Channel:     brighterwithherbert
Title:       Big Week for Tesla, SpaceX, and AI
URL:         https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6U8zeclnrO4
Published:   2026-05-08 13:30 UTC
Fetched:     2026-05-08 14:00 UTC

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Big moves this week. SpaceX announced a
massive deal with its AI rival,
Anthropic. The number of unsupervised
robo taxis shot up from 26 to 38 in the
last 5 days. And a new SpaceX filing
shows Terra Fab numbers are enormous,
$55 billion up front and up to 119
billion total. Might be at Grimes
County, Texas, a 2-hour drive from
Austin. We got the bulls here with us
today. We got the rationable, also known
as Mr. Incredible, the executive Jeff
Lutz. We got the bot bowl, the master
forecaster, also known as Tesla basher
mama CERN Basher. And today we're joined
by the engineerable with engineering
management roles previously at Apple and
Rivian. He's our AI interpreter, Phil
Biceel. What a team we have here.
&gt;&gt; What do we call you?
&gt;&gt; Come up with a few names.
&gt;&gt; It's a great team we have here today.
All top level executives with real
experience running companies. Welcome
everybody. Hey, how's it going, Herbert?
&gt;&gt; Good. Feeling good. I mean, big big
deals. A lot to debate today. Uh there's
a big divide amongst Tesla investors.
We'll get right into that. Let's start
off with the news. Uh we're going to
cover SpaceX anthropic deal. This just
happened last night. It's a big one. Um
Claude, uh which is anthropic, which is
creates Claude, their LLM. They said,
"We've agreed to a partnership with
SpaceX that will substantially increase
our compute capacity." This is a big
deal because in the last month they've
been throttling their their AI. It's
been it's just been terrible as I've
been using it. But they desperately
needed this compute. Elon comes in saves
them out you know from the day. Now they
get to double their rate limits. They
get to increase remove the peak hour
limits that they had to put in. The API
rates have also raised. Uh this is not
just uh anthropic renting all the entire
Colossus one data center 300 megawws of
additional capacity to deploy. It's all
going to be deployed within this month
but it's also looks like uh they're
planning maybe even offplanet. So this
is a deal that will go beyond
terrestrial and eventually into SpaceX
AI data centers. Interesting what Elon
said here. He said by way of background
for those who care. I spent a lot of
time last week with senior members of
the anthropic team to understand what
they do to ensure Claude is good for
humanity and was impressed. Everyone I
met was highly competent and cared a
great deal about doing the right thing.
No one set off my evil detector. So long
as they engage in critical
self-examination, Claude will probably
be good. After that, I was okay leasing
Colossus one to Anthropic as SpaceX AI
had already moved training to Colossus
2. All right, this is a big deal, Jeff.
I mean, first of all, they saved
Anthropic. They didn't need Elon did not
need to save Anthropic. Anthropic wanted
to go IPO if they let you know they're
compute constrained. Let them stay
computed. XEI's Gro can show that it's
better. Why did he save them? And then,
of course, on the side, on a good side,
SpaceX gets to show that they have real
revenue now from their, you know,
compute as a service business and
they're going to get real money out of
this. So, there's a win-win on both
sides. What do you think is happening,
Jeeoff?
the company and the product. I don't
look at the quarterly stock movement.
&gt;&gt; A very realistic bull questioning
certain decisions.
&gt;&gt; The rational bull enjoy listening to
bears.
&gt;&gt; We're looking for the red flags. You're
supposed to react.
&gt;&gt; The longerterm opportunity for Tesla is
like no other company that I've ever
seen.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. I I there's a there's a lot of
things that could be happening here. Uh
number one this is a complimentary
relationship as you explained enthropic
needs the compute we as users we've seen
the issues that are occurring there's
been reporting that Colossus one you
know first off I don't see utilization
rates being reported uh consistently
across any of these data centers but it
wouldn't be surprising as these things
are coming up that you know utilization
is not at 100%. Just because we're
building a lot of these, it doesn't mean
that everyone that's already in service
is running at some massively high
utilization yet rate. There could be a
number of reasons. There could be
training runs that have just completed
and so forth. So, this could be very
complimentary for SpaceX as well, which
is when I'm not doing a training run or
I've just completed this and I'm moving
on the Colossus 2 and I and I have
unused compute for some period of time,
you can use it during your peak hours.
So, we don't exactly know how this deal
is going to play out. We just know that
these two are working together. There's
also this angle of Elon in a court
battle against Open AI and the the
entire structure and leadership of that
company. And who is, you know, the
number one competitor for Open AI? It's
really the top three are um Claude, Open
AI, and and Gemini in no specific order.
then Grock is is mixed in there. So if
this could help Claude, you know, you
know, further compete and apply a larger
gap in that relationship with OpenAI,
I'm sure Elon doesn't have a problem
with that either. I wouldn't over
analyze this at this point of like I've
seen some people saying, "Oh, there's
there this could be it. This could
there's a glut of compute already and
and now they're reselling Well, if you
look at the if you look at the resale
rate for GPUs, you look at what's
happening, that's just that's just not
the case. I'm surprised that this
relationship actually didn't happen more
between Tesla and XAI in terms of and
I've brought this up numerous times, but
there could be a reason for that. Maybe
um Phil can dig into that and would love
to hear his thoughts on it. I just I
just close by saying there's a number of
things happening here. I think this is
complimentary for SpaceX. I think it's
complimentary for Claude. It doesn't
mean that Grock is a bust. It doesn't
mean that SpaceX built too much compute.
That's why they're go they're going on
and training Colossus 2. There's a much
bigger thing at play here in terms of
targets and objectives. We haven't even
trained humanoid uh bots, all that. And
that's going to take an enormous amount
of compute. So, more to come on this,
but this I think you'll see more of
these happening in the industry. And
then just before we went on air,
there's, you know, there's Nvidia
tie-up. There's there's a number of
things happening in the background, but
I'd love to hear from Phil and welcome
to the show.
&gt;&gt; Well, I think, you know, I think it's a
really interesting and good deal. I
mean, you know, it's got this uh counter
punch to Open AI. It's kind of
interesting. Um, but I think, you know,
more consequentially, what I think
happened is I think Colossus 2 came up
faster than Elon expected. And I think
that the team uh at XAI really hadn't
gone full utilization and so they were
looking at some excess compute. I mean I
think it's really smart because what I
think happened here in the beginning of
time is that Elon sort of set the tone
by somewhat cornering the market on
GPUs. So he pulled the GPUs in. Now
you've got you've got um you know
somewhat of a shortage around the rest
of the so-called industry. Uh so
Anthropic then started to starve out and
all of a sudden G the GPUs were
available you know in Elon's hands. So I
mean I think you know he saw I think
we've talked about this before in many
different pods that we he saw this
coming so darn early that he kind of
built ahead of the curve and I think uh
it's a master stroke because I think he
gets to decide what he wants to do with
the computer all the time now. I mean,
he can eventually kick Anthropic out uh
if they don't meet his criteria. I think
that's one of the reasons he laid down
that criteria as you know. Um so he
could always kind of come off of that if
he felt that they weren't uh uh meeting
his criteria of of you know a truthful
AI. Um but uh yeah, I think it's I think
it's a great deal. Plus, they get I
mean, look at SpaceX. are going to get
this uh I don't know, people have
estimated maybe $500 million a month of
cash flow here. I don't know. Does
anybody have a number on that?
&gt;&gt; I've seen numbers range from 5 billion a
year to 16 billion a year.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. It was uh Brian Wang put out the
number that's closer to 20 28 billion a
year if you compare it to AWS rental
compute.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. And those guys are
expensive. I mean those guys are
expensive though, right?
&gt;&gt; Yeah. So, first of all, I just want to
ask the three of you guys just nailing
on a what is a word, you know, put it to
bed. This this this idea that a lot of
Tesla investors are going, does that
mean that Grock is failed? Why would
they rent this out if Grock could have
been using double the, you know,
Colossus 2 plus Colossus 1 to really
beat everybody? Elon himself said, "We
have many Grock models training
simultaneously in Colossus 2. I'm
confident they will bear fruit and work
on the Grock built harness is
progressing well. So it sounds like
they're not abandoning Grock, right?
&gt;&gt; I take that at face value. I mean
there's a lot of GPUs here people. I
mean so I mean having you know if he's
if he's literally saying I have multiple
models running concurrently.
Uh I'd take that at face value and I'd
say that that Colossus 2 is handling
that load and Colossus one wasn't
absolutely necessary. Uh so he had the
capacity.
&gt;&gt; Who knows? Maybe they have some backroom
deal. I'm sorry. Is they may have some
backroom deal to train off of each other
too because uh Anthropic won't have
access to X. Uh Grock has access to X
and all this real-time information and
everything else it has access to.
&gt;&gt; So they may have a backroom deal. The
other thing that this is a big leverage
play on is Elon and XAI's ability to
bring up compute and make it coherent
faster than anybody else in the
industry. I forgot to mention that.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. an anthropic uh cut off XAI a long
time ago to their models to their uh
what is it called the um
&gt;&gt; they're still
&gt;&gt; yeah no um to the uh forget it okay but
anyways they they cut them off so they
can't have access to they might give
them that now so that they can improve
Grock faster
&gt;&gt; do we know how much this increases
anthropics capacity
&gt;&gt; I don't know
&gt;&gt; I have some data on that let me just
show you that but it what it was kind
interesting because anthropic themselves
sorry here I'll show you this to you
know they they they were in dire straits
right but so I already explained that
they're going to double the five hour
limits they remove the peak hour limits
they're going to raise their API limits
but take a look at this tier one now
goes not only from 30,000 input tokens
per minute to 500,000
from 2 million to 10 million this isn't
just a small jump it's huge jump that
means that they had to really throttle
it and then if if they had these other
significant compute partnerships 5
gawatt with Amazon 5 gawatt with Google
partnership within Microsoft Nvidia 30
billion of Azure capacity 50 billion in
in a infrastructure then why did they
need to partner with SpaceX
&gt;&gt; because all of those are later yeah
&gt;&gt; that's right this is just this is all
like not available today
&gt;&gt; yeah it's interesting and then
interesting when you think about the
impact of of all this on the cursor deal
uh did Elon find a way then to lock in
cursor at a low valuation because they
were constrained and now you release the
constraints on anthropic suddenly making
cursor more valuable. But Elon's already
locked in his price on that. Pretty
pretty clever.
&gt;&gt; Yeah,
&gt;&gt; Elon controls the spice.
&gt;&gt; You know what it it it's there. I think
Elon's made it no secret that he is
rearchitecting
AI work at XAI and how that work is
done, how Grock is architected. He's
made that very clear and you've seen the
personnel movement. So that it's not all
like rosy and like everything's perfect
and now we're going to a new level. I
think he's got a lot of work to do under
the hood, too. So I think these things
can be separate. I think they can work
on architecture in one realm. They can
bring up and ramp up Colossus 2 in
another realm. And then they could lease
out Colossus one. And you can do you can
walk and chew gum at the same time.
These things aren't necessarily all
interconnected. But it is also fair to
say that
Grock and XAI have definitely had some
stumbles in terms of like where the
current release Grock is relative to
where these other models are. But like I
said, this race, you know, this we're
not at the finish line,
&gt;&gt; right?
&gt;&gt; We're this thing is this thing is a very
long horizon. I think the lead will
change multiple times.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. to pick up on pick up on what Jeff
said. I think I think you know from an
engineering reality I think the um the
team at XAI was a bit of a you know
management light playground team. They
had a lot of opportunity. Elon gave them
a lot of opportunity a lot of rope they
could hang themselves or not. And I
think you know they're not showing uh a
complete direct mature path to product
in a sense. It's sort of like an
experimentation.
So I think I think there are some I mean
I think we we we got signal there
because we heard that a shock was going
over there to be an adult in the room
and uh we saw other people leave and you
know but to me uh so what I mean that's
just sort of how it works. I I don't
think it's kind of extraordinary but
doesn't mean it's all good. Just means
that it's a bit messy. It's got to get
right sized and fixed and they got he
has to determine what his actual
strategy is. Is he trying to make this
kind of LM? Is he um is he chasing the
code side of this? Is he chasing uh you
know generative AI? Um you know is is
Grock imagine more important than say
the uh the knowledge side? what what
contribution is Grock making in general
to uh the agentic world meaning people
using it for at API level and then um
and then how is it being pushed back and
and and utilized in
in in Tesla products namely uh in car
and and Optimus. So I don't think all
those things were were are perfectly
clean. Uh you know I mean what what I
think the where they excelled in the
execution was the bring up of the data
center. That's why I said before I think
they got ahead of themselves there and
uh and now the teams are starting to get
it together in terms of deciding what
they build in what sequence and and how
big they make these models. So
&gt;&gt; you guys think that OpenAI is cooked.
So, not only is Elon Okay, we don't know
the outcome of this lawsuit that's
happening right now. It's been we're in
a second week, but just listening to the
dribbs and drabs of what's what they're
saying in the court, sounds like Elon's
making some good points and um they may
force if the outcome is that opening I
must become back a nonprofit that's the
you know, but it's a low low chance low
probability that will happen. But that
would be the major win on Elon's side.
And on the other side though they are
they too open AAI is compute constrained
SpaceX and Anthropic make a deal you
know Grock gets better anthropic gets
better and then open AI is left in the
dust. Is this a big hit on Sam?
&gt;&gt; There's no love loss there. I mean I
mean look, you know, I think OpenAI did
exactly what they're accused of doing.
Whether or not it whether or not it has
some legal remedy, I don't know. Um but
uh it's pretty clear the evidence is in
fact pretty clear that they did exactly
what they're accused of doing. And uh I
also think for the most part Elon comes
out looking quite altruistic. You know
what I mean? like his
&gt;&gt; look why did he make you know someone
asked him you know why didn't you create
other uh one of the lawyers asked him
why didn't you create other nonprofits
he's like I did I created this one and
and you know he he had the opportunity
to create this as a for-profit business
since he's created other versions of
those and he chose not to so obviously
he comes in looking clean and I think he
kind of comes out of this looking clean
but I just feel like the courts will not
go for a large remedy just because this
thing is so baked and so far down the
road and I don't think they can even
have a large remedy unless they remove
Sam and um and Brockman. I just I don't
think it's possible. Right. So those
guys who would have to go uh because how
do you throw the money back into the
Open AI Foundation side and make sense
of it at this point? Uh who's the
where's the governance? I think you just
give it all to Microsoft because
Microsoft was unjustly treated through
all their antitrust trials.
&gt;&gt; That's a joke. But yeah,
&gt;&gt; yeah, I know the text messages. Yeah,
it's messy. It's that the text messages
are pretty wild in terms of you've seen
some of the things uh posted. I'm not a
lawyer. Uh remember, you've got to
convince a jury in Oakland, I think,
that to to award even though Elon's
donating the money, you know, it's not a
but you have to convince the jury to
award Elon anything in that area. So,
it'll be interesting to see how it plays
out. I mean, there's some clear clear
points made on on either side of it. So,
we'll have to see how it plays out. I
just don't think I mean as you see some
of the posting and sentiment. I just
don't think it's a slam dunk. Uh either
way uh you can make great points during
a legal proceeding doesn't mean you're
going to convince uh the jury uh in your
favor. So we'll we'll see how it plays
out and hopefully just get this behind
and you know there's a lot of he's got a
lot of things spinning uh that he that
need to that need to play out. So uh
we'll we'll get into those next.
&gt;&gt; All right. I just I just marvel at
Elon's foresight. He built those
Colossus one, Colossus 2 in working on
Colossus 3 now in Dojo. You got Cortex
one, Cortex 2's making moves on Tesla
side. These are the largest
supercomputers in the world. He knew
that that was going to be the
bottleneck. It turned out to be a
bottleneck for OpenAI and anthropic.
They're feeling the pain. And now he's
saying it's energy and of course he's
working to get to to space to get access
to free energy in the future. And then
of course chips terapab we'll talk about
that too. So he's just so far ahead of
everyone else and then what he promises
happens. All right let's talk robo
taxis. Um in the last 5 days we saw the
number jump from 26 to 38 unsupervised.
It looks like here again this is robo
taxi tracker which is not uh we can't
say it's 100% accurate but it is the
number we've been following. 27 in
Austin, five in Dallas, six in Houston.
Both Dallas and Houston is 100%
unsupervised and in Austin there's 27 of
them that are unsupervised and maybe
around 50 plus I think Jeff you said
it's already 50% of cars in Austin are
unsupervised but there's move right it's
a big jump from what it was and then
what's happening in China there's some
potential here the rumors started
popping up saying that a fully
functional version of FSE version 14.3.2
2 is being made available to employees
in China. This is a rumors there have
been they had to be signing
non-disclosure agreements. But then you
look at hiring and it looks like that in
China Tesla China is hiring for
autopilot test engineers. So that could
be a signal that maybe they're expecting
to have FSE approved full FSE approved
in China. And then in Europe what's
going on here? Uh we reported on Monday
that uh DMV sorry what is it the RDW of
Dutch presented to the EU countries
their findings of FSD and they want the
EU countries to approve Tesla's FSD in
all those 27 countries but it looks like
that Tesla themselves have updated the
FSE purchase terms across the multiple
European countries not just Belgium but
also Germany Sweden and others. So they
I think you they put deadlines for the
one-time purchase and so people are
saying well they must be doing that
because they're preparing for FSE to be
rolled out.
Are these good signs? Uh we haven't
heard much from you yet sir and what's
your interpretation of all this?
&gt;&gt; Well this is another messy process isn't
it? Um you know you've got European
Union and you've got all these countries
doing their own things. Um I heard that
you know some of them are one there's
one question about what how does FSD
handle moose? you know, getting very
specific, right? Um, I think you can
probably ask the Canadian FSD users how
it handles moose. I'm sure that's that's
been tested many times.
&gt;&gt; Thought you were talking about hair
moose.
&gt;&gt; Well, he doesn't he has no ide.
&gt;&gt; Um, you know, so this is this is all
positive steps in the right direction.
This the question is the timing. I think
it's all up in the air still. There's no
doubt in my mind that FSD will be
approved in all of Europe at some point.
I don't know when that date is. They're
making steps towards that. The Dutch
have done the right thing. Hopefully,
other countries will follow. Um, you
know, it's just a messy messy process. I
mean the regulator in Netherlands is
that is the regul that getting through
that gauntlet is it's not like they have
to do redo all the testing every one of
these 27 member countries. So that was a
very big deal what happened last month
and it looks like that there's some pull
happening. Maybe it's still going to
happen country by country obviously
versus EUwide but so we'll see how it
plays out. But I'm sure there's going to
be questions along the way. It's kind of
like you see this the goings back and
forth in this uh I shouldn't laugh. Uh
in this conflict in the Middle East,
everybody thinks they have some sort of
insight on the deal between uh these two
countries. Um and they don't. So we
we'll probably see some back and forth
is my point. But I think this is
trending positively. I think it's
trending positively in China. I think
this is one of those things where it's
even though this feels like it's been
going on for a long time, it's not like
FSD was necessarily potentially good
enough to handle all these situations
like the emergency situations have just
been resolved in FSD14. A number of
things like that. I think there's a
number of these I don't call them edge
cases. I think use cases that needed to
be resolved. So on one hand it feels
like oh they say this all the time but
and they've been they've been trying to
get you know get approved for a long
time. On the other hand I actually think
they've recently just been ready in 142
143 to be honest with you to to really
be approved.
&gt;&gt; I totally agree with Jeeoff. I think the
Netherlands is a huge deal and I think
uh FSD really wasn't ready until 14
series at all. So, you know, in some
ways, if we just go back a little bit in
time there, it's actually there's a lot
of progress being made all of a sudden.
Um,
&gt;&gt; yeah,
&gt;&gt; two things can be true at the same time.
Sorry, Herbert. I just and I and I dealt
with this implicit bias in user trials
in in the smartphone world.
&gt;&gt; Every software release you get can be
the best release ever because it's
better than what the the one it's
replacing. And that's what you see in a
lot of the community like oh my god I
just got I mean whatever we go back to
FSD11 oh my god this is so much better
than FSD 10.9
that is all true that that there is a
lot of truth to that uh and that's that
that's that bias of you have a biased
population you already have an existing
test group but if you gave it to a new
test group that never had it before it'
be like what the hell is it like? So
that's what you experience in the
Xbubble by the way. So two things can be
true at the same time. One is these
releases are getting really good and
they are good and then on its face and
on its surface without any prior testing
I think FS I think 1432 is getting
really close. Uh there's still some
issues but uh I think on its face this I
think they can hand this to regulators
and feel feel good about it. Uh what do
you guys uh take of the jump this month
this five day last five days 26
unsupervised robo taxis to now 38 still
small numbers
but they have to start small right
&gt;&gt; yeah I think I mean know it's first off
it is signal it is good stuff it is good
stuff I mean obviously what I think the
um the kind of uh problem here is it's
not really we shouldn't call it a
production service like it's not it's
not as if they're running a service here
that is available all the time for
people. That's not true. It's more like
uh running tests. But I think you know
they're really the scale is the reason
they're not scaling faster there is just
operationally constrained. I think that
they are working through lots and lots
of issues with a certain amount of fixed
number of staff. Right? Obviously they
can put as many cars as they want into
uh into the fleet as they as as they as
they can service but service
operationally. But I think it's the
operational side that's holding them
back. And um but it's it's good signal.
No doubt about it. I would love to see
it just be a point in time where it's
like, okay, Austin is 100% unsupervised
and you know, there are 500 cars.
Obviously, I think we'd all like to see
that.
&gt;&gt; I would I would just say quickly that
it's not the absolute number at this
early stage of a rollout. Um, it's the
percentage moves relative in a fixed in
a fixed time frame to look at. That's
what I would keep an eye on. That's why
it is actually exciting to go from 22 to
33 and then to go from 33 to 38.
&gt;&gt; It's actually because of the percentage
move. It's not the absolute number.
&gt;&gt; U, don't compare it to that. The other
thing is this perception. I mean,
Tesla's missed its own milestones. I
mean, that's very clear. We bring this
up on every show. If Tesla didn't put
out those near-term milestones and Tesla
was just compared to a Whimo roll out or
some other service, it would actually be
doing fine, if not if not better than
those roll out. So, there's kind of a
mixed bag going on here. I think we'd
all like to see this move faster, but
we'd also nobody wants to see a serious
problem occur as well. So, I think
what's happening is is 143
just got good enough, but I don't even
know if that's what's in these robo
taxis. I think these robo taxis have
something typically have something
that's probably beyond what we're
driving in our cars, even the latest.
That's what's what's in our cars. So,
that could be part of what's happening
here. And finally, Tesla could get to a
very large number of robo taxis. That
may not be what Elon refers to as volume
scale. Cuz you remember in his mind, he
wants to create a new industry. He wants
to change how people travel. And that's
in the many hundreds of thousands and
millions. But before you get to hundreds
and thousands of a millions and
millions, you could get to 5,000 and
10,000 and be bigger than any service
out there by a factor of a couple. And
that may that still may be in play.
We'll see. Uh what do you guys think of
uh what Brian Wang said? He he gave a
little nice little prediction of what he
sees happening in the next 60 days. So
he goes, "Okay, there's now 39
unsupervised today. Dallas and Houston
have no monitors in the cars for any
vehicles, right? They're 100%
unsupervised in Dallas and Houston.
Tesla seems to be converting all Austin
vehicles to unsupervised in the next 10
days ago. I don't know. I don't know
where he got the next 10 days or so, but
he's guessing. And if they do, that
would be 24 more because you could you
can see that the that the conversion to
unsupervised is happening more in
Austin. He goes, it could be 24 more.
Dallas and Houston should reach at least
10 unsupervised each. 10 10 plus all of
Austin. That would be 70 by the end of
next week. And then he goes there's at
least 80 plus parked robo taxi badge
vehicles in each city and cyber cabs.
Each city reaching 100 unsupervised
seems likely. And again, he's just
throwing out the number, the date of end
of June. They're driving the vehicles in
evening. Now, this is a path to doubling
the rides in hours of operation. 10x the
vehicles and 2x the driving would be 20x
the robo taxi miles. And then, of
course, you'd increase the geography. I
thought his inter it's just I I was very
excited about the way he thinks and the
way he pulled this through. What do you
guys think of that?
&gt;&gt; Well, I mean, I think it's directionally
accurate, although I don't know where he
gets actually some of those numbers. Um
but I mean definitely we are seeing this
happen right before our eyes. I mean I
think we are um we've kind of all
adopted a bit of a maybe pessimistic
tone and now all of a sudden guess what
Tesla will be in the under promise overd
deliver space. So
you know I mean they started the other
way. They got ahead of themselves but
now things will start to cook and uh
it'll all happen. I think, you know,
I just I'm not too concerned about it.
To me, it's just like this is what you
have to do. Um, it takes time to put
these things into play. You have to go
out and experiment in the field. You
have to deal with I I I largely think
the safety issues are behind them. I
think it's mostly operational. And
operational to me means proper pickup,
drop off, uh a bunch of other little
things that relate to because after all,
if you think about what has to happen
here is they don't want to be put in a
position where it you know what what Ton
what Elon has said to his team is I want
to scale this and if that means that uh
they have to have some kind of customer
service or person in operation center
get get involved in one out of 100 rides
then it's not a scalable service. you
have to get that number way way way up.
So, right now I think you know where
you're where you're seeing this is it's
it's kind of where Whimo sort of is or a
little bit behind them and uh and it's
just suffering a lot of those little
problems that doesn't allow Elon to say,
"Okay, this is really scaled to that
very very next level." So,
&gt;&gt; Phil, when you think about the timing or
the length of time it takes to deal with
some of these issues, the non-safety
issues, what what's your expectation
around how long it might take Tesla to
fit that in their models or what's the
process around that? What does that look
like?
&gt;&gt; Well, I mean, look, I think what 143
did for them is two two things. First,
we know about they rewrote the runtime.
It helped dramatically with the
performance. gave them a lot of headroom
for running the model at the right
frequency through it and so forth. Um,
but what the second part is that I think
they really set up their pipeline to do
reinforcement learning. And why is this
important? Because that's exactly what
you're talking about. It's like taking
um a specific operational possibly
safety issue in the field, setting up a
bunch of scenarios from collected data
and then essentially fine-tuning the
model. Right? So they have some 14 dot
something base that they have out there
and they can just take a single case
that they solve in the field. They may
it may roll up. It may take you know a
couple days. They may push seven of them
together or something and then they
probably push out a build and they push
out they push out that build to maybe
two or three cars. It doesn't really
matter. They get to control it. Uh and
then they see how it performs. But the
key is that that this is all coming down
to it's not like retraining the model at
this point. What they're doing is just
fine-tuning the model. Now with that,
they have to worry about regression. So
in other words, they can fix a problem
and it can cause a new problem. And the
best way I can I could see them solving
that is running the entire thing through
a lot of their simulation framework.
That's essentially allows them to do a
lot of regression testing. Um, it's it's
a slow process, but I think what they
attempted to do netnet in 143 is really
uh accelerate that ability to make that
those kinds of changes.
&gt;&gt; Sounds like robotexing whack-a-ole.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, a bit. But but the point is you
want to do it fast, right? And I think
that they've got the the technique now
to do that very quickly. Yeah.
&gt;&gt; What do you guys think of this logic? Uh
one of the greatest sentences that uh I
heard Ashok say at the earnings call was
he said uh that the robo taxis are using
a variant of the 143 series. The 14.3
series and then now what has happened is
the 14.3.2
is now being widely deployed. I think my
estimate is around 50% of all Teslas now
have 14.3.2. Okay. And it's probably by
the end of next week or maybe two weeks
from now everybody will have 14.3.2.
into. So if they're using the same
series, then when they roll it out to
all of us and we're driving it
everywhere, that's how they're going to
more quickly find those final edge
cases. Now, of course, they're not
they're different. Robbo taxi is
different than in terms of edge cases
you're looking for because it sounds
like it's not safety as much as it is
right parking or you know these these
kind of weird where it's sitting there
too long before somebody decides to take
over. Is that you know what I mean? like
that that just makes me feel like they
they have this ability to roll out the
same software to everybody to really
find out if there's an issue so that
they can solve it so that they can feel
more confident about their own robo taxi
solution. I mean obstensible it should
be essentially the same version uh
modeed right in other words it should
there should be some input to it to tell
you tell it to how to behave behave in
supervised mode behave in customer
supervised mode behave in robo taxi
unsupervised mode um and I would suspect
that right now where they are is a kind
of tip of the spear is that
the a new release will
they'll fine-tune
existing 14 something release, they'll
first test it in the robo taxi fleet and
then it will come to us. I think we're
behind that and I think that's fine. I
think it should be that way because um
because at this point I think the
difference here is that they themselves
as in the personnel involved in this,
the engineering team and operations team
need to have eyes on on that and that's
where they're trying to scale the
service. So, so I suspect what's in the
field right now and it could be
different AC. It could be several
variants, but it's definitely something
ahead of us that we're catching up to in
my opinion.
&gt;&gt; Agree. Interesting.
&gt;&gt; I I think I think it's I said like a
little bit of broken record. They have a
mathematical model where they have
serious incidents, non-serious
incidents,
&gt;&gt; and they want to keep the number of cars
concurrently running on the road by
geography because that's important as
well. uh at at a certain level until
they improve the the inputs to that
system which is the performance uh of
the software and where it has these
infinite loops and bugs as in the
operational issues that Phil was
referring to. One other thing uh and I I
I posted about this as well. I'm a
little concerned that we're not seeing
these things wirelessly charging. And I
think that's part of the scaling story
as well because if you start getting
lots of these out there, somebody's got
to go manually plug these things in and
charge them. And that can be a little
bit of an impediment in the system. So,
I'd love to I'd love to just see a
couple of these things driving over
wireless charging pads if it's at Texas
or if it's at if it's near the
engineering office at Palo Alto and
somebody capturing that. I would feel a
lot better seeing that in terms of the
uh the next level of of scale here.
&gt;&gt; We don't know if those cyber cabs are
even enabled with that component. Like
we have no evidence to suggest that
right at this point.
&gt;&gt; We don't. has been one example of that.
Yeah.
&gt;&gt; And and I've heard rumors that the
wireless charging system is delayed,
significantly delayed. Obviously, we
haven't seen it, but there's reasons why
it's been delayed, hasn't got approved.
So, that's
&gt;&gt; I'd be shocked if these are being built
without it, like the hardware that not
in there. I would be I would be
surprised because if if this is just
software optimization,
then you'd think that could happen over
time, but yeah, we don't know what's
going on. But I think it's it's got to
be some part of the it doesn't mean they
can't get to a couple thousand without
it. Obviously, Whimo's not wirelessly
charging and some of these other but
still.
&gt;&gt; Okay. I wanted to ask you this question,
Phil, and uh certain actually I don't
think I've asked you this, but last
Cyber Bulls, I asked the question, when
might we see cyber cyber cabs in robo
taxi service and uh you know, we're
seeing a lot of them. Thank you to Joe
Techmar. There's now 40 to 50 now
instead of uh 20 plus.
&gt;&gt; So, it's obviously they're growing maybe
around 20 a day. You can see all over
Giga Texas, they're out there. And then
there is this beautiful video of a Tesla
Semi carrying a bunch of these new Cyber
Cabs somewhere. And so they're clearly
still testing them out. Uh my opinion
was that the Cyber Cab being a brand new
form factor and not having the ability
as Tesla did with FSD with Model Y,
testing it with a regular customers,
millions of cars out there testing it as
well, that this is going to take a lot
longer than people think. that it's not
going to be like next week you're going
to have a robo taxi you can hail instead
they might take three months for it to
really test FSD uh to test robo taxi and
test it sure you knowing what you know
Phil about how the different camera
setup how FSD might be different from a
cyber cab versus a model Y is there some
truth to what I'm saying or do you think
nope it can come out anytime
&gt;&gt; I'm not that I'm not that pessimistic on
it I think I think it's imminent I look
I think
certainly if you look at the sort of the
coordinates of where these cameras are.
They're slightly differently placed. Not
like completely different places. It's
just that if you put look at the front
this camera or that camera, they're in
different spots. But in the software,
they've kind of abstracted that to start
with. I mean, that's the nature of what
you would do. So, I think it's pretty
clear that one of those cars will come
in service very quickly. In fact, I
actually think they are sort of in
service. I think that they are just not
there's just not customers in the
vehicle.
uh you know they're testing them right
now when we see them running around
Austin uh there aren't necessarily
there's no indication necessarily that
someone is controlling the car when it's
moving around I think it is in the robo
taxi network it's just not available for
customer hailing
&gt;&gt; okay you're more confident about that
how about you
&gt;&gt; I am I am well what I find encouraging
is that we're seeing cyber cabs far and
wide across the nation to me if you
wanted to if you needed to
uh get cyber cab in service and you felt
like you needed to validate them and
deploy them, you would see a lot more
running around Austin.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. 300, let's say, driving around
everywhere. Yeah.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; Like what they did in California, right?
In California, they they did 300 as fast
as possible to get as much miles as
possible to really get the
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; But the fact ones and twos here and
there, I think
&gt;&gt; way of saying it is they're just putting
those cars out in substitution for the
wise in my opinion. Like I don't think
there's any particular reason why it's a
robo cappy robo tax uh sorry a cyber cab
in Rochester, New York versus a Model Y
if they're just trying to validate, you
know, the local environment. I think
it's just that they happen to be
deploying those cars now. So that's
&gt;&gt; I think some some cyber cap validation
though to make sure that new that new
smaller form factor
&gt;&gt; Sure. Sure. Sure. But I don't think it's
I don't think it's like oh my god that
car must be put there for that reason
alone. I think it's just
&gt;&gt; they're starting to substitute them
because ultimately that is actually what
they will do. Substitute them for the
other cars.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; Right.
&gt;&gt; Good points. Okay. What do you guys
think this is? Uh this is Joe Techmar
caught these videos of a mystery car
under a cover and the wheels also masked
off with white vinyl. And then if you
take a you know this is it right here as
you can go side by side with a Cybert
truck with a Model Y. Uh looks like the
Model Y L to most people. What do you
guys think?
&gt;&gt; Can we tie some topics together? Is it
Are these the new affordable vehicles?
I'm just kidding. It was a joke.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; Um
&gt;&gt; I don't get I don't get the joke.
&gt;&gt; I There's some There's There's There's
conversation happening about
&gt;&gt; uh what Tesla promised or committed on
that. So, I just thought I'd tie it all
together. Herbert, come on.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, I I I was a little slow. I caught
up. I caught up. I caught up.
&gt;&gt; Come on. Catch up here. Right.
&gt;&gt; I caught up. Caught up.
Yeah. So, I I I don't know. We get one
of these every quarter, right? And we're
never right.
&gt;&gt; Maybe it's just uh
&gt;&gt; covered Tesla.
&gt;&gt; Okay. Well, since we're going to talk
about things we're never right about, do
you guys want to talk stock?
&gt;&gt; Whoa.
&gt;&gt; Uh Jeeoff, you wanted to talk about
this? What What is this telling us?
&gt;&gt; Yeah, I wanted to I put this up again.
I'm not Mr. technical, but actually
someone I know on X is um in retro tech
is the handle and he does a really good
job breaking down some of these. And it
looks like Tesla's made a couple of
interesting moves from this, you know,
the this is the third time it's done
this kind of this breakout from this uh
downward channel. And when it's done
this, the last two times it's done this
in the past, it's sprung up to all-time
highs. So, doesn't mean that that's
going to happen again, but that's what
that's what's happened the last two
times.
&gt;&gt; And there's some key levels that the
stock has now closed over. I think it
closed over the 200 day level, which is
in the low 400s, 402, 404, that area.
And it's kind of closing between these
these FIBs or these Fibonacci sequences
uh that are occurring in the data. So,
it's between those right now. So, it's
going to it may bounce back and forth
for a bit, but that's kind of what's
happening in astrology world uh with
with the stock. I kind of I think it's
useful information if you're trying to
understand why is it doing something,
you know, in in inside of a day like why
does it go down to this level and spring
up to this level uh versus like trying
to tie some sort of like fundamental
issue with the company. I think the
headlines this morning were
fabulous about, you know, they don't get
covered on any on any major news show
because they were all positive.
Obviously, you put the SpaceX anthropic
deal to the side. Elon's making a
gigantic deal in the AI industry. If you
just put that to the side, you got a
bunch of European sales data that was
very positive. Germany, the best sales
month, best best April ever, I think.
And you got China data that was very
strong, one of the strongest Aprils uh
there as well. And and and uh yeah, you
just got a bunch of data points. You got
this huge uh semi deal looks like is in
the works uh to buy over $und00 million
of semiis. So those deals are starting
to happen. Semiis entering production,
it looks like. So there was a lot of
good headlines flowing this morning
again about car sales to be honest.
&gt;&gt; I know.
&gt;&gt; So that thing
&gt;&gt; so we're in the second quarter again and
Tesla uh the last couple of second
quarters they've they've definitely
overachieved. You've got 95 to $100 oil.
I used to say that the people buying
these 40 to $55,000 cars are less
sensitive but that's actually not true.
I don't think people like going to the
pump even if they have a 40 or $50,000.
They don't like paying 120 when they
used to pay 40 uh or 50. So, I'm not
saying it's that, but it's there's some
pretty big extremes uh depending on
where you are in the country. So, I
think those factors are going on. I
think the tech the technical data is
helpful and there's some people on X
that do a good job of sharing that and
trying to um discern like what it could
mean. Sounds good. Let's get into u some
controversial discussions right now.
There are two big topics that the Tesla
community seems to be divided on right
now. One is what's going on with this
idea of a SpaceX Tesla merger. One side
believes that it's going to rob Tesla
investors. The other side thinks that
it's going to be a good thing for Tesla
investors. And then the other topic is
optimist. Some people think that it's
much more delayed than we realize. So,
let's start with that first one. Looks
like that uh it's hot and heavy. The
community is is is going back and forth
on this. Alexandra Mertz and and uh
Bradford Ferguson kind of got got heated
back and forth on each other. Um sorry,
actually that one's it's it was kind of
a side thing, wasn't it, that that
Bradford believes that uh SpaceX is not
a good deal for Tesla. And I know
Cernin, you've been part of this
conversation. Uh, can you explain both
sides? You want to do that?
&gt;&gt; Um, yeah. I'm not really sure I'm in a
good position to explain
both sides. Um, I'll share with you what
my thoughts are. Uh, because I I don't
want to speak for Bradford. I don't want
to speak for Alexander. I don't think
that's fair. And
&gt;&gt; no, I don't mean those two guys. I'm
talking about this the both sides of
whether or not space some people who
think SpaceX is bad for Tesla and some
people think SpaceX Tesla together is
good. That's that's what I'm talking
about.
&gt;&gt; Sure. Well, we'll cover some of those
things. I I you know the way I'd
characterize it is that there's a lot of
Tesla shareholders and and I think this
is a very valid point of view that said
they've been in the stock for years that
they've been these promises of autonomy
and robo taxi and now we're on the cusp
of that and now you're talking about a
merger that's going to take away some of
that upside for us because you're going
to dilute that then with another
company's shareholders and ownership and
so you know if you thought that Tesla
was going to 5x then you're giving half
of that up to the SpaceX side. And I
think that is a very valid legitimate
concern. Like I don't want to dismiss
that. I've been very active in trying to
just sort of put out some other ideas
out there for people to consider so it's
not just so one-sided about that. But I
I share that concern. I think that that
we've seen SpaceX stock uh surge
dramatically over the last year in
particular. It was valued at 400 billion
just last summer and now we're looking
at an IPO that might be up to $2
trillion. So that's a pretty phenomenal
increase. Um I think if Tesla stock had
done something similar, I think there
would be a lot less worry in the
community about that. So I think that's
that's part of it.
The thing I think that I've been trying
to draw attention to is that while
this robo taxi expansion is is not
necessarily guaranteed. We we do have
some operational things that we just
talked about. We don't know how that's
going to shape up. I think we're
optimistic about that, but we should be
honest with ourselves and say, well,
there are some pathways where this takes
longer than we want it to. Also from the
regulatory standpoint, I think we're
saying, well, there's we see some some
pathways where this can work out
beautifully for Tesla. But I also just
throw out the idea that what happens if
we get federal autonomous regulation
that turns out to be an absolute mess
that it it just hamstrings Tesla in some
way. Again, there's no guarantee that we
get federal autonomous legislation that
is just perfect and unlocks everything
for Tesla. They they may throw some
roadblocks in there that that really
aren't that great that somehow delay a
massive scale of robo taxi. Th those are
scenarios that are possible. I'm not
saying that they're the most probable
scenarios, but they're possible. So, I
think when you're evaluating as a Tesla
shareholder what the upside of Tesla
might be in the near term because of
robo taxi, you do have to be honest with
yourself and say there are some other
other pathways here. Another thing that
I think that that I are I'm trying to
draw attention to is that as we know
Elon is capable of looking further out
than most of us, further out than his
competition and not only that but
positioning his companies in a way to
benefit from what's coming
and he is clearly saying with this terap
announcement that if we don't do
something we're not going to have enough
chips for robo taxi and particularly for
optimist. The industry is not
responding. The industry is not making
the investments that we need.
&gt;&gt; That's correct.
&gt;&gt; Where we think we're going to get get to
with our scaling plans.
&gt;&gt; Yep.
&gt;&gt; So, we have to take this responsibility
ourselves and build this tariff.
&gt;&gt; Yep.
&gt;&gt; And it's going to cost billions and
billions, hundreds of billions of
dollars. I don't think, and I think this
is important for Tesla shoulders to
hear, I don't think that necessarily
that that the stream of robo taxi
scaling and Tesla going up 5 10x on the
back of that necessarily is going to
happen the way that you might want it to
if Elon doesn't make progress on terap
because at some point roboaxi may scale
to a certain point and then we become
chip constrainted
and suddenly Wall Street's going to look
at that and say why would I assign high
P on PE on this business. Now you're
constrained,
right? This business is not worth as
much as we hoped it would because now
you can't scale the way you wanted to.
By the way, you should have built that
semiconductor fab 5 years ago when you
had the chance and you didn't. And so
one of my concerns I'm just trying to
voice and get out there is that it may
not be a bad idea for Tesla investors to
take a step back and say, "Okay, I know
you want short-term results. We all do.
But how do we position this company
ultimately for the little bit longer
term? And some people characterize it
and say, "Well, I'm not here for the
next 30, 50 years. I want results in the
next five or 10." Well, I think we're
talking about that kind of time frame,
five or 10 years.
&gt;&gt; Those are the long-term
&gt;&gt; some of the issues as it relates to this
whole discussion. And the reality is we
don't know any details about a merger
yet because it hasn't been announced.
And so there are people out there
saying, "I'm against a merger until this
happens. I'm against a merger until
Tesla stock goes up to 2500 a share."
That's fine. But you also need to take
into account what happens to SpaceX
stock at that time, too. It's not just a
matter of Tesla performing and getting
to a certain point. SpaceX is not
standing still either.
Now, SpaceX is an entirely another
discussion. And I find in my
conversations with a lot of Tesla
investors is some of them have a great
understanding of SpaceX and some of them
have a lesser understanding of SpaceX.
And that all gets sort of confused in
the conversation, the narratives around
SpaceX about how risky it might be or
how close they are to ramping up their
revenues.
And we just saw yesterday's announcement
with Anthropic that they just added a
bunch of revenue to the company
overnight.
Um, wouldn't that be nice if Tesla could
also find a way to do that? Well, they
can if they ramp up robo taxi.
&gt;&gt; Anyway, there's a lot of different
crossurrens there.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; And the role that I'm trying to play and
and I'm not sure I'm successfully doing
this or not because people like to kind
of put you in a box. I've actually been
called a Tesla bear now by some people,
&gt;&gt; which I find quite humorous because I'm
pretty I'm probably one of the more
bullish folks out there long term on on
Tesla's prospects. I mean, you moved to
Austin for God's sakes.
&gt;&gt; That's right. That's right. But I do
think there are a lot of considerations
here and and I think it's important too
to hold two different thoughts in your
mind that are conflicting. I do think
that there's this beautiful future for
Tesla, but I also see some possibilities
for some things to go wrong and maybe in
a terrible way and maybe maybe the
merger if Elon decides he wants to go
down this path and if he can sell it to
Tesla shareholders
just maybe that's the pathway that that
is that is best for Tesla shareholders.
Again, there's too many unknowns here to
to make any definitive statements about
all this.
Uh I'll just leave it there. There's
there's a lot more little nuances, but
it's it's a very uh healthy and heated
debate at this point.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. I don't think there's one set of
answers uh to this and nor are we
speaking to one uh you know un
unilateral set of people. I think
everybody has different goals. Everybody
has different time horizons. I love the
comments on these videos. When the stock
is up that particular day all of a
sudden like we're looking good, we're
great to hear. were great. Uh, were
funny and and then all of a sudden the
stock's down. You know, somebody says
something some of the worst things about
it in the comments. Uh, and I just think
people should uh understand that they
all have individual goals and that we
don't know them or we don't understand
them. And I'm certainly not here to tell
you when or how to to buy or to not buy.
We talk about the company, what the
progress is, what the challenges are,
and these two companies coming together
is obviously could be if that happens,
it could be a very big deal. I think
CERN laid out a couple of really good
examples of things that could go right
and things that could go wrong. And I
think it's fair to say sometimes we
could spend even more time talking about
things that could go wrong or not go the
right way. And the I think the more
things and the more untested and untried
things in the industry that Elon and his
companies go after, the higher
probability of the unknown or something
unexpected actually happening. He's not
going he's not just trying to build EVs
anymore like some of these other
companies or he's not just trying to get
a huristic coded um HDmapped
robo taxi pony AI service up going in
some city he's trying to do something at
a scale whether it's SpaceX whether it's
silicon and terraab whether it's Tesla
and energy and EV and compute he's
trying to do things at a scale that's
not been seen before and a cost
structure that hasn't been seen before.
And we haven't even started talking
about optimis. So I would say CERN's
message about
expect the unexpected and don't
necessarily think you have this whole
thing gamed out in your head. Well, I
don't want it I don't want this to
happen until this, this, and this. I I I
would say continue to be on, you know,
the edge of your seat and on your toes
on this because things could change uh
pretty quickly. Uh but I what what is
nice to see is you look at these
industries, you look at what Elon
setting up, you look at, okay, where's
number two? Where's the where's number
three in what he's doing? and it's
beginning to be more and more difficult
to see who are those well-rounded
competitors. So, that's the other thing
to keep in mind. I I So, the way I would
frame all this up is expect the
unexpected. Uh be humble and and listen
to to multiple sides. I I just don't
think it's necessarily going to go one
way and it's going to be perfect. I
think it's going to be very difficult to
predict uh timing outcomes and
perceptions of how this is perceived by
the market. I just think it's going to
be very difficult to do like and it's
and it's going to be very humbling. So,
be humble.
&gt;&gt; You know, this is a big debate that's
happening right now and I I think it's a
good thing that we're having a debate.
Uh I know that people are saying we
don't know enough about this. That is
absolutely true. We don't know if the
SpaceX is Tesla's going to merge but uh
it looks like from a lot of breadcrumbs
that this is a possibility. Um in fact
what is the you know poly market
probability it's well over 50 70% chance
it's closer to 70% chance it's going to
happen at this point now because it's
might happen we as Tesla shareholders
should study it and try to understand it
best and that's what I'm trying to do
like I brought in uh Aaron Bernett and
there Goldberg and they showed me the
SpaceX business model from their
perspective
&gt;&gt; and what they're pitching is what
they're saying is that Starlink as a
business is equivalent to robo taxi in
the same time frames and you know that
so you you guys should watch that show
and drill in and find out whether or not
you think it's true or not but that's
what they're trying to educate the Tesla
investors is that well you you think
that robo taxi is about to go and you
know triple the stock but you're you're
underount counting how what's starlink
which is an existing business you don't
need to wait for moonbased cities or AI
data centers And then they say that AI
data centers is equivalent in TAM as
robots. So from their perspective, it
truly is a merger of vehicle. Again,
drill in, try to understand it, debate
whether or not you agree or not, but
that is their positioning and that's
what they're presenting. And I think
today Kathy Wood and Elon Musk um kind
of supported is it didn't didn't she
post something today that said something
like the Starlink opportunity is a
couple hundred billion dollars or
something ridiculous like that like it's
bigger than people have realized.
&gt;&gt; It's a big opportunity. And here's
another way to kind of think about it.
Like a lot of the responses I get was,
"Well, it's clear that that uh SpaceX
SpaceX needs Tesla,
but it's not clear that Tesla needs
SpaceX." And so I thought about that for
a while, but if you really think about
it, okay, so off off of their IPO,
they're going to come away with a bunch
of capital. So they've got some cash. So
if you need to build a terrab, SpaceX is
going to have some capital to do it. So
that's useful.
Starlink. We need that to connect cars,
semi robots. So, there's a there's
something that Tesla needs. Um, Grock is
probably going to be the interface for
Robbo taxi at some point where you can
just talk to the car. Grock is going to
be the voice of Optimus.
So, we need Grock Xai for that. Uh,
orbital data centers at some point. Uh,
compute's going to be constrained on on
Earth. And so Tesla will need, you know,
uh uh you know, Cortex 7 in space or
whatever it is at that point, right? Um
and then of course the semiconductors uh
they they need terap to be built so that
Tesla can scale unconstrained. So my my
point is what portion of robo taxi
revenue is going to SpaceX anyway? What
portion of Optimus revenue is going to
SpaceX? It it's not as though if you
don't do a merger with SpaceX that Tesla
gets to keep all this revenue and
they're not sharing it with somebody.
They're sharing it with SpaceX anyway.
&gt;&gt; They'd have to buy it. They'd have to
pay a margin on top of whatever they're
offering. That's what you were saying.
That's actually makes sense.
&gt;&gt; Well, not even just a margin, just I
mean it has to has to be a fair dealing
between the two companies. And and
that's a whole another issue in terms of
how does that gum up the works if you've
got independent directors figuring out
all the time and all these things you
know whether these this is fair for both
sets of shareholders. But my point is
just from an economic perspective you
know pick your poison. You can either
have delilution now or you can have you
know what you might call economic
leakage to SpaceX forever. What's worse?
I don't have the answer. I'm not pushing
an agenda here. I'm just trying to get
Tesla shareholders to be aware of this
issue and for them to think about it. Um
that that's my only only goal here. And
it may seem like I'm pushing for a
merger. And you know, a lot of people
have accused me of saying, "Well, you
must have so much more in SpaceX stock
than Tesla." That is not true. I I have
20x the amount of Tesla than I do SpaceX
exposure. But again, I'm capable of
having two opposing thoughts in my mind
at the same time and trying to work
through them. And I think this is one of
those things where it's important for
all Tesla investors to think about all
the different layers here. Uh it is it
is not clear at this point.
&gt;&gt; What's super interesting is I I support
a healthy debate, but I also think right
now it's sort of a low data debate. Like
we don't even know what the proposal
would be and we haven't even heard a
word that Elon even wants to do this. Um
obviously we don't expect to hear a lot
while he's being quiet during this
period with with SpaceX. The second
thing is that I think that for a Tesla
investor, you know, this, as you said,
in a way gives you more shots on goal.
There's some really big things happening
at SpaceX and I think a lot of the Tesla
investors really aren't aware of those
things. And I'm trying to do my best
because I'm quite into the SpaceX side
myself. Uh, and you know, article I
wrote on teraspace. I'm trying to
explain what is the big opportunity here
for SpaceX and and obviously
um you know I saw one of the things that
I saw was the the absolute unbelievable
necessity for Terraab like how are we
even this far behind because if you just
look at chip supply for Optimus and robo
taxi alone we're in a constrained
potential environment coming in I'd say
five
So, you know, uh we need we need
something like Terraab to bring that
online. The other suppliers are not
going to be able to meet that as far as
as far as I know. And it's kind of cool
that we're getting some capital from
this potential SpaceX IPO, which in some
ways for the Tesla investor, they should
cheer that too because that's the
cheapest capital you can raise, I think,
to to finance something like this. Um,
so you know, my thoughts are go ahead
and have the debate, but at least have
it be an informed debate. Go ahead and
research the information. Uh, and and
you know, don't feel as though
necessarily that it's a foregone
conclusion that merging these companies
is a bad thing. I mean, the other thing
that that ultimately ultimately
downstream the reality is that in a
sense these are Elon, right? This is the
mind of Elon. he has got a game he wants
to play. I have to support his game. If
I don't want to support the Elon game,
then I need to get away from being
involved in Elon companies because I
think in a way I mean again he has to
pitch this he has to make the sale. But
at the end of the day, if he sees the
convergence as so strong and that it is
too difficult for him to want to
continue to maintain these things as
separate entities, then I'm going to
support him as a shareholder of either
of these because ultimately I just see
it as he's going to run this game. You
know,
&gt;&gt; you know, it's interesting just picking
up and this would be really quick on the
the low data comment from Phil and then
all the examples from CERN about how
these companies are working with each
other. the the one example, the comical
example that that wasn't brought up, but
literally garnered maybe 50 articles in
media was SpaceX buying Cybert trucks
and XAI and SpaceX from Tesla. And
that dominated the media space. And what
didn't dominate the media space is this
more enriching conversation about what
could happen, why it's important to be
humble, what are the different scenarios
around this. And it's a very low
information society out there in media.
You look at the articles from Phil, you
look at the articles from CERN,
Alexandra, Larry Goldberg, there's been
some really good writing. And then on
your channel, Herbert, there's a real
convergence of coverage of this that you
just you can't it's not on fintech, it's
not anywhere else. So, I would continue
to look to, you know, you can you can
find and use information from anywhere,
any source you want. But in terms of
really getting into deep conversations
of these scenarios and what could
happen, it it's been here and it's been
a a small group of people. If you have
other opinions, you should write about
them and post them and debate them in in
a kind of an open atmosphere versus uh
you know, I just I see some of the
commentary on this and some of it's
devol you know, going in different
directions just I would say it's debate
the ideas and and and where this could
go and not enough conversation of maybe
what could go wrong or why you should be
uh prepared and but a lot of things
could also go right at the same time.
But again, a lot of this conversation is
happening here and just and and from the
writings of a very small group of people
that I appreciate.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Thank you. Uh I think I need to do
a show dedicated to this debate between
SpaceX and Tesla, whether it's good for
Tesla investors or not and invite some
of the people who have different
opinions and I think that's what we're
missing right now. But we needed to
address it because that seems to be a
big topic. Uh the other one that seems
it's smaller topic. It's but it's kind
of um coming up a little bit is Optimus.
Uh what is going on with Optimus
humanoid bot we've seen figure report
factory now and same with the 1X they
came out and they showed their that they
have a factory as well. And then you've
got Tesla's Optimus is quiet and Elon
came out saying, "Well, we're converting
the Fremont factory and I don't know how
many are going to be made by the end of
this year and we want to keep it quiet
because if we show the do the reveal too
soon, competitors will copy it." And uh
but others are taking that going,
there's that sounds like a real huge
delay that he's covering up. Uh but
let's start off with just what's the
state of the optima the human or robot
uh situation right now market uh what do
you what do you think Jeeoff
&gt;&gt; yeah well what we've seen let's talk
about what's knowable what's knowable is
Tesla has pivoted their information flow
on Optimus so they've made a conscious
decision of we are not going to do short
demo videos on YouTube and X anymore we
are not going to show at these various
events where Optimus is out the latest
version of Optimus and we we will
display it and show it when we're ready
to put it in production and that's been
a decision by the company. It's iterated
over time. There was a promise to show
it in Q1 and Elon said look not only is
it we don't think it's ready. It's not
doing enough of the use cases we want
bringing up the new bot. Uh and we also
just we don't want to show it because
people copy our stuff frame by frame. So
know that Tesla's made a different
decision. Now we can get into conspiracy
mode in a minute about what's happening
because there have been promises in this
space from multiple vendors. So we've
seen now figure is is showing off more
of the labs more of the factory more
they're talking about pre-production
volumes of bots which I in my career
have always stayed away from going
through pre-production volumes because I
don't know are these things spec
compliant. I don't know how many were
started to make the the one a day or the
one. Some of the rates I'm hearing, I
don't know how many starts are involved
in terms of how much material is being
input to the line to produce one good
bot. Again, I don't know if they're spec
compliant. And to me, what would be more
interesting is if I were going in and I
were evaluating these companies, knowing
my history of of going through the
smartphone ramp from going from 100,000
units to a million to the first 10
million, 100 million, and then billion.
And knowing what that progression was
like in the supply chain to capitalize
that and to actually bring up that
supply base, be able to to do that uh
that order of magnitude jump. It took us
5 years in smartphone world to go from a
a few million a year to a billion with a
B. And
there's some numbers being thrown around
with with the humanoid uh um bot world
about needing to do that in potentially
even faster time. What what I would love
to deconstruct in here in talking with
these companies is is how are they
thinking about it in terms of the supply
base of the parts you don't make because
I think there's some false I don't know
if false but there's just there's this
thinking out there that they think some
of these companies are making all the
parts to make the bot and it's just
that's just not going to be the case.
There are a set of constrained items
that are out there in the industry.
They're constrained by region. They're
constrained by supplier. this gets
really complicated, especially what's
going on with what what with with what's
going on with trade. So, I think I think
there's a lot of information out there
about what the competitors are doing.
They're still willing to show things,
but the mystery for me is what's going
on behind that factory. How fast is that
line really running in terms of input to
output? And are they really ready for
scale? and how much do they actually
want to build on the current version of
the bot that they're showing and what
those plans are because they're all
designing the next version uh of the
bot. And I think the answer is is some
of these companies don't know the
answer. So they want to come on these
videos, sound confident, show you a
factory, show you show them walking in
distribution, show a number of things.
And that's actually what they're showing
is compelling. But if you've been in
this industry and you've been behind
those doors, you understand what's
happening. There's a lot more questions
you would have and they're not wonky.
They're there. They they could be uh you
know business case changing. They could
be industry changing in terms of have
the thing have these things actually
been thought through. I don't think the
supply chain is ready for mass ramp. And
what you will see happen is you will
hear and see that China's building a
bunch of humanoids. They're they may go
a factor of 10 faster in terms of bot
deployment. But the question is is what
is the net resultant functionality of
what they make and its usefulness versus
the ones that are that may look appear
to be slower off the block. So I think
this could be its own show.
Uh I when I think of Tesla and I think
of what they're doing, I trust that they
understand the process from going from
prototyping to production, from going to
production unit one to a million and a
million to much higher. I would trust
that they understand this better than
some of these other companies that have
scooped up a bunch of people from a
bunch of different c companies and are
right now have to create their own
culture and scale up a brand new
industry. I would trust what Tesla's
doing. But like I said, it doesn't mean
that there's some delays. It doesn't
mean that there's not any issues that's
going on Tesla side. If they were ready
with the demo in March, they would have
they would have done the demo in March.
But I don't know if the demo is an
objective milestone
uh or not. So these are all fair
questions.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, very important information. Thank
you, Jeeoff. Your background really is
helpful here. Um put everything in
perspective. So if we see a video, yeah,
you got to think about the supply chain.
But still, there's many uh who are
questioning whether or not Tesla is
delayed or not delayed.
&gt;&gt; Um yeah, you don't think so, Phil?
&gt;&gt; Well, no. I think Jeff said two really
important things. I mean, I think he
started off with uh or I guess how he
ended this with the idea that these
other companies are kind of cobbling
together teams that have never worked
together to manufacture pretty much
anything together as a team is really a
setoff difference here. And I think the
other thing is that the way Jeff started
this is saying that look, it's clear
that Tesla has changed its
communications policy here towards
Optimus in terms of how it's going to
give us information.
And I've said to many people, I'm
totally comfortable with that. I don't
really want to know about what they're
doing dayto-day. I don't want them to
show off their product to the
competitors on a constant recurring
basis. So I either trust them or I
don't. But you know what? what am I
going to measure by some demo that comes
from them? And so I don't need to see
it. You know, I'm sort of I guess maybe
I'm a little bit uh conditioned by my
Apple experience, which is you don't see
a product until it's announced and then
you see it available for order. Uh here
Tesla's been pushing this thing out for
years. And frankly, there would be no I
I think there'd be a very small humanoid
bot industry if it wasn't for Tesla
talking about Optimus two years ago and
sticking prototypes in all its stores.
So, I'm comfortable with it and yes,
they've changed their opinion uh that
their their communications path and yes,
they made a promise that they would have
done something in March or April and
they broke that promise. So be it. So be
it. I
&gt;&gt; I think you can have both two opinions
at the same time and one is I I do think
that Tesla is absolutely delayed.
There's no debating for that. Yeah,
&gt;&gt; they they were delayed because they were
going to say that they had 5,000 bots
and of course that didn't happen. Why?
because they had to create a whole new
supply chain for the actuator
themselves. All these uh critical parts
that they had to work and build
themselves. Now they're delayed because
they were going to go and promise they
were going to do the reveal and Elon
said it's not ready. I can't show it to
you yet cuz it's not doing something
perfectly right.
&gt;&gt; Um they're absolutely delayed. But on
the other side, my counter to those
people is well take a look where the
money is being spent. They are actually
spending a lot of money converting the
Fremont factory to an Optimus factory.
They're convert that. You can watch the
the spend that they're doing on Giga
Texas or the the lot of plot of land
there. That's real money being put into
place.
&gt;&gt; That is a 10 million per year line. Uh
if they were delayed, you know what Elon
would do like he did with Giga Mexico.
They'll push it off. I'm not going to
spend the money this year. I'll spend it
next year when we're near about near
closer to it. So that shows me that
they're delayed now short-term, but
they're going to try to catch up and
they still feel probably confident that
they will do that. And I think both is
right at the same time.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. I don't know. I don't know if the
right term is catch up. I mean, I think
you're I think you are right that they
are delayed in some way, but
&gt;&gt; you know, delayed on what? Delayed on
their initial optimism that didn't come
to bear. Okay, so be it. You know, I
mean, it's like, do I want them to do it
right? Yeah. Do I want them to talk
about it every day? I don't need that. I
don't need that. Uh maybe other people
need that to see progress because I
don't know why other people think that
they're such a great evaluators of
progress in the first place. They look
at some demo that somebody does and then
therefore they know how the entire
training pipeline is working and how all
the skills are coming together and
whether or not this has been integrated
and whether or not they have the um you
know the processing headroom. I also
think another another real reality of
this product is that and I've said this
before is that it needs AI5 and it is
not going into any kind of production
until AI5 is available to it.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, that's a good point. You know,
Boston Dynamics just dropped an
incredible demo of its brand new bot.
Incredible. I don't know if you guys saw
it. This thing can do it looks looks
refined. It's still kind of clunky, but
it can do all sorts of flips and all
that. Fantastic. This is no longer the
pneumatic tube. This is pneumatic
version. And this is now the electronic
version. But then at the same time, what
did they do? They fired their entire
executive team because Hyundai is
saying, "Hey, we need to actually have
this working in our thing now." And they
weren't confident their team was able to
do it. So you can see that there's real
problems of actual supply chain, actual
building the right bot, but they can do
great demo. So you just have to like
read into it a little
&gt;&gt; Dynamics has been around for
&gt;&gt; watching the video.
&gt;&gt; How long has been Boston Dynamics? 20
years been
&gt;&gt; 20 years. Yeah. And they've never really
put any product into mass market. Not
once.
&gt;&gt; Well, what happened was, you know, we
all saw the original Boston dynamics and
guess what? Who guess who owned this?
&gt;&gt; Google de mind. And then Sergey Brin
actually p pushed the CEO and the CEO
was being interviewed and he said, "Can
you make this thing into a sellable
product that actually, you know, we can
actually sell?" He goes, "It's
impossible. This is not built to become
a product that you, it's pneumatic, so
if you come even close to it, it'll kill
you, right? And it's all coded. This is
all just demo for research and to proof
of concept and that's why Google deep
mind sold Boston dynamics to Hyundai and
then they had to catch up with their but
the CEO himself out out basically said
this was never intended to be other than
just a demo video and yet what do we
hear all the consumers watch that video
going they've been doing this for
decades they're so far ahead of everyone
else
&gt;&gt; decades with no product in the market
&gt;&gt; because yeah it was never designed for
that it was for demo yeah research I'm
sorry. I'm very negative on that
company. I feel like they're just a
science project company.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. I mean, again, you take a look at
their new bot. It is now electronic and
it's looking like it can have some play.
They're owned by Hyundai now, right?
Right. So, Hyundai is a real car company
that they can really make this work.
They know how to manufacture. So, this
is just another one. I wouldn't call
them throw them out yet. Not quite
ready.
&gt;&gt; The only thing I would add to this
conversation, Herbert, is I I agree with
what Phil said. I think it's smart for
Tesla to kind of keep this under wraps.
That said, if I add on another layer of
just, you know, personal interest and
how the humanoid robot is going to
change the world, I would like to see
Tesla do what SpaceX is doing right now
with the videos that they're putting
out. And just, you know, you have to be
careful, I guess, what you show. And
SpaceX is showing what they want to
show. They don't show the manufacturing
process for Starship, but the videos are
just inspirational. They're educational
&gt;&gt; and you get to kind of see some of the
behind the scenes.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; Some of the trials and tribulations of
what the team's going through and in the
case of SpaceX, you know, explosions and
stuff, you know, going everywhere. To
me, Optimus and also Roboaxi has this
opportunity to inspire people and of
course Tesla's always looking to hire
into their team. So, these videos are
perfect from that perspective, too.
Right.
&gt;&gt; By the way, I think that is absolutely
&gt;&gt; right on at the right time.
&gt;&gt; You know what I mean? It's like,
&gt;&gt; yeah.
&gt;&gt; Uh Tesla needs to be way more
promotional in a much more,
you know, deliberate and cinemagraphic
kind of way than just sort of this
onesie twoosy. You know, somebody visits
the Optimus and they put out some random
video that Elon thinks, hey, that's
cool. Share it. Um, I mean, I think they
should take a page from the SpaceX side
and do something more production when
they're ready, when they're ready.
&gt;&gt; You know, I just leave it with some
inside
baseball on this. And I had a career,
one of the things I did in my career was
develop these internal phase gate
processes that are used to develop
phones. And what was funny is is you'd
have people that would even internal to
companies, they would try to like do a
demo, try to like not fake out, but kind
of like say like, "Hey, this could be
really cool. We think we can ship it on
this date." And you'd even have this
kind of like that what you see happening
right now with with humanoids of people
like doing these demos and trying to
like show you they're really ready and
kind of, you know, briskly walking
through the window tour of a factory.
But I would sit this this actually
happens inside of companies too where
where you kind of I don't know if
they're saying they're trying to like
trick the executive team to getting
funding, but kind of like saying like,
"Hey, we can do this really cool
product. We should fund it." The
executive team's like, "Great. When can
you ship it?" And you're always trying
to give some sort of aggressive date.
And what I would do is I would sit back
because I've been through these cycles
like so many times. And I would ask two
questions. And these are the two
questions you can't fake out which is
when are you going to release your
production tools for the design and when
are you going to produce the first if
the if if there is a million units in
the plan like when are you going to
produce the first million or you pick
some number the first 100k and because
all the gates all the promises all the
demos everything that happens in the
middle those are squishy those can move
around even your ship acceptance date
your start of production date your your
People go have a party, start a
production. People go have a party uh
with a ship acceptance date. What you
can't party and you can't fake out is
when are the first 100,000 units on the
shelf available for consumers. When are
the first million? And those are the
dates that I think really matter in the
bot world because if you're not at scale
and you're not you don't have a useful
bot at scale that people want to buy and
pull off the shelves and it's not
available for them then none of the
other demos none of the other things
actually matter as much. So that's what
I like to keep in mind. I think Tesla
has the best opportunity to put product
at scale that people actually want to
buy and pull off the shelf. We'll see.
&gt;&gt; All right. Thank you all. What a power
panel we had. Everybody here has
tremendous experience. Really appreciate
you sharing that with the audience. We
covered a lot of controversial topics
too. So that was fun. Uh thank you
everybody. We'll see you soon. Bye.
&gt;&gt; All right. Thanks Herbert.
&gt;&gt; Thanks.
&gt;&gt; I've created a website that is the most
comprehensive resource for the Tesla
investor. Please check it out. Simply go
to my website at herbertalm.com.