Channel:     jobhakdi
Title:       LIVE: Nvidia Earnings, Tesla Stock Recovery And What Happens NEXT In The Market
URL:         https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9NbkAxdRv9M
Published:   2026-05-20 20:31 UTC
Fetched:     2026-05-21 07:00 UTC

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

we have to take a deeper look at and the
first topic of course is when we look at
the world stage here we are going to get
to Tesla but we have to start of course
with Nvidia Nvidia today reported
earnings and it's kind of an interesting
game with Nvidia these days when you
look at what's actually happening Nvidia
is in the situation that it's absolutely
killing it everyone knows it's killing
Everyone knows it's at the center at the
eye of the storm. The AGI transformation
that is changing the world as we know
it. The economy, Silicon Valley, Wall
Street trading, but also the economy at
large, white collar, you know the whole
thing. And you know that we here at
Pioneer Lands believe that we actually
reached economic AGI as we speak. And
that means all jobs will be replaced
very soon. all white collar jobs much
sooner than people think. There will be
infinite demand for intelligence, for
agentic intelligence, for tokens. And
the man in the middle of that entire
storm is Yensen Huang. This man, the
Superman of AGI. And what does it mean
for Nvidia and the earnings? It puts us
in a very interesting position. The
entire world is watching Nvidia
earnings. Nvidia earnings have the
potential to absolutely crash the
market. If you would see any hiccup on
Nvidia earnings, the world is staring at
it. The entire GDP growth, the entire
economic growth of the United States and
the Fed, basically the entire world is
hinging on the continued buildout and
expansion of AGI
and Nvidia is the centerpiece of this
whole thing. So if Nvidia has a hiccup,
we are going down so hard you have no
idea. But at the same time, everyone who
knows anything, everyone who works on
agents, I'm rebuilding Pioneer Lens by
the way with Agenda. Look at this. We we
have Pioneer Lens daily now. This is the
best thing ever. It improves every day.
We are building the world's best, it's
not even close, best news analysis and
research site. And it's great. It's
basically the outlet of the Pioneer
Academy. But enough of us for now. All
of that is only possible because of LLM,
of Agentic, of OpenClaw, and because of
Nvidia. So anyone who works on this kind
of stuff knows that this man has the
future in his hands and that of course
Nvidia is not going to disappoint. So we
all knew that Nvidia is going to again
beat everything completely wins is
invincible.
We know that there is no one who thought
Nvidia is going to miss. And of course,
I didn't even dig through all the
numbers because it's very news just out.
But it's clear they beat on all fronts
again. They're winning all over the
place. They're expanding their outlooks.
What will the stock do? Of course, no
one knows. But if expectations are
skyhigh,
you know, they are skyhigh and everyone
expects that they're super high
expectations will even be beat. And then
everyone knows it's also going to
happen. What happens to the stock? I
predicted it again with Nvidia, but I'm
not playing it. I just hold a bunch of
Nvidia. Of course, nothing happens.
Okay, that's the secret here.
Everyone expects Nvidia to perform like
crazy, to be like the absolute god of
growth on the most massive stockpile of
chips and margin. And when you have that
high of expectations, you can only go
down
or stay stable if you completely blow it
out. Blow it out of the water. And it's
very clear that they will blow it out of
the water. And they did it again. So
that's exactly what's happening to the
stock. Nothing. Okay. Nothing. Because
that thing is now worth how much is it?
5.4 trillion. It's going to go to six
trillion in no time. Everyone knows it.
It's being driven higher. But there is
no news here, no information other than
and that is the important news we are
absolutely killing it on all fronts. So
for the stock not too exciting but it is
a very important data point for the
market and for that also for the other
Mac 7 for the entire US economy for the
stock market and of course for Tesla too
by Nvidia delivering again along all
expectations exactly what everyone
thought they're just doing it again. I
don't want to go into how insane that is
and how much that team is absolutely
killing it but it's just happening. So I
see it as not a surprise, fully
expected, however, still very important
because it validates the core thesis
that we have reached the singularity,
that we are firing on all cylinders
despite being super high with the
market, right? We have all-time highs.
The NASDAQ is going through the roof.
But look at this crazy thing since Iran
stopped more or less. We'll get to Iran
in a second.
But the world knows, okay, what are we
going to do? We are on a massive growth
trajectory and you see here my favorite
long-term chart 5 years we are basically
exactly on that track and now a little
above even the trend line since 2023
since AI came
to the world stage since then we are
just going up at that rate now we are
accelerating a little bit if you draw
draw this line but I think it's actually
justified it's very different from the
you know com bubble it's different from
all kinds of bubbles before Because if
you make insane amounts of money, if
revenue goes through the roof, if
margins go through the roof, it's not a
bubble. A bubble by definition is the
disconnect between stock prices, equity
prices, and the underlying fundamentals.
Here we see the reverse. Stock prices
are kind of lagging the underlying
fundamentals. So that's the crazy thing.
If anything, we are in a fundamentals
bubble, which is a new concept. It's
called hyperrowth.
But when you understand why we have
hyperrowth, what these agents actually
do, we are literally building in
Pioneerlands a thing that will be 10
times better than the New York Times.
Whatever much much better you will see
very soon. Go to pioneerlands.org.
You can witness this now every day or
every second day. You will see massive
improvements. And when we are ready to
come out with our analysis and of course
the research it's like a blend between I
don't know Harvard Wall Street Journal
New York Times without the woke idiots
and on a massively higher quality level
but we are not that many people. Why can
we do it? Because of anthropic cla Open
claw and of course Yensen in the
background. So if we can do that other
people can do amazing things too. So
very exciting stuff. validation of the
uptrend and you see that the news is
also pretty positive on this whole
thing. Let's see what the latest here is
live ticker about Nvidia. So Nvidia
beats on revenue and guidance of course
adds $80 billion to buyback plan. So now
they're even buying back their shares
because they have so much cash that no
one knows anymore what they're even
going to do with it. They made 81
billion insane amounts of money. And
this is just absolutely crazy. Data
center revenue almost doubles.
Like let that sink in.
They are doubling that stuff again and
again and again and there's no end in
sight.
I'm sure they're working on orbital AI
of course with SpaceX. We will get to
this also in a second. And so this is
all very interesting.
Okay. Now let's take a look at Tesla,
our number two topic. We are doing it
quickly today. Let's go to Tesla. You
know that I got completely creamed on
Friday. I had the run of
a 12 months kind of, you know, iconic
run when I bet on Tesla going up in no
time back to 400. So I made an absolute
killing here. I still am big fat in the
green, but I'm not going to lie, on
Friday I got badly badly creamed. I was
completely leveraged into Tesla, which
was a little bit of a a tiny little bit
of a mistake. Not in hindsight, but when
I did it, in my opinion, I got
distracted by the rebuild of Pioneer
Lands. Got so excited I lost track of
macro a little bit, but also of the
technicals of Tesla. I was back in the
saddle day later on Monday. I was able
to get a handle of it. But on Friday, I
got absolutely creamed. That was not
good. But now we are fully back. And
that that happens sometimes. It's not a
disaster, but it's pretty bad. So Tesla
fell, of course, way too much. It fell
from 445
hot to 395
within two days. Brutal. Absolutely
brutal. And today started a pretty steep
recovery. We're up 3.25%.
I had some short calls in between. So I
hope we are not going too crazy. I I I'm
all for consolidating here for a day or
something and then we continue probably
the way up. But to actually have a good
outlook on Tesla, Nvidia was the first
proof point. But I had absolutely no
doubt that Nvidia is going to kill it
again. Validating the market. that risk
is taken out and it gives us also a
strategic boost for the market that the
market understands okay this quarterly
checkpoint on the larger AGI thesis
which is Nvidia earnings has been again
successfully taken and we know okay we
are still on track we are exploding in
growth and if Nvidia is exploding in
growth we understand the entire world is
exploding in AGI growth that is why
these Nvidia earnings are so important
and that gives us a nice tailwind for
the NASDAQ for the Max 7 and for all the
companies that are affected by this.
So my take on Tesla is we definitely got
heart rejected multiple times at the 450
range some something between four like
let's say 445 rejected twice and then
boom fell back hard on a technical level
we are still totally intact on upwards
trend but it seems like this 450
situation is a little tough to crack but
it's not just Tesla technicals we are
dealing with here we are also dealing
with macro because when that happened
this rejection which was probably
technical but this big slide that also
had to do with the greater macro
situation and we have to go back here to
CNBC
or as Steven Mryan says CNBS
we see of course oil was spiking and is
now dropping but oil was in a bad
situation on Monday today in a much
better situation that's why the market
is up 1.5%. % when we go back on here.
You see that oil was absolutely
not in a good spot. So it went up like
crazy here. You see that spike? That is
when Tesla started dropping hard because
the market got jitters on Friday. Oil is
up too much on Friday, not today. Today
was good. Oil is up way too much and
yields, let's go to bond yields. The
bond yields also got absolutely
slaughtered. Again, today very good.
Today we had a huge relief in all these
metrics. I will get to it in a second
why. But on Friday, look at this. This
drove Tesla down. This was the problem.
So, we saw this here or this drove Tesla
down here. We saw this continuous
uptrend, very scary on the 15th
all the way to the 18th here. Why is it
so jumpy?
Um,
and so that was very, very concerning.
And then here we had the spike on the
19th. Look at this.
We were at 468.
Not good. And we were even higher
before. This chart is somehow broken.
Where is this? So, and the bottom line
is we had a tense situation where there
was a little bit of a scare and that's
what I'm telling everyone who's so Tesla
obsessed. It's very important to zoom
out sometimes or all the time every day
you stare at Tesla. Don't just stare at
Tesla the fundamentals. Don't just count
the robo taxis and don't [clears throat]
just look at the technical analysis.
Zoom out and ask yourself two questions.
First question is what is AI doing?
Because Tesla is an AI stock. What is
tech and max 7 doing because Tesla often
moves in sync and then take a additional
step back and look at the big macro
situation. What is Iran doing and
downstream? What are yields doing? Bond
yields when they are up stocks get
scared
for a very simple reason in case you
didn't know. If bond yields go up a lot,
if bonds fall and the yields go up
because you can buy these bonds at the
same yield per year now cheaper, which
means you get higher yield, if you get
higher yield, the incentive to take any
kind of risk in equities, especially in
in higher risk in growth equities like
Tesla goes down. If you get free 5% free
with treasuries, why buy stocks? You
just go leverage in the treasuries and
make 20% with no risk or little risk. So
that is why it's bad if these yields go
up. And of course if oil goes up, people
get very scared too.
And I explained that before. We are now
reaching the tail end of this Iran
conflict. Don't forget the straight of
Hormus is still closed and people are
very scared because if it stays closed
another two weeks roughly, we start to
hit long-term damage territory where it
gets very hard to recover from that for
the world economy because even if
there's peace and the states being
reopened, let's say in two months or in
one month, we will have long-term damage
that's not easily reversible that will
hit the entire economy guaranteed. So
that drags down then everything. Of
course, AGI is a counterweight
pulls us up and I think it overrides a
little oil price elevation. But of
course, let's not kid ourselves. Oil is
very important. Iran remains very
important and we have an additional tail
risk that is unclear if Trump starts
this whole thing again and then we are
in bad territory. Of course, Donald
Trump understands.
He's smart enough to understand it's a
very bad idea to escalate this again.
Iran can escalate against the US and of
course Iran can start bombing and
destroying all kinds of oil
infrastructure if they want to. We also
know more hardliners are now in charge
that are willing to fight. We also know
that you can't really defeat Iran. Not
everyone knows it, but I know that. I
think Trump knows it. So, this is kind
of the situation where most people,
including on Wall Street, as you can see
on the markets, are betting the same way
I'm betting that Trump is smart enough
to understand the situation. That
escalation is kind of absolutely off the
table because it would be absolute
suicide. But there's always a tail risk.
Who knows? And it seems also that Iran
has nothing against escalation at this
point. Of course, they're probably not
actively pushing for it, but they they
are not totally against it. they see
advantages in it. So it is a risky
situation. We just have a certain trust
me and I think most institutional
investors in Trump that he's not going
to do something stupid.
Now we are coming to kind of a close of
the conflict or a decision point because
we need to make this work now somehow.
And I think the market is still betting
on this being over. I'm betting on this
being over. But can I get scared? Can
everyone get scared? Yes. So, we have to
keep watching it and it's definitely not
something that will drag on forever. It
is something that will come to some
decision point. I'm a little concerned
about the long weekend. I'm a little
concerned to be fully leveraged in Tesla
right now. Even though I I think most
likely this is all fine. Most likely we
are going back to a positive market
situation. Most likely this was all just
a nice little breather. If you look at
all If you look at all the different
technicals here, the NASDAQ, you see
nice little breather, right? And now we
are up again here. And shortterm,
same thing, right? We went up like
crazy. Then we had these two very bad
days also on the NASDAQ. Totally
natural. This is a very healthy
breather.
And now we are, you know, potentially
going to rally again. Same with Tesla,
right? You go up like crazy. You take a
little bit of a big breather. Now we are
ready to rally up again to 450 and then
maybe this time break through and go to
my all-time highs that I predicted. I
think this is all completely intact. The
problem is that Friday's scare oil
prices exploding short-term yields
exploding. That is a warning shot that
this is not just a technical breather.
There is also fundamental fear here that
can be reignited at any point in time.
So the way I see it is I'm generally
bullish. I generally believe in my
thesis that we go back to the 445 level
and then we go back to 490 as I said and
that all of these little problems here
are in the grand scheme of things
seemingly just technical normal and
healthy retracements to breathe a little
bit to continue the rally. But and and
Nvidia is another proof point of that.
We are green. We are good. We can keep
going very nicely. But let's not forget
on Friday that scare was not a technical
scare. On Friday the scare was a
fundamental scare. So we should not
forget we are sitting on like a little
bit of a problematic situation. Iran
needs to be resolved. I just think it
will because the forcing functions on
Trump and also on Iran to be honest from
China from the China side are strong.
There are strong forcing functions on
the US little less strong but still
strong on Iran to put it to rest.
And not putting it to rest and
escalating would be really mad. And when
something is really mad and really bad
for Trump himself,
odds are he's not going to do it. But am
I totally sure? No. There is risk here.
So that is the situation. I am bullish
biased. I think we are ready to rally
again but we need to be a little
cautious and Friday and getting creamed
on Friday was a little bit of a warning.
So I think let's see what happens over
the long weekend. If we are fine I think
we go back to 445 but we can get
rejected again. I remember that the
typical Tesla behavior, we have to be
cautious. The higher we go, the weaker
the bull runs get and the more the
rejection happens unless we see a real
catalyst. So that's how we have to
position ourselves. So leverage a little
bit cautious and we go from there.
That is my quick take for today in the
middle of the week. Sometimes you have
to assess the situation. Let's see what
we have in the chat.
Oh, we're talking politics already in
the chat. Vance is a fraud. Well, we get
to this in a second.
Andrea says, "Hi, Joe first in the
chat." That's very nice. Hi, Andrea.
Palandrian, 85% revenue growth. PE
multiple dropped from 45 to exactly
absolutely crazy what happens to Nvidia.
85% revenue growth. PE is now at 34.
Unbelievable. 80% of the time Nvidia
sells off after earnings. Sure, there
will be. Sure. But sell off is like last
time was bigger than I thought. But if
it sells off, it's just a buying
opportunity. I mean, you can't just sell
the stock that is going through the roof
fundamentally.
Oh, of course, we have SpaceX
discussions here. I forgot to mention
that you guys have to watch it. I have
to sleep, but uh you guys have to watch
a very important thing. I will get to
this later. Let's get to it later.
First, do some chats. SpaceX is the big
day today. Very big day. V3 Starship
test launch unless they cancel it, but I
don't think so. So, that will be very
important. I will get to this later.
Ryard Sufal
says, "When will we see $500 Tesla?"
Well, I think once Roboaxi does
something and comes to life, which can
happen, I think any time now. It could
also take a little while. Uh, I think to
break 500 for good, we need to see some
robo taxi action.
Joe, why didn't you just roll for extra
premium and give the stock yourself some
room to recover back up? I don't
understand why you close them out.
Um,
that's a complicated question because I
have a lot of stuff going on. I roll all
the I'm roll all the time. Uh, I don't
care too much about the charges. I
always pay my fees on interactive
brokers.
Um,
what do we have here?
Think the yen carry trade is going to
unwind or is that just FUD? Well, that's
a good point. I think it inevitably is
going to unwind. The question is, is it
going to be a gradual unwind or is it
going to be a panic unwind? If it just
overtime unwinds, which it has to if you
look at the yields. So, yen carry trade
basically means the Japanese yields are
super low. goes to all the poor Japanese
people poor you know what I mean they're
very rich but they're poor because they
don't get yield they have to get it into
the United States and that was always a
stream of liquidity from Japan that is
unwinding because now the Japanese
yields are going up like crazy and that
will be withdrawn so I'm not too
concerned about that to be honest not
because it's not happening but because
it's so transparent that it will happen
gradually over time and has happened to
some extent so I don't think it's a
shock I think It's a constant drag on
liquidity
that I'm not too concerned about to be
honest.
Uh because shocks are the danger, not
something everyone knows about and that
is already happening.
Um
okay, where were we? Think Trump is an
immoral fool. Oh my god, now we get into
politics. I have to be cautious because
on both sides we have radical
proTrumpers and we have radical
anti-Trumpers. I tend to be, you know, I
want to be level-headed. I think Trump
is not a fool. Trump is very
intelligent.
Trump has issues. There's clearly
something weirdo going on with Iran. No
one can really explain it. Um, Trump is
just a puppet. I mean, I think he's not
a puppet. He has a lot of things going
on and he is a politician. He has to
listen to the forces who are pulling on
him, but he also understands the polls
and the interests of Americans and he
understands what's politically going on
and uh he is navigating it and that's
not easy.
I'm planning to sell my Nvidia for
SpaceX. Well, let's see. I think SpaceX
by definition will be totally overvalued
because it's so hot and I'm a big SpaceX
fan. But is the IPO a good deal? I just
don't think so.
Uh, okay. Trump not going to do anything
stupid. That's a dangerous. No, I truly
believe Trump is extremely uncraz.
Trump is very calculating and has a very
holistic understanding of the situation.
But of course, that doesn't mean he does
the right thing in, you know, from our
perspective.
But he's not a dummy and he's not crazy.
Um, Nvidia earnings call is live. Yes,
but we are not going to do that too
much.
Uh, then we have here political things.
And when or if Vance gains power, Trump
haters will say the same thing about
Vance.
Sure, Vance. Well, Vance is a whole
interesting story. If Friday is bad, I
agree. Are you considering closing
short-term bets, closing Thursdays? Yes,
I am really concerned about
I'm not betting on anything going down,
but if there's an Iran escalation, it
will happen over the weekend because we
have all these things running out. We
know Trump likes to do things over the
weekend. So, I'm a little concerned. I
will probably go a little take a little
margin off a little leverage off on
Thursday into close to not be too
exposed on Friday because
you know you know I think we in a
situation where Friday will be a fear
day because we have three days with no
control with that thing hanging over us
unless something big happens tomorrow.
So yes, taking the foot of the gas a
little bit on like tomorrow.
Um,
Nvidia has competition from Intel, AMD,
Google, Amazon and Cerebras.
That is correct. SpaceX has very little
competition.
Yes, I agree. But also Nvidia has
incredibly low valuation
uh and SpaceX incredibly high valuation.
So it's not just about who has
competition, who has not competition,
who's in better position fundamentally.
You also have to look at the price. And
SpaceX is like as hyped as it gets. So
with SpaceX, you have something, of
course, it's insanely bullish. And of
course, if you invest now and hold for 5
years, you probably make a ton of money.
But what are the odds you get SpaceX
cheaper than at IPO? I think 80% in the
next 12 months.
Not 100%. I might be the dummy, right?
Maybe it just goes up, but it's
incredibly unlikely.
Uh,
predicting stock prices is like
predicting winter storms. I never try to
predict winter storms. Probably hard.
Um,
I'm convinced Iran situation will
escalate, says Endo. Iran will pretty
much force Trump to attack them. Do you
expect a strong market reaction when the
bombing of Iran starts again?
I agree that Iran has a lot of
incentives to escalate or to make Trump
attack them, but Trump also has enormous
incentives not to attack them. And China
is putting pressure on Iran to not
escalate again. China does not want
that. So, China is the key influencer on
Iran in my opinion. Obviously,
um, of course, China might have some
interest in the US getting dragged into
this thing. Russia, too. So, it's a
little tricky, but I think China I think
if I look at the players, I think Putin
would love this war to escalate. Uh,
because it's extremely bad for United
States. Uh, not that Putin is a total US
hater, but I think, of course, why why
not if you're Putin? I think China, even
though they also want to see the US a
little weakened, they don't think like
that. They think more like don't destroy
our oil. So, I think China is a is
weighing against it. Putin may be a
little for it that Iran escalates, but
Trump definitely doesn't want an
escalation. So, uh I I think yeah,
objectively it's not unlikely that this
escalates again. Now, will that lead to
a total market crash? I don't know. It's
all about the feeling of the market.
Will the market believe oh god got this
gets dragged out and will oil actually
get destroyed infrastructure I think
then the market tanks yes
but if it's just an attack of the US we
have to see how much reaction how much
this escalates if it escalates into
destruction of infrastructure
then it gets very serious in my opinion
um okay
deari says Trump does the bidding of his
don donors like all politicians. That is
for sure. But he has different types of
donors. Don't forget that. And the
donors are not the only thing that
counts. Trump has to do the bidding of
all stakeholders.
Nvidia has competition. We had that. How
do you feel about using Echostar as a
proxy to participate in the Space X preo
runup?
I think this is all pretty much done. I
think we're a little late for these
games because I mean the IPO is here. So
I think trying to play this right now is
a little late.
I feel we are late to that game. So I
wouldn't I'm not playing much on SpaceX.
I'm analyzing it. I'm building
fundamental insight here because for me
it's a long game. I think once they are
public then it gets very interesting
because then we will absolutely cover
this and Tesla of course it will be have
a huge impact on Tesla obviously.
Uh, okay.
Wow, so many comments. We will get to
all of you guys
here. Just because the admin, the Trump
administration doesn't advertise
everything doesn't mean things aren't
happening. Very disciplined, rather
novel strategy these days. Sure. But
what does that mean?
maybe
uh but would be we have to predict if
this escalates again or not. I'm just
saying the incentives for deescalation
are extremely high.
Um my portfolio after the SpaceX era
will be Nvidia, Tesla and SpaceX. Well,
I will by the way I'm absolutely buying
some shares in the IPO but just for
tracking reasons. I I learned that I
need to own shares to really pay
attention, but I will not have any
significant position in SpaceX. I do not
think SpaceX is going to make me money
if I buy the IPO uh over a 3 to six
months period. I truly don't believe
that. But uh SpaceX is the most
interesting investment that I will watch
and when it gets cheap, I'm going to
load up on it.
Uh, Nvidia
doing its thing, going down. Should we
check on Nvidia here? Where is my Nvidia
chart? Where are we right now? After
uh
in after market is not
here. Let's see. Chick tick. Nvidia.
It's not going down. It's not going
down. It's flat.
Oh, no. It's little down. This is like
peanuts. Are you kidding me? I don't
care if this thing goes from 223 to even
210. Who even cares? This is like
completely marginal. That's, you know,
means basically nothing.
Uh, did we lose the screen share here?
What's happening?
Did we lose the screen share? Yeah,
screen share. Nvidia
here down 1%. Are you kidding me? Tesla
was down nearly 10% in like two days.
Um,
so I definitely don't care about that.
Okay, let's get back.
Let's get back to all the comments.
Cursor Starship.
Joe, do you struggle with the fact that
the goalpost keeps moving first?
The worst interface I have here with
these.
Don't know how to fix this.
Uh what's the goal post? Where's the
goalpost?
Was 20 million Teslas, then a giga
factory in Mexico. Now it's FSD robo
taxi. But it that doesn't go well. It's
but Optimus. Well, I think
I don't care about goalposts moving. I'm
interested in the future and I'm
interested in putting it on a timeline
and I'm interested in predicting when
things happen. I don't care about
goalposts because I'm not listening to
Elon what he says. I'm trying to predict
what happens. When I look at robo taxi,
when I look at all the signs, the odds
that something big happens this year is
very are very high. I had the
conversation with CERN. This is coming
up by the way. I had a great little
session with CERN. You probably saw CERN
Basher and me talking about SpaceX and
Tesla merger. We have another episode
coming where we talk about robo taxi I
think tomorrow. Uh and we discuss robo
taxi in depth. And then we have a third
episode coming with CERN and me about
micro strategy in Bitcoin. That's for
the Bitcoin lovers. This is a hot thing
that's probably coming on the weekend.
But first, CERN and I discuss robo taxi
and why it's interesting that Herbert
and CERN and me all came to the same
conclusion very independently. I did
with my model, CERN with his model and
Herbert in his mind. We all believe that
by end of this year, the odds are we
will have between 10 and 20,000 cyber
caps unsupervised. If that happens,
there's no gold post moving anymore.
Then we have the big breakthrough and
there are many reasons to believe that.
So you should watch that episode when it
comes out tomorrow.
So that's happening there. Uh do you
keep track of resistance and support
levels? Yes, but only as a side hobby.
So I'm like, yeah, I'm looking at the
charts, but I'm not like I think
technical analysts contribute to the
huristic and understanding, but you have
to be very cautious and you have to
always put into context with
fundamentals with robo taxi and maybe
even more important with macro. Okay, if
you would do technical analysis on Tesla
and the market in parallel, I think then
you have more information.
Um so I'm looking at it but more as a
side 10% 20% huristic feeder for me. So
I think it is it matters. Sometimes I
talk badly about the technical analysts
the tech the stock astrologologists as I
know uh call them jokingly but I think
they're doing a great job and I can
learn from it but you have to be
cautious.
It's a little bit like astrology, by the
way, because astrology, everyone makes
fun of it. But when I look at astrology,
well, some stuff is stupid, but when it
comes to your star signs and zodiacs,
there is something there. But do I
believe it? Of course, not really. But
it's a helpful, you know, it's like you
have it in the back of your brain. It
helps you to think about things and
helps you categorize. So that's a little
bit it's truly stock astrology
because it's overrated by those who
believe in it. But for those who just
hate it and think it's complete bogus,
it might not be complete bogus. And so
you have to learn how to use it. So I
think stock stock astrology is pretty
much what technical analysis is. And
that's both a good uh that's both a bad
and a good thing. That's how I see this
whole thing.
Um,
thanks for addressing my comment. Person
turquoise waving speech.
Of course, Ando. Uh, and Andrea says,
"If Starship version 3 goes well and
Iran clears uh cleared the Tesla most
probably all-time high." Yes, but that's
a big yes. I totally agree. But these
are two big ifs.
Uh, and Elon already hitched his, you
know, bets and he said, "Well, we have
10 Starships in production. It's
overrated." He already played down
tonight because he's very nervous.
Obviously, I would be very nervous. I
think it's incredibly important what
happens tonight on a tactical short-term
level.
It will totally impact the IPO. It will
totally impact SpaceX price because the
question if these things blow up or not
is actually incredibly important. I will
talk more about this over time. We work
on the financial models and the question
of these rockets blow up or not has a
direct impact on insurance even if it's
self-insured. And this insurance is
underrated. It basically triples the
costs of launch.
Basically 66% of launch costs are not
launch costs.
It's risk. If you have 90 million launch
costs, you probably have 200 million on
top of the 90 million for insurance.
Because if you blow up a rocket, you
have to pay for the whole thing.
Not just for the the rocket, but for the
cargo. That is the problem.
So, and how do you calculate the risk?
By looking how many blew up. So, if you
blow one up, it's not great.
It's actually bad.
Uh Joe, pull up the SpaceX S1. The
numbers are gross. Yeah, I understand.
This is all about the future. It's about
massive growth in Starink and it's about
orbital AI and I think people
underestimate orbital AI. I think it's
totally nuts what's going to happen.
Uh
wow, we have so many comments today.
What's going on?
I earned $15,000 of premium and two put
trades, 15 contracts at 410 and 440. An
average of 70 per share.
$70 per share. How did you do that?
It depends on your expiration. That's
not weekly.
So, if I were to take the assignment in
November, my basis would be 340. Yeah,
these are long-term. Yes, sure.
Um, highly unlikely to be that price in
November 2026. I don't know which price,
but yeah, IPO.
I think SpaceX IPO will be overvalued.
Macro Softer says Trump was surprised.
Trump was surprised how little the stock
market went down because of Iran maybe
being at all-time highs and bold him to
escalate military action. I don't think
so because his advisers and himself they
know this is politically pretty bad
what's happening and the market is only
not down because it thinks there's no
escalation.
SpaceX in five years. Well, we have to
wait for SpaceX to understand what the
stock price actually is in the
valuation. Then we can do the modeling.
Uh we are definitely going to do a lot
of modeling there.
Uh
B week for says technical is mostly
about probabilities. Exactly. Just lay
if you do technical analysis, it just
gives you some huristic and
probabilistic layers on top of the other
layers you have. So by combining them
with the macro perspective with
political and geopolitics and macro then
you're getting somewhere
here. Cryptoractor says a lot of
comments and not enough people hitting
the like buttons.
Exactly.
Hit the like buttons.
I think it's about the psychology of big
institutions around these patterns.
Yes. I mean this is self-fulfilling to
some extent. I agree.
Um but it also has to do with technical
like I like the technical perspective
but it's not just about the charts. You
have to understand what these charts
mean. For example, resistance.
What does resistance mean and what does
a floor mean? There is something behind
that, right? Because the totality of the
market, no single player, but the
totality of the market has certain ideas
about what they believe in terms of what
a good prices, what's overvalued, what's
undervalued at any given point in time.
So if you run into a 450 resistance
and nothing fundamentally changes in the
market or in the stock, that's why I'm
saying it goes back to all-time highs.
It just means the critical amount, the
totality of people just doesn't feel it
anymore with Tesla at 490. They say,
"Yeah, it's a little high. I should sell
some and the aggregate action of that
reflects in that price and that's why I
have this reasoning if nothing changes
the company is just in better shape and
the market is at all-time highs
logically it will go to 490
because that is proven to be the point
to that people are willing to get Tesla
to before they bail at a certain point
in time of the company which was
December 16th 2025.
So,
Rocket Lab is best compared to SpaceX.
It might go up if people don't want to
be too dependent on Elon. That's true,
but Rocket Lab is also dramatically
overvalued. It's an amazing company,
similar to SpaceX, but there's too much
hype in the whole space thing in my
opinion. So, Rocket Lab, same thing.
Super hot company. I think it's too
expensive. Herbert had Larry on and
Larry thinks Tesla will hit all-time
highs when SpaceX IPOs. Would you agree?
I think yes, there is something.
I think there is a logic to the idea
that people believe there will be a
merger. I also believe it. I don't know
when. I think it's a incredibly
complicated thing, but there is an
incentive to get it done fast. So, it
could happen this year. And if that
happens, the most likely outcome is a
onetoone merger because everything else
would be a total mess. How do you even
explain anything else? And a onetoone
merger means that there is a magnet
effect. Even if just everyone believes
it, there's a magnetic effect that pulls
Tesla share price or market cap towards
SpaceX. But if SpaceX goes down, it also
hits Tesla. So I do think
it's not a hard forcing function but
there's a soft magnetic function that
pulls Tesla market cap towards SpaceX
once this is public. I do think that is
true.
Uh street credit zero resistance is the
psychological factors you were talking
about but keep in mind that it's the
institutions who have the most money to
move the markets.
That is true but institutions are also
not one blob right I mean it's you know
I think in the end everyone is doing
their thing and a critical mass of
people across retail and institutions is
listening or using technical analysis
and that's to some extent a recursive
function
then what did we have up here when you
calculate the self insurance cost for
SpaceX for internal cargos you take into
account that SpaceX can do it at their
wholesale cost. Yes, absolutely. Street
Crad Zero, absolutely. This is about But
here you have to understand the math.
Let's assume you have 150 tons of cargo.
The important thing is yes, the actual
launch cost even if it if Starship is
not reusable, is already at 800 bucks
per kilogram. Much lower even if you
don't reuse it because it's so massive
and efficient. Whatever it is, you're
getting to very good cause like on their
own internal cost. But the main problem
with insurance is that the launch cost
and the rocket is the smallest piece of
the cost. A much bigger piece of the
cost is the cargo.
Imagine you're shipping 150 tons of
Nvidia GPUs up there. Do you know how
much money this is? So if you have a
billion dollars in cargo value and a
hundred million in launch cost in the
actual rocket, the rocket blows up.
Sure, they're getting a discount because
it's their own rocket, but they're not
getting a discount on the cargo and
someone has to pay for the cargo. You
have to calculate that in. Someone has
to pay for it so it gets into the launch
costs. So if you blow a Starship, blow
up a Starship with full cargo, it's
going to be very expensive. I mean, you
can do the math, you know, it just adds
to the launch cost and that's the
problem.
What else do we have here?
Oh, we also have to wrap up in a second.
Your Tesla DCF model I imagine would
need significant updates post the SpaceX
merger. Yes. I mean, not just updates,
we need a whole new model. We need to
merge the two models. Uh, are we still
going to the moon by 2030? I think we
are going to the moon. You mean I mean
now I'm confused. Do you mean we go to
the moon? We have a 2028 lunar mission.
So we are going to the moon in 2028.
But uh I do think if we merge that yeah
by 2030 we will have made more money.
That is my estimate right now. We will
have made more money than holding Tesla
alone because basically it's going to be
absolutely nuts.
Um
When will we see boots on the ground in
Iran? Maybe Optimus in Terminator.
[snorts] We will see about that. Not
anytime soon with Optimus Terminators.
Uh isn't it a period of time when the
shares of an IPO can be sold? Can Tesla
and SpaceX merge in this interval? uh
you can absolutely sell shares in IPO
but uh the people who are already
shareholders when you have the IPO they
have a lock up period I don't know how
long that is we have to look it up
probably six months uh but everyone else
who buys into the IPO can of course sell
it next day
what's going on with the 500 inactive
robo taxis in California and the roughly
15 taxes why does Tesla keep adding more
robo tax to the fleet if so many are
inactive while no the robo taxi tracker
is a little crude because it also misses
out on all the cyber caps. We have
hundreds of cyber caps in my for sure
hundreds. If you just add up Joe Tech's
like drone footage, we have hundreds of
cyber caps. Where are they on the robo
taxi tracker? I don't see them anywhere.
So, what are these cars doing? Where are
they? They must be doing something. I'm
not saying they're in unsupervised
commercial mode, but they are somewhere.
They're being deployed all over the
place. So, the robo taxi trackers are
getting a little bit inaccurate in my
opinion. So, no one knows.
What do you think of ARM up 18%. Well,
the semiconductors are just on a
complete like insane runup.
And normally when that happens, I always
tend to not chase things because I don't
understand them sufficiently.
Uh, and now you're in a technical
situation like you don't know how much
they can be driven up. You don't know
when they crash. Look at Micron
Technologies. Look at AMD. They they go
up and down like insane. Of course they
going up mostly but then they have like
negative 20% days. So this is a very
dangerous game I think.
Uh Andy says yes stock price to the moon
reassuring you think the combined energy
will be more fruitful. Yes, I think by
203 if you merge now, I think it will be
disadvantageous very likely for Tesla
shareholders on a 12 to 18 months scale,
but even on a 24 month scale, we might
make more money with a merged entity. My
main, it's very simple. We have all the
bullcase down for Tesla. We understand
what's going to happen. That's why we
are bullish. I think on SpaceX, people
have not thought this through yet. And I
tell you guys, if Starship works, and I
do think it will work. If Starship works
by 2027,
you have to understand two things why
I'm so bullish. Number one, people
[clears throat] vastly underestimate how
much compute we need. We need infinite
compute and we need it immediately.
You can make infinite money if you had
infinite compute. Okay. Number two,
compute is energy constraint. It's all
about energy. And when you look into
data center buildout,
just do that. Like pretend you're a
little entrepreneur and start using AI
to Google your business model. Like I
want to build a gigawatt data center in
Europe, in Australia, in the US, in
Canada. Try to solve that problem. You
will run into 10 million issues, like
serious issues. Where's the energy?
Where's the gas turbines? Where's the
policy? Do I get killed by politics?
It's a total nightmare and it's a huge
problem. And it's a cost problem and a
regulatory problem. In space, it's all
gone. You just sign something, you're in
space, there's not you can just endless
energy, endless. Perfect. So, you have
an enormous pull push function.
And then on the other side, what holds
us back? You need Starship. Okay, that
needs to work. And then you need these
stupid little satellites. This is so
easy. The satellites, people got it
completely wrong. even Yansen,
even Amazon, Jeff B, they don't
understand how easy that is for Star for
SpaceX.
And so when I put these two together
that people overestimate how complicated
orbital AI satellites are. Uh I think
everyone understands Starship is very
important. I'm not saying there's a
bias. I think the market is realistic
about Starships like well it's a risk
but it seems to get along there so I
think it's just going to happen.
I think they overestimate the complexity
of these satellites and they completely
underestimate the insane push pressure
on building that and when you combine
these things I think it will happen much
sooner. I think by 2028 we will have
orbital AI at scale. I think in 2028 we
will see real scale the beginning of a
real scaling curve for orbital AI which
is far earlier than people assume. You
know, don't forget 2028 is only 18
months away or whatever, 18, 19, 20
months away.
And I think that's the year when we see
this stuff becoming a reality. And then
you have an infinite
margin function where you can just scale
the hell out of it. And if that happens,
it beats Tesla
starting in 2028.
Adam Tangi says, "I have great styling
coverage in Southern Hemisphere,
Melbourne, Australia." That is very
good. Do you buy SpaceX on day one? No.
I think it's overvalued.
Loving the SpaceX due diligence to build
my conviction there too. Yes, Andy. This
is going to highest priority for Pioneer
Lens to understand that.
Um,
your opinion on the recent alien talk by
Trump and others? I think it's so
stupid. I hate aliens. I mean, I love
aliens, but the talk gets on my was
like, really, aliens?
I don't want to be like a party pooper,
but aliens are stupid. I think it's a
total distraction. I think Trump loves
to talk about everything that's not Iran
or Epstein, of course.
I thought the calls call was for Nvidia
mainly. Can you discuss?
Oh.
Uh what effect will the earnings release
and call have on Nvidia the market
Tesla? I I already said that Tom in the
beginning the whole beginning of the
session was about Nvidia. Bottom line is
I think Nvidia super bullish met all the
expectations exceeded it but it's not
going to really crazy because it's on
track to go to 300 probably this year.
Uh anyway, so it will continue its rise
maybe have a little pullback tomorrow
because the market just loves to sell
Nvidia after earnings. Uh but it's a
validation of everything is full steam
ahead on the AI side.
Uh Paul Davis, thank you for all you do
and also for answering questions live.
It's great to have your perspective to
consider when making own decisions.
Well, you you're welcome. Of course,
it's fun for me to have you guys ask me
smart questions.
Uh here Andrea is asking, "Annthropic
has agreed to pay SpaceX 1.25 25 billion
per month through May for AI compute
capacity. Is it that much? I didn't even
see that. I thought it was 5 billion per
year with capacity ramping in May and
June 2026 at a reduced fee and it's just
a start. Yes, absolutely. I mean, it's
absolutely clear. It's crazy.
Um, are you concerned about the usual
midterm seasonality tanking the market?
may consider selling calls if we make
one last pump to 490. Well, Andy, like
the macro situation with Iran, the
midterms, yields, the debt,
the world in general, like I'm I view it
like this. The market I think everything
in the world is more or less bad.
Everything is really bad with one
exception. And that exception is the age
of AGI. We are sitting on the
singularity and the biggest explosion of
capability and economic growth ever.
Okay, it's incredibly bullish.
Everything else, society, civilization,
dead bombs, real bombs, everything is a
disaster. Everything else. So that
creates a very interesting fragile
situation or not that fragile because we
have a massive boost in productivity and
power
and at the same time everything else
goes to That is the situation that
will unfold even more extreme in 2027.
But in the midterms, yes. So we have to
we have to be a little cautious. There
will be tons of mega shocks.
What does it all mean? I think this AGI
trajectory is a enormous pull function
to keep us up here. Especially Tesla,
especially Nvidia, especially Max 7,
especially SpaceX. So if you own Walmart
or something, I don't know exactly what
happens to these guys. Uh oil,
everything energy related is hot.
uh but generally I'm not bullish on
stability in the world. I'm not bullish
on political stability. I'm not bullish
on the economy
in the sense of the totality of people.
I'm just insanely bullish on
productivity
and margins.
So bottom line is it's definitely not
all rainbows and gold pots. It's
extremely dangerous territory, but the
central AGI function is just extremely
overpowering everything else.
Uh Joe, will Nvidia GPUs be able to run
GTA 6?
[laughter] Sorry. Uh I why would they
not? I don't know. Did they drop the
ball on gaming? I don't think so. But
gaming is not the main priority.
uh on X's lately. Much talk about Nvidia
and Nokia. Nokia.
What's happening there? I didn't even
follow that.
Uh Elon promoting Cursor. Do you think
SpaceX is going to buy them? Well, it's
very simple. They have an option to buy
Cursor for 60 billion or something. I
think they're playing around with it
right now. They're looking how much
cursor can get a boost from X from Grock
and from of course the compute. And I
think it's very smart. They pay 10
billion, do a little test run and have
the option, call option to buy it for 60
billion. If the tests go, you know, in
the right direction, they will buy it.
Will they buy it? Probably. I mean, it's
the age of AGI. Cursor has tremendous
value. And if you're totally frank,
Grock is not a team that can compete
with Anthropic. So, getting more talent
in the door and more tech
probably good. 60 billion. I mean, what
does that even like nothing
pocket change?
Why CA Kathy Woods performance is so
bad. Well, that's why you have to go to
pioneeralpha.org.
Did we talk about that? I will wrap up
the call with pioneeralpha.org.
Uh, of course, I have to put in my
latest performance numbers because of
this whole revamp of Pioneer Lens. I'm
totally behind. But here you see Pioneer
Alpha. So these numbers are a little
better than they currently are. We are
down by like whatever. We are we
15% lower or something. Uh so that was
pretty bad. But of course Tesla is also
much lower. So we still beat the S&amp;P. So
uh Pioneer Alpha I have where do I have
that? Do I have that here? We can look
at Kathy Woods in Pioneer Reserve where
we have the benchmarks.
Uh here you can look at Kathy Woods for
when what do we want to see year to
date?
Pine Alpha versus AR Q. RQ's up
17%.
We are up 36%.
That means we beat Kathy there. RK is up
2%. So we're beating them by 33.93%
and that's just this year. If you go to
two years, let's see what happens. They
are up 78%.
But we are up 311%. This is pretty
extreme. But since inception, this is
they're up 51%.
We are up 166%. We beating Kathy with
115% alpha. That's pretty extreme. RQ's
maybe better. RQ's pretty good. 133% up.
We only beat them by 32%.
So
that is since 2024 January. So there you
have it. That's what they are doing.
Seems like biggest risk to Elon
companies is if something happens to
him. That's true. But you have to also
look at the statistically. How often has
a top CEO been whatever taken out of the
game?
I mean, Steve Jobs with cancer, but that
took a long time and that was not a
shock. That was like over years and
years.
Uh, so yes, it would be terrible of
course, but when you look at the
statistics, you have to look like an
insurance broker on the side. like what
like uh how are these things the people
called who do the the the uh uh the
insurance people who do the um risk
assessment
uh so these people you have to think
like them what are the actual odds that
something happens to Elon statistically
they're very low
I thought cursor is just
yeah Luigi
well I I think Elon has much better
protection than this guy had.
I thought cursor is just a subset of MS
visual code. Not sure where the values
ah I think cursor is more advanced than
MS visual code
but who knows.
Okay guys, time to wrap up.
I need to go to sleep. I'm in Europe.
But I hope you guys
actuarial. Exactly. That's the
actuators.
Actuators. That's the robots things.
Actuarials.
These are the people who do it. Like
look it up. Ask the AGI. Ask the AI. Ask
Claude how to do it. And then how to do
that with
uh
Andy says, "Pine Alpha is definitely
intriguing to me. The performance
numbers aren't fabricated right." No,
they're not. I'm not allowed to
fabricate them. This is audited stuff.
Um,
Joe, your volume is always low. I don't
I get very different feedback. Some
people say it's fine, some people say
it's low, and they only say it on live.
So, maybe it's a live problem that some
people get lower volume and some don't.
Let's see.
Okay, everyone. So, go to
pioneeralpha.org
to check this out. Go to pioneer lens
daily. Pioneerens.org. org. That's where
all the cool new action happens. Look at
this beautiful page that we built with
the best news ever. And I hope to see
you there. I hope to see you tomorrow.
We have something cool coming out again
with CERN, a very exciting interview
about robo taxi where we discuss the
robo taxi trajectory. And we have more
coming up. SpaceX will be interesting
tomorrow. We will see how it goes soon.
They will launch very soon at 6:30 or
something,
I think.
uh ET. So, watch out for it.
Okie dokie. So, see you guys next time.
Thanks for uh tuning in
and watch Starship go to space in an
hour or something. See you then.
Bye-bye.