Channel:     investingagainstthegrain
Title:       Are The Bears Right? Don't Get Tricked! Tesla and the AI Names Aren't done YET!
URL:         https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Vv-s8XAMml0
Published:   2026-07-19 22:06 UTC
Fetched:     2026-07-19 23:00 UTC

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

The market sold off hard in the past two
weeks, really the past three weeks. On
the one hand, we got people like Jim
Chenos who are talking about the AI
bubble starting to implode. We got
issues in debt markets. We got issues
with the AI names, infrastructure plays.
Meanwhile, we got other people like
Gavin Baker who are talking about this
is the beginning that there's actually
be a super cycle that's going on. This
is just the time to be buying the dip,
dollar cost averaging for a bigger move
higher. Who's right? What's my take? And
where the hell am I? Let's get into it.
You're crazy.
&gt;&gt; Okay, so many great questions. Let's
start off with where I'm at. So, right
now, I'm in Cape Cod. I'm here with the
family. We're having a little uh mini
vacation. Obviously, we're still getting
our our work done. You know, we still
went to a gym. We still paid the man for
the weekend. And we're here recording
for you guys because the market never
stops. This continues. And we need to
know, we have to have market awareness.
This is a 24/7 thing. We must always be
paranoid. We must always be cognizant of
what is going on. Despite being in Cape
Cod, we still have a lot to talk about.
Let's just real quick, there's a lot
going on with Iran. I don't want to talk
too much about it. We've got more
kinetic warfare. It sounds like or you
know, apparently we just had two
casualties, two fatalities. you know,
our boys. I don't know what kind of
response this is going to warrant or
what's going to happen from here, but
things have clearly escalated. It hasn't
deescalated as we all thought it would,
or at least I thought it would. Things
are ratcheting up. It seems like there
is a clear split within the Iranian
government where we've got the people
who are actually more level-headed
trying to make a deal, trying to
conclude this. Meanwhile, the IRGC, they
have a whole component saying, "Hell no,
we're going to keep firing. And it seems
like there's just a divide within Iran.
In many ways, that's good, but in many
ways, it's bad, too. For right now, I
think if you look at the oil markets,
they're still kind of holding pretty
steady. We're we're still in the 80s uh
$80 range. We'll see how it opens up
tonight and we'll see what it looks like
tomorrow. I imagine tomorrow might be a
little noisy, especially when it comes
to anything inflation related or energy
related. With that said, just keep in
mind, again, I would just take a beat on
it. Keep in mind these are summer
months. lighter volume, a little noise
creates much more of a magnitude of a
move. Put a pin in that. That is a whole
another ball of wax. I don't want to get
into that right now. What I care more
about right now is what has been
happening, what has been selling off.
What has been selling off has been two
things. One, all the AI infrastructure
plays, all the AI infrastructure names,
and then two, Tesla, SpaceX, the Elon
Musk names. We're going to start off
first with the AI infrastructure, and
that's going to lead into the Elon Musk
stuff. And you have to know one to get
the other. It's very imperative that you
understand the bigger thesis. Too many
people are sucked into Elon world and
don't see what's happening in the
general market. And we're going to fix
that today. So the first thing we need
to understand is what Jevon's paradox
is. Listen to this. Jevon's paradox in
AI occurs when improvements in
efficiency, meaning cheaper computer,
faster models, increases total AI usage
rather than reducing it. As AI becomes
more efficient and affordable, the cost
of cognition falls, prompting industries
to integrate AI into more tasks,
ultimately increasing total energy,
increasing demand, increasing compute
resources and the demand for new diverse
AI applications. Javant paradox. Okay,
this is look at it from an AI lens, but
you can look at it from anything. TVs,
televisions, right? Plasma televisions
used to cost an arm and a leg and you
didn't have too many people were buying
them. But then as those costs came down,
the demand grew, more people wanted it.
Tesla vehicles, when we have a higher
price target, $60, $70,000 for a
vehicle, you only have so many people
that can afford it. Then as that price
comes down, guess what? Demand goes up.
So it's not a issue of want, desire,
popularity. It's a pricing function. So,
as costs come down, demand surges.
Remember that as we move forward. I've
been talking to you for a while now,
that I believe, I mean, really, I've
been saying this for what, 3 years,
something like that, that the LLMs, the
large language model providers are
becoming commoditized. That that is not
where the profits will be when it comes
to AI. They will be competed away when
it comes to cost. And we are finally
starting to see that play out in a
meaningful way. anthropic, open AAI. I
think they're in trouble in a big big
way. Why? Well, because like I've talked
about, we've got three buckets. We've
got the frontier models, which don't get
me wrong, Anthropic, Open AI, they are
the best. No one doubts that. No one
questions that. Then you've got
companies like Meta and SpaceX that are
offering their models at a fraction of
the cost. if it costs about 50 to $25
roughly in that range for a million
tokens with anthropic and open AI but
Meta and SpaceX are offering those same
million tokens for a buck 50 we have a
huge disparity here and then when you
look at the open source models like the
Chinese the Kimies the coins they're
offering that same million at 50 this is
a problem for open anthropic this is an
opportunity for the SpaceX and metas of
the world we are finally starting to see
this happen and this is going to put
pressure and competitive pressure on
OpenAI Ananthropic. Where SpaceX and
Meta sit in a sweet spot is that they
have other businesses that can generate
profits and revenue that can support and
self- sustain them potentially not
making profits on their LLMs on their
models because Meta has ads, right? And
they can continue to turn that over from
profits and reinvest into buying more
compute, more data centers. And guess
what? The more data centers they have,
the more they can offer tokens at a
lower cost and try to win market share.
SpaceX is doing the same thing. On top
of that, SpaceX and Meta have created a
brand new line of business, which is
renting out parts of their older
compute, right? So, as they add in newer
compute, newer uh GPUs from Nvidia, they
can start to lease out their older data
centers, their older clusters to people
who need the demand, and they're making
that a profitable business. As
Zuckerberg said recently, there is no
excess compute out there right now.
People are offering them so much money
that it's stupid for them not to take
advantage of this opportunity. So that's
where we're at right now. So Meta and
SpaceX are able to create net new
companies. They're becoming neoclouds,
meaning new AI type clouds. So think
AWS, Azure, GCP, but for just AI data
centers. Neoclouds, that's what they
are. Nibius, Cororeweave, Rackspace,
well Rackspace kind of both. They are
becoming Neocloud. So this is a net new
business they have on top of the other
businesses they have and with these two
very profitable businesses that they
have the, you know, the legacy, the
standard SpaceX business, the standard
Meta business plus the Neocloud
business, they can now take all those
profits and what do they do? They
recycle it back into building out net
new data centers, buying new GPUs from
Nvidia, buying more memory from Micron,
buying more storage from SanDisk. This
is what's happening. Open AAI and
Anthropic can't do this. They aren't
profitable businesses. They have already
gone to debt markets so much at such a
high valuation. It's almost like they're
really going to get screwed here. That's
my current point of view. I mean, it's
been my point of view for several years
now, but it's starting to play out. And
then the Chinese, the Chinese are
gaining a lot of demand, a lot of
traction because they're so affordable.
So, what's happening? Why are people
choosing to use the Gros, the Metas, the
Chinese open- source models? Let's be
honest, most of what we do on a
day-to-day basis with these LLMs, you
don't need the best of the best. If I
just want to figure out, hey, give me a
good meatball recipe. Hey, uh, what is
the definition of XYZ? Hey, can you make
this email sound better? Can you just
grammar check it? Right? Like these like
basic things that we use these LLMs for,
right? A generic SQL query against my
Snowflake. These are things that pretty
much every model can do. We don't need
the best of the best for and that is 99%
of all the workloads that we that or all
the work that we do with LLMs right now.
It are things that you know are pretty
generic. Now, for those 1% use cases,
hey, sure, maybe we can tap into
anthropic. Maybe we can tap into OpenAI
and we'll pay that higher price per
million tokens. But in the meantime,
let's be costefficient. Let's be cost
cognizant and let's use these other
models that do just as good of a job so
that we don't have to sit there and
spend all this excess money. Okay, so
that's what's happening right now. Now,
it's bad for LM Frontier models like
OpenAI and Anthropic and they'll
probably be fine for a while, but I
think over time they're going to start
to hurt. But who is it really good for?
Who is it really beneficial for? Well,
that's for Micron, for SanDisk, for
Bloom Energy, for the energy, the
infrastructure models, Dell, HP, right?
All these other names that have been
selling off recently. It's good for
them. Let's put a pin in that for one
second. We're going to come right back
to that. Take a look at this. This is
from Poly Market. It says, "Just in uh
Anthropics valuation takes a hit
following the release of China's Kimmy
K3 AI model. now only a 67% chance it
hits $1.5 trillion in valuation by the
end of the year. This is what I'm
talking about. This is the rerating of
these companies. Yes, they were able to
get to massive valuation so quickly,
right? It's everything we've been
talking about. This market hasn't been.
This market has been built on earnings
and strength. It has not been built on
PE multiple expansion except for Open AI
and Anthropic. They have been growing on
PE expansion, PE multiple expansion that
is very reminiscent of the dotcom
bubble. Meanwhile, Micron, Sandis, Bloom
Energy, Marll, all these other
companies, they have not had PE multiple
expansion. In fact, they are with the
stocks coming down especially and these
crazy earnings. Samsung did like 77%
year-over-year growth, right? I think
last earnings for Sandis, they did
something like 98 97% year-over-year
growth. These numbers are nutty, okay?
They are insane. As these LLM providers
continue to battle out on the token
front, guess what's the only way to
really drop the price in your tokens?
Well, being able to offer more. Think
bulk pricing. Think Sam's Club. Why can
Sam Club offer such good prices? You can
buy so much in volume that it allows you
to reduce the cost. That is why you will
see all these other companies build out
even more data centers. That's why the
people who are really going to or the
companies that are really going to make
money here will be the AI infrastructure
names. Yes, they've been selling off.
Yes, there's been a rotation. I get it.
To me, it's an opportunity. It's
opportunity I'm not missing out on. I
have short puts on all these. I told you
guys, I don't buy stock. I sell short
puts. If it comes, it goes in the money.
I will buy the stock. I will buy Sandis.
I will buy Micron. I will buy Marll. I
will buy Bloom Energy. I'll buy Dell. On
and on. I'll buy all these at severe
discounts. All right. Right now we've
seen uh Sandis drop almost what 50%. Uh
maybe not quite maybe like 40 30%.
Micron same thing. Marll is down like
50%. Aab's down over and over. AMD is at
you know not really that big of a
discount but pretty good discount.
You're seeing this. Dell's at a big
discount over and over. We can see this.
To me it's opportunity. It's opportunity
I'm not going to miss out on. Now could
I be wrong? Yes, of course I could be
wrong. I'm just some fool on the
internet. So don't just trust anything I
say. Battle test it. Think for yourself.
Go do your own research. See if you
agree with it. See if you can poke holes
in what I'm saying. And if you can,
great. Share it with me. Share it with
everybody. We're all here trying to
learn. We're all here trying to get
better. But I like to listen to people
who are right a lot. Okay? I think that
is the most important thing you can do
is listen to people who are right a lot.
Who has been right a lot as of recent.
When I say as of recent, I mean like,
you know, the last two decades. Well,
this one gentleman named Gavin Baker.
You may know him as uh the fifth best
bestie from the All-In podcast. He has
been calling it right for so freaking
long that it's just crazy. So what does
he say? Let's read this. The mega bull
case for AI infra infrastructure would
be if market share shifted away from uh
certain frontier labs with 90% plus
inference margins towards cheaper models
when open source uh whether open source
or closed. It would increase the ROI,
return on investment on AI spend for end
customers by increasing intelligence per
dollar, which would drive incremental
token demand. Margin dollars would
effectively get redistributed from the
frontier labs, OpenAI, Anthropic to AI
infrastructure providers, Micron,
Sandis, Dell. The infrastructure, the
infra winners would be those with the
lowest per token cost and the winners at
the model layer would be those with the
highest token efficiency. There are many
reasons Jensen, the CEO of Nvidia, is so
focused on open-source, but this is
likely the most important one, as I
think he is probably less worried about
the monopsin these days. Lower margin
percent at the model layer equals more
margin dollars at the infra layer. All
else equal. When SpaceX and Meta being
vertically integrated and possessing the
number three, number four models
respectively, it is more possible than
ever. Note that Grock 4.5 is ahead of
Fable for some useful tasks at a much
lower cost. So ranking them number three
is conservative. This is not happening
yet. cheap mostly open- source tokens
are likely the majority of volume today
but the majority of economic value is
still occurring to the most intelligent
models might change though we will see I
could not agree more with Gavin Baker
here and I think this is how you will
see all this play out right now while we
see all these companies at big discounts
now some people might be saying hey
these were parabolic moves they got over
their skis easy up easy down but I think
differently I think that these companies
companies rose so quickly because
they're so damn profitable. They have
such low PE multiples, it makes sense
for them to go up and right now they are
even cheaper after these pullbacks. So
to me, this is opportunity and they all
have earnings coming up, right? Except
for Micron, but Micron crushed on their
earnings, right? They had like 88%
growth. I mean, the numbers were nutty
and even their CEO said, "We have demand
as far as we can see. We we don't even
know when we're going to be able to
catch up on supply to the demand that we
have. That's how insane it's going.
You're going to see a lot of people talk
politics, say, "Oh, well, there's
issues. New York doesn't want data
centers. They put a moratorium on it. We
got people in Utah complaining." Listen,
this is going to happen over and over.
Stupid people are going to be stupid.
The governors and politicians are going
to pander towards their base. And if
their base thinks that data centers are
bad, then they're just being foolish.
They've never been to a data center.
Again, most people have data centers all
around them. You just don't know it.
There are these coloss everywhere. These
coloss are essentially these big data
centers where people will use that data
center to support and house their
equipment and they can go in, they can
go to their racks and they have all
their servers there. But there's all
these other companies that are in there
as well, right? It's not just that
company. There will be like hundreds of
companies in these data centers and
they're all over your cities. They're
all over all over your your uh your
state. You just don't know they're
there. And so people talk about, oh, the
sound, oh the energy consumption, oh the
water consumption. They don't understand
the water consumption is non-existent.
It's a closed loop system these days.
All right? And actually, it's been like
that for quite some time. Energy. Well,
now with what everything Trump's done,
the energy has to be to the left of the
meter, meaning they have to make their
own energy generation or make enough to
feed back into the grid. This is
actually really good because in moments
of national disaster, guess what? Now we
have yet another energy provider that
can feed the grid. This is great. This
is resiliency. This is what we want.
This is good for tax taxing, right?
We're going to get more tax money, not
only from data centers, but higher
paying jobs coming into these areas. It
goes on and on. We're not they're not
going to tap into your energy sources.
They're not going to screw up your
water. They're not loud like everyone
says they are. Again, yet they're loud
inside. Sure, they're loud inside.
Again, go outside of a data center. I'm
telling you, you're not going to be
like, "Oh my god, it's so loud here."
It's louder on a highway than it is at a
data center. And this is just noise. And
this is just people trying to gain v
votes and popularity because I guess
it's become fashionable to think AI is
lame. Yet every single one of these
people are using AI. It's it's it's
comical. Not only that, they're all
using data centers. If you have a
iPhone, if you have a computer, if
you're watching me, guess what? Your
YouTube, your Netflix, your iCloud, all
of that, it's going to a data center.
Where do you think those data centers
are? They're not all in Palo Alto.
They're not all in Virginia. You've got
all of these different data centers that
are all over the country. They're
essentially caching your stores, caching
your data, so you have better latency.
Okay? Like people just don't understand
how this infrastructure is developed or
how it's made. It's all over. Noise,
noise, noise, not signal. People that
don't understand how any of this works,
how they don't understand where the data
coming from. They don't understand where
the feed's coming from. They they they
don't get it. And that's okay. That's
your opportunity to have information
arbitrage. I like to listen to people
like Gav Gam Baker who actually has been
right for a lot. Not the chainos who are
perpetually always short and honestly
they've been wrong for so long. He's
been wrong about Tesla forever. He's
been wrong about SpaceX forever. So I
think we'll see more and more of that
for me. And he sold puts that happen to
go in the money. I mean, I don't have
any in the money right now except for
one, Marll. And I'm going to be buying
Marll. Even Jensen was just on stage the
other day saying they're the next
trillion dollar company. I'll buy them.
I will hold them. Again, it's not that
much money at the end of the day. If I'm
wrong, okay, I'm wrong. I don't think
I'm going to be wrong. We'll find out.
Time will tell. We will see. How does
this tie back into Tesla? Okay, it ties
back into Tesla, first of all, because
we have seen SpaceX and Tesla have a
sell-off recently. Everybody was
attributing the scrubbed launch for
Starship the other day to why SpaceX
continue to sell off in the
aftermarkets. Okay. This is the kind of
echo chamber thinking that I don't think
you should have. Zoom out. Yes. Okay.
Yes, I I see on the chart described
mission stock go down. That's my that's
my understanding. Okay. How do you how
do you know that people weren't waiting
to sell off or buy just because of that
and they were just waiting cuz they're
watching then hey they're going to
continue their sell off. They were
already selling off all day. Did we
scrub all day? No. And it was
aftermarkets. How much volume was it?
It's it's nonsense. SpaceX has been
selling off for essentially since the
third day of their IPO. So to attribute
it to the scrub is just insane. It's
just insane. It's people just trying to
wanting to have an answer towards
something that they don't understand.
They don't understand that the whole
market has been selling off and anything
that with AI or tech. Guess what? SpaceX
is now considered one of the frontier
model providers, one of the frontier
companies when it comes to AI. So guess
what? When all the AI names are selling
off, SpaceX is going to sell off. Guess
what? When Tesla is part of that AI
narrative, Tesla will also sell off.
Also, when everyone's waiting for Tesla
to show something, show something
besides a couple vehicles in Miami, it's
going to sell off because the narrative
right now is that they're behind. We
don't think that. We know what we know,
but we're such a small part of the
investment pool. We are not the ones
that are going to move the stock
anymore. It's just not going to happen.
In fact, I believe there's more
institutional investors now in Tesla
than retail. It's things are different
now. And you have to understand that you
always have a certain portion of people
who are in the stock that are just
gambling, yoloing, waiting for the next
thing, just in there for the next 12
months, whatever. And if the narrative
doesn't hit what they're looking for,
they're going to sell out. You also have
people that get scared, get nervous.
They're like, you know what, we're going
below 400 again. I'm just going to sell
or I don't want to see this go back to
300. Well, I'm just going to sell again.
Everyone's got to do what's right for
them. Some people might be ready to put
a big down payment on a house. Other
people might be like, hey, this is my
retirement. I just retired. I can't mess
around with it. Other people might just
think, "Hey, I'm so sick and tired of
this." Hey, everybody's got their own
thing. I'm not here to judge. You do
what's right for you and that's all we
can ever do. My opinion, though, is
that, hey, this just noise. It's the
summer. Relax. Everyone needs to relax.
Chill out. Odds are if you're really
that uncomfortable, you're probably too
big into Tesla and you shouldn't be, or
you have trades on that you're too big
on, they shouldn't be. And hey, this is
not crazy right now for Tesla. Tesla has
these moves. This is really nothing.
Welcome to the party. This is why I tell
everybody to learn how to trade options.
Again, trading options allows you to be
capital efficient. It allows you to make
money while Tesla sits here in this
range. You don't have to sell your Tesla
shares. You don't have to do that at all
once you know how to trade options
against them. Right? You can trade
options in all these different names
without having to sell your Tesla,
without having to go in the margin,
without any of that. This is why I
teaching the options crash course to be
able to make 1 to 4% per month on your
shares on your portfolio without having
to sell. How do you do that? Great
question. That's what the option crash
course is for. If you're interested, use
the link down below. We just opened up
September. July filled up back in early
June. August filled up already. So now
we opened up September because we have
spillover. So if you want to join, sign
up now because it's probably going to
fill up before the end of July and then
I won't have any more room. I don't know
if I'm going to do one in October,
November, December cuz that's like the
holidays. That's like around my
birthday, you know, my son's birthday.
So I kind of want to just I I don't
know. I I don't want to plan that far
out ahead. September might be the last
one. So if you're interested, sign up
and then we'll go from there. Again, I I
don't I still don't want to commit that
far out. Also, we are opening up the
trading journal. Uh the trading journal
is going to be opened up again. Like I
said last time, we were we got an
overwhelming amount of people who signed
up. Appreciate everybody helping us out
as we were just launching it so we could
figure out some bugs. Like I said, we
closed it out after that initial uh
opening. We are going to open it up
again for a limited time for more
signups. Right. We now support Tasty
Trade, Fidelity, Interactive Brokers,
Charles Schwab, Thinkorswim, and we are
in beta with Robin Hood. So, if you're
using Robin Hood, please sign up. We
would love to work closely with you to
make sure that the Robin Hood experience
is just as good as all those other
platforms. All right, you can sign up
now. The link will be down below. And I
guess the last thing, uh, we have the
zero day course. I've kept it open, uh,
so that people from the July course
coming up, the August course coming up
can take it. Uh, I don't know when I'm
going to do another zero day course. I
I've made a lot of promise to people
that I will do at least one more. I
don't know when that'll be, but for
right now, it's at the end of August.
So, if you want to join, sign up. If I
do one again, you know, later this year,
again, I'll let you know. I just I got
to figure out the calendar, see what's
going on, making sure I have time for
it. Uh, life is just amazing and crazy
right now with the with the little sun
and I want to just absorb it all as much
as I can. If you guys want to sign up,
options crash course now open live for
September. The zero-day course. You must
take the options crash course first.
Take the zero day course. That's why
I've left it open for end of August. You
can sign up for that as well. And then
the journal, if you want to use the
journal. The journal is critical to
making sure you understand h what you're
doing trading. I preach about treating
this like a business, especially with
all my one-on-one clients. You have to
treat this like a business. You have to
track your trades monthly. You have to
understand what your numbers are. This
will allow you to be even more strategic
and tactical on how you trade. All
right. The idea is to make money to make
one to 4% per month on our portfolio's
uh total value. All right, we should be
able to do this consistently. This
should be very conservative to do 1 to
4%. All right, but the journal helps us
stay grounded, understand our number,
understand where our trades at,
understanding where we're making gaps.
It's a good tool also to reflect and
learn, understand where we're at, what
mistakes are we making, is there a
pattern we can see. All right. Knowing
your numbers is so critical, you know,
and if you're not going to use the
journal, I hope you're tracking
somewhere. Even if you just are in
stock, you should understand at what
point would you sell your stock? Have a
plan. That's all I ever ask for anybody.
Just have a plan. Even if you're a
long-term buy and hold, great. You're
still going to have a plan. There's
still a certain point you would think
about taking some off the table. At some
point, at some point, you're going to
want to retire. Now, if you took the
options crash course, then you're never
gonna have to sell your your Tesla
shares. Like, you'll know how to
generate profits off of your portfolio
without having to sell. But if you're
not going to take and you don't want to
deal with it, that's fair, too. At least
know how you're going to do it. Are you
going to use a 4% rule? Great. How are
you going to do it? Are you going to do
it all up front or are you going to
slowly take out each month and sell?
Okay. Well, where would you sell? Okay.
Like, what's your plan? Have a plan.
Always, always have a plan. Okay. Let's
talk Tesla. Tesla is in a very
interesting place right now. There's so
many doubters out there right now. So
many I don't want to say haters, but
people who are turning on Tesla. So many
people that are maybe just frustrated
with Tesla. And you know, they kind of
have a point. I'll be honest. Like we
got to keep it real. They have a point.
We'll talk about that point in a second.
Actually, you know what? Let's talk
about that right now. Look at this. This
is one of the the top say questions that
that's out there right now. And some
people think that it's bad or
inappropriate or coming off as
aggressive. I I'll give you my point in
a second here. Let's read it first. It
says Tesla has missed short-term
guidance on Robo Taxi, uh, three
earnings reports in a row from 50%
coverage of USA by end of 2025 to most
recently seven new cities in the first
half of 26. What is keeping Tesla back
from accomplishing the short-term goals
that they've set for themselves? I'll
also add to it. Elon even said that they
would be essentially doubling every few
days. We didn't see that there. There's
lots of things they've been saying that
we haven't seen. So, I think this is a
very fair question. At the end of the
day, we didn't ask for these KPIs. They
volunteered these KPIs. These are
numbers and milestones they said that
they would hit. My personal view, this
is a completely honest, genuine
question. I don't think this is coming
at Tesla aggressive. This is just asking
them point blank. In fact, this is the
type of question I think Elon should
appreciate because it's not BS. It's
straightforward. You don't need to read
between the lines. Just read the lines.
You said you were going to do X. You
didn't do X. What's going on? Tell us
about Y and Z. To me, we shouldn't have
to waste a say question on this. We
shouldn't. In my opinion, Tesla put out
these KPIs. The onus is on Tesla to say
to complete the circle, complete the
loop, come back to us, say, "Hey, we had
these goals to do XYZ, but then we
decided to change for this reason or we
decided to go this route or we decided
to be smarter to do this and I think
they owe that to us." Why? Because they
are the ones that gave us the KPIs to
begin with. Don't volunteer that type of
information if you're not going to
follow up on it. I I think that's just
fair. And honestly, I think it would
cool down the temperature a lot. It
would bring the temperature down. People
would be like, "Ah, okay, that makes
sense. Oh, we didn't think about that.
And I guarantee they have good reasons.
I don't think it's really a safety
thing. I don't think there's an issue
with FSD. I don't think there's an issue
with the cyber cab. I don't think
there's regulatory issues. I don't think
it's any of that. I think it's just
probably a, hey, we wanted to do this
plan, now we want to do this. We want to
roll these out more. We decide, you know
what? We weren't going to wait till 15.
Now we thought we would wait till 15
just because there's so many better
improvements. Uh, or we want to have a
little bit more polish before we put it
out cuz we want a good experience.
Whatever it is, they should tell us. And
I'm telling you, it would take the
temperature down because at least people
would feel, "Ah, okay, I get it. I I
hear that. That makes sense." And I
guarantee you, whatever their answer is,
I don't know if they'll feed us a BS
answer, but whatever their genuine
answer would be, I guarantee you it
would be very logical and we would all
say, "Ah, I didn't think about that."
Or, "Ah, I knew it. That makes sense. I
would wait, too." I think these
questions are good. I know a lot of
people think that these are overly
aggressive or rude or just not
warranted. I don't agree with that point
of view at all. Uh you say you're going
to do something, you're a man of your
word. Elon would respect the idea that
we're asking Point Blake, "Hey, you said
you did you were going to do this, you
didn't finish it. What' you get done
today?" Like, that's literally his whole
demeanor. I think he doesn't see this
as, "Oh, they're being rude." I would
think he sees this as like, "Yeah,
here's what happened, guys." All right,
so let's add a little levity here. We
saw some news. Okay, so first we had the
Lars thing. Again, bad communication,
but we saw that apparently employees are
now testing out the cyber cabin. That's
great. We saw Robo Taxi officially start
in Miami. Even if it's just one or two,
you got to start somewhere, right?
That's how you have to start. Okay,
great. At least they started
unsupervised, right? Like, let's take
our wins where we got them. They didn't
start with people in the car. I think
that's a big deal. And if they were pro
if they were starting unsupervised or
supervised, they probably would start
off at a bigger scale, but because it's
unsupervised, they're probably be a
little more cautious. I get that. Now,
we're seeing that there's a record
number of cyber cabs spotted. And we can
see here there's 245 cyber cabs. Now,
let's just kind of ground ourselves a
little bit here. In reality, we don't
know if these are net new cyber cabs
that were just built off the line and
put into the parking lot or if these are
a mix of net new and ones that they've
already had. Either way, it's a big
number. We know that they've been
shipping them off everywhere. We see
them in Miami. I see them in the Tampa
Bay area. We see them in Boston, in
Chicago, in Utah, and Kentucky. Like,
we're seeing them everywhere. So, we do
know they're also shipping them out. I
believe that the more they build, the
more that we or the closer we are to
that inevitable moment that everybody's
been waiting for. I'm pretty convinced
of that. If we continue down this route,
we're going to see more and more of
these build up until eventually we have
a big launch. I'm still convinced that
this launch is about to happen. Either
it's going to happen right before
earnings. And when I say a big launch,
let me clarify that. What I mean is
right now in Miami, we have two. Okay,
great. Next week we have 10. Okay, the
following week we add another 10. Okay,
the following week we add we add another
10. Okay, then just more of a cadence of
adding more and growing things in a more
linear fashion. Doesn't have to be
exponential, but at least linear,
something that we can see, hey, this
isn't just testing. We're actually
scaling this and we're just doing it in
small chunks to make sure that there's
no gotchas. We're going this through
this right now with the journal, the IEG
journal, which again you can sign up
with the link down below. Right now with
the journal, we are taking a big influx
of people. We're stopping anyone else
signing up. So then we can go refine,
talk with people, making sure
everything's working great. Okay, nice.
Now we just open it up today as you're
watching this. It's open. You can go
sign up now. We're going to take in
another influx of people. We'll stop it
to see again how's it going? How's this
scaling? Are there any bugs that we
didn't see before with that first uh
initial intake of of customers? And now
with these new set of clients, does that
all of a sudden surface some some issues
that we need to make sure we take care
of? We are biasing for great customer
experience, a customer experience, a
great tool, a great resource rather than
just maximizing users. If we want to do
that, hey, that's easy. We could open up
for everyone else and we could offer
another crappy product just like so many
other people have. We don't want to do
that. We want to be world class. We want
to be a tool that becomes imperative
that you have to use, a tool that
becomes part of your day-to-day because
it offers so much value. Again, that's
the power of this trading journal. It's
built by traders for traders. So, we
know exactly what we want, exactly what
we're looking for. And guess what? We're
even taking some requests from clients.
We are genuinely trying to make this a
very solid product. And I imagine that's
what Tesla's doing, too. They're not
going to want to just scale up to 3
5,000 vehicles without having sat at 500
for a little bit, 750 for a little bit
because as you scale, new problems arise
that you wouldn't have seen otherwise.
This is the proper way to do it. You
need to protect your current client
base, the current users, because they
also deserve to have a good experience.
They also deserve you to iterate as you
go. And really, it's going to be on
Tesla's brand if they just rush this
out. So, I imagine that's what they're
doing. Now, as far as the stock goes,
look, we got earnings coming up. Okay,
this is all going to be up to how the
Tesla leadership decide to run this
call. Do they decide to come out there
all press depressive like they have been
lately? Or are they going to talk to the
amazing numbers that they have the last
two quarters? The slide decks crushed
the stock went up like crazy and then
they decided to start talking and they
spoke in a way that the market said,
"What the hell is wrong with these
people?" Like what I It's like I don't
trust what I'm reading here in the
numbers, but this is what leadership's
doing and leadership is not leading us
to want to invest in this company.
leadership is telling us, hey, yeah,
great numbers, but like we kind of
aren't confident in any of this and
that's going to have people sell off
because they don't have confidence and
it's clearly a sell the news event. A a
buy the rumor, sell the news or buy the
rumor to the moon. That's all up to
leadership and how they talk about
things. Now, there's this narrative out
there that it could just be that Elon is
wanting Tesla to be down because of
SpaceX acquisition, all that, yada yada
yada. I don't think so. If anything, I
think that Elon wants both of them to
essentially be at the same market cap uh
just to be closer tied to one another. I
think that'd be easier from a merge
perspective. But again, I don't know
what I don't know. All right? So, I'm
not going to sit here and assume it. At
the end of the day, none of us know
what's going to happen. So, there's
nothing we can do with that information.
We can speculate all we want. It does no
good. We can't make any good decisions
off of that speculation. What can we do?
Well, we can make sure we don't have any
cover calls on and getting our stock
called away when at 450 when they might
be bought out for 600. After all,
Chimoth did signal a 50% premium. We
could make sure that we don't buy leaps
that are going to never see actual
appreciation. We can make sure that we
don't do stupid things knowing what we
know. We know there might be a SpaceX
acquisition. Same way with the uh the
earnings coming up. We could be smart
and make sure we don't sell cover calls
going through earnings because there's a
risk it might go up. Yeah, it could go
down. I get that. But obviously, you
don't care about it going down because
you've been in the stock for so long.
You're used to that. What you would
probably care more about at this point
is seeing the stock go up when you
thought you're getting cute selling
cover calls at 420. Next you know we go
to 430 450 like oh damn. Like I wouldn't
have mind getting my shares called away
but not at 420. Not at 420. Not after
all this. Maybe at 500, sure. But at
420, oh man, what did I do? I don't
think you want that. Maybe you do. I
don't know. I'm just some guy on the
internet. All right, listen. We're going
to leave it there. I'm going to go spend
time with my family because I got to
edit this, get it out there. But
remember, we've got the options crash
course in September. That's open now.
Sign up. Like I said, June uh or July
filled up in the first week of June.
August essentially closed out in the end
of the second week of July. And now
September's open, so it's probably going
to fill up quick. Uh, again, like I
said, I don't know what the plan is for
October, November, December. That's
holidays, that's birthdays, you know, I
don't even know where I'm going to be in
the country or if I'm even going to be
in the United States. So, I don't know
what I don't know. I don't want to plan
that far out ahead. Um, so I don't want
to commit to anything. And then the zero
day course also, that's going to be at
the end of August. That might be the
last one for quite some time. So, if
you're interested, if you've taken the
opposite crafts course, uh, go ahead
and, uh, you can sign up for that one.
And then lastly, the journal. Like I
said, we're only going to keep it open
for a little bit limited of time while
we get that next influx of users so that
we can close it and we can see how how
how are things looking? Do we find any
new bugs during that scale out? And
obviously, we need these moments to be
able to add net new features. Uh we just
added a whole bunch of new features. The
the platform is is just like it's so
crazy what Daniel has done with this
that you got to check it out. Um all
right, we're going to leave it there. I
think I covered everything I wanted to.
Uh, guys, have a great weekend. It's
going to be a great week. It's, you
know, it's all up to us up here what we
make of it. And yeah, I'll see you guys
on Wednesday. I'll be on with Herbert,
Alexandra, CERN, Jeff, Larry, all the
good people. We'll be on there. You
know, we'll be keeping it honest. You
know, we'll call it as we see it. Uh,
some of you may like it, some of you may
not. I don't know what I'm going to say,
but I'm just going to tell you what's on
top of mind. That's the best part about
not having ads. I mean, I guess you
might see YouTube ads, but that's
YouTube. That's not me. I don't have
sponsors. Uh I don't ask for sponsors. I
I I throw away I shoe away sponsors. Uh
financially independent, so I can just
speak my mind. You know, at least you're
going to get 100% of the truth from me.
Uh at least what I think. Doesn't mean
I'm going to be right always, but I
think I've been right a lot. So, we're
going to leave it there. Thank you all.
Have a great Sunday. Cheers.