Channel:     futureaza
Title:       SPACE X: The Biggest Financial Event Of The Year Is Almost Here
URL:         https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Og_-NJKBi10
Published:   2026-06-09 12:00 UTC
Fetched:     2026-06-09 13:00 UTC

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

With a SpaceX IPO just seconds away, it
feels like it's going to be a big
anticipated move happening. I will be
covering it live when it goes public on
the big day, of course, because what
else am I going to do? There are a lot
of questions swirling about does the IPO
even make sense? Is everyone thinking
about buying it, losing their minds, and
what on earth is going to happen if
Tesla and SpaceX themselves merge? I've
got some questions and I found some
articles that are a little bit baddy.
And when I'm thinking baddy, I know
who's gonna help me make some sense of
it all. This is Randy Kirk.
Yes. Yes. I mean, he's
&gt;&gt; he's bad himself, but that's okay
because we'll get through it either way.
I'm Brian. Welcome to Futurasa.
&gt;&gt; How come you didn't string any lights on
your trees, Brian? You got no trees, got
no lights.
So I am in uh Detroit. We finish up in
Moskegan over the weekend. We had the
big summer meetup. Next year we're
planning to hold it on this side of the
peninsula in the Detroit area. A lot
more venue opportunities, a lot more
opportunity for people to come out and
join us who otherwise couldn't. And you
know, it's a Delta hub, so you can fly
direct. I don't usually uh partake of
carbonated beverages. Uh and Coca-Cola,
not a sponsor, but you know, Delta and
Coca-Cola both Atlanta favorites. Gotta
do what I got to do. You ask for a
beverage, they hand it to you. It'd be
disrespectful to decline. Hey, let's
talk about this article here.
Prediction. SpaceX won't merge with
Tesla. It's going to buy this
Nvidiabacked AI company instead. Just
going to read a little bit of it.
Doesn't want to play back the video,
which is great by me. According to
freshly published details, pricing is
expected to be at 135 a share, which
means they're going to raise 75 above
above a billion dollars, the largest of
any company in history. What do they
even need all that money for? Well,
they're going to buy Nvidia chips.
They're going to build out their own
terapab, etc. Uh, but SpaceX could be
interested in Nokia. Randy,
what is going on right now?
&gt;&gt; Well, okay. So, I don't think that the
the idea in the article is that somehow
the SpaceX wants to be even more
vertical than they already are and that
this and that Nokia could give them some
kind of that verticality. Um, I think
that test that SpaceX probably is as
vertical as they need to be already and
that to the extent that they want to buy
additional companies, they're going to
be things like the cursor purchase which
is going to give them immediate revenue.
Um, I I think that's more where SpaceX
would be if they're going to do anything
and they're not going to do anything
that's going to be in cash. it's it's
going to be a a stock trade are or
they're not going to go because they
need massive massive amounts of capital
uh to build out Terraab to start making
uh I don't know uh spaceships uh on a
line on a
thousand starships a year. You know, it
might cost a couple of bucks to start
doing that.
&gt;&gt; Rumor has it those aren't free. Uh I
will need a citation. I'll look into it
and let you guys know next week. The
reality is if you'd have asked me two or
three years ago, uh, how will an AI
company make money? I'd have said
poorly, if at all. But we now see
companies putting millions of dollars
into tokens every month for their staff
to work more efficiently and effectively
to replace sometimes 10 or 20 people who
weren't doing all that much perhaps. uh
to output more uh information more
quickly, whatever it may be that is the
use case. And well uh how will XAI make
money? Well, they're making billion
dollar deals left and right to rent out
their compute. And that is exciting.
That is a good thing. And if they're
able to build them more quickly than the
competition, which they are, stand them
up at record speed, which they are, uh,
then the only question is, do they have
good, clean algorithms? That's not your
problem when you're renting it out. Uh,
but for your own compute, it is. And it
appears that they do. And well, how do
you make money with a space company? You
put stuff in space. Pretty sure that's
how it works. Tesla could become SpaceX.
sorry, could become the largest ISP in
the world, surpassing the two companies
in China that each have over 300 million
subscribers. SpaceX just passed 12
million, they announced very recently,
12 million active subscribers. That
makes them uh larger than many of the
most famous ISPs in history.
&gt;&gt; And they're adding a million a month.
And according to Brian Wong, with the ex
extension that they're putting on the
building right now, they will be adding
1.5 million a month later, if not this
year, into early next year.
&gt;&gt; It is entirely possible. I don't know if
the million a month has maintained. I
haven't looked at the timeline since
this announcement. So,
just make making sure I understand Yahoo
Finance is kind of just throwing stuff
at the wall at this point, right? Like
why on earth would SpaceX want to buy
Na?
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Well, again, they could fill a
slot in the in the stack. Okay. We you
and I wrote a book with a few of our
friends called AI Rising and we talked
about the stack and he who and and the
book was based on the idea that he who
he who controls the stack will be the
big winner in the AGI race. Well, right
now, Anthropic is turning out to be the
big winner in the AI race, and they
don't have anything in the stack. They
got they got zips. Well, they got the
the software, they've got the
intellectual capacity, but they don't
own the they don't even own the data
centers. They're they're renting those
from us, from us, from SpaceX. So, um
yeah. So, we've got now it's us. I used
to say us for Tesla. Now, I'm saying us
for SpaceX, too.
It doesn't seem to me like again this is
not an a critical enough element in the
stack. SpaceX already has you know
between Tesla and SpaceX they basically
have everything in the stack. I don't
think Nokia's enough of a a benefit and
it's a lot of money probably a hundred
billion.
&gt;&gt; Crazy because Nokia was sold for scrap
to Microsoft back in the day and that
was probably a fair price. They had a
bunch of great IP, but the business side
was falling apart. So, this is uh not a
surprise to you. You knew this was
coming up, but the viewers didn't. I've
got a solution. You know, if I want to
make some good money, and you know me, I
don't. I want to I want to find an
automotive company I can trust that has
good returns,
4% yield on Ford dividend. Uh, that
seems help me out here. Suspiciously
high. Uh, what's what? So, let's just
take a look. Uh, they've been on a tear
for the hundth time. I'm not interested
in your garbage. Yahoo. Sure. Ford
shares have been on a tear in the past
12 months. They've climbed 44% three of
the last four quarters. They reported
profits that exceeded analyst estimates.
Now, I know on your show we talked about
this and you you say, "Oh, uh, Ford is
giving up. GM is giving up." Uh, but
they're not giving up. They just have a
new plan for for profit. Randy, write
off everything and now any new money is
profit.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, that's one way to do it. The other
way to do it is to do what I don't know
all the great companies that are no
longer in business like Sears and Kmart
and others did and that is um
optimize your uh legacy products,
optimize your dinosaurs
while there's still a big market for
them. And then uh you know you get
you'll get all this cash in. You can
send it out as dividends. the president
will continue to make her her bonuses,
his bonuses rather in this case in
Ford's case or the CEO. Um, and
everybody else will make their bonuses.
Uh, but then there'll be that day. There
will be that day when actually I think
it was in January of this year Sears
closed their last four physical
locations. Um, so that's our opinion.
That's my opinion. is probably your
opinion that Ford if they don't get
their act together and start doing
something more effective with bees and
with auto autonomous driving they're
going to be closing their fort less for
retail stores.
It's insane to look at such shortterm
thinking and consider if my investment
strategy was different. Maybe I'd say,
well, the coming year is going to be
rocky, I'll take 4%, buy Ford, sell it
if it but the problem is if in a year
they say, yeah, we're not doing those
dividends anymore. That was a crazy
idea. The stock is going to fall by more
than 4%. So, it's a I I don't know. I
think this is a psychological trick.
They're trying to play on someone, not
me. I'm not I'm not going for that one.
Uh Ford's yield dividend at 4.06.
Nobrainer to buy in June. After its huge
surge, the valuation remains low for a
reason. I would point out Ford shares
trade at a at a price to earnings
multiple of 11.3
a 56 discount percent discount to the
broader S&amp;P.
&gt;&gt; And why? Uh I'll tell you why. It's
because the long-term vision
&gt;&gt; to me appears absent. I've had an
opportunity over the last few days to
talk to a former Ford engineer who
helped write the software that managed
their warranty claims. They don't use
that system anymore. The database became
too large to manage in the language it
was coded in. They switched to a new
one. And heck, while we're at it, why
don't we just adopt a whole new
philosophy? Specifically, one that
doesn't work. It is not sufficiently
proactive. It is barely reactive. And
unless they make major changes, the
warranty situation is not going to get
better. You need rapid response. When
you've got eight cars with a problem
that all show up at the same time, you
need to look at where that root causes
and address it because there's certainly
200 more out there, if not 2,000 that
have this problem and it hasn't surfaced
yet. Ford is not doing it. Can you go
ahead? I was just going to say, yeah,
they they notoriously for the last three
years, counting, I guess two and a half,
counting this year, have had the highest
number of uh of uh uh you know, vehicles
returned. Not returned, but uh uh uh
&gt;&gt; warranty claims are skyhigh. Lemon
returns are not doing great.
&gt;&gt; But they've had to send out they've had
to send out the the word they were,
Brian. You know, you have to send out
recall
&gt;&gt; recall notice. They had to send out the
recall notice. They have the by far the
highest number of actual recalls where
they actually have to come back to the
factory. It's going year after year now.
And again, they keep saying that they're
going to do something about it. Not
happening. Still this year continued.
Last time I checked, I will admit that
was I don't know 45 days ago. So, but as
of 45 days ago, year to date, they were
winning again in that particular battle.
It doesn't feel like winning, but if
your metric is over the land recalls,
then I guess it's better than nothing. I
have a challenge for you, Randy Kirk.
Are you ready?
&gt;&gt; Yes.
&gt;&gt; Say something nice about Ford. And it's
a serious one, actually. You know, let's
say you bump into someone at a party and
they just started working there and you
want them to feel good about themselves.
What can you say? Jim Farley seems like
a really nice guy,
&gt;&gt; but that's not about the company. That's
about person. And that's not about
business. That's about personality. Can
you say anything nice?
&gt;&gt; I'll say the
&gt;&gt; the Maky has loyal, happy customers.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, it was not badl looking. It was
pretty good-looking.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; Okay. Um I'm really struggling past
that. Um,
&gt;&gt; if you like really really big trucks,
you know,
&gt;&gt; they they do have a promotion at the
moment in uh friends and family pricing
or employee pricing for everyone, which
to me just means that employees are
overpaying, but
I don't know. I'd really like to see uh,
you know, Ford has permitted a writer
from Tom's Hardware to come in and see
their skunk works project. It was a
hilarious article. They allowed someone
in who had no expertise in the field.
And I assume that was on purpose because
they wouldn't know how to ask the
critical questions. And in the article,
she explained that more than one
engineer came up to me, looked me in my
eyeballs, and said, "The best part is no
part." Which sounds like a cry for help.
I think they're trying to escape.
They're telling you they want to be
somewhere that gets it. Yeah, it was
interesting because connecting the dots
quoted that same article or quoted that
same quote and it turns out that that is
of course directly out of the mouth
mouth of Elon Musk as uh artist and
Toyota also is now taking that same
philosophy. The question I had all
morning as I was listening by the way
people that
&gt;&gt; that that can take the time they should
look at that connecting the dots video.
One of the best I've ever heard him do.
Um but it was like um uh they they were
quoting Elon. They they've hired both
Toyota and Ford have hired ex uh uh uh
Tesla employees. Uh they are quoting
Elon um and doing exactly what Elon's
been been doing. Uh but so why haven't
why didn't they do that earlier? Why
aren't they doing it with FSD now?
So part of the answer is they did hire
those people earlier. Uh the skunk works
operation for the EVs was set up using
former Tesla people. So that's why
you've got so much Tesla philosophy in
there is these are Tesla people. Um on
FSD, I don't know the answer. I think
they're just stubborn. Uh there are a
lot of companies in China that have
chosen to license Huawei's tech because
they say, "Well, I can see you've spent
many billions and you haven't quite
cracked it yet. What chance do I have?
Sure, I might not make money on having
your FSD in my car, but at least I'll
have a car that has FSD." Right.
&gt;&gt; And that's and that's a very serious
reality is you got to make something
that
you don't have to make money on every
single piece. You need to keep selling
cars. And I think a real mistake that
Ford made was getting rid of entrylevel
cars. Your uh Ford Escorts, your Ford
Focuses. They didn't make money on those
cars, but they got people into the brand
and could from their foster brand
loyalty.
&gt;&gt; You can't do that if the first Ford
you're going to buy is $80,000.
It's the wrong number. It's too high.
Randy, am I forgetting anything?
&gt;&gt; I don't think so. Uh, you know, we
didn't take any time to slam General
Motor Voters, but there's always another
show.
&gt;&gt; There's always another show. GM, of
course, is doing another stock buyback.
Ridiculous. I can only imagine what
their share price would be if they
weren't the largest single buyer of GM
stock. Guys, in the comments, what do we
miss? What do we misunderstand? Leave
it. I beg of you. Everyone else,
subscribe. Pretty please. It really does
make a difference. Uh, and everyone
else, you know, stay tuned. Stay juicy.
And I cannot wait to hear from you
clever robots when I'm back in the
studio, which will be, you know, for
tomorrow's