Channel:     investingagainstthegrain
Title:       Bears And Bulls Are Now Calling For a Stock Market Sell OFF And Tesla Is Ready To Run.
URL:         https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cQCLQrbd_XU
Published:   2026-06-01 02:54 UTC
Fetched:     2026-06-01 08:00 UTC

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

The bears are out calling for a market
crash. Even Tom Lee, the bull, is saying
that we're going to have a 20% sell-off.
Are they right? Is there anything we can
look at, any indicators that can tell us
a crash is coming or a correction is on
its way? And why is Daario and Sam
Alman, the CEOs of Anthropic and OpenAI
all of a sudden changing their tunes and
actually agreeing with what I've been
saying since 2024 when it comes to AI in
the jobs market. And finally, Tesla is
set up to hit all-time highs, and the
smart money knows it. Let's discuss.
&gt;&gt; You're crazy.
&gt;&gt; As we enter June, you're going to start
hearing more and more of people talking
about sell-offs and corrections. Why?
Because the stock market's at all-time
highs, and we're essentially getting
into that halfway point of the year.
We're going to see this more and more.
Like I said, you've seen Tom Lee talk
about a 20% selloff. You're going to see
lots of bears come out. They've already
been coming out, but I want to try to
maybe get a little noise and signal
separation here so we can see what
signal. So, I'll tell you some of the
classic noise that people talk about.
So, the Buffet indicator. So,
essentially what the Buffet indicator
does is it takes the total stock market
value and compares it to the US GDP. And
currently, we're sitting at 237%. This
is all-time highs. The problem with the
buff indicator is that it only looks at
the US GDP and it only looks at the
total stock market returns for the US.
The problem with GDP is that now our GDP
is not the best metric to understand the
valuation earnings for companies. Why?
Because companies get about 40% of all
their profits now from overseas. This
indicator that really started at the end
of the 90s or early 2000s is not
something that I think is really a good
predictor of what's to come. It's just
something that gets a lot of clicks
because it's got the name Buffett in it.
I think that's just noise and you're
going to see a lot of that. I guarantee
it. The other one's the cape ratio. The
cape ratio essentially measures stock
prices compared to their last 10-year
inflation adjusted earnings. The problem
with the cape ratio once again is that
it does not take into account all the
productivity we've seen, all the
technology changes that we've had, AI,
productivity, software, SAS, all that,
and it's looking back 10 years. So,
there's a lot of anomalies there. The
other anomalies that it doesn't account
for the fact that we saw all everything
that happened with COVID in 2022, we had
shutdowns. It doesn't account for that
noise. And so, that is currently sitting
at a 42.7. again extremely high, second
only to do bubble. But again, it's noise
and it only looks at the US. It doesn't
take into account the rest of the world.
So again, that's another one we can just
ignore in my opinion. But you're going
to hear a lot of noise about it. It's
you're going to see it. Everyone's going
to talk about it. Buffet indicator, cape
ratio. What's the other one? Margin
debt. Right now, we're at historic
levels at 1.3 trillion in margin debt.
Now margin debt people will say is a
good indicator because margin will tell
will tell you that right now we have
excessive speculation
people taking margin out to buy stocks
and this is risky right this is
essentially what was happening in 1929
the fear that they're going to put out
there is that we're at 1.3 trillion why
is that maybe not a cogent way of
looking at things yes we're at all-time
highs but we're also at all times highs
in credit card debt that's another one
you hear people talk about but of course
we are we have more money than we've
ever had. We have higher prices for
everything. We have higher inflation for
everything. You can also say that wealth
is at all-time highs. Money and money
market's all-time highs. The valuation
is at all-time highs. Houses are at
all-time highs. Everything's at all-time
highs. But what they'll do is they'll
cherrypick the 1.3 trillion debt, record
credit card uh levels of debt, record
amount of people being delinquent on
their debt when it comes to credit
cards, like all this. But of course,
we're society. We've grown. We print
money. It's grown. These may sound scary
and they make good for headlines and
clicks for all this media out there. But
again, it's noise. Is there anything we
can use to actually find some signal?
Well, when it comes to metrics like
this, I would say there is one, and that
is a inverted yield curve. What does
that mean? Well, just so you know, a
inverted yield curve, first of all, has
predicted every recession that we've
ever had since the 1950s. That's
interesting. But what it is essentially
if the 2-year yields pay more than the
10-year, for example, that's an inverted
yield curve. Because really, we should
be paying more for 10 years than 2
years. When those invert, that is signal
that, hey, something's wrong with the
economy because we're paying more for
shorter term duration rather than
longerterm duration. And that is a
classic signal that we're coming up into
a recession. However, it's not that
clean. While it was a good predictor
going into the dot bubble, the dot com.
And if you would have seen that, you
would have acted accordingly, sold some
assets, gotten cash heavy, derisked, you
would have been great. But if you would
have done that in the great recession
period, well, it inverted at the end of
2006, but really we didn't peak for the
great recession till 18 months later in
' 07. It would have been about 18 months
of you sitting out of the market. You
would been you would have felt probably
like you were really early or that you
were wrong this time and you would have
made decisions that you probably would
have regretted in the moment. Now again,
hindsight, you'd be like, "Oh, that was
a brilliant move." But let we have to
think reality. I I want to tell you
things that you can go and actually use
in the real world. And we all know in
the real world, if we make a decision to
derisk and sell a lot of assets, get
cash heavy, and be protected, and for
the next 18 months, we just see the
market go up, we're going to feel like
idiots. That's not going to be the best
signal for us either. But it is one for
us to pay attention to. And so that's
why I will keep it on the list, and
we'll put a pin in that for a second.
Schiller, Buffett, margin. Hey, it's
interesting to look at, but we got to
ignore them. The the other reason to
ignore them too is because keep in mind
the Schiller and the Buffett uh
indicators, those can stay high for long
periods of times, like years before we
ever see a recession or anything. But
the inverted yield curve tends to
actually be a pretty good signal that
things are about to happen, not too
long. The only again hiccup on that was
during the Great Recession. But again,
let's put a pin on that one for a second
because maybe we can couple that with
something else. So, most of you know
that I like to look at momentum
indicators. I'm not a technical analysis
person. I don't like doing charts and
all that stuff, but momentum is real.
Momentum is real in life, in nature,
whether it's a river or an ocean. It's
real in with physics, with electricity.
It's real in little things like when
you're studying, or you're starting to
work on something and you start to get
some momentum. It's real in sports when
one team has momentum versus the other
one. Momentum is also real in the stock
market. And I like to look at it to let
me know a little bit about where things
are going because I think the market is
a much better predictor of what's to
come than any of the talking heads out
there. So, let's look at some examples.
What I'm going to be using throughout
this is going to be the BX trender.
We've talked about that a lot, but we're
going to be looking at it from a monthly
perspective. So, each one of these bars
you're going to see on the BX trender is
a monthly. So here, let's take a look at
this. You can see that we've got three
different indicators here. The very top,
that's just the stock price. Below that,
where you see those uh dark red uh bars
and then light bars and light green and
then dark green bars, that's the BX
trender. That's where we're going to be
focusing on. And below that is the RSI,
relative strength indicator. So, I want
you to focus in the middle here, just
the BX trender. For this first example,
what I want us to look at is Monday, uh
Monday the 3rd, January 2022. Really,
what we're looking at is just January
2022. If you guys remember 2022 was a
very rough time in the market because it
came right after drone pow at the end of
2021 said that they were going to start
raising rates. It also was right before
uh Russia invaded Ukraine. So if you
recall pretty much for most of 2022
market was not great. It was actually
really really bad and it was the one of
the longest stretches we've had in quite
some time with a bad market. However, if
you look here, if you would have seen
the monthly go red here on Monday, uh
the 3rd of January 2022 and you would
have sold out of there. Now, if you look
above 4,778 is where the S&amp;P currently
was. All these are going to be S&amp;P. So,
it was at 4,778. All right? You would
have gotten out there and avoided the
rundown all the way down to 3,200, call
it 3,300 on the S&amp;P. And you would have
avoided that entire thing just by
looking at the monthly BX trend there
because it told you the momentum was
going red. and that would have been a
signal for you to get out. So that
worked in 2022. Let's look at another
example. Here we have CO. Here we can
see again that the monthly turned red
and if we would have gotten out at about
3,382
was the peak and let's say we got out at
the bottom of this monthly, we would
have gotten out, you know, maybe 200
points lower, but we would have avoided
the 25% drop that the S&amp;P did. And this
was during COVID. All right, so it
worked there as well. Let's see another
one here. Again, you can see where I
have the current uh line going through
it that it was green. But then the very
next month, it goes uh red. So October,
as you can see on the bottom there,
Monday, October 1st, 2007, that was the
peak of the market going into the great
recession. The very next month, you can
see there printed red. Now, if you would
have gotten out there, yes, you would
have given up some gains, okay? But you
would have gone from call it almost
1,600 and you would have gotten out
about 1,400. Again, that's 200 points.
You would have been down, but you would
have avoided the 50 plus% that the
market dropped, right? It dropped like
60%. You would have avoided all of that
and that was the great recession. Now,
remember the inverted yield curve lag by
18 months. So, if you would have had the
inverted yield curve plus looked at this
for your indicator, that would have been
a really good signal for you. Let's see
if there's another example. Take a look
at this one here. Once again, we can see
that we go from light from dark red to
light red. exactly where I have this
line going from top to bottom here on
the BX trender. And that's actually a
positive momentum signal telling us,
hey, hey, you know, the momentum is
changing to the upside, right? When you
see it go from dark red to a a smaller
light red bar, that's a good indicator.
So, here we could see that we went from
a dark red to the left of this line I
have going up and down, the dotted line,
uh, and it went to a lighter smaller red
bar. That tells you that market's going
up. Okay, great, right? That's a good
thing. However, this was the peak of the
dot bubble. This is the peak. And so it
was a good signal for telling us that
the market was going to keep going up a
little bit more. But look at this. The
very next one is a dark little but it's
a dark red one. Why is it dark? Well,
because it's a lower low compared to the
light red one, right? So when we have
lower lows, it's going to go dark red.
So this again would have told you, hey,
time to get out. You don't need to be in
in the stock market whenever we see that
the BX trend on the monthly is red. And
should you have done that, if you would
have just done that, you would have
avoided this entire massive drop. again
more than a 50% drop on the entire
market and you would have been able to
avoid all of it. So now let's look at
where we currently are in the market
especially since we can anticipate a lot
of this fear and doomsday that we're
going to hear from all the talking heads
out there. Let's look at where we
currently are. What's the monthly BX
currently saying about where we are? So
here we can see again I have the dotted
line going through it. This is where we
currently are sitting. This is the end
of May. May has officially closed out on
the BX trender because the month of May
has closed out and it printed green. And
if you look at the month before that,
April, it was light red. Why is it light
red? Again, because the previous month
was March and March went from dark red,
which would be lower low, to light red,
which means that momentum is changing
up. And as we all know, April was a
great month. As we all know, May was a
great month. But as we also all know,
March was not a great month. See how
this works? Pretty good. Pretty
reliable, isn't it? So, as far as I'm
concerned right now in this market,
we're actually in good shape. I'm not
too worried about it. At least not when
I look at the BX trender. Now, with
looking at all this, maybe you guys were
also looking at the RSI, the line below
that. Here's the problem with the RSI,
which also has the same problem with the
K Schiller and the Buffett indicator.
The RSI can be overbought, meaning at
the very top, a lot longer than anything
that's real signal for us when it comes
to making decisions in the market. The
same goes with the Quesilla and the
Buffet indicator. It's not that they're
completely useless, is that they're not
good barometers for is something
happening in the market. Momentum is a
good barometer for that. So, let's give
you just an example of how RSI can just
stay high for a very long time. So,
let's look here. This is again still on
that same monthly timetable, but look at
RSI, that line at the the line at the
very bottom. And you can see that it's
overbought. It's above 70 for all these
months really years from essentially mid
1996 all the way to call it mid 1998 to
1999. It was a it was overbought. Okay.
So that would not have been a great
signal for you to get out of the market.
However, if you look at the monthly BX,
it would have. If you're going to sit
there and worry about what should you
do, when should you get out, is the
market too frothy? Well, we're going to
look at a couple other things. But I
would say if you're looking for some
type of indicator for a recession or
something to really be concerned about,
I would do two things. One, I would keep
an eye on the monthly to see what's
going on. Let's see what where momentum
is going. And that should be a good
indicator for you to maybe do something
or not do something. For me, if I see
the monthly go red, you know what I'm
going to do? I'm going to lighten up on
my on my trades. I might do some
defensive trades uh for my my holdings.
As you all know, I'm essentially an
all-in Tesla investor. So, maybe I'll
sell some calls, uh, some some covered
calls to protect my shares, especially
if I see the monthly going down, because
it's just going to allow me to get ahead
and properly risk mitigate what's going
on. Right now, I think things are good.
And the other thing I would keep an eye
out for is the 10 and 2year yield
inversion. Right now, we're not
inverted. Everything looks healthy. The
2-year is currently sitting about 4% and
the 10ear is at about 4.45%. This is
healthy. This is very normal. And if the
2-year goes from 4% up to 5% and the
10year is still at that 4.4% that's
inversion then we have a problem. So
let's look at some other data to tell us
how we are currently doing this economy
and why maybe yeah the economy is hot
and is booming that's not a bad thing.
So here we can see a line graph of the
forward PE multiple for the S&amp;P 500 uh
over the past you know couple decades.
And what you can see here is that in
2025 we were actually higher with the
S&amp;P PE multiple than we are now. we say
call it roughly 23. All right, you can
see it there. It kind of peaked out
there. But with all the earnings we've
had from Micron, Sandis, Nvidia, on and
on. They've had a lot of good earnings
and those earnings have brought the
multiple down. So now we're actually
sitting about 20 21 on that PE multiple.
So that actually shows us that yes,
although we're very bullish and very
feeling frothy and euphoric in the
markets, it doesn't mean that it's
overvalued. Actually, it's actually
valued less now than what it was this
time last year because we've had all
this earning growth. Right now, the
multiple is actually looking pretty good
on the S&amp;P 500. Now, let's look at this
from a different angle. Peter shows us
here that we had some bad news that the
consumer sentiment just hit all-time
lows. The good news is that historically
that's been a really good contrarian
indicator. The worse people feel about
the future, the better stock market has
performed. Isn't that funny? So, if you
look down below here, here's what we
see. the highest consumer sentiment that
we've ever had, like the top 3% if you
will. Whenever we have that, the stock
market, the S&amp;Ps, actually only returned
about 2.2%. However, if you look to the
right, we've had the lowest consumer
sentiment, right? When people are saying
that they are feeling the worst, so the
bottom 3%, every time that's happened,
it's actually returned us almost 20% on
the S&amp;P. So, this way seems contrarian.
So, when consumers are feeling really
good, the stock market doesn't perform
well. When consumers are feeling bad,
the stock market does perform well. This
probably has something to do with the
fact that when people are not getting
euphoric out there, feeling really
great, you know, just yelling to
everything, that tells us that we're far
from a top. However, when we have the
opposite, that's normally where we're at
a top. Let's look at this from one more
angle here. We can see the greed and
fear index. And right now, it is sitting
here at 60 at greed. This is not overly
euphoric. This is not overly greedy.
This is actually a pretty normal spot to
be. So, let's wrap this all up real
quick with the market. So, you're going
to hear a lot of bears out there, a lot
of talking heads, and you're going to
hear a lot of doomsday out there. To me,
I love hearing that because that tells
me that we're not overly euphoric in
this market. Now, that doesn't mean
every stock is, you know, created equal
and they're all going to do great and go
up forever. I have no idea about that.
I'm just looking at things from macro
perspective. And what I want to do is
make sure that if the market's going to
tumble or if we're going to have a big
crash or we're going to have a
recession, I want to be able to try to
see it before it comes. So, for me, I'm
going to do a few things. One, I'm going
to keep an eye on the 10 and two-year.
If they invert, okay, that's signal I'm
going to start paying attention to
something. Number two, I'm going to just
keep an eye on the monthly BX trender
for the S&amp;P 500. Again, if that goes
red, I'm going to be very protective of
my portfolio. I'll likely trade a lot
less bullish and I'll either get flat
and do more strangles or I'll just be
selling a lot of calls. Furthermore,
I'll sell calls against my Tesla shares
more aggressively because if the market
comes down, Tesla's coming down as well.
And then I'll also just keep an eye on
market awareness, just understanding
what's going on to see if I have my own
opinion about what the market is doing
or not doing. And again, the fear and
greed index is always another good one
to just understand what the current
sentiment of the market is. Okay, so
before we get into the Sam Alman,
Daario, Anthropic, Open AAI, and all the
Tesla stuff, I want to talk about how
I've done this month for trading. Uh
again, if you are subbed to me on X, uh
I will post the screenshots of all the
trades I did for this month so you guys
can see it. Audit it for yourself if you
want. But here's my result. Uh for all
of May, I brought in 213,743.
This is just trading. This is does not
include any like Tesla appreciation or
anything like that, right? This is
purely trading. Selling puts, selling
calls, getting assigned, uh covering
them with uh covered calls, right? That
that's all that's all I'm doing here.
So, that brought in 213,000. Call it
214,000 roughly. I had 62 trades. I won
all of them. I want to just be honest
with you guys. This is not normal. I do
not normally have zero losers. It's
happened twice this year. Uh, but it's
only happened twice this year. Besides
this year, it hasn't happened since
2024. So, maybe I'm getting better at
trading, but as much as I wish that were
the case and that, you know, and maybe
it is. Who knows? I imagine that the
more you do something, you do get better
at it. But the truth is May's been a
really easy month to trade. When we're
in these bull markets and upward market,
it's really easy to trade. It's not a
rocket science. The real skill set in my
opinion, what's real impressive is what
I was able to do between January and
March, which is when we were in the down
market, the monthly BX, right? We saw
that. So, when we were in the down
market, was I still able to be
profitable on all those months of
trading? Yes, I was. To me, that's the
real skill set. And what I did in March
kind of not call Well, I did call the
bottom on Tesla and the markets, but not
so much calling the bottom. I don't
think that's what's impressive. What was
impressive is how I was able to flip the
portfolio to being defensive because we
are on a downtrend to all of a sudden
pivoting it to being in a bullish trend.
That was the real skill set. So, while
yes, I'm very obviously I'm very happy
that I had a $214,000 month without any
losers, but I want just to be grounded.
This isn't normal. I'll probably have my
first loss in June on my first trade
because this just isn't normal, right?
You won't see this that frequently. But
again, with what we do, we do lose very
little. we do tend to win the vast
majority of our trades. My my rate of
winning tends to be 95%. It was 90% uh
over the last couple years, but this
year I'm sitting at 95% success and
winning of all my trades. And so I also
want to give a shout out to everybody
who attended the zero day course uh this
past Saturday. I had a beautiful comment
here from from Ron Pierre. I think
that's how you say your full name. He
said, "Hi, Nick. Just finished the zero
DTE and two weeks ago crash course." So
he took both in a matter of two weeks.
He took the options crash course which
is a prerec for the zero DTE course zero
zero days expiration course. So he wrote
uh pulled allnighters here in Australia.
Got to say the content was absolutely
brilliant. I'm sure life-changing in
fact for anyone prepared to follow it. I
know it will be for me and I feel a
sense of excitement about the future it
opens. I have been trading for a while
using various ideas cobbled together for
uh from YouTube and reading your course
is much safer and more comprehensive way
to go. Thank you for that. The
probabilities you stack together are
mind-blowing good. You have given me an
air of confidence about trading I have
never had and the mental tools to combat
the many often justified negative
narratives regarding options and
trading. Looking forward to proving the
pudding. I thank you and I thank you and
my family grandkids will in turn thank
you and this will help futureproof us
against a changing world. Cheers. Love
that message. This is the entire reason
I like teaching and and coaching. Um,
it's just I just love this message.
Thank you so much. And then here is one
from Kosik who took the previous Zerodte
course. He said, "Highly recommend
Nick's course. There's an extra 15 grand
in my pocket from just 7 weeks of
part-time zero DTE trading." So again,
thank you for that, Kosik. And if you
guys don't know, I have a course coming
up uh in July. I just opened that one
up, Options Crash Course. You can find
the link for that below. And then I have
another zero uh DTE course that I will
be doing in August. That link's also
down below. I'll tell you right now,
sign up for them because they fill up.
All right, the May one filled up all the
way back in March and the June one uh
filled up about 2 weeks ago. All right,
so I just opened up the July and it's
already 25% filled up. So if you want to
get into these, join them quickly. July
and August, I'm going to have less
people in them because these are summer
months. So again, if you want to, don't
procrastinate. Sign up now. um that way
you don't miss out and you're not DMing
me later. All right, let's talk about
OpenAI and Anthropic. Take a look at
this. So, this is from Fortune. Fortune
says, and actually everyone was talking
about that about this. Sam Alman and
Daario are both walking back their AI
jobs apocalypse prophecies as AI
blockbuster IPOs. Man, did I know this
day was coming or what. What I've been
saying for a while are two things. one
that we will not see this doomsday AI
replacing jobs that everyone's been
talking about. The other thing is that
this has been a marketing scheme that
they've been doing. They've been in the
private markets and they've been trying
to attract venture capitalists and
outside money that isn't really tied to
retail and isn't tied to IPOing. And in
order for that, they created a lot of
hype for themselves. And the best type
of hype, as we know from news media out
there, is to do, you know, doomsday
stuff. Oh no, apocalyptic stuff. And
that's what they were doing. In my
opinion, they were having all this fear
out there, all this doomsday just to
raise capital. After all, if we look at
companies like Nvidia, Tesla, heck,
OpenAI, Anthropic, they're all hiring.
They're all hiring software engineers.
We don't see them with mass layoffs, now
do we? Now, I've gotten a lot of kind of
push back on this because I've been
talking about this for a few years. Take
a look at this. This one here is from
October in 2025 where I said, this is
what I was talking to Ben. Do you guys
know Ben from the courses? been uh this
morning. AI isn't really replacing jobs
in my opinion. It is reducing the need
for hiring. Employees are becoming more
efficient, better productivity. They uh
these are not the same thing. So my
point back here in October 2025 was that
yes, AI is useful and it's allowing
people to do more, but that's not the
same as replacing jobs. That's just
allowing one person to be able to do
more. Replacing jobs is what will happen
when Tesla launches robo taxis and we no
longer have a driver there. That's
replacing jobs. Now, let's look at
another example here. I said back in
March 11th of 2026, kind of recently
here, right? Look at all these open
positions that have to be filled and
haven't been replaced by AI. I'm so
confused. Why is why is it that the
biggest AI companies aren't doing mass
layoffs yet hiring like crazy for for
the very jobs I'm being told AI will
replace in 12 months? And it's kind of
hard to see here, but essentially Nvidia
and Anthropic were both uh were both
hiring for software engineers. The jobs
that apparently AI is the best at right
now and AI can displace everyone. I this
makes sense when you hear Dario or Sam
talking about it in the private markets
trying to raise capital, but when you're
in the real world and you're actually
out there seeing what companies are
doing, it's just not the reality of
things. Let's go uh let's let's see
another one here. Here I am talking
about Andrew Yang who uh made a
prediction. I said it's March 11th,
2026. Andrew Yang is saying that in the
next 12 months, we're going to see mass
layoffs due to AI. Bookmark this. In the
in the next 12 months, there will not be
mass layoffs due to AI. Okay, now we're
not 12 months past, so I'll give you
that. We're only a few months past, but
hey, clock is ticking. We're a quarter
of the way there. Okay, let's go even
further back. This is September 24th,
2025. I said, hey, I would not be
displacing jobs anytime soon outside of
robo taxi. And then here I am again.
This was September 4th of 2025. I said,
"Gen Aai and Agent AI are way overhyped.
The model providers are hyping it so
much to drive valuation. Truth on truth
on the ground doesn't match the hype.
Incredible, incredibly useful, yes." Uh,
amazing tech, yes. Productivity
increase, yes. Everything else is
marketing BS. And I stand by that. I've
been saying this since what, 2024. I
think AI is incredible and I think it
will lead to a lot of productivity. But
the true value and if there's going to
be job displacement in in the next
decade is going to be in autonomy and
robo taxis. That's my opinion. I've been
consistent. I'll tell you it's
interesting to see the top two AI
companies in the world uh start to all
of a sudden say what I've been saying
for the past few years. So I don't know,
maybe listen to people who are right a
lot. Again, we don't know what the
future holds. Maybe I'll be wrong and
I'll have the egg on my face. But for
now, Sam Alman and Daario are finally
saying what I've been saying. Now let's
talk Tesla. Tesla set up, you know, one
of the best situations that I have seen
in the past 6 years to run towards
all-time highs. Let's look at this from
a stock perspective just looking at the
momentum of it. And then let's look at
it from a what are they doing right now
perspective because it's one thing for
the stock to do something, but do our
actions actually speak louder than
words? Let's take a look. So, first of
all, let's look at this from a weekly
perspective. All right, so here we can
see the BX trender, and I've been
showing this to you guys. If you look on
the left, again, we're looking in the
middle area. Okay? So, those dark red
bars that you see, those were lower
lows, and that's why they're dark red.
And those were the periods where I was
telling you, don't sell cover calls.
Don't sell cover calls, right? I said
that over and over. And then, guess what
happened? Boom. We popped. Hence, those
small light red bars because it was very
clear we're going to pop. So, we did
pop. And since then, we've been on this
trajectory up and to the right. We've
seen higher lows and higher highs. All
right? So, that's what we want to see.
That's very healthy. So, on the weekly
uh timeline here, we're looking very
good from a m momentum perspective. And
you got to ask yourself, why is that?
What's where's this money coming from?
It's not from you and me. We're
long-term buying, hold in Tesla. At
least I don't think you've been selling.
I haven't been selling. So, I don't
think this is from us. And also, have
you been buying? Yeah, I've been buying
here and there, but I'm not buying
enough to move the stock the way it's
been moved. Where's this money coming
from? Well, let's look at this from a
monthly perspective. Here, we can see
the monthly. I've been telling you that
we need the monthly to close light red.
So, a higher low showing that the
momentum has changed directions. Now,
May was open and so obviously it wasn't
going to close until this past Friday.
And today at this recording, it's May
31st. It is closed. We officially have a
higher low, a light red bar here on the
BX trender. As we have seen in the past,
this tells us that we are set to move
higher. Now, what makes us so bullish is
if you look at the top here where you
see the 437 on the right and the black,
that's where the stock's currently
sitting at. We have not been at 437 this
time of the year in the last 5 6 years.
I know everybody always likes to say
that Tesla hasn't done anything in the
last 5 or 6 years. They're right if you
look at, hey, how high was it in 2026?
How high was it in 2025, 2024? Sure, if
you cherrypick that. But if you look at
June or if you look at May, this is the
highest it's ever been. This time last
year, we're like 200, 300. The year
before that, same kind of thing.
Actually, we're I think maybe in 100.
So, we are at the highest point we've
ever been this time of year with the
most bullish structure we've ever seen
this time of year. So, this is why I
think we're going to hit all-time highs
sooner than later. Now, when I don't
know what is soon, I don't know. It's
it's not long. I don't have a specific
date for you. I can't give that to you,
right? But what I can tell you is what I
see. And this is what the market's
doing. Now, we see this from the stock
perspective. What about the company? Are
they actually doing anything? Well, for
one, we've seen Joe Tagmire post all
these videos and they are printing cyber
cabs left and right. I was listening to
Herbert uh on if you don't watch him, I
don't know what you're doing. Right with
Herbert, go watch him. He had a great uh
episode recently where he talked about
how cyber cabs are being positioned in
all these cities that we see more and
more cyber cabs. uh dealer lots are are
removing vehicles to be sold and just
putting in uh black and red Model Y's
that have the moniker of the cyber cab
plus or a robo taxi plus all the cyber
cabs are there in Dallas in Houston,
right? They're clearly getting ready to
do something. We saw cyber cabs up in
Pennsylvania. I don't think you should
underestimate this. Now, the naysayers
are going to sit there and say, "Oh,
look at the robo taxi tracker. It's
dropping." Guys, this is this is
crowdsourced stuff. Tesla knows what
they're doing. And like any sane human
with a pulse and two eyes who can think
for themselves can see, oh, they're
printing all these cyber cabs. Oh, we're
seeing these cyberc cabs all over the
country. Oh, they're printing more. Oh,
I just used 14.3 and it's amazing. All
right, like there's something happening
here. And if that wasn't enough for you,
if that wasn't enough for you, take a
look at this. This was posted on
Thursday by James Stevenson at I can I
cannot enough. Great guy, also local
Floridaidian. He wrote here, "Breaking.
Tesla has been authorized by the state
of Texas to operate driverless vehicles
commercially under the new law that took
effect today, May 28th, 2026. Tesla has
officially self-certified the software
running on its robo taxi as level four.
Boom. Done. It has happened." I think
this might be one of the things Tesla
has been waiting for. So, they
self-certified. They're officially level
four. and now they can go out and
perhaps actually put cyber cabs into uh
production. Now there's all kinds of
other things as well. Uh we saw a
shockwami the leader of AI at Tesla he
said that soon that the cyber caps will
be rolling off the line and going into
the fac into produ or wow into work out
there in Austin. Uh this was on the back
of Elon reposting a video of the cyber
cabs driving themselves off the line and
going to the parking lots. I heard a lot
of people sit there and say, "Hey,
haven't they've already been doing
this?" Yeah, with Model Y's, but not
with the Cyber Cap. This is a good
signal that they are sitting there ready
to be kind of feature complete and
actually put the Cyber Caps out into
production, out into operation, out to
work as a shock would say. To me, for as
a Tesla investor, I am just extremely
excited for what's to come. Like I
showed you guys all the S&amp;P 500 right
now, it does not look like it's going to
sell off. There's no sign of the 10 and
2-year inverting. We don't see the
monthly on the S&amp;P 500 uh going down. In
fact, it's green right now. When it
comes to Tesla, we see that everything's
constructive. The weekly looks good. The
monthly looks good for momentum. We're
sitting at essentially near all-time
highs right now with Tesla at least its
all-time high for June at least or May
as well. And here we see that Tesla has
level four approval. We see all the
cyber cows being printed. You know, it's
like it doesn't take a rocket scientist
to see what's going on here. Uh although
I guess we do have one that is seeing
what's happening. To me, it's it's good
to be bullish. Now, again, always be
paranoid. You know, I always say trade
small, trade often. If you don't know if
you're trading small, well, if you have
a trade going against you and it's one
that you should just take a loser on and
you're not willing to do it, you're
probably trading too big. But I think in
general, you know, this market is
looking really good. I think it's it's a
healthy market. Yes, it's euphoric. Yes,
we're at all-time highs and that's okay.
It's okay to be at all-time highs. It's
okay to have a booming market. It's okay
to have a booming economy, which we are
in one way or another. Even if you don't
like it, we are there. I think we keep
going higher. I see no reason why we
wouldn't. Does that mean that we can't
have a dip, a 2% pullback, a 3% pullback
in the markets? Yeah, we can. But that's
not going to be a sell-off. That's not
going to be a market correction. That's
not going to put us into a bare market.
Right now, I think we continue marching
throughout the rest of the year. So,
we're going to leave it there. Again, if
you want to join the courses, use the
links below. And I'll talk to you guys
next time.