Channel:     jobhakdi
Title:       How Ken Griffin Just RAIDED AI Stocks (And Leo's Fund)
URL:         https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Xyyt-twDhF8
Published:   2026-07-30 18:24 UTC
Fetched:     2026-07-30 21:00 UTC

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

it is today and what an exciting week we
all had. For a lot of people, not so
exciting, more devastating.
Uh, but
here is why this is all so crazy and why
we have to have a chat about Wall Street
and its crimes against all kinds of
people. As you probably know, I am
opposed to evil.
I believe evil is bad and being good is
good. But there comes a point there
comes a point of mastery. There comes a
point a threshold where someone is so
amazingly advanced and has achieved such
mastery of something that you cannot
stop. You cannot you cannot not bow in
awe. And that is also true for evil. If
someone achieves a certain mastery of
that level, I just have to respect it.
And that man is the man of the day. It
is Ken Griffin. This man is the man of
the day because he has displayed such a
mastery of evil scheming
that I just have to say I respect you,
Ken. I respected you before, but now I
am in awe because now we become more and
more clear what actually happened this
week. What actually drove that insane
and deeply irrational
and purely technical selloff of Micron
of Nebus of the entire AI infrastructure
play and that dragged the entire market
down with it from Tesla to Nvidia to the
whole thing like a masterpiece of evil
scheming. So what actually happened and
why is it such a unbelievably
interesting playbook?
Today we learned Today we learned this
in the Wall Street Journal and all kinds
of different outlets that
Leopold Ashen Brener the wonder of
Silicon Valley I already mocked him a
little bit but he's this guy Leopold in
case you didn't notice in case you
didn't know this guy he's 23 he worked
at OpenAI he had a bunch of good ideas
along Silicon Valley thinking it's like
look I know some there is
infrastructure issues. They need to
scale. The market underprices it. So, he
was right about making a bunch of calls.
It's not too hard if you come from
OpenAI. And he said, "Look, I'm a
genius." And he has this whole thing.
He's also German, by the way. He he
comes across as the typical thing
Americans think is a genius,
which is all there is, right? Wisdom and
genius. These are two things that are
mostly marked by surface level traits
that people believe. Like for example,
wisdom. People think you need to be
Indian, need to have a long white beard
and speak incredibly slow and say
trivial things but slowly. That is
wisdom. Geniuses, you talk very fast.
It's kind of the opposite of wisdom. You
talk very fast. You don't have a beard.
You're young and say complicated things.
And then you're a genius.
And so he was a genius. and he got a lot
of money and then he was right in his
first attempt of investing and made 20
billion or something with a lot of money
and then people gave him even more money
including Jane Street and some very
large LPS and then of course Leopold
because he's yeah he's totally
inexperienced in running a hedge fund
and putting on these trades which is a
very bad idea for reasons we will see in
a second and then he went leveraged 4x
leverage on 20 billion. Can you even do
the math? And he went all in and did
this. And now we know what he actually,
this is funny that he's cross out, but
here is the long positions per July
30th.
And what you see is he was 30% in
Nebius, he was 19% in SanDisk, he was in
Bloom Energy, he was in Korea, he was in
Micron, and then the rest doesn't
matter. So, but same thing, you know.
So, what do we see here? These are the
names that got absolutely slaughtered
over the last few days. These were the
names that took down the market. And
these were the names and I was in I was
I am in Micron.
I had actually a little short put put on
when it dropped too much and I got
nearly killed. I had to reposition me
myself a little bit even though it's not
so serious right now because Pine Alpha
is on hold for July because we're
transitioning the funds over to the
Pioneer Reserve since we become
institutional now. So, it's more my own
money. It's not a giant thing.
But I still don't want to lose money. So
I got kind of a little bit at the risk
uh risk extension that I don't like. So
I had to roll over my short puts on
Micron. So I'm coming out probably net
zero on this whole thing, which I don't
like. I had it all figured out. But now
I think the trade will be a a black zero
because of this disaster yesterday. And
now we know why. We know why. Because
Leopold was forced to selling and
liquidating the entire liquid the entire
public positions. He had all stocks and
options. That's a very bad thing. And
guess who created a little bit of a
market panic? who created a little bit
of a market panic on Tuesday before the
Fed meeting to just add a little
momentum into the downward spiral that
was not good for Leopold. It was Ken
Griffin. It was Citadel coming up with
the dumbest story I've ever heard that
the Fed is going to raise rates.
And when smart people say dumb things,
you know, it's a scheme. It's a scheme.
And so Ken said, "You know what? I'm so
smart. Everyone knows I'm so smart. I
run Citadel and Ken is very smart by the
way. It's not mocking here. I have deep
respect for Ken. He's probably one like
a top at least a top 10 right now in the
world and doing what he's doing best.
And he came out and said this incredibly
dumb thing about the Fed. I didn't pay
much attention. I thought Ken whatever I
don't know what you're up to this time.
Now we know what he was up to. So he
created actually a lot of market
distortion and fear because he's so
important and so smart. So if he says
something, the normies think, well, he's
so smart, so he must be right. No, you
can be very smart and be wrong,
especially if you want to be wrong. And
so he said, "Oh my god, the Fed is going
to raise rates. The market crashed." And
guess
whom that dealt the death blow? Leopold.
So Leopold had to liquidate all his
positions.
And when we look into micron, let's go
back today. Of course, insanely up this
thing like ridiculous 17% completely
ridiculous. But when we look into this,
the Fed meeting happened here. It was a
perfect meeting. Of course, no rate
hike. Everyone was very relaxed. And
then suddenly after the Fed meeting for
no reason because everything was
doubbish and great, much better than
expected, the market sold off like
crazy. Especially Micron went down like
crazy. another 9% after this disastrous
thing here. Look at this. For no reason,
Micron absolutely undervalued. Insane.
What happened? And there are other
stocks.
Nebas for example. You look at Nebas up
an unbelievable 25%. When you look at
Nebius, you saw a very similar pattern
to Micron. Oh, isn't that weird? Same
thing. Massive selloff after a massive
selloff. Completely irrational.
And Nebius is the prime example because
Nebius is actually the largest position
of Leopold's fund as we just saw.
So Ken Griffin played his little game,
created a little bit of panic, pushed
them over the edge, they had to
liquidate, leading to the most massive
selloff against amazing fundamentals at
at the bottom of the bottom. They were
able to crash through the bottom which
finally dealt the death blow to Leopold
and he had to sell everything which led
to this final selloff. And then guess
who stepped in to save the day because
if you have to actually
liquidate stocks you can't just sell it
into the market then then you crash the
market even more. So you need actually a
block buyer and that is actually Ken
Griffin. He said like you know what I
have a heart of gold. I want to save you
and the market. I will step in and take
your position over for pennies on the
dollar, of course, and just save you.
I'm a good person. So, he did that. The
selling stopped and within hours of the
market opening, Ken Griffin with his new
acquired position
made an absolute insane killing, right?
If he if he even holds four billion in
that stuff, probably more 10. If he
holds 10 billion, it's probably less
than 10 billion. Who knows? We don't
know the exact transaction value,
but let's assume it's 10 billion. Then
Ken Griffin made today an easy $1.25
billion. That's a very good payday. It's
very good. If you put on a trade and you
make $1 billion within hours, that's
exactly what Ken did. $1 billion on four
billion. If he had 10 billion, if he
bought 10 billion, he got 2.5 billion
roughly. Just roughly, because look at
this, Nebius is up 25%.
And we will get in a second to what that
all means for us, by the way, and what I
did today because this is actually very
important. It's not just fun to listen
to and fun to understand what Wall
Street did here to poor Leopold and to
us. I'm not really hit, but I would have
I would be richer now if that wouldn't
have happened yesterday.
So, I'm coming out net zero this week. I
would have been very good this week if
this didn't happen. So, but better than
Leopold. But we will discuss in a second
what that means because it's very
important to understand why markets
behave irrational and insane like this.
Because once you understand what's
underlying this insane behavior, you can
predict what's going to happen next,
that's how we make the money. So
to complete the story, we now know what
happened here. We now understand that
Kane Griffin screwed us all over, but
it's all legal, I guess. I'm not totally
sure, but it's like legal enough, I
guess. and Leo is out of the game and he
has all his assets now for cheap and he
just made a billion dollars minimum
maybe two billion something between one
and two billion that is exactly what Ken
made today it's amazing and
um from here
from here we can now conclude what is
going to happen next
right here citadel bias situational
awareness stock portfolio of the big
loss in Imm. How did this happen? How
did this all happen?
How did this happen?
Such a He got lucky. Kane Griffin got
lucky. If you think Joe's making it up
and this is just random occurring
events, it was random that Ken said this
about the Fed. It is random that it sold
off. It is He was just at the right
time, at the right point. Ken is like,
"Oops. Who are you? Oh, you're a Leo.
Oh, oh, you have a problem. I might buy.
No, you're not buying assets valued 5
to10 billion dollars randomly. He knew
Leopold. He knew the situation this the
fund is in. He organized the money and
he was getting ready when he realized
there is a problem. And was it a total
scheme? No. He just thought, well, why
not create a little panic?
And it just you can be assured. You can
rest assured,
okay, that no one randomly steps in and
buys assets like that and no one
randomly has like five to 10 billion
dollars lying around in liquid to take
over that stuff. No, this is planned at
least for multiple days, day and night
planned or probably longer than that.
And so it's a master stroke of Wall
Street noncriminal crime.
Uh that's how it works and that is
exactly the difference to Silicon Valley
by the way and I always said even if
Leopole is very smart and I'm not sure
about that he might be he might not be
even if he's good in analyzing
fundamentals even if he's good in
spotting trades it does not mean you
understand the mechanics of markets the
shark tank and the little tricks and
trepidations that wait for you when you
are a fund manager like that and get
leveraged and
So
let's wrap it up and I explain to you
what that all means for me because I'm
not just talking I'm doing stuff.
So the big question that we can now
conclude
as a thesis okay be cautious you have to
make up your own mind because now it's
getting risky here unless you believe
I'm always right which
you know. So
for me that means something very simple.
If you look at that insane move,
if you wouldn't know the backstory, if
you wouldn't know about Leopold, if you
wouldn't know about Ken and you would
just observe the market,
you would have a very different story,
right? You would say, well, the AI
trade, oh, people are so nervous about
AI and they started selling off. It was
just a little market panic. No, it was
not. This is not a market panic. These
moves are highly irrational. This is not
a bubble. We were selling off stocks
like Micron at the absolute bottom of
valuations that we have ever seen. These
are the cheapest stocks ever with the
highest growth rates and the most
massive cash influx. This makes no sense
to sell off while the AI trade is
getting more and more robust. And I
understand all the talk out there, but
if you understand anything about
substance and value, that was
ridiculous. And I said it I said to
everyone, this is a technical
distortion. This has nothing to do with
anything. There's a technical distortion
in the market and I posted on X that I'm
convinced something is going on here
that this will massively correct. I use
the term anti-bubble. We are in an
anti-bubble in an irrational
anti-exuberation
and that will snap back like crazy once
it's done. But the one thing I didn't
know is what is going on. So I asked
everyone, is it the is it the yen carry
trade in Japan? Is it still Iran oil
scar which is impossible because it only
hit the EI stocks
and now we know what it was. So what
does that mean for me?
If it would have been a normal sell-off,
okay, if it would have been a normal
panic
and we snapping back now like crazy
today, this is not
this is not a V-shaped recovery you
should normally buy
because it could be a dead cat bounce.
It could be that the market is in freef
fall and is panicking and this is just a
quick shortlived recovery really a head
fake a bull trap and if you buy into
this stuff you get killed on Monday or
Friday whatever
but now we know this is not the case. We
know now this was not just irrational.
It was a technicality. It was a forced
selling event of a single fund that is
now being corrected as evidenced by
Micron going up like insane. Nebu going
up like insane and guess what they all
have in common? They are part of
Leopaul's fund. So I am calling that out
as the glitch that happened. And if this
is true, these stocks will not drop. So
here comes my prediction and I'm betting
money on it. Here comes my prediction.
This rally is stable. Micron is now
totally oversold still. This is not
overbought because what happened here
from here from 900
down to
some insane number 711 actually at the
after hours after market
was completely synthetic and engineered
and had nothing to do with anything
called the market.
So we are basically now back to oversold
and that means I'm selling puts here.
Here you have it. I'm selling puts and
I'm selling relatively aggressive puts
at 850 and even some at 900.
And a lot of people who don't understand
what I'm saying say, Joe, you're
completely nuts. This thing can fall
back to 700 in no time. Like I don't
think so. Now you have to risk manage.
I'm not doing it in a way if it falls
back to 700, I'm not screwed. But
I'm pretty sure this is the right move.
I even added some nebas even though I
normally wasn't in nebius but nebas when
I look at this why do I like short puts
because the premiums are absolutely nuts
the premiums are absolutely nuts because
options are just pricing in this normal
stuff so I'm getting paid a lot of money
for doing that for taking on this risk
and this risk is very well informed
based on that thesis now you have to
always be cautious if you do these
things be extremely cautious you need to
watch that it's a full-time job if
anything goes wrong you So, you need to
know exactly what needs to be done.
That's exactly what I did here. Despite
kind of feeling that this is exactly
going to happen, I had to roll over my
850 strike price puts because it was
just too extreme. I rolled them back
over into 780.
So, I'm not going to make any money on
that. I'm just
breaking even this week. But next week
might be very good. So, here you have
it. That's how I translate this insight
into actual trades. I would absolutely
not do that if that wouldn't have
happened with if that would if I still
wouldn't know what actually happened. I
would absolutely not sell puts into
this. But this way, no.
You can fool me once but not twice. So
that is my thesis here. Be cautious.
Don't copy me. This can kill you. If
anything goes wrong, you have to watch
it. But I'm quite confident we do not
see a major drop here. And just to give
you an example, if you sell a two week a
twoe put 900 put, you're getting $100.
So that thing needs to fall under 800
again to hurt me. I don't think so
because it's micron and once the market
is has normalized for this stock, there
should be only one way and that's up.
Now there's still Korea going on. I
don't know how much Leo Paul influenced
Korea and how it was the other way
around or how it was mutual
but I also posted and then we go into
the comments. I posted this one thing
uh a little bit I posted little bit of
history just so you understand that I'm
not crazy. You think like this is only
like a
this is only uh a 20 billion hedge fund.
How can they even do this? Uh here I had
a little lecture on
Blitz Creek in case you didn't know. I
will read this and let me go into the
comments.
Blitz Creek was a strategy that focused
Luftwafer and Tanks pans into a single
piercing point on the enemy line. In
case you don't know what Blitz Creek
actually is, it's a tactic. It's this
very specific tactic. You have a big
enemy line. You have your line. And what
Blitzkrie is it takes the Luftvafer, the
air force and the panzers and focuses
all of them onto a singular position.
You the entire force goes into one
position, destroys that position, breaks
through the enemy lines with mechanized
tanks, of course, and they very rapidly
advance to the back of the enemy and do
a pinser movement and then they are
screwed because you cannot stop that.
Same with Leopold and Ken.
A single fund was forced to unwind $10
billion plus plus in a few positions
that we just saw. Micron, SanDisk,
Nebius, including Micron Nebius. These
few billion concentrated into a very
small window of trading triggered a
catastrophic short-term takedown of
these stocks and then the whole sector
with it. Those who turned tuned in to
Joe which is here me
last days knew that this was a technical
glitch. I told everyone don't panic.
This is ridiculous. This is a technical
glitch. Something is wrong and we don't
know what. But there is absolutely no
way this will be here to stay. And I
even said very likely today and tomorrow
even though I wasn't sure but I said
this cannot hold into next week.
So
more to come in 30 minutes. That's right
now. So there you have it. You know my
theory now and you know
it's very important to know these things
and very important to have a clear
thesis because otherwise there would be
no way you want to buy this here but I
do. Let's see what you guys have to say
and let's see what the thesis of you
guys
are. Andrea says hi Joe. You mean legal
crimes besides Forex leverage at 45
billion. It's not a crime, but should
be.
No, I mean uh the scheming crimes of Ken
Griffin. And look, if Ken is listening,
I know Ken is listening to us all the
time. Ken, I know you're very smart.
This is definitely not a crime what you
did. It's just a little scheming. And I
salute you even though it's a little
evil.
Uh Richard Costa Costa, hi Joe. I opened
a position in Micron yesterday. Good
job. I told you it's a good idea. What a
reversal today. Droid. Wow, that's nuts.
Yeah, this is a crazy story, guys. Like,
this will go down in history. This is
not a small thing. We have to recognize
history when we witness this. And this
is this is Wall Street and Silicon
Valley history. What Ken did there and
what happened to Leopold and the whole
story. You will see there might be a
movie on this what we just today
witnessed.
Uh, Ragna, yesterday you told me to buy
MU. I bought for five shares to today
morning and I'm already over 20% up.
Good job. Five shares. That's not too
many, but good. Good for you, Ragna.
Uh, now the sanity is restored and we
all go up 30% in into the sunset death
park. Yes, exactly. It's all going to be
good. I think for now it's going to be
good, but uh there are some warnings we
should take away from that. It's still
not normal what happened. It's still not
normal what happened to Korea. I do not
think we have a structural issue. I do
not think there will be a bubble pop of
any sort. There is no bubble. But the
one thing that is changing in the market
is
the aggressiveness of these swings is
not normal. And it's not just Leopold
and Ken. There is something going on
with the way we use leverage as a whole
as as you know as all these markets. But
there's also AI trading here. There's
some weird stuff happening and the the
bottom line of the weird stuff is the
swings in trillion dollar stocks or the
swings in 50 100 billion like large caps
can be like penny stocks at this point.
I don't know exactly why that goes
beyond this whole story. So be cautious
with margin and we learned that the
market can take down large stocks. We
look at Tesla but not as extreme as
these stocks. But
just because a stock is large does not
insulate you from extreme moves anymore.
And that used to be the case. I mean
look also at Microsoft.
This is very extreme guys in case you
didn't know that 16% up. I mean I
understand they had good earnings. They
were not that they were just great
earnings. But that that should not get
your stock up 16% if you are a $3
trillion company. That's insane. Okay.
That's literally insane. Like Microsoft
today went up $500 billion.
Uh hello. So
something is wrong with the market or
maybe not wrong. I think it's the new
normal because of Elgos of massive
amounts of AI trading. And what that
means is the predictability of stock
prices in the very short term has gone
completely out of the window. You have
to be very cautious. That's the bottom
line.
Uh, what did you say on X to get
suspended? Did I get suspended?
That would be bad. Am I suspended? Who
says I'm suspended?
I'm live on X.
I'm not suspended. Who says I'm
suspended?
Uh, Forex leverage is beyond the Kelly
criterion on best bidder stocks. Fly to
close to the sun, get burned. Yeah, but
this was more than that. But yes, you're
right. I'm on margin. Got early aside on
my 800 CSP this morning. Nice. Richard
Cfield, I was out of my depth and paid
the price. Had two wide of bull put
spreads and got toast. It took 48 hours
to lose 30% of my trading count. Ouch.
Sorry to hear that, Richard. Once. So we
have to be cautious. We need to be
prepared for massive moves that in the
short term are unhinged. That is the
takeaway here because sure we now know
what happened
but in the large scheme of things it's
still it shouldn't have happened to that
crazy extent.
Once Trump taco again we are going up
like falcon. Well I don't know the
taco's become less effective at this
point. Blitz Creek is a German term
meaning lightning war and describes a
rapid overwhelming military attack,
sudden surprise offensive or coordinated
combat strategy. That is roughly
correct. It used fast moving forces to
defeat an enemy quickly before they can
fight back. Yeah, but specifically focus
luft buffer and panas on one specific
point of the enemy line, break through
that line, rapidly advance into the
hinder land and then pinser movement and
then the enemy is being attacked from
the back and the front and is toast.
That was how it worked.
Uh here Rahuls do you think this was the
main reason for what happened uh for the
last month or are there other issues
with this market? Well it got
accelerated of course because it went up
a lot but these specific moves in Micron
and all the stocks in Leo's fund when
you look at it it's exactly the stocks
that led this disaster.
Uh, it's just too much concentrated and
it's not the whole last month. It's only
the last five days where this worked.
Okay, only the last five days. That's
the genius of Ken. It was Blitz Creek.
It wasn't over a whole month. It was
over the last two days that killed Leo.
The last two days a massive attack. I
was in this too in Micron. It fell from
900 to 711 within two days against all
fundamental reasoning. Okay, that's an
extreme move after it already dropped
and against a PE forward P of like
whatever six. So that was split creek, I
tell you.
And so no, I don't think there's
anything wrong with the market actually
with the AI trade.
Uh, OpenAI having to cut prices concerns
me. Not sure how exposed Nvidia, Micron,
etc. OpenAI will go under. What does
that do to the market? So Jesse, I think
what we just experienced was very
extreme, was very driven by that
specific story. If you ask me, it's very
blitz cregy what's happened. It was too
extreme. Now will there be jitters and
when openi has problems? Sure. But the
market
what was also so informing to me
informative was that what I was saying
that this is fake news that this is a
technical glitch. Everyone who knows
anything was saying Chamas said the same
thing. Gon Baker said the same thing.
Gene Monster said like everyone who knew
anything was completely on my page.
And so that was just adding to my
suspicion that there's something very
wrong. Technically this was not like a
split opinion. Only total dummies
thought this is like a problem.
Everyone who knows anything was on my
side. And then why is it happening
anyway? because there was a severe issue
technically in the market.
So, I'm not concerned about that. And
Jesse, by the way, um,
OpenAI Enthropic and Anthropic are super
exposed with their high token costs and
their enterprise clients. They're
getting super attacked from all sides
now from Grock mainly and from the
Chinese. But anyone who knows anything
understands that neither Grock nor the
Chinese are bad for Micron, Nvidia and
the underlying trade because it just
leads to even more token use. Why do you
think Yensen is pushing open source so
much? He's basically attacking
indirectly OpenAI and Anthropic. He
wants them to go down and he's Nvidia
CEO.
Exactly, Jerobi. Microsoft was 2.8
trillion a few days ago. Now it's 500
billion. It's not okay. Jobobi,
it was not that Microsoft was 2.8
trillion a few days ago. It was 2.8
trillion 24 hours ago.
Uh Isla Isla Bonita, great show as
always. Hi Joe. I had a feeling these
moves were not natural. Where would be
good place to put $1,000? $1,000.
You can buy a Micron share here,
for example.
with the crap. I saw an X and I'm not
suspended. You will never be suspended.
Yeah, I I don't want to be suspend. I
don't know who said I'm suspended.
Uh, stock me. Stalk me, silly. Stalk me
silly. Love you, Joe. You kick ass, man.
Keep giving us this info, please. I'm
doing my best. And I disclose always my
level of certainty. I have a relatively
high level of I have an 80 to 90% I have
an 80% certainty here that we won't see
a massive drop coming in the next few
days. So, this is not a head fake in my
opinion.
Uh, Smokers Heaven says, "I only sell
puts I want to own and calls I want to
sell." Good.
Joe, what do you think about Intel? Um,
I'm not an Intel expert. I don't know
too much about Intel to be honest. I
mean I know a bunch but I have not a
clear thesis on Intel.
If I would construct a semiconductor
bucket I would put you know Broadcom
uh I would put
uh
I would put Intel AMD and Nvidia into
that bucket but only because I had to.
So I will stick with Nvidia that I
understand Intel has like a lot of
questions and it's a little hyped and
it's a little you know it's a little uh
anticipating some unknown moves in the
future that has this American advantage.
It has Trump backing uh it has you know
I don't see the very tangible business
case
you probably make good money with it but
I'm not an expert.
Ray Kaplan says, "Joe, Tesla, $1,000
until this year."
Until this year. What do you mean?
Explain how fundamentals play a role in
stocks when the market is manipulated
like this. Well, because the market
cannot manipulate against fundamentals
for long, it can do it for a few days.
Sometimes if the entire market gangs up
on the fundamentals for a few weeks, but
not longer. So it explains to you the
fundamentals give you the truth where
the market has to always get back to at
some point from the top or from the
bottom.
Blitz Creek only possible against the
French. No, against the Russians too and
against the Polish, against a lot of
people. Uh
but then of course the Russians had
other plans.
Um, hey Joe, isn't there a bit tinfoil
involved in your thesis? We'll see. As
always, a bit tinfoil involved, but not
much. Read up on it. You will see.
My bet is that what I just told you,
this story will become a book and will
become a movie. Not because I told it,
but because it is a big story. I tell
you, it's a very big story. You will
see. Heavy driver. Listen everyone, I
just want you to know train toy train on
every channel so that you miss So that
you mistake we did. We are retired in
Queens and San Francisco. If you want to
see our crusade
a million South Koreans using margin to
buy 2x skinx ETF got margin called the
president was a day trader cheered
everyone into the market. True.
Do you see this rally going further into
tomorrow? I think this is a readjustment
rally. Right. It's a snap back to where
we actually would be without that mess.
As you see here, it's a snapback
basically close to here 800. This is
July 27th. It was Monday. So, we are
going back here. So, the answer is I
think we are now back to normal. This
was a very rapid normalization. We are
back to normal. And from here anything
can happen short term. I think we can go
a little down, we can go a little up.
But now we are back to a more normal
state of things. So my entire thesis on
Micron for example and on the other
stocks that I had on Monday
is back in play. And this thesis for
example for Micron is Micron will have
an incredibly hard time breaking under
800.
Incredibly hard time. They will be very
exponential resistance. So I got
surprised when it just crashed like a
stone because it was fake news. So I
think we are back to that. So I think
micron here will swing below 850 and a
th00and until we break out to the upside
for example.
Uh so from now predictions become more
difficult because now we had that snap
back back to normal.
Jesse Cumber Intel has a lot of work to
do before they can come close to the
current valuation. That's what I think.
Everyone's counting their 1.4 4
nanometers chips, but those aren't even
in reproduction yet. Yes,
pre-production. Reproduction. I agree. I
think Intel has a little bit baked in
some hopes and dreams.
What is your bet? What is your bet when
Cyber Cap will open for public rights in
Austin? And when is the inflection point
for Tesla? I just had a great
meeting. Should I give you previews
here?
No, I can't give you that preview.
That's too much for a preview. But uh
our analyst team is wrapping up
getting together. I need to accelerate
the SpaceX side. We have some very
exciting Colossus news because we did
some research on the ground. We know
what Colossus is actually doing. And
then on the robo taxi roll out. So we
have a great I think scenario analysis
how many cyber caps robot taxis you will
see in 2027 end of the year. Maybe you
will be surprised, maybe not. Who knows?
And uh that will also elaborate exactly
on the inflection point the catalyst and
everything.
Uh the bottom line is I am getting a
little more cautious but I think my
initial prediction of 15,000 end of the
year I would now push it back out one
quarter. That's what I would do to March
2027 to get to these 10,000 plus. What
does it mean for December?
Let's see. I think very likely we still
see inflection before December, but not
to 15,000 maybe because they seem to be
a little slowing down.
What do you make of AMD's new AI rack
that claims to be better than Nvidia's?
Well, I think AMD is a very serious
competitor. I think AMD is the number
two. That's what I think. But I think
they are just much more behind than
these racks imply. I think they're doing
a good job on the GPUs and the racks,
but this is about much more than the
racks. I think where Nvidia just has a
leg up is they have massive scale. They
can deliver these chips. They're
reliable and they optimize the AI
factory. So, it's way beyond the rack.
You think about GPUs, then you think
about racks, then you think about
networking systems, then you think about
the entire factory. And Nvidia is doing
the entire thing now. So, Nvidia
basically escapes to the upside, escapes
up into complexity and holistic things.
And AMD is just step by step trying to
catch up. Now they went from chips into
racks. Now they have to go from racks
into networking equipment and then they
have to go into the entire factory
planning.
Uh do you think Tesla terap will succeed
in building their own memory? No,
I don't think so. When you look into how
this stuff works, this is not Elon's
strength and this is not the team
strength. You have to understand what
they're good at.
And people always say, "Oh, Elon is a
master." Like Elon is also like a great
salesperson. He knows how to sell you
and me. And I'm not saying this in a bad
way, but he's selling us a lot. He's
good in big picture first principles.
And then when it comes down to
engineering details, he has specific
strengths and specific strengths how to
put in specific teams. And he's good in
blue field. How do you say that? green
field innovation. He's good in taking a
rocket and making it self landing. These
are crude big picture massive movement
innovations.
And Elon's absolutely not the man for
these incremental tiny obnoxious
innovations that you would need in
memory.
He cannot build for example these what
are they called? Are these laser
machines? I'm stup.
The machines ASML and stuff like that.
You can't do this stuff. There is no
hacking. There is no tricking. Elon is
very good in hacking and tricking
reality. He understands. Wait a moment.
I see this giant opening like Optimus or
like rockets that land themselves. He or
or uh data centers. He he spots like the
economics of it. He's like, "Wait, this
is relatively easy. If you use your
brain, everyone in this industry is not
really using their brain." And I find a
hack and I'm going for it. I take over
the whole thing. That's what Elon is
best at. When it comes to memory, there
are no tricks. This is just horribly
detailed, obnoxious work where you
cannot cheat. Similar with batteries, by
the way. Tesla builds its own batteries,
but it's not that great at it when you
really think about it. I'm not saying
they're bad, but they have zero chance
against the Chinese on that front. And
we all know it. They can, of course,
vertically integrate. They can
vertically integrate chips, GPUs, but
they cannot compete with Nvidia on the
Nvidia front. and they can definitely
not do the memory. Memory you can
forget. That's why I'm so bullish on
Micron.
Elon will need Micron and he knows it.
Um
there are so many robo taxis in my
neighborhood. Terry Town. Awesome. Terry
Town. Beautiful little Terry Town. Very
nice. Lazard January Ju just a personal
question. is your father who like you
has a strong sense of integrity and is
very intelligent interested in your
financial ventures. Uh is he interested?
I don't know. He knows about them. Well,
you know, he's a doctor. He he's dealing
with COVID things still a lot. So, he
isn't. No, he's he he's not a money man.
My dad is not a money man. He's not too
much into money.
Uh,
in my opinion, Alphabet is number two
and AMD is a solid three.
You mean of all stocks? Oh, no. In
litography?
No. What? So, Jesse, what do you mean?
Number two in what? Germans are the
cleverest of Europeans.
Germans have smart people, but Germans
also have dumb people. Germans are big
country. Uh, Luciano Elon just points
and says, "Let's go there." Exactly.
Amarei,
what are you referring to? Germs of the
Claris.
Uh, I enjoy your channel and insights.
Thank you, Jeff Jones,
Junior, not senior.
Yep. Elon mentioned micro on the call.
There's no doubt that Elon has zero
appetite of trying to do RAM. Do you
even know what that? Look up HPM. Look
up high bandwidth memory. Look up how
they have to stack all these layers and
and look into what that requires. Like
you do not want to do that. You don't
not want to do that.
Jeff Jones uh Junior says, "Lots of your
ideas seem well considered and
grounded." Well, that's what I'm trying
to do. I see this more like I'm not a
YouTuber naturally, right? I'm doing my
trading and I like to understand reality
and I'm building pioneer lands by the
way. Big things are coming and now we
are finally delivering this. It took me
a lot but I'm curious about
understanding reality and I'm curious
about training my brain to be right more
than wrong. And that's why I'm making
very open predictions and elaborate
exactly what I think not to impress you
guys or anyone. I want to just impress
myself and know when I'm wrong so I can
adjust. It's like a muscle. It's like
training. You need to look at stuff. You
need to come up with hypothesis, make
very clear statements and very clear
thesis and put percentages on it and
then hold yourself accountable if you're
right or wrong. And it's much better if
you're very clear on what you're saying
because then you can hold yourself
accountable.
Very simple.
Click the like button. This is the most
important comment from Isla Bonita.
Isla. I can't even. My Spanish is bad.
The ownership structure Tesla's space
with Intel as a partner is separate from
the technology question. And on the
technology and tooling question
specifically, yes.
What's the reason Tesla is up today?
Tesla is just up because everything is
up and Tesla was also oversold. Like
everything was oversold. So what does
Tesla do? I didn't check on the latest
Tesla
309. It's pretty nice. What about
Nvidia? This is right now. Nvidia is
more important to me than Tesla for
tactical reasons.
Ah, Nvidia is having a hard time. I
think Tesla
is totally oversold. We're just waiting
for the market to normalize a little bit
and I think Tesla can go actually go
back to 400 if you ask me without any
good reason other than basic reasons.
Uh, what's the latest here? Micron. Oh
my god, look at this. I mean, good for
me, but nuts.
Totally nuts. I mean, I have put on my
positions that I want. I'm not fomoing
here.
And Nebius is probably completely out of
control.
Do I have Nebas in this one? Nebas.
Yeah, that will end up 30% today.
Insane. Totally insane. SC Haduken
HPM most commonly stands for high
bandwidth memory. A 3D stack computer
memory interface used in artificial
intelligence accelerators, high
performance graphic cards and servers.
Yes, exactly. It's stacked up to 16
layers. Now,
SpaceX 280.
Why is it this thing should also be it
was a little down today.
SpaceX has a hard time, but I'm
I think SpaceX has some surprises up
their sleeves, so it's getting very
interesting. I have basically no
position. I have only 10 tracker shares.
I always buys 10 shares and stuff. I
really like when I don't want to put on
a position, so I have it in the
portfolio and can track it. Uh target
price on SpaceX 65 to 75 for December
8th.
Am I crazy? No. uh Delhi I said like if
SpaceX would trade like Tesla on the
same revenue multiple it would be at 35
let that sink in uh and I think it can
get a 100% bonus on that easily for many
reasons so 70 I think 70 is a very
conservative valuation for SpaceX but
absolutely possible but I also think
they will reveal some serious progress
on Colossus 2 and three plus tens of
billions of dollars
coming in this year. So that would be an
upside surprise. But the problem is the
price is still very high. So even then
you could argue it shouldn't be higher
than now.
Uh when Musk chose Intel specifically as
Terafab's foundry partner over expanding
those existing relationships, that's a
real signal about where he sees the best
process technology. I disagree.
I totally disagree. I think Intel was
obviously the right choice because it's
American. It's the only American foundry
company.
Uh it was cheap to get that partnership
done because Intel was absolutely
desperate. This was saving grace for
Intel and I don't think that Elon thinks
they are like the best technology
company. They were just I mean there are
not many who can do that and Intel is
one of them and was a cheap deal. I
think it was about the economics. It was
about the power symmetry. What is Elon
going to do like go to Broadcom? That's
not smart.
or to Intel, that's not going to work.
Or TSMC is not going to work. So, it's
crazy. Definitely some market
manipulation. I didn't dare uh buy the
lowest point of the dip.
TSMC is miles ahead of everyone else.
Intel is just really in need of
partners. Exactly. But it's much better
to partner with Intel than with TSMC
because TSMC is not American. And I
think Elon just has a much better power
position with with Intel.
many varieties of sharks swimming in the
investment waters. I mean, especially on
Wall Street. I think all these movies
you see like Wall Street One and stuff
like this, this is like not a joke. Or
Billions. My favorite show. These are
real things that are actually happening.
I know these people very well, you know.
It's just exactly like in the movies,
only more fun. And there is just
absolutely no I mean in case you didn't
know Wall Street is about money
and they have perfected the pursuit of
money and there is nothing else than
money. These are numbers opportunities
and if you can squeeze someone to death
and take over you know 20 billion
dollars in assets for 10 billion you
will pull the trigger on that and scheme
yourself to death to make it happen. And
that's exactly what happened. So tinfoil
hats like no I have seen this very up
close. It's a lot of fun once you're in
the vortex.
Even Jim Kramer and people like that now
he has a different job but he is this
very smart cookie on these things. So no
this exactly happened and it's wild.
It's wild not because it normally
doesn't happen. It happens all day long
but it's wild because of the scale of
the whole thing. I mean I mean that's
new. That scale is new.
Okay, very good. That was our show for
today. That was fun again. It's like
crazy times. Good that we have Pioneer
Lands. Go to pioneerlands.org. This site
is getting better by the day. We are now
finally getting a handle of all our key
products. Become a member for free. Come
become a citizen for $9 a month. We want
to make it really affordable because we
have big plans. It's not just about
investment analysis. And then we have a
membership that's a little higher price
for the actual investment analysis. We
have a lot of models coming out on
Micron but especially on Tesla and
especially on SpaceX.
I will cover that once we have them.
Hopefully starting next week we have
some robo taxi research briefs. Things
are finally taking shape.
It's not easy to build these things. And
I was also distracted with the Pioneer
Reserve. We have an institutional
vehicle now in Luxembourg. That's why I
couldn't really trade institutionally on
July. That was also a lesson learned
that things are a little more
complicated to set up than I thought. I
thought we were ready July 15th. If
you're an investor, sorry, we got
delayed, but it's going to happen early
August.
So, Leo get bigger than he should
punishment was crafted. Yeah, he was
just a he was a total newbie. He just
got chomped up or how whatever he chewed
up by the sharks by one shark. Ken also
Ken is like he's just insanely savvy
this dude. Okay guys, thank you so much
for tuning in. We have more to watch.
It's not getting boring here and we will
cover the age of AGI with all ex its
excesses and insanities. By the way, I'm
on Cyber Bulls today in 90 minutes with
uh the crew. Uh Herbert, Alexandra,
Jeff, I don't know if CERN is there. And
we are going to discuss a bunch of
stuff. We will have another discussion
with Alexandra because she thinks the
merger is happening. I don't think it's
happening now this year. So, tune in if
you like that. And if not, I see you
tomorrow.
So, have fun with that market. Now, you
know what I think at least. Be cautious
out there. If you use any kind of
leverage or short puts or whatever, you
have to watch it.
And uh see you then. Thank you guys.
Bye-bye.