Channel:     jobhakdi
Title:       Why the Market is WAKING UP About Tesla Cybercab
URL:         https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LRNuBtFuvIg
Published:   2026-09-08 15:36 UTC
Fetched:     2026-09-08 17:00 UTC

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

very good reasons for that because the
market is finally waking up to cyber
capabon
Musk I don't know who it was that
technology is the closest thing to real
magic we will ever get to because it is
very very magical and cyber cap is in
our life. The stock is up and we are
also confirmed on my thesis that I
voiced very strongly in the market with
some push back by some people but a lot
of people agreeing with us of course
that the drop on Friday after the great
cyber cap event was not a sell the news
it was not a sell the news drop it was a
drop because of the Nitsa audit I'm very
glad I hope I could was able to
contribute to a little bit of clarity on
Friday to all the analysts out there,
all the fund managers out there. What is
actually happening with the audit? We
had great coverage on the video. We had
very smart articles following the video.
CERN Basher, for example, had a
beautiful write up on what's really
happening with the Nitsa audit. If you
remember, we had a big drop on Friday
after the event. So for beginners, it
looked like it was a sell the news
event, sell the event news, but it was
all about the audit on Cyber Cap that
Nitsa initiated. I was a little scared
by it before I researched it. So there
you have it. And today I think as I
predicted when I did the video, the
market has realized this audit while it
looks scary and while I agree that the
audit will very likely lead to Nitsa
saying you can't scale Cyber Cap unless
they approve their own rule before the
audit which is likely complicated stuff.
Watch the video on the channel. It
explains the whole situation, but the
TLDDR, the TLDDV
to long view version is don't worry
about it. There is very little reason to
believe that this audit will delay Cyber
Gap at all. And I think that is what the
market is realizing today.
Shooting and pushing the stock back up
to where it belongs, close to where it
was before
the event. You remember that the stock
shot up into the event at a peak here.
Was it 382? Wow, that's actually a lot.
Uh and then dropped back all the way
down here to 350.
Uh so that is what happened. And I said
back then, you know, look at the
uptrend. This uptrend will just
continue. And I think we can be very
sure even if Cyber Cap only scales
reasonably fast. We will go into this in
a second. How fast Cyber Cap now scales.
Even if it only scales reasonably fast,
we will go back up to 400. Close the gap
to 380. That happened after earnings.
When you go all the way back here, that
is when I told everyone, "Oo, I'm out of
Tesla drop." I went back in here at 320.
If you follow the channel, you know what
we did. And I said, "We are going back
up, baby, to close this gap." Cybercap
event now has fulfilled the promise. And
we are doing that as we speak.
Now we have some tremendous additional
upside because the point in time where
cyber cap suddenly scales in earnest
into the hundreds and thousands
will come at some point in the future. I
said that point in the future could
happen very likely, more than likely
this year, not next year. I don't know
when, but my gut feeling is it happens
this year. We might hit 10,000 by
December. We might hit 1,000. The
difference between 1,000 and 10,000 is
actually much more marginal than you
think. If we hit 1,000, we are hitting
10,000 shortly thereafter. So, it
doesn't really matter. That's the
situation. As you know, we installed a
new feature on Pioneer. Go to
pioneerance.org.
This main feature here, the information
feature is actually free. We have a new
cyber cap counter. We will also have
some SpaceX widgets here. But this is
Pioneer Land's home. On the upper right,
you see the cyber cap counter. You see
how many cyber caps are live that is
pulled from robo taxi tracker and some
other pages. Uh we consolidated. We tell
you what the actual count of life cyber
caps in commercial operation is. 41
right now, more than I expected, but
growth right now not happening. We only
have zero. Not not a lot zero. But over
the weekend we added I think yesterday
we added like a another one. So, we are
going to count this and we are
developing a widget that will be live
end of the week where at least citizens,
if you're a citizen of Pioneer Lands,
very cheap, only nine bucks and you
should be a citizen of Pioneer Lands
because then you know what happens in
the future and you can participate in
our big endeavors here where we analyze
Tesla, SpaceX, Nvidia, all the key AI
stocks and figure out what happens in
the future, break it down what happens
in the close future, translate it into
active trades that I share.
We deal with Pioneer bonds, Pioneer
Alpha portfolio, publish the results,
and we know if they're right or not. We
know how much alpha we generate over
Tesla. All these cool things, but also
we understand the future a little bit
better than most other people. We will
have a ability for citizens to click on
this tracker and then you can basically
see
if the trajectory continues as it did so
far how many cyber caps will be live end
of the year. You can also click on it,
put in your target number for end of the
year and see week by week with a tracker
if your trajectory is active or if Tesla
is behind or if Tesla is ahead, which is
very important for trading the stock.
For investing, not so much because you
win anyway. But if you want to trade,
get a little alpha. These are very
powerful tools. I'm doing it mostly for
myself because I want to know it. And
then for SpaceX, we will have also an
additional widget very soon that is the
most important widget that shows you the
share unlocks. By the way, we are not
covering SpaceX right now. We are still
in cyber cap fever. But cabin fever,
cyber cap fever, you get it. But we will
focus on SpaceX 2 and we will have a
widget that tells you when the share
unlocks are coming. I will have a video
maybe tomorrow on SpaceX and my
strategy. Tomorrow is the 9th of
September, which is another big unlock
date. I will share my strategy, how I'm
trading SpaceX.
Spoiler alert, I am not long right now
because I don't like the unlock. I will
wait tomorrow and the day after to see
how this new unlock will impact the
price. This time, my prediction is it
will have an impact because we are
higher than before.
Anyway, these are widgets and we are
building out more of these widgets to
bring key metrics to you on Pioneer Land
so we understand what is actually
happening. But these 41, long story
short, are part of the reason why the
stock is recovering from the Nitsa fake
news. Not that Nitsa was fake news, but
it was fake news that it's bad for the
stock. And so I think we are on a very
good course. I'm extremely long Tesla
right now. extremely long beyond the
core position. I'm vastly more exposed
than a core position right now
and uh took advantage of this little
drop because you know that I'm bullish
tactically shortterm.
So that is what's going on on the news
side when we look at the latest news
here on X on Cyber Cap.
Beautiful uh beautiful Whimo vomit video
here.
CERN is covering Cyber Cap with very
smart commentary.
Um
there was a video on the manufacturing
process of Cyber Cap. There is just no
doubt. I'm not going into the
manufacturing side of things, but again
TLDDR, I get you the news that is
important for us as investors.
The advantage Tesla has over everyone
else in of course Whimo is not even a
competitor but also over the Chinese.
The advantage Tesla has in manufacturing
by zeroing in without compromise over
two years ago on preparing Cyber Cap as
the world's first autonomous
vehicle designed from scratch for cost
effectiveness and product experience.
The advantage is a multi-year
manufacturing advantage even over the
most competitive Chinese people like
Xpang or BYD. Watch Xpang. I said it a
year ago that there is the only company
in the world that might be able to
compete with Tesla on the car side and
autonomy side is Xpang. Xpang are very
smart cookies. They also have an
humanite robot. Do I think they're a
problem for Tesla? Of course, not
really. But if you ask me for number
two, it will be Xpang.
Um, here's some Ross Gerber jokes.
You're so mean. Ross Gerber switched
sides again. He's now totally on our
side again. I know Ross, by the way. Uh,
I was at some of his parties in LA. But,
uh, Ross is a good guy. He's not against
Tesla. He just had Elon derangement
syndrome because he had Trump
derangement syndrome. But that is over
because Elon is now, you know, giving
everyone like calming pills and they
they they don't have to see it anymore.
So Ross is totally coming around.
Gene Monster also said, "By the way, I
think Tesla is up tomorrow on the Nitsa
detail." I nearly posted that I disagree
with Gan because I don't think he's
right here. uh in his argument he said I
think Tesla is up tomorrow on the nitsa
detailed that Tesla is ready to roll out
1000 cyber caps in Austin last Thursday
I estimate they would reach 300 over the
next three months but clearly Gan I mean
Gene is super smart don't get me wrong
I'm a big Gene monster fan I think he
does a tremendous job with this fund
tremendous commentary very smart cookie
knows many things so don't get me wrong
I'm not a Jean critic but in this case
Gan what are you talking about of course
Tesla is not going to be up tomorrow on
the Nitsa detail that Tesla is ready to
roll out 10,000 cyber captains in Austin
because that came out before the drop on
Friday. So this is not news. Everyone
knew that on Friday.
It was in the news that dropped the
stock, the audit news. So no, that
cannot be. Tesla is up today because as
I predicted, people churned through the
news that made them sell the stock after
the amazing Cyber Cap launch. the Nitsa
audit came to the conclusion by watching
my video, by reading CERN's commentary
and other people's commentary like,
"Wait a moment, this audit is actually
not a problem even though it's tricky to
understand."
So that's happening here.
We have all these cool videos. Tesla
Ming also watch Tesla Ming. One of my
favorite accounts, by the way, is Tesla
Ming. Tesla Ming is very smart. Tesla
Ming has direct insights into China.
I think he even is in China and he gets
me always the latest robot news. Tesla
living has the best robot news. He
reported that Optimus is now in
production that they have actually
delivered the the vendors the supplies
have been ordered to deliver and have
delivered enough parts now for 5,000
Optimus robots which means 5,000 robots
are now being produced and they're being
prepared to deliver 15,000 by end of the
year. So you understand Tesla Ming sees
the suppliers. He knows stuff or she no
one knows and Tesla Ming tells us on the
supply side of things on the supply
chains of Tesla and China it's all China
by the way when it comes to the robots
who actually had to deliver the hands
and all the little actu actu areas and
all the little pieces and so we can
track what is really going on behind the
scenes. So Tesla makes a great account.
Uh so here's the great Jeff Lutz
commentary on why we can't compare
uh FS to Whimo. I made this point over
and over. Of course, Jeff knows
everything about it. So that's great. So
all in all, today is a good day. Just
want to guys give give you an update. We
are up. The stock is going where it
should be going. I would be not nervous
if you look at the trend line that there
is a big pullback or whatever. This
stock is dramatically ridiculously
undervalued. Ridiculously undervalued
strategically. Tactically, it's on a
trend up. Fundamentally, tact
tactically, we have launched Cyber Cap
and we will get upside into the
hundreds. And strategically, we will see
Cyber Cap scaling faster than people
expect very soon. I don't know when, but
until then, we in a good position here.
If he would be at 450, I would be more
cautious. at 360. I'm not too cautious.
And uh you guys can check out the cyber
cap counter here. So, let's go to the
comments because today I'm a little
short on time. We only have 10 minutes
left
and I want to use that to have a
discussion here.
Uh let's see. Soul puppy is the first
one. Soul puppy is back. Uh hello soul
puppy.
Buffalo run. What does that mean?
Ginisu.
Um, I'm waiting on my 778 shares to pop.
778.
You're getting to 1,000 very soon. That
is not far away from getting to 1,000. I
don't use handle says great AFD victory.
I covered the election. That's why you
should also be in pioneer lands. We are
covering politics a little bit. And I
had multiple stories before it was cool
on the AFD on the revolution that's
happening in Germany because I happen to
have some insights there on the
revolution that is happening in Germany
how it will change and stop the EU very
soon and how the EU doesn't have much
time left and why the AfD is actually
the centerpiece for changing Europe in a
very fundamental way. We had an
election, a small state election in
Germany that I warned the whole world
about on Sunday and it delivered and I
was a little surprised by the coverage.
Elon commented on it, the New York Times
on the title page, CNN on the title
page, the completely fake news BBC which
is like the worst outlet in the world.
By the way, you guys think NT is bad or
CNN look you Germans may be thinking ZDF
and RD are bad. I know them all. The BBC
takes the crown of the most disturbing
fake news outlet in the world, but
Zetfran
in Germany are close on their heels in
terms of extreme badness. And in
America, it's it's not that bad. These
are private outlets. The New York Times
has the right to lie all day long. It's
fine. They're not using taxpayer money.
So, yes. So I think this AFD victory of
course also very good for Tesla, very
good for FSD. These are new alternative
parties that are centrist parties that
are want to get rid of the extreme
corruption that's going on in in Tesla.
Uh not in Tesla, in Germany, in Europe
are very good for innovation too. They
are pro business. They want more
international activity. They want more
people uh innovation, investment, all
these things. uh the winner of that
election already tweeted back to Elon
after Elon congratulated him. He of
course El Elon is always welcome. Tesla,
SpaceX, everyone is welcome in Zaxan
anhal. So these things are extremely
good for business.
We have Bello here. Hello from Norway.
Heyi hey no.
Keep up with the great content. I'm
always excited when a new video is out
of course. Thank you so much for tuning
in. Norway also absolutely beautiful.
Little bit expensive,
but not your fault. You're just too
rich. But it's a beautiful country here.
Keith Fuller, the way I see Tesla
biggest problem is that Cyber Cap is too
disruptive. If they're not careful, too
many people will not have jobs at once.
H
totally right, Keith. But um
yeah, I don't know how much hate will be
generated.
We have to see. I think we will have a
million cyber caps sooner than later.
That means a million drivers will lose
their job
or let's say 700,000 500,000 will lose
their job. No, probably a million
because they will open up new markets.
So, it will be also increasing total
usage uh usage expansion. But yeah, a
lot of people I mean hundreds of
thousands will lose their job.
Uh
but I don't know I don't know if you
would hate on Tesla for that. If you're
a driver, if you have an Uber geek and
then suddenly Uber says, "Oh, we can't
whatever. We don't need you anymore." Do
you really connect it emotionally in a
way to hate the cyber caps? I'm not
sure. It's a geek anyway. I don't want
to trivialize how tough this will be,
but I think AI is going to be much much
more disruptive than cyber cap in terms
of jobs. So maybe then everyone gets
bucketed into one hate bucket.
But this is a problem that goes far
beyond Elon and uh Tesla. It's an AI
problem. We will see.
Ross flip-flopper Gerber. Well, Ross has
a business to run. He has investors. He
has to go with the flow, right? The
investors say, "Dude, I want to buy more
Tesla again, and you have to become a
fan." Then Ross is a fan again. What is
he going to do?
I'm becoming a Ross Gerber apologist.
He's a nice dude. He's nice. But I was
not happy with him when he had Elon
derangement syndrome. Uh I want food
deliveries by CyberCap and Optimus
directionally fairly valued. I'm at 950
shares. Well, fairly valued would be at
740 bucks. I'll cover it in the new
model.
Four Teslas burned to the ground
yesterday. I saw the plane I saw
Amazon's air attack on Tesla. Did you
see that? An Amazon transport plane
crashed into a Tesla parking lot. You
can't make this stuff up. Amazon plane
crashed. This was crazy. I understand
that Zuks sucks. I understand, Jeff, but
to let your to let your planes crash
into a Tesla parking lot. I mean, look
at this
prime air. See?
It missed the cyber caps. So next time
Jeff, you have to aim a little better.
But uh Amazon is probably very jealous
of cyber cap, so they have to drop a
bunch of planes. It's fine. I don't know
what to do about it. Elon has to do
something about it.
Uh DN scary to think about. I grew up in
BBC news. I'm still trusting. Need to be
more objective verbs. Well, BBC
Uh, what about Optimus AI in general?
This is going to replace 95% of jobs.
Um, well, I think we shouldn't be scared
of Optimus. Optimus is not going to take
any jobs anytime soon. It's going to
happen in the
second half of the 2030s. That's where
this the robot apocalypse will hit very
hard. The jobs I I think it will start
in earnest with millions and millions of
robots around 2032
31. will take a little bit of time to
really get them up to speed and get them
really good. Uh the job apocalypse is
definitely happening not because of the
robots, it's going to happen because of
AI.
Grockbot will eliminate tens of millions
of jobs before Optimus even has the
first million sold. So,
okay, here Mr. Yand Devil,
look at this. Mr. Ryan Deo, 23,653
shares. Let's go. I love it. Mr. Ryan
has a lot of shares. I know a bunch of
people who have a lot of shares. I think
the record holder, I can't tell you
anything, of course, but uh
the person with the most shares I know
has 135,000 Tesla shares. Just imagine.
And they didn't even used to be rich.
They just bought them early on, you
know, had some money, bought a bunch of
Tesla shares, 130,000.
Can you even imagine? That's a lot of
money. And it's not just a lot of money.
Now, do you know what happens to that
person if Tesla goes to 5,000 as I think
it will 4,000 by 2030? You want to have
130,000 Tesla shares when it goes to
4,000. I tell you that I don't have
130,000 Tesla shares,
Mr. Musa MD. But by the way, Mr.
Ryan Deos, congratulations. I'm very
proud of you. This is very good. You
will be very happy. you are probably
very happy. You will be even happier
soon. What do you think of Chris Camilo
claiming that the entire robot taxi
business is already baked into the
stock? I think Chris is totally wrong.
Uh I didn't I didn't criticize Chris. I
like Chris. We have some exchange on X
sometimes.
Look, and Chris is a very smart trader.
He's one of the famous super traders.
He's very smart. And he already said
maybe I'm wrong. Who cares if I'm wrong?
He Chris said if I'm wrong, I will see
when I'm wrong and then I will go back
into the stock. So Chris's point is not
that he insists on being right here. He
says he thinks it's all baked in. He
thinks it's overrated, but he says he
might be wrong and he says if I'm wrong
and I see it, I'm back into the stock.
So you have to understand Chris is not a
fundamental analyst. Chris doesn't
understand as much as we do here, but he
doesn't aspire to do so. He his strength
is he is a very tactical trader. He
understands the time value of money. He
understands that if Tesla goes sideways,
he doesn't want to be in the stock. He
rather is in Amazon or others. And he's
right about all these things. And Chris
is the first person to switch and change
his opinion on the spot. He was also
super bullish on Tesla Optimus. He's not
bullish anymore.
But everything that Chris does is very
tactical,
which is a smart thing from his
perspective. He's just going to switch
when necessary. And that's also what he
said. By the way, he already responded
to the response. there were some people
critical of him. Uh I think he's totally
wrong on this, but he already responded
to that and said like, well, if I don't
care if I'm wrong, if I'm wrong, I will
see when I'm wrong and I can change my
opinion again. So, you have to
understand Chris is a very smart cookie.
And a very un ideological,
you know, guy. He just does what he
thinks makes the most money. Here's the
crash.
Look, here's the crash. Here's how Jeff
Bezos tried to destroy all the Teslas.
Uh, what do you think the minimum fleet
size will be for the fleet operators? I
have no idea. Oh, I have to do my video
on my fleets fleet theory. I have a
fleet theory. I'm seeing more mainstream
YouTube channels, people writing and
living the cyber tax. These comment
section is 90% fear. Fear. That's
hilarious.
Uh, oh no. In California lit on fire. I
haven't. So, this is not what uh Blaine
meant. Bla. It seems like Tesla was set
on fire in California. Let's see.
Love to see Tesla negotiate the
million-dollar highway in Colorado with
Elon in the back seat.
Uh, lit on fire on purpose. Tesla
dealership. This is very disturbing. I
have to look into that. But a little
terrorism here and there. We got used to
it.
here. The traits including sex workers
are safe for a long time from the robot
invasion. I agree. I think it will take
a little bit of time before you can, you
know, get Optimus for the girlfriend
experience and skip the escorts. That is
probably taking some time to get there.
And this might not be the most important
thing Optimus has to do. So I think
uh here Michael Stevens being back in
the stock after realizing he's wrong is
a joke statement by Chris. He's already
missed the huge jump at this point.
That's not true.
Why? Who missed the huge jump? There's
another huge jump coming. I think
I just know that Chris changes his mind
sometimes. That's all I'm saying. Uh, is
it smart that he's not in Tesla? No, I
don't think it's smart. I don't I think
he's missing out this time.
But, you know, every experienced
investors will tell you, well, they have
their own thing. They're making money.
You're always missing out on 99% of the
opportunities out there. It's just what
it is.
Uh, here, last question for today from
Pod.
Joe, as an economist, do you agree that
as AI causes massive unemployment along
with massive social unrest, we are going
to see a collapse in residential
property prices, especially in urban
areas? H
that's a very tricky question and
whatever the answer is, you also need to
consider timing,
which is very tricky.
uh and I am not a real estate expert but
if I had to reason
um I think there will be a K-shaped
economy and that will be K-shaped on
steroids so the top 10 20 maybe 25% of
people will get much richer now and the
rest will get much poorer
and so when you talk about residential
properties I don't know probably not in
the palisades not in Brentwood
uh not in the DC area where everyone
gets your taxpayer money. Uh I think the
people most hit is the middle middle
class. The lower middle class for sure,
the middle middle class. The people in
the third quartile are probably going to
be the biggest losers,
right? The people who are 50% to 75%
richest Americans.
I think maybe even 25% to 75% wealthiest
Americans, I think they will get hit the
hardest.
If I'm too pessimistic, maybe the
beneficiaries are the top 25 30%.
But I actually doubt so. I think they
will get hit extremely hard. So when it
comes to properties, I would like figure
out who owns the houses in that range.
Who owns the 50% to 75% richest people?
They will get hit.
Okay, that is my theory. So, I have to
run, guys. Very good to have you here. I
need to jump on with Herbert. By the
way, uh let me know in the comments what
you think. Go to pioneerlands.org,
watch the robo taxi trackers. Uh there's
more politics coming up this week
because Sweden has an election. That's
also very important. National elections
in Sweden. They are looking at Germany.
They saw what happened with EFD. This is
all very interesting. And Sweden is also
a little bit of a thriller. What's going
on there? We will cover this in one
video just for fun to not forget. You
can make all the money in the world with
Tesla, but what is even your plan? You
have to watch your surroundings.
So
thanks