Channel:     cernbasher
Title:       The FSD Release Note Nobody Is Talking About
URL:         https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_oX1ppi_SXY
Published:   2026-04-10 12:00 UTC
Fetched:     2026-04-10 16:00 UTC

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

My god, we're starting to see the
inseparability between Tesla and SpaceX.
Hardware 3 may end up with a reasonable
supervised FSD, but will never go
unsupervised. Elon isn't propping up a
million satellites in space for its
health. That is a money-making exercise
at some point. Really, Starlink is just
a conduit, the intelligence cloud, the
AI data center that Tesla will build.
He's sort of telling us a story here
from version one to version 2.5 to now
this version three. Did Apple preview
the iPhone before they showed it off to
the world?
&gt;&gt; The story of manufacturing on the moon
and drop shipping it to Earth is a story
that can create vastly cheaper products.
The next 5 or 10 years, as long as they
have an autonomous vehicle platform,
they're are going to be improving this
model. Your prediction about there being
unsupervised robot taxi at the end of
April is more or less likely.
Hey, Phil. Welcome back. It's been two
weeks.
&gt;&gt; It has. Yeah. Wow. Two weeks.
&gt;&gt; A lot has happened in the last two
weeks.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Like nothing, right?
&gt;&gt; Like nothing.
&gt;&gt; Every time we get together, this is what
the This is our third.
It's like two weeks. It's like we can't
even remember the topics we were talking
about. There's so much stuff happening.
&gt;&gt; I can't even remember what I was
thinking about last week. Um,
&gt;&gt; it's a pretty incredible time for sure.
I I've never
&gt;&gt; seen things move this quickly. It's It's
kind of crazy.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Well, speaking of moving quickly,
um, you know, we've got these these two
little dudes to represent us. And, um,
given that we're seeing some more uh
more cyber cabs, I thought in honor of
that, I would I would doctor this image
a little bit and create the cyber cab
version. Now, for some reason, it seems
to think that I'm I should be all gold.
I'm not sure why.
&gt;&gt; Am I the golden boy in this pairing?
&gt;&gt; I don't know why you became all gold.
Definitely not matte finish.
&gt;&gt; No. No. Very shiny. I do like your
shirt. I do like the Tesla gold shirt.
That That should become a thing.
&gt;&gt; I'd take that shirt for sure.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. You You're totally golded up
there. That's It's awesome.
But from the real thing, we're seeing
some uh some more cyber cabs. Uh this is
from Joe Techmire uh today. And I
believe he counted something like 60 uh
cyber cabs uh in various places. And
it's kind of nice to see them all in a
grouping like this.
&gt;&gt; Can you believe it? I mean, what was the
uh
was the uh Wii robot event was I think
was that two years ago?
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. October two years. Yeah.
Look, look where we are.
&gt;&gt; Look where we are.
&gt;&gt; I mean, you know, coming from coming
from some set of a car background
myself, I'd realize how difficult it is
to start with a prototype and end up
with a platform and and then get to
production and we're very close to very
close to start a production
&gt;&gt; and not only that, but develop a whole
new production system.
&gt;&gt; There's so much.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, there's a there's this is a
multiplier, right? Normally, you'd say,
"I have a manufacturing technique. I'm
going to add a new vehicle platform." A
new a new model is easy, right? That's
usually just a variant. Sometimes just
&gt;&gt; trim to go to a new platform
uh is significantly
significantly harder. You know, one to
two orders of magnitude. You have you're
you're effectively starting over, but
you're probably doing it on your old uh
manufacturing. I mean, you're upgrading
some of the processes obviously, but I
think Tesla's done three things here
that are like extremely substantial.
They're going for a new vehicle
platform.
They're going for an entirely new
manufacturing process and then they're
building a vehicle platform that relies
on entirely new technology to drive it
autonomously.
&gt;&gt; Right. So, it's it's it's it's it's
much bigger than just a new vehicle
platform.
&gt;&gt; So, we have a guy out there who's making
a fearless forecast. You may know him.
&gt;&gt; Uh he's predicting that by the end of
April that Robbo taxi will be
unsupervised in Austin. What do you
think about this prediction, Phil?
&gt;&gt; I know him and I think he's quite an
idiot.
&gt;&gt; Well, I wanted to be bold, you know. I
mean, I figured the downside is people
yelling at me and a lot of people are
yelling at the clouds anyway on on X.
&gt;&gt; Mhm. Well, on a serious note, uh I I
made a second post about this and saying
like, look, it's it's a reasonably
decent data decision, but it's not, you
know, my confidence isn't 100%. But
look, I think we're really getting
there. The point of this post was to be
provocative
uh in the sense that we are going to see
that moment where we you know Tesla
drops the hammer and they go
unsupervised.
They run robo taxi proper in Austin
and
you know we've been waiting for it since
what June of last year and we're coming
up on a year and
I do think we're very very close. I see
all the things lining up that makes it
feel like it's very very close. I think
mo most of what happened in this 14.3
was uh was telling the story of this as
well. So
&gt;&gt; yeah and perhaps you can kind of walk us
through this post that you made. Uh you
said 14.3 rolls out two aspects stand
out.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, this is this is really cool. I
think um you know when we heard about
14.3 I think we heard two things from
Elon. Uh it's the reasoning reasoning
version and it will be
for all intents and purposes sentient.
Uh some people say it that way. And the
second was it'll have 10x the number of
parameters than the previous model.
Those are the two standout things you
know hold Elon to some commitment um
type of thing.
But as we've discussed and I've
discussed uh endlessly,
engineering doesn't work like that. I
mean, it may be that people don't like
the fact that he puts out some kind of
commitment that feels like a a firm
stake in the ground. But I guarantee
that the moment he walks into the next
Saturday or Monday night review meeting
with the team, uh whatever is on the
road map may shift. And Elon has maybe a
bad habit of not coming around and
reposting and saying, "Hey, this version
will not do this or won't do that." Uh,
but if you understand that process, if
you understand what's happening in the
engineering room, uh, it's almost
obvious that that some of those things
that Elon says aren't going to be
directly um, you know, directly found in
that version. What we know about this
version is it's taken a long time. And I
think that told a backstory
that was significant to me. That never
told me that it was going to be
necessarily at 10x more parameters.
That's irrelevant. I mean, yes, it would
take longer to train, but not the amount
of time since what where we're at.
14225,
I think, and we're going to this
version. And I think 14225 was uh when
was that released? Uh possibly December.
Uh
&gt;&gt; yeah, I don't recall it mighty later.
Yeah.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Well, you know, it is it is April
and here we are and let's just call it
three months
&gt;&gt; uh because I don't remember. But you
know what what I what I noted about this
was there two uh what I would say
massive things. The first one that I
think is less massive is that it is very
clear that they have moved from a
technique point of view to a lot lot a
lot of reinforcement
learning scenarios and I think
I think that came about because of the
ground game that was happening in Austin
with robo taxi. Okay. What I think was
going on there is look, here's the
thing. Tesla's building this product.
They're testing with a number of
engineers go out in the afternoon, let's
say before before Austin, right? They go
out every afternoon, they drive the car
for an hour, they take some notes about
things, they go back and they say, "Ah,
you know, it didn't go well through this
intersection. It didn't do this yield.
It didn't do that thing right. It was
too aggressive. It was too conservative.
It was too this." But that amount of
information through a small engineering
community uh is is is rather small
compared to what happened with robo
taxi. Right? Roboaxi,
you've got observers in the Bay Area and
Austin uh pretty much writing notes
after every ride and uh obviously a lot
of them became repetitive and they would
and a lot and a lot of those were cured
in small point releases along the way.
But uh it's clear that for the first
time Tesla was testing testing it at
scale. So they were running into all
sorts of issues. Now this isn't to say
oh I'm trying to cure this specific
intersection problem in Austin. you
know, it we're talking about dealing
with a lot of specific circumstances
where they can collect data from the
vehicles.
Uh, and then they're when they when they
do a reinforcement learning scenario,
they're definitely curing more than one
problem. Okay? So, it's not like they're
just fixing that intersection, you know,
oh, this intersection's got is five ways
with a very strange, but no, they're
just basically saying, oh,
categorically, this is different. We
didn't like how the car operated here.
Let's go put together an RL. You know,
and by the way, the way RL works here is
they will have a they'll take a piece of
data and they'll have a desired
scenario.
This is what they want the car to do.
This is ideal. And then they'll have a
bunch of uh other scenarios uh that that
are from really poor like not ideal like
terrible to approaching ideal.
&gt;&gt; Mhm.
&gt;&gt; And they'll assign
uh rewards in the model for doing the
right thing. So they'll let the car run
through a set of what would be called
trajectories. And this is all because
what's happening here is the they can
take the original data, the ground data,
they can load it up in their simulating
framework, their RL framework. It's kind
of the same thing. And uh and then they
can say, okay, let's let's run, you
know, a dozen different scenarios or
five dozen different scenarios and they
can put scores on them and they can say,
okay, we really want it to behave like
this. And so they reinforce
the good behavior uh and uh and then
train based on that. So what I think I'm
trying to say is it's pretty clear what
happened here in 143. 143 is probably
the version that's been running for
a bit of time. Not 143 golden master,
but 143 some build candidate. It's been
running in Austin probably for the last
three months or two months say. And
every time they come up with a scenario
that doesn't quite meet their perfect
objective, either from safety, comfort,
or some other factor, uh, they build
this RL scenario and they run it in
training. And one thing to note about
how they do this is that they're running
on an actual AI4 hardware. So there's
tons and tons of AI4 hardware boards in
the Cortex
uh, training center in Texas.
So, uh, what they're what they're saying
in this release is, you know, we've
really double, tripled, quadrupled down
on RL and, uh, and we're using that as
our primary mechanism to deal with all
these edge cases and they talked about.
So, I looked at a lot of the other notes
in there and I'm like, well, a lot of
them kind of roll up under RL. Uh
anyway,
so this is a big deal, but the least
significant I think of the two. Uh the
second thing that they are doing here is
uh they're basically so let's read I'll
read what they wrote in the release
note. It says rewrote the AI compiler
and runtime from the ground up with MLIR
resulting in 20% faster reaction time
and improve model iteration speed.
Um I think this is a huge thing. Okay.
So, uh
what happened here? So, just let's let's
kind of lay the framework for this.
You train a model and what you get is
you get a model's architecture and then
you get all the parameters, right? The
parameters are just numbers. So, the
numbers have an organizational
structure. They're in layers and there's
a certain number of nodes or neurons and
each of those have biases and the
connections between them have weights.
the biases and weights or the parameters
of the network and then based on how
that network is arranged
uh they have different effective
mathematical functions for pushing the
data through it you know I don't want to
get specific but obviously a lot of that
ends up as matrix multiply operations
that we hear about all the time
&gt;&gt; y
&gt;&gt; but basically to go from one layer that
might be of one type into another layer
here's how the data has to get here's
how it has to be computed Here's the
compute. Okay, they have the model
uh when it's when it's represented is
both the kind of architecture of the
data structure itself, the layers, how
the layers are told to transform as the
data runs through it and then the
parameters themselves which affect you
know the outcomes of of the data's
computation.
And that when you when you put that
together and you put it on the car and
it runs at 36 times a second, uh it it's
the runtime, you know, that's uh and we
also would refer to that as inference.
What they did was they had a a Tesla AI
team built up their own
uh runtime and this is code, right?
People to understand
&gt;&gt; this is actual, you know, code written
by humans kind of code. Now it doesn't
have to be all written by humans but um
this is the the data pipeline how you
push data through the system and how you
invoke the functions sometimes on chip
and sometimes in code because there's no
function in the chip to handle it. You
know, we've heard Elon talk about uh
softmax that he was moving soft they
were moving softmax operation into
um AI5 as a as a hardware primitive you
know as a hardware operation and uh just
like you might find a matrix multiply
operation as part of like you know load
up this data set and then just invoke
the instruction that says multiply and
put the put the answer over here right
and and that instruction is kind of like
at the hardware level inside the chip
itself. So they what they decided to do
is they decided to use a
uh kind of an open-source standard this
MLIR which stands for multi-level
intermediate representation
uh and and and it's an it's a way to
abstractly define that model not the
data but the model like how what it
looks like how it will as the data moves
through the pipeline if you will how the
as the data moves through its inference
cycle,
how it will like what what operations
what compute operations must take place
to get it to move it move its way to the
answer. Right? So that so the input is
largely vision data and the output is
vehicle controls and in between there
there's I'm going to just say 100 layers
of an ab of this thing called a neural
network and it could be 50 layers it
could be 25 it could be 200 but and
there's a certain number of nodes in
there and then as it runs through there
there are different people have heard
these things like activation or um and
there's just bunch of different math
operations that occur through that.
Okay. So, they built their own runtime
and I think what they realized is
uh and and I think this is kind of a
classic example of they did this very
early. You know, they've been they've
been massaging that runtime over time to
try to optimize it. And I think there
was a decision made somewhere
in the 14s meaning like maybe they
started this in at 141
and they said you know what we need to
we want to rewrite this thing completely
change the runtime out and we're doing
it because sort of like a couple things
we will we will give us a better way to
to abstract
off of the hardware.
And I'm I'm pausing here because when
people think when they hear abstract off
the hardware, they think that that leads
to a a performance penalty, right?
Because you're abstracting
you're away from it. You're not touching
it as cleanly. But the way this
framework works, this ML is it allows
you to then uh optimize all those
functions. So you're optimizing for two
things. you're optimizing for
the compute and you're optimizing for
the memory load like how much data has
to be loaded and what kind of compute
you're doing. And I'm sure what's
happening here is as they had this thing
running for, you know, the last two
years through these last big versions,
they've been watching the data pump
through the pipeline and trying to
figure out where is it spending its
time, you know, where is it where is it
uh too memory heavy and when is it and
where is it I don't want to say
overcomputing, but when is where is it
not being efficient. And then they're
and then they were like looking down on
those things and they were trying to
optimize that thing. And then they had
this better idea which said, you know
what, let's zoom out and replace the
entire runtime with something that gives
us uh uh you know, I'm sure they they
tried it and they went, "Oh my god, look
at this. We got 20% performance gain or
whatever they advertise." And then
they're and and in a sense now they're
future proofing themselves. They've got
a better architecture for how to do the
data compute uh on vehicle which is
super important right I mean this is not
like an LM an LM you know that process
to from the user's point of view is
asynchronous it can go off and it could
do what it wants to and we might be
upset that it takes 32 seconds but you
know the difference between 29 and 32
seconds is immaterial to us on the
vehicle
this is a real-time system. They require
the data to run through those inference
cycles 36 times a second or some other
number that they've um decided is
correct. And they do not want to
compromise on that.
And so one side of it is go back to the
beginning of this conversation. Oh, if
we increase the size of the parameters
in the network 10x,
let's just say on a linear basis, we
have 10x more compute. Might it may the
relationship isn't perfectly linear, but
it's close. And we can't afford that on
AI4 hardware. We can run it on prototype
AI5 hardware and boom, we can take a 10x
parameter model and run it through and
still get our 36 times a second and
we're all happy. But try to do that on
an AI4. So what what the team does is
they spend a lot of time optimizing
optimizing optimizing to try to you know
really really use that hardware most
efficiently most effectively and I think
this was the big optimization right this
was the step where they said let's take
a step back let's spend the time
and let's do it right and you know just
so people can get a idea of what's going
on here from an engineering point of
view this is the constant
tugofwar that goes on every single time.
You build something, you uh at least
from well both hardware and software
frankly, you build something and you
wake up on a Monday and you want to
throw it out or refactor it. You're
you're you're basically like I now know
how to do it better.
&gt;&gt; And every day you do something, you know
how to do it better if you're a serious
engineer. And uh part part of it is that
your brain tells you how to do it better
because you know what the problem is.
you're understanding the nature of the
problem you're really trying to solve.
It's not abstract anymore. It's quite
obvious. And the second is you're
watching the data run through, you know,
an architecture and you're trying to
figure out, well, where's it? Why is it
slow there? What's going on here? What
do we, you know, how can we make this
better? And as you go through that
process, you are always constantly at
the, you know, let's call it the
engineering review cycle side, which,
you know, let's say Elon runs those
meetings once a week or whatever. Let's
say it's not just Elon, it's just a a
shock running those meetings and you're
always like, uh, should I bring up the
idea that we should refactor this code
or or gut this code and start over and
or should I stick with what we got and
try to make it work? And so it's not
abnormal. Like what I what I what I
think is I don't want the takeaway to
this conversation being they did it
wrong and now they're doing it right.
That's not the way to think about this.
It's they don't know what to do right
until they did it wrong. You know, it's
like you don't really know. Um and so
they got to a place wherever that was,
whatever time that was, maybe it was in
141, maybe it was in 142 or maybe they
started 143 and realized this is what
they wanted to really do in 143. They
took a pause and they said, you know
what, let's just do this. We got let's
let's bite the bullet. And that's what
they did. So So what does it mean? It
means it's probably more efficient uh
and
&gt;&gt; it futurep proofs the the architecture a
bit.
&gt;&gt; Does it have any implications for
hardware three?
&gt;&gt; Um
sort of I think
uh all of this has implications for
hardware 3 in the sense that
they really truly understand
what compute they need and how to
squeeze that compute out of that chip.
Yeah.
&gt;&gt; So the so the negative story might be
yeah it informs hardware 3 as in they
can't do it on hardware 3. They realize
that you know they've gotten close with
this um runtime replacement. They
probably got as close as they think they
can to being efficient with the hardware
or knowing how to measure it and
abstract those moments and you know get
into that most efficient place. and they
may run it on hardware 3 and say we're
just never going to get there or you
know there's something honestly if you
ask me to place a bet I'd say hardware 3
may end up with a reasonable supervised
FSD but will never go unsupervised.
Okay,
&gt;&gt; I would actually put money down on that
one and I would say hardware 4
&gt;&gt; will most certainly
be unsupervised for robo taxi
slightly less clear for unsupervised for
you and I.
&gt;&gt; Okay.
&gt;&gt; And then AI5 I think boom you know
they're they've got
&gt;&gt; you know somewhere between 2x to 10x the
the headroom to be able to run this
stuff.
So, Phil, explain what you wrote here
about this 10x increase in parameter
count and and why you don't think it
matters as much as people might think.
&gt;&gt; Okay. Well, I mean, for starters, I
think I hear a lot of people just talk
about it as if it's some kind of magic
cure, you know, and most of the people
talking about that don't know much about
neural networks to begin with. But the
other side of that coin and and to give
somebody credit for saying that 10x is
better than you know 10x parameters is
better than the alternative is that we
know that we are in the midst of of this
kind of scaling laws and we know that
that the more parameters we I mean look
Elon just posted about XAI that he's got
u you know he's building a trillion or a
10 trillion parameter model he's not
doing that a little bit later. Yeah.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Yeah. He he's not saying that
because he doesn't think that uh like
all of that requires more training
compute by some let's call it let's say
it's linear 10x. Um,
so you know, I think the trade-off here
is that they found that it's the much
more nuanced cure to problems that they
were seeing in FSD could be cured by
reinforcement learning and that this can
wait.
&gt;&gt; Mhm. You know, and and by the way, I am
not even saying that it's not there cuz
I don't know. Like I don't think anyone
knows except people that have a Tesla
badge. um they may have doubled the size
of the parameters in the 14 you know
maybe not 10x but maybe 2x I mean Elon
always speaks in orders of magnitude so
that's kind of his natural
numeric nomenclature but they may have
1x 2xed or 3xed it uh as far as I know
right but I'd say that it's pretty clear
what they're telling us here they're
saying that we're trying to chop the
tail off and the best way to chop the
tail off of all these crazy nuance
situations is to apply reinforcement
learning
and
uh and then the second component which
is to get more efficiency.
By the way, the whole second part of
that conversation about changing out the
runtime
would be necessary to facilitate this.
Right? In other words, maybe not
necessary but probabilistically
necessary.
Um, meaning that maybe they built a
prototype model 10x the size and
realized that they could never fit it in
hardware 4.
&gt;&gt; Mhm.
&gt;&gt; You know, it was way off. Um, and
remember, they don't have to, you know,
train that model and get it down to
perfection. They just need to get a
model at that sizing so they can run the
compute operations through it. They
don't have to have good answers. They
just have to run the compute through it
and say with this level of these input
tensors, in other words, this input
camera data and this output vector,
which is the controls, you know,
acceleration, steering, braking, what it
can we get 36 times a second with 10x
the parameter count. Maybe they found
out they could only get 12 times a
second
&gt;&gt; on hardware 4 and they said, "No way.
Can't do it. Let's not do it."
&gt;&gt; Um, what else can we do? Oh, let's focus
on RL to get um all that nuance stuff
done. Uh that's what I think happened,
but I just don't know like what I'm not
certain of is where did it happen? Like,
you know, is it did it did it decrease
the throughput from 36 times a second to
12 or was it just down to 34? You know,
I don't know. I don't know.
So based on what you've seen so far,
14.3,
do you feel like your prediction about
there being unsupervised robot taxi at
the end of April is more or less likely?
And then also perhaps as it relates to
Todd's uh question here, where he says,
"Please address how many more Tesla FSD
versions are needed before full autonomy
is achieved."
&gt;&gt; Yeah, exactly three.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Right. Yeah. I mean, so so u it
probably
This probably should be said, right? The
effectively unsupervised FSD is the is
the same at the neural network layer of
what would run on robo taxi as the
product as we as we want it to be,
right? That without super without any
supervision. Um, and customer
unsupervised.
But when people say unsupervised,
sometimes they just mean customer
unsupervised and they kind of forget
about robo taxi because they're just
like, wait, we got to get rid of the
safety observers and then over here we
want to get unsupervised. Well, people,
they're the same thing at most. You
know, at at 90% they're about the same
thing. in unsupervised that faces
the user you know with a customerowned
vehicle there are some nuances or some
differences but but at the neural
network layer they're probably the same
thing I suspect that we will get there
uh very rapidly now in other words
I think it's important to say get there
is not a bright line as the finish line
nothing else goes beyond that no they
Tesla will continue to increase
um you know for the next I don't know 5
or 10 years as long as autonomy exists
on this as long as they have an
autonomous vehicle platform they're are
going to be improving this model and
every single day they're going to find a
use case that they want to cure or fix
you know to encode they want to they
have a use case that they find that
doesn't work ideally and they want to
encode that use case so but I think this
big leap to 14.3 is the setup for this.
Like it's a setup for
&gt;&gt; if I were to guess I would say that 90%
of their focus is on robo taxi 10% of
their focuses on worrying about customer
unsupervised
even though they're the same sort of the
same thing. Um that's not to say that
you know we're not going to get it or
something. Uh it just means that their
focus is is this new business model of
robo taxi. I mean those cars are telling
us that story. They're telling us that
that they're they're going there. Those
aren't cars for us to buy to to you know
drive us home from the airport.
&gt;&gt; They might drive us home from the
airport, but you know, through the
through robo taxi, right?
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Yeah. And by the way, these are,
as I mentioned in my post above there,
these are engineering test vehicles.
They do have steering wheels and pedals
in them.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; That they're for, you know, engineering
test purposes. And they'll be shipped
out probably to many cities. Um and
that's consistent with what we've been
seeing now over the last few months.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. It so so that's an interesting
story because what I think is going on
here is that
um
I think you're going to see when when
when they when they really press the
pedal down in Austin and go, you know,
effectively unsupervised across the
whole fleet. I think we're going to see
a lot of cyber cabs enter that fray.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. And I think that what they're
right what they're doing now is uh you
know kind of in a parallel effort is
that they are
cyber cabab you know if you if you if
you look at a 3D geometry of say a model
Y a model 3 model S model X and a cyber
cab and you place the cameras just sort
of you know they may have the same
number of cameras but they're not in the
exact same places right they're they're
off by an inch or two here and that you
So, so Tesla has built into their model
an abstraction for that, right? They
they um effectively the model kind of
comes up with a way to abstract
the coordinates of the cameras. Now,
when I say that, I don't mean like this
is if this is the left, sorry, left
quarter panel or whatever the this
camera is. It's it's largely doing that,
right? It's not like, oh, we put on the
roof and then it's abstracted, but it
may be off an inch or two here. And I
think the reason that these cars show
up, and I think sometimes they show up
with those um solid state LARs attached
to the top is it's uh largely to
calibrate these cars.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. And I think that they've, you
know, run they're running as as they get
closer to start of production and the
start of production if if they hit that
button, you know, in the factory and
they start outputting
cyber cabs without the steering controls
and so forth, they want to make sure
that they are calibrated and and so
they're not just doing that in Austin,
but you can see that they're doing it
across a bunch of cities.
&gt;&gt; Mhm. Um,
you know, the other thing is that while
we sit here and think to ourselves,
well, they haven't really removed the
safety observer because it's not I mean,
in Austin, it's sitting in the passenger
seat, right? So,
uh, in the Bay Area, it's in the
driver's seat, but that's for a
different reason. Um, regulatory
speaking, they can't they have to have
that person in the actual driver's seat.
So there is this moment in time where
the fact that I see them spreading the
love across many many cities now like
testing getting ready m makes me feel
that that's why I was sort of more
certain in my prediction because I if I
see them playing around in San Antonio
and Dallas and uh Phoenix and Miami or
wherever those you wherever they are uh
that kind of tells me they're really
close to basically, you know, pulling
the plug on the safety observer in
Austin
&gt;&gt; and uh and going for it.
&gt;&gt; That'll be exciting because um after
all, I want my unsupervised FSD.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; I wonder is does the age of our audience
uh do they understand the MTV reference?
&gt;&gt; I think so. I think they would.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Uh there might be a few uh younger
folks out there that might not get it,
but anybody in our age range would
understand.
&gt;&gt; The other thing that gives me great
confidence is FSD is doing all my
driving now.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Last night I got into the airport
San Francisco and
took the crazy I didn't I just didn't do
it. I don't know why. I just should have
tried it, but I was like I want to get
home and I don't want to play I don't
want to play tester at this moment. So,
I did the crazy spiral loops out of this
parking garage, but the moment I got
past the um the pay,
I didn't I didn't I just, you know, home
go sat there the whole time and I pretty
much texted the whole ride home.
&gt;&gt; So, you know, I mean, that's what I do
all the time.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. No, it really is amazing.
So, you mentioned earlier um at Elon's
post here about SpaceX AI Colossus 2 now
has seven models in training.
Um and we're talking about some big
models here, right? Up to 10 trillion
parameters.
&gt;&gt; U explain to us what what he's talking
about here, Phil.
&gt;&gt; This is awesome. I mean, well,
what he's telling us what you remember
if we go back in time, and it's not that
long ago, honestly, um, you know, Elon
had boots in the ground himself in um in
Memphis at Colossus and late night
meetings. We have pictures of him
standing in the parking lot and uh and
what was he doing? they were,
you know, figuring out the way
uh they were speedrunning the the
buildout of of one of the largest data
centers in the world, right? And um they
found workarounds to get it powered and,
you know, equipped with uh the GPUs they
needed and and why were they doing that?
Well, now we know. I mean,
&gt;&gt; we kind of knew uh but what what what
Elon is doing here is
he is trying to beat them all. He's
willing to go for it. You know, I think
he's said that he may not
beat Google in the West if you recall
his post, but I don't think he thinks
that he's not going to lap Anthropic and
Open AI and anybody else out there
playing on the frontier model side. And
so what he's saying here is well one of
the things that he said for the last two
weeks is uh and this is a great topic
that could go on forever is and we
talked about a little bit last time is
is you know vision based AIS and
language based AIS and the kind of um
over time you know which one be got more
traction and you know some got got more
effort and vision was a big thing before
LM and and LM's become became the thing
that gave us uh the sense of knowledge.
Elon said recently, guess what? I'm not
backing off at all on what I'm doing
with this imagine, which is a is a
essentially a pixel generator.
And you know, he made some comments on
on
whether it's revenue generating or
neutral. I didn't understand or or nor
nor nor did I care what he meant by
that. But but he's saying uh I recognize
that to get to AGI that vision input and
output are very very important.
&gt;&gt; Mhm.
&gt;&gt; And uh so I'm not backing off. So, you
know, we're dedicating a lot of our
compute towards this thing that some
people look at and go, "Well, that's
just folly because it's just generating,
you know, it's just animating my dog or
uh and I don't think that's what's going
on in his brain at all. It's it's the
precursor to a lot of stuff that I think
will happen with Optimus in terms of its
vision stack. And then on these other
ones where he says two variants, two
variants, you know, they are um
moving their more traditional
frontier models, the LMS
to um to uh much larger
uh models, right? What did he say here?
Yeah, Grock 42 is is a half a trillion
parameter model and he's looking at
building two variants of one trillion.
So, so first part of this is he scaled
the hell out of Colossus so he could
even do this.
&gt;&gt; Yep.
&gt;&gt; You know what's the limiting factor?
Well, I need compute. I need energy and
compute. Okay. Having got to a happy
place now, he can take that data center
and he can do these things in parallel.
And so what he's really saying here
independent of the numbers is I'm doing
a lot of in parallel there. And
that is a way of saying I know how to
speedrun this process because I have
enough compute. I've set aside enough
compute so that I can parallelize
the the problem of and and I can test
out like what's two variants? Well,
they're doing it training it one way. I
don't know what it is, but they're
training it one way for one variant and
training it another way and then they're
going to uh get to a
happy place. What I mean by that is the
model won't be every epic run through
everything will not be computed. They'll
get to some place where they go it's
good enough and they'll try variant one
and they'll try variant two and they'll
go variant one is superior. Let's stick
with that. It's a bit of you know trial
and error. So why why even bother with
the one trillion if you're doing one and
a half trillion parameters
&gt;&gt; for the same reason I think which is
&gt;&gt; they may find out that the one trillion
variant one performs better than both
variants of the 1.5
or the 1.5
trillion parameter also has different
data sets or the architecture itself of
the neural net is different.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. So in other words, the say two
variance almost implies
that either the data they're running
through is different
&gt;&gt; or the network architecture the normal
network architecture is different or
both to get two different variants and
uh because they both have one thing in
common a trillion parameters right you
know you think about AI in the sense
it's like it's like a mathematical
function right you input goes through
this funny box of numbers and you get an
output and you hope to get for your
input you hope to get a great output,
right? Whether it's driving or answering
a question. Um
but the reality is that you don't have a
lot like if you're writing a function a
mathematical function as a person
writing code five years ago you know or
whatever
you know you you build this function
you build a set of inputs you look at
the outputs and you say the function
does what it's supposed to do or it
doesn't right uh you have a bunch of
test cases and and you might complain oh
it's running too slow so you make some
changes then you find out oh it and all
the inputs don't work or something like
that. But AI is so much more nuanced,
you know, it's sort of like a trillion
numbers and if any one number is
slightly different than another number,
uh you wouldn't notice it. But if but if
it's in the wrong place with the wrong
number, it might give you the wrong
answer. M
&gt;&gt; you know part of this process is that
they have to train with enough data a
lot more data but a bigger model in some
sense is is a better nuanced
mathematical function
and it's also a bit more impervious to a
couple things being wrong. you know,
like
&gt;&gt; one number's off in a trillion
versus uh a half a trillion, and it's
it's a lot easier to uh settle that you
you get an okay answer on that one.
&gt;&gt; Does training a six trillion parameter
model take four times as long as
training a 1.5 trillion parameter model?
&gt;&gt; Invariably, the answer is no because
they never do it the same way. In other
words, like the second they decide to do
a
10 trillion mo, you know, 10 trillion
parameter model, they also decide that
they want to put more data through it or
they want to change its interior
architecture in a certain particular
way. So in other words, that they're not
from an apples to apples point of view,
it's it's reasonably linear, but it's
never never that way because they're not
trying to build an apples to apples
comparison. They can do that in a lab.
They don't have to do that in a in a in
an actual training, but they're going to
say, "Oh, let's when we make this two
trillion parameter model versus this one
trillion, we're going to add couple more
layers. We're going to do we're going to
change the we're going to make it,
you know, most of these bigger models
like this are are mixture of experts
models so that when you're running data
through it, only part of the model
lights up. where is comput you know like
you know you don't when you hear
trillion parameter model one a couple
things should come to mind is oh it's
going to take longer to build it yeah
it's going to take a lot longer to train
that model if if if apples to apples you
might think oh well then therefore it's
also going to take you know twice as x
to 2x or whatever whatever the start was
half a trillion to a trillion uh to to
compute through that model
maybe it depends on how you organize the
interior. So if you build these mixture
of experts, you may say, well, we taken
the math expert and we've broken up into
these little sections over here. They're
they're better trained to do these kind
of math functions for this mixture of
experts component, you know, versus a
generalized math one. Um so you know you
end up with there's a whole conversation
going on for quite some time on how you
take a model and then you make it
efficient to run through inference
because these models
&gt;&gt; you know if you if you just do a
straight compute the amount of memory
they would need to load if you just if
you did no optimization would be almost
impos like impossible to compute the
model. Um so clearly these models have
are componentized through this mixture
of experts technique uh as well as some
other overarching things like
quantization that that that
changes the sizing because you know a
model is a bunch of parameters. It's a
bunch of numbers right so in order to
compute through a model if you had to go
through the whole model you have to load
that whole thing in memory. Well where's
that memory you know if you think about
it and if it's if it's too big it
doesn't fit. So now you've got to go
well how am I going to make it fit?
Well, you can say, well, over here in
this side of the data center, we run
these experts in our mixture of experts
and there's, you know, this is the math
thing, and this is the
I'm making these up, but this is the
Italian to English expert,
you know, um,
this is the physics expert, etc. And and
so you can,
&gt;&gt; you know, that's why you see, um, if
you're using, uh, Grock 4.2 2.0
you see these different agents go off.
Well, I guarantee all the agents aren't
going to the same place. I mean, they're
not doing the exact same tasks. They're,
you know, some are going through this
side and then there there's a
coordinating agent that comes back and
gets, you know, the there's a
coordinating agent that dispatches the
sub agents, says, "Go off and do this
thing for me and come back and check
this and check that." and then he comes
back and they all give the data and they
may sub it out again or they may he may
collect it and come up with a final
answer. Um
yeah, there's a lot going on here. So is
going from a a trillion parameter model
to one and a half trillion is that kind
of like you know you bake a cake, you
learn from your mistakes so the next
time you bake it you're that much better
but you don't actually use the cake in
baking the next one, right? that the
cake that you've baked is trashed.
&gt;&gt; You've made your learnings. Is it is it
like that or is it
&gt;&gt; There's a good There's a good chance
that when he when he says two variants
and two variants that at least So there
you got four models there. There's a
good chance that only one of them shows
up as the baked cake that you sell to
the customer and the rest just get
trashed because they're not haven't met
the threshold that they're looking for.
And you can't take a piece of one cake
and add it to the other cake and end up
with a better cake.
&gt;&gt; Not not particularly.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; No, not that I know of. I mean, there
might be something. It may be that um
you know, they in a sort of a mixture of
experts architecture, let's say variant
one with the one trillion is good at
math and they're like, "Okay, we'll use
the math component of that one and we'll
let that go live and then we'll use over
here. This is the general one and then
we'll talk to this math one." I don't
really don't know.
&gt;&gt; You made two points. Would you like to
&gt;&gt; elaborate on these a little bit?
&gt;&gt; Well, it it it kind of uh will confuse
the folks to say bigger is better. You
know, scaling laws. We've what uh
what I think we've learned in AI with
the bitter lessons about what a bunch of
things are about is that that you know
more compute is better
and
theoretically larger parameter models
are better.
Now, that is a little bit in conflict
with our FSD story earlier, but but
that's why I said theoretically we, you
know,
&gt;&gt; again, it only matters when you use it
and and and goes through a bunch of test
cases and you find out that well, it was
2% better with 10x the size. Probably
not worth it.
&gt;&gt; Y at least in case of of what they're
doing here at XAI, they are basically
saying out loud, you know, we're
adhering to these
we we built for, we understand, we're
adhering to, we superersize Colossus for
the idea of of of scaling these models.
Uh, and that's what we're doing. And
then the second thing he he mentioned
was, you know, is missing important
training data. And that's a really
interesting
um comment because I mean we don't know
what it's missing and they aren't
necessarily going to tell us but it
could be missing you know reams and
reams of textual data. Maybe maybe
you know all the PhD thesises from
biology are missing. I don't you know I
don't know but some some set of data is
missing. So that they're basically
saying, you know, guess what? We're
adding
missing data, which circles back to our
previous point here, which is okay, go
ahead and add add the missing data.
Well, that's going to kind of guarantee
that you're going to uh end up doing
more compute to build the model, right?
So,
so there's this there's this kind of
tension I guess you would say is that
you know all well I guess the easiest
way to say it is all n parameter models
are not equal. They they can be
architecturally different and they can
be different in terms of how they're
trained uh from a from a data input
side. You know if you just trained you
can build a trillion parameter model
with just an encyclopedia set and end up
with a very limited data set. Right.
Yeah.
&gt;&gt; For example, if that encyclopedia set
was last published in 1980, you would
never have anything. Remember remember
early days um
uh I think it's less of a problem, but
you would you would go to OpenAI and you
would try the latest model and and it
would tell you uh whatever my answer is,
you know, it's a year old,
&gt;&gt; right?
&gt;&gt; Because
&gt;&gt; yeah.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Now, now models work differently.
They're they you can see even with
particularly the XAI models is they
reference current data and they bring it
as context data and they shove it
through. So that they're not Yeah. So I
mean like XAI you can ask it like um you
know what did that idiot Phil Bisel say
in the last 24 hours on X? Can you
summarize and it will do that because it
it has access to that live source. It's
not trained in the model. It's actually
reaching out to the source and getting
the data and shoving it through the
context window. It's part of the prompt.
&gt;&gt; It's effectively part of the prompt.
&gt;&gt; Yes.
&gt;&gt; Um Yeah.
&gt;&gt; Well, so let's shift gears a little bit
and um talk about a couple things that
that I talked about this week and maybe
you can I'm interested in your reaction,
I guess, to some of this. I wrote a
article and I sort of teased this idea
of Tesla's next new product. although
you know it's kind of already there and
it's pretty obvious and I'm calling it a
persistent computer but I think there's
so many different ways of describing
this
um and the idea behind this is that you
know we think of Tesla as all these
different products services right a car
a mega pack wall uh optimus you know an
AI chip a data center but when I begin
to look at this you know to me they're
they're building computers in every
place that matters. And of course, the
purpose is not to build a computer. The
purpose is to have the computer in the
place that matters to do the stuff you
want to have done.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; Right. So, I'm a little bit backwards in
how I'm describing this.
&gt;&gt; But if you think about, you know, the
vehicles, they're computers on wheels.
If you think about Optimus, they're
computers that walk. If you think about,
you know, AI data centers in orbit, then
these computers have wings, so to speak,
right? And so
you know some of them are large uh you
know megapex massive massive uh or or
sorry uh Cortex and Colossus you know
massive data centers um you know very
large intelligence factories
and then sort of if you look at it from
this perspective the thing that's kind
of missing is then the small computer
that just sits there in your home.
&gt;&gt; Mhm. also the small computer that sits
there at a supercharger site and and
Elon's already talked about this in
terms of having inference
&gt;&gt; computers there. Um, so this isn't, you
know, this this wild and crazy idea. I
think this is certainly coming. Whether
or not they will actually develop a, you
know, like a Mac Mini type product that
we can buy from Tesla, I think remains
to be seen,
&gt;&gt; right? Um, but as you pointed out that
it would certainly make sense to combine
this with power wall, combine it with
perhaps the the charging device on your
wall in your home. Um, or perhaps even
the Starlink and Starlink terminals.
There's so many different places that
you could put an inference chip.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Including just your car, too,
right? I mean,
&gt;&gt; yeah.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Yeah, I mean this is I I think
this is a very provocative post in a
several different ways that aren't as
direct as you put it like and I think
that was your intention in a way. I mean
what what one sort of macro on this is
my god we're starting to see
the inseparability between Tesla and
SpaceX. We we you know because to me
&gt;&gt; not only are we saying here or you're
saying here we would like to multi-size
compute and purpose you know some of it
is based on purpose and purpose and
place.
Um like where are you putting your token
factories? Well you're putting them
inside the humanoid because that thing
needs to produce tokens to actually do
its thing. But if you think about
discussions about macro hard, right? And
and Elon alluded to alluded to this
essentially. Not only did he say, uh,
yeah, we could do, you know, we could we
could we could do distributed compute at
supercharger sites, but we could do it
in your home on
&gt;&gt; on um on your Tesla vehicles. And it
brought up the obvious question, well
maybe we need a little Mac Mini that's
an Elon version of a Mac Mini that that
does the stuff. And but I was thinking
that, you know, if you think about it at
this macro,
it's like what is SpaceX and Tesla
solving for? They're solving for
intelligent compute practically
anywhere. Intelligence compute obviously
driven by purpose to a certain extent.
uh energy
and network
and and to me if I just assume energy is
just a required entity a component
&gt;&gt; uh I kind of think about the network and
the intelligence stuff as sort of a
single thing like I I I I I think we
should while we will think of using a
startling to connect our devices to the
internet as we you know at some point
really Starlink is just a conduit to the
cloud to the intelligence cloud that
that the AI data center that Tesla will
build and that there'll be really no
distinction. We'll be using services on
our devices that will just use Starlink
to get to intelligence compute. And so
maybe that obiates the need for local
compute or maybe it doesn't. And and if
done right, the reality of this is when
you apply network and you apply compute,
you essentially end up with this
sort of homogeneous
intelligence
layer.
&gt;&gt; In other words,
if you had an Optimus in your home, it
could do compute. But if you didn't buy
an Optimus, maybe you have to buy one of
these little compute devices to do the
compute. But maybe if you have a car,
you don't need the other two. But maybe
if you have the two of them or maybe an
optimist in your home is used by your
neighbor or it's used by the fleet as a
whole to do some larger you know data
gathering and compute exercises that
we've discussed at other times. So I you
know it's
he Elon's really lining up all these
points of convergence between energy
compute and network. It seems like part
of this Phil is solving the near-term
problems. Uh certainly orbital data
centers are coming and we understand
what that will bring us or at least part
of we understand partly at least that
what that will bring us. But in the
meantime you kind of have to go where
the energy sources are and this is why
again going to the superchargers is
great because that's already in place.
It's already set up. You don't need
additional permitting. You just use it.
And same thing in your home.
&gt;&gt; Exactly. So I mean the the point there
is that
if you take it's it's it's not just
total energy to compute is the that is
the problem. It is where that energy is
where where that compute is located
relative to that energy source. So if
you want to do a terowatt of compute and
you try to do it at one data center,
good luck with that, you know, because
you need to really probably do all your
90% of your power would have to be
behind the meter. And by the way,
terowatt's insane because the United
States is about half a terowatt of
consumption. But what you're making an
argument for, which is sort of what I'm
saying, is it is a distributed problem.
It is a problem that that allow allows
if if done right you can build a compute
fabric
that is distributed and
it is where the energy lies if you will
and that inherently means that network
is part of it because without network
you can't coordinate effort across you
know in other words you wouldn't decide
oh gez let's go train one of these big
models
you know, at thousands of people's
homes. Probably not because that
requires some kind of what they call
coherency of the it's like we're trying
to build a single supercomputer that
kind of operates together in these data
epics to train. But inference is by far
the largest part. It's our use of AI is
you know 99% or will be close to 100% of
of of the material use of of of AI
compute of AI and that leads itself or
lends itself to uh to distributed
inference you know and and to your point
either on device where it makes sense
but I mean we could end up with a
circumstance for example you know like
you could buy maybe a couple of these
compute cores to put in your house so
that
your optimist is much more effective.
&gt;&gt; Yeah,
&gt;&gt; whatever that means. Like in other
words, it could it can do more effective
intellectual tasks, generate more
intelligence. Maybe that's required. Uh
maybe it's not. I don't know. But what
does that require? If you put five of
these nodes in your house and you've got
20 at your neighbors and
you know 150 at your supercharger down
the street and you've got your Optimus
here and you want to work it as a whole,
it requires incredible network.
&gt;&gt; Yes.
&gt;&gt; Which is somewhat the domain of SpaceX
these days.
&gt;&gt; Mhm. The other thing too is and we
talked about this I think in our last
show this idea that you know we're
building intelligence that's going to be
surrounding us like right now if we want
to access intelligence we have to sit
down at the device and we have to query
it.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; And we're seeing the development of
agents that can go out and do do work uh
themselves and come back and report to
you. But you're still in this loop.
You're directing it. You're you're
instructing it. It requires quite a bit
of input and effort on the on the
human's part. And when we get to the
situation where all this intelligence
surrounds us,
we've talked about how many things will
just kind of magically happen because
they can be automatically coordinated
within the system because all the all
the pieces are there.
&gt;&gt; Um, I just wonder if you have any
additional thoughts on all that. Well, I
mean that's what we kind of mean when we
say agentic because what we're trying to
say is,
you know, when we think of a task, we
think of if we think, you know, if I ask
you a question, you respond. It's
largely me making a synchronous request
to you. I make I'm making the request,
you're responding. I'm waiting for your
answer.
But I could equally say to you, sir, can
you go off and think about this problem?
And then I go off and do something else.
&gt;&gt; Yep. And then tomorrow we get together
and you say yeah I've got I've given it
a lot of thought and in fact I asked a
bunch of other people too in the process
and they asked a bunch of other people
for all we know maybe disclosed not not
disclosed and so what we have is this
big framework of of you know it's like
the task gets separated from the time
&gt;&gt; and we end up with agentic kind of
processes processes that are inherently
asynchronous to our request.
and they can go off and do what they
need to do. And that's why we say we
often say things like, well, what is
distributed compute? Could, you know,
could someone use my FSD computer while
it's, you know, in my home? Well, of
course, as long as it's wellwetworked
together uh and there's a coordinating
framework
uh that can, you know, ask it and yeah,
so I think what this leads to is if we
watch these companies Tesla, SpaceX
build this compute fabric,
like that word
um makes me sound more technical,
doesn't it? You know, fabric
&gt;&gt; fabric of space and time.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Yeah.
Um but if it you know if these companies
build this fabric then
you end up with what you think of as
just some
intelligence out there. you know stop
you stop thinking about
uh local nature of compute and you know
we've talked uh about the idea that
devices like this you know our our
so-called iPhones of the future won't be
we'll be doing some of the compute local
but we always ask you know well how big
you know somebody asked me how big is
the um neural processor on here compared
to an AI5 chip and I'm like oh it's puny
you know because this
maximum can draw like five watts without
taking the battery to zero.
&gt;&gt; Y
&gt;&gt; whereas that thing's running at 250
watts. And so just from a compute point
of view, you can see it's it's quite
quite a bigger. So you can't jam an AI5
chip in this thing and make it go.
&gt;&gt; But if you have a great network that has
low latency.
&gt;&gt; Yep. You can certainly ask this thing to
do something that can use that AI5 chip
in your home or in your car or in your
Optimus or at a data center or at a
supercharger, right? And then this
device becomes nothing really but a thin
client.
Uh that's word that people used years
ago, thin client, you know, where it's
not so much computebound
uh you know or compute centric. Uh and
therefore you could imagine uh Tesla
say, "Well, Tesla can never build a
device like this because they, you know,
they're not optimizing for low power
devices." And I'd say, "Well, that's
crap because what they would be
optimizing for is incredible network
connect to Starlink. that would be
connecting to a next level up
intelligence layer known as the you know
data center in the sky that that SpaceX
will build. And then what we do on this
thing will because we have very low
latency meaning like the the request to
responses is is is is tight enough that
we would think whatever we're doing on
this device feels like it's all
happening on the device. It allows you
to that's another reason you need to
distribute compute probably because of
uh that's a different form of energy
density problem. It's not like you know
it's like it's also because you don't
have enough energy or you can't consume
enough but that's because we physically
can't put a battery in these things yet.
you know, battery isn't following
battery tech isn't like, you know,
following Moore's law, right?
&gt;&gt; So, we're not getting the same uh
compute on device that we could get in
um you know, incrementally over time. Uh
&gt;&gt; it's interesting too, you know, when I
think about this persistent computing or
this intelligence that surrounds us, you
know, here's a couple of silly examples,
but I think, you know, if we really
think about it, we can probably come up
with some better ones. But think about,
you know, you're doing some work in your
house and you're,
you know, you need something, you need
a, you know, you're putting something in
the wall and you're you're missing the
right piece of, you know, hardware that
you need. And so what you have to do
today is either make a trip to the
hardware store yourself or you go you
stop what you're doing, you look on
Amazon and you order it on Amazon and
you have it delivered, you know, maybe
tomorrow,
&gt;&gt; right?
&gt;&gt; If you have computing device and ideally
Optimus who can just observe you or
Optimus figures out for itself what's
missing and then places the order and
make sure that if it's arriving it goes
out to the curb and goes and gets it and
brings it back to you.
you know, it's it's taking the human out
of the loop in so many of the different
steps that we have to do today.
Or if you think about maybe getting
ready for going out to dinner, you know,
there's some variability in when you
leave and and when do you order the robo
taxi?
You know, is it 15 minutes before so
that you make sure it arrives on time or
can Optimus or something in your home
observe your actual
&gt;&gt; progression towards getting out the
door? Oh, Phil's putting his shoes on.
&gt;&gt; You know, maybe now we should order the
cyber cap.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; You know, it there's a certain amount, I
think, of anticipation that could happen
here with this persistent computing that
we we can't achieve today.
Um, one of my great frustrations is I've
got to stop what I'm doing, get on my
phone and and do something. Query it,
place an order,
&gt;&gt; make a reservation.
None of this is really all that
seamless.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. I you're talking about it's like
uh kind of this idea of it sort of goes
back to agentic to a certain extent but
it's like service intelligence layer
&gt;&gt; like I mean what what we're talking
about here is you know to use another
silly making me sound more important
than I am kind of phrase is like we're
bathed in compute intelligence right
it's it's all around us and it's
observing us and it's helping us and and
uh sometimes for
trivial things and sometimes and much
more meaningful, you know, bigger bigger
things. But it's it's uh
you know, it's like it's kind of like
today we have these devices in our house
like Amazon Echo or what I think it's is
that what it's called? Echo Alexa, you
know, the Alexa products.
&gt;&gt; Uh what's the device called? I'm not
sure.
&gt;&gt; Yep.
um you know we're getting to a place
those are you know we'll call it very
very first generation products and you
know they don't do very much they don't
do it very well um and they make a lot
of mistakes especially like the Siri
products but
that'll all change I mean especially I
think Optimus really starts to
let's put it this way the expectation of
Optimus is to change that
equation
dramatically so it becomes
a very effective and physically
effective that's the other element right
because that's what optimus gives us is
this sort of physicality this this
embodied AI that can not only
service our requests much like the
product category I just mentioned in the
next dimension next generation I should
say um but also like it can do
you know, so it could
I I don't want to say go to Home Depot
for you, but it could certainly organize
the order,
you know, some cyber cab shows up, it
can go out, pick up the thing in the
trunk and bring it into the house and
say, "Okay, here it is." And that was a
20 minute wait versus, you know, you
making the two trip required. Uh
&gt;&gt; there's no reason that optimist can't
look in my refrigerator every day and
order the necessary items that are low
or missing
&gt;&gt; or just observe. Yeah. Observe what's
coming in the house be
&gt;&gt; or actually be the one that does all the
shopping. And when I say that, you know,
I don't necessarily mean like gets in
your car and drives to the supermarket,
but I mean like uses this intelligence
framework and says, "Well, I need these
things delivered." And you don't, you
know, your refrigerator gets full.
Optimus is walking in groceries. It is
getting it from some cyber cab that
showed up. U you know, you didn't you
didn't pay much attention to that. All
you simply said is Optimus may say, "Do
you want eggs for breakfast tomorrow?"
Yeah, I guess. Sure. Well, at least I
might want to. Okay, great. Well, you
know, um yeah, it becomes a bit like a
luxury hotel experience in your house.
Well, we know human we know a little bit
about human nature, but I wonder about
how humankind will change with relation
to these
very um I mean Optimus will
really explode the utility, right? I
mean because of its physical embodiment,
the utility value goes up, you know, a
thousandfold because it can't, you know,
it doesn't just have to respond to you,
but it can do the things you want it to
do. So, you know what? Will it take care
of grandma? Will it take care of your
baby? Will it be responsible for all
diaper changes? Um,
uh, you know, does it feed and walk the
dog?
Everybody wants their dog walk, but you
know, they hire dog walking services
half the time, right? Lastly on this
particular topic, I took the liberty of
to taking this image that was from the
master plan part 4 and I've added a few
items courtesy of Gemini.
Um, and so I I added the uh you know the
the stationary compute nodes. I called
them AI5 X1 and AI5X10.
The X10's here in the supercharger kind
of the lower right
&gt;&gt; and the AIX1 is on the on the home. So
the idea here is that you know you're
combining the devices that perhaps are
already present
wherever the energy source is then that
becomes you know compute an inference
node essentially uh in the vehicles in
the bot and the house at the
supercharger in the semi in the factory
in the mega packs you know all these
things are it's an opportunity to kind
of serve two purposes is now
which is really quite interesting to
think about. Uh really everything can
serve two purposes. The car can move
people. The car can also be an inference
tool,
&gt;&gt; right?
&gt;&gt; The bot can do actions. It can also be
an inference tool. It can coordinate
with different things. It's quite quite
an exciting future to think about. And
of course there's also the the space
aspect of this which is not pictured
here. Um well I mean it's it's again it
comes back to a bit of
think about where your
you know your your electrons are
&gt;&gt; versus your compute need and
note that what's between them is
probably a welloiled network. You know,
you don't think about it. We don't think
about the internet as much as all we
were worried years ago is this office
land connected to that office land.
Isn't that a crazy thought? Like nobody
thinks that word thinks about those
thoughts anymore.
&gt;&gt; Nobody get upset now when the internet
doesn't work and we realize how much we
rely on it.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. It's it's as good it's as much as
a necessary utility as running water to
our home. at least
not necessarily
Darwinistically so, but
&gt;&gt; um we miss it right away.
&gt;&gt; Yep.
&gt;&gt; I mean, gez, you know, I got on a United
plane last night and it was a 4-hour
flight from Nashville to San Francisco
and I was really feeling the pain of not
being on the network. And I was like, I
would I wanted to catch up on a bunch of
stuff that you and I have been talking
about. I was like, well, I got to kind
of actually download them and I we don't
have Starlink on this plane. I mean,
there'll be a moment where that'll be
uh present uh everywhere and we'll be
like, wow. You know, we don't think of
getting on a plane as we need to like
all these things like you get Netflix,
you can download a show so you can and
I'm sitting in the downloading some
podcasts so I can make sure that I have
them available for offline. Um but you
know the other thing is like it sort of
comes back to this conversation about
energy distribution compute how much do
you have how much do you need um and and
and with that with that network layer
the only thing that you the only issue
you have to reach to compute is latency
right that's the only issue you have so
if your if your task is inherently
asynchronous if it inherently can be
delayed to response
you're pretty much
to compute anywhere on Earth or frankly
in at least uh Elon's version of first
gen, you know, uh data center in space.
Not when we we put a huge compute
cluster on Mars, that's not going to
work for us. But um but that kind of
latency, you know, where you're talking
about in the millisecond range allows us
to interact with those things as if
they're part of the thing itself.
&gt;&gt; And and
Since we have these constraints like if
we take Optimus
and we think about I've always told
people that the last two months of the
Optimus project will be the engineers
optimizing compute for battery. You know
that because they'll say oh my god you
know in these five use cases
uh we put this thing out there it's only
going to run for one hour uh before it
needs to recharge. And and by the way,
I'm making that up. So don't everybody
freak out about it because I don't know.
But but I will tell you at the end of
any of those projects, that is exactly
where those engineers are spending their
time because you've got a relatively
small battery, maybe 2.5 kilowatt hours
of energy on uh 2 to 25 on Optimus.
You've got this beautiful AI5 or AI AI6
eventually, whatever chip that can go
250 watts. You've got all these
actuators that want to, you know, move
around and do stuff. And uh and when you
when you start to factor that all in,
you're like, well, maybe I do need to do
the intelligence stuff offbot and focus
the bot on the physical
&gt;&gt; uh you know, like physical motors and uh
push some of the intelligence requests
off to
another compute node somewhere else
&gt;&gt; as per your diagram here. Uh that's
that's what I see
ultimately.
I mean like when when you when you use
Starlink today, you know, you don't
think about how many satellites might be
involved in your connection. And usually
it's it can be one or it can be n where
n is a small number. But it's because
they're you know, oh I got I got to make
the request but I don't have a ground
station here. So, I've got to go 200
miles this way by laser link to another
Starlink who can ground station it down.
And you don't think about that. You
don't even have any sense of where's my
data going. Um,
even with terrestrial networks, you
know, whether they're optical, you don't
know where your data is going. You don't
and you don't you don't care. And and
it's funny how years ago you you cared
because it was it was it was very much
in your face. it wasn't
&gt;&gt; it wasn't abstracted and and today I
think we're at the same place with
compute. It's not yet abstracted. So
that's what I'm trying to say is like
network is sort of a a layer that's
become abstracted to us. We we think of
it as like the running water. We don't
really think about where is our water
coming from.
&gt;&gt; We just notice if it's not on.
&gt;&gt; Yep. And it could come from different
sources and it come from different pipes
and it could be one day this dam is
providing water and then they shut it
off and because of repairs and then it
comes from some other place. Uh and
maybe maybe we taste a difference in the
water if if you know the city multis
sources the water but network is sort of
like we don't we don't think of it we
think of it like that now right we're
not there on compute.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. And I think we'll get there and by
the way in order to get there on compute
we need that network side. So we will
get there on compute and we will stop
thinking about
uh oh I need to buy a computer to do X
because uh it'll it'll compute will just
be sort of around us. That's a good
segue into kind of the next thing that I
wrote about this week. Um this idea of a
new market uh for intelligence.
&gt;&gt; Oh the article I didn't read by the way.
&gt;&gt; Okay. Well, this will be this will get
your fresh take on it then here.
&gt;&gt; So, let me just kind of walk you through
this. And this is no um you know great
genius on my part, but I think it's it's
worth thinking about in terms of the
implications of this because um
intelligence is going to become a a type
of commodity.
Right now, intelligence is not a
commodity. It's in everybody's brains
uniquely. But with AI, intelligence is
just going to be a commodity that that
can be moved around, traded and so on.
&gt;&gt; Right. Right.
&gt;&gt; Um and so whenever you have a new
commodity, you also create the
opportunity for arbitrage,
&gt;&gt; right? If you think about arbiting price
of oil in different markets,
&gt;&gt; right?
&gt;&gt; You can do that because the cost of
production different markets is is
different and the cost of storage and
pipeline transportation is different.
And it allows people to arbitrage that
if they have the ability to shift that
product from one location to another.
And so I just kind of followed that
thread in this in this piece. Um you
know again when something carries
different prices in different places at
different times in different forms.
Um so you think about you know energy
traders trying to arbitrage the cost of
energy in different markets whether it's
oil whether it's electricity.
&gt;&gt; Mh. uh in some places that's possible,
in other places it's not.
Um and the whole reason that we have you
know global supply chains is because
production costs vary by different
regions of the world,
&gt;&gt; right?
&gt;&gt; And there's an advantage to building
something in one location and then of
course the supply chain has to react
when there's tariffs because now that
advantage has been eroded in some way
and you've got to constantly adjust. Um,
and this is something that markets are
are used to doing. Um,
so it's interesting because as I
mentioned, you know, for most of human
history, intelligence was trapped in our
brains and AI is completely changing
that.
&gt;&gt; And and and when you say that, it's
important to say specialized.
&gt;&gt; Yes.
&gt;&gt; Right. So like what you know in your
brain about things are not what I know.
So you have to go to the CERN to get
that answer. You can't go to to Phil to
get that answer. Right. you get a you'll
get a poor answer. Yeah.
&gt;&gt; Yep. Yeah. Good point. And of course,
you know, now it's going to be, you
know, intelligence is going to be
essentially in the future a beam down
from from space from from above. Um, so
here's something I I want to get your
take on. Um, so when you have this
intelligence that has three dimensions,
right? Time, location, and capability.
There's this new layer in the economy
and I called it this intelligence
routing layer and it needs to function
like the internet routes data or the way
that power grids route route
electricity. Mhm.
&gt;&gt; So it needs to determine in real time
where these tasks will be executed and
you were talking about this previously
in this conversation
uh when they should be executed
and what type of intelligence it should
should be used a 10 trillion parameter
model or one that's much smaller is that
sufficient enough or you know a mixture
of experts in this fashion versus the
other fashion.
So it seems to me that that this too is
kind of an important part and I guess my
question to you is kind of where are we
in this today in terms of
building this intelligence routing
layer? Is this going to be potentially a
difficult problem or an easy one?
&gt;&gt; Oh, it's a really good question. I mean,
and and there's I know
what I'm about to say is I know there's
a lot that I can't say cuz I know it's
sitting over here in some you know like
I haven't read much on this but um
you know one way like there's two
extremes here right
one extreme is
all intelligence nodes are equal it's
homogeneous and it's the routing problem
is just availability.
It's just literally like find a node
that can do my compute for me. The other
extreme is
no these nodes much like a human
where you know are are clustered in a
fleet of nodes or a grouping of fleing
of nodes that have a certain knowledge
set. And
today when we think of of routing
uh intelligence like Grock 42, we think
of this like master agent that subs it
out to these these other agents, but we
don't generally see or think of um XAI
calling over to Gemini and asking it
something that it would know, that
Gemini knows, that it doesn't know.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Um, I can't come up with perfect
examples of where that intelligence may
be specialized,
but if we assume it to be true as
opposed to if we assume it to be true,
yeah, we we don't yet have and there's
probably someone who's written on this
and has some
there's probably a lot of like it's
probably someone listening to this right
now going, you idiot. There's this whole
thing out there called um that happens
to me a lot. So don't I don't feel that
bad. Um but yeah, you need this sort of
uh uh router because today
I mean like if you look at an internet
today, you know, when we go to a
different website, why do we go to one
website versus another? Because there's
different data on different websites,
right?
&gt;&gt; And for the most part, we're making that
conscious decision because we know that
website A has what we're looking for.
&gt;&gt; And if we can't find it there, we look
in website B. And if we can't find it
there at all, we just go to Google or at
least let's go preLM days and we go to
Google. And do we ever think of Google
as sort of an intelligence router? In a
sense, it is in a weird kind of not so
awesome sense because it still makes the
human do the the the um the heavy
lifting. But what it does do is it
presents at least options to you. And
and I think that as we go down this road
further with these LMS, I mean any let's
just call it intelligence. Let's forget
about LM, the word LM. Uh it would make
a lot of sense that
different
specialized AIs could participate.
It's sort of like that mixer of experts
thing we were talking about earlier. We
know those architectures exist. They're
just never presented as cross company
today like they're just considered as
you know oh XAI does this model it's
called G rock 4.2 to it, you know, runs
out four agents. They converse with
different of mixture of expert models.
They gather back the data. The the the
the other part of that is that the data
comes back
and it's organized, right? It's not just
um
&gt;&gt; uh it doesn't just come back in a in a
bunch of separate blobs and forces the
human to
uh connect the dots. It it it goes to
the routing agent which is what it does.
It goes to the the the you know the
master agent and the master agent takes
the results back and it and it builds a
cogent response and sends it back to the
human. Um
this certainly you know when we think
about we think about this it it's it's
largely comes back to kind of a network
problem and I'm sure the people who have
if there's writings on this it's
probably a lot of people who've come
from the networking world because
&gt;&gt; this is kind of a Cisco systems of the
AI world.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. If you look at um you know if you
look at at uh today if you look at
routing it's you know that there's a
there's a layer cake of networking
protocols layer I don't know if it's
they start with zero and it goes up to
layer seven you know application layer
down to
physical layer of networking and each of
them have you know and when you when
you're when you're routing data across
that the backbone of the internet you're
you're doing it pretty much at the
lowest level these layers. You know,
you're you're you're getting off your
your Wi-Fi to your to your to your
routing point at your ISP and then it's
and it's really happening at at uh that
routing is happening at what would what
be I don't know if it's layer one or two
because I forgot my I forgot my layers
but it's happening at the what called IP
layer of TCIP IP. Who cares what you
know but it's happening at the IP layer
that's pretty low. It's not at the
physical layer. It's a bit above it.
It's the log the logical network layer.
Uh and that's where all the basic stuff
and routing is is happening today.
uh and and to to formalize it as
something that would be a generic
intelligence router is a really novel
and interesting thought that either
people have given great thought to or
it's just a novel and interesting
thought that that that that either is
required or or or may not be required.
But it's it's certainly something that
can occur. And I think the way to think
about that
may be more about costbased as opposed
to
&gt;&gt; right there's an optimization that has
to happen.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. So if you if you have um this may
be true I mean there may be stuff
already in agentic AI frameworks. There
might be in other words what we're
talking about here is the difference
between someone building a proprietary
solution and someone coming up with a
generic sort of like the TCP IP of
intelligence where it's just generic and
it becomes adopted as a standard and
everyone starts to use it and and either
that thing exists and I'm just ignorant
of it. Very possible.
um or or uh it it doesn't it's been more
theoretically
thought of and written about and it may
be more
relevant to the cost of compute than
&gt;&gt; you know we talked about um we've talked
about this in network systems for years
about you know quality of service and
different types of and uh you could
imagine that
if you wanted to pay for compute uh to
get intelligence back. I mean, you're
always going to be paying for compute at
some level to get like, you know, Elon
isn't propping up a million satellites
in space for his health. Um, that is a
money-making exercise. And
what will that compute layer be a
proprietary compute layer or will it be
a general intelligence layer that is
homogenized across lots of different
providers
that can provide you the same sort of
services back. I don't you know I don't
know where that goes.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. I think in the beginning normally
what happens is
and anything that's standardsbased
um you know people that develop these
sort of protocols or standards and
they sometimes get adoption and
sometimes they languish because they're
built by committee and they're not
solving a specific problem that anybody
really has and they're they're more
theoretical or they're because they're
built by committee they're heavy weight
and um and difficult to um
to use. I mean a good example is
Bluetooth. Bluetooth is a nightmare of a
stack, you know, protocol stack, but
it's sort of got some escape velocity
and and enough of the world uses it
regardless of how awful it is. Um
but sometimes the way these things
develop is they just the company
produces
uh the right tool the right API
and it gets you know great adoption.
So if you build a distributed
intelligence environment at XAI maybe
uh the way you act upon that and get at
it uh and pay for it becomes
uh universally
you know I wonder Phil if if perhaps
auto bidder is
the early stages of something like this
because if you think about what auto
bidder does for megapac.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; My understanding is that it's optimizing
between, you know, certainly the time of
discharge of that mega pack versus
charging
and trying to predict things like usage
and weather and all kinds of factors
about trying again trying to optimize
the price.
You could sort of take the opposite
approach and say, well, okay, what we're
trying to do here with this intelligence
routing layer is optimize for cost
and efficiency.
and I've got all these different
capabilities and different locations at
my disposal with different demands on
them. Do you think auto bidder could
could potentially be the foundation for
something like this?
&gt;&gt; I don't know. I just have this feeling
this like nagging feeling because I
didn't do my homework here that if I
start to look at this
you know there's something under well
well well understood and under some
someone's purview of development that
says oh yeah yeah you know we're
handling this or
you know anthropic has done something
that is being utilized across
multiple vendors now so I I don't know
the answer. I and I I just literally say
I don't know. I mean I there's
there's there's really, you know, maybe
a couple criteria that we have to route
for. We have to route for
intelligence specialization
if that ends up being a thing. We have
to route for availability of compute
and urgency. And we have to route for
cost, right?
&gt;&gt; And and and and urgency, I guess, right?
The
&gt;&gt; Well, yeah. I mean, I think,
&gt;&gt; yeah, cost and availability are kind of,
you know, I mean, there aren't separate
things that it's just like, okay, if I
want
uh
it's sort of like, you know,
in the um
it's going to sound goofy. In the
prehistoric data center days, you know,
at Amazon uh just so many years ago,
&gt;&gt; we spent a lot of time uh deciding what
AWS uh EC cluster we wanted. I think
this I think it's called EC compute like
uh no it's not actually wasn't it's it's
a like a compute node. we'd say, "Oh, we
want this size. You know, we want
pick up um
this much memory,
this many uh CPU cores." And then then
Amazon had a way you could rent a mini,
a small, medium, a large. And then they
started getting crazy like large with
that are that are that's more about
memory or storage or you know like uh
before before generic storage and stuff
and then you know people backed way out
of that and said
or or abstracted that and said you know
what we don't really care about we just
want to do requests into compute and get
answers
&gt;&gt; and you know we want to cluster we on a
Kubernetes cluster, we want we may
reserve something, but we're going to
pay for what we use. Um like like Amazon
has this service called Lambda. And the
idea of Lambda is you make a request.
Now you you build the thing that
services the request, but it gets
pushed in a generic way across as much
compute infrastructure that you set up
for it. And um and so no, you're not
like owning the box, you know, like and
then that the other side that was sort
of like maybe that generation's extreme
and then there was the idea of building
a cluster of the of these
EC2 in that's EC2 instances
uh that were were were were a logical
cluster, okay, like a Kubernetes or a
And the idea is that they'd spin up
these little
uh what do they call them? Jeez, my my
my my brain is not is fried on this a
bit. But um containers like Docker
containers. They spin up these little
containers that are like, you know, they
host it on Linux, this little virtual
universe, and your container could be
running on the same machine as a and
then you would have this cluster
organizer like Kubernetes that would
spin it off and you know, and it and so
it's it's routing the request to an
available compute node. You're paying
for it, but you stop worrying about
underprovisioning or overprovisioning
services.
You stop that thought. You know that
goes away and you just say, "Uh, I'll
use as much as I need when I need it."
&gt;&gt; Paying for the grocery store to say,
"Well, I I want to buy corn." And the
grocery store says, "Well, you've got to
pay for a certain supply of corn, right?
They don't do that, right? You just go
in there and pay for what you actually
need at that moment."
&gt;&gt; Yeah. But you certainly don't pay by the
kernel. So,
&gt;&gt; no. Yeah.
&gt;&gt; So, you know, you do pay by the ear. So,
so
&gt;&gt; um yeah, it's just a matter of of of the
granularity of the thing.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; And and and yeah, the store could
source, you know, three different
qualities of corn or types of corn and
that breaks it into these boxes and some
might be more cost uh you know, higher
priced and just like compute, you know,
something that would one of these bigger
boxes from Amazon cost more money
because guess what? they're gonna return
your result quicker or they can do more
tasks for you. Um and I you know right
now we're sort of I think largely in
these frontier models where kind of like
single vendor and you pick a vendor and
you work with the vendor and you don't
think of you know even across Amazon
it's not as if that compute cluster just
magically expands to
Google
uh or one of the other providers you
know it's it's still pretty much focused
on you're an Amazon guy. You're an Azure
guy, a Microsoft Azure guy, you're a
Google Cloud or whatever they whatever
they call it
&gt;&gt; guy. And and and sometimes you can mix
and match, but usually,
&gt;&gt; you know, it's not homogenized. It's not
standardized at a level um that uh that
you can, you know, it's like what Amazon
does for Amazon Lambda is not something
that is I think and I'm sure some people
build some abstraction layers on top of
that. Again, you know, we talk about
abstractions like we can build a layer
on top of all this that that that makes
those specific services less less
specific, you know, like we just
homogenize the problem. Um,
&gt;&gt; so is is intelligence routable this way?
I don't know. Is there is there is there
stuff baking out there
uh that allows us to do this? I don't
know. So, there's more to my article.
We'll we'll leave it here for now. Um if
folks are interested they can check out
this article on my ex account. Um but
this idea of intelligence becoming a
spot market and the financialization of
intelligence
um that's also interesting we're
thinking about and then this idea of the
the real advantage is not just you know
creating the most intelligent model but
then also effectively allocating it
where it's needed when it's needed at
the right cost. Obviously, that's a
pretty obvious statement, I think, but
uh something that'll become more
important as time goes on. So, let's
completely shift gears. In fact, let's
get off our planet and go to the moon.
Um but Phil, I'm not sure that we've
ever been there. What do you have
anything to say about that?
&gt;&gt; Just go back once.
Isn't that the most extraordinary
picture? Except for that
iconic 1968 Apollo 8 picture that
changed the world was on the cover of
every magazine which I posted like a
week before Artemis. This is the
replacement picture or at least the
picture that's plus 50 something years.
That's extraordinary, isn't it?
&gt;&gt; Pretty cool. Either way, you Yeah, that
you can tell that the Earth is flat from
this picture. It's pretty clear.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. No, it's uh something about the
lens warping the image. I don't know.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, something.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Anyway, you had some fun with
this. Um I had a lot of fun. Want to
share a little bit about this this
journey you went on?
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
I stepped into it on purpose. People
told me, "Oh, don't do this. You know,
you're entering crazy. You're entering a
crazy place." But I did it on purpose.
Uh I just didn't know how many I didn't
know the crazy place was so big. And it
wasn't this post, but it was uh this
other post where I said uh I'll give you
four factual reasons why this is it. The
moon landings happened. I mean, I was,
you know, and I started off
telling the world that if you were one
of these people that are highly moronic
moon conspiracy theorist, I'm about to
tell you that we did in fact go to the
moon. And I gave four reasons. The first
was that we brought back what is it 842
pounds of rocks.
&gt;&gt; Mhm.
&gt;&gt; Two, we put reflectors on the moon that
we can ping every single day.
Uh and and I think places on Earth do
ping it. In fact, that's how we know
that the moon is actually moving away
from us every year. Um, and then the
third was, uh, oh, we've actually taken
pictures from the LRO, the Lunar
Reconnaissance Orbiter in 2009 of the
actual all six of the landing sites,
right? And then I think the fourth one
is I said something to the effect of
like, this would be insane to organize a
conspiracy of this magnitude.
and I got a lot of responses and the
post went up to 300,000 views and if you
read through it uh you will either agree
with these people in which case you
probably aren't
happy with this podcast or what we do
here
uh or you think that somehow they'd win
because they are very noisy and they
have a lot to say and u and I think
they're they're they're they're crazy um
and and They've come up with like
there's there's really kind of two
categories here. I found See, I didn't
know much about the conspiracy side of
this.
&gt;&gt; You found out the hard way.
&gt;&gt; I found out the Well, as I said, I
stepped into it. I was I was well I was
ready to go. Um but I realized that that
the flatearthers are all moon deniers
for sure because that's they if the if
the Earth is flat, you obviously can't
travel to the moon. The moon is just
some kind of light source in a dome.
That was explained to me. I didn't know
much about that, but apparently um we
live in some kind of flat. There's a
dome and there's these light sources.
One of them is the moon and maybe the
others are the stars. Um and those
people even though they're interacting
with this and they may be going over
satellite communications. They don't
believe really in satellites either. So,
and then there's this specific category
of people that are moon deniers and I
think uh like we haven't gone to the
moon. Humans haven't gone to the moon.
uh they would agree that maybe robots
have gone to the moon. In fact, that's
how they think the reflectors got on the
moon, you know, autonomously through
through rovers that placed them. But um
and then that community, I think,
subdivides into two. There's the rather
unintelligent,
empowered, ignorant, feeling empowered,
ignorant folks, and then there's another
group that has more intelligent things
to say. Like I I I think both categories
are are are a little crazy. And I think
and then I tried to, you know, on my own
just trying to figure out like who are
these people? Like where are they coming
from? Like what what's the motivation?
And and I think I learned all sorts of
things that I didn't know. Like most of
them are fairly right-wing and then they
accused me of being a Democrat because I
guess this is like a science-based
argument. M
&gt;&gt; um
I guess a lot of them said that I was
all in on vaccine if I believe this
stuff, which I'm not really all in on
uh at least on not co vaccineing, but um
but you know, so I it's very interesting
how this whole community divides itself
up and and I didn't realize how many of
those people are on X. I thought we were
just amongst a sea of rather
intelligent people.
So,
&gt;&gt; well, humans have an amazing capacity to
be tribal.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, it's that and it's um the
psychology behind it. I mean, I don't
know the whole all of it, but it's it's
it's a way of people feeling empowered
in even if they're not
having the truth, they don't think of it
that way. They think of I have I hold I
hold this piece of power. I can be a
moon denier.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; Um and then you're right, then they
group together in some tribal way. and
we've seen the uh ugliness of tribalism
in the last
couple years on the you know generally
in in in the political sphere. Um, but
this was just sort of interesting
because, you know, as a as a as a kid,
uh, the moon was, you know, it was it
was a thing, you know, I
I
didn't think of that for years as being
I don't I don't know when I first heard
that there was Moon Deniers, you know,
&gt;&gt; and uh, but if you go back to
uh, on this two or three, that one.
Yeah, I did this one for fun. You know,
I was like, "Okay, we we planted six
flags on the moon, which is true." Uh,
one of the flags, the Apollo 11 one fell
over and apparently
Buzz Aldrin and Neil Armstrong decided
not to say anything about it because it
just sounded so terrible that as they
left the moon, the thrust of the
um the thrust knocked it over.
&gt;&gt; Knock it over. And did it torch it as
well or just knock it over? I think it
just knocked it over that that they
didn't it was sort of a apparently a
last minute thought to
pop a flag up and so they didn't have
the right I don't think they knew much
about the you know the what what's
they didn't know much about the
terapirma of of of of
so they they didn't really know what
they were going to how to and they
brought this flag and it was designed
hastily and I think they improved the
design and and then somebody pointed out
that they don't look like this at all.
They've been deeply weathered. They're
if if they even look like this, they're
um they're all faded or something, you
know. But but I did this on purpose
because I was like, "Wow, I want to show
that, you know, not only are there six,
but they're all really close to each
other." And
&gt;&gt; yeah,
&gt;&gt; you just like to stir up trouble, don't
you?
&gt;&gt; I I do. I I never thought of myself that
way. And and uh I was talking to a
friend about it. They said, "Well, that
this is the way you get impressions on X
is you create controversy." I'm like,
"Yeah, I've heard that before." I've
never really thought of myself like
that. You know, like I didn't I didn't
very few posts in the past have I ever
started is let's be controversial. Maybe
the one about predicting um robo taxi by
the end of April would be a thing. But
um
&gt;&gt; Well, you know what? You've become
you've become just like the media who
who uh optimizes for clicks.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Yeah. I I've never thought about
optimizing for clicks, but um
&gt;&gt; but it was fun.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; So, relating to the moon, you know, I
think in a very naive way that, you
know, you you launch a rocket off Earth
and you go straight up to the moon, but
as I've as I've learned or reinforced
what I what I really know is that it's
not a direct line. You've got a rendev
You've got a rendevous with the moon at,
you know, with some precision.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. with a lot of precision,
&gt;&gt; right? Um, and it's pretty amazing
actually too how far away it is and how
long it takes to get there.
&gt;&gt; Even
the the you know the basics are it takes
a lot of energy to get off of the Earth
and takes a lot of energy to accelerate.
This thing was free running, so it
really doesn't, you know, once it it did
its last burn, it left that Earth
slingshot orbit
&gt;&gt; at approximately 25,000 m an hour. And
then as it as it continued to run the
200,000 plus miles to the moon, it's
effectively being it's effectively
falling back to Earth. Mhm.
&gt;&gt; So that by the time it got to the
rounding of the moon, it was going at
only um uh less than 1,000 mph.
&gt;&gt; M
&gt;&gt; and on its return, it's now speeding up.
And by the time it gets back on Friday
night, this Friday, I think it's uh 5:00
p.m. Eastern, it will be back to about
25,000 mph. Uh, and then we'll have to
obviously slow to effectively zero when
it hits the ocean in off of San Diego.
&gt;&gt; It's an incredible um, incredible
journey really. I I think the, you know,
I was all in on the journey. I'm just
not all in on
the NASA tech stack. So, is that what
this is referring to?
&gt;&gt; Yeah, RMS is fine, but I want my
Starship. Yeah. Go to the next one. I
know you have here on the on the um
one more maybe.
Yeah, everyone should stare at this for
an hour. It's cool. You know, this is
the the thrust. I lined up Saturn 5
against the space shuttle against
Artemis
uh Artemis 2. They call it block one but
essentially the configuration that
&gt;&gt; we just saw launch against Starship.
And uh so not notable things is that the
space shuttle and Aremis look the same
because they are
in fact the I think the I think call
them SR25
liquid fuel engines on Aremis are
exactly space shuttle engines taken from
space shuttle program. I mean taken from
like the Atlantis or whatever the space
shuttle. So
&gt;&gt; and then of course they reused the the
solid booster concept.
So they kind of re retread that older
technology. Uh Saturn 5 of course was
was all liquid
liquid fuel but not methane. So all the
liquids here are not methane until you
get to Starship. M. So, Starship is So,
I think everybody else is uh hydrogen
oxy oxygen and then uh Starship is
methane and oxygen as the oxidizer. And
just look at the thrust of of Starship,
the current Starship or Yeah, that's the
current Starship I believe V3 uh
&gt;&gt; and compare it to, you know, you pretty
much can stack everybody up and
uh you you know it's 20 versus
it's crazy, right?
&gt;&gt; It's insane. So, I mean, I thought it
was,
you know, it's it's an awesome mission
and I feel uh honored to be able to
watch it and in my, you know, watch the
both of these in my lifetime actually.
Um, I mean, I was really a kid at 1968.
I was 2 years old,
&gt;&gt; Paul 11. But, uh, but the space shuttle
was was deeply part of my life. And I,
you know, through both uh the Challenger
disaster and then the um I forget what
the the re-entry orbiter uh disaster
remember both of those very well.
&gt;&gt; Atlantis,
&gt;&gt; was it Atlantis? I don't remember. You
know, the one that blew up on re-entry,
you know, and and the first one was the
Challenger was because cold weather and
the O-rings were
caused leakage in the solid the solid
rocket boosters, right? So they caused a
flamethrow out. Uh and then the second
one was because of the tiles and you
know Elon is still challenged with these
tiles on trying to build them on
Starship to get uh reusability on on the
the non-booster side of Starship.
&gt;&gt; Sorry, it was Challenger and Colombia.
&gt;&gt; Colombia. Okay. Yeah.
Yeah. Yeah.
Very unfortunate uh situation, but it's,
you know, it's it's a it's a dangerous
business. Um,
&gt;&gt; look, it was incredible. I mean, those
pictures coming back, absolutely
stunning and incredible and um, you
know, I'm 100% in. I know we've been
there and I'm glad we're going back and
Mhm. and I wish some people would agree
that we went there.
Well, yeah. So, uh, two two last things
related to Optimus. Uh, you had this
post. Um, would you care to explain this
to us all?
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
So,
uh, there is an electronic artist known
as Gustafstein.
&gt;&gt; Easy for you to say.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Pretty interesting guy. Pretty
interesting music. Also a producer.
Produced um,
name blanking on the um, the artist the
Italian lady from New Jersey,
Lady Gaga. Lady Gaga. Yeah, I think he
produced her last album
and was on stage with her at Coachella
this year. But um I just brought this up
because something I like a lot and just
thought that the uh theoretical drop of
Optimus V3 looked a little bit like
Gustaf Steam.
&gt;&gt; There you go. maybe they'll end up
looking exactly the same.
&gt;&gt; You know, people have asked like what's
going on here with this thing? And I
think that there is a nonliteral way to
take this and a sort of literal way to
take this. And the nonliteral is that
they're essentially just saying to us,
look, we're going to shroud this thing.
We may we may we may put it in a fabric
suit, but if we do that, it'll be for
functional reasons to a certain extent.
meaning like the actuators won't get
caught in the uh in the joints of the
you know because those joints are
exposed in the V2 2.5
and so forth. But uh but I think Elon is
like saying look I want to
I want to shoot for the stars a bit on
this one. I want to get it in a in the
closest humanoid form that's reasonable
for the time frame that I'm producing
this product. And we know that there's a
lot of energy being put into the hands
and that's going to make a big
difference. I think you know I think
I've said this many times I think when
Optimus comes out everyone will say so
what are those other robotics companies
building
and the other thing I urge people to do
is be patient. There's no reason there's
no
guess what Tesla's working on Optimus.
Guess what? It's building a factory to
build 10 million of these things on an
annualized production basis as a
starting point. So, I think they're
pretty serious about it. And I don't
think we as an audience, whether we're
investors or not, need to really know
uh
especially if we're investors. For
investors, I don't think there's
anything good to know
uh what they're doing because all
they're doing is telling the competitors
what they need to build. Did Apple
preview the iPhone before they showed it
out to the world?
&gt;&gt; No. Yeah. I mean, very different
cultures here and I don't know what
I guess on a sort of
maybe a more tactical maybe called
strategic basis. Elon puts this out
early in cycle to build maybe market
awareness and pre-acceptance of a
product like this that would be
radically different
as well as
&gt;&gt; attracting the team.
&gt;&gt; Attracting team and capital.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; You know, because in other words, people
will say, "Oh, I see where this
company's going. I need to be buying
Tesla stock." Um, I mean, if I didn't
know about this product, I probably
wouldn't have as much Tesla stock as I
do today.
&gt;&gt; So, I can say that there's some great
benefits to throwing it out there early.
Um, the other benefit is that, you know,
if you're if you're a confident rabbit
like Elon, you know, you let your
competitors make mistakes. So you let
them go through like I think his
confidence is
there's some really hard parts to this
product and the hardest is to
manufacture it. You know I've written on
this I've already started my
end part series on Optimus and the first
thing talks about like how hard it is to
manufacture this product. I think Elon
has a lot of confidence in the reality
of that and that includes not just the
manufacturing of it but the supply chain
as well right to get to you know the
whole
the whole vertical integration that he
attempts to do whatever supply chain he
needs to build that's not I mean it's at
the lower end of this of the pack here
because of the vertical integration
um and then building this thing in a
factory at scale he knows this is an
extremely hard problem and he thinks not
only does he know it's a hard problem
but he knows it's a extremely capital
intensive problem and uh I mean how many
people can
start erecting a factory to build 10
million of these things
when I think about this a lot of people
are very hung up on the idea that
Tesla's behind you need to be first and
in fact I think as as you kind of
alluded to here that being first
actually is not an advantage
um you you want to see your competition
make the mistakes. You can learn from
their mistakes without making them
yourself.
Um so it's not it's not too bad to be a
you know fast follower to to some degree
in certain things because there were
there were different design choices to
make uh and different robotics companies
I think have explored some of those
things.
&gt;&gt; Yep. The other thing too is, you know,
by going public with this early on, he
fostered a whole interest in this field.
The the robotics field existed before
Elon threw his hat in the ring,
&gt;&gt; right?
&gt;&gt; But no one really cared about it. And
now what you've had is you've had a lot
of companies come to market. They've
raised capital. They're, you know, these
private companies and certainly a
explosion of companies in in China. And
that ultimately is good both from a
competitive standpoint but also then in
terms of building out that supply chain
that you ultimately need. If it was just
Tesla doing this
&gt;&gt; I think
&gt;&gt; I think it's a great path if you're very
confident.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; If you're a confident kind of person
I think it's a great path for somebody
like Elon Musk you know now I think
maybe Steve Jobs was also a confident
person but he had a different take. he
would
uh believe that he could imagine the
product that would because again I think
a lot of this comes down to is
um you know there's this is a
while we've seen humanoid
robots in lots of movies we haven't had
them in our homes and while we may say
the iPhone was revolutionary and yeah
all these
Look, even Steve Jobs said, you know,
look, it's internet navigator. It's a
it's a phone and what's the third thing?
And it's a music player.
&gt;&gt; All three things combined. Remember, he
even presented it as these three ideas
that people already could grasp those
ideas. They already understood those
ideas. In fact, when he was in his 2007
presentation,
part of the funniness of that or the the
whole point of it was he was saying,
"Hey, there's this product that does I'm
building a new revolutionary. Apple is
building a new re to do music in this
way uh to do um and to do these these
other two things that we just said." And
then and then all of a sudden, but
people, it's one product, right? I'm
going to build a better phone. I'm going
to build a better internet explorer, a
navigator. I think he he he used the
term
&gt;&gt; and I'm going to build a a touch-based
music player and then and so people
could already grasp those three objects
and then but and even though we can
grasp you know how we can grasp this
because it's in human form
&gt;&gt; it's one of the reasons that but at the
same time
&gt;&gt; we don't have a relationship with these
things operating
in our homes it's much more radical
&gt;&gt; you know and and uh the interesting
question and I would ask you this
question is you know We we've talked
about this now for two plus years in
this community and everybody would have
you believe that these products
start on the manufacturing floor and
work their way into the consumer use
cases.
And Elon often says who wouldn't want to
have their own CP30 R2-D2
you he just throws it as consumer. He he
barely when's the last time Elon talked
about Optimus
in the manufacturing setting? I I mean I
just don't know. I don't think he
&gt;&gt; he talks about it more as a consumer
product. I wonder if it you know I
always said no no no logically speaking
because of capability
Tesla's going to bring it to
manufacturing first and then into the
service industry.
you know, the baristas type of thing and
the inventory counters and the store
shelf stockers and then eventually bring
it to the home uh the consumer cases.
I don't know. What do you think? Is that
what's going to happen that way?
&gt;&gt; Well, I think so. When I look at it from
a purely e economic perspective, it's
that's very clear because
&gt;&gt; even if the robot can only move boxes,
that is still very valuable in a in a
warehouse scenario and it can work three
or four shifts.
If I have a robot at home that can just
move boxes or things around, that's not
that useful to me.
&gt;&gt; Right. Right.
&gt;&gt; But in a warehouse setting, I'm willing
to pay a lot for that because that's a
very useful function. And then as the
robot gains capabilities and skills,
that's it. Yeah.
&gt;&gt; Then then it allows it to move into the
home. But it has to be at a price point
that people can afford.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. The tricky thing is that and why
what you're saying makes all the sense
in the world is you've got the economic
grounding,
but you've also got the capabilities
kind of grounding. Right. What you're
saying is
&gt;&gt; it it fits the economics here and it can
be the least capable version of itself.
&gt;&gt; Yes.
&gt;&gt; And then it must gain more capabilities
to find itself in the home. And it's
hard to argue with that completely
because what we what we can say is one
of the struggles that
I've had with this product is
to describe it what it will look like on
the first day it comes out and is
available for purchase or lease,
whatever they choose,
beyond the walls of Tesla or SpaceX. In
other words, it is in a customer's
hands. whether that's a consumer or
somebody on the manufacturing side or
whatever. And what I mean by that is
definitionally what is it capable of?
What is its capability set? You know, we
know that
um we have like two components of this.
We have the vision AI stack that is
about it being functional in the world.
uh being able to to um manage a physical
set of skills. And then we've got the
reasoning or you know my people might
just say the LM side of the stack which
is about our ability to interact with it
to give it orders or get information
that can affect its physicality, you
know, and the physical skill. But I mean
and but if you think about it, there are
some people who see this
as a product that on day one, snap your
fingers, it's like a replacement for a
human. And then there's other people who
see this kind of pathway to get there.
Multiple, you know, there's there's
multiple iterations of intelligence
uh intelligence to to physicality uh
skill skills. sorry skill, you know,
this physical stuff I call skills. Um,
and and you know, couple that with does
it have enough battery power to do these
things? Um,
and uh,
and I think, you know, that's the divide
where I don't know what that what the
first gen will look like. And and as
Elon sort of moves up the stack, he's
sort of telling us a story here from
version one to version two.
uh to version 2.5 to now this version
three. He's saying, "Well, I wasn't
going to release version one. That's
substandard to my designs of what I
want. I'm not going to do two. I'm not
doing 25. Looks cool. It's better, you
know, form factor. I'm doing this thing
called three." And we might find out
that three isn't good enough
because we thought 2.5 was I don't know
what they called it at the time but we
thought 2.5 was the end of the road till
it reached some idea of going into
manufacturing and now you know we hear
Elon saying well it's version three
folks and we will preview it and that's
the robot we really want. Do you recall
that slide on the Terapab presentation
where they were showing the AI6 chip
&gt;&gt; being used for Optimus? So
&gt;&gt; yeah,
&gt;&gt; that to me points to perhaps a greater
need for more advanced silicon.
And then the other thing that comes to
mind is is the conversations about
reaching AGI that that we won't get
there without you know the physical
robot
&gt;&gt; right
&gt;&gt; and in that case you want to train it on
the most you know
variety possible in terms of data sets
and that's not just manufacturing or
warehouse that's in
&gt;&gt; in the home and everywhere else right so
from a capability and financial
perspective I see it you know playing
out the way I I talked about but Yeah,
&gt;&gt; if AGI is the goal, then it's a little
bit different approach. And so the
question is, you know, how will Tesla
approach this? If if you wanted to get
the revenue sooner, then you could with
low capability, you could throw it into
a warehouse environment and start making
money and deploy these things,
&gt;&gt; right?
&gt;&gt; And there's some utility in that also
from a training perspective, but but
perhaps limited. Well, it's sort of um
in a way I think what's happened here is
the exact same thing that's happened
with
FSD versions. It's the same process in
my brain. It's the what I just call the
engineering process. And it comes down
to I, Elon Musk, walk into an optimist
review meeting and I see where the team
is
and I think about that as the release
product into the world and I ask myself,
is that the first handshake with the
world that I want from this product? You
know, uh, pun intended. Is that the
first handshake I want? It is the same
conversation that happened with iPhone
with Steve Jobs
&gt;&gt; right here. He has this product
um was the first version. You know, I
think I have my little one right here.
Yeah. Yeah. Here's here's the first
iPhone, right? This little guy is a lot
different than this current guy.
And
you know, do you think obviously he
didn't want to do this?
This is the Palm Treyo.
It predated iPhone. Uh but he might have
wanted to do one of these. I think this
is three or five. I don't remember. Um I
actually don't know. Um I think they're
both the same, actually. Uh but uh he
did this and this was good enough but
you know it's if you really look at it
it there's a lot of you know there's
certain smaller piece of glass here.
It's thick
&gt;&gt; relative to you know it's small I mean
actually kind of physically smaller than
the current phones but doesn't have a
lot of pixels on the screen. Mhm. Um
and you know it's is it good enough? And
uh you know what you want is a product
that's good enough that it doesn't feel
so constrained that early adopters will
take it up such that the next version
can come around in a near enough time
such that that version can
achieve escape velocity
and become a massive product. Yeah.
&gt;&gt; Right. And it's in that fabric of
decision- making that is so darn
difficult
because
&gt;&gt; if you need the data, you release it
sooner rather than later. Kind of like
FSD and having us all try it out and
bring the data back.
&gt;&gt; Yep.
&gt;&gt; Um you can reduce the financial risk by
saying, "Well, we're just going to rent
this to you or lease it to you and when
the new one comes out, we'll just swap
out the robot. give us your old one back
and we'll give you a new one.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. I mean, all those things, but then
at the same time,
he's not going to put out what he
considers a substandard product. you
know he wants to in other words he's put
out first off from a data and training
point of view you know I've written on
this a lot of the stuff while I think
the the compute side of Optimus
far exceeds the compute requirement for
FSD okay far exceeds
u hence why we need an AI5 and an AI6
y
&gt;&gt; uh and we have the constraint which is
you know while we have more compute
demand we have less power to give to
compute so a very difficult
problem
um but in terms of the data the training
the pipeline you know I think they've
learned how to do that more in the lab
with this product
&gt;&gt; you know um and I if you look at my
first article on Optimus I talk about
how
I think they're going to train this. And
it's more about this um ability to
compose and decompose skills and and
then the decompose is the probably
interesting part which means that you
can build you can ask you can get it to
do some long chain of things. But within
those chain of things there's all these
subsklls
and in fact it should be capable of
decomposing those down to subsklls. So
making an omelette requires, you know,
sourcing the pan,
the butter, the eggs,
putting the pan, turning on the flame,
cracking the eggs. But at the end of the
day, that aggregation, that big skill
should be decomposable down to, well,
I'm optimist. I know how to crack an
egg. I'm optimist. I know how to get
something out of the refrigerator.
whether it's uh butter or milk, it
doesn't matter at this point because I
got the butter, you know.
So I think they've learned and they have
the infrastructure and a lot of this um
the vision stack of FSD effectively is a
subset of what the vision stack of
optimist will be and that's given them a
great leg up because you know if you go
back uh we I think we talked about this
previous show where we said you know and
I even mentioned it here is that there
was this in the beginning of AI I as we
know it in the modern AI, we've had this
this this sort of war or you know
between language based and vision- based
AIs and when Elon first sort of jumped
in, his revelation was
from the imageet days and so forth, oh I
can use a vision-based AI to build an
autonomously operating vehicle
and boom, he's into that. Yep. many many
years ago and his foray into the
language only happened really with open
AI right that's like he didn't formalize
that as as a official Elon company or
project within now this product that
we're staring at here this Optimus
product is a combination of both of
those things
&gt;&gt; yes
&gt;&gt; and
to be truly effective it is the ultimate
combination of those two things
&gt;&gt; that's
So, um, you know, we'll see. Well, I
guess the point is we will see where he
throws it down and says this is good
enough
to, you know, good enough to go to
market with. And, you know, by the way,
the other thing that we should that's
worth mentioning here is that one other
rung in that, you know, like what is it
it's not is it capability? Is it what
part of the what market do I enter?
But with Elon, it's also
manufacturability, right? And I say that
because while you might say, well, duh,
Phil, everybody thinks about
manufacturability. No, they don't. I
mean, they do and they don't. Elon, you
know, look at Cyber Cab. cyber cabab the
the building of cyber the factory and
the product are a product you know it's
like and I think he's he's thinking of
it the same way here is like
&gt;&gt; have we built these actuators good
enough that we can manufacture them at
scale and uh with with a proper um you
know reliability
not just capability capability without
scale and reliability is right it's
like a very highriced thing that needs
constant repair.
&gt;&gt; Uh, if you're going to build a hand that
can play a piano or thread a needle or
do open heart surgery at some point,
maybe that's not V3, maybe that's V3 and
a half, V4,
you better damn well be able to
manufacture it at scale with great
reliability. And and so he's,
&gt;&gt; you know, he's pulling all of that
together. And I think uh we are we we we
are here witness to the fact that he
either is going to get this right or
he's or he's not going to get it right.
You can always send them into space.
It's the ultimate um you know playground
proving ground opportunity I suppose for
Optimus.
&gt;&gt; And you know what I mean look at his
post here. Off earth will be faster
greater and and that's not that's not a
joke you know because
What he's saying is
if we want to colonize the moon and we
want to colonize Mars and then we can we
can answer the why in a second that's so
uh
economically if you will like grounded
it's ridiculous like it's a it's like
the story
of even manufacturing in these
environments ultimately once we get past
the issues of getting there and getting
but you know the story of manufacturing
ing on the moon
and uh drop shipping it to Earth is a
story that
can create vastly cheaper products.
&gt;&gt; Mhm.
&gt;&gt; Uh and especially if we're going to do
it robotically. And the need would be
like we're not going to Mars without
Optimus. you know, the uh
somewhere along the line I did some post
where I was talking about
um
how much a starship could support in
terms of a human life, you know,
transporting a human life, the two plus
year journey to get to Mars and how much
air you needed, how much space you
needed, how much provisions you needed,
sleeping quarters and waking quarters
and exercising quarters and all these
things where optimist can literally
stack maybe with their arms off in a
corner, you know, and when they get
there, they're more capable than a human
that needs more continuous life support.
&gt;&gt; And now you get a software update as
soon as they arrive and they're more
capable than when they left.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Well, haha, totally true. Now, the
the the the realities of optimists being
put on
moon and Mars are difficult too, right?
these products
um are not necessarily
they're they're thought you know it's
it's it's being thought of but it's not
uh would you say it's not a dimensional
attri attribute of the current product
to deal with the temperature variance on
Mars or the
&gt;&gt; right
&gt;&gt; the the moon dust or those types of
things that will absolutely
&gt;&gt; be definitional for the product's
ability to operate there. Um
um so that said, there's a lot to do to
make optimists work on Mars, but or the
moon, but these these creatures will be
the most common creature in those
environments by far.
&gt;&gt; One thing you'd probably want to do on
the moon is to make it a lot heavier so
that it doesn't, you know, jump around
as much like a human would.
Yeah, these are all things I mean beyond
knowing the gravity realities of the
moon. Uh these are all things that are
well beyond my pay grade in terms of
understanding the nuance of
&gt;&gt; of
material selection and um yeah I mean
the right now on on Earth it's uh it's a
you know it's it's like the struggle
here for this product is there's it's a
a struggle that will present itself in a
very big way to the Optimus team will be
the power problem and the power problem
is
compute over here and mass over here,
you know, and and mass means just moving
its extremities, moving the actuators to
move its extremities, picking up stuff
that is uh is mass and and that you know
you can do a you can do a straight
computation people have of saying how
much mass is the the bot have. it has to
have this perfect amount of mass for
both stability but also uh power
efficiency
&gt;&gt; and uh but that's not necessarily
the front and center concern on on
Mars or um or or the moon in particular.
Phil, we've we could go on and on, but
if there's one thing that I heard you
say today is that you guarantee that
Robotaxi and Cyber Cab is going to ramp
up beyond supervised at the end of
April.
&gt;&gt; Is that is that the summary for this
episode?
&gt;&gt; What What are we're April 8th, man? I'm
getting nervous. No, I Yeah, I'm willing
to put it out there.
&gt;&gt; I'm willing to put it out there. I mean,
if I think
uh we'll get in spinning distance close
certainly. I think it's I think it's
&gt;&gt; I think it's imminent now. Like I don't
think it was
&gt;&gt; uh people asked me like didn't you think
of that in October it' be the same and I
said yeah you know to be a certain
extent I thought December was the date.
Um, so I'm fair, you know, but I think
one of the things that we've learned is
that um, and we should be sort of proud
of Tesla and Elon for this, although
it's hard to recognize that when you
just want the thing, is that they are
really really taking safety seriously in
this product. every single day I can
find a Whimo story where Whimo has done
something completely stupid that
um you know Tesla would be boiled alive
for if if nothing else and luckily I
don't think a Whimo has injured somebody
in a serious way. I don't know maybe
that has but but you know we should be
as investors or
uh enthusiasts we should at least stop
take a pause and realize that they are
not effing up the safety part of this uh
you know you know half of the community
praise uh says Elon is too optimistic
too aggressive and too much of a risk
taker and then the same out of the same
mouths of some of the same people say
well where the hell is this product
Well, maybe it's because he doesn't want
to uh put your mom's life in danger.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, I think Whimo, I think, has a
pretty good safety record. There's been
a few incidences. Um
&gt;&gt; but certainly there's a lot of
inconveniences that Whimo has created
for people blocking the road and things
like that.
&gt;&gt; Uh people being trapped inside the
vehicles for a while. So,
&gt;&gt; you know, Tesla would would prefer to
avoid all that.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. And we have yeah we have to have a
look at safety and experience.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; Recognize that the experience is safety
is important because we don't want to
hurt somebody or you know
um either a customer or a non-C customer
right I mean it doesn't really matter
but experience is important too because
that's affects the brand and and uh and
Whimo is as you said safety's fairly
okay but experience is
you know, pretty pretty poor, I think.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; So,
&gt;&gt; yep. Well, Phil, I appreciate it. Thank
you very much. It's been a great
till next time.
&gt;&gt; We'll see you in two weeks.