Channel:     futureaza
Title:       Elon Isn't Sandbagging and Here's the Proof
URL:         https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=33O5HRif-9s
Published:   2026-06-23 18:00 UTC
Fetched:     2026-06-23 19:00 UTC

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

I appreciate that you think Randy and I
have the ability to move a trillion
dollar stock by even a penny, but I
assure you we do not. Oh, I can't. Oh,
yeah. Yeah. Elon Musk is sandbagging. He
is not showing us the goods from Tesla.
He's not showing us the FSD progress.
The cyber cab is rolling out. Not at
all. The robo taxi slower than molasses.
and he's doing it all just so he can get
a better price when SpaceX purchases
Tesla. Well, that's the premise anyway.
It doesn't make any sense. It doesn't
add up. It would be the dumbest idea
imaginable. I've seen nothing that
actually supports this other than
feelings deep in their guts. Well, uh
there's other things in your guts and
that's probably what I'm smelling right
now. We're going to have a chat about
this and why it doesn't make any sense
at all. This is the final answer on why
Tesla is not sandbagging. They are
genuinely going full speed ahead. I got
Randy Kirk here with me. Uh let's have a
chat about that. I'm Brian. Welcome to
Futurza.
&gt;&gt; So Randy, you've heard it. You've heard
it. Look at this. I've got these
comments here. Yeah. Elon sandbagging
and pumping SpaceX AI to maximize his
total control when they merge. And this
isn't an isolated comment. I'm getting
these endlessly. Elon sandbagging as he
needs a low stock to merge with SpaceX.
I'll be voting no against any merger
because they're burning cash. You know,
I've not been super happy the way it's
behind. Now, I think super dark answer
is it's about sandbagging. Uh and this
just goes on and on. There's certainly a
reason sandbagging may be illegal, but
how do you prove it? And I mean, and one
thing that all these comments have in
common, not all, but almost all, is they
come from accounts that have never
commented on any of my videos ever
before.
&gt;&gt; Interesting.
&gt;&gt; Hard to find any news while they sandbag
the ass out of the price for SpaceX to
acquire at a sweet price. This trickery
is BS. So, explain to me what their
premise is and then let's get into
debunking it.
&gt;&gt; Okay. Well, the premise is that uh when
the Mer the premise which is based on a
absolutely wrong idea. The premise is
based on the idea that when the merger
closes the day it closes there will just
be this what is the value of of Tesla?
What is the value on on the market the
market value on the day of closing and
then the the shares will be distributed
based on that closing value.
&gt;&gt; Now that's not how it's going to work.
In addition, it as a first point and
I'll get into a deeper point later, but
just just on the basic surface, there's
been a a whole lot of conversation about
Tesla requiring a premium that that
SpaceX should pay Tesla a premium
because they're further along in their
various ventures. Um, and therefore
there should be a premium uh that is
because it's not being picked up in the
stock price. So even if there even if it
was a based on whatever the market caps
were at the time plus a premium
um that would maybe be fairer to these
people but they can't really all agree
on what that premium should be. So that
is the what they're thinking is going to
happen and is completely wrong but go
ahead. Well, we will have a part two to
this video coming out probably in a few
days where we look at the future
prospects of Tesla and SpaceX 5 and 10
years out where we look at all the
upcoming products not just from Tesla.
Well, Tesla's not showing, you know,
Cyber Cab, they're not showing Roboteex,
they're not showing Optimus, right?
Aren't we the shareholders, the ones who
are complaining that they showed too
much too far in advance? That's
something I asked them to stop doing in
a number of videos. They don't watch my
videos. I appreciate that you think
Randy and I have the ability to move a
trillion dollar stock by even a penny,
but I assure you we do not.
&gt;&gt; Oh, I can't. Yeah.
&gt;&gt; Oh, yeah. Yeah, I'm sure you can. Uh,
but the idea is ludicrous. Here's the
thing. What I've said over and over is
if it's be if there's sandbagging going
on, someone at Tesla would speak up.
They go, "No, no, no. The board is
captive." I go, "Not the board. The
board doesn't know the day-to-day
operations. I'm talking about the
thousands of millionaires that work at
Tesla as product leads, as department
engineers, as uh managers of
distribution, and all of those things.
those people would know. And if they're
going to give up millions by having a
discounted price, they will absolutely
blow the whistle. You know how hard it
is to keep a small secret? Now imagine a
big secret. Now imagine a secret that
requires thousands of millionaires to
keep their mouth shut while losing
millions of dollars. You know,
&gt;&gt; I can add I can add to your idea. the
other the the additional the uh reason
why that's not going to happen is not
even because they're millionaires and
worried about getting a little bit of a
haircut. That would be a reason. But in
addition, there would be people there
that would be offended. They would
believe that it's unethical. It's it's
not it's not right. Um and so in a
company which believe it or not,
everybody that knows the company thinks
it's really ethical. Um, people outside
the company and people that have a bone
to chew with Elon think not. But my
experience writing three books about
Elon and and Tesla now, I think it's one
of the most ethically run companies I've
ever seen. So if you're in an
environment like that where ethics
matter, where you're trying to do a
great good for the future of humanity
and then all of a sudden you're doing
this clearly unethical thing, then I
think the whistleblowers would be even
more inclined to come forward because
they would be like, "No, I can't I can't
be part of this."
&gt;&gt; I'll meet you halfway. Okay. The
individuals can have very strong ethical
beliefs and reasons why they would blow
the whistle, especially if it's also got
a price tag on it. Guys, if you're one
of those people, if you know that Cyber
Cab is ready today, but Elon refuses to
release it because he wants SpaceX to
gobble it up in 6 months or a year. It's
not happening today. It's not happening
next week or next month. It takes time.
Even if it was on the plate right now,
which it may be, you those people would
be eligible for up to 10 to 30% of money
collected on what would be hundreds of
billions of dollars.
So, uh,
the whistleblowers have the opportunity
to step forward. There's just no whistle
to blow. Cuz as Elon will tell you, the
best whistle, Randy,
&gt;&gt; is
&gt;&gt; is no whistle. Yeah. So yeah, so I think
I know where you're going with this and
that is that we can't know what that
stock valuation is going to be uh six
months out or nine months out or however
long it t time takes to get to the
close. Uh we can't know whether there's
going to be a premium paid to one or the
other company over and above whatever
market value that the c that the
companies are getting at that time. For
instance, if Tesla released
um robo taxi 5 10 15 thousand robo taxis
onto the road before the close, if they
displayed and gave the reveal on Optimus
and Optimus was clearly able to do all
kinds of great functions that would work
in the factory tomorrow and they
announced that it was going to cost
100,000 a year rent, which is what CERN
and I believe it's going to be or should
be anyway based on market value. And
then um also the unsupervised FSD which
I believe will dramatically increase the
number of people that take FSD as well
as the number of people that want to buy
the car. If all those three things
happen between now and the end of the
year and all three could it's not like a
a a big dream. Those three are all in
play have been talked about in terms of
this quarter or the next when I say this
quarter you know the third quarter or
the fourth quarter. um then the price of
Tesla stock would in my opinion be going
to I would say closer to $600, maybe
even $650, maybe even $800 if the
Optimus is really really good and all of
a sudden that would be the opposite. We
would have flipped the script and SpaceX
would be going, "Well, wait a minute.
Shouldn't we get a premium?"
&gt;&gt; Entirely possible. Uh, one thing that
was pointed out as well, Elon would
have, you know, controlling interest if
those two companies were to merge. And
the more he owns a greater percentage of
SpaceX, certainly a greater percentage
of the voting power of SpaceX. That
would mean that uh he could sell more
and more without losing control. Guys,
you don't need 50% to maintain control.
You you can do that with like 25%.
So unless he plans on spending, you
know, half a trillion dollars in the
next three years on the Mars mission,
then there's no reason to fear whether
the price is 20% higher or lower in a
given direction uh even 30% higher. Uh
it would not meaningfully erode his uh
position. And we haven't even finished
counting the stocks in Tesla that he'll
gain from the second compensation plan
to say nothing of the third
&gt;&gt; or any of the compensation of the new
pack package over at SpaceX. I imagine
those plans would have to be rewritten
in the event of a merger.
&gt;&gt; How I don't know and I don't care. It's
something that the shareholders of the
respective well of the new company would
then get to vote on. Although would we
get to vote on it if he controls 80%.
I don't
&gt;&gt; you still have you can still have a vote
where he recuses himself and says I
won't vote
&gt;&gt; if he chooses to.
&gt;&gt; Lots lots of way.
&gt;&gt; I think I think he would recuse himself
because uh if he didn't then uh that
would erode investor confidence to a
degree that would make none of the
tranches possible.
&gt;&gt; All right. Now let's now let's you said
this is the final answer. So let's make
sure the actual final answer.
&gt;&gt; I'm ready. This is not how they're going
to come up with evaluation. None of what
we just talked about, which you think
are not you, but some people out there
that are not listening to Brian's
channel because they're all brilliant on
Brian's channel. The the ones that are
confused, this is not how the valuation
will take place. There will be three
committees. There will be a committee
for Tesla. There will be a committee for
SpaceX. There will be a third committee
which will be a joint committee. Now
that might be made up of some of the
same people from the other two
committees but these will be three
separate committees. The committee for
each company will do a valuation like
you would normally do for any companies.
You'll go out 5 10 15 years. You'll take
a look at the expectations of the
management of the of the seauite on both
companies. Each company independently
will arrive at a future value. They will
discount that to present value using a
percentage like 14 or 12 or whatever
percent. And now you will have those two
companies coming to the third committee
and the third committee will look, oh,
here's what they think is going to
happen at SpaceX. Here's what they think
is going to happen at at Tesla. Here is
the present value based on the committee
work. And here's how they got there.
Here's the details. Every possible
detail, including Grock having looked at
it and gone, sure. No, I'm kidding.
Anyway, so that's what they're going to
get. That's what the third committee
will get. And the third committee will
go, "Okay, based on that, here's how the
split should be." And that's what
they're going to do. Now, the boards can
say, "Oh, thank you, committee." They
could go, "But we don't we yeah, you
think it's 6040. We're just we just want
to go ahead and do it." Even then, you
think it's 7030, we think you're off. It
probably should be 6040. the board can
still override that, but when they
present it to you and me as
shareholders, they're going to have to
show the work.
&gt;&gt; So, at that point, I can look at the
work and go, "No, it should have been
6040, not 7030 or whatever." Um, and uh
and so that's how the vote will take
place. And I have I this is exa 100%
this is not like maybe this is how it's
going to be done. I can assure you 100%
this is how it's going to be done.
&gt;&gt; I don't know on those things. That's
beyond my scope of experience. You said
it's the most ethical company ever. I've
never followed another company closely
enough to have an opinion on that. I can
certainly name for you off the top of my
head 100 companies that are unethically
run. Uh so I don't know who who the
competition is. Um you know, well he's
anti-UN. Yeah, but he pays more than the
union. So I'm not sure. And now we're
right now we're dealing with the UAW is
fighting General Motors over cobots,
&gt;&gt; right?
&gt;&gt; No, these aren't union robots.
&gt;&gt; Guys, you're you're negotiating
yourselves out of existence, certainly
out of relevance, but that happened some
time ago.
&gt;&gt; And I'm not anti-UN. I'm anti-UAW.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Uh they are a real I mean I don't
remember the last time a former head of
the UAW didn't go to prison. So
&gt;&gt; that's probably true.
&gt;&gt; Sean Feain is as far as I know still a
free man but the previous I think two or
three all went to prison. So
&gt;&gt; end up or something.
&gt;&gt; I I mean
&gt;&gt; who knows missing.
&gt;&gt; So guys uh that's it. If you found this
video because I sent you a link saying
sandbagging, stop saying it. Um, I would
ask you why you only showed up to leave
that one comment that one time out of
thousands of videos. And everybody else,
uh, what did we miss? What do we
misunderstand? Leave it in them comments
below. And stay tuned. Stay juicy. And I
cannot wait to hear from you clever
robots. Uh, perhaps when you subscribe.
It's free and uh, you'll get all kinds
of great information. A promise.