Channel:     munrolive
Title:       Kodiak’s SensorPod Design Explained | CEO Don Burnette at ACT Expo
URL:         https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ieDOB7uPyXg
Published:   2026-05-11 16:35 UTC
Fetched:     2026-05-11 17:00 UTC

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Hi everyone, welcome back to the ACT
Expo. I'm here with Don Bernett, the CEO
and founder of Kodiak. So Don, you know,
firstly, thank you for taking the time.
I know it's a busy expo. You guys are
showcasing uh the product here that
we'll talk about on the floor. You know,
we did we did the podcast not too long
ago. It was great to dive into, you
know, where Kodiak's head's really at
some of the real world challenges. Uh, I
was hoping today to walk through the the
vehicle that you've got on the floor
here. We'll talk about some of the
hardware and if you want to point out
some of the areas that you know like,
hey, we were struggling with durability,
but we found ways to overcome those
hurdles. You know, kind of ground us in
what we're seeing on the truck that is
unique to Kodiak and then we'll dive
into some of the engineering behind it.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, sure. So, I think it really starts
with our sensor pod solution where if
you look you look at the truck, it's a
clean sheet truck, right? The only thing
we've modified from an external
perspective is the the sensor pod which
we're which we're mounting here just
below the the A-pillar and nothing else.
That makes ease of maintenance
really easy. Uh because what we heard
from fleets is when you have sensors up
on the top it's really hard to get to
them. They're they're up high. You have
to get like a gantry or you have to have
a ladder. That creates inefficiencies.
It creates OSHA concerns. Um and we also
wanted to build it in such a way where
you didn't need any specialized
understanding in order to do any kind of
maintenance and repair. So just starting
from kind of the base platform. First of
all, it's a universal pod.
&gt;&gt; So this is the same solution we would
use on this ruggedized Peterbuilt versus
another OEM make model. It's the same
pod that we would use for an industrial
application as we would for a long haul
application. The only thing that changes
is the mounting bracket. Right? So, this
is custom to a specific vehicle type.
And then from there on, if you're a
fleet with multiple makes and models in
your uh in your fleet, then you can use
the same pods for each one of your
trucks.
&gt;&gt; So, so this is the adaptation bracket in
in effect. And from there out, it's copy
paste. You'll mix and match the colors
and the application.
&gt;&gt; That's right. Of course. Yeah, we can
mix and match the colors. Uh and then
from there, this entire pod sits on a
single spindle. Right. So, with just a
few bolts in the back and a few bolts in
the front, it holds it really rigid onto
the frame. However, there's a couple
really cool features that we've
implemented. First of all, these front
bolts here, those are calibrated shear
bolts. And because it's on a rotating
spindle here, if there's an impact from
the front, those bolts will actually
break away at a certain at a certain
force and the entire pod bends inward
and is becomes protected by the outer uh
outer section of the truck.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. So, so if you were to draw a hard
line based on all these other interface
points, you allow this given a certain
load to just get out of the way
&gt;&gt; to just swing out of the way. So, one of
the things we've discovered in in the
field is that there are a lot of mirror
strikes. It's a very very common thing
in the industry and it mainly happens
while trucks are parked and other trucks
are backing in next to you, right? And
so, it's almost always in this direction
and it happens by the back corner of a
trailer.
&gt;&gt; That's the most common. And so, we
wanted to protect against that because
we have a lot of expensive equipment
here, right? We don't want we want it to
be breakaway safe. We don't want it to
get damaged every time somebody nicks it
because in practice that's going to
happen. So I think this is a really
unique design that uh that we've
obviously been working for many years to
to uh perfect and it's something that
we've really taken through its paces in
production. These trucks are out there
running in the wild 247 with lots of
reliability.
&gt;&gt; When we go further inboard, you know, I
look at this, this is an impressive
sensor module here. There's a lot going
on. There's a lot of technology and cost
as you pointed out associated with this.
How sensitive, you know, from the
engineering side, how sensitive were all
these components to the movement and the
vibration of the mirror and then did
that drive anything internal to the the
truck structure, tapping plates,
reinforcements, etc.
&gt;&gt; So, it's it's a trade-off between, you
know, vi vibration dampening and
strength, right? Ultimately where we
came to is we want to have this
maximally stiff relative to the frame uh
in order to ensure strength as opposed
to worrying about kind of vibrations.
And then we've done extensive testing to
understand the vibration characteristics
and the shock and load uh sorry the
shock and vibe characteristics that
we're going to experience in the
different environments. And then we've
speced the pod internals to be able to
handle those loads and and handle those
those profiles. You know, there's var
there's various kind of um specs you can
look up like there's mill specs and
other types of specs. We created the
Kodiak spec uh based on our
understanding of what these trucks are
going to go through. But just to
demonstrate as an example, you know,
this is incredibly strong. You can hang
from it and you know, I can do a pull-up
if I'm strong enough, but this is not
going to budge at all. And in fact, I
don't think there's anybody super close
to the truck. You can shake the entire
truck by pushing on the pod. So, it's
incredibly rigid, even though it has
this breakaway feature that we just
talked about. And it sits it sits on a
single spindle. So, there's a lot of
engineering that went into making all of
these different characteristics work
together in a way that it still allows
the autonomy brain to have the good
perception that it needs to make good
decisions. Well, and what what you said
to me that resonated was it's not just
the external structure, stiffness and
specs in in terms of the the physical
architecture, but it's all the envelopes
that those sensors must operate in in
this unique environment. I just what I
hear is like requirements trailblazing
that that's a requirement for Kodiak to
exist is the company must be agile
enough to one understand the
engineering, understand the problem
statements and engineer their way into
this area that is relatively unblazed
trail.
&gt;&gt; That's right. And we're starting from
scratch. Nobody, there's no book you can
look up. There's no information you can
pull. Uh, you know, chatubt can't even
help you with this type of problem.
That's right. There's no spec. So, we
had to go figure it out ourselves
&gt;&gt; by by actually, you know, putting
putting strain gauges, putting
accelerometers, and going out and
collecting the data and analyzing the
spectrum and all that kind of stuff over
thousands and thousands and thousands of
miles in different environments. And
then you can slowly build that spec up
over time. And then, of course, you test
it, you find problems, you you iterate.
We're on the seventh generation of our
hardware design and so what you see
today is a really refined example of
where where we started and and we think
ultimately that this is the type of uh
solution that the market is is going to
want.
&gt;&gt; So I love what you guys are doing.
There's a lot of design of experiments
that are are kind of you know
culminating in what we're seeing today.
So everyone looks at this sensor pod but
obviously Kodiak is focused on other
areas around the vehicle as well. So,
can you help walk through like what
other components are providing a more
holistic system on the truck beyond just
the sensor body?
&gt;&gt; So, on the external uh portion of the
truck, that's that's all there is,
right? So, we don't modify.
&gt;&gt; So, these cameras,
&gt;&gt; all right, you got me. You got me. So,
there are these cameras that we've
added. It is true. This is actually the
the only other one that we do. So, this
is these are used for clearing. So, we
call these our clearing sensors. So they
are fisheye lenses that allow you to see
almost perfectly down the front of the
truck there and completely down the side
of the truck and we have one on each
side. These are not a part of the
autonomy system. So the autonomy system
is not using these cameras. But what we
can do before we launch a truck, we can
ask our remote uh operation center to
log into the truck to see and make sure
that the area around the truck is clear.
And now typically these days with our
customers, there's also somebody on the
ground that uh that ensures there's
nobody hi. You know, the old problem of
somebody hiding underneath the the the
hood of the truck, you know, in front of
the wheel. You can't see it with your
pods or they're ducking right there in
front. Like how are you going to make
sure that that doesn't happen? And
that's what we use. Exactly.
&gt;&gt; So So this is really just at the onset
startup. Make sure there's no pallet
jack here or something, right? Like this
is clear.
&gt;&gt; Nobody hiding there jumping in. And once
we've cleared it, then we can track
uh things coming in and things going
out. So then the autonomy system takes
over and even though there's a blind
spot directly in front of the engine
right here, we know nothing is there
because we haven't seen anything enter
that frame. Uh and we knew that nobody
was there or nothing was there to start
with.
&gt;&gt; So it's not just freeze frame data.
You're referencing back in the recording
and saying, "Yep, nothing entered that
zone."
&gt;&gt; That's right. We're tracking that the
entire time that the system becomes
engaged. From the moment that the
operator says, "Yes, I'm clearing this
truck to say there's nobody around it."
Then after that, throughout the entire
operation, we're always checking to make
sure that nobody's entered the vicinity
around the truck. Unless that's the
intention, right? If somebody's
somebody's there,
&gt;&gt; right? Right. Now, looking at, you know,
this being the the primary, right? This
is the integration. This is all of those
things. What is the limiting factor at
this point from making this an eighth
generation? Is it is it at this are we
at the point now where it's like if we
look at our partners we look at the
state of the technology and all these
things those if we look at all the
envelopes that are contained within this
module that's stopping us from getting
any more shrink wrapped at this point or
is there something else that we could do
to get to an eighth generation?
&gt;&gt; Yeah, I think the next the next frontier
is going to be to start to peel back
some of the technology that's in the
pods. So we've taken a throw the kitchen
sink added approach. We have LAR, we
have camera, we have radars on both
pods. There's lots of redundancy.
There's lots of coverage around the
truck. We of course want to maintain
that coverage around the truck, but it's
a pretty expensive system today. And as
you know, there's a couple ways to
downcost the system. You can remove
components. You can engineer your your
way to a uh a slicker solution and you
can also get uh improvements with volume
and scale. And so I it's really all
three of those simultaneously. Now we
think about that as we move into the
next generation. What can we take out of
this that we just don't need? Yeah. What
are some cheaper versions of a component
that we may use today that we could use
in the next generation of the truck? And
then how do we make sure we have the
demand profile to support more expensive
tooling, right? Because you can always
start to go from, you know, you know, uh
bespoke oneoffs to injection and all
kinds of different uh manufacturing
processes, but you have to have the
scale to support the tooling and the
bring up and the upfront costs.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Yeah. Which which one of those is
going to take the lead and at which
point in time, right? Exactly. Yeah. No,
it's interesting. You know, I think we
one of the things that we had chatted
about on on the podcast was
&gt;&gt; the intersection points between safety
factor, redundancy, the hardware
overlaps. How much of that can AI fill
in realistically over what period of
time and when do we call the ball on
whether or not we're going to change
hardware? It's not an easy thing to go
and flesh out, but I mean that's that
that's the challenge statement right
now. So,
&gt;&gt; Don, I appreciate you taking the time.
What is there anything else here on the
you know that you'd want to share with
the folks here at ACT or you know online
about uh what Kodiak is doing as a
snapshot of today?
&gt;&gt; Yeah, I think the most important message
to take away from is really that this
truck is in in production in in some
sense. Right. We're here at the Rous
booth. Rous is actually manufacturing
this solution and delivering it to
customers today. We have as of the end
of last year uh 20 trucks deployed with
our launch customer Atlas Energy. These
trucks in this color and this spec are
out there running in the Peran basin.
They're delivering sand up to three
trailers at a time. 275,000
lbs of gross freight. Uh so this
particular Peterbuilt is it looks like a
standard class 8 truck, but it's
actually the beefiest of beefy class 8
trucks with reinforced chassis,
reinforced steel, like heavier, stronger
suspension to support a lot of load.
&gt;&gt; Not all class 8s are equal.
&gt;&gt; Not all class 8s are equal, which most
people don't don't realize. And so it's
not the most fuel efficient, but when
you need a rugged job and you need to
carry a lot of load, this is the type of
truck that that gets it done. And we
want to keep our solution agnostic to
all those kind of underlying details.
And that's really where we're excited to
bring this to more markets, more
customers, more makes and models in the
future.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. I mean, the message that I took
down is that it's real. It's a real
application. This isn't lightweight
stuff. We're not hauling around, you
know, goose down. It's something
legitimate. You know, I think when we
were at the Bosch booth, the the metric
that I saw was over 12,000 deliveries.
I'm sure that number is larger and
growing.
&gt;&gt; Um, that's meaningful. That's helping
you guys understand what this thing's
really capable of
&gt;&gt; and paint a clear path in the future.
&gt;&gt; Absolutely.
&gt;&gt; Thanks for the time, guys.
&gt;&gt; For sure. My pleasure.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, likewise. All right. Thanks,
everyone. Take care.