Channel:     farzad-fm
Title:       I made over $1.2 MILLION on YouTube. So can you.
URL:         https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Og3lM5XVed8
Published:   2026-04-30 12:00 UTC
Fetched:     2026-04-30 13:00 UTC

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

I've made over $1.2 million on YouTube
over the last four years, and there's
nothing stopping you from doing the same
exact thing. The five things are the
idea, then packaging, the first 5 to 15
seconds, followed by value proposition,
and finally sustainability. Let's start
with the most important, which is the
idea. Imagine you had a magic wand, and
you could make literally any video you
can think of. What would you make? Let's
drive this home with a thought exercise.
Which video do you think would perform
better? One where you watch grass grow
in real time or one where Trump and
Obama are actually fist fighting each
other? It's pretty obvious that the
Trump versus Obama video would get a
million times the views. That's because
the idea of those two fighting is way
more interesting than watching grass
grow. The same applies to your videos.
The best ideas are the ones where the
simplest style of packaging, meaning the
title and thumbnail, would make it
impossible for someone to pass. Imagine
how easy it would be to make the
thumbnail and title for the Trump versus
Obama video. You literally would just
have to take a still of one of each of
them, landing a punch on the other while
making sure Trump's and Obama's faces
are clear to see, and the title can
simply be Trump and Obama get into fist
fight. Boom. That's it. Now, imagine
doing that with the grass video. There
does not exist a combination of title
and thumbnail that would get a fraction
of the views of the Trump versus Obama
video. It would be literally impossible.
This is why the idea for a video is by
far the most important. The more
impossible it is not to watch it, the
better it will do. You always have to
remember that the first thing someone
sees from your video is the title and
thumbnail. The better the idea, the
easier it is to convey it. And now we
get into the next most important thing,
which is the packaging, also known as
thumbnail and title. Once you've landed
on an idea for a video, next you think
about how to convey that idea to the
audience with your thumbnail and title,
so that it's irresistible. The thumbnail
is the thing that will catch people's
eyes that are looking at YouTube. It
needs to be something that's very
different from everything else on the
home screen. It very quickly conveys
what the video is about and what it
conveys is maximally intriguing,
interesting, or shocking. Ideally, all
three. So, for example, for the Trump
versus Obama video, the format that
would best convey this on a thumbnail is
a close-up of Trump and Obama's faces
while one is landing a punch on the
other. Now, this specific thumbnail
selection for the Trump and Obama video
achieves multiple things. First, it
makes it very easy for the audience to
see that the video is about Obama and
Trump because their faces are nice and
big on the thumbnail. Obama and Trump
together leads to massive interest
because it's Trump and Obama. They are
both basically known by every living
person on the planet with access to the
internet. And lastly, it conveys a
shocking act, which is the punch. Good
luck finding another thumbnail on the
home screen or sidebar that conveys
anything as remotely close to
interesting, intriguing, or shocking. It
is maximally differentiated. You have to
remember that you are always competing
against every other creator on the
platform. And the best way to separate
yourself is by standing out with
excellent thumbnail design. And that
doesn't mean it needs to be complex. You
have to remember that the average time
someone spends looking at a thumbnail is
less than a second. So, whatever you're
trying to convey needs to be understood
extremely quickly. This generally means
having very simple thumbnails that have
two to three core subjects at a maximum
that are also maximally captivating and
eye-catching. If someone is fully
captivated by the thumbnail, then they
will read the title. Now, the title
needs to deliver on the thumbnail
premise with a statement that makes it
impossible for the person to not click.
So, for the Obama versus Trump example,
here are a few that would work. Trump
punches Obama in the face. Seriously,
Trump punches Obama in the face.
Actually happened. Trump actually
punches Obama. Real footage. Do you see
how easy it is to make a title for this
video? Because the idea is so
irresistible. Simply describing the act
makes it a nobrainer click. Generally
speaking, the more complex or niche the
video idea, the more time you have to
spend on the title and thumbnail to
drive home the point. The more
no-brainer idea for a video, the lower
the friction for an incredible title and
thumbnail. Now, if your goal is to
maximize the number of people that will
click on your video, then the thumbnail
and title have to be as broadly
understandable by the audience as
humanly possible. Because the idea of
Trump punching Obama is so incredible in
this case, the amount of work and time
we have to spend doing the packaging is
barely anything. But again, the more
complex, narrow, or niche the idea, the
harder the packaging will be. That
doesn't mean you shouldn't do complex or
niche ideas. You just have to keep that
in mind when you're crafting your title
and thumbnail. You always have to keep
in mind that YouTube vastly prefers
videos that maximally increase the rate
that people will click and watch because
that gives YouTube the highest chance to
show ads, which in turn makes YouTube
the most amount of money. YouTube is a
for-profit business. Its incentive is to
make as much money as possible for its
shareholders. And the better chance you
give them to do that, the more money you
will make. It's very simple. Now, let's
go to the next most important thing,
which is the first 5 to 15 seconds in a
video. Now that a person has been fully
captivated by your thumbnail and title,
and they had to click on your video, now
you have to deliver on the premise of
your title and thumbnail within the
first 15 seconds. So, in the case of the
Trump versus Obama video, if the first 5
seconds isn't Trump or Obama getting
punched in the face, you have failed
bigly. You have to carry that idea with
you for every single video that you do.
Within the first 5 to 15 seconds, you
have to confirm to the audience that the
video they clicked on delivers on the
premise that you have presented on the
title and thumbnail. And in the best
case, it exceeds the premise. So, for
the Trump versus Obama example, if you
start off by showing Trump punching
Obama in the face, but then you can show
Obama getting his teeth knocked out and
maybe freaking blood's coming out of his
nose or something, you've hit the
jackpot. Now, if you don't deliver on
the premise of the title and thumbnail,
people will simply click off your video
because they clicked on your video
expecting something and they got
something completely different. They
clicked to see Trump or Obama getting
punched in the face. So, you better show
them what they came to see. Otherwise,
YouTube will not recommend your video to
other people because it sends a signal
to YouTube that says people are unlikely
to stay and watch the rest of your
video, which means YouTube will not be
able to show as many ads as it otherwise
could have with someone else's video.
The more you deliver on the promise of
your thumbnail and title, the more your
videos get recommended, which means more
views and ultimately more earnings. Now,
let's cover the next one, which is value
proposition. After the first 15 seconds,
your job actually gets a lot easier.
You've now done the work to get people
to click, which is by far the hardest,
and to stay, which is almost as hard.
Next, you have to give people a reason
to watch until the end of your video so
that YouTube can serve as many ads as
possible. The best way to do this is by
giving the audience a valuable, helpful,
and entertaining perspective that they
cannot find anywhere else. If you're
talking about something that they've
already heard or seen somewhere else,
then your chances to get people to stay
for the video go down because most
people, especially those that YouTube
loves to show ads to, value their time.
Put yourself in their shoes. How many
times do you want to see the Trump
punching Obama video as an example?
Okay, maybe some of you want to watch
that like freaking a million times.
Okay, but for most people, most normal
people, maybe we're good after it the
third time, but by the 10th time, you're
like, "Okay, I got it. I want to see
something else or I want to see someone
else getting freaking punched in the
face." Even the most insane idea has a
shelf life. So, your goal is to maximize
the chance that every second you spend
talking or showing something that it's
something valuable, helpful, or
entertaining, and ideally all three at
the same time. Again, this has the most
durable effect of people staying and
watching your videos, which gives
YouTube more and more chances to show an
ad. And the kicker is, if you do this
with people that value their time, then
YouTube's ultra smart algorithm will
kick in and will show ads that companies
are paying a premium for to show on your
videos, which means that your earnings
per view actually goes up because ad
partners are willing to pay more to show
their ads to people who value their
time. This is because people who value
their time generally have a lot more
money because they know how much their
time is worth. Given that time is the
most scarce currency in the universe.
Literally think about it. You can get
more of anything you want except for
time. We all die eventually. Sorry to
get dark. But the more you create
content with this mindset, the more
views you'll get and the more money you
will make. And the last thing on this
list, sustainability. This is the one
that I rarely see get talked about. If
you do not spend your time creating
content that you want to make and are
passionate about, then you will burn out
so fast and so hard. You will hate
making content. You will feel trapped.
Every day will feel like a struggle
because you are forcing yourself to do
something very hard which is content
creation on your own time on stuff you
don't even want to talk about. This will
cause you to quit well before you get
good enough to become an elite content
creator. The tried andrue way to get
elite at something is time plus
repetition. If you don't get the reps
in, you will fail and you will quit far
too fast. You won't get the necessary
reps to improve your craft. The
inescapable tough moments that arise
from doing something hard like putting
yourself out there on something that you
deeply connect with that then gets shhat
on by comments and replies on the
worldwide web are 10,000 times more
difficult to overcome if you are not
passionate about the content that you
create. So you need to guarantee to
yourself well before you make your next
video that the reason why you are making
the content is because you love it, not
because of the money or some other vain
reason like views or becoming famous.
That will chew you up and spit you
out. Content creation is a cruel
mistress. Do not mess with her. However,
if you are passionate about what you do,
then you'll give yourself a chance to
stay in the content creation journey for
the long term, which will allow you to
hone in your skills, master your craft,
and build up an increasingly valuable
catalog of content that the YouTube
algorithm will then resurface on its own
when it senses that it will perform well
with an audience. Now, here is my
biggest lesson. If you are passionate
about the content, are really good at
coming up with ideas, are very good at
packaging those ideas, very good at
introducing those ideas, and very good
at giving novel and unique insights,
then YouTube will reward you in ways you
never thought possible. The algorithm
will be extremely happy to serve your
content, including your back catalog.
This will massively increase your reach
over time, leading to more views and
subscribers. Over time, sponsors will be
tripping over themselves to pay you to
promote their products and services on
your channel. This is, of course,
optional. You can use your content
however you'd like, but as long as you
execute on these five premises, your
path to success is guaranteed, and you
will have an audience that loves you for
it. This is why I've spent a ridiculous
amount of time creating systems and
processes around my content creation
journey to maximize my chances of
achieving all these things while
removing as much friction as humanly
possible from the second I discover an
idea to the video getting published.
Friction is the biggest killer of
creativity. It prevents you from getting
into a flow and flow is the biggest
boost to creativity. My job as a content
creator now is to eliminate every point
of friction so I can enter a flow state
as quickly as humanly possible. And I've
created an entire system for myself that
is now available at farzza.ai
as an all-in-one content creation tool.
It will learn how you think, talk, and
present yourself from your existing
content library. It will then
automatically surface killer ideas,
titles, concepts, and framing
specifically for your niche and what you
usually cover and will also make killer
scripts and articles in your style. If
you use the tool, you will notice that
it's not like your usual generic chat
script. It will sound and read like you
because it literally learns from you and
it will get better over time as you
tweak things that you might do
differently. The idea here is to remove
80% of the friction that content
creators usually face and put that time
back in your hands to actually create
the content. It's great for both
beginners and content pros. And I'm
personally developing the tool in house.
I literally use it every day to make it
as helpful as humanly possible, not just
for myself, but for everyone. You will
very quickly see that me and the team
are ultra responsive to feedback and are
constantly improving the product.
Thankfully for me, my four plus years
leading teams at Tesla taught me a lot
of lessons around that, and we are
applying the same lessons to everything
we do, from content creation on this
channel to tool development and beyond.
Use code Farszot 10 for 10% off your
first month or year, depending on the
subscription you choose. I hope this
video was informative and helpful, and
we'll see you on the next one. Take it
easy, everybody. Bye-bye.