Channel:     munrolive
Title:       How Malibu Boats Builds a Boat in One Piece Flow
URL:         https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UhRwQYYcjtk
Published:   2026-07-20 18:00 UTC
Fetched:     2026-07-20 19:00 UTC

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Yeah, you touched on the one-piece flow
for your boat assembly, which I'm
intrigued about as well. I think
everybody has the idea that these come
together in a sort of kit fashion or
sort of old-fashioned process, but what
I understand about your one-piece flow
process is it's a lot more akin to a an
automotive assembly line than than maybe
people would assume.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, it's
the line is the
coming from an industry where you you
bring in steel or aluminum and so forth
and you start bending, welding, and all
that cut, weld, all that kind of thing.
We're a little different. We're a boat
starts in a 55-gallon drum of resin,
right? So, and then you have a mold, and
so you have to you know, you have to
spray in and you actually build the
outside in. So, that's kind of a
different you know, process. So, you
start with spraying gel and and you
know, you know, start lamination and so
on. But, we have 19 stations that we run
the boat through in a one-piece flow,
where we're beginning with the initial
drum that comes on into the plant, and
it follows it, you know, one-piece flow
through the plant. And we have our, you
know, quality checks at each station.
You know, we look for first, you know,
first pass yield. How we're thinking
about how that that quality of the boat
continues to move through, and then you
get into
like auto, similar to auto, where your
interiors, right? We have, you know, the
interiors of our boats are you know, fit
and finish is a high-end. It's very
scrutinized by consumers and so forth.
So, like the auto industry, you got to
make sure your interiors are are just
done right and hit all your specs, your
standard work, and so on. And and we do
that, but we, as any manufacturer knows,
you can be better all the time.
Continuous improvement is a big
opportunity for us every day that we
come to work.