Channel:     electrified
Title:       Tesla Stock Soars on Cybercab & FSD Developments ⚡️
URL:         https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Li2WiBirirM
Published:   2026-06-30 00:00 UTC
Fetched:     2026-06-30 02:00 UTC

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Welcome to Electrified. It's your host,
Dylan Lumis. A quick shout out to my
newest patron, Mo P. Thank you for
choosing to support the channel. I'd
also like to highlight that today's
intro idea came compliments of my wife.
Over the weekend, many of you have seen
Tesla completed one of the last major
hurdles before it can actually deploy
the Cyber Cab in Austin. The first
responder guides for the Cyber Cab are
now live. And further, this guide for
Tesla's Cyber Cab is now officially on
the Texas Department of Public Safety
website. So really, at this point, the
only thing left for Tesla to do is to
validate the software and the hardware.
And one thing to note, there was a few
weeks between the time when Tesla
uploaded the Model Y first responder
guide and when Tesla deployed the Model
Y as a robo taxi in Austin. However,
that was to launch the service. So now
that Tesla's been operating for over a
year, we might have a shorter time frame
between these documents becoming
official and a cyber cab being deployed.
But yes, it could absolutely still be a
few weeks of waiting. But we do have
Herbert saying a big announcement is
coming from Tesla on Tuesday, July 7th.
&gt;&gt; All right, so in a week from Tuesday,
there'll be some cool news about things
happening on the campus of Texas. And I
can't talk about it right now, but it's
part of the scaling efforts. So listen,
naturally everybody's mind goes to
something with the Cyber Cab, but from
this post alone, this could be any
number of things, but yes, with that
disclaimer out there, I'm expecting this
to be about the Cyber Cab. Joeet Meyer
said, "Cyber Cabs also continue testing
on the track with recent views showing
the Cyber Cabs with the Cyber Cab logos
are being driven fully autonomously."
And some more evidence from Adon Guardo.
He caught the cyber cab at the test
track in Giga Austin with no steering
wheel and the safety monitor on the
passenger side. There's also a rumor out
there that I believe originated from
Kobe Pierce. He said, "I have a very
reputable source saying mid to late July
for Cyber Cab launch in Houston." He
also said a service expansion area in
Houston is expected soon. The sources
did not give a time frame, but they did
mention two distinct areas. One area
could include NRG Stadium and George
Bush Intercontinental Airport. But
importantly, they did not specify if the
airport will be a location they can
operate at or if it'll just be in the
geoence. And he said based on these
reports, I do think the service area
will be roughly 50% larger than Whimo's
current service area and look like this
image. So yes, very speculative at this
point, but given the comment from Lars,
I think we should be expecting something
pretty exciting. But arguably most
importantly, he said it would likely be
right before the earnings call, which is
set to be held July 22nd. Many of you
will remember a video right before
Tesla's Q1 earnings when they decided to
launch seemingly quickly in Dallas and
Houston with one vehicle at the time. I
said if Tesla doesn't end up scaling to
5, 10, 15, 20 vehicles over the next few
weeks, that announcement was likely done
to have some momentum in a positive
talking point for the Q1 earnings. And
of course, in the slide deck, Tesla
called that out very clearly. We
launched unsupervised rides in both
Dallas and Houston in April. But as we
now know, since that time, the service
in those two cities has been very
limited, sometimes not available at all.
So, we have to remember even if we do
get a nice announcement about a big
service area expansion in Houston, will
that be paired with a significant
increase in the fleet size in Houston?
Or if it's something like CyberCap being
deployed in Austin, will it be one
vehicle or 10? I just think based on
what we've seen to date, when the Cyber
Cab is deployed, it will be at a number
under 10 for at least a week, if not a
few weeks. So, it will be an awesome
milestone when it happens. But I think
we still have some time before we see
any type of scale. Then in Phoenix,
where frankly I thought Tesla would have
launched their robo taxi service by now,
David Moss did share a video showing a
material number of cyber cabs in the
staging lot in Phoenix. Along with many
Model Y's that do have the camera
cleaning housings. However, over the
weekend, something big changed. As we
can now see, these Cyber Cabs do not
have the Cyber Cab decal on the side of
the car or on the trunk. And you'll see
why that's important shortly. But back
in Austin, Tesla does now have 84
vehicles officially registered for the
robo taxi service. As you can see on my
robo taxi dashboard, Tesla added another
15 vehicles on June 27th, and that was
Saturday. But unfortunately, tomorrow,
Tuesday, the last day of June, is the
last day of the first half of the year.
Meaning if Tesla doesn't launch in
Phoenix, Miami, Orlando, Tampa, and Las
Vegas tomorrow, well then they will have
missed the deadline they put in the
shareholder deck. Now, in fairness to
Tesla, I do think it's important to
point out Tesla had the first half of
2026 in the Q4 slide deck, which was
uploaded toward the end of January this
year. But then in the Q1 slide deck,
which was uploaded in April of this
year, Tesla changed those dates to
preparations underway for those five new
cities. So, it's been a while, but just
a reminder that downshift from Tesla
should have been a sign that Tesla was
not going to hit the first half of this
year for those five new cities. And as
I've said, to me, it seems pretty clear
during that time when these timelines
changed. Tesla saw something that it
really liked with internal testing of
V15 and at that point just decided to
slow things down until that model was
ready for a public release. But despite
that, the Cyber Cab stockpiling
continues as SE Robinson told us there
were 78 Cyber Cabs in Houston this over
the weekend. But once again, you will
see these Cybercs do not have the Cyber
Cab decal. And this image was shared on
Reddit over the weekend of the lot in
Dallas with dozens and dozens of cyber
cabs. Once again, none with the cyber
cab decals. And from this view, one with
a Starlink terminal. There was a
somewhat alarming string of facts in
Delete Me's most recent privacy report.
Apparently, folks are already getting
unwanted deliveries at home addresses.
Photos of their home are being sent in
emails, and texts from strangers are now
referencing personal details they've
never shared. And this is part of why
I'm so adamant about recommending Delete
Me, the sponsor of this video. So, not
to be an alarmist, I just want everybody
to be aware of what's happening. And so,
data privacy is no longer just about
scams. It can now be about physical
safety, too. And sadly, this is
happening right now to regular people.
And it usually starts the same way.
Somebody Googles you, they land on a
people search site, and within a few
seconds, they have your home address,
phone number, relatives, age, even your
past addresses. It's just reality. If
you don't do anything about this, the
barrier is just that, 10 seconds in a
Google search. And I've worked with
Delete Me Now for years. I know they
take this seriously. It's all they do.
And they'll remove your personal
information from over 750 people search
sites every quarter automatically. And
remember, these sites often link your
family's profiles together. But the good
news is Delete Me can be extended to
cover your spouse, parents, and kids at
a discount. I just got my 16th report.
Last quarter alone. Delete Me reviewed
over 1,800 listings on my behalf, found
my information on six different people
search sites and submitted removals to
all of them. Across the work they've
done, they've saved me about 160 hours
that I would have had to spend fighting
these sites myself. And for me, the
peace of mind alone is worth it. So, if
you'd like to support Electrified and
protect the people you love, head to
joindeleteme.com/electrified
to get 20% off using my code electrified
linked below or by using the QR code on
the screen. And the reason I keep
bringing up those decals is in the first
responder guide, we learned cyber cabs
in service with robo taxi have the cyber
cab word mark on the sides and trunk lid
of the vehicle. And the documentation
said the cyber cab is not typically
equipped with a steering wheel or
acceleration in brake pedals. Which is
why I said this typically is continuing
to give Farzod life. But unfortunately
for Farszod later in the document it
says to facilitate testing and
validation of safety systems. A number
of cyber cabs are equipped with hardware
for manual operations like a steering
wheel and pedals for acceleration and
braking. And they called out for these
test vehicles, it is a steer bywire
steering wheel, but there will still be
questions about if those vehicles will
be converted for deployment because in
the test vehicles, the front airbag for
the driver side is moved inside the
steering wheel. So if that's taken out,
that airbag would need to be replaced
like the regular production variant. And
there is additional low voltage cabling
to support the steering wheel and the
airbag and additional support structures
for the steering column. But regardless,
the word from Bradford at Rebellionaire
is that they saw Tesla remove these test
vehicle additions to convert them to the
production version out in the field. I
did read through the documents. Just a
few other things of note. You can speak
directly through the two-way speakers on
the B-pillars of the Cyber Cab. And
here's the photo where it says the
driver side exterior microphone. The
passenger side microphone is similarly
situated. Also interesting was the
charging. Of course, they list the
charge port in the rear driver's side as
we've known, but there is nothing in
here about wireless charging. And to be
clear, there was nothing about receivers
or coils or any underbody hardware to
enable wireless charging on these
vehicles. So, keep that in mind as that
might be a great question for the Q2
call. Tesla did say months ago they had
wireless charging well over 90%
efficiency, but so far no sign of it
anywhere for the Cyber Cab. Back to the
guide, the Cyber Cab is designed to
disengage autonomous movement and park
when a seat belt becomes unbuckled if
there's a passenger and or if a cabin
door opens and remains open. The Cyber
Cab is not equipped with a prop rod for
the hood. You'll see in the production
version without the wheel, there are 10
airbags, five on either side. There are
stored gas inflators that are outlined
in red in this image, which are located
near the roof and toward the front of
the vehicle. And there's an additional
pressurized air canister located between
the rear wheels. Just know the gas
inflators are for the airbags. And the
air canister and those pressurized hoses
throughout the vehicle are likely for
the camera cleaning system. The CyberCap
has an active hood pedestrian protection
system that can detect an impact with
the pedestrian while the vehicle is
moving between about 15 and 32 mph. When
triggered, pyrochnic actuators raise the
rear portion of the hood to increase the
space between the hood and the
components beneath it. The button to
open the cyber cab doors is right below
the B-pillar cameras, and Tesla did
decide to put the window switches right
underneath the touchcreen. In some
earlier prototypes, they had those
buttons down on the seat by the cup
holders. And I have to say, one of the
things I'm most interested to see is the
crash test data because the Cyber Cab is
such a small vehicle, it's just hard not
to think about if in the unfortunate
event of an accident, how will it hold
up? And of course, I'm incredibly
confident in Tesla's safety engineering
team. And in this document, they told us
the A and B pillars and door rings of
the Cyber Cab are made of ultra high
strength reinforced steel. The overhead
rail is constructed of high strength
steel. All other vehicle structures and
body components are made up of various
strengths of steel or aluminum. The
exterior panels are plastic with some
areas reinforced with glass fiber. It
said the windshield on the cyber cab is
made of laminated safety glass. The
windows on the side are made of tempered
safety glass and then the B-pillar
applique is plastic and does not provide
access to the cabin. And a lot of these
diagrams in the document like for the
high voltage components really showed
off the beauty of the simplicity of the
design of this vehicle. And yes, the
cyber cab is officially a 400vt high
voltage battery. And important to note,
the high voltage battery enclosure is
the floor of the cabin. There is no
floor pan between the cabin and the high
voltage battery enclosure. The enclosure
just has a thin layer of high strength
steel. So, no, we don't get 800 volts
for the high voltage on the Cyber Cab,
but we do get the new and upgraded 48V
low voltage system. Basically, the
wiring and efficiency gains you could
get with 800 volts are not really worth
it on such a small lightweight vehicle
like the Cyber Cab. And Tesla told us in
the past the Model 3 and Y the high
volume producers will remain on 400
volts which means that mature and cost
effective supply chain is already in
place. 800VT components cost more but
it's worth it on a vehicle like the
Cybert truck just not the Cyber Cab. The
Cyber Cab will not be nearly as reliant
on fast charging as the Cyber Truck
because these Cyber Cabs will be
charging at depots and in time Tesla can
produce and deploy as many Cyber Cabs as
it wants while the others can take their
time to charge which should be better
for battery longevity and things of that
nature. And years ago, Elon and Drew
Baglo said that 800vt architecture would
have basically no benefit for small
vehicles like the Cyber Cab. But rather
than focusing on that, I think the great
news is that it will be on the 48vt low
voltage architecture, which will unlock
all of those same Etherloop gains that
we've talked about when it comes to the
Cyber Truck. Back to the guide, they
said the Cyber Cab is equipped with
infrared webbing on the seat belts for
visibility of passengers at night or in
the dark. They said the motor in the
Cyber Cab can generate power when the
wheels spin. So, always transport,
meaning if you tow the Cyber Cab with
all four tires off the ground. Ensure
that the tires are unable to spin at any
time during transport. And the tow strap
is located behind the front license
plate. As you would expect, the wheel
covers do pop right off if you need to
access the lug nuts or the tire valve.
And Tesla did say it can remotely
establish a temporary geoence that
blocks off robo taxi service within
1,000 ft of the location for
approximately 1 hour unless the duration
is specified by the requester. And they
said the cyber cab is designed to
respond to clearly visible hand signals
from first responders and can follow
pathways designated by cones. And over
the weekend, DJ shared this very
impressive video of FSD doing exactly
that. Here the police officer was in the
middle of the intersection. The light
turned green, but the Tesla stayed still
until the police officer waved the Tesla
on and then it proceeded through the
intersection. And if you look closely,
the vehicle actually started moving
slightly before the police officer waved
the car on. Almost like the car knew the
officer was about to be out of the way.
And Tesla said, "The Cyber Cab OD
includes all public roadways, including
the freeways, highways, city streets,
and rural roads, as well as private
roadways and service stations like
parking lots, charging stations, car
washes, and parking garages. The Cyber
Cab can operate autonomously at all
times of day and night, and under light
and moderate precipitation like rain,
fog, and snow. And one more for Farza.
It said, "A cyberc cab equipped with a
steering wheel, brake pedal, and
acceleration pedal is typically an
engineering or test vehicle and operates
at SAE level two autonomy." But again,
breathing life is that word typically.
And with Tesla stock up over 8% today,
we have to change the lights to green.
And the NASDAQ was only up 2%. So this
was a meaningful outperformance by Tesla
stock. And sure, maybe the market's
pricing in a Q2 delivery beat. Maybe the
market's getting excited about the
announcement from Lars, or the last
major hurdle, at least for Austin, for
cyberc deployment being crossed off,
that being the first responder guide. Or
it could just be derivatives and
algorithmic trading. Or it could be the
fact that a show confirmed FSD V14 light
is now rolling out to AI3 early access
customers. Based on the feedback, it'll
roll out to more customers over the next
few weeks. The build distills the
driving behavior from AI4's V14 series
into both the camera and compute
configuration of AI3. It includes
destination options and speed profiles
on city roads, but more importantly,
significantly improved safety. So, yes,
a Shoken team beat the buzzer on the end
of June deadline for this one. Elon
congratulated the AI team and said the
AI3 computer only has around 15% of the
effective memory bandwidth of AI4. So,
this was a tough challenge. And why
might this news have an impact on Tesla
stock? Well, this is something that Wall
Street can model. We've been talking for
years about how FSD subscription
adoption will be a needle mover because
it's very margin accreative, and there's
likely somewhere in the neighborhood of
between 3 and 4 million vehicles
equipped with hardware 3. Now, as of
recording, there's likely less than 1%
of these vehicles that have V14 Lite,
but hopefully over the next few weeks,
that number grows quickly. And there are
some very early reviews out there. But
if I'm being honest, this early group is
not overly critical of the software. So,
we know that most of the time it's going
to be great and should be a significant
upgrade over version 12 because yes,
Hardware 3 vehicles never got version
13. And right now it looks like V14 Lite
will not be getting the MadMax speed
profile, the FSD stats app in the car
UI, the FSD streak counters or
celebrations, nor will it have that
unified actually smart summon model. And
its TBD on things like automatically
pulling over for emergency vehicles. But
overall, the early reviews are very
positive. will continue to watch over
the next week and find the shortcomings.
But this should be a huge upgrade for a
massive portion of the Tesla fleet. And
hopefully once this rolls wide, Tesla
will run another free 30 days to let
these people try the new model with the
hope that subscriptions would jump
meaningfully. And lastly, I would say do
not sleep on what this means for AI4.
The fact that Tesla can distill so much
into hardware 3 given all of those
limitations should be a reminder that
Tesla's quantization team taking these
big models and making them run well but
much smaller is definitely top tier
because hardware 3 had other
limitations. It was not just a memory
problem. The chip was slower. The
cameras were not as quality. And don't
forget hardware 3 is 7 years old.
meaning a Tesla from the 201s will very
shortly here be able to run a very close
to Frontier model from Tesla and
hopefully at least for a time that will
quiet some of the Jerryrigg everythings
of the world. And I'm not going to read
through all of the release notes because
we've been talking about and covering
version 14. So many of them are just
playing off of that and in my opinion
nothing that needs broken down. But go
ahead and pause or take a screenshot if
you'd like to read through them. On X,
Tesla said it will be arriving in
Uruguay. Light vehicle sales in Uruguay
are somewhere around 6,000 units per
month. So, we'll call it around 75,000
per year. But the good news is for 2025,
the full BEV market share ended the year
at about 20%, meaning roughly 13,500
BEVs. The national policies and
incentives are very favorable toward
EVs. But a challenge for Tesla, there
are already some lowerpriced Chinese EVs
in the market. Over the weekend, Nitsa
announced it closed its probe into Tesla
vehicles over the power steering loss.
This investigation that started in 2023
was upgraded to an engineering analysis,
but early last year, Tesla did a air
quotes recall via an OTAA update to fix
the problem. And Tesla said the recall
was not in response to Nitsa's
investigation. But Nitsa said in view of
Tesla's recall, they're closing its
engineering analysis. Just days after VW
said it might lay off 100,000 employees
and close four plants, it's now saying
it plans to end its automated driving
tie-up with auto supplier Bosch. This as
part of a wider push to cut costs and
boost competitiveness. The Bosch
partnership was launched in 2022 with
VW's software unit Kriad. And we have
Bosch and Kriad now issuing a statement
saying they do not comment on market
rumors. But German reporting citing
internal sources said this project had
not met expectations after investing
about $1.7 billion and internal
assessments found the technology was not
yet competitive. VW plans to source
hardware and software for such systems
from a new partner. I won't be surprised
if that's Nvidia, but the right answer
would be from Tesla. Some of you know
I'm rooting for Slate Auto more and more
by the day. I just wanted to highlight
Monroe Live was seemingly very involved
with the development of this vehicle and
the platform. Monroe Live dropped a
video with Slate over the weekend. That
was by far the main takeaway. There are
certainly no guarantees, but given that
Monroe was involved, that does give me
more confidence in Slate's ability to
keep costs low and to make more good
decisions than bad out of the gate.
Today, we learned that Whimo robo taxis
are no longer available on Uber's ride
hail app in Phoenix. This ending a
three-year partnership. But get this,
Uber said it's readying the launch of a
separate autonomous vehicle partnership
in the city, but did not name the
partner. And Whimo said the vehicles
Uber used for this pilot program have
already been integrated into its own
Phoenix fleet available through the
Whimo app. For now, Whimo's vehicles are
still available on the Uber network in
Austin and Atlanta. We know Uber and
Whimo are set to compete against each
other in London later this year. And
just know Phoenix was the only city
where Whimo both operated as a
standalone service and on the Uber
network in the same city. So, I think
that setup was most likely going to be
nothing more than a pilot all along. But
naturally, given that Uber is announcing
a new autonomous partner and the Tesla
stock move today, there are people out
there speculating that Tesla is going to
be the announcement. And look, I could
sit here for 5 or 10 minutes and point
two reasons for why it would make sense,
but I could also do the same thing for
why it doesn't make sense, and I have in
the past. If I had to guess, I would say
the most likely partner is Lucid and
Nurero. Lucid builds its vehicles out in
Arizona. Lucid has been saying that
production of its robo taxi is going to
start operations later this year, and
Uber has already committed to adding
around 20,000 of these vehicles to its
fleet over the next few years. And just
this month, those three companies
announced they'll be bringing the robo
taxi service to Houston. Now, yes, I
have my doubts that the Lucid and Nurero
partnership is going to be ready anytime
this year for any meaningful robo taxi
operation, but I do think that's Uber's
next partner in Phoenix. And I've
already said it dozens of times, but
I'll say it again. Tesla does not need
Uber. Uber needs Tesla. Aaron Bernett
said, "Our estimates for Starlink
capacity and revenue are among the most
bullish in the industry. The more I dive
into the AI compute side, the more I'm
realizing we likely underestimated
Cursor and Grock. That quoting a post
from Shea Balore saying, SpaceX is
expected to approach hundred billion of
revenue by 2028, which would make SpaceX
one of the fastest scaling businesses in
the world at this size. And remember, in
2025, SpaceX did just over $18.6 billion
in revenue. But I'm sharing because Elon
chimed in saying, "I would be
disappointed if SpaceX did not
significantly exceed these milestones,
which would be just under 37 billion in
revenue this year, just over 68 billion
for next year, and then right around 97
billion by 2028. And yes, Starlink will
continue to grow. Maybe Starlink Mobile
does launch. But everybody I talked to
in real life seems to be completely
overlooking these compute leasing
deals." Now, we don't know how much
capacity SpaceX has left to rent out
right now, as Colossus 1 and a
meaningful part of Colossus 2 are
already taken, but we know they're not
sitting still, and those type of deals
can add dozens of billions of dollars to
the annual revenue line with the stroke
of a pen. Tesla stock closed the day at
$411.84,
up 8.46%.
And SpaceX had a great day, closing at
$164.19,
up 7.15%.
This while the NDX was up 2.25%.
Don't forget, check out Delete Me linked
below for anybody interested in
protecting your families both digitally
and physically. Hope you all have a
wonderful day and a huge thank you to
all of my Patreon supporters.