Channel:     cernbasher
Title:       Elon Called Out The Real Robotaxi Bottleneck
URL:         https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nNZK8He6L90
Published:   2026-05-16 12:27 UTC
Fetched:     2026-05-16 13:00 UTC

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Speaking of robot taxi, so let's talk
about that. So, Elon says we've expanded
robot taxi to Dallas and Houston
uh using the same software source as in
the Bay Area. And the limiting factor
for expansion is really rigorous
validation, making sure things are
completely safe. And we've seen now over
the last few weeks a lot of cybercab
engineering prototype vehicles that I
think they're using probably for
validation in all kinds of cities all
over the United States. We've seen them
reports of them in many, many places.
And he's just saying, "We don't want to
have a single accidental injury with the
expansion of robot taxi, and we have to
the credit of the team not had a single
one to date." So,
they are being extremely, extremely
cautious here.
Uh to me, more cautious than Waymo has
been.
Waymo seems to be had been at least
historically willing to take more risks.
And Elon is just saying, I guess, that
it's just not worth the risk. Let Let's
make sure that we're putting the safest
vehicle we can out there. And if it
means, you know, delaying things
further, so be it.
We don't want to cause any problems if
we know that we can avoid them. I I was
just going to say, Herbert, I think
because they have visibility into FSD
development and what's coming down the
pipe, I think they
I think they constantly say, "Well,
let's just Let's just go slow and put
this new version in."
You go ahead, you wanted to make a
comment about Well, yeah.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, so expand limiting the factor is
extreme is really rigorous rigorous
validation. And then down here, Ashok
says that we are increasing the amount
of our QA fleet, but we also want to
increase the customer fleet to give us
the useful metrics back so that we can
scale it safely. We're absolutely
focused on safety. So, they have flooded
the market as many QA fleets and these
rigorous validation
to really be sure before they roll it
out. But then later they say that safety
is is the issue. They've had zero
incidents, and they're not concerned
about safety. They're They're They're
trying to work out these final steps,
right? You'll You'll talk about that.
But, safety is when when he talked about
that we want another version of the
software to to have even better safety.
It's he said degrees of safety, right?
Magnitudes of safety.
But, I think he was referring to there
global
like like millions of cars cuz
honestly the 14.3 today could
theoretically be rolled out to every
single person all around the world right
now.
&gt;&gt; Mhm. Because it works. But, now you're
not going to do that because you don't
want even one accident. And so, you want
to wait till the next version because
you know that there's going to be a
magnitude change in safety then, and
let's do that one to go global like
millions. But, does that mean that we're
no longer going to roll out robotaxi
beyond, you know, 500 cars, 1,000 cars?
And I'm saying maybe,
you know, 10,000 robotaxis by the end of
this year. Yeah, a good good question. I
don't think we know. And I think
whatever expectation you you have or
anybody else has, we run the risk of
being disappointed because that
expectation
may not be the one that we should have.
The problem is we don't know what the
expectation should be because the
company isn't telling us.
They're using words that we can't we
can't quantify.
And look at the the last couple sentence
there of that second paragraph for Elon.
He says, "I think probably unsupervised
FSD or robotaxi revenue would not be
super material this year." Well, what
does super material mean? Now, material
has a meaning in accounting speak,
but I don't know that Elon's aware of
that or using that. He's He's just
saying it's not super material, what
whatever that means.
Is super material a billion dollars? Is
it five billion? Is it 10 billion? We
don't know. But, then he says, "I do
think it'll be material. It'll be
material probably in a significant way
next year." Again,
there's no quantification of numbers
there. So, it leaves it up to the rest
of us sort of develop our own
expectations,
which again are going to be wrong. Now,
Vibob does say there in the top
paragraph, he says, "We grew the
robotaxi fleet quarter over quarter and
we expect to keep on ramping the fleet
as we accelerate Yeah. and get into
other geographies."
Keep on ramping the fleet.
&gt;&gt; mean?
Is it like we have two cars, now we're
going to ramp it up to three? Yeah.
Or is it 10, 20, 50? And and I think
this is where people took the comments
that they said and then they said, "Oh,
everything's delayed."
Well, wait. What is that what they said?
So, Conon Elangan asked a question. He
says, "You removed the safety driver in
Austin and now you're expanding in
Dallas and Houston. You know, what are
the key safety metrics you're tracking
and and so on? What gives you confidence
that robotaxi is safe enough to expand?"
And so on. He's looking for some
metrics.
And Ashok says, uh, "We track basically
all the metrics you mentioned." Doesn't
share any with us.
Um, we have a pretty large QA fleet
spread across all of the United States
and we've seen evidence of that.
Then we look at any intervention that
could happen and then, s- uh, sort of
simulate both in practice and also in
our simulators that are very, very good
nowadays using neural networks as to
what would have happened. And then based
on all these analysis, we make the call
to expand.
And so, my guess is because they haven't
expanded a whole lot that they're still
working through lots of issues.
But the And then Elon came in and said,
"Here's what the issues though are.
They're not safety issues."
Yeah. And I think this is important. I
highlighted this here. He says, "A lot
of what limits wider deployment of
robotaxi are actually not safety issues,
but convenience issues where the car
basically gets paranoid and gets stuck."
Like sometimes and he talks about it's
programmed for maximum safety. Um, and I
experienced this recently as well. Some
some road construction, a a road was
closed and so the car routed around.
It found itself back in the same place
again and continue to make the same
mistake. Is it an infinite loop?
Yeah. So, those kinds of things need to
be ironed out. It's not a safety issue.
&gt;&gt; [clears throat]
&gt;&gt; It's just that I don't want to spend,
you know, 6 hours in the car when it
could take me 30 minutes for the
destination.
Well, can you answer the question then
that people are asking, which is
Okay, so if this is the issue, infinite
loop and all these kind of these three
things he just said here, right? These
three concerns, is that something that
you have to wait for version 15 theme
for or is it a version 14.3?
My answer 14.3, yeah. Yes. Because okay,
a couple things. Unless I'm really wrong
on this, but if I just take it forward,
remember when they launched 14.3.1, they
said that reasoning is available now,
but it's only applied to the end
destination, parking, which means
implies that they're going to
add reasoning to more things as you move
forward. This is the kind of stuff,
let's say railroads, reasoning when it
gets scared to cross a railroad, they
should add reasoning to that to figure
out what to do there. Or reasoning when
it's stuck for so long, like a red
light. Do I stay here or I don't stay
here? Those kind of things is reasoning
and I think those are point releases to
the 14.3.1 series, not something you
have to wait for 14 for 15. And That
would be my understanding. Obviously,
15's going to make everything better at
some point, but but yes, you the 14.3
uh series
And Elon goes on. I mean, he takes quite
a bit of time actually here to talk
about that. Um he says the single
biggest thing is the car is being scared
to move or just getting kind of stuck in
situations like that. We've also had
literal infinite loops, right? And I've
experienced this personally.
Um not in the robotaxi, but my own my
own Cybertruck. You know, and then he
says, uh those actually, the very last
sentence, those actually those are by
far the issues that we have had to
resolve as opposed to direct safety
issues.
So, this is a good spot to be in, I
think, for Tesla.
And the question is how quickly can they
resolve these issues?
So if if you think interpreting these
exact statements that they said that it
is about 14.3 can resolve some of these
operational issues, not safety issues,
then why aren't they going wide?
Again, depends on your definition of
scale. Like when he says wider
deployment, this is why we haven't done
wider deployment. Well, what is wider
deployment? I think I think he's This is
his answer to why Why did you only
launch in Houston and and
Dallas with one car each? Why haven't
you launched in half in seven cities
already? Why haven't you done 100 cars
in each city? Mhm. This is why.
I think so. I I think it's also
encouraging by the fact that the cars in
Dallas and Houston
are unsupervised.
Because it's not safety.
Yeah. Not safety, right? But
unsupervised, that's great. And then I
think I'm further encouraged by the fact
that Cybercab production has started. It
does not make any sense to start
production if you're not going to put
those cars in the robotaxi fleet.
Mhm. May Maybe [clears throat] you wait
a week or so or whatever time period
Yeah, you can have a few build up, but
it doesn't make sense to fill up every
parking spot at Giga Texas.
So far all those Cybercabs that have
been produced, they're they've been
moved off. They were engineering
prototype vehicles. They're They're now
in the Q fleet in cities all around the
country.
Uh including a lot of rural areas
they're being spotted.
Um that's a good sign, but now we've got
started production of these new shiny
golden Cybercabs.
And I'm pretty sure that Joe Techmeyer's
drone videos, as he does them, will show
that those vehicles are being moved off
the lot as well.
And they should start showing up
fairly soon, I think. At least this is
my expectation. Could be wrong.
Will start showing up
in these in these cities, whether it's
San Francisco, whether it's Dallas,
Houston. Well, I guess it can't be San
Francisco yet, but it would be in
Austin, Dallas, and Houston for now.
Yeah, if if they had steering wheels,
those could be the QA fleet, but if they
don't have steering wheels and there was
like 14 of them that was seen recently,
I don't know, maybe they're more likely
to go right into an expansion.
They have to. There's no other place for
them.
Yeah. Okay, we'll see what happened to
those 14. Yeah, I think we'll learn here
in the next week or so.
Okay, so on FSD itself,
um Elon says for full self-driving and
Robotaxi, version 14.3 was a major
architectural update.
We have had a whole pipeline of major
improvements to full self-driving that
we believe will lead to unsupervised
full self-driving being available
anywhere in the world that it is legal
to do so. Okay? So, that was all about
14.3, okay? That was
&gt;&gt; And then later he says somewhere that
the
unsupervised full self-driving should
come by the end of this year as well in
certain
&gt;&gt; [clears throat]
&gt;&gt; regions. Yeah, I think we'll get there
in a second. Okay, so now he's shifting
though to version 15. He says, "Then
there's a version 15,
hopefully later this year."
Okay, he's hedging a bit.
"Hopefully by the end of this year," he
says, "but certainly by early next
year."
That'll be a complete overhaul of the
software architecture
and it'll run on AI 4. Okay? So, it'll
run on AI 4. A lot of people have said,
"Well, version 15, we have to wait now
for AI 5?" No, he's saying it's going to
run on AI 4. Now, of course, things can
change, Mhm. but [clears throat] right
now this is what he's saying at this
point in time. Um and he says, "At that
point, we're really just increasing the
safety level of FSD above human safety
level." I think it's already there, but
he's
he seems to make this statement that
they don't quantify that it's twice as
safe as a human or something. It's just
always above human level.
Um
and then he says, "Meaning I think even
with version 14
we are significantly safer than human."
But with the it says V13, I think it's
meant to be V15. V15 will take that to
another level. Mhm. What's your
interpretation of all that, Herbert?
First of all, this is the part that I
really liked. I absolutely love this
part. Version 14.3 series is enough to
take us to unsupervised.
We don't have to wait for 15. Yeah.
And and then number and and 15 can take
can run an AI 4. So, those were the two
big like
That's like pretty good news, okay? That
the 14.3 series can take us there. And
then of course, combine that with it's
not the safety issue, it's these
operational issues, which may leads me
to believe that by the end of this year,
you could have a rollout of robotaxi.