Channel:     jobhakdi
Title:       Pioneer Academy LIVE #4
URL:         https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=abjjHoQhreA
Published:   2026-04-02 17:35 UTC
Fetched:     2026-04-05 20:54 UTC

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

And we are live. Welcome everyone to
Pioneer Academy on Easter Sunday. First
of all, can you all hear me?
A sound check and make sure everyone
can actually hear me.
Hello from SF. Yes, very good. San
Francisco,
that is uh what is the time over there?
Probably a little earlier than here. I'm
in central Europe.
CCT,
all is good. Droid is back.
Happy Easter everyone. I just posted
something on X wishing everyone happy
Easter and also reminding everyone this
is about
the victory of life over death for the
Christian tradition and for the Germanic
tradition. Don't forget Easter is
actually from Aostra, the goddess,
the ancient Germanic goddess of Aostra.
And they merge these things. You know,
Christmas and Easter are these merged
things where you take all the Germanic
pagan traditions that make it actually
sexy. And then everyone wants to buy
stuff because it's so cute. And then you
merge the Christian stuff in there and
then you have a beautiful thing. And
that is what they did with Easter too.
Eostra, the Germanic goddess of
fertility, light and the victory of
light over darkness. So the Christian
perspective of Easter is life over
death. The Germanic perspective, light
over darkness, not that far off. So very
good. We have Canada there. We have the
pioneers. We have Switzerland. We have
Georgia.
We have Ohio. We have Seattle.
We have the whole world. Well, it's not
the whole world, but the most important
parts.
Great to have you here. We have
interesting stuff going on today.
France. Wow. France is more rare. Great
to have France on board. And London,
Albuquerque,
New Mexico, where Microsoft was not
founded, but they struck their first
important deal in Albuquerque.
Um,
today we have some very interesting
things going on because we are revamping
Pioneer Lands. Well, we have revamped
well in the middle of it and I think
it's a very important update that will
help us get a lot of stuff done. Um,
Chica Holland. What is Chica Holland?
Temperary Zona Pool Shirt Mike. I
remember Mike soon will have a robo taxi
job and is our man the boots on the
ground in Arizona and we have Germany
Germany
interesting news from Germany you can't
get out anymore for more than three
months you have to report to the
Bundesphere because they don't they want
to don't want to let you out anymore
um okay so what we have going on let me
introduce to you the new um the new
structure of pioneer lands because I
made some changes after discussing it
with the team
that I think will be very very important
and we are in the middle of it but let's
see I will explain it to you now
here is
the new overview what is this homepage
so what we are doing here this is the
pioneer academy and what we are doing
here very importantly is structured it
into 10 central themes. Okay, the 10
central themes are the six pioneer alpha
themes that you're all familiar with.
AGI predict the path to artificial
general intelligence. Nvidia, AMD,
Anthropic, OpenAI, of course, Grock and
Tesla as far as chips are concerned.
Then we have robots.
We have humanoid robots. We have Tesla
Optimus, but all the other robots too.
These are macro themes or bigger themes.
It's not just about Tesla. Of course,
Tesla plays a central role, but here we
want to do research on the actual robot
trajectory and how the humanoids are
going to come to be and taking over
different parts of the economy. We have
autonomy, autonomous transports. Of
course, we have space with a focus on
AI. the path to the Dyson sphere right
to orbital AI data centers SpaceX,
Tesla, Nvidia, maybe Amazon and Blue
Origin, who knows? So, what is the space
race going to look like? We have AI
blockchain. I know we are not talking
about this enough but I'm actually
heavily invested also in outside the
Pioneer Alpha portfolio for historic
reasons
Bitcoin Ethereum
Solana and the buildout of the AI
blockchain which is very important
because it unlocks hyperrowth it doesn't
drive hyperrowth like Tesla for example
but it unlocks an automated financial
system uh the tokenization of all
financial assets on Ethereum mostly is
very important to observe and Bitcoin is
of course a reserve currency. Then we
have macro. Right now we talk about Iran
all day long but this will be over soon
one way or the other. Macro is more
about the bigger themes
like inflation like unemployment very
tied into AGI and so on and so forth.
And then we have maybe the most
important thing AI income. This is about
Pioneer Alpha. It's about the Pioneer
bonds. It's also about your portfolios
and AI stocks, how we manage them in
portfolios and how we actually prepare
ourselves as individuals,
as families, but also as countries for
that future that is imminent now that
everyone loses their job. Of course, we
can be entrepreneurs or pioneers, but
the main income source will become
capital and return on capital and that
will impact us. It's very important that
we on top of it. That's why we all here,
right? We want to understand how we
trade and build portfolios, how new
systems like the pioneer bonds can help,
if you want to, they help me. and how we
can smoothen out the volatility,
actually generate income systematically,
but also capture the upside of these
amazing stocks from Nvidia to Tesla to
maybe Micro Strategy, more
controversial, but the other Mac 7 and
so on and so forth.
The difference is Pioneer Alpha by the
way these are our predictive research
areas where we say how do we understand
the most important themes AGI trajectory
robots autonomous transport and robot
trucking by the way space buildout the
most important of all AI blockchain the
underlying systems of capital allocation
and of course macro all the stuff on
macro this helps us predict the future
make us better investors
this year then condenses it into the
central problem. How do we generate
maximum income for us? And how do we
actually help our countries to prepare
our economies? So everyone maximize the
AI income. So everyone is prepared
ideally.
And here we can also analyze countries.
How well are different countries
prepared for this.
And then pioneer lands will all this
will be about analyzing the future and
understanding it. Pioneer alpha. Pioneer
lands is about how do we build and
rebuild high civilization. pioneer
lands. How do we create an income system
for everyone so we have an economy in
the age of AGI but then we continue how
do we build new education systems
pioneer academy how do we make sure
people actually learn the right stuff
which they don't right now family you
know that we all dying out not perfect
will lead to a complete implosion and
the end of civilization so this needs to
be fixed and society don't get me
started this is about governance
politics culture media
so These are complicated themes. For
now, we will not focus on them over the
next week or weeks. We focus on getting
Pioneer Alpha off the ground and AI
income. This will be the spicy dicey
stuff and more complex, but it actually
is related to the stuff on the left.
So, that is the quick overview here. Um,
let me just check comments.
Okay, let's see. Um,
done waiting 42 hours.
Oh, wow. You waited 42 hours from SA. We
have even SA on board. Pioneer Lands,
greeting from Santa Fe, New Mexico.
You're missing genomics. Well, I think
genomics, you know, my background is in
genomics, so I take it seriously. But I
don't think genomics is a centerpiece of
the whole thing. It could be added here
maybe. But I'm also extremely unexcited
about genomics as an investment theme
because you see it with Arc Invest. They
holy failed on genomics. The problem
with genomics is even though the
technology is exciting, it's not
comparable to AGI or robots and so on
and so forth. When it comes to life
extension and uh immortality and these
things, genomics is just a tiny little
piece of the equation. You need
proteomics, you need all kinds of other
stuff.
And the problem is that it's not really
an investable business, right? Believe
me, I have been there. I know everything
about this stuff. It's a horrible
business. It's completely corrupted.
Nothing works over there. On the
scientific side, sure it's interesting
on the technological side, but the
conversion from technology into money
into stocks is completely broken when it
comes to health, health care, anything
related because you basically have a
completely broken and corrupted system
that is designed to keep us all sick and
dying. Not dead, but dying. That's how
all the money is being made. If you
invent anything in genomics, you have to
basically prove how does it not cure
cancer and how does it keep us sick and
how does it allow the drug companies to
make more money and then they buy you
and shut it down. Not a joke. I've been
there. So, I'm not excited about
genomics as an investment theme. We
first have to fix the overarching
problem in healthcare before this
becomes even a thing. That's why ARC
lost so much money in genomics because
this is actually not connected to
technology. the whole thing. So there
was my little rant here. Not saying
genomics is not important, but you
understand we have to fix the whole
system first before this becomes a
thing.
Yeah. Regulation FDA. Uh but
we have to understand it's like the
media regulation FDA. It's not that they
are dummies and they don't know how to
fix the system. They actually actively
try to not fix it. And if you try to fix
it, you have a problem. So not good. And
FDA is just a tiny little sliver of the
problem. It's about the payers, the
insurance systems. In Europe, it's the
governments. It's the whole thing is
really, really bad. And co, don't get me
started.
So, uh, how are we going to do this? Let
me explain. I'm super excited about this
even though this is early stage here.
Can I now actually update the news?
Probably not.
We have also developed an open claw news
aggregator that is actually pretty
effective. If you click on autonomy, you
see that the news we aggregating here is
actually pretty good. Whimo hits 500k.
It it provides a summary here. You can
read the most important news and click
then on these sources
and we are constantly improving this. Uh
this just has started. So you will see
the last week's news summarized here.
That is our first technology for this
and we are determined to have the best
news flow for each of the spaces and you
guys can help of course with feedback.
Number two, we will have research that's
in the works. I hope to get this done
very soon like over the next couple of
days. We will have research missions by
tomorrow for each of the fields. You
will see very systematic research
missions. I can give you a peak behind
the scenes. What about this?
So you see what we're working on here.
This is briefed already in Lovable and
the VIP coding thing will be appearing
on the website tomorrow.
But basically
this is a big announcement by the way. I
will I'm working on
a new system for the live streams. We
will have three live streams per week
now and we will make these live streams
theme specific. Right? So, we will have
three streams, but they are broken into
30 minute sessions. So, if you're only
interested in robots, for example, you
look up robots, you just go to the to
Pioneer Lands and click on robots and
you will see here actually on robots
that's not implemented yet, but here you
will actually see the specific robot
next robot session
that will be there. I hope next week we
get this all implemented. And then you
can tune in Monday 600 p.m. C.
Uh, which is the equivalent of noon
Eastern time and 9:00 a.m. PT.
Sorry, we have to see who can tune in
when. We'll still have the Sunday
session, but for robots, that will be
the slot Monday 6 PM and it's like a
little academy and then people can join.
And what we are going to discuss there
is the news what happened in robot land
right but we will also discuss the
models the financial and quantitative
and economic models and I'm talking
Google sheets and then all of you
whoever whoever wants it can actually
copy the Google sheet and start building
your own model and submitting it. So I
know that not many people will do that
but we just want to capture the handful
of people who like building models so we
can collaboratively model them. You
submit it. You can click submit
research. You I see it. I will then
merge it and our people here will merge
it and then we'll cover it in the next
week. And over time we are going to
build an amazing robot model. Now some
of these models are already there. Of
course, autonomy is pretty much done.
The space model, we have a good version,
a beta version. So I'll share those. You
can see them as a researcher and then
you can copy it and improve it and send
it back. And we will cover this every
week to go through the models. And then
of course the questions, you know the
questions, you can post questions.
And the idea here is to make this a
little bit more
um a little bit more active academy.
Here you see the agenda. So that's my
current agenda that we will implement in
the system. And we will have these three
sessions bro 90 minutes broken down into
30 minute sessions. So, if you like
robots, you can tune in on Monday. If
you like space, you can tune in on
Wednesday. If you like AI blockchain, 60
minutes later on Wednesday, Sunday will
be general Pioneer Lands, AI income, and
AGI. And so, that's the plan.
And what I'm trying to establish here is
a cadence so we can specialize and get
really good in building these models
because I want these models because all
these models are actually flowing then
into the stocks
because in order to predict yesterday's
video if you have seen my video from
yesterday I started modeling out a
little bit the capex and AI bubble
question with a nice little model and
these model can be more improved and
will then be used to predict Are we in a
bub? Are we not in a bubble? We are
totally not in a bubble, by the way.
That's what I showed yesterday. We
actually in a tremendous ROI explosion
for the hyperscalers.
And that will help us then determine if
Nvidia's revenue keeps going up. It will
determine if the terra fab of Tesla will
be profitable out of the gate and things
like that. The macro models are very
important.
here
cities as pioneer land. They will not
allow it. Bad example of freedom and
governance for the others. I know it
would shut us down, but for now we're
not being shut down. We will survive.
And so that's basically what's going on
here. Uh here are all the detailed
models and description how they work,
but you can check them out hopefully
tomorrow
on the Pioneer Lens website. They will
be so I invite you to go to these and
check them out. Okay, another news. We
have a new app. I want to show you a new
app. You can go there right now. Some of
you already found it. And that app is
our stock target app.
So you can basically click on targets.
You it's on the left side here. Let me
expand this
targets. You click on targets on
pioneerance.org
and then you see all these different
stocks. You can also I think add more
stocks or not yet. But you can say which
ones you want. You click on this one.
Oops. You can add a ticker, right? And
then they will occur like we have Amazon
for example. Seven, eight. Oh, eight
people.
Real time counter. We want Amazon. We
want Apple, we want Google, want
Palanteer, want Microsoft. And so you
can add your ticker. Uh, and these ones
is what we have. But here's the
interesting thing.
Okay, if you go on here, you can start
entering your own targets and compare it
with analysts. So you can basically
click on Nvidia, for example.
You can click in your target, your 12
months price target.
Mine is actually high.
I don't have the model yet, but let's
say I say 290. And then it occurs here.
Boom. It appears here. And the
interesting thing is you have the
analysts here, right? You see VC area of
Bank of America says 300 CJ Muse Harlan
Su of JP Morgan Har. So we have all the
analysts with their targets. We see the
average analyst target.
We will soon have more sophisticated
analytics if you want that. You can also
knock them out and say, "I hate Bank of
America. Get rid of Ker Fitzgerald. Who
needs them?" 5% like get rid of them.
And then you see the new average of
whatever you have left here, right?
And that tells you the analysts. But
most importantly, if you go to Tesla,
you also see the community. So your vote
counts because it will be reflected in
the community average,
right? And we will have soon much more
sophisticated analytics here where we
see of course no one individual will be
named but we will see statistics like
what do people from Sweden in the
community think versus people from
Australia versus the Americans versus
your city maybe. Right? So I think this
is a fun little game that is more than a
game because we can tap into the brains
of all of you to get target estimates
and your favorite tickers can be added
here and we will you know manage this a
little bit. What happens if I click
here?
Oh 13. Why is it 13?
H
oh I can click on this and vote for it.
Why is it so many? Is it just changed in
real time? Probably.
Very interesting. So, you can basically
vote for this and then they will be
added here. We will of course constantly
improve the UI.
Do you guys see this? Yes.
North Cyprus. Wow.
Um, so that is our new stock target app.
This is really more for us in Pioneer
Lens to see who thinks what.
and get the most
accurate predictions of what is going
on.
Let's go back to the academy.
So, now it's time for some
questions.
Where are our questions?
I'm going to questions
present. Let's hope this actually works
in the new system.
We have three questions.
Stocks, AGI, they're mixed. Yes. So,
that should work. So, let's go to the
first question. Do we see this here?
Yes.
Spain.
Vamos. My Spanish is pretty bad, but uh
Quebec, we have everyone here. So the
first question from Shane eight votes is
is April an inflection point. If so, how
should we position to generate alpha
given anformational or timing edge?
Well, this is a tricky question.
We have heard you consistently discuss
generating alpha on Tesla through the
alpha churn strategy. Not just the alpha
churn strategy, there are some other
strategies too. And it's clearly been
working very well so far this way this
year. You also reference a potential
April 1,800 robot tax inflation report.
With that in mind, how should we prepare
our accounts to best align with this
timing?
Um, well, that is a very good question
because we are living in crazy times. In
case you didn't notice, we had a little
tweet today from PUS
and it's a little interesting
here. I show I in case you didn't in in
here is the tweet and I'm not kidding
you. You you think if you haven't seen
this thing you will think Joe this is
fake news it's AI. No it's not. So the
president
tweeted today
on Easter Sunday
um the following Tuesday will be power
plant day and bridge day all wrapped up
in one in Iran. There will be nothing
like it. Open the effing straight you
crazy bastards or you'll be living in
hell. Just watch. Praise be to Allah.
President Donald J. Trump. So
obviously that doesn't come down people
because it sounds like I don't know how
it sounds but that is literally what
is happening. And now we have to see
what happens on Monday. Uh, probably
nothing good. Then we have to see what
happens on Tuesday. Is this a trick and
Trump just wants to shut it all down or
is he going to actually start bombing
civilian infrastructure and everything,
Tuesday, 8:00 p.m. Eastern time.
This was this message was from today. So
this is pretty recent. Um and so
so we don't know what what's exactly
happening. It's going to be very hard
for Trump, I think, to postpone the
Trump the the deadline again. So it's
coming to some form of thing. And the
problem is that no one can tell anymore
what's happening here. And that is
dangerous for stocks including Tesla.
Now if you ask me am I bullish
on Tesla for April the answer is yes I'm
bullish for Tesla not the stock because
the stock will be at the mercy of this
whole stuff right if you have a stock
market crash if for some reason the
United States starts blowing up the
entire oil infrastructure in the Middle
East together with Iran if they start
blowing up each other oil infrastructure
and oil goes to 200 or 300 or whatever
it goes to which absolutely will and the
Houthis and Yemen start bombing
everything on the straight and shut down
the other straight to 15 to know 12 to
15% of global trade going through that
straight the Red Sea.
Uh I mean at some point the market is
just going to cave and crash. You can't
like endlessly destroy the economy. So
of course you know that I was always of
the opinion that this is all fake news
and we never get there. But I changed my
mind on this since early last week and
said no one knows this is high risk and
no one knows if Trump has a magic plan,
if this is 5D chess, if he lost his
marbles, if something is totally wrong.
No one knows anymore. It's clearly not
predictable anymore. And markets don't
like that. And the chance of this
escalating is high or is a given, right?
It's some chance.
And we should not kid ourselves. If this
escalates, there is severe damage to the
global economy. That will not be
repaired very quickly. So that's the
scary part. Obviously, a lot of
believers still say it's not going to
happen. It's not going to be bad. So
that's the problem that we have to watch
out for this. Now, independent of this,
right?
independent of this
smart AI money26. Oh boy. But is he
really serious? Like I don't know if
he's serious. Clearly no one knows but
he tweeted this. So that is the problem.
Um so we have to now
I don't know deal with it. So
what would happen if the world crashes
right? Let's let's just think in the
scenarios. We have two layers. We have
the macro layer and we have the Tesla
layer. Tesla can go down as a company on
Cyber Cap or can go up. The world can go
down or the world can go up. So you have
basically four quadrants. What happens
if peace in Iran cyber cap scales? Well,
you know what happens? We go to 600 in
no time. What happens if all hell breaks
loose in Iran and the Middle East and
Cyber Cap scales? Well, it gets a little
tricky. What if the NASDAQ crashes 10%
more, dragging down Tesla 20%, 60 bucks,
right, to 320, maybe 300, while at the
same time, cyber cap scaling starts.
Incredibly difficult to predict that.
Obviously, Tesla is going to drop much
less. Is it going to rally in the middle
of a market crash because of its own
fundamentals?
Very hard to tell. It's probably
offsetting it, right? Maybe Tesla stays
at 380 if it scales while the market
crashes.
What happens if Tesla just simply fails
to scale and the market rallies?
Hard to tell. I would say Tesla is
probably going to go up a little bit but
less than its beta, right? What happens
if Tesla fails to scale and we have a
market crash? Well, then good night.
Then we have a problem. Then we see we
are going back to 220.
So these are the scenarios and then we
have to dissect each scenario. As I
mentioned on the macro level, it's
extremely difficult to predict this at
this point. On the Tesla level,
here's my thinking.
Everything I see around cyber cap makes
me bullish. Everything.
It makes me especially bullish that most
people are not bullish because they say
we waited 10 years, 5 years for this to
happen. It never happened. So it still
will not happen. Now that is the wrong
thinking. 14.3 is out. We're still
watching what people say. But people
already say FSD is really good. I hear
this again and again from people. FSD is
basically done.
We see Cyber Cab is ready to scale,
right? The production is clearly ready.
There is no doubt in my mind that Cyber
Cap production is ready to scale. Which
makes it a little more tricky. Will it
scale? Right? If it doesn't scale, we
know it's not the production problem. We
know it's an FSD problem.
My gut feeling is we will see some major
movement or some very important initial
movement in April. Will we get to 1,800?
Probably not. Definitely not
unsupervised.
But we don't need to get to my number of
1,800 unsupervised to get much higher
share prices here. My 1,800
were the inflection point. And I said if
that happens we are off to the races. We
are going towards a thousand. That's
what I said.
Now when this will happen maybe it
happens in April unlikely at this point
in my opinion but it could definitely
happen in May. So forget the 1800 for
now. This is my forcing function. When
1800 happens and we on a track to
multiple tens of thousands I think we on
track to a thousand.
The question is what happens before? And
for me the key thing to observe on the
cyber cap situation
is that we have to look for when does
cyber cap unsupervised
actually starts to scale even if it's to
multiple dozens or something. We have to
really watch out for that. Um
let's see what we see here on X. Share
this tab instead. Do we guys see this?
No.
Let's share this cyber cap X tab and
scroll through this a little bit.
Fazad, of course, insisting on his crazy
theory.
Fazad absolutely thinks there will be a
steering wheel and everything. Uh, I
think he would be wrong about this.
Uh we see the cyber cap here being
serviced. So people observe this all
over the place.
Uh we saw this in February. So nothing
too new here.
This is probably fake news that anything
happens here. This is all fake.
Elon
chip design reviews are so fun. So we
see nothing new right now. There is
nothing of relevance to actually show.
The robo taxi tracker is also not too
exciting. We at like 550 or something.
Not bad, but not a game changer. We
exactly at 550 today by the way.
Where's the robo taxi tracker here?
Share this tab instead.
Why does it not change it?
Stop sharing. Stop sharing. H,
that's weird. You can't see
the robo taxi tracker.
But if I close this one.
H very interesting. Somehow you guys
cannot see
the robo taxi tracker that I'm sharing.
But anyway, so this is this is what's
happening. I'm trying to get you guys
the robo taxi tracker here so you can
actually see what's happening.
Uh
Maybe I have to stop sharing this and
start again.
So, the robo taxi tracker. Let's try it
this way
here. You should be able to see it. 550
robo taxis. Uh, we have 94 in Austin. We
have 456 in the Bay Area. That's quite a
lot. Nine unsupervised. Not too much
changing there. So this is what everyone
is staring at. Of course, this thing is
not reliable. By the way, uh but it's
some approximation of whatever is going
on. By the way, we have also the Tesla
FSD miles approaching 10 billion. We
just crossed the 9 billion uh level. So
this is very important.
Um
and Elon said that 10 billion is the
critical
amount.
uh and so we are very close to these 10
billion this all coming together now in
Q2 uh which is very interesting. So that
is kind of the situation. So what to
your point to back to the question what
does that all mean for the stock? Are we
having an inflame point? Is it coming?
Should we buy? Should we sell?
That is what I'm pondering myself on
Tesla. I'm incredibly bullish for Q2. I
think we are absolutely bullish. The
tricky part will be what happens next on
Iran. The challenge is whatever happens
next is probably going to happen next
week. And if we see a major escalation,
I think the market has to repric the
risk and damage being done to the global
economy.
So unfortunately, we will continue to
have significant downside risk here as
long as this is not put aside. Once this
Iran war is over, I I do think we are
setting up for a giant rally because AI
is expanding like crazy. Tesla is doing
all these crazy things. They are
becoming real. But we need to get over
the macro problem.
And so far it looks like very dark on
that side. It looks like things will go
south a little bit. So make of that
whatever you want.
Elon pointed out that fate loves irony.
So with that said, which there you just
walked us through concerning robo taxi
would represent the most ironic outcome
in regards to timing? Well,
unfortunately the answer is very simple.
The most likely the most ironic outcome
if it's the most likely would be Tesla
dropping dramatically to 200 just for
fun just before it goes to 1,00. That
would of course be the highest drama.
How would we get to 200?
First of all, nothing happening in April
and the market crashing and cyber cap
not scaling, which could very easily
happen. By the way, we're just talking
about a few weeks. If the sentiment s on
the market and we see a crash, which is
absolutely possible, absolutely.
And Tesla just not moving, we could
absolutely get back to 200. And if then
the market Iran problem stops at some
point, it has to stop in May and June.
whatever and Tesla suddenly starts
scaling cyber care. Boom, we going to a
thousand. That would be unfortunately
the most ironic and entertaining
outcome,
but I would of course we can't just bet
on this being true.
Um,
we have so many questions here. Let's
see. Let's put it on the big screen.
Uh hello you. What do you think is the
latest date the SpaceX IPO happens? Do
you think the Iran issues affect the
timeline for the IPO? I heard a very
interesting theory on the IPO. I heard
the theory. What is the biggest
competition for SpaceX? You will not you
will not get to you will not think of
what I actually am getting to. The
biggest competitor for SpaceX
is OpenAI and Anthropic. I'm talking
about the IPO because an IPO means
you're sucking money out of institutions
and they can't give everyone money. And
the biggest IPOs this year will be
OpenAI and Anthropic outside SpaceX. And
so the theory goes that's why SpaceX
wants to accelerate. Plus Elon is also a
smart cookie. He knows this Iran
situation could probably badly escalate.
The problem with Iran is the damage
being done is so huge and is not priced
in and once this actually trickles down
and gets into effect all these you know
super large oil tankers and all kinds of
stuff that's being stuck and not getting
to the ports that will hit us in May
probably end of April the actual effects
of what happened so far and then it will
always be delayed and then it can
clearly quickly escalate and destroy the
entire economy globally because then
suddenly no one has oil anymore. So it
will be different if we hit this oil
problem end of April and in May delayed
from March and all these countries
India, China and so on.
But at the same time Iran is settled
let's say end of April uh the markets
will discount like yeah it's very nasty
and we have giant spikes but everyone
knows it's over and we just have to now
get over this gap in May and June. But
if it's not over and it's unclear how
long this lasts while everyone gets
absolutely hammered on oil, that could
create a little bit of a panic. That's
another reason why this war is really on
a on a clock. If it's not stopped while
the wave of destruction hits, the wave
will hit. Okay? But we better have this
war ended when the destruction wave
hits. Because if destruction hits and
the war is not over and was like, "Oh,
we getting destroyed and there is no
light at the end of the tunnel. Oh, this
could get very ugly." So maybe Elon
understands all these things and thinks
the same thing and wants to accelerate
the IPO for many reasons. Open AI,
anthropic being competitors, global
situation not getting better. Uh, and so
I think
I think the IPO might happen sooner than
rather sooner than later. Probably June.
Nothing to do with Tesla merger. That's
a whole different situation.
Elon point out that fate loves. Exactly.
I talked about this. Poor energy sales
will drive Q1 earnings down. Yes. Market
reprises but then goes up later. Makes
no sense. Do we ask questions here on
YouTube or on Pioneer Lands? I cannot
find how to post a question even though
I'm a premium subscriber. Okay, so
let me show you.
Well, now the new site is up. I hope
this actually works. But let me show you
how this works. You go here,
you go to the area like if you have a
cyber cap question, you go to autonomy
please. Now we are specific and you
click on create
and you click on question. I think I
need to make this simpler.
But do you do do you guys see this? So
you can click on create. I will make
this simpler. There should be just ask a
question big and fat. You should also
join the space. So each space now should
be joined because then we see how many
members we have per space. We want to do
everything more by space. You can do as
many space as you want. But maybe you're
not interested in AI blockchain and you
only want to know robots autonomy and
space. So just join these spaces. Click
here join
and then you can click create and
question and then you get to your
questions
and can ask them.
Okay, that's how it works.
Basically I don't understand fear and
selling
ever. He has a button saying ask a
question. It's much simple. Yeah, I will
I will definitely
change that. This is too confusing. Um,
I agree. That's why I need you guys'
feedback.
Uh, okay. Let's continue. Let's go to
questions
and present and see what the next
question is.
The $3 trillion question. Should Tesla
shareholders force a merger with SpaceX
next year? Well, they can't force it, I
guess. Uh, but
Elon Musk has publicly stated that
loyalty needs to be rewarded. Yes.
SpaceX unified with XAI, blah blah blah.
This entity now controls blah blah blah.
That's true. Orbital data centers. Yes.
Yes. Yes. Financial synergy. So, yes, we
know all of these things. Thanks for the
question, anonymous. Um,
obviously
I do think the probability of a merger
between SpaceX and Tesla is close to
100%. The question is the timing. Is it
going to happen this year? Is it going
to happen next year or when is it going
to happen? I don't think it's going to
happen in three years. It has to happen
soon because we entering in into a
completely crazy phase of history. And
at the center of that entire crazy
tsunami stands SpaceX and to some extent
Tesla.
And I think people completely don't get
it. Some people get it. That's why the
SpaceX IPO is looking pretty good and
everyone's in. But I think the whole
crazy scale of what's going to happen
next is not clear to people. I think
Starship is going to be ready end of
this year or latest in 2027 to actually
be reusable. will dramatically push down
the cost to orbit
below $200 per kilogram
and from there it will be an enormous
insane unlock of space AI because I had
a video in November on that quick math
and we are going to do more research on
this and having better models very soon
in the binary academy.
Uh it's very simple. Once we have this
done, all compute, all AI compute
buildout will move to space immediately
because it will be immediately cheaper
and better than on Earth. Terrestrial AI
has no chance against space AI because
energy is effectively free in space. And
once the buildout costs are reasonable
because of Starship,
everything will move to space. That's
the first big revelation. Okay. All
buildout will move to space. Second,
this will happen sooner than people
think. It will happen in 2027. The
kickoff.
That is why SpaceX needs an IPO and
money. They need 75 billion. Why? I tell
you why. They have to build mass
manufacturing of Starship. many tens of
thousands
of starships
because there will be unlimited money
and unlimited demand for transporting AI
satellites into space. I'm not
exaggerating, it's unlimited. And the
third thing we need to understand and
that is a function why we need the AGI
model in our research teams.
This whole thing is a function of AGI
because AGI unlocks unlimited economic
potential because it replaces white
collar jobs and brings down the cost for
a white collar job by 10x or something.
That's a pricing question. You will be
able to hire the most advanced white
collar specialists for a tenth or 20th
of the cost.
That money will create demand for AI
chips and I compute and there will be
not enough energy
but it will be available in space. So
there's an enormous forcing function up
to space. That is why this is so big and
of course Tesla plays a central role
because Tesla will have the robots we
need for that and the chips terap
plus the demand because it has needs
actually the compute. So all of this is
very important that we merge these two
companies, but you can't force it
obviously. Uh Elon will decide when it
makes sense, sooner than later. At the
same time, you can't rush it. It's not
going to be in June in my opinion
because this is a giant operation. It
will be much easier once SpaceX is
public. SpaceX needs to be public before
because otherwise pricing of this merger
becomes impossible. Once both are
public, you have publicly determined
price discovery. That makes it much
harder to sue against that whatever
price is chosen because it's now public.
You can't, you know, you can't doubt the
public market price discovery for Tesla
and for SpaceX. And then you merge them.
So it will be up to us on in Pioneer
Lands plus the Tesla tubers and
influencers to make sure everyone gets
the message and not too many Tesla
shareholders say we don't want to merge.
This is just delayed cash flow and all
kinds of stuff. So that's why we are
modeling out the SpaceX
exact cash flow model probably done four
weeks or something. You guys can join.
That's why I showed you the Pioneer
Academy. I will show you more. And uh
that is all very important. But I think
merger is inevitable. It's just a lot of
work. That's why it's not going to
happen instantaneously.
Okay. On that topic, Alexandra says that
if there's a merger, we Tesla holders
will get a premium so we get a so we
better off buying Tesla shares. What are
your thoughts on it? Do you share the
same opinion? Yes, I am not a big friend
of SpaceX IPO shares. I think they will
be overvalued.
I think it's probably easier for SpaceX
to have a higher valuation than Tesla
depending on cyber cap and everything.
Uh and I do think Tesla is a better
investment for now because they will
merge one way or the other. And SpaceX
will have multiple issues. It will be
too bubbly. It will have a PE of 500
plus
um while having much lower revenues and
margins than Tesla. I mean total I mean
EIA or free cash flow. Not much lower
but lower. And
uh I think the stock will be susceptible
to drop dropping after the IPO. I think
Tesla is more stable and is you know
close to an inflection point. Plus we
might get a premium if SpaceX is the
acquirer.
Joe, is it possible Tesla has negative
cash flow with it over producing 50,000
cars? You mean like cyber caps?
Um,
it all depends what happens on cyber
cap. These cyber caps are incredible
cash flow machines once they actually
work, once FSD works. So people say,
"Oh, they have all the capex up front
and then it takes forever for them to
become profitable." That's not true.
Just do the math. In my math, depending
how you exactly math it, you make up to
$50,000 a year in margin on these
things. Let's make it 30,000 in margin.
That's still six times more than you
make on one Model Y sold. So, the Model
Y cost $10,000 more probably on COGS.
So, Cyber Cam is 50% cheaper to
manufacture,
but it has the equivalent margin
of six model Y's per year.
So, that means in year one, this is
already super profitable, the whole
situation. Uh, well, you have to do the
math. Of course, you're only getting
that margin. So if you pay 20,000 bucks
to COGS and you put it on your own
balance sheet as capex
well
uh what did you ask about cash flow or
about
profit?
So yeah, on the cash flow side, even on
the cash flow side, you will be cash
flow positive on the cyber cap within
the same year, you basically spend
20,000 bucks on your cost of goods sold
or not sold, cost of goods. Then you run
this thing and after twothirds of the
year, you're already cash flow positive
on that thing. And from there, it's just
a complete cash flow explosion. Of
course, assuming that it works, right,
that you can deploy them commercially.
So, I'm not too concerned. And you also
have to consider that debt is relatively
cheap for companies like Tesla. It's not
hard to bridge these gaps with uh with
debt. It's extremely easy if that's
needed. So, I'm not too concerned.
What are odds that SpaceX stock price
drops much lower a few weeks? Well, very
high. Uh Richie, I think it's very high.
That's why I'm not into the IPO. I think
it's extremely likely that you get the
stock cheaper than at IPO down the road
12 months down.
Uh will you think that regulators will
be able to block Tesla SpaceX merger? Um
I think under the Trump administration
it's very unlikely, extremely unlikely
because it's a national security issue
and merging is good for the United
States. At least that's what they will
think.
And uh the interesting thing here is
that the magic of Elon is that you're
crossing lots of different industries.
So you're not building a monopoly on
anything existing, right? SpaceX already
is a monopoly in space, so it doesn't
matter, but it's high high national
security priority.
And then it merges with cyber caps and
robots and all these other things. So
it's I don't think there's any
competitive or monopoly issue uh on this
whole thing. Interestingly enough,
uh I don't think Tesla overproduced a
portion of the 50k iss probably
purchased in portions inventory or Tesla
is expecting a large order in Q. I don't
I have no concerns about these 50,000.
Okay, let's continue to the next
question. Last one. 1.7 million cyber
caps to match one quarter of Nvidia's
profit. Oo, now we have to do math. Is
it true that Tesla would need about 1.7
million cyber caps? generating 50,000
profit per year each just to match
Nvidia's profit in Q4
2025. Well, Nvidia's profit is pretty
high. So maybe
$22 billion in profit
in that quarter.
Is that much per quarter? So we can also
not do it per quarter. uh if you make
basically 80 billion in profit. Yeah, I
think that just on the back of the
napkin that makes roughly sense because
we have to understand if Tesla would
make um $90 billion in profit,
that's 18 times more than now. So yes,
1.7 million that that could work out to
this. Uh so I think you're roughly right
with this, but you also have to put this
into perspective. If you increase
Tesla's profit by that much,
uh I don't know what you mean. I I don't
know the exact in median numbers what
profit means. This is EITA or whatever
it is, but that's like
10 to 15 times more profit than Tesla
has right now.
Plus, if they get to 1.7 million, they
also get to 17 million. So they are on a
growth trajectory way larger than Nvidia
and would get a way higher PE on that
than Nvidia. Which means if they get to
Nvidia's profit, I would say Tesla is a
10 or 15 trillion company because Nvidia
is a 5 trillion or 4 trillion whatever
it is right now. So this math actually
makes sense when you think about it.
Tesla would get a vastly higher PE than
Nvidia on this because the growth rate
or the growth outlook, not even the
rate. Nvidia has a crazy growth rate,
but the growth outlook would be much
much more clean and clear than for
Nvidia. At least the market would see it
like this because it's a white blue
ocean market, whereas Nvidia has to
always fight with the narrative that the
existing market is actually going to
expand so much.
So yeah, that all makes sense. We just
have to understand Tesla wouldn't be a
five trillion company if that it would
be a $15 trillion company.
Uh so it would be 10 times higher the
stock. So here we are talking about
whatever three you know 4,000 bucks or
something stock price.
Yes. So that is the situation.
That is the situation on this topic. Um,
I can just invite you guys to come back
to Pioneer Lens. I would say come back
tomorrow. Check out tomorrow or Tuesday.
We will have much more news than
accumulated here because our open claw
is always skinning the world on the
latest. Um, we probably have another
live show then because I want to start
this Paneer Academy specifically for the
topics. So if you're interested in any
of these topics, watch out. Go on the
topic, join the space so you get updates
on the space. And this is all like new.
We are fine-tuning everything. Uh I will
update the question so it's more easy to
find. Um we'll then display the members
here. The members, do we have members
yet? Yeah, you see members. Do we have
so many members? So you can click on
members and this will be a little bit
complementing our cities app by the way.
So you can actually see the other
members. Uh if you join research
uh look so cool. What is this autonomy?
We also have chapter elite election. You
can run as a candidate for chapter lead.
We had last session the uh proposal uh
to use the city's structure where you
can run for mayor in a city uh and use
that here. So we do the same thing. You
can become the lead for this chapter and
then have certain tasks you can do.
Manage this chapter a little bit. So if
you think you you're the best in space,
you can run as chapter lead and the
members in space can vote on you. There
will be many more very soon.
And look at the space people. Zagreb,
Müster, Geneva.
Uh it's filling up even though it was
just launched. Very good.
And then we can do that. By the way, we
have also the forum here. Let's see if
this loads successfully.
That still has loading issues. But this
leads you to the to the old Yeah. Here.
See, we restructured also our pioneer
lens core thing. So we have now these
different topics that reflect these
topics. You see how this is going? If
you click on forum, you get directly to
space AI, AI, blockchain, macro, and so
on and so forth. So we restructured
everything. we assign the old
contributions to these new spaces. Um
and that is how this works. So here we
can have all the discussions in the
world.
Uh this should be structured a little
different
here. You see I show you the inside how
this actually works.
The beast from the inside
like this.
And I think then it
should restructure it.
Not really. What's going on here?
Customize. I want the look to be
different.
List
save changes. And now we have it.
Yeah, this is how it should look like.
the space air blockchain.
This looks correct. Macro,
you see all these things? AGI
robots.
Yes, everything looking good. So here
you can post anything you want and have
discussions with every everyone. That is
how this works on research. Ooh, it's
implemented now coming together.
Uh here we will actually see the
we will actually see the briefings that
are still missing. I will add this very
soon. So we will see all these models we
are building for the AI satellite
timeline for the Starship launch
timeline and SpaceX as a business
timeline.
These will be our research areas and
then you can basically join them if you
want. Um, and we are building these
Google Sheets out, the financial models
for this whole thing. And then we will
have a world model that predicts the
entire future of AGI.
That's how it's going to work.
Casey, very good. Thanks for posting the
question. Flying to Phoenix, taking off
now. No internet connection. Thanks,
Joe. Richie, good. Have a good flight. I
hope the TSA is fixed.
I don't know if it's fixed. I pray for
you that the TSA is fixed and you don't
have to wait 10 hours.
Um, yeah. So, we are working on this.
I'm super excited about it. I hope you
guys follow this. It's still like work
in progress, but I think I I'm really
pushing this hard to get it really
organized.
And the idea is very simple. Uh I do
believe that these quantitative models
are the key to understanding the future
because if you put the numbers together
and have smart people looking over it,
these models are very powerful. I saw it
with Tesla and we can do it all across
the board. Now, we can then use AI by
the way, our lovable system to create
meta models once we have the core models
very simply easily and connect them all.
Right? If the AGI timeline informs you
about the super demand for compute,
space tells you how much compute we will
have in space at what price. Robots tell
you how we replace blue collar jobs at
what rate. Autonomy tells you how fast
we actually scale the robot taxes and
also have chip demand. AI blockchain
tells you about ETH and Bitcoin.
And macro tells you about inflation and
jobs where this all accumulates into.
And then of course AI income is the key.
How do we make money with it? How do we
learn about portfolio construction and
what stocks are the most promising based
on these insights? It's going to be a
lot of fun. But I want to have a
disciplined approach of modeling out
everything and having smart teams on all
these things because we can because we
are pioneer lens. And once we're done
with these first seven pioneer alpha and
AI income, the real fun starts and we
talk about the things that truly change
the world. Education, family, and
society. to be cautious and be smart and
also use quantitative models that will
be my big surprise for everyone that I
can quantify all these things and put
into actually engineering models with
KPIs and metrics so we can actually
operationalize this whole topic
and it's going to be a lot of fun. We
are going to build a world model. That's
the plan.
Mississippi.
Hi to Mississippi.
Maybe this is the first time we
overproduce with Tesla. I don't think
so.
Uh Elon seems to be in a very good mood.
By the way, I don't buy this whole panic
situation. I think Tesla, even though
the numbers in energy drop, but who
cares about I mean energy is on a super
growth path, I'm not too concerned. And
it always goes like unpredictably
because it's about these super big
orders and sometimes they're just not
registered in this quarter.
on the EV side, like you need to look at
EVs and Tesla sales in a relative
way. This Tesla is so huge at this point
that they're also going with the whole
car market. So, you don't just have to
look how much Tesla grows. You also have
to look how much it grows in comparison
to the other guys. If you didn't notice,
Tesla beat this quarter by Tesla is back
to number one in the world and BYD is
beaten. So these are very important
details. While all the OEMs going down
in flames, I predicted that 2027 is
going to be the blood bath. 2027 is
where you see everyone going out of
business in my opinion. The OEMs on a
massive scale. They're just toast. Uh
and Tesla's just gaining ground. Tesla
is gaining ground all over the place in
Europe, in United States, in market
share terms, even though the credits are
expired. So sure, in absolute terms,
doesn't look too great, but in relative
terms, Tesla is taking over. So that's
all I need.
Thank you, Lee. Lee renders.
Yes, I think it's a good vision. I'm
very bullish on it because I know
exactly what we need to do. Models. I
like models.
Not like you think, dirty people. Of
course, I like also these models, but I
also like my quantitative models.
And that's very nice. These quantitative
models, if you identify the right
metrics on the right timelines,
you can truly force all our knowledge
into the right model and actually hit
what truly matters for the future. And
all these topics are of course tightly
correlated. Interrelated, not
correlated, interrelated.
Are you going to miss the Model S and X?
Of course, I'm going to miss them.
Especially Model S. They were such nice
cars. My dad has an S and he was bummed
he can't get a newer one. Several years.
It's true. The S was amazing. I think
the X can easily be replaced by I'm not
a big S X fan. It was always a little
stupid in my opinion. It's a nice car,
but I think a Model Y L is just smarter.
But the S. Yeah.
If there's a merger, Joe, how does that
change your projections of Tesla share
price for 2030? Well, that's very hard
to do the math. I need to all these
merger topics and all the SpaceX topics.
I need to wait for this thing to
actually come out. I need to look at we
need to develop the space X model and
the space AI model because now it get of
course turns into a totally new company
where we have to also project all the
space stuff.
You don't think Nvidia and their driving
software helps keep the OEMs alive? No.
No way. Uh
I think the OEMs are going to get into
an absolute death struggle. I think per
country one is going to survive maybe
two. Of course, Germany's going to
protect Volkswag uh Japan's going to
protect Toyota. Uh who else can protect
something? The Americans don't have to
protect anyone. They have Tesla. Um
so you can keep them alive because
they're so important. Uh I also do think
they will get be dragged over the finish
line to become autonomous at least one
of them but it will be a lot of state
subsidies involved. They can't like out
of their own power compete with Tesla.
Could robo taxi scaling be
internationally be delayed to keep the
valuation low for now before SpaceX
merger?
I mean the question whether they play
these kinds of games
uh
well I don't know I don't know that's a
good question normally I would say they
don't do these things but this is such a
huge operation
the reason why you don't want to play
too many games with share price is
there's too many unknown variables
you know this is kind of implying you
have SpaceX under control from an Elon
perspective know exactly where the price
lands and then want to manipulate the
Tesla Guys, I don't think that's how
Elon thinks because Elon's very smart
and he understands this is not really
plannable. There are way too many
unknowns there and if you start creating
these dependency plans and something
goes wrong, you're just looking dumb.
I think they just want to push it
forward as quickly as possible.
Um Elon of course has some interest
commercially because he has a much
larger share in SpaceX
uh to maximize SpaceX valuation when
SpaceX eats Tesla, right? Because he has
a smaller share in Tesla, a larger share
in SpaceX. So the larger the share of
SpaceX in the United entity is, the
better for Elon. I think there is some
bias maybe in there.
But then uh actually planning this out
is all very dangerous and I don't think
so. But who knows
also that would really screw over Tesla
shareholders by the way.
Could Robbo taxi scaling be
internationally? No, we already had
that.
Okay, I think that's it for now. Now you
have seen the new page even though it's
only half done but I think by tomorrow
it will be much more done.
Uh
and
uh
that's not urgent.
Um but that is it for now. Uh we can
wrap it up now. I hope that was
interesting that little session. We have
a video coming out today actually on
AGI.
Uh and then tomorrow
it's going to be a wild week. Macro Iran
insanity. We are probably going to lose
money. That's what's going to happen. Uh
but we cannot change that. Uh it's going
to be too tricky to trade this
effectively. So we need to just stay
cautious. I hope you guys are prepared
for some tumultuous April weeks. Uh we
will track the situation of course close
up and try to do our best to navigate
that mess and then we go from there.
Thanks for joining. Go to
pioneerlands.org
join the spaces
uh create button will be improved
probably today
and then we continue. Thank you so much
for joining and see you very soon.
Thank you, Brandon.
Okay, see you guys.