Channel:     electrified
Title:       When Tesla Will Deploy Cybercab to the Robotaxi Network ⚡️
URL:         https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JgUeklpDTW8
Published:   2026-05-12 00:24 UTC
Fetched:     2026-05-12 06:00 UTC

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Welcome to Electrified. It's your host,
Dylan Lumis. Quick shout out to my
newest patron, Thomas M. Thank you for
choosing to support the channel. If you
missed the first Electrified interview
in the past few years, I did upload it
on Sunday. I'll have the link below. The
early feedback so far is very strong.
I'll also have Iola's ex account linked
below. I'd encourage you to follow her.
She really is one of the most
knowledgeable people I've ever talked to
when it comes to EVs, battery storage,
and the supply chain and the
intersection of all of that with policy
and ultimately what it means for Tesla's
business going forward. And truly, I
don't want these videos to do well just
for me, but if these interviews get
higher view counts and better
engagement, then I can share that with
other prospective guests and they're
much more likely to come on the channel.
So again, if you missed this one, I'll
have it linked below, and I'll also have
it as the outro card at the end of this
video. This morning, Joe Tet Meyer said
the $59,000 Cybert truck might have
started production in Austin, but
perhaps more importantly, he said
CyberCap production is proceeding slowly
as Tesla said it would, but there are
dozens of Cyber Cavs in the outbound
lot. I hope we start seeing more of
these soon, and perhaps introduction
into the robo taxi fleet soon. And that
right there brings us to the question of
the hour. When will Tesla deploy the
first cyber cab onto the robo taxi
network for paid customer rides? Based
on what I'm seeing online, I think a lot
of people are expecting that date to be
sometime in the next 1 or 2 months. But
spoiler alert, my guess is not that
soon. So, let me share my rationale as
to why. Here's what I'm thinking. the
first Cybert truck deliveries to
customers took place November 30th,
2023. Then about 11 months later, we got
the news that finally some Cybert trucks
were getting FSD enabled on the cars.
And May 2024, when Mars was asking even
for some basic lane keep assist in the
Cybert truck, Elon said we have to focus
on FSD for the other 99% of the fleet.
Cybertruck FSD is a few months away. But
why was this? The Cybert truck's much
higher ride height, the different camera
placement, the different weight
distribution, and all of these changes
meant that Tesla's FSD neural network
had never seen the road or the world
from those angles. And Tesla's FSD model
had never been trained to output
controls for the vehicle given those
height weight distributions. And I'm
guessing some of you will recall hearing
about Cybertruck FSD performance in the
early days being subpar compared to the
rest of the fleet. So without getting
too far into the weeds, the retraining
of the model and the validation to teach
Tesla's FSD neural nets how to operate
on the Cybert truck ultimately took
roughly a year plus. And of course with
the Cyber Cab, a vehicle purpose-built
for autonomy. two doors, no wheel, no
pedals, different suspension, different
B-pillars, different camera angles, and
so on. Tesla is going to need plenty of
realworld miles paired with simulation
miles to validate this setup on the
Cyber Cab. And somehow we have to factor
in for FSD on the Cybertruck, Tesla knew
they were going to have supervisors.
Whereas for the Cyber Cab, it's likely
to start unsupervised with paid customer
rides. So with no supervisor to fall
back on, Tesla needs to make sure they
get it right. And further, it's just a
reality. Tesla doesn't need the Cyber
Cab to have robo taxis on the network.
They can continue to safely deploy Model
Y's without any problem. Unlike the
Cybertruck, Tesla doesn't have customers
pleading with the company asking it to
ship a feature that they were expecting
to have. So, when it comes to the Cyber
Cab, Tesla can wait until they're fully
ready to deploy it onto the network. And
to everybody that's still asking, well,
where are all these Cyber Cabs going
that are being produced right now, as we
said, across the country to do this very
validation? And let's not forget, FSD
aside, Tesla is still working out all of
the kinks with the unboxed manufacturing
process. So, from our perspective, it's
easy to say, look at all these
production level cyber cabs. They're
ready to be deployed now. But we don't
know what type of fault tolerances
Tesla's working with at this stage of
production. We have no idea what's going
on with the unboxed line itself. So
Tesla will likely need at least a few
months not just to figure out FSD, but
to get the unboxed manufacturing process
and just the vehicle itself where it
wants it. because Tesla needs to know
that every vehicle coming off this brand
new Cyber Cab line is 100% ready to go,
not just a majority of the vehicles. So,
just factoring all of that in, my
prediction here would be that Tesla
deploys a Cyber Cab onto the robo taxi
network sometime around September 15th
this year. That gives the team about 6
months from the beginning of cyber cab
production. Real quick, if you use any
Adobe products, you should know that a
hacker recently claimed to have stolen
13 million support tickets. But how did
this happen? A fishing email sent to an
employee at a third-party contractor.
So, as always, this could happen to
anyone. And thankfully, Surf Shark, the
sponsor of this video, has been
developing tools for instances like
this. And what makes this Adobe breach
relevant is it wasn't even Adobe's own
systems that were compromised. It was a
contractor they outsourced their support
to, which means Adobe customers had
their names, emails, account details,
and conversations exposed because of a
company that they never even knew
existed. With Surf Shark, you can avoid
this problem altogether by using their
alternative ID. So, anytime you have to
sign up for a new account, you can
basically create fake information, a
random name, location, email address,
and so on. So, your real information
never hits the internet in the first
place. And for customers based in the
United States, Surf Shark 1 Plus now
includes up to a million dollar in
identity theft coverage at no extra
cost. So if your identity does happen to
get compromised, you're covered for
legal fees, document replacement, lost
wages, and you get access to a licensed
investigator to handle the recovery. And
many of you already know the many other
benefits of Surf Shark. encrypting your
online activity, one account for
unlimited family devices, better deals
on flights and hotels, removing ad
trackers and malware from your internet
searches, and so on. So, if you'd like
to support the work I do here, you can
go to surf shark.com/electrified
or use code electrified at checkout to
get four extra months of Surf SharkVPN.
And let's not forget the Cybertruck had
thousands of vehicles on the road
running FSD in shadow mode to train
those different shaped vehicles. So, it
stands to reason that Tesla will want to
have thousands of cyber cabs across the
country, validating the new setup,
aligning it with Tesla's own world model
and its simulated data. And so, that's
why I've been saying Tesla can make
hundreds and hundreds of cyber cabs
before deploying them to the network
because they need to do this validation.
But if you're wondering, well, since the
stakes are higher for the Cyber Cab, why
wouldn't it take longer than the
Cybertruck? That's a great question. My
answer is that yes, the cameras were
part of the problem, but the primary
problem was actually something
different. It was the steer bywire
system and the four-wheel steering. So,
it wasn't actually a perception stack
problem. It was a control stack problem.
And further, the Cybertruck was the
first hardware for a vehicle at scale,
which we know brings with it different
cameras and different resolutions. Just
think about it. Tesla's control stack
had these bakedin vehicle dynamics
around the sexy lineup. That entire
model was trained on Tesla's
mechanically linked steering racks. So,
it makes sense that remapping all of
that to the Cybert truck's variable
ratio steer by wire would cause some
problems. And at this point, I just have
to say all of this technical stuff
aside, in the back of my mind, I still
hear Elon saying that in a roundabout
way, they're waiting for V15 to really
scale. So, does that also mean they'll
wait to deploy the Cyber Cab until V15
is here? I'm not even trying to argue
that's likely right now. I'm just saying
it's something we have to at least
consider. Though on all other Tesla
vehicles, the FSD would output a
steering wheel angle, but obviously with
the Cyber Cab, those not for testing
those for the fleet with no steering
wheel, it's ultimately going to have to
output something a bit different that
it's never done before. We also know the
Cyber Cab is Tesla's first vehicle ever
to be a frontwheel drive vehicle only.
All this to say, I don't have specifics.
I don't want to get out of my depth
here, but I'm confident Tesla will have
some level of control stack retraining
that it needs to do for the Cyber Cab.
So, clearly there are many unknowns
right now, but I just wanted to share my
thought process here and share my own
expectations because I do think a lot of
people are expecting to see a cyber cab
live on the robo taxi network sooner
than September 15th. And listen, for
whatever it's worth, I absolutely think
there's a very real chance that Tesla
can beat my expected timeline. So,
that's the short version of what I'm
thinking and more importantly why I'm
thinking it. But, as always, I'd love to
know where you guys are at. Some people
are pointing to Piper Sandler putting
out a new Tesla stock note, attributing
that to the Tesla stock runup today and
relative outperformance. But Piper
Sandler is now arguing that at Tesla's
current share prices, investors are
effectively getting the company's
Optimus robot business at no cost. Alex
Potter, who in my opinion does actually
deserve respect, said his new model
covering 17 Tesla product lines, yields
a value of around $400 per share without
assigning any value to Optimus. At $400
a share, we think investors can buy
Optimus for free. This updated framework
Potter described as the Tesla model
we've always wanted to build. It
incorporates revenue and profit
forecasts for businesses that most sell
side models overlook, including in-house
insurance, supercharging, and a
standalone robo tax evaluation separate
from the FSD software business. Potter
said his estimates for this year and
next are below consensus, reflecting
declining deliveries from discontinued
products and a smaller contribution from
regulatory credits. But he's
unconcerned, arguing that traditionally
relevant metrics are becoming less
important as FSD subscriber counts and
robo taxi metrics take center stage. And
he himself said the humanoid robot and
inference as a service businesses
arguably will be worth more than Tesla's
other businesses combined. It's really
just he hasn't yet attempted to formally
forecast them. And here's one slide from
Piper Sandler. It's the revenue outlook
for these 17 different business lines.
And listen, we just don't often see Wall
Street share their projections out to
2045. But in this case, Piper Sandler
has FSD licensing alone for Tesla,
generating $400 billion in revenue by
2045 from, you guessed it, zero in 2031.
That line not generating revenue until
2032, which actually I think is a pretty
astute take given what we're seeing in
the markets. I said we need one more
phase of testing where many of these
companies flock to Nvidia and try to
say, "Hey, we're doing our own thing
with Nvidia's tools." Then they're
likely to ultimately get stuck in a
local maximum and have to do something
else. And that something else is likely
to be licensing FSD. But looking at more
shorter term numbers, they see FSD
subscriptions going from $600 million
this year to $10.6 billion by 2030. And
after 2031, they have Tesla's revenue
from vehicle sales alone beginning a
steady decline because again, Tesla
would be moving to a transportation as a
service provider. Now, Sandler has
regulatory credits going to zero in
2029. And I might have to send Alex the
interview I just did with Iola because
they have 2026 energy revenue at 13.1
billion but then only growing to about
20.9 billion by 2030. And personally I
think given Tesla's plans with solar and
mega block and mega 3 I think the number
in 2030 will be much higher. And yes I
know the cool thing now is data centers
in space. I just think that's going to
take a few years. And then lastly, total
revenue for this year, they're expecting
about $96 billion. In 2030, they have it
at $155 billion. And then by 2045,
they're expecting $1.7 trillion in
revenue for Tesla. And the one to
remember, they have the first trillion
revenue year at 2039. So, you guys know
ordinarily I wouldn't spend too much
time on these analyst updates, but I
actually think this one deserves a bit
of our time. And I always find it
interesting to get a glimpse into their
forecasting like this. And most
importantly, the robo taxi ride line.
They have $400 million in revenue for
2027, up to 2.2 billion in 2028, then up
to $18.6 billion by 2030. I think it's
worth mentioning right now though, all
modeling is wrong. It's just a matter of
how wrong. But it's not so much what the
numbers are, but the fact that they're
out there and these analysts are
starting to actually model more of
Tesla's business lines. But clearly,
Optimus is still far too much of an
unknown, even for companies like Ark to
do any serious modeling. Today, we
learned the White House is inviting
Elon, Tim Cook, and a few other key
executives to join the president on his
trip to China this week. Elon's
inclusion is the latest sign the
relationship between the president and
the world's richest man has been
repaired. The group of more than a dozen
top executives is joining Trump for a
visit later this week that the president
hopes will unlock a series of business
deals and purchase agreements with
Beijing. It's comprised mostly of
representatives of major financial,
tech, aerospace, and agricultural firms.
Now, look, on the surface, it might not
seem like a big deal for Tesla, but I
would point out the last time Elon made
that surprise trip to Beijing back in
April 2024. Right after that visit,
Tesla passed a very key data privacy
assessment. And Elon walked away from
that trip with a new mapping deal with
BYU. And both of those proved to be very
important steps in Tesla getting that
limited approval for FSD it now has. So
hopefully overall the talks go well and
then Elon also separately has a chance
to potentially push things forward a bit
when it comes to the wider FSD approval
in China. And it's worth mentioning
Tesla is now hiring for some autopilot
test engineers in China. And I believe
this is the first time Tesla has
actually laid out specific cities and
provinces where this role will apply.
Shanghai is the preferred location, but
other cities like Shenzhen, Shanzhin,
Chongqing, and Wuhan are listed. And
that's not all. We have Chinese account
Ming, who has certainly got some things
right in the past, saying supply chain
reports are telling us Optimus V3 has
successfully cleared its engineering
verification and is entering smallcale
trial production this May. Core
suppliers are expected to get their
first mass production orders mid July,
paving the way for a large-scale
production ramp in August, and seven key
Chinese partners have already pass
Tesla's PPA certification. So, yes,
there are multiple things for Elon to
potentially address on this trip if, of
course, he confirms that he's going. And
guys, I know this one was last week, but
I do want to at least quickly touch on
it. we saw from Nitsa. Tesla's Model Y
is the first vehicle and still to this
day, as far as I can tell, the only
vehicle to pass Nitsa's new advanced
driver assistance system tests. Nitsa
said Model Y's made on or after November
12th last year successfully met the
rigorous criteria for four newly
integrated safety tests. Those are
pedestrian automatic emergency braking,
lanekeeping assistance, blind spot
warning, and blind spot intervention.
Nitsa's administrator said, "By
successfully passing these new tests,
the 26 Model Y demonstrates the
life-saving potential of driver
assistance tech and sets a high bar for
the industry. We hope to see many more
manufacturers develop vehicles that can
meet these requirements. However, the
reason this is so impactful is because
we've known at the federal level there's
plenty of debate right now whether
Tesla's advanced driving features are
actually safe or not without LiDAR. Just
go back and listen to the hearings from
earlier this year if you're not sure why
I'm saying that. But with these new
official standardized tests from Nitsa,
the Model Y has passed all of them with
flying colors with its visiononly
system. And we'll have to wait and see
how other vehicles fare in this test.
But this is a huge official validation
for Tesla's visiononly system at the
federal level at a time when much debate
is taking place for that federal
framework for AVs. So we've known Tesla
is the benchmark for ADAS safety and now
the rest of the world is starting to
find out as well. And speaking of that
federal framework, Uber is now launching
a new public policy push for autonomy.
Uber's director of autonomy said, "We
won't succeed in having AVs in places
like Chicago, Boston, or New York City
if we're not engaging on what we know
are the tough issues." Uber is
addressing some of those challenges in a
new policy paper. And in it, they
concede robo taxi deployments will
always be shaped by the realities of
infrastructure, regulation, and the
needs of individual markets, and will
require partnerships with officials and
workers. The paper's also a call to
action for lawmakers and governments
arguing the move to autonomy is already
underway. Although AVs are allowed in
about half the country, legislation has
stalled in at least eight states,
including New York, Virginia, Oregon,
and Minnesota, and the federal
legislation has yet to clear Congress,
although there's a chance AV rules could
be folded into a mandatory highway
funding bill later this year. In the
actual white paper from Uber though,
they do argue for this hybrid network
where autonomous vehicles and drivers
coexist for a long time, which is of
course how it will play out in practice.
But they said there are 8,000 cities in
the US alone that Uber serves, which
likely won't be workable for AVs in the
foreseeable future. And Uber's three
main arguments: infrastructure, mapping,
and density. The first being charging
and cleaning. The second being mapping
or even validation like Tesla has to do
with some of those LAR rigs. And density
meaning certain rural areas just have
very few people that are very spread
out. But by far the main takeaway here,
Uber is now officially lobbying for
advancing autonomous vehicles in the US.
And sure, they want to do it in a slower
phased approach, but more pressure on
federal regulators right now is a good
thing. When it comes to the potential of
a Tesla and SpaceX merger, plenty of
chatter out there right now. I will
certainly chime in when I think the time
is right. That time being when we learn
that it's actually going to happen and
we get the details and the proposal for
said merger so we can actually analyze
tangible numbers. However, I do think
there's value in some of these
conversations being had now because
ultimately I just want as many people to
be as informed as possible. And I really
think that hearing both sides of the
argument is the best way to do that. And
for now, I just want to say that I know
both Bradford and Matt offline behind
the scenes. I think they're excellent,
high integrity humans. And much like
myself, we are all simply after the
truth. So, in my opinion, they're not
coming at this debate from any other
angle other than laying out some things
to consider. And just pay attention to
who's attacking ideas and who is
attacking people. In a feel-good story
today, we learned that Tesla's former
CFO, Deepak Ahuja, has joined Redwood
Materials. And yes, he'll be joining as
the CFO. Deepac told CNBC his
relationship with JB Strable primarily
influenced his decision to join the
recycling startup. Knowing JB for the
last 18 years, I have huge respect for
him as a leader, as an engineer, and as
a thinker. And knowing so many of the
leadership team who are from Tesla makes
it easier for me to step in with a sense
of credibility and build the business.
DPAC arrives at Redwood less than a
month after the company implemented a
restructuring in which it cut about 10%
of its headcount or 135 people, partly
to refocus resources on its energy
division. And Deepak told CNBC he sees
demand for fully electric vehicles
growing in the US despite some recent
ups and downs. And I say it's a
feel-good story, not just because I want
Redwood Materials to succeed, but I am
really rooting for JB Strable. Tesla
said they're now testing the weight list
feature at five different Supercharger
locations, four of which are in
California, but there's one in the
Bronx, New York. And they shared a quick
video of that virtual queue and how it's
going to work. An under 5minute wait and
how many cars are ahead of you with the
option to leave the wait list. And yes,
nonTeslas can join the weight list
through the Tesla app. And today, Ford
announced a new subsidiary, Ford Energy.
Ford Energy plans to deploy at least 20
gawatt hours annually with first
customer deliveries planned for late
2027. Their flagship product will be the
Ford Energy DC block, which is a
standardized 20ft containerized battery
energy storage system designed around
512 amp hour LFP prismatic cells in both
a 2 and 4hour duration. They said
they're repurposing existing US battery
manufacturing capacity in Glendale,
Kentucky to serve the growing best
market. And with Iola, we talked about
this very thing when it comes to new
players getting into the market because
the demand and the margins are so
attractive and the repurposing of
battery factories that were going to be
for EVs that now they'd rather use for
battery storage. And Tesla has
officially changed the Model SNX
signature edition delivery event to May
20th and it will be held in Fremont,
California. Tesla stock closed the day
at $445
on the nose, up 3.89% while the NDX was
up 29%. So there's that relative
outperformance we talked about and the
volume was 18% above the average. And
this means Tesla stock is now up 32% in
just the last 35 days. But as always,
context matters. And over the past 6
[music] weeks, the S&amp;P 500 is up 16%.
Which is the 11th biggest 6-w [music]
week gain for the index since 1950. And
it's the only example in the top 20 that
did not happen either during a bare
market or soon after a bare market low.
So that to say, this isn't some major
outperformance by Tesla stock, but
rather a move with the overall market.
So if you're trying to pinpoint what the
Tesla catalyst was or is for this runup,
that is likely a fool's errand. [music]
Don't forget, check out Surf Shark
linked below. A huge thank you to all of
you that do. It is a huge help to the
channel. Hope you all have a wonderful
day and a huge thank you to all of my
Patreon supporters.