Channel:     jobhakdi
Title:       LIVE: Will Tesla Stock RECOVER Into The SpaceX IPO?
URL:         https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5RQL-vcYM1E
Published:   2026-06-07 16:26 UTC
Fetched:     2026-06-07 23:00 UTC

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Hello and welcome everyone. I hope
you're all here and uh everyone survived
the absolute bloodbath we experienced on
Friday in the market. It was pretty bad
and a lot of people were shocked by what
we saw. Not surprisingly, if you're in
the market,
um, then it was not a good day. And we
will talk today about what we can expect
for next week and,
uh, what we what we will do. I'm reading
your comments. Um, what we will do about
it. So, first of all, what happened? And
I we are not going to make it long. We
have a lot of things to discuss. I also
want to introduce you to a uh SpaceX DCF
model. We are making progress but things
are actually very complicated and uh
there are some very important glitches
in the matrix in the financial
projection matrix with SpaceX that are
very unusual. I'm not going to go into
all details but we will get to it later.
Uh so first let's start with the market.
the absolute horrendous blood bath we
have seen the worst day for a year or
more over a year for the NASCA you have
I'm sure heard about it and uh we have
to discuss what we do now so let me
share the screen to get to it I don't
want to inflict too much pain
into everyone so we are not going to
stare at this too long but Tesla down an
unbelievable 6.56% 27 $7. I did not
expect that. I was not well prepared for
that. I took a major hit. I fortunately
got out of uh like half of my positions
by 410 or some by four four or five or
something when I realized this is really
bad.
And uh when we look at the bigger
picture here, um not of my core
position, I still was leveraged. I was
still full long. It's like it was pretty
bad, but things like that happen. That's
part of the course. But when we look at
the NASDAQ, that's the shocking thing.
It's not even Tesla 6.5% down. It is the
freaking NASDAQ 4.8% uh 4.18% down. A
complete bloodbath. And it didn't even
end super well. If you want to get
technical,
uh it's a weird sell-off because it was
so linear. That's not normally how it
goes. Normally in panic situations
what you see is that you go sideways you
start dropping and then into the close
it gets exponentially worse. If you see
something like that on Friday it is a
very bad sign. So if you go sideways
choppy go slowly down and accelerate
into the close that's very bad. I had
this a few times but I really vividly
remember then you will have a bad
Monday, a disaster Monday.
Here we see something very very
different. We see constant relentless
selling pressure very linearly. Here it
tries to bounce but fails with a bounce
kind of little bounce
that makes me a little less concerned.
So my bottom line is I'm not going to
make it too complicated, but when you
look at the NASDAQ long-term, we went on
an absolute ridiculous killer rally,
right? Look at this. We are up 9% for
the freaking year or what year 10% up
for the year. But much more importantly
for the month um now we're down for the
month. So not for the month. Since
March 30th, we have been on an insane
rally. We are still up. Let that sink
in. We are still up 25%.
Do you understand what that means? We
are up 25%
on the entire market over March, April,
May over 3 months. Okay, if you're 25%
up over three months, that is
ridiculous. That is kind of overbought.
And I think that's exactly what we are
seeing. So what we are seeing is profit
taking. We are seeing the moment in time
where the market decides you know what I
need to take some profits here. I had
insane profits on my not me. The market
says insane profits on micron insane
profits on semiconductors. Let's take
risk off the table. Let's just cash in
because this can't go on like this.
Let's take it off the table. What I also
see in the market is we are incredibly
bullish
fundamentally. We are on an absolute
bull run on a killer bull run. All the
fundamentals look better and better by
the day. I just saw profitability
numbers and margin numbers for the S&amp;P.
It's insane. We see an explosion of
profits, explosion of margins, all that
stuff. That is the real driver behind
the rally. I would classify that as a
typical breather. Maybe a little panic
induced breather. Not even panic. When
you look at how the day behaved, this is
not panic. This is a con constant
selling profit taking pressure.
So I classify this as typical breather
in a strong bull market that got a
little ahead of itself or got a little
extreme. Let me put it like this. This
is an extreme bull run here and
therefore we are taking a breather. Of
course the big question is what happens
next week? Now next week here's the
problem with next week. Why this is
going to get is going to be one of the
most complicated weeks ever for Tesla.
Tesla is now completely oversold. This
is ridiculous. Can Tesla fall to 350? Of
course, it's Tesla. It can do whatever
it wants. But everyone knows that what I
said is actually right that we had the
precipice of robo taxi scaling. That's
not a secret. JP Morgan came up with a
insane
insane uh price target
price target increase that is a little
ridiculous. JP Morgan is of course one
of the bookrunners for SpaceX. So
they're doing uh Elon a favor upgrading
Tesla, something they should not do
normally because it's ridiculous to just
change your model like this. But here's
a fun little story. That is why Tesla is
actually relatively not down as much.
Even though you think 6.5% is brutal,
but if the NASDAQ is down 4.18%,
of course Tesla should be down, if it
just goes with the market with no bad
news, should be down 8.5%,
8.3%.
But JP Mong came out with this Tesla
price target change from what 150 to
475.
Are you kidding me? I mean, I'm all for
it, but that's completely ridiculous.
This is just banking corruption at its
finest. JP Mong didn't pay attention.
Put some very average auto analyst on
this audience like, "Oh, it's only cost.
It's 150 bucks." Then JP Mong said,
"Oops, biggest IPO in history. We are
running the books. Can you please up the
price target? Kick this guy out. Put
another analyst in." Nicks, okay, I get
the mission. Let's make it 475 like all
the other analysts. Ridiculous. But that
JP Morgan is still the biggest bank. So,
that probably helped Tesla's share
price. As I said, you might think I'm
crazy. Uh, asking me, Joe, are you
crazy? How did this help the share
price? But you have to be rational. 6.5%
when the NASDAQ is down 4.18.
This is a disaster. Normally, Tesla
should be down 8. 4%, but it's down 2%
less. So
I don't want to spread hopeium here, but
I think tactically this is just a
breather in the market, which means this
is not a crazy sell-off in my opinion.
You know that I speak very frankly to
you guys. I'm taking extreme risks here
making such a clear statement because I
will look like extreme dummy if we go
down in flames next week, but I just
don't think we will. There's just too
much bullishness on here. This was just
no way out that we take a breather. Was
a pretty brutal breather, but that's
just what we do. Now we are basically
flat for the month. So which means we
are taking a breather since technically
what is this May 7th. So for an entire
month now we are flat. Hopefully that's
enough for the market. It doesn't mean
we have a V-shape recovery even though
we could. But I would say nah, this
selloff is not compelling given the
insane bullishness that we see. Now, why
is next week so tricky then? Why don't I
just say, "Oh, relax. It's going to be
fine." Because we have the SpaceX IPO
and you guys know that I said I'm not
worried about Tesla selling off into
SpaceX, but that doesn't mean because I
think we have enough depth in the
market. We have more than enough
liquidity. This is about $75 billion.
That's not a lot of money. That was a
$2.5 trillion sell-off alone in one day.
But of course, we have to be a little
cautious. We don't know exactly what's
going to happen. And the probability
that SpaceX has some disruptive effect
on the market
is is it's possible. The probability
that SpaceX goes up a lot because it's
the most hyped IPO in history is
possible. The probability that some
Tesla investors when they see SpaceX
going up on Friday maybe get cold feet
with their Tesla shares and sell them
and jump into that is possible. The
reverse is possible. Maybe SpaceX goes
up 20% and people think oh I should also
get Tesla who are SpaceX investor who
knows all I can say is that there is
volatility potential in both directions
and that makes it very tricky. It's a
incredibly difficult or impossible to
predict situation. I would just bake in
volatility. Plus, we saw this extreme
sell off on Friday, which means it's
unclear. Are we going to bounce hard, go
back to 420? Are we going to fall down
to 380,
on Monday, on Tuesday, on Wednesday?
Once that happens, what happens with the
IPO?
So, I think prepare for some volatility
guaranteed in some direction. very
unlikely we just stay at 390.
So this is all happening and then on top
of all of that stuff I think if I made
any mistakes shortterm on my trades I
went in too hard bullish on Tesla.
Why? Because I knew that robo taxi
catalyst if I'm right and they're
happening in June are happening the
second half not in the first half. So
why did I have so much exposure and took
that two week including the SpaceX IPO
of risk? I think that was a little bit
of a mistake. There should have been a
little less aggressive, but it's smart
to be in it slightly leverage in my
opinion. So the question is what do we
do now?
The problem is I think at this point is
there more downside of course, but this
downside would be extremely tactical.
It's completely ridiculous. If you sell
off actually more then it's time to
absolutely double down. My prediction is
this market is absolutely not going to
crash. In my opinion, right now, I think
if we crash, we go up another 10% or
something and then we can crash in
September or something. But this is not
the time to crash. I'm pretty convinced
I'm right about this. So, if that's the
case, we go down more with Tesla, then
it's really time to double down. I think
in general, it's also time to double
down, but not on margin, not leverage
because you have that volatility of of
SpaceX IPO. And the next problem is that
the World Cup is starting this weekend.
And this is our first big big potential
to actually see a cyber cap launch. Of
course, we don't know if it's going to
happen, but we know they have
accumulated all these cyber caps. We
know it's in Dallas. We know in Houston.
We know in Austin. We know the World Cup
has major games in Dallas. It would be
the perfect PR opportunity. Plus,
they're ready. Plus, the Cyber Caps are
already in Dallas. It's not a guarantee
it happens, but I would really not be
surprised if it happens. And if it
happens, I think we can go to 490. I
said it again and again. I think we can
easily go, absolutely easily to 490 in
June. And maybe right now, everyone
thinks this is impossible, but don't
forget this is Tesla. takes exactly
three days. 10% 5% 6% up and you're at
490 in an instant. You can be at 490 if
something happens plus the market
recovering. So you understand why this
is tricky. It's very tricky if you get
too greedy and too leveraged. Can this
thing if things go wrong go to 380, 370,
maybe even 350 if the market actually
keeps selling off? Not even in a crazy
crash, just another 4% down. Yes, we go
to four 350. So if you're on margin and
leverage to the max, you can get
murdered.
But can we also go to 490 in absolutely
no time? Like the Monday after this
Monday, can we be at 490? Absolutely. No
doubt. So there you have it. Now we are
entering into a high volatility
you know big diverging scenario
shortterm options we could end up 10
days from now at 490 or at 350
that is not a normal scenario both
scenarios are really really really
reasonable I would say maybe more 380
and 490 but that's absolutely in the
cards and if this thing goes to 490
and roboaxi doesn't scale fast after the
initial deployment of cyber caps, it's
going to drop back. I also said that
it's going to fall back. Plus, we have
the whole crazy SpaceX situation. So,
June is going to be a little bit
exhausting, and we need to be smart. So,
I think it's important to be long. I
will definitely stay leveraged,
but not to the point where I get killed
if it drops to 350, but to the point
where I can sustain this, even though
it's painful if it happens, because I do
think we have this inflection scenario.
So let's go to the questions quickly
before we jump into SpaceX because I
want to show you guys some work in
progress. But with SpaceX, there's some
very interesting things coming out of
the modeling and we will look at some
news in Pioneer Lens daily. Uh just
going through the news, you know that we
have now very nice
news technology that helps us keep track
of everything. I can also show you a
preview of something extremely cool
uh on Pioneer Lens. Let's see
questions. Let's go from the beginning
before SpaceX.
[sighs]
So, I was a little late.
Guten Arbent love from Norway. Oh, we
have Norwegians who speak German. Guten
Aband
uh have tre. I can only speak a little
Swedish. Hope it's similar in uh Nork.
Uh, please feed me copium. Well, I hope
I hope it was enough copium. A little
bit of copium.
Uh, good morning. Time to double down.
Yeah, I outlined that. I hope.
Blood bath. That was nothing. It was a
It was a one day blood bath on Aztec,
but you're right. On any kind of scale
that was nothing good
where Nav
Cypress Hill 2007 we nine
west failure Tesla will hit 356 then
explode to 534 mark why this is a bold
prediction. Well, if you have to you
have to put some timelines on this
because sure, but without time. Coming
from Queen Creek, Arizona. Where's Queen
Creek? I don't know. Queen I've been to
Tusen and to Phoenix a lot. But Queen
Creek sounds lovely.
I did not have one stock that was in the
green. The first time I've ever had that
happen. Well, Austin for it was a
freaking blood bath,
but uh I've seen much worse. But it was
a surprise blood bath and pretty extreme
for a single day.
I agree the market has to rally. There
is just too much profit with companies
exploding with business. Yes, Austin for
but I wouldn't guarantee it rallies on
Monday. But yeah, we have too much
pressure upwards pressure. This cannot
be a sustained crash, too much profit.
Um,
uh, God, this whole scrolling thing
so annoying.
I agree. The market has to rally.
There's too much. Uh, I stopped selling
to watch this video. I don't know what
that means. Yep. SpaceX. Uh, Cyber Hill.
No one noticed that in the video clip
from Devel, the German news broadcast
about the SpaceX airport. New Glenn was
shown in the background. Yeah, idiots.
We still have time in June to rebound. I
definitely I think there will be a total
rebound. That's what I think. You have
to be cautious, right? You have to be
prepared, but I think so.
Uh
Peewee says same here. Maybe uh people
are raising cash for the IPO. You have
to understand this was not about Tesla.
Tesla actually performed pretty well
even though that's hard to believe at
6.5% negative but it performed pretty
well compared to the market. So this was
a market selloff. It was clearly
widespread profit taking.
Uh we have here strong labor data no
improvements with Iran or hawkish IU. I
I think that's over interpreted by the
way. I think the labor data might have
influenced it. The scare oh we have
labor data. Oh, therefore inflation
might go up. Therefore, the Fed might
hike rates or not
cut. But I I think these are all excuses
to be honest. This was just profit
taking. This happens. You have to look
at the big picture. We had too much of a
freaking rally. Uh I mean, you have to
look at the big picture. Look at NASDAQ.
I mean, look at this. 25%
up the entire market in three months.
That's an insane rally. Is not
sustainable. So there needed to be some
reckoning. Just even in the most bullish
of bull markets, you need pullbacks like
that after 25% in the market in three
months. That's it's insane. So that's
why I'm not too surprised big picture.
Uh you don't need a reason to sell off
like that. You need absolutely no reason
other than it went up too much.
Oh, we have so many comments. Tesla's
bit of two is with the S&amp;P 500, not the
NASDAQ. Look it up, Michael. It's also
with the NASDAQ to my knowledge. Um,
robo taxi 30 unsupervised cars
and we into June. I know. Let's see what
happens. Radio silence on Optimus is
bullish. There was actually some I will
have an uh robot video probably out next
week on figure one. They show very cool
overviews now of all their produced
robots. So there is a lot of stuff
happening and this total silence on
Optimus. I agree. I think it's bullish
but I think Elon's also very distracted.
SpaceX is the biggest operation ever in
history. So this is distracting.
Uh Cyber Hill Dborg a beautiful city.
Just joking not that beautiful but great
people. uh D book in NRV.
Did
put strategy survive?
Did put strategy survive? Oh, put
strategy. Oh, you mean not strategy. The
com not micro strategy. You mean no, of
course not. I needed to close
half of my shortputs position. I got
totally killed, of course. Uh let's not
sugarcoat it. That was pretty bad.
Um but that's why you have to pay
attention if you get out quick enough.
Yeah, I didn't have margin calls but
uh I didn't let it come to that point.
But now the the important question is
what do you do next? So it's always
important to stay out of the margin call
territory and not take that much risk.
Uh, and I know it's very stomach
churning, but if we see the market now
bot bottoming or of course starting to
recover,
it's very hard to see how this selloff
continues unless it just keeps
continuing right on Monday. I think you
never know that could happen. But once
it stops, I think it will stop soon and
it will continue the rally. And that is
very challenging from a Tesla alpha
perspective because what do we do next?
We're going into this crazy phase.
It's very in my opinion from a risk
return from an odds perspective very
important to be long Tesla but you
cannot take margin risk right now
because this is just too much choppiness
risk
um do
merger spacics in a second.
Uh 17 EV says yes what was good copium
thank you and what I was thinking for
myself glad to hear you say though
really yeah I think big picture is this
is not a crash scenario absolutely not a
crash scenario this is absolutely a
profit- taking scenario can it extend
into Monday or next week we can get into
a choppiness thing but I think it will
stop falling very quickly and start like
jumping around and I think it will then
continue the bull run for June that is
what I think I I think bigger crashes
are not even possible as long as
everything goes up so much. I think
we'll get on another crazy run and then
crash again. Maybe a little harder in in
fall.
But who knows? We don't have to like who
cares if Monday continues or not
continues. Monday a V-shaped rally and
then Tuesday contin like who knows? We
are now in a little bit of a breather
situation.
Uh, so what else do we have? I had a
Cyber Cap test vehicle pull up next to
me Friday. Wild
says Wild
Wildcat
Mahon.
Where do you live? Wildcat Mahon, what
state?
Uh I don't see how Tesla will not hit
500 plus knowing a merger is coming and
SpaceX will have major things. Yeah
my strategy and Milhovville says my
strategy was based on Tesla minimum
price 410. So that was main missed bet
for marginal. Yeah if these things
happen you have to readjust while it
happens like that once it falls it can
fall a lot. Hi from London says ACMAC.
Do you think Trump's comment on the
government investing on AI companies
will give us a v recovery to
I mean he's trying I I think if I had to
bet I would say V-shaped recovery is the
most likely
continued selloff
possible
another violent down day I don't think
so I don't think so but can we go
another 1% down or something sure I
think the most likely is a recovery
Vshape and then maybe I think Vshape
recovery is most likely on Monday but
then it's very possible that we take
more breathers go down again on Tuesday
go down again on Wednesday flat line
something like that
Austin suburbs well in Austin is where
the action is
wild cat Mahon so yeah there are lots of
cyber caps around there
okay so I wanted to also comment quickly
on our I promised you a SpaceX model.
This turns out to be a little more
complex because this is just all very
crazy. Uh I can show you where we are at
with this thing. I give you a first
glimpse but don't you know this is
actually very complex. So we have
Starink here. We have launch services,
government defense. We have XAI which is
the digital human human that's where the
most money is the anthropic kind of
model. Then we have earth and space
compute. This is the big compute
buildout. And then we had to we are we
are now fine-tuning the DCF model.
We had to invent a terminal fade
situation. That's what I did today to
actually be more realistic because right
now we're going until 2040. Then it
drops off to the terminal rate which is
only 3% growth which is totally
unrealistic. So now we are building out
basically a 100red-year model that is
unfortunately necessary
um to actually get to realistic
situations. So we are doing this with
support of AI but it needs to be
correct. So don't quote me on anything
yet. Uh this is actually not realistic.
So we have after risk application fair
share price of $196
but this is not the correct price or 221
in 2026.
I am seeing a surprise coming here for
us and that surprise is that I always
thought
uh I had the discussion with CERN. I was
agreeing with CERN but I said it's
slightly overvalued or too not
overvalued but too high at too high at
IPO then will drop and then go up and
that's a lot of people say that but the
more I'm looking into these numbers
the more I think
SpaceX and don't quote me on it we are
not done but I tell you my gut feeling
based on the modeling that we are doing
and the fine-tuned model we are getting
into Now
I think
when I'm modeling this out and once I'm
done I will give you a bigger video but
it's going to be very complicated like
to get there.
I think when I really model this out and
get to the base case of what SpaceX is
actually doing that the very surprising
outcome here,
it doesn't necessarily change my
attitude that I don't want to
participate in the IPO because I think
you will get it cheaper. I think this
intuition of mine is probably right.
But
the discounted cash flow, the enterprise
value, the current present value
might be dramatically
undervalued.
So that's an interesting situation and
surprising to me and I mean
dramatically.
Um
the assumption that led me there, I'm
still modeling this out in some more
detail. Uh so but I can already see
what's going to happen here. I think the
end outcome could be that SpaceX is just
dramatically undervalued at two
trillion. Um,
which is crazy. And so from there we
have to think about it.
Um
and when I look at the story and I mean
undervalued including the risk including
considering the risk the market
opportunity here and the technology and
the mode and the forcing function and
the push forces that push money into
SpaceX as revenue and margins are just
absolutely enormous.
And so I'm getting a little more greedy
about SpaceX even though I don't want to
buy I will only buy my new chairs uh you
know once it's out because I really do
think this thing has to crash at some
point in between but I think it's
dramatically undervalued. I will get you
more numbers soon.
Uh
every tech stock other than Alphabet was
down Friday. Yes. AI has peaked. No, it
well it has peaked for now.
Uh
uh so Mark JMSDLN
says
uh the NASDAQ
the NASDAQ fixed IPO rules. So in the
short term there will be a force feed of
SpaceX and dropping OMI into index
funds. Yes. Even though S&amp;P says they
are not going to include it. So that's
gone.
Uh that's a short-term fix for insiders,
but this will be a put a pin in the AI
balloon before the end of the year while
the three IBO insiders gorge on forced
buys in their shares. While the last
piece is true, but I think AI is
underrated,
the more I'm looking into this,
especially SpaceX.
James says, "I have my SpaceX IPO shares
locked in on Robin Hood." Good. I think
long-term there is no doubt this is
good. Wol Snow, hi Joe. I now own Tesla
shares and I will invest into SpaceX
because no one really can answer where
any of them will go in the next 60 days.
Sure, it's not easy. Uh Camello Baresi,
hi Joe. There's also a major technical
issue on the chart. We are basically at
levels reached November 1st, 2021 below
the subsequent day high of 1414. We
definitely need to break out of this
range. Yes, I think Tesla will be at
1,000 per share at merger. This is how
Elonas is loyalty. Uh I don't think
1,000 per share, but maybe 750.
That's roughly two trillion I think
2.5.
Um,
how did I get to 750?
Three.
It's 2.2 or something. Um, Tesla is
SpaceX proxy. I don't know about that.
We really have to wait until after the
IPO to see what happens. My take is only
Alphabet has AI good enough that they
can eat their own dog food for now a
decade. Everyone else is in a hype cycle
stuck on overpriced Nvidia
infrastructure. They cannot scale. I
disagree with that. I think AI is
absolutely killing it. I use it every
day. Clot design, clot here on
spreadsheets, on finance writing. There
is an absolute explosion of AI value all
over the place. And look at the margins.
The margins are exploding now in more
and more companies. So we will see in
the second half of 2026 and especially
in 2027 absolute profit explosion
because of AI and that is what truly
drives value.
Uh, Mihu says, "It's interesting Trump
reflection about investing into I."
Well, let's see if Trump still has the
magic. Maybe he has
Lambo soon. Well, oh, not for me. I'm
buying Teslas. Um, so that's the
situation.
Uh, the interesting thing about this is
I'm in the middle of it just extending
the model, but it's very simple what the
problem is with the valuation of SpaceX.
the re the inverse problem of what
everyone thinks why I think it's
undervalued if you actually model an
even reasonable approximation towards
enthropic on the XAI side which I think
is very realistic when you look at what
they're doing I think they will surprise
on the upside and how they catch up to
enthropic I think anthropic will grow
like crazy and keep growing like that
because AI is actually highly effective
and then they have on top of that the
compute business and you know What just
happened, right? You know that Google
just made a giant deal. So, let's go to
Pioneer Lens Daily. Uh here's the latest
on Pioneer Lens Daily.
Let's reduce this here.
This a little bigger.
Where's my Pine Lens daily now?
[clears throat]
Here.
uh you know what just happened and then
we wrap it up. Uh here look at this just
look at this crazy story.
See if we have written everything here.
Uh Google to pay SpaceX 920 million
monthly for XI data center compute. This
is just nuts. Out of nowhere, Google
says they're also going to pay 920
million per month for Colossus to
SpaceX. That's on top of the 1.25 25
billion or 1.5 billion per month.
Anthropic pays them. So out of nowhere,
they're making another 12 billion dollar
at super high margins.
Out of nowhere, just like this, and this
is a little bit an indicator what is
going to happen with SpaceX terrestrial
buildout where Elon has the absolute
lead in the world. People forget about
this. They are now a hyperscaler of the
first order. because Elon has figured
out how he builds these data centers
much faster than anyone else and they're
already the biggest or one of the
biggest and they will be the biggest
very soon before satellites. Now on the
satellite side, it is very clear that
they have nailed this. And the
satellites, as I said from the very
beginning, are very easy to build,
right? People got it all wrong. Even
Yensen got it wrong. They all said, "Oh,
it's so complicated. This will be
years." No, the satellites are
effectively done and they will be done
next year and it will be no problem
getting these things
uh actually up and running because
they're actually as Elon said easier
than the Starling satellites which I
don't know if I totally agree but
they're definitely easier for SpaceX to
build than the Starling satellites were
to build in the beginning. And so
what do you do then? then they can shoot
these satellites up and Starship will be
ready which we modeled out. We showed
that it was actually it's actually not
even required for Starship to be
reusable
and then
it's game over. Then you have the
infinite money glitch. Assuming AI
actually keeps working and keeps
improving and I think it will even if it
flatlines there will be massive upside
from here but it won't flatline in
capability. And there you have the whole
situation.
&gt;&gt; We do intend with our the SpaceX AI
satellites uh to allow
people to put whatever GPU or TPU they
want. If if uh Nvidia GPUs can be put on
it, uh Google TPUs can be put on it,
Amazon traniums or or any other chips
that people want to put on uh can be put
on. Um we will also offer our chips in
the future. Uh and I think we also want
to offer our software our AI software as
well in the future. Um but uh but it
will be such that you can run anyone's
AI hardware or software on the the Tesla
AI satellite or SpaceX AI satellites.
Yeah,
[laughter]
&gt;&gt; that was another Freudian slip. It's so
funny. There is like 100% a merger going
to happen. Elon saying
two important things here. First of all,
they will open the satellites up to have
everyone's GPU. They're basically
building a hull. They're building a
scaffold in space. They're building the
ultimate data center of infinite size
for everyone else to put their GPUs in,
plus themselves to put their GPUs in.
I can't even tell you guys how big that
business is. Like, they will suck up the
entire AI buildout into SpaceX.
They will suck up the entire AI built
out of Earth into SpaceX. Let that sink
in.
It's inevitable probably by 2029 or 28
that they will suck up everything
because it's vastly superior as a model.
I modeled it out in November. We will
refine the model of course, but I was
right initially already like I had the
back of the napkin right that this is
just a vastly superior economic model
for all AI data centers that will ever
be built and they will have a monopoly
on 100% of all human data centers. I
mean it's just completely nuts.
Now you also have to understand or at
least model out what the demand will be
for data centers. I
made it very clear I think we will have
30 to 50% growth forever forever on data
centers because there is no limit to the
amount of intelligence you need I don't
know if the actual buildout will be your
50% but it will the equilibrium will be
extremely high above 20% long term
I know it breaks all economic models I
know it breaks all financial models it
breaks everything but the problem is
it's just true once you understand the
nature of intelligence and that there's
of course no limit to the intelligence
demand because it just it's the
equivalent of direct progress in human
value creation. So there will be no end
and now Elon cornered
everything.
It sounds all completely crazy. It's
just exactly what it is the more you
think about it. And the more I model
this out the more I think it's vastly
undervalued SpaceX. That doesn't mean
the stock's not going to crater after
IPO at some point because it's still
faith required or insight when this all
will happen and there will be FUD and
there will be doubt before it really
scales but there is not much lag between
now and when it scales. So it's going to
be pretty wild ride.
Yes, Austin for uh that's why we're
working very hard on the model to
understand how much does this
undervalued. I think it's massively
undervalued and I did not think that
this morning
only after I saw that our model has a
problem that all models have a problem
because there's something broken on the
DCF theory I mean not on the theory but
on how it's being executed when it comes
to SpaceX
way needs more lighter exactly
market is starting to price in Fed rate
hikes which I think is unlikely because
high inflation strong jobs report. Yes,
infinity finite. You're totally right. I
think the market is starting to price it
in, but I think it's an excuse of the
market. They just want to take profit.
And I also but I think you're generally
directionally right. And I think you're
also double right saying it's very
unlikely to happen.
How can they do this when they can't
make the cars work? This is actually a
good question, Neil. Uh you can argue
they can't even make FSD work. It took
so long. How are they going to make this
work? But you have to understand that
this whole AI satellite and launch
business is actually much easier than
FSD. That's the ironic insane thing.
It's just much easier. Not building
Starship, but they have proven, they
have already built Starship already
works. So there is no doubt. They shoot
this thing to space. It did it. The test
flight version 3 delivered the payload.
That's it. It's done. The re the reuse
is actually much less important than
people think.
uh the best driver is basically the
index funds. Well, the problem is that
S&amp;P is not going to include them. So,
that driver is gone. They have some
other index funds, but S&amp;P is not going
to happen this year. So, that's a
glitch. One more reason why I think this
shares are going to drop.
Um, that's a good point, Joe. When it
scales tells me when does anything Elon
is working on starts to scale.
That's actually not true, Neil. Think
about Starink. Starink is absolutely
scaling. It's in full scaling mode.
Look at the numbers. FSD is absolutely
delayed. Optimus will see, but I
wouldn't like you know, count my
chickens, but we're also delayed. But
you have to see Staling is absolutely
scaling. And if Staling can scale, you
Neil, you have to be very critically
thinking about it. You're right that FSD
is totally delayed and no one knows.
Optimus is also delayed. No one knows.
But on the SpaceX side, Starling is
absolutely scaling. And when you then
understand that these AI satellites are
easier than the Starling satellites,
says Elon, I would say they are probably
equivalent. They will scale. They will
scale now.
Uh NASDAQ 100 funds are enormous. I
agree. But of course, S&amp;P 500 funds are
even more enormous. So I yes there will
be index fund inclusions and that will
drive up the share price. I totally
agree but it's going to be less than
half of what was expected
because S&amp;P is not happening. That's all
I'm saying.
Thoughts on proxies like I don't like
proxies because they're not rational
proxies. They're emotional proxies. So
yes they might go up even as space SPCE
of Richard Brans might go up but it's
just not really connected. So, it's
gambling or momentum plays. Sure, they
will go up. They are proxies, but it's
not rational. It's not rationally
connected in my opinion. I It might be,
but uh I rather focus on SpaceX.
We must stop Elon. I'm so tired of all
this winning. Well, definitely not
winning on Friday.
So, that was that. I don't want to make
it too long tonight, but now you know
what I'm thinking.
Uh yeah, I think the other space talks
you might get lucky. They might go up.
They might benefit from these cheaper
orbital launch capabilities, but
Mark says NASDAQ 100 is the force fed
into only. Yeah, I think super
I think super short term there will be
drivers for SpaceX to go up. I agree.
But they will be burned through very
quickly in a month or so and then good
luck. Good luck. I think it will when I
look at all the hype and the index funds
and everything short term I think my
initial prediction that we go up at IPO
and then go down and then go up end of
the year. I think it will go up even
more than I thought now at the IPO and
then drop harder and potentially stay
down longer because the S&amp;P is gone. So
I just do not believe we see a 1.75
trillion IPO go to 2.5 trillion and then
from there go to 10 trillion. That's not
going to happen. We are going to drop in
between and that is when you buy because
I do think this thing is fundamentally
totally undervalued
but from a momentum play it will be
overvalued. Not overvalued it will be
priced too high.
pot asked what percentage Tesla and is
SpaceX merge in the next two years. Joe,
I would say
95%.
Dave Johnson says correct about the
force buying by index funds creating a
floor. Well, I disagree on the floor.
It's going to be a driver up as long as
it happens, but once it's done, it's not
a floor.
The law was one year insiders has
changed it to 15 days. At least SpaceX
has a viable plan and thropping no will
be more force feeding. Yes, I I I think
the exciting thing about SpaceX is it
will just be hyped up and has to drop
tactically in between and that's when
you buy because I think actually SpaceX
is going to the moon.
How many Tesla shareholders are going to
sell Tesla stock to buy SpaceX stock?
Well, who knows? Maybe all of them, but
they were not going to sell all their
shares. They're going to sell a little
bit. And of course, no one wants to
really sell their Tesla shares.
I saw news uh 6 or 11th of J. What?
What's 116?
That ASML and Terrafab will announce
something useful.
Sure. Sure.
So let's see what's going to happen.
These are crazy times. I can tell you
one thing. We are working very hard on
building out Pioneer Lands. Our
analytics team, we have now five people
coming in, students,
but very smart students and they will be
on it and it's going to be very good.
And what I see already is this is
urgently needed. We need to model all
this stuff out because it's going to be
crazy. What's going to happen here is
crazy, guys. We live through the most
interesting time ever. As we speak,
we're also building out our AI systems
for improved publishing and all these
things. You know that we are making a
lot of progress. I show you one last
little feature. You can see it on
Pioneer Lens daily. This is very
experimental. But here, look, we have
breaking on X. Now
look at that. Randy Kirk has the
headline. This reads people's X feeds
that I curate based on what I'm reading
and turns it into actually essays. Look
at this cool stuff. You have to look
check this out. Uh you know
debate in intensifies over Tesla SpaceX
merger mechanics and valuation ratchets.
It's even me included here. I wasn't do
the So we have all these different
people. It accumulates the feeds and
then writes a very nice little essay on
it. Let's see if the essays look good.
Look, we have a real essay here.
Analysts and investors are debating the
mechanics of a potential Tesla SpaceX
merger with stock ratchets provisions
emerging as a central sticking point. I
mentioned the stock ratchet provisions.
How does it even know that? Did it watch
the
How did it do that? Interesting. Blah
blah blah. Joe Bakti contends a ratchet
provision is not optional. without one
game theory alone could sink the deal.
If SpaceX market cap were to fall below
Tesla's, merger approval odds would
collapse and that uncertainty would
damage bullshare price. This is genius.
Look at the writing. This is our magic.
This is our magic system. Now we are
accumulating these news and you can read
it on breaking on X here. It's very very
hot. This is what we are doing in our
free time. We are building the future of
citizen journalism, citizen opinions
with this new breaking on X feature.
This is how it looks like.
Can you even imagine here stalling V3
satellites to deliver 10x bandwidth by
satelliting late 2026? So I married Elon
Musk DC.
I'm looking forward to space hardened
end-to-end neural net optimus.
Yes, zombie stocks. Trump will use
government money if needed to ensure the
success of US AI companies. The Chinese
cannot be allowed to win. Yeah, this
will be rigged all over the place.
So, I think you guys enjoyed that. I
need to run. I have a little
appointment. Uh, but thank you so much
for tuning in and we have a lot to come.
This is an exciting week. I hope not too
exciting on the downside. Let's take a
last look on this freaking blood bath.
Don't be too scared. I do not think this
is sustainable, this little crash. And
then we go from there. And then we have
the IPO and we will be much smarter.
Then we have the World Cup launch and
potentially Cyber Cap launch. So next
week will be a little extreme.
Let's see what happens. I'm ready. We
are going to tackle whatever comes our
way. Okay. Thank you guys so much. Enjoy
your Sunday from Dborg to what was the
creek creek named in Phoenix and in
Arizona from all over the world. And uh
you guys have a beautiful Sunday.
Bye-bye.