Channel:     futureaza
Title:       Roadster & EU FSD Delay, some Ludicrous headlines, & Assorted Nonsense
URL:         https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WKbziTMUgI8
Published:   2026-09-28 00:00 UTC
Fetched:     2026-09-28 18:00 UTC

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Maybe I should unmute. Oh, happy happy
9:28. It is the news. It is that time.
Uh, yes, I'm frazzled. I just did four
plus hours with Dr. know-it-all
streaming Starship launch number 14.
That was a lot of fun. Muted. Muted. Ah,
so yeah. Uh, let's get into the news. If
you're new here, there's a chat on the
screen that, uh, I will be coming back
to at the end. We'll have a chat about
your questions, concerns, all of that.
Uh, so let's just get into the news.
Roadster may be delayed due to bad
weather. Bad weather? That doesn't sound
like a thing. No, it's guys, it's not
because of flight. We're not going to
talk about that. No, it's because it's
an outdoor event and we don't want you
to get rained on. Even though tents
exist. You can just order a tent.
They'll bring it in. They'll bolt it to
the ground if they must anchor it anyh
how they can. No, it's uh happening.
There's a uh looking forward to hosting
you somebody at the event. Yeah, I do
know that uh Drag Times will be there uh
because if if you're going to make a hot
car, you got to invite them. Um and I
don't remember who else. There's just a
handful of people. Uh also, Tesla's
offering up to $1,000 off in China in a
fresh sales push. Who knows? This may
only be through the end of the month. It
may be longerlasting. Uh because uh that
would make sense. Why not? If you do a
sales push like that, you can get some
people in the door. And uh other unlike
a uh permanent discount, like a
permanent price cut, uh this shouldn't
impact the resale negatively. We're
going to have some discussion about what
all this means. Hey, uh do you know this
is going on? Tonedeaf trillionaire
launches $200,000 electric car into sour
US market. Oh my goodness, Tina, you do
some good work typically, but this one
is
not ideal. Suboptimal. As the saying
goes, timing is everything. When would
have been a good time to release a
$200,000 car, Tina? Come on. If Tesla's
if Tesla CEO and on again offagain
trillionaire Elon Musk,
this isn't meant to be a high volume
car. This is meant to be a showpiece.
This is meant to be a tech demonstrator.
You know, BYD
also makes extremely expensive cars. Two
of them in fact, if you include the Yang
Wang U9, which in many markets, Yang
Wang is just BYD. And in some other
markets, uh, Denza gets a lot of BYD
models because they're kind of nicer.
It's very silly. Um, yeah. No, what
people need is an affordable car. That's
always been true. Okay, enough of that.
Hey, did you know that the uh VLA 2.0 is
in testing in Europe? This author, Larry
Evans, who has done a lot of uh autonomy
testing. He's tested VA in China more
than once. Um, and he's tested other
brands as well. Um, he didn't get to
drive it for insurance reasons, but he
got to experience it. And, uh, this is
part one. Part two hadn't come out last
I checked. I've been kind of busy the
last four hours. I don't think it's out.
But they do the same route in Tesla FSD.
But this did very well. Why am I excited
about this? Well, because
the trailblazing. The more companies
that are doing this, the harder it
becomes for Europe to say no. If there's
only one company, it's very easy. Just
tell them no. But if it is the wave of
the future, which it is, you can't
really hold back those floodwaters
forever. Tesla in talks for FSD approval
in Ireland as EU delays the vote. Yes, a
independent research group in Belgium
found that it can't read signs. Oh my
gosh. I'll show that in a second here.
It can't read the the traffic signs.
Maybe it'll go too fast. Well, that's
true. And someone said, "Oh my gosh,
that means they'll never be approved."
No, it doesn't. It doesn't because other
systems also can't read the signs. And
to the people saying LAR, LAR, LiDAR,
Liidar can't read nothing. Um, anyone
who saw that fantastic movie uh Project
Hail Mary knows that with with a uh with
a echol location or LAR. Either one, all
you'll see is a flat object. Lidar can't
even tell if a traffic light has turned
green. Thank you so much uh for the
super chat uh JT7
games. When will I be able to buy a
personal cyber cab? Well, Elon has said
repeatedly by the end of this year, but
Elon says a lot of things. We don't
know. My guess would be it's going to be
at least a year, but potentially three
or never. So, I don't know. I'm very
curious about that, too. I'm working on
a project with uh John from Boltwise
where we're trying to get together a
resource of information for people who
are trying to put together um cyber cab
and robo taxi fleets more generally. So
hopefully that'll get us some answers.
Yeah. Uh Ireland is looking to uh get in
on it. European Union has delayed the
vote on Tesla's FSD to December from
October 6th according to an agenda
published on the EU's website and it's
because they want to gather more
information. Now, I've had people ask
me, you know, why can't why hasn't the
UK approved FSD? Why hasn't California
approved it? Uh not FSD, but robo taxi
in that case. And the answer in both
cases is they haven't applied. In the
UK, they haven't applied for FSD
approval. In California, they haven't
applied for robo taxi approval. They
will when the time is right. They have
very smart people working there who I
have absolute confidence know exactly
what they're doing. So, something to
keep in mind. I did get this text
message just yesterday from uh a
representative at Tesla. Hi, Brian. So,
and so at Tesla, we're offering uh as
low as 1.49, but it's going up tomorrow.
Well, today is tomorrow, and I haven't
heard anything about it going up.
According to my research, it's actually
the 30th that it goes up. If you want
the 1.49% financing, get in on it. Do it
now.
This one for crying out loud. Joe Rogan
says he loves his Tesla, but laments
break dust.
Tesla investors express skepticism.
Brake dust. How hard are you driving
that you're generating any brake dust at
all? Sawyer Merritt of course chimes in.
Yeah. So, I love the tech. I have a
Tesla. I love it. But there's also the
reality of brake dust. There's way more
brake dust with those things. And that's
a big part of particulate pollution that
you get in large cities. Is it?
And uh I think it was Sawyer who said,
"No, no, my friend. It isn't. You have
regenerative braking." Yeah. Merritt
disagreed with Rogan's take. EVs do not
emit more brake dust because you rarely
need to use your brakes in the first
place.
Yeah, one pedal driving. It does the
braking. Joe Rogan,
one of the great scholars of our time, I
guess. Um, hey, when do we think we'll
be able to order our own personal
optimist? A personal one, not for your
business.
I think somebody will be able to order
them next year. Probably not this year,
but next year, 2027, somebody will be
able to order them. You and me, I don't
think it'll be 27. I think 28 would be
the earliest.
So, what that means is take your
vitamins and do some more stretching
because we got to live long enough to
see that future.
EU tariffs push BYD into Hungary with
three more European factories planned.
Chinese EV EV giant BYYD is responding
to Europe's tougher trade rules with
straightforward strategy of making its
vehicles where it intends to sell them.
That expansion could have effects well
beyond the company's internal planning
if BYD can build both cars and batteries
inside Europe,
cheaper cars. Now, they don't get the
same cost efficiencies that they do in
China. It's not maybe, oh, it's huge
subsidies. It's not. It's like 300 bucks
a car. The US subsidies are larger than
that because we have battery and uh both
at the cell level and the pack level
still in full effect. Uh so those make
it uh hard to to uh complain that others
are getting a better deal. You can put
your factory in Hungary. Robots are paid
the same whether they're in China or
Europe. Uh, but having your supply chain
less organized than it would be in China
is a detriment.
But if it's less than the cost of those
tariffs, do it anyway.
GM nears payoff on long-term investment
to source rare earths from the US
instead of China. What? What are you
even talking about? Oh, this was
unlocked before. Now it isn't.
I have 9 million tabs open. It
refreshed. Anyway, uh a magnet factory
here called Independence represents the
Western Hemisphere's biggest bet,
challenging uh China's dominance in the
rare earth metals needed to make motors
for EVs. You see, 90% of the rare earths
that go into those uh very high uh
strength magnets comes from China.
Uh
yeah. So is controlled by China. 95% of
the refining is done in China and 99% of
the finished product, the actual
cintering of them into actual usable
magnets is done in China. So even if you
are digging it up in your country, 95%
chance you're sending it to China for
refining. And even if you're not, 99%
chance you're sending it to them to make
the finished product. That strangle hold
needs to be uh released a little bit.
Tesla did it a different way. The best
rare earth magnet is no rare earth
magnet. Cybercab doesn't use them. So,
but GM is nearing payoff on their
long-term investment.
I find that claim dubious.
Open AAI says AI agents escaped a secure
Sandbark box again last weekend. It's
pausing training for a second time.
Look, I'll save this for when I've got
an expert on who can help me with it,
but this is not good.
I'm not worried that AI will try to
destroy the world. I'm worried that Sam
Alman will try to destroy the world. I
have no confidence in Sam Alman as a CEO
or a human being. So, that's not great.
Hey, uh, interesting. There are still
some people beating the drum for the
donut battery. Don't Don't. They've
given you no reason to believe them and
plenty, endless reasons not to. If
someone lies to you about half the
things and doesn't prove the other half,
I have no reason to think that they're
not lying about those two. But this
article by Christopher Arcus goes in
depth picking out uh some of the claims
made by Zeroth that uh debunked the
donut battery. He doesn't go into all of
them, just the ones that are convenient.
There are still a lot of questions
unanswered and I thought who on earth is
this Christopher Arcus fella um because
you know he makes a lot of claims. Let's
take a look. This is it. This is the
most recent one. Donut battery
vindicated element analysis proves
battery not lithium or sodium. No, it is
not. I've got a whole article about that
coming up in a second. Uh get real.
Zeroth is wrong. Donut Labs battery is
not NMC. Donut Labs reveals amazing test
results. Battery swap. Donut lab
manufacturing is different. Uh will
sodium ion revolution. Donut lab battery
mystery continues. He's all in on donut.
Uh and I'm not saying he is a donut. Uh
but he um sure has sprinkles. So uh the
thing is uh a lot of the claims made by
Zerotham
are not conclusive but the rebuttals
made by Arcus are also not conclusive.
They're worse. So this UK lab found that
only 3.4 parts per million of lithium uh
or sodium were in the battery. It's not
sodium. I think it was zero parts per
million but 3.4 parts per million which
rounds to zero. But doubts persist. And
why why would they? I mean, you you guys
tore it apart.
You know, there's no lithium in it. What
is in it? Oh, don't test that. Don't
don't test. No, don't test that. Okay.
Hey, quick question. Is this battery
that was used in a car? That's not
important. Feels like it's important.
Feels like it's important. Chris Arcus
doesn't think this is important. And the
battery arrived already disassembled,
torn down for analysis. We don't even
know if this is a battery. We just know
it doesn't contain lithium. I can give
you my coffee mug. You can see if it has
any lithium in it. This is not proof.
This has If you've got the holy grail,
you don't hide it. Especially when
you're trying to advertise it, that
makes no sense. Donut Labs disassembled
the sample battery before analysis and
no production vehicle has used the
battery. Come on, man. That's That's not
proof.
Very silly stuff. Uh, hey, you know what
else is pretty silly? Do you know that
3/4ers of UK's popular plug-in hybrid
cars are unable to use DC fast chargers?
You can plug them in at home, get a nice
start to the day, but if you're actually
going to use this as the range beast it
is, you're not going to do it with
electricity. You're going to do it with
pure petroleum, petrol. Uh so that's
something that these manufacturers could
work on because anything over 50
kilowatt uh it won't take it.
Unfortunate. Forget politics. EVs have a
bigger problem. It's an age problem.
It's no longer a leftright issue.
Apparently for years the most visible
divide over the EVs seem to be
political. Just look at all those I
bought this before is crazy bumper
stickers. But the new polling suggests
that the way a person votes may be a far
worse predictor of EV interest than you
think. According to the new uh survey,
um an EV industry group age is a far
bigger factor than political
affiliation.
According to this, it's the boomers. The
boomers don't want EVs. It's crazy. The
boomers I know uh grew up in a what we
now call the retrofuturistic world where
everything was going to be flying cars
but electric, you know, who knows. So
42% said they were not likely to buy an
EV.
It's very frustrating stuff, man. It's
very frustrating.
So where are EVs working? I mean Norway.
They're working in Norway. 98.7°
Fahrenheit is my body temperature, but
98.7% of the market in Norway is EVs.
And here are the top sellers.
Overwhelming majority of Norwegian car
buyers want EVs. And almost no one wants
gas or hybrids.
Nearly 99% of passenger cars were EVs
last month. Just that one month, but for
the year. 98.7. Oh, I guess it is 98.7.
Anyway, so which ones are the most
popular? Well, despite Tesla still being
Norway's bestselling brand for 26 so
far, it dropped to seventh place last
month, they only sold 627.
And that's where I'm going to stop
because um if you don't know how it
works, here's at Pali's uh post about it
on X. This is the deliveries for this
quarter. uh with the red being the Model
Y from Berlin, the yellow being the
Model Y from Shanghai, and the green
being the Model 3 from Shanghai. And you
can see the quarter is backloaded. It's
always backloaded. That's how it works.
Now, it is down from last year because
if you look at uh sales to date in
Europe, oh, actually, no, it's still
over here. It's lower on the page. Let
me see if I can Oh, it's the next slide.
Uh the green represents the second
quarter from 26. The orange represents
the second quarter from this year. And
you can see that it was more in the
middle and this time it's more towards
the end. It may still end up being just
as strong. The author forgot or didn't
know. I'm going to go with didn't know.
But European sales are up. They're just
plain up 43% year-to date compared to
the same period last year.
I don't know how else to frame that.
That's pretty good. What's not as good
is, you know, the general stock
performance. If we look at just today,
down
three and a half, 3.3%.
5 days, not not pretty. One month, I
mean, okay, but not great. What's going
on? H the whole market's flagging today.
That's not great. If we look at SpaceX,
very strange. a very good flight, a very
good result and uh not great. Stock is
down. It was up when the flight was
going and then it just wasn't. Buy the
rumor, sell the news. Success was
already priced in. Who knows? So, some
numbers there for you. Interesting stuff
for sure. Uh don't forget to subscribe
if you haven't already. Support the
mission if you feel like it. You can
leave a super chat like some of the
folks have uh or use any of these
methods. Every bit helps. I am going to
uh
to Ethiopia for most of December. Uh
it's going to be a whole lot of fun. Lot
of electrification stories to be told.
People why why Ethiopia? Because there's
stories there. They banned the import of
gas-powered passenger vehicles in 2024.
Let's find out why. Hey, you remember
this story? flying machines which do not
fly. The op-ed from the New York Times,
October 9th, 1903.
It could take 1 million to 10 million
years for humanity to develop an
operating flying machine. And of course,
69 days later. Nice. The Wright brothers
did precisely that. I only bring that up
because uh in 1920 they had a rerun, not
the same one, but the same philosophy.
ridiculed rocket pioneer Robert Gdard in
an editorial claiming rockets could
never work in the vacuum of space. But
there's no air to push against. And 49
years later, the day after Apollo 11
lifted off of the moon, the paper
printed a three-s sentence correction.
Embarrassing. Embarrassing.
Maybe op-eds couldn't be taken quite so
seriously. Stalantis pauses white collar
hiring
to the surprise of I mean no one, right?
I was explaining to a stranger the other
day that I can predict the future in
limited circumstances. I can tell you
when a product is going to be
discontinued. I can tell you when a
factory is going to close often before
the company itself knows it. Sometimes a
year before the company knows it. This I
think uh a blind child would be able to
detect.
So why are they laying off white collar
workers when they're doing such amazing
fantastic work? They do good stuff you
guys. Stantis patent system for EVs to
eject their own battery packs in case of
danger. Good luck everyone else. I no
longer have a flaming hot battery pack.
New patent describes a system that could
physically detach an overheating battery
pack before thermal runaway turns it
into a much bigger problem for you. Not
so much the other people. They've got a
whole new problem. It's amazing. James
Bond, Batman, Roman Pierce all have one
thing in common. Ejection seats to avoid
danger. Now, Dodge, Jeep, and Chrysler
among others might be interested in
doing it. Now, of course, at the bottom
it says uh that it's hilarious, but it
says uh by the way, this uh comes with a
disclaimer. Doesn't mean production.
We're not going to produce it. Good.
Don't. Um I mentioned this a little bit
last week, but Chevy Bolt and Equinox
top the EVAP rebate claims in Canada for
August. Exciting stuff. Uh we'll see a
lot more Teslas showing up. And
uh this last one here, China plans 12
gawatt hour project to massproduce large
cylindrical sodium ion cells.
Those well that's probably a picture of
4680s.
Can't really tell. Can't really tell.
There's not enough data here, but it
could be. Uh but CBAK plans to build a
giant battery plant making precisely
those things. And I think that's enough
because we got time for one more. The
last one. Joby Aviation completed a
fully autonomous flight from California
to North Carolina. Startups looking to
expand its business beyond electric air
taxi rides in major cities. Autonomous.
Now doesn't mean there's no one in the
aircraft. That'd be that'd be kind of
fun. But no, it was able to do
everything from taxiing, takeoff,
cruising, and landing on its own without
any controls from the onboard safety
pilot. Yeah. Besides a human monitor of
on the aircraft, Joby remotely
supervised the aircraft at its
headquarters in California.
So, autonomy is not a passing fad. It's
coming and it's coming for all the
different market segments. Very exciting
stuff.
All right, guys. Let's get into the Q&amp;A
if I can find that. Here it is. Uh,
thank you to everyone who hung out on
the on the giant enduring live stream
that was done this morning. It was a lot
of fun. Dr. Nodall is a fun guy and we
had some fun chatting. You're muted.
You're muted. Yeah. Yeah.
Uh, tents are for building cars. That's
You know what? That's true. That's true.
Can't do it for a party. I mean, what
kind of weirdo uh gets married inside of
what should be a car factory? You guys,
come on. Good catch, Beach Crow. Thank
you. Um, I really hope that the 1001
event happens. Yeah, I haven't looked at
the weather forecast. I don't know.
Launch coverage was excellent. Thank
you. What was for lunch? Didn't eat it.
I have to do that still. Got to love
those headlines.
when um for cheaper FSD utility trucks.
H uh don't know. Don't know. I think we
have to get to unsupervised first. Hold
me closer, tiny Denza. That's great. I
like that. Model T was an affordable
car. We've been trying to catch up ever
since. Model T came out 2500 bucks.
Sounds like a I mean, it sounds like a
lot for the time. By the time it went
out of production, it was under $500. I
think it was under four. I think it was
3.97. Somebody can fact check me if you
want, but they went the price just kept
going down. It's amazing. Before the end
of the year or Marquez Brownley wins,
right? But that that doesn't mean you
and I can get it. That means someone can
get it. Any one person, you know? It's
like when the Cybert truck came out, but
they only delivered a couple dozen and
it was only to employees and friends and
family of theirs. I don't care. I mean,
it's it's a really weak way to launch
something. I used to record a solo show
uh show solo, and nothing was worse than
learning the mic was off. Yeah, it's not
great.
Uh-huh.
What I love doing is going to a new
slide, but not hitting the share button.
That's frustrating.
Remember about an hour ago when I
accused you of underestimating
humanity's stupidity? Fair. Fair. What
amazes me is when I see someone who is
not Joe Rogan, but when I see someone u
a public figure who is clearly a fraud
and uh people try to use their
information as a citation to me and I
say, "You know how many times they've
been caught in a lie?" And they go,
"Yeah, but maybe this time it's not a
lie. Maybe. No, no, no, no, no, no.
Either you're honest or you're not. If
you're willing to play fast and loose at
the rules, I don't know when to believe
you and it's not my responsibility to
try and figure it out. It looked like
Tesla sales for third quarter are going
to be disappointing. All I've seen is
how great sales look and then I see
this. What's your take?
Well, I don't know what you saw. I know
there are people who I have on my
channel like Randy Kirk who think it's
going to be huge like 400 500 430,000
500 thou I don't remember his number I
think 530 I don't remember but he I have
seen his math and I do not share his
conclusions but I'll be talking with him
later today yeah I'm not done and I will
press him for his numbers and challenge
him so we'll see what happens material
is probable
And finally here, Tesla parking garage
is full of new cars ready for delivery.
They're doing a big push uh here as
well. I don't know if they're trying to
save the quarter or have a
record-breaking quarter, but either way,
very good news. Can't get a Y L until
January. Yeah, but those are just
starting to ramp. You can't get a Model
Y until December. Euro sales great.
Australia sales great. I think sales are
okay.
Yes, Cybertruck has sold very poorly.
Uh, SNX no longer sell.
And Berlin, while ramping, still has a
lot of capacity and Texas has a lot of
capacity. While the delays are large,
they have had uh factory idle time that
has been substantial during this
quarter. So, it'll be interesting to
see. I'll have my numbers
before the end of the quarter. Good
news, boomers. You're on a short fuse
before the keys disappear. Well, I hope
so. I hope I hope I'm going to short
fuse before Mikey's disappear because
my car is better at driving. I mean,
it's really good at paying attention. It
does a lot of things well that humans do
poorly. Uh-huh. I think boomers will
accept FSD as soon as they realize how
much easier it makes their lives. Yeah.
Yeah. All true. How are we doing? Pretty
good. Yeah. Right on schedule.
This boomer is fullon FSD. Yes. But I
need you to tell your friends. I need
you to get out and do the advocacy. I do
it. Uh I mean, obviously the people I
hang out with do it, but you know, we're
crazy. We really are. But we're the same
flavor of crazy, which makes it
acceptable. Feels like they're now
selling the rumor and then selling the
news, too. It does. It does. Ejecting
battery pack. LOL. Indeed. I mean, could
you imagine car in front of you is
having an issue and so it barfs its
battery pack at you that's on fire.
What if there's pedestrians? This is not
ide. And then we'll use the low voltage
battery to hobble you to safety.
That's going to start a fire trying to
run the 400vt system on a 12vt lead
acid. What are you talking about? Yeah.
Did my first cyberc cab ride on
Saturday. Good and bad points. Car is
lovely. The price was high. The pickup
was right near me. Then it crossed the
river. Came back seven minutes later.
Pickup and drop off still a weak point.
Pickup was an odd location. The route it
took was odd. Was avoiding something,
but it's definitely close to go. FSD on
a bicycle or treadmill. I'm going to be
rich.
Kevin, I have bad news for you.
I've seen increasing numbers of cyber
caps in Houston. Looks bullish. I could
see churches and senior centers having
their own cyber cabs to ensure
sufficient transportation for
parishioners. I don't I don't because
they have a weekend surge that is not
that could not justify the midweek uh
low. Uh, I think they would be wise to I
mean buy a bunch, rent them out all
week, put them in the network all week
and then, you know, then have them
available when they need them. But why
use your own at that point? Just grab
someone else's from the network and use
that. It changes the calculus a lot.
Love to see Boring Company merge into
Tesla before Tesla merges to SpaceX.
Why? What for? I don't see any reason
for it. You can be you can be partners
in crime without getting married.
Not everyone needs to get married. Um, I
still have yet to have anyone show me a
benefit that doesn't collapse under the
lightest scrutiny. So, Boring Company
would be a very easy one to absorb, but
I fear that they would go the way of uh,
Solar City. Is that what it's called?
Very tired. I think I I fear that they
would become a nonpriority, which I
think would be a real travesty.
Yeah. Tesla's inst installed two
semi-charging locations in the last nine
years. Who's gonna buy one if you can't
charge it? Are you kidding me? Are you
are is that a joke? I need you to tell
me that's a joke. They've installed more
than that this week. They've installed
four times that this month. What are you
talking about?
What a I mean,
dumb.
Dumb. I'm tired, but that's dumb. All
righty, guys. What did I miss? What did
I miss? Leave it in them comments. Stay
tuned. Stay juicy. And if you're
catching on the replay, you have to tell
me. Everyone else, uh, catch you on the
flippity flop.
Yeah.