Channel:     munrolive
Title:       Tesla Semi Walkaround & Discussion at ACT Expo w/ Dan Priestley
URL:         https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zzfMRBc1zeY
Published:   2026-05-12 12:45 UTC
Fetched:     2026-05-12 14:00 UTC

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Hi everyone. We're uh back at the ACT
Expo. We're actually in the parking lot
here. I'm with Dan Priestley, the
director of engineering for the Tesla
semi-truck. So, we're super excited to
talk about some of the things and, you
know, Dan's going to help us step
through some of the things that maybe we
saw in the public space, but we want to
confirm directly and then just talk
about some of the attributes that make a
Tesla semi-truck a Tesla semi-truck and
talk through some of those differences.
So, Dan, thanks for taking the time and
uh and stepping through some of those
things with us.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, happy to chat.
&gt;&gt; Appreciate it. So, Dan, I know, you
know, one of the things that we' started
talking about offline was the
aerodynamics. is probably one of the
more, you know, stark or obvious things
that you see when you look at the truck.
You know, if you don't, if you've never
worked in the CFD space, you look at it
and you might wonder why it looks that
way. Maybe it's just a design, but maybe
talk a little bit about the the cab
design, the focus on arrow, and the
importance of those things to an
application like this.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, the aerodynamics are key because
it's about 50% of the energy that you
use just to move the truck down the
road. You have to overcome that
aerodynamic drag. And so by making the
truck as aerodynamic as possible to do
the same amount of work, have the same
amount of range, it means you need less
battery to do the job. Less battery is
less cost, it's less mass, and less mass
begets mass. So you get even less mass
for supporting said battery. And so you
really end up in a situation where
aerodynamic improvements have this
massive compounding effect on the
overall efficiency and that's total cost
of ownership of the truck. And achieving
that requires looking at it from the
ground up from day one. Taking a lot of
the lessons that we've had over from the
passenger car side, whether that's
smooth underbody a treatment, really
studying how air flows around the wheels
and tires, spending a lot of time in the
wind tunnel, but then also challenging
some of the ways that traditional trucks
have been designed. One things that
unique on that front is that uh this is
a hard-mounted cab to the frame
structure. So the fully integrated
chassis and the the cab actually work
really well together. This is not an
independently suspended cab. And what
that really does is enables maximum
aerodynamics because you aren't worried
about this compliance between a moving
cab and the fixed panels that are on the
chassis. You can remove those as
potential sources of drag and optimize
your aerodynamics again in the chase of
lowest total cost of ownership.
&gt;&gt; No, it makes perfect sense. And I mean
some of those things are subtle cues,
but if you talk about them all of a
sudden, you know, if you've seen trucks
driving around the road over the road
trucks, you would see that a lot of
these gaps that are maybe belt line or
slightly below. If you look at, you
know, some of the other name plates in
this space, they're large gaps and
they've got sort of this treacherous
looking path near those. And that's to
make up for those dynamic envelopes and
the movements relative from the cab to
the frame.
&gt;&gt; That's right. So at I mean at what point
when when you guys were endeavoring to
design this you know from the arrow
perspective was that a known thing sort
of at the beginning of development it's
like you know what one of the best ways
to get rid of that gap is to go hard
mounted cab or was that along the
development process you're like you know
these gaps are just not great how do we
get rid of that and so you you sort of
you know iterated your way into the
omission of that isolation. Well, there
was another factor here and that is that
in a traditional truck where you have
that forward engine and that long drive
line that runs along the the whole body
length of the truck and then you get to
the rear axle where you have to make
this sharp 90° turn for torque delivery
to get out to the rear wheels. Well,
when you do that, you're invoking a very
serious moment on the total frame of the
vehicle. And if you watch traditional
trucks with that longitudinal drive
line, even if it's electric, you end up
twisting this whole chassis. And that's
not something we wanted to do. One is
those transitions in torque delivery are
inefficient. So again, back to you need
more battery than to do the same job. So
we're chasing efficiency, but also is
that because we like to integrate the
battery structure right in with the rest
of the vehicle structure. We don't want
that whole vehicle twisting. We want to
treat this much more, you could say,
like a unibody,
&gt;&gt; like a unibody,
&gt;&gt; right? So it's much more car-like in
that respect. So the battery structure
and the chassis of the vehicle, the
frame rails and everything associated
with supporting the rest of the vehicle
work together in harmony. So you don't
have these independent entities. So when
you can really lock down the integrated
chassis, what we call the skateboard
with the drivetrain, the battery, the
front subframe, and all of those other
bits, and you integrate that all
together, you can then hard mount
because it's not twisting and shaking
the same way that a traditional truck is
because you don't have that compliance.
&gt;&gt; Totally makes perfect sense. And I think
one of the things you said earlier was
you were talking about the cascading or
knock-on effects of weight begets weight
and costs cost and those things. I think
about the battery pack as one of the
biggest functions of that, right? The
the mass reduction coupled with the aero
improvements that we're making, those
can relate directly to kilowatt hours
that need to be carried by the the
truck. Now, it's a unique scenario on a
truck where the the total mass of the
truck when pulling a trailer, you may
actually want to provision for that. So
like as you were sizing the battery pack
for the specific application, was there
like a realized savings that you got
from the aero efforts and from the mass
efforts or did you have to size the
battery packs to what is really the
total load which includes the trailer?
&gt;&gt; Yeah. So, it's a balance of those
factors and we do actually internally
have a
&gt;&gt; how much a kilogram is worth and how
much a count of drag is worth and if we
can pull that out of the truck, how does
that compound into the value because of
payload a customer could potentially
haul. So, it's a way to help levelize
everything.
&gt;&gt; But when it comes to the practical
implementation of the truck, it's a
balance where you need enough energy to
do the job. You need enough energy on
board to drive the range to slot
directly into a diesel operation from a
time perspective. Y
&gt;&gt; but at the same time if you have too
much battery then you've displaced
payload and you've knocked yourself out
from being compatible with a number of
those operations. So it's about finding
both of those. What's that sweet spot
and I think that we've really landed you
really close to that optimum in the two
different variants of the truck. Here we
have the long range truck. So 500 miles
on a single charge. You're really
starting to see where you're exhausting
drivers hours of service. You coupled
with fast charge, you can slip seat this
thing. So you can slot in operationally
with no dedicated charge time. You're
doing it while the driver is taking a
break. So no time explicitly for
charging. Y
&gt;&gt; and then simultaneously the longrange
truck can haul a 45,000lb payload with a
typical drive van. So you've got both
time par as well as payload par. And
that's really the key. And then for
those that are really mass sensitive,
standard range is a great option. For
those just those don't need that much
energy, standard range is a great
option. So it's about finding that
balance again, maximizing the
efficiency, minimizing TCO, but
ultimately you we're trying to make the
best truck and that means it's got to
fit into all of the operations that we
can both from a time perspective as well
as an energy and uh miles perspective.
&gt;&gt; That totally makes sense. You know, I I
would I would want to get to the back
and talk about some of the battery
integration and and what we're seeing on
the chassis of the vehicle, but maybe as
we walk back there, I'd want to
understand, you know, as we look at the
other competitors in the space that have
tried to launch electric semi-truckss or
are talking about it or have done, you
know, maybe it's not a full-blown
semi-truck, but they're heavy duty
applications. A lot of them have not
been successful in those endeavors. And
and I attribute that to a couple things.
You know, one, it's a it's a tough
industry. It's a tough space period. But
two, they a lot of those companies that
tried to do that and didn't do well
didn't have I'll say the the tenure in
industry and all the experience that a
company like Tesla has, you know, I
mean, how much of an advantage from your
view was it taking all those things
from, you know, the S, the X, the model,
you know, the Model Y, the the all these
battery pack integrations, all these
structural integrations, you know, was
that a huge contributor or did you have
to rethink a lot of that because the
application is so different?
I'd say it's a bit of a mix, but for the
most part, you are absolutely right that
we've benefited hugely from the
experience and success that the light
duty side of the business has had.
Absolutely. And that comes from whether
it's a design ethos of challenging all
of the specifications like the best part
is no part integrating those structures
really challenging that uh you know from
day one on the truck design you know but
it's also even today leveraging
componentry. So you know the drive
inverter and stator are shared from
Cybertruck. Y
&gt;&gt; the uh you know HVAC compressor is
actually shared with CyberCap. So the
upcoming product uh there's light
modules are shared from other vehicles
as well. We tried to pull in I mean the
screens you just start picking apart
these parts and those are key enablers
both for reliability and cost. So it
really enables us to have a successful
product because those are two very
important things in the semi-truck
space. That's not to say that we haven't
thought about things a little
differently.
&gt;&gt; And you know, structurally, there are
problems to solve on the truck that you
don't have to solve on the car side.
&gt;&gt; Sure.
&gt;&gt; For example, I mean, we are still about
only a quarter of the combination
weight. Your vehicle dynamics are
largely dominated by the trailer, which
we don't have, but that you're carrying.
&gt;&gt; Yep.
&gt;&gt; And so, how does that play into the
structures of the vehicle? How does that
play into the vehicle dynamics? That's a
lot of learning that was new and bespoke
for semi but you know we still
understood at the end of the day how to
make an effective electric vehicle in
that from all the learnings that we had
on the light duty side. Yeah, there is
this I would imagine there's a strange
function in this particular application
where this lowest common denominator of
having this huge trailer with this
payload is driving a lot of the
structures that we're seeing where you
know in the passenger car even if it's
got a towing capacity like a cybert
truck or or something like that. You
know the I think the phrase comes to
mind in this case it's literally like
the tail wagging the dog to a degree you
know with a mass of of that capacity. So
um that makes sense. Dan, you know, look
at looking at the back, is there is
there anything that you would want to
talk about on the architecture side that
you know you think is particularly um
impactful or unique here? And then maybe
beyond that, we could talk a bit about
total cost of ownership.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, I mean I think right away you'll
notice that we have that e- axle. So
again, we're not doing this longitudinal
drive line. We have directly mounted
motors on the drive axle and we have uh
two different styles. The first the four
axle or the mid axle really is our
torque axle. So it's got uh two motors
that are independently driven one to
each wheel and that is designed for high
power events. So those are the takeoffs,
those are your high-grade overtake
applications and then the rear axle is
the efficiency axle.
&gt;&gt; These two axles are geared differently
but then underneath share a lot of the
same components. So they share oil
pumps, they share rotor stator and
inverter all the same in every position.
So that's where that scale really helps.
So we're not bespoke making uh those
expensive components if you're trying to
do them individually. We are trying to
commonize across platform as well as
within the vehicle itself. So, uh, you
know, the twin axle setup here really
gives an operator all the benefits of a
6x4 in terms of maximum traction,
torque, and power to do the job while
also then all of the efficiency of a
6x2. Because at highway speed, when
you're on, you know, cruise and you're,
you know, not encountering large hills,
that torque axle disconnects, wheels
still spin, but there's no windage
losses. There's nothing internally
spinning. And so, that's what unlocks a
really great highway efficiency.
&gt;&gt; Totally. It it makes me think of, you
know, I think some of the Tesla models
and and other OEMs as well have
deployed, you know, for like a rear
traction motor, it'd be a PM machine and
then the front they'd be an induction
machine so that there weren't coging
losses if you wanted to go up to
cruising speed. But when you need the
torque and when you need the power
delivery, you can trigger that. So,
similar concept, slightly different
application in this instance.
&gt;&gt; Yep.
&gt;&gt; Makes perfect sense. Dan, from the, you
know, total cost of ownership piece of
this. This is this is something that,
you know, it's it's such a unique
application. It's a bold move taking an
electric vehicle into a space that has
obviously been for the past 100 years
dominated by the, you know, the diesel
truck application. How how is Tesla
looking at considering messaging the
total cost of ownership benefit? And and
I mean maybe down to like a driver if if
a driver was sitting with us or maybe
it's a fleet owner operator type of
person like how how are we expressing
the total cost of ownership advantage to
something like this versus the next
diesel partner down the road?
&gt;&gt; Yeah. I mean I think there's a few
things uh to touch on that point. I mean
one is on the TCO piece. Yeah. That's
the underlying success for everybody
because if you're have a successful
business, you've got a lower total cost
of ownership. That means that you're
going to be able to provide freight for
cheaper. So truck carrier wins, driver
wins, those that you're hauling freight
for win. That's the best scenario. And
so you really that has again become our
ethos is chasing total cost of
ownership. Now like how that applies
different parties like we still have to
solve for all of them. We sometimes say
that the the three customers that matter
are the driver, the fleet owner, and
then the shipper who's providing the
goods. And you have to make something
that works for all three. If you make
something that doesn't, it's not going
to be an acceptable product. And so, you
know, with that, even though we aim for
total cost, that doesn't mean that we're
trying to make a bad experience. On the
driver's side, we've made it very
comfortable. We've brought over, you
know, an in-house seat architecture I
think is going to uh drivers are really
going to love. And then on the fleet
manager side, we've brought over the
reliability, you know, the things that,
you know, make Tesla uh and EVs great.
We brought over that reliability,
something they can count on day in day
out. And then from a shipper
perspective, again, it's just the like
lowest total cost energy throughput that
lowers their shipping cost. So overall,
we've really tried to tackle that on
multiple fronts and ensure each one of
those key partners in the space is taken
care of.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, makes makes perfect sense from
from a charging infrastructure
perspective, you know, both on the
vehicle side as well as, you know, the
hard infrastructure side of it, you
know, this is Tesla's quickest charging
product that's in the marketplace today,
you know. So megawatt, you know, plus
charging units, right, that Tesla is
now, you know, engineering and and and
launching and doing all of those things.
You know, what what is the you know, are
there any concerns right now with
launching a product like this and having
those chargers stood up in time and like
this this this sort of ven diagram of
all these these attributes and you know
the the three personas or customers that
you articulated and getting the
infrastructure in place in time like how
how is that from your view sort of
shaping up recently?
&gt;&gt; I mean the charging is progressing
really well. We've got about 50
different sites that are in some stage
of work. I mean, some of them are still
in design and phasing, but we are like
actively working on a bunch with some
actually opening here within the next
month or two. And so, we're going to be
in a position that as trucks you really
start to roll off the line, they will
have charging available because we
recognize right now it doesn't matter if
it's public or it's private.
&gt;&gt; Whatever truck that we build, charging
has to already be in existence in that
location. Yep. So we have to really
match charging with every truck that we
deliver. And so we're laser focused on
right now making sure that those
customers are going to have something
that works for them on day one. So a
charging solution needs to be
identified. And you know we've been
working really closely and leveraging
all of that experience that we have on
the light duty side. I mean at this
point the supercharger team has deployed
more than 80,000 DC fast charging posts
worldwide and they work closely with all
the utilities and so they understand the
process to go and deploy the charging
that we need at the scale, at the speed,
and work closely with utilities, all of
our customer partners, and anybody else
in order to get that on time so that the
truck can hit the ground running day
one.
&gt;&gt; It makes a lot of sense. I think you
have to cater to the partners, you know,
your prospective customers for something
like this, you know, but that tailored
approach of saying, "Here's a truck,
here's the infrastructure that goes with
it." And we're tailoring how we build
out that infrastructure relative to, you
know, the markets of destination and
where these vehicles are going and
making sure that we're not selling
trucks in in areas where we can't go and
do the charging. That's encouraging to
hear.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. And also on the charging point is
that now we've announced you know people
can go and buy on you know online our uh
charging cabinet both for the fast
charging so the V4 with 1.2 megawatt
capability or what we call the base
charger the 125 kowatt charger because
depending on your operation one might
work better than the other and so this
is a great chance for whether it's folks
deploying charging at their own site or
other parties that want to get into the
charging game itself. It provides a
unique opportunity uh you know for folks
now to get that full spec sheet priced
right up front, see it online and you
know run with it on their own.
&gt;&gt; That's fantastic. Well Dan, I know uh we
we talked with the team offline. We want
to get out to the site. We want to walk
through the manufacturing facility,
maybe dive into some more of the
architecture, which you know I know for
the folks on the Monroe Live uh channel,
they'd love to dive into. I personally
want to dive into it. We we appreciate
you taking the time and we're excited
about what you guys are doing.
&gt;&gt; Well, this is great. Happy to chat.
We're really excited. Uh, and yeah, we'd
love to have you out and have a chance
to do a tech deep dive at some point
because there's a lot of amazing
engineering work that went into this.
And you know, it's not going to stop.
We've got plenty of improvements planned
to come down the pipe, but uh, overall
uh, Tesla's done a great job and I'm
super excited to get this into high
volume.
&gt;&gt; Totally. Awesome. Thanks, Dan.
Appreciate the time.
&gt;&gt; Thanks so much. Take care. Thank you.
Thanks, everyone.