Channel:     futureaza
Title:       Tesla's Mystery Vehicle Just Appeared In Fremont
URL:         https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LV100iYu6rc
Published:   2026-06-03 12:00 UTC
Fetched:     2026-06-03 13:00 UTC

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

There's some new footage out of Fremont
and we're seeing a new vehicle testing
Servants Life, formerly Met God in
Wilderness. He's actually still running
both channels. Uh has speculated maybe
this is the Model Q. It isn't, but we're
going to get into what it might be
because we have a theory or two and uh
some more footage to show from there.
We've got some other stories we're going
to get into, including uh Canadian uh
import allocations of Chinese vehicles.
Yeah, they're already 10% used up by one
company. Which could it be? You'll have
to stick around to find out because
there's literally no way of knowing,
especially when I got Mark as my special
guest from the Tesla Life. Uh it is a
great show every Wednesday at at 4
Pacific, 7 Eastern live. You can jump in
the chat. They almost always have time
to answer the questions. It's wonderful.
So, let's get into all that and answers
to last week's comments and questions.
I'm Brian. Welcome to Futurazza.
&gt;&gt; So, for those who don't know, uh, we do
a segment called Wrong Answers Only. We
will be getting into your wrong answers
only. The question is, how on earth
could Ford actually make a pickup truck
for less than $30,000, an electric one
at that? And we have some wrong answers.
Some of them veer dangerously close to
right answers. Uh last time Mark and I
will tell you this because uh this is
saying it's only in in just two days,
but it's actually less than two days. Uh
because this video comes out on
Wednesday, so I guess uh Thursday,
Friday, so it is two daysish. Uh the
whole thing kicks off Friday with a
light show and a VIP meet and greet.
Tickets still on sale for that. It's
going to be a lot of fun. And then uh we
get into speaker panels and all that for
Saturday. You got to join us if you're
anywhere near Moskegan, Michigan. Come
on out to Heritage Landing June 5th and
6th. We're going to have a little bit of
fun. Don't worry. Uh, next week I start
promoting different stuff that I'm going
to,
including a play.
That'll be fun. That'll be fun. Hey, uh,
did you know did you know we've got new
footage? I'm sure you did. I'm gonna
&gt;&gt; Indeed. Good to have some new footage.
&gt;&gt; It is. Uh, so what we've got here, you
know, the test track. No big deal.
Although, uh, he was hasty to point out
that this car here looks a little
different from other cars. Can't really
tell from this shot, but it might be
dressed up in camo. As we get around the
track, we get a better look. This is the
one dressed up in camo. There you go.
That What's that?
H why?
&gt;&gt; That is something because the um the
back quarter with the uh chrome look uh
that doesn't relate to anything that we
know that's been made. So, they're
definitely dressing this car up.
&gt;&gt; Well, I think that is just the underside
of the wrap that they put over it for
camo. This is uh this is from what I can
see a Model Y L.
So this is I I when Elon said last year
we'll see it at the end of of 26 if at
all. I said well uh he said we might see
it at the end of 26 if at all. A lot of
people latched on to the if at all and
said it's never coming. I said no no no
might is the critical word. It could
come at any time. This car has proved
very popular in every market where it's
been released. Uh, I think it would be
truly insane to not have it for sale. In
the US, I said we would see it in the
first half and over and over we have. So
whether it goes on sale imminently
remains to be seen.
&gt;&gt; Uh, thoughts on the Y, Mark? Who would
want it? I I I think that um there's
bent up demand for this car because of
course the the Y and its current
configuration in North America is a bit
short when it comes to putting three
rows in. There's really not a full back
seat for leg room. Um you got kids uh
you can manage, but if it's uh if those
kids get uh turned into uh adolescence
and adults, it's just not going to work.
So, um, having a car that's got an extra
stretch to it is definitely a something
that that people want.
&gt;&gt; Kyle Connor is 6'2. He got in the front
seat, the second row, and the third row
without changing the placement of the
seats to show that at 6'2, he fits in
all three rows. Uh the third row of
course is never going to be as spacious
as the first row. Uh but uh adults can
still travel in it in ways that I can
assure you they do not in the Model Y
that has a third row. I have one of
those. It is tight back there. If you're
under 5'4, 5'5, you can make do. It's
not too bad, but uh much over that it
gets real tight. Uh
did give a like on this video and it's
fun. I think it's an automotive like.
Look at that little wheel there. Uh you
can like this video as well. You can go
over to Mark's channel and like all of
those videos. All of them. Uh, so we're
seeing some more stuff here. Uh, maybe
this is going to be charging. Look at
the way it's uh weirdly spaced out. I
don't understand the thinking. Uh, but
&gt;&gt; okay.
&gt;&gt; Those do look like conduit lines, don't
they?
&gt;&gt; Well, they really do. And they lead to a
cabinet. So,
&gt;&gt; and next to the cabinet is a large
transformer box. So, I don't know, man.
&gt;&gt; It's looking pretty much like charging.
&gt;&gt; It's looking a bit like that. Let's see
here. If we need to cover something
else, it's got to be this.
&gt;&gt; What's that message for, Brian?
&gt;&gt; It's It's the subtlest I am capable of
being today. Uh, subscribe, like, all
those things cost you no money. If you
want to help out the channel, uh, there
are ways you can do that in the
description. That'd be great. Would
really help out. I'm trying to uh do
some international trips later this
year. Uh I'm not sure I can swing it,
but I'll try. So, we've got this. Tesla
claims 10% of Canada's Chinese EV import
quota. Spoiler alert. It's Canada, Mark.
I don't know if you picked up on that
from my intro,
&gt;&gt; but it is Canada. What's going on here?
Well, with the uh ability to import a
set amount of vehicles from China, Tesla
has jumped out in front and uh grabbed a
big allocation of vehicles uh coming out
of China for the first um section uh the
first time section which of course is a
half year uh for 2026.
Uh and they were able to uh grab a
number of those spots because they were
ready. They had experience in shipping
those vehicles. There was no
certification that had to happen. The
vehicles just arrived and could be sold.
And I now uh have heard from many people
out there on the interwebs that a number
of these cars are sitting in different
dealer lot dealer uh Tesla dealer lots
that they have set up for these cars
specifically in large cities. Ottawa,
Toronto, Montreal. These cars are
sitting and they're going to be moving
into people's hands shortly. Canada
struck a deal in January to replace a
punishing 100% sir tax on Chinese-made
EVs with a structured quota system.
We've had people say, "Well, why does
each manufacturer need to apply? Just
bring them in." Uh because uh companies
don't want to put them on a boat if they
find out it gets to the destination and
they can't offload them without paying a
punitive amount of taxes. They want to
get it approved before they bring it in.
Uh it's just kind of how I assume how it
works all the time. Uh so uh exciting.
Uh Nissan is looking to jump in with
their Chinese-made EVs. That's a real
opportunity because they already have
showrooms. BYD and others are expected
to have showrooms open by the end of the
year across the country, which would
then presumably also be service centers.
So that's all possible. And then we've
got uh this little bit of fun. Every
week we do a thing called wrong answers
only. We have two real questions but
we'll get to the wrong answers only uh
after those uh because it's a lot of fun
and I know this video seems very short
only 9 minutes 9 and a half. Uh guys
that's the information part. This is the
fun part where we answer your questions
and again we asked Ford. We'll get to
that, but first we're gonna say uh this
is that part of the show where we answer
your questions.
So, that's what we do there. Uh
sometimes I forget to do it and then we
lose our infinite chain of Brian and
Marks, which is, you know, tragic.
&gt;&gt; That's a sad thing.
&gt;&gt; It's so sad. So sad. It It breaks my
heart. Makes me real sad. I love that
every week it shows that I have nine
messages. I do not. I probably have
9,000. Uh, but apparently it doesn't
count past that. So, what we've got
going on here is a a serious question
from Tom. He wants to know, and by the
way, uh, Tom will be uh, looking forward
to meeting you. Let's just say that.
He'll be in Michigan. Sorry, but does it
have a clutch or not? And, you know, I'm
not really revealing his identity
because this isn't a real name and you
won't be able to recognize him from that
picture. Does it have a clutch or not?
The poster suggests it didn't. Same for
the Marquee. Uh, it's too hot currently
for May. Okay. But does it have a
clutch? The answer is yes, but it's not
a friction clutch. Uh, the clutch is
just I mean, does it have a intermediary
between the gears and the other gears?
I I don't have an answer to that. Uh, do
you have an answer to that? Yeah. So,
unfortunately, that's the best
information we have. If I get access to
someone who would know, of whom there's
probably only a few dozen, but you never
know, I will ask them that question.
5 years ago, I said Tesla was 10 years
ahead of every other auto legacy maker,
uh, legacy automaker. It's 5 years
later. Tesla's still 10 years ahead.
Now, I'm going to say I don't think
they're 10 years ahead. They're ahead
for sure. But the problem with the other
guys is they come out with a pretty good
first car up, slightly better second
car, and then go, "Bo, this is too much
work." You can't you can't quit. If you
quit halfway through churning the
butter, what you have is whipped uh
butter milk. It's still milk, guys. So,
uh what are you thinking on this? Are
they
&gt;&gt; I think that's I think that's the
problem. is the stop and starts that uh
these other automakers have tried to put
something together. They've been
successful with launching a version one,
but we all know that you don't want to
be ending at version one. You want a
version two or version three. And if you
stop, guess what? After a year or two,
you have to go back to the beginning and
start again with your first version.
&gt;&gt; You kind of do. You kind of do
&gt;&gt; because everything else has moved on. If
you were an automobile manufacturer and
you after your first or second one said,
"You know what? We're going to go back
to making carriages, uh, you would fall
behind, uh, drastically. And the reality
is if Tesla's moving into an autonomous
world, you're definitely 10 years behind
because you can't, as much as Nvidia
would like you to believe you can just
plug it in and away you go, that's not
how it works." Uh, so now we get into
wrong answers only. Uh, I don't know
yet. We will get to it at the end. We
will ask you a wrong answers only
question for this episode to be
determined and we'll both think on that.
But, uh, let's see here. Uh, the one of
the answers to the question, how can
Ford make a a vehicle under 30,000? Five
ways says Indigenous Earthling. $25,000
delivery charge.
That's good. Mandatory mobility as a
service subscription. $100 per drive.
&gt;&gt; Per drive. Wow.
&gt;&gt; Well, you got to make your money back,
Mark. Vehicle made entirely out of cheap
plastic. So, it's like recycled plastic
that no longer has as long of carbon
chains. It doesn't really hold up. Uh,
convict leasing.
&gt;&gt; I I don't
&gt;&gt; Where does that How does that fit in?
&gt;&gt; I don't know what that means. Very
curious. pedal assist or step assist as
depicted in the 1960s documentary
animated series The Flintstones.
&gt;&gt; I like I like that last one. Yeah. If if
you just have a car that you pedal with
your feet and use your feet for
breaking, it's going to be cheaper.
&gt;&gt; Well, how can you call it an electric
car? Cuz it still has headlights.
Yeah, we didn't say it was electric
propelled.
Wrong answer only. Snips and snails and
puppy dog tails held together with
unicorn glue.
&gt;&gt; Ah, exactly. Yep.
&gt;&gt; Better plan than what Ford has cooking,
I suspect. Uh, it costs Ford 30K because
h that's how much they spent concocting
the lie that they're by their BS
marketing department. Yeah, we didn't
spend 30 to sell you a truck. 30 is just
marketing Apple.
&gt;&gt; So, stick with it. That's all they can
do. Yeah. Right. Right. Because look at
other leading electric vehicle
manufacturers in the west. 30,000 is a
real tough tough ask for any form
factor. And trucks need to be a little
more rugged than a base model Nissan
Leaf. I suspect when the real price
comes out, the best truck will be no
truck.
&gt;&gt; Yep.
&gt;&gt; Now we've seen that play out before.
Exactly.
&gt;&gt; Uhhuh. Apologies to a whole bunch of
people who made this exact joke. Uh that
this one popped up before yours. They're
all good. They're all good jokes. The
same joke. It's all good. U and there
are some repeats uh of it that are
slightly different, but for 30,000 you
get a loot box with assorted quality
truck parts. Uh yeah, one out of every
three has a battery and most contain at
least one motor.
Yeah, just don't include all those.
&gt;&gt; It's like the trading cards, right? You
get you get a box and you say, "I'm
missing this. I'm missing that. Who's
got a motor? Who's got a battery?"
&gt;&gt; The motors are the shinies. You really
want those. Uh but of course, the
scalpers are there clear cleaning out
the machines every time as soon as
they're full. Wouldn't it be easier for
the Pokemon Company to just meet the
scalpers in the parking lot and do it
like a drug deal out there?
We have one of those machines in every
store in town and they're all empty all
the time.
It's very weird business. Uh the
platform is 30k batteries not included.
Whole bunch of this one as well.
&gt;&gt; So I get it. Frame, motors, batteries.
If you want something else that drives,
that's an add-on. So this one says at
least you're getting a skateboard with
with a structure. But but glass, I don't
know. glass feels kind of hoidy toy.
Based on that printed model, the
mosquito netting they're going to velcro
onto the 100% recycled plastic frame
instead of doors will really save a lot
of money. And you don't need windows
either. So, no window open and close
mechanisms, no door locking mechanisms,
just mosquito net and velcro.
&gt;&gt; Uh, that's where you save money. Yep.
This this person must be a accountant.
Uh, Joe must be a genius because if all
I'm selling is the drivetrain and the
frame. I mean, it kind of goes, but I
didn't do any windows or doors or paint,
you might get it to 30,000.
&gt;&gt; I I got to be honest, I don't hate it.
Seems pretty clear their goal is going
to be the best Ford is no Ford.
&gt;&gt; Ah, yes. So many of us play in the
advertisement. Yep.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. The 3D printed model gives away a
lot of secrets. Doors and windscreens.
It's all expensive. Yeah. Um, EVs
got us pretty good this week. How will
they make a $30,000 truck, Mark? They'll
find them on the roadside dead. They'll
fudge over and rebuild a Dodge. Oh. Uh,
cuz get it. You know the Ford Yep.
initialisms there. Uh, or they will hire
a bunch of Tesla people, which they did,
and copy Tesla's formula, but make a
normal looking truck and lose money on
every unit.
I think you're right. So,
&gt;&gt; way too close to the truth.
&gt;&gt; Unfortunately, we have to disqualify
you.
Uh, and that is the reality. They're
going to sell them for 30,000
$2 bills.
Oh, yeah. All of a sudden, you had a
$60,000 truck, but you didn't have to
advertise it that way.
&gt;&gt; No, it was 30,000
$2 bills. At least it's not $30,5
bills. We've seen quite a few of those
come out. Wrong answer about Ford. They
named their new vehicles by their new
subbrand, Beyond Your Dreams.
&gt;&gt; Oh, yes, indeed. Yep. They would love to
&gt;&gt; have somebody else manufacture them and
you just bring them in.
&gt;&gt; They would love to do that. Oh, but they
created these protectionist laws that
prohibit that sort of behavior. They
could partner up with a Chinese firm to
build a new factory in a joint venture
in the US the way GM did with Toyota at
the NUMI plant in Fremont back in the
80s. Will they? I mean, maybe. Maybe.
Wrong answer. Ford truck with a 4 foot
wheelbase, 20 mph top speed. Sweet
looking golf cart.
&gt;&gt; Exactly. You just get just get those uh
go to a a golf uh course that has some
extra carts available. Buy a buy them
up.
&gt;&gt; Heck yeah. Heck yeah. Buy them up. No,
they'll build them from scratch. That's
why they're 30,000 and not 14.
Ford is using leftover parts to build
smaller trucks cheaper. What do we got
in the bin? Check the bin.
&gt;&gt; This This might be a stretch.
&gt;&gt; It's a wrong answer, Mark. It qualifies.
I can't believe I have to explain the
premise on this show.
&gt;&gt; I don't know. I don't know, man. They're
rebadging a Renault pickup. They're
going to leave the ice engine in and
just put in a bigger battery to spin the
starter while jammed in gear.
&gt;&gt; Ah, okay. That's That would be a fun
ride. Yep.
&gt;&gt; That would be memorable. We built the
most memorable EV this side of the luche
from our good friends at Ferrari. I did
see some people saying, "How dare you go
to that?" Not me. Not me. I didn't go to
the event. How dare you people who cover
EVs go there and actually say nice
things about it. And they said, "Well,
because the styling is up to you. You
don't have to like it. You're probably
not the customer they're looking for
anyway, but I'm here to cover whatever
it is that's different, and I'm covering
that." And my response to that is, if
Ferrari invites me to an event, I'm
going to an event. So, don't be don't be
mad at the don't please don't shoot the
messenger. I know this is the old US of
A where guns are part of what we do, but
let's not shoot any more messengers if
possible.
&gt;&gt; Wrong answer. Charge 30% compounding
interest with a $100,000 early payoff
fee.
&gt;&gt; Ah, yes. That's
&gt;&gt; Yeah, that's how
&gt;&gt; those are economics that work.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Yeah. Wrong answer only. I'm
sorry, Rob. Ford's going to just lose
115,000 per truck.
&gt;&gt; I'm sorry, Rob. possibility, too. That's
too right, though. That's That's right
on the money.
&gt;&gt; That's right on the money. Specifically,
115,000.
I'm sorry, your answer is disqualified.
Uh, we've got two really good guesses
here. Cut the truck in half.
Reduces the price and complexity.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, they didn't say you're going to
sell you a full truck. They said they're
going to sell you a truck. So,
&gt;&gt; a truck is a vehicle with wheels and a
bed for doing truck stuff. It doesn't
specify how many, Mark. I've seen trucks
that have
&gt;&gt; down the middle from the front all the
way through the cab and into the the uh
flat part of the truck just split in
half.
&gt;&gt; Well, that must be a Canadian thing
because Comuk suggested exactly that.
It's a two- wheeled pickup truck
motorcycle.
So, I don't know. Maybe it's something
in the water. Uh
&gt;&gt; could be. Could be.
&gt;&gt; Makes it happen. Uh, when was the last
time Ford was able to produce a
profitable $30,000 truck?
&gt;&gt; That is an excellent question.
&gt;&gt; Do you have a guess?
&gt;&gt; I would say that you would have to look
back to the year, let's go, uh, 1980
even.
&gt;&gt; It's not quite that far. So if you look
if you include the Maverick base which
had a limited time introductory price
which they have since escalated
dramatically in 22 it's technically
started at 22 to 20 20 to 22. Uh but by
now it has uh now it's uh it's still
under it was under 30 for most of 23 and
2425.
By 2526 it's just over for many
configurations but the F-150
uh pre205
and that would be the the work edition
one. So uh more than 11 years ago
&gt;&gt; we have had a huge escalation of pricing
over the past 11 years. Yeah, inflation
is a little bit problematic at the
moment. Ranger midsize even still, uh,
you know, 30,000 in recent years around
in the 30s, but
an electric drivetrain is more expensive
than putting in another one of those
little motors that you've built a ton
of. Uh, we got two answers here on wrong
answer only. They'll rebadge the slate
and sell them as Ford tough
mentions. See you next Friday.
&gt;&gt; And my concern, I apologize, Joe, that I
did not get you the heart on that one.
That's my fault. I thought I did. The
problem is we don't know what the
slate's price is going to be. We'll find
out in a few weeks. I suspect that like
all manufacturers, the first edition
will have some fancy name as an excuse
to charge more to early adopters. I
think the early ones out the door are
going to be pricier. They're going to be
more premium because that's what you
have to do or you will lose your shirt
while you're ramping. And I am not
convinced they can get
to 30,000. It's going to take a lot of
volume. There are a lot of people who
will not be happy with a truck with a
battery as small as that because your 0
to 100 charging time gets significant.
your 20 to 80 remains reasonable, but 20
to 60% of a battery that only goes 150
miles, 200 miles, you're not talking
about a lot of utility. I'm concerned
we'll find out. I'm cautiously
optimistic. Uh we did invite them to
Moskegan. Uh they are unable to attend,
which is, you know, weird.
Wrong answer. I've only got two more of
these left, Mark, and then I will cut
you loose. Wrong answer. feed the
squirrels less and torque the rubber
bands tighter.
&gt;&gt; You can't keep the squirrels down for a
long time. They'll get squirly on you
and you'll have trouble.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, that is true. I uh was going to
leave the other day and my office was a
jar as you know. It's a not a real
building. It's the carriage house. And
uh when I went to slide the door shut, I
walked towards it. A squirrel looked at
me and ran inside to get away from me.
That's
that's the plot in uh Christmas Vacation
I believe.
&gt;&gt; So I just uh left the door open when I
left and hopefully he has gone away. Um
right answer he says who cares if it's
under 30 as long as they build an
awesome EV truck at a reasonable price.
That's the whole point though is we're
concerned that they won't that they will
only be able to do one of those two
things that it will either be
unreasonably priced or uh not very good.
The they did sell some of those
lightnings at 39,000
uh but those were loss leaders. They
were absolutely losing money handover
fist on those just to say they did it.
So I don't know. And then I trimmed off
the bottom because he went on to give
stock advice which we don't do here. Uh
so apologies for that. Uh, last one. Use
banana skins for making the body or take
unsold vehicles, use the frame and
batteries, and just slap a pickup bed on
it,
you know? Yeah. A uh Why not?
&gt;&gt; What's with the What's with the banana
skins?
&gt;&gt; We asked for wrong answers.
&gt;&gt; I know we did, but where did the banana
skins come from?
&gt;&gt; From bananas. Mark.
What the heck is going on here? We need
something to wrong answer about anything
Mark.
&gt;&gt; Okay, why don't we make it fun? Wrong
answers only. What will be the actual
highlight of the Tesla summer meetup in
Moskegan this coming Friday and
Saturday? Uh, obviously the light show
is going to be great. That doesn't
count. That's a right answer. Our
vendors, our food trucks, those will be
great. our speakers. Mark is uh hosting
a panel. He's going to be a moderator uh
with some pretty fantastic folks uh to
answer some great questions about uh
adventures. Uh you've got who do you
have? Josh West, Justin the bearded
Tesla guy.
&gt;&gt; Exactly.
&gt;&gt; Troying expert Chris.
&gt;&gt; Chris is there. Uh he's he's a onx Chris
Hillby who does all kinds of fantastic
Rivian content. That's going to be a
highlight. You can't list that.
&gt;&gt; We got the Cybertruck guy from Michigan
joining us.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Yeah,
&gt;&gt; lot of great folks. So, those are all
real highlights. I want a wrong answer
only. What will be the highlight of this
event? Let us know. So, guys, what do we
miss? What do we misunderstand? Leave it
in them a comments below. And everyone
else, like, subscribe, help out if you
can. There's details in the description.
and everyone else. Stay tuned, stay
juicy, and I cannot wait to hear from
you clever robots next week when I'm
back and rested.