Channel:     electrified
Title:       Tesla Finally Adding More Robotaxis & the SpaceX AI Satellite V1: Running the Numbers ⚡️
URL:         https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IxqVHm8dujo
Published:   2026-06-09 21:57 UTC
Fetched:     2026-06-09 23:00 UTC

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Welcome to Electrified. It's your host,
Dylan Lumis. Just a warning, my
allergies are killing me right now. It's
what put me down yesterday. So, if I
sound a little off today, that's why.
But, there are some exciting
developments taking place that I want to
talk about. Heading to the Texas Motor
Carrier website, looking at Tesla's robo
taxi business, we now have 59 VINs
listed, which is up from just over 40,
and that was only about 2 weeks ago. And
yes, they're still currently all Model
Y's. This does not mean that all 59
vehicles are currently active in the
fleet, nor does it indicate that 59 of
them are unsupervised, but
theoretically, that's how many Tesla
could deploy if it chose to right now.
Then of course they wouldn't submit four
more vehicles if they didn't have plans
on launching those vehicles in the
service soon. There is now one complaint
listed against Tesla, but the status is
closed. No jurisdiction. I looked for
more information about that complaint,
but nothing is public yet. But I did
submit a public information act request,
so I'll let you guys know if I hear
back. SC Robinson shared this flyover of
the Houston lot in Texas this week. And
from this angle, I counted 21 cyber
cabs. But there are plenty of Model Y's
seemingly getting ready to be deployed.
And as I've been saying, until we see a
cyber cab on site without a steering
wheel and without pedals, I think we
should keep our expectations low for
cyber cab deployment. And this video was
shared of the lot in Dallas. And just
from this one angle, you can now see
dozens of cyber cabs lined up in that
lot. And as we know, the Cyber Cab has
now been spotted testing in around 20
different US states. And I saw Spencer
share this document. It was dated April
24th earlier this year, but it's Tesla's
first responder interaction plan for
Arizona. And the filing says the design
domain of the robo taxi service may
include the following areas while
operating at SAPE level 4 autonomy.
Chandler, Gilbert, Glendale, Maricopa
County, Mesa, Paradise Valley, Phoenix,
Scottsdale, and Tempe. It's a little odd
they would list the cities like this,
but all of these cities are actually
inside of Maricopa County. So, if we
just zoom out for Maricopa, that has a
population of about 4.8 million people.
And just to show you on a map, the red
outline is Maricopa County. And zooming
in a bit, you will find Chandler,
Gilbert, Mesa, Scottsdale, Glendale, and
so on. Fun fact, I actually lived in
Chandler, Arizona for one year after
graduating from Penn State for my Edward
Jones training. And I'm not going to get
into it today, but on Tesla's website,
you can actually find Tesla's first
responder plans. So, I'll have this blog
post linked below if you want to check
it out. And looking at the robo taxi
tracker, the only city in Arizona Tesla
has officially called out is Phoenix.
So, I would expect the first launch in
Arizona to be there with hopefully quick
expansion thereafter. But we are now
down to 20 days for Tesla to launch in
five different cities to hit the
timelines it put in its slide deck from
Q1. So I think most of us would agree
that timeline is not looking very good
right now. Shifting to supervised FSD,
Tesla said in the last 2 months it's
been over three times safer than manual
driving on Dutch roads with 3.5 times
fewer collisions on Netherlands public
roads. And some data that I'll have to
admit would be tough to quantify. They
said nearly 15 times fewer automatic
emergency braking events, 8.8 times less
harsh acceleration, 7.3 times less harsh
braking, and eight times fewer hard
swerves. And zooming in on the fine
print, Tesla says 3.4 times safer on the
highway where FSD has done 16.6 million
km and zero collisions. And they then
give a comparison with manual driving
with active safety features. And they
also say it's 1.6 times safer on
non-highway roads where FSD has done 7
million kilometers and there's been
three collisions. So that would imply
that FSD has now done 23.6 million km in
the Netherlands from April 10th to June
5th. And if it's anything like Tesla's
FSD performance in the States, those
three collisions on non-highway roads
are likely low-speed parking lot type
behaviors. But numbers aside, as Elon
said today, FSD supervised has now been
officially approved in Denmark and the
roll out will begin soon. As Ashoke
said, that's now the Netherlands,
Lithuania, Estonia, and Denmark, where
supervised FSD has officially been
approved. And across these four
countries, that's roughly somewhere in
the neighborhood of about 215,000 Teslas
active on the roads. And yes, that would
be a cumulative figure with of course
the majority of those vehicles being in
the Netherlands and Denmark. And of
course from there you'd have to filter
out AI4 and hardware 3. But as we know
each new country with approval will
start the butts and seats ripple effect.
There will come a time when we need to
have some conversations about quantum
computing. And anytime you hear about a
leap in the technology, what it's
actually threatening is the encryption
that protects nearly everything you do
online. But thankfully, Surf Shark, the
sponsor of this video, just launched
something built specifically for that
problem. It's called Dows, and it's Surf
Shark's first proprietary VPN protocol.
Almost every VPN on the market runs on
protocols like WireGuard or OpenVPN,
which were originally built for
enterprise use and then were adapted for
consumers. They route everyone connected
to a server through one shared tunnel.
But Dows was built from scratch for
individual users. So it assigns a
dedicated encrypted tunnel to each
session instead of putting you in the
shared pool. It's also postquantum
secure, meaning it uses the new
encryption standards designed to hold up
against quantum computers that could
eventually break today's encryption.
Surf Shark says it's up to 30% faster
than the current industry standard
protocols. and it was independently
audited by Cure 53 with no critical or
high severity issues found. And if any
of you are power users, Surf Shark's
bypasser feature lets you split tunnel
so you can pick exactly which apps or
sites route through the VPN and which
don't. And as we can expect from Surf
Shark, all of this runs on one account
across an unlimited number of devices
for your whole family. So, if you'd like
to support the work I do here, you can
go to surf shark.com/electrified
or use code electrified at checkout to
get four extra months of Surf SharkVPN.
And the agenda for the upcoming June
30th meeting of the Technical Committee
of Motor Vehicles, TCMV, where we're
waiting for that broader EUwide vote on
supervised FSD. Unfortunately, all
you'll find on the minutes is a
continuation of discussions of the
request of the Netherlands for that act
39 authorization, and that's set to last
for 50 minutes. But there is no mention
whatsoever of a vote. So, could there be
a surprise vote at the end? I suppose
it's possible, but I think the proper
expectation should be that there will be
no vote at the meeting on June 30th. And
frankly, I think the chances of a
surprise vote are really near zero.
There would have to be an act that was
drafted and given to these countries
usually two weeks ahead of time, you
know, so they have something official to
actually vote on. And there's absolutely
zero mention of that, which means the
next window for a possible blockwide
vote would not be until October this
year at the next meeting. So
unfortunately right now it's looking
like the only path to approval for
supervised FSD will be country by
country. Any type of EUwide broader
approval is now likely going to wait
until sometime closer to Q4 this year.
And that's just for the vote, meaning
the actual rollout of the software might
now be pushed into early 2027. And
importantly from an outlet in Denmark,
they said the approval of supervised FSD
is provisional and only applies to the
EU countries that choose to recognize
the Dutch approval, which now includes
Denmark. But if the system is to be
finally approved for use throughout the
EU, it requires approval from the EU
Commission. If that happens, the
approval will become a common EU type
approval which is automatically valid in
all member states. If however the EU
commission rejects the system, the Dutch
provisional approval will become invalid
after six months. This will also mean
the Danish approval will lapse.
Supervised FSD may no longer be marketed
or sold in EU countries. So yes, if the
vote eventually fails and the EU decides
to formally reject supervised FSD, that
means the provisional approvals that we
have in the four countries we've been
talking about so far would all lose that
approval and it would lapse 6 months
after that refusal. But of course, with
each new country that recognizes the
Dutch approval, it would make a failed
vote and a formal rejection that much
more disruptive for the countries that
already have it approved. And there is a
world where the EU keeps kicking the can
down the road and an official vote is
delayed, meaning the patchwork of
country by country continues
indefinitely. The US trade
representative Jameson Greer is
scheduled to visit Tesla's Fremont
factory this week. this as part of the
manufacturing tour built to promote the
Trump administration's push to bring
production back to the US. The lineup
spans the sectors the administration has
placed at the center of its
reindustrialization message. EVs and
automotive, flexible electronics,
drones, and semiconductors. Now,
separately, don't forget March of last
year, as the administration rolled out
new tariffs, Tesla submitted a formal
public letter to Jameson Greer, as part
of the trade office's review of unfair
trade practices and non-rescrocal
arrangements. In the letter, Tesla
warned that US exporters like itself are
inherently exposed to retaliatory
tariffs imposed by other countries in
response to US actions. Tesla said it
supported fair trade, but urged the
office to weigh the downstream effects
on American exporters and the limits of
the domestic supply chain. At the time,
Tesla said certain lithium battery
components, the company noted, remain
difficult or impossible to source
entirely within the US despite its
onshoring efforts. Tesla said trade
actions should not and need not conflict
with the goal of expanding domestic
manufacturing. So, I'm sure Tesla will
continue to plead its case a bit further
this week when Jameson visits. Tesla has
posted a new job listing for a business
development manager for the Tesla Semi
based in Parsdorf just outside Munich,
Germany. It's a B2B sales job and
involves lining up fleet customers,
configuring the trucks and their
charging, and expanding Tesla Semi's
customer base in the region. The hire is
a clear sign Tesla is laying the
commercial groundwork for the Tesla Semi
in Europe, starting in Germany. But just
to set proper expectations, we still
likely will not see the Tesla Semi
actually deployed or sold in Europe
until 2027 at the earliest. And just in
case you missed it, Edmunds of all
companies said Tesla's Model 3 rearwheel
drive is the efficiency champ in our
realworld range test. The vehicle did
more than beat its EPA range estimate in
their test. It also became the most
efficient EV we've tested that's
currently in production. It has an EPA
range estimate of 363 miles, but the car
they tested went 393 miles on a full
charge, 30 miles further than the
official figure, or an 8.3%
outperformance. They said the more
impressive figure is how little energy
it used to get there. The EPA rates the
Model 3 rearwheel drive at 25 kwatt
hours per 100 m or 4 m per kowatt hour.
In their testing, it returned 21.7 kwatt
hours per 100 m or 4.61 m per kowatt
hour, making it 13.2% more efficient
than its EPA estimate. And they said the
Model 3 RWD is an unusually efficient EV
that's also nice to drive and easy to
live with on a daily basis. Tesla North
America said a Tesla is twice as likely
to reach 250,000 mi as a Subaru. No
engine, no oil changes, no timing
chains, no fuel injectors, and far fewer
moving parts overall. But just so you
know, this data is coming from an IC
cars study. It covered 174 million
vehicles, and Toyota sits at the top
with a 17.8% chance of reaching a/4
million miles. Lexus followed at 12.8%
while Honda and Acura rounded out the
top four. They were the only four
manufacturers to beat the overall
industry average of 4.8%. But Tesla in
an impressive sixth place ranks
alongside GMC with a 4.6% chance of
reaching 250,000 miles, which puts Tesla
ahead of brands like Cadillac, Mazda,
Subaru, Volvo, Mercedes, BMW, and
Porsche. And filtering down to only the
luxury brands, Tesla came in third
behind only Lexus and Acura. And a fun
fact, the luxury average chance of
hitting 250,000 mi was 3.2%. 2% and
again Tesla came in at 4.6%. There were
two new SpaceX interviews over the last
24 hours, one with Elon and the other
with Gavin Baker and the CFO of SpaceX.
They were both largely general in
nature, but I will have them linked
below. And since my voice is running out
of juice for today, I just want to cover
SpaceX's new AI1 satellite. But not just
the numbers that they're predicting for
this prototype version, but I want to
try to contextualize what those numbers
would actually mean. And ultimately to
give us all a sense of how overly
ambitious Elon is really being here,
because we know he is. It's just a
question of how much. So, if you missed
it, here's an image of the AI1
satellite. You have the radiators here
in the middle on a knife's edge to the
sun. You'd have the actual compute right
here, very small in the middle. And then
you have the massive solar arrays on
either side. All the way across this
device in space would be 70 m or roughly
75 yards. So about 3/4s of a football
field. And the height would be 20 m
tall. Once again, roughly 20 yards. But
I wanted to compare this AI1 orbital
satellite verse Colossus. And SpaceX is
targeting 1 gawatt of orbital AI compute
annualized by the end of next year. Not
that they'll have one gigawatt deployed
by the end of next year because that's
definitely not going to happen. Just an
annualized rate by the time 2027 ends.
But frankly, I think even that is overly
optimistic. So Colossus 1, let's just
say it's 500 megawatt. And some articles
out there will say that Colossus 1 is
300 megawatt, but I wanted to run the
math at 500 just to keep things simple.
And also because it's cleanly half of
what Elon is projecting by the end of
next year. One of these AI1 orbital
satellites as SpaceX just debuted is 150
kW at peak power which is equivalent
to.15 megawatt. So if you take the power
draw of Colossus 1 at 500 megawatt and
divide that by.15 megawatt again the
peak power of each AI1 satellite that
would require 3,333
satellites in orbit. That of course to
match the power of Colossus 1 which
again is using the peak figures or we
could use the sustained or the average
power SpaceX shared which is 120 kW. So
that would be 500 megawatt divided by.12
megawatt which would require 4,000
satellites again using the average or
sustained figures. So, it would take
somewhere between 3,300 and 4,000 of
these AI1 satellites to match the power
figures of Colossus 1, assuming it's
currently at 500 megawatt. We were also
told the AI1 orbital satellite will be
70 kW per ton, which tells us that each
satellite is going to weigh in the
neighborhood of 2 tons, which is roughly
4,400 lb or roughly the equivalent of a
Model Y. Now, in time, this is a
projection. SpaceX is saying Starship V3
can carry around 100 tons per trip,
which would mean it can take about 50 of
these AI1 satellites per launch. So, to
match a 500 megawatt data center using
the lower range 3,333
AI satellites, you would take that
number of satellites times 2 tons each
to get 6,666
tons, which again is that peak figure.
Then you would take that number of tons
divided by 100 tons per launch on
Starship V3, meaning you would need 67
Starship launches to get those over
3,300 satellites into orbit and to match
a 500 megawatt data center. Then running
the math using the average or sustained
power figures, and I did just clean up
the math here, so it would actually be
83 Starship launches. Now, some things
to consider. SpaceX is currently
building out the factory that's going to
build out all of this satellite
hardware. So, number one, how long is it
going to take for those factories to be
built out? And then two, how many
satellites will they be able to produce
each day? Questions we just cannot
answer right now. To date, the Starship
launch cadence, it launched five times
for all of 2025 and one time so far this
year. Of course, the reason the number
this year is lower is because of all of
the upgrades for V3. But zooming out,
Starship has flown 12 times in three
years. And remember, it has not yet
reached orbit. To date, most of these
Starship launches have carried a minimal
payload. The max payload on a launch was
launch number 12, where it took 45 tons.
And where I'm getting that 45 tons for
launch 12 was they had 22 of these
simulated Starlink units. So, at roughly
2 tons each, that's where that comes
from. And so far, only two Starlink V3
satellites have actually launched, but
it was really just to take photos of the
heat shield, and that happened on flight
12. And an important technical note,
these were actually Starlink V2s that
were just modified to simulate what the
V3 hardware will be like. So, the number
of Starlink V3 satellites that are
actually operating for Starlink service
is still currently zero. and Nick Patine
put this image together just to show the
comparison of this AI1 satellite and the
size of how it would stack up next to a
Starlink V3. So yes, AI1 is slightly
bigger but not totally out of the realm
compared to a Starlink V3. And remember,
all of these calculations are for a 500
megawatt data center. So to double that,
Starship would have to launch somewhere
in the neighborhood of 150 times if it
wants to hit that annualized rate of 1
gawatt per year. Said another way,
that's over 12 launches every month. So
ask yourself, do you think Starship will
be doing that by December next year?
Sure, a lot can happen between now and
then, but at this point, it still feels
overly optimistic. I did have some other
things I wanted to cover today, but my
voice is just not going to allow it. So
Tesla stock closed the day at $396.68,
down 3% while the NDX was down 1.5%. The
volume was 14% above the average. Thank
you all for bearing with me today.
Hopefully I'm feeling better by
tomorrow. Don't forget, check out Surf
Shark linked below for anybody
interested. Thank you as always. Hope
you all have a wonderful day and a huge
thank you to all of my Patreon
supporters.