Channel:     futureaza
Title:       Nepal Is Going All In On EVs
URL:         https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=isxN9qr5ubw
Published:   2026-09-20 12:00 UTC
Fetched:     2026-09-20 13:00 UTC

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

We also want to export electricity to
India and Bangladesh. We should go for
100% electric vehicles in Nepal. That is
what we are saying and that is also the
principle that we are following in
Nepal. So around 80% of the total
vehicles are motorbikes. Now we see more
electric buses as a public
transportation in Nepal. Don't think
what other countries are doing. Moving
toward electrification can be
challenging in just about any market,
any country, [music] rich countries,
poor countries, big countries and small
countries. You got to get the cars, you
got to get the grid, you got to make it
all work together. And that's an
impossible task. That's something you
guys are working on. Uh so we've got uh
Ashish Gajger uh who is a the
chairperson for the infrastructure
development committee. He's one of the
people who's trying to make it all work,
trying to figure it out. It's very
exciting and we're going to have a chat
about that. Uh I'm Brian. Welcome to
Futurza. Electrification is good for
transportation.
What are the challenges that you face in
terms of getting enough power, getting
enough people who want them, getting all
that to work? Just to give you uh some
basic information. So currently the
quantity of electric vehicle that we are
importing is more than 70% of the total
uh vehicles that we import uh to Nepal.
So if you see the number it's very
encouraging. I think the number tells
that Nepal
uh is um the country where people uh
want to use electric vehicle. So coming
to your question. So there are
challenges [clears throat]
that we are facing regarding the
operations of uh electric vehicles. The
first one is the uh sufficient
infrastructure. Uh that means uh first
one is the uh road condition. Uh second
one is the charging infrastructure. So
we have around u 107,000
kilometer road network
and out of uh the total road network so
only around uh 30,000 uh kilometers um
are black topped.
&gt;&gt; Okay.
&gt;&gt; And rest the roads are um only like
gravel or is only earthn. So uh it makes
uh difficult for the electric vehicle uh
to run on the earth road or the uh
gravel road. So that is uh one uh
challenge that we are facing. Uh because
if you see the electric vehicle uh so
mostly they have very low uh clearance.
&gt;&gt; Yes. So because they have batteries and
batteries they have weight because of
that the clearance height is
comparatively low. So it makes difficult
to drive on the earn or uh simply gravel
roads. That is the one of the major
challenges that we are facing. And
another one is the availability of the
charging station. As I told you, we have
107,000
kilometer uh road network. Uh so to have
charging station available
in all areas is quite difficult and it's
very costly. So these are two major
challenges that we are facing.
&gt;&gt; So when you look at the charging
infrastructure, how close together do
you try to keep chargers?
So we don't have the standard to like uh
establish or to invest for the charging
infrastructure and we don't have like
regulations and standards of the um
distance between two charging stations.
So basically uh government um Nepal
electric uh city authority that is the
electricity regulator and also operator.
So they are investing in the charging
infrastructure and also the private
sectors they are investing. So basically
currently
so we identify the location where there
is possibility of uh getting more
electric vehicles that require
charging station. So that is the
philosophy that we are currently um
following. So where there are more
electric vehicles the Nepal electric
authority or the private sector they are
investing in the charging
infrastructure. So there is no standard
there is no any raw rules regarding the
distance between uh two charging in
charging stations.
&gt;&gt; Mhm. It's not a huge country in terms of
air distance. So, I've seen a lot of
chargers everywhere.
When you're looking to grow electric
vehicles, uh I understand one of the big
benefits is you get to use local energy
instead of foreign energy instead of
oil. Um how big of an advantage is that
for the people of Nepal?
&gt;&gt; So, we have very high advantage. So I am
a transportation engineer and I used to
say don't think what other countries are
doing either they go for the electric
vehicles or they go for the IC engine so
don't care but we should go for the
electric vehicles because we import
petroleum products we don't have
petroleum products mines in uh Nepal so
100% petroleum product we have to import
from foreign countries but we are
producing electricity and we have high
potential to produce electricity
&gt;&gt; so don't care about other countries we
just we should go for 100% electric
vehicles in Nepal that is what we are
saying and that is also the principle
that we are following in Nepal so
ultimately we want to go 100% electric
and
&gt;&gt; so I've noticed in the past year sales
of scooters and ebikes has gone up a lot
83% maybe it was 183 it's a big jump
this year how important is that to
getting off the foreign fuel and to
cleaning up the air
&gt;&gt; to be honest so people
are um motivated to buy four-wheeler EVs
But people are reluctant to buy um
electric motorbikes.
That is my experience.
Um I don't know what the problem they
are facing with the motorbikes but the
current situation is people are
attracted to use four-wheelers uh EV but
they are less attracted to the um
motorbikes and if you see our current
traffic numbers so around 80% of the
total vehicles are motorbikes
if we don't motivate people to use EV
motorbik bikes we cannot go for 100%
electric vehicles in Nepal. So gradually
I think um the two wheelers uh user they
will also understand the um benefits of
using electric motorbikes and it will
gradually go up. That is what we think
and we try to motivate the users uh to
use electric vehicles. Uh because at as
I said if we buy more um IC engines we
have to import more petroleum products
so that will um higher out deficit.
&gt;&gt; Yes. And for that matter, the oil has to
come in over the road, which is heavy
and crowded and not great. Anyway, I
notice buses are starting to go
electric. Uh how big is that in in the
picture? So basically if you compare the
prices of diesel engine uh buses and
electric buses uh the price is more than
double for the electric bosses.
So the upfront investment for the uh
operators or investors is double or even
more more than double higher. So that's
why the operator or the investor they
are reluctant to buy
electric buses.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. But now what they realize or what
the government is trying to make them
understand is so the operation cost is
far more lower like only for the
four-wheeler like for 1 kilometer. If
you drive petrol engine it will cost
around 20 25 rupees and the cost for
electric car will come around 1 rupees.
So the difference is like so huge. So we
are making uh the investor to understand
um the benefits of electric vehicles in
terms of the financial aspect as well
and they are gradually understanding now
we see more electric buses as a public
transportation in Nepal. Mhm. And you've
always had the three-wheel electric
transit. As you transition, which is
happens over time, are you finding that
they're able to keep up with the
electricity demand? Can they get enough
power to the homes, to the charging
stations, to the bus stations?
&gt;&gt; No, power is not the problem.
uh so u Nepal electricity authority
uh that is the nal agency for the uh
production and the supply of
electricity. So they are clearly saying
that there is um no problem in the
supply of electricity. We can supply as
per our demand and there are many
hydropowers um in pipeline.
So there will be no problem in the
supply of uh electricity
&gt;&gt; and if you see our um use of electricity
pattern so only we have high demand in
the morning time and evening. So rest so
you have surplus of energy and you can
charge.
&gt;&gt; So you can charge in the middle of the
day or while you're sleeping.
&gt;&gt; Exactly. So that is also useful for the
optimum use of the produced electricity
in Nepal.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. you get to use all of it instead
of some of it.
&gt;&gt; Now, the way that you guys were able to
get such a big adoption so quickly was
by adjusting the taxes, uh, which made
upfront cost of an electric car as cheap
or cheaper than a gasoline powered car.
And I noticed that this year the tax
structure has changed a bit. Some cars
maybe are now a little bit less, some
cars are a little more. um how much is
that expected to change buying patterns?
&gt;&gt; No, see today also electric um vehicles
are expensive compared to gasoline um
vehicles
&gt;&gt; up front.
&gt;&gt; Up front up front also um electric
vehicles um they are costly. So that is
the present scenario and regarding the
um change in the taxation system in this
fiscal year. So our government they have
classified uh vehicles into like luxury
vehicle and non-luxury vehicle. So uh
they have like fixed um tax tariff
according to the price of the vehicle.
So if you want to buy high or luxury
vehicle then you pay more taxes. If you
buy low range or medium range uh vehicle
so the tax that has remained almost the
same as the previous year.
&gt;&gt; Mhm. Is this a good policy? Is this
&gt;&gt; No. See the tax policy is basically
based on the government policy and you
understand to run the country country
needs
tax. [snorts]
&gt;&gt; Yeah. You have to someone's got to pay
the bills.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. So our policy is the people
who uh wants luxury for the luxury item.
So implement more taxes and for the
basic general people lower the taxes. So
that is the principle that uh we have
followed this year. I think this is uh
pretty um good decision.
&gt;&gt; What are the remaining obstacles like
what what are the challenges facing the
shift to electric right now?
So now um
[clears throat] like there are some like
rumors that electric vehicles are um
involved more uh in road crashes
&gt;&gt; and electric vehicles are more riskier.
So these are the rumors that we are
hearing and there are some incidents so
crashes that happen whether this is
electric vehicles or this is gasoline
vehicles. my experience and what I have
learned is like people they used to
drive manual vehicle.
&gt;&gt; Yes.
&gt;&gt; So manual vehicle they have um gear but
electric vehicle they do not have gear.
So it's new and um in terms of
efficiency also electric vehicles they
have they are more efficient than the
gasoline vehicle. So sometimes the
drivers um they are unable to control
the speed. That is why electric vehicles
there are many incidents uh cases of
road crashes of electric vehicles that
is one of the threat uh that we uh hear
and also in some cases. So we hear the
news that the uh in electric vehicles it
catches fire very easily. So there are
like too many batteries and there is um
some if there is some uh problem with
batteries the car will burn. Car has
burned. So these are the some of the
news that we recently hear in the media
and people are little bit um worried
regarding this uh news. And next one
this is the problem of the country that
we are discussing um in the government
um side and that is the uh recycling or
re reuse of the um used batteries. So
what should we do with the um batteries
that we have already used because
worldwide uh so there is no uh principle
of um disposing the used batteries so
you have to reuse so we don't have like
uh recycling plant so who will invest in
the recycling plant if we do not recycle
and if we dump in the uh landfill site
So that will create more hazard also
that will create problem in the
environment. So these are some of the
challenges that uh we are discussing to
resolve.
Yeah. So what I hear you saying is the
the barrier to adoption isn't that you
can't get cars. You can get cars. It's
not that they're too expensive. They're
expensive but not crazy. These two
things will just happen in time. When
old cars get old enough, people will
replace them. The problem is not that
you don't have enough electricity or
enough distribution. That's coming and
it's mostly already here. Uh the problem
is people's misunderstandings.
And if that's the case, that's pretty
good because those are the same
misunderstandings that I hear in every
country. Um, and the good news is there
are some companies, only a few, that are
working on recycling. Uh, Redwood
Materials in the US has a huge facility,
but the batteries last so long that they
don't get enough of them. Uh, so it's
not profitable yet, but it can be. It
can be in the future. So, it sounds like
you're thinking about all the right
things. My last question would be um
have there been any problems that slow
down electrification in terms of like
you know corruption or or stubbornness
or anything like that from the past that
you guys have had to overcome now.
&gt;&gt; So we don't have experience um such
problem. Uh so um if you see our
situation we are gradually developing
and if you see our electricity
production is also gradually going up.
Currently we are producing um around
4,000 megawatt uh electricity and there
are many projects in uh pipeline.
So our focus is now on the production
and uh one of the major production that
we are focusing is the hydropower
electricity.
We also want to export electricity to
our neighboring country India and
Bangladesh. Uh we have high potential in
the electricity production. So we are
focusing on the production and um
private sector uh they are investing in
the hydrop power projects as well.
Government is also investing in
hydropower projects and we are also
going to the private sector and asking
them to come and invest in the
hydropower projects. Uh we are ready to
facilitate
uh we are very private sector friendly.
We are looking uh much more private
investment uh in the infrastructure
sector in the service sector and in also
in the production sector and that is
also valid for the hydropower production
system.
&gt;&gt; Okay. Well, I want to thank you so much
for sharing your time. I know your time
is very valuable and I appreciate that.
Uh my question will be for you guys in
the comments. What did we miss? What do
we misunderstand? I'd love to hear your
thoughts and we can see how many of
those we can get addressed in the
future. Everybody else like, subscribe,
do all that stuff and uh thank you again
and I appreciate it.
&gt;&gt; Thank you. Thank you coming all over uh
from US and uh interviewing me,
listening my opinion. Thank you very
much. Appreciate it.