Channel:     futureaza
Title:       China Is Playing A Decades Long BYD Game
URL:         https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2Hy6wTGmv5A
Published:   2026-08-31 10:37 UTC
Fetched:     2026-08-31 11:00 UTC

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

I've always questioned the Western
Europe stuff. Like, when I saw some of
this stuff, like, oh, they're going to
take over a plant in Germany or oh,
they're going to I questioned the like,
would it even work from day one or just
like, is this thing going to be done in
a year? And I don't think that there's a
lot of Chinese production that's really
scaled in Western Europe even after all
these headlines. You can correct me on
that, but
&gt;&gt; BYD is a very visible company well, at
least outside the US. Within the US, we
don't really hear about them that much.
We don't really think about them, but
would you believe some of their products
and parts and services [music] and all
that uh do extend to North America,
especially in Canada and Mexico, but
also in the US to a lesser degree.
Is BYD all that? Are they on stable
ground? Are they going to make it into
the future? I've got some thoughts on
that. You know who else probably has
some thoughts on that? Jeff Lutz, supply
chain wizard, if you will.
&gt;&gt; [music]
&gt;&gt; Uh supply chain is his jam, ex-corporate
VP of supply chain and chief quality
officer at Motorola, Google, and Lenovo,
among others. He's done many other
things.
And uh yeah, he's going to help us out
understanding all that stuff perhaps a
bit more. I'm Brian, welcome to
Futurama.
&gt;&gt; [music]
[singing]
&gt;&gt; So, Jeff, I first off, I should say I
have no relationship with BYD. I had
talked to one of their media
representatives two years ago when I was
trying to go to the Shanghai Auto Show
to see if they could help me and they
could not. The only other contact I've
had with them is when that person uh
sent a WhatsApp message, not WhatsApp,
the other one, WeChat message to
everyone on her list saying, I'm no
longer at BYD. So, I
have no relationship with them. My
question for you is, um cuz I know last
year there was a lot of talk about the
very long parts uh
payments. My I get So, my first question
would be, tell me about that long parts
payments and what's been done to unwind
it since then.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, it was something I noticed and it
wasn't just
BYD,
it was a couple of other companies, uh
auto companies in China.
Uh BYD got a lot of
Yeah, it was it was well, it it in China
the the the payment terms relative to US
automakers are about 30 to 50% longer
depending you know, when when you're
looking at the information. And some of
this data is a bit opaque, but there's
been multiple sources uh on this report.
I mean, and the actual CCP's gotten
involved with these companies saying,
"Hey, you've got to
you've got to tighten this loop up." So,
what happens with payment terms with
suppliers
in the US when Ford, GM, or Tesla are
making products, there's an uh
there's an average time from when those
parts are received to when suppliers are
paid. And typically in the US, it's in
the 55, you know, to 65-day range. Uh
sometimes it can go plus or minus a
couple days more, sometimes it can be
plus or minus a couple days less.
And about a year and a half ago or so,
the typical time or the best time in
China in term or
expected would be around 90. And that
was okay, it kind of worked for that
supply chain, it kind of worked there.
But what we started noticing with BYD
and other auto companies, it started in
actually 2020, 2021 with COVID, and it
just kept extending. And I you know,
they went from over 100 days to 150 to
200 days to 250 days and some point in
like 2024, it I mean, it was these there
were several companies well over 200
days of payment terms. So, just 200 just
you know, pull out a calendar, look at
200 days.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; And just know what that means is you've
sent product to a company and you're not
getting paid.
&gt;&gt; You paid the wages, you've paid the the
C and D tier suppliers.
Uh yeah, it's
a potential bankruptcy bomb waiting to
happen.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, and so when when you're s
when you're in supply chain or you study
supply chain and you study economics of
these companies, this is something you
need you want to go look at. And you
want to understand what's happening
because typically it's the sign because
the typical reporting on on EV
companies, whatever their name is, is
how many cars did they sell, what are
their gross margins,
and yeah
&gt;&gt; That's pretty much it.
&gt;&gt; And so that was kind of going swimmingly
well for these companies. They were
growing volumes. Their gross margins
were actually
steadily improving, but from a cash
perspective and they had free cash.
Well, the reason they had free cash is
is they're not one of the reasons is is
they're not paying their suppliers as
quickly as they should. So why do you do
that? Well, you do that because you have
to look at your you have to look at your
supply chain. Once you've built the car,
where does it go? In the case of of
Tesla, and this has been well well
documented, it's mostly a build to order
model and that they have some inventory.
And now we're going to have a third
model with building robotaxis and
putting those, but well talked about,
but most these other companies have
basically a dealer model and there's
dealer lots and inventory.
All this a lot of this is opaque. We
don't know the exact number of days of
inventory. We just see pictures of lots
with cars. We saw we've seen pictures,
you know, from the FUDsters on Tesla
over the years as well as they were
growing
volumes, but the difference between
these companies is
if you look at the payment terms and you
look at their owned inventory, Tesla
kept both of those things very tight
through the whole thing.
And in China, both of those things were
seemingly expanding.
And to me those were the sirens. Those
okay, it's taking too long to sell. Like
maybe we're putting too much product in
the channel.
That's typically what happens. And when
you have too much product in the
channel, then your cash is sitting
there, then you don't have your cash
released from customer payments to be
able to pay your suppliers, and then
that essentially can break. And that's
probably broken a lot of the EV
companies in China and uh and suppliers
as well. So, I know there was some
intervention because if not controlled,
it could spiral and you could have a
catastrophe and obviously exporting
automobiles is a big deal for China and
they've they've passed up, you know,
every country in terms of exports, so
they they got a handle on it and they've
been driving it down over the last
couple of years.
&gt;&gt; So, what we did see was uh it had gotten
to 200 to 300 days depending on which
manufacturer. There were 17 companies
that uh agreed to pledge to uh get it
under 60 days because like you said, the
government stepped in and said, "Guys,
we're going to We have to We love
protecting you, but we have to protect
them from you today." Uh so, that has
helped. And if you look at the
financials of like BYD, for example, you
will see back in 2025,
the
basically the middle of the year, their
uh financials looked a little rougher
than usual. You saw year-on-year
decline. Yeah, it's cuz they're it's
because they're not just paying their
bills, they're paying their back bills,
too.
Uh but even with that said and done, uh
BYD
has other lines of business beyond
automotive, uh
and we talked about that a little bit
before the show because
the fact that you have been in the
supply chain, the fact that you've been
in the mobility and electronics portion
of it means you have a pretty good
handle on who some of the big players
are around the world, and BYD happens to
be one of them. Uh can you tell me a
little bit about their other lines of
business?
&gt;&gt; Yeah, it's a great point. And and I have
no current relationship with them, but
they they have been a supplier of mine
in the past. I know the whole executive
team and have extensively worked with
them. So, they are a
a major supplier in the component space,
mechanical component space for consumer
electronics, smartphones, tablets,
computers. They have a huge business uh
doing that. And they're actually quite
an impressive if you look at the origin
of the company, kind of where it
started. Uh they're they're they're
actually quite impressive in terms of
like coming up from from nothing and and
building all these businesses.
And I remember uh you know, back in the
early 2000s, they were starting to get
into the what was the mobile phone
business before the smartphone business
and supplying components to that
business. Foxconn was just getting into
that business as well. They were
supplying components and doing final
assembly. BYD wanted to do both of those
things as well. And then they wanted to
get into the battery business and start
that up and get that moving. And they
did do that in the electronic space and
of course now famously
for EVs. So, when people see you know,
BYD's reported quarterly earnings, I
think what people need to understand is
this company has much more than selling
cars. They
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; build complete battery modules, cells,
systems, and they have this significant
components business.
And the types of vehicles they make are,
you know, commercial, buses, and of
course
for the consumer.
And they they they are massive. They are
an expensive, massive company. But
there's way more to BYD than just making
cars.
&gt;&gt; That's right.
In Wenatchee, Washington, they have uh
BYD buses. Uh there's a plant in I think
Long Beach or it's in the LA area that
&gt;&gt; Right. In the LA area.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, that does final assembly of the
buses and some uh port haulers. Um there
are I mean, they do monorails. They make
monorails. What a weird business to be
in? Sure, why not? We can do that. It's
got wheels, it's got batteries, we know
how to make those things. They make mega
pack type products and the batteries
that go into other people's mega pack
products. They make batteries for
themselves, they make batteries for
other cars.
Uh, I think Tesla at one point had used
blade batteries for the Shanghai
standard range Model 3. Wasn't a
long-lasting partnership, but they are
the second biggest battery manufacturer
in the world.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; That's all, that's that makes them
awfully big and
maybe in large part because of these
other business lines,
unlike most of their domestic
competitors, they were kind of
profitable from day one. Uh, because day
one they were just making batteries,
they made batteries, they made a profit
on them. Then they got into they bought
a car company,
a gas car company. They made a profit on
that. They transitioned to hybrids and
EVs.
Um, less clear how much of their profit
was from that, if any. But BYD likes to
make long bets. Uh, so in Nepal, BYD is
not just the biggest electric car
company, it's the biggest company,
biggest car company by volume because
they went there early. They positioned
themselves early and when the uh,
incentive shifted. In Nepal, they cut
the uh, import taxes from 150%
to like 20% for EVs under a certain
horsepower. And that meant that uh,
overnight they become cheaper to
purchase in addition to being vastly
cheaper to operate. I mean, they've got
so much hydro now, it's like 5-6 cents a
kilowatt and the gas has to be trucked
in over the mountains. Uh, so that makes
it, you know, 7-8 dollars a gallon. You
can see why anyone would prefer to have
it. And if you Well, there's long lines
at chargers. There aren't. The chargers
are everywhere, and there are lines at
the gas station.
There just are.
So, in a in a market like that, they're
not afraid to go in early and be
patient. And now we're seeing the same
thing in
South America, where
their patience is finally being
rewarded.
Is that a Chinese business philosophy?
Because I don't see very many Western
companies willing to show that kind of
patience.
&gt;&gt; Well, it I look at it two different
ways. So, they are playing a long game,
for sure.
And they have a long time horizon. And
if you look at what they were doing with
minerals 30 years ago, all the way then
to battery cell production, ramping that
up in the before in the 2000 to 2010
range. When I say they, I mean China.
They have played a long game with
electrification. They are now playing a
long game with export sports of it, as
well. And there's there're they're
ramping it up. I do though, if I'm going
to be
critical,
uh
is I only think a very small portion,
like very small portion of them,
could actually bring their business and
manufacture in successfully. When I say
successfully, at scale, making a lot of
money in Western Europe and the US.
Because
right now, the way that they've
architected their supply chains and the
and how labor-intensive the work is,
it's really fit for purpose
in the China domestic market. Which by
the way, they've been killing themselves
with their own price war.
And which is why they've been pushing
more and more successfully to export.
But a lot of these countries are going
to be looking saying, "Look, I can't
take
more of these cars, you know, built in
China. Like I I want you to I want you
to ramp up my economy locally here."
So, and some may say, "Well, that's a
long game." That's a very long game.
And I I actually don't think most of
them can actually
I want to say can't. The economics don't
work. It's not a It's not an emotional
conversation. It's you're taking the
economics of $4 an hour labor,
$4 to $5 an hour labor, and sub $4 an
hour labor in other in in remote parts
and then Vietnam so forth, and you're
trying to bring that to the US non-union
in the mid-20s and then union in the 50
to 70 range. And people the the next
thing response people give me is, "Well,
final assembly is only 5 to 10% of that
cost." Well, it Everybody has final
assembly. All the first-tier suppliers
are assembling something and sending it
to you.
&gt;&gt; Right.
&gt;&gt; All the sub-assembly suppliers have
final assembly. And for them to
domesticate their supply chain
in Western Europe or the US, the
economics just won't work based on the
way that they've
designed and built their products. Now,
it doesn't mean that they're not doing
good things with part count reduction,
design efficiency, and so forth. They've
done something that is such a good
business in China and such a good export
business. Like, that should be noted.
Like, they've really killed it there.
But, in terms of saying, "Well, why
don't we you know, let them in?" Well, I
think it's not smart to let
the doors open on imports when you've
got 3 million people in your auto
business and you're in the US.
And you know, they're at a $4 rate in
your at this 50 to 70. So, something
structurally needs to happen. I think
the big leapfrog moment is with
humanoids and AI-driven automation,
fixed automation. Not the odd Even the
automation today, the economics won't
work. So,
coming full circle, I know there was a
lot. Uh there is a company that is very
impressive
in China building
automobiles and a company that I
competed with on the smartphone side as
well and they ramped up incredibly well.
Way more impressive than
a lot of Xiaomi.
And their factory their final assembly
factory has a shot of actually if they
exported their final assembly factory
here, they actually have a shot. The
only problem is is those that wrote the
all those robotics are made there and
local to there. If they had the source
robotics locally, then all of a sudden
their cap ex ones, but they actually
have a shot at a business model. They're
the probably the closest. Everybody else
I think is
miles and miles away. It doesn't take
anything away from what they've done in
China and their export business,
but
trying to land here and set up and have
those economics work, it would be a
different manufacturing model.
&gt;&gt; All fascinating things. One thing that
I've seen a big push for is to move
factories out of China, but not into
expensive
Western European markets, perhaps
Eastern European markets and
increasingly in Africa. If there's one
place with more affordable labor than
China, it's Africa. What they don't have
is the experience and the skill, but
those can be developed hopefully over a
a reasonable time frame, a few years
hopefully. And if you were doing if you
were to start with knock down semi knock
down kits and then move into more and
more sectors of
of raw product to finish product, that
could work. I know there's a lot of talk
to get factories to Ethiopia where I'm
going in December, but there's already
factories in South Africa and other
other countries around the continent,
which by the way is much bigger than it
looks. The Mercator map distorts it
significantly
to not reveal its true size. But these
models could work in those countries if
the politics remain sufficiently stable.
If the uh if the demand continues to
increase as it's expected to, uh those
those are possibilities though, wouldn't
they be?
&gt;&gt; Yes. Uh
it's a good call out. I think the jury's
out on Eastern Europe. I think there's a
chance. I know the Hungary's of the
world and so forth. I know Turkey,
they're trying to expand into There's a
shot there for sure.
But I I question the longevity. It's
it's interesting. So you see you see the
big announcements, you see the
headlines.
The question is is like is there a
really is there a long I I think where
the long game is for China is in Africa.
I think it's you appropriately
called that out. And
um shout out to your manufacturing chops
talking about semi knock down, complete
knock down kits. That's how a lot of
this work gets started, which is we're
not going to do all this stuff here.
We're going to do like the final stuff
for localization.
And then as we get better at it, then
we'll start we'll start knocking these
things down more, meaning sourcing more
discrete parts and bringing in less
kidding. So kind of inside baseball
manufacturing terminology, I'm glad you
you called it out. I think China is
playing the long game
in Africa. It'll be interesting to see
how this plays out. Um but you can't you
can't knock them for like their
approach. Like
you see the results, you see what
they're doing. There there's just there
are pitfalls uh to some of it. It's not
all perfect, but there's a serious long
game happening with with what they're
doing there. I do question the I've
always questioned the Western Europe
stuff. Like when I saw some of the stuff
like, oh, they're going to take over a
plant in Germany or or they're going to
I questioned the like would it even work
from day one or just like is this thing
going to be done in a year?
And I don't think that there's a lot of
Chinese production that's really scaled
in Western Europe even after all these
headlines. You can correct me on that,
but
&gt;&gt; I haven't seen any. And we know there
was uh work in Brazil on the BYD factory
there that had all kinds of labor
complaints
uh which
I don't think surprised anyone. One of
the big things I've heard. Now, you know
how
uh we can be when we're a big fan of one
brand and Tesla fans are are as guilty
of it as anyone. They'll look at any
company and say they'll be bankrupt in 6
months or 2 years or whatever it may be.
In the case of BYD, I would argue that
even if you ignore the financials, that
they are too big to fail in China. Just
as Toyota is too big to fail in Japan
and Hyundai is too big to fail in Korea.
The government wouldn't allow it. But, I
would argue that the financials are
actually reasonably good. They're
profitable almost every time. Almost
every year they're profitable. Even when
they unwound the shenanigans, they are
still showing a profit, just not as big
of one. And now that it has been all the
back pays resolved, it it's back to the
previous profit kind of levels that they
expected that investors expected. And
their stock price isn't trading all that
high. It price earnings ratio is I think
in the dozens.
Uh I haven't looked in a while. What is
your conclusion? How safe is BYD in the
market? Are they on reasonable footing?
Are they doing okay?
&gt;&gt; Well, you're right. They have a lot of
businesses and I do think they're almost
too big to fail in China. There's a lot
of stimulus. There would be a lot of you
know, I would say government backstops
happening. By the way, government
backstops happen in all governments. If
you look at the money that was kind of
helicoptered around a couple of years
ago and even recently, there's a lot of
money flowing to companies in the US. I
don't know why everybody just associates
China and and and government like it's
certainly happening there and there's
stuff we see and there's a lot of stuff
we don't see, but there's tremendous
government investment in the US as well
for for manufacturing. It is happening.
So, I do think I
when I saw the payment terms and I saw
it expanding expanding I'm like, okay,
if this does not come under control
they could have an event. Like they
could have a major major event, but I I
think they have gotten a lot of it under
control. I think they're going through a
year cycle now where the that
intervention happened in June of last
year.
The the net income has been down. I mean
it's I think it was cut in half in Q1.
Uh
but I think after they get through this
cycle, let's see if they can actually
now
now that they've reset everything, can
they actually start steadily growing it?
And I think that's going to have to come
through
do they have the autonomy and AI chops
to ship those kind of products?
Uh because if it's just a bending metal
and shipping hardware thing
I think it's going to be tough. I'm not
calling for bankruptcy or or anything
like that at all, but
uh they're going to have to transition
to being more of a software-driven
company and I think the jury's out on
that.
&gt;&gt; I appreciate your perspectives. I
appreciate you coming on and when it
comes to the things like BYD, there
aren't many other people I can even talk
to.
Uh you know, I've tried talking to my
children, they're bored. They do not
know what I'm talking about. Uh it is
fascinating to see the other products
these companies do. I had mentioned that
I went to the Huawei flagship store in
Shanghai where on the ground floor
they've got all their cool cars and
phones. And then you go to the second
floor where they've got all their home
electronics go to the third floor where
they've got all of their uh appliances
and whatnot. And uh yeah, no floor for
all the routers and switches that they
use uh on the back end of the entire
backbone of the internet, but I'm sure
that's somewhere very close by and
listening.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; Uh
&gt;&gt; [snorts]
&gt;&gt; so, guys, what did we miss? What did we
misunderstand? Leave it in them comments
below. Everyone else like, you know, you
can subscribe. It is not going to hurt
you, I promise. Uh there are a bunch of
ways you can show support. Should you
wish to do that, subscribing is the
easiest way. If you want to help with my
adventures, you can. There's a bunch of
ways to do that. It's all in the
description. I appreciate you guys.
You're the reason I'm able to go to
places like Nepal, like China, like
Africa. Everybody else, stay tuned. Stay
juicy. And I cannot wait to hear from
you clever robots on the flippity flop.