Channel:     brighterwithherbert
Title:       EXCLUSIVE: Breaking Down Tesla’s Robotaxi Ramp Scenarios
URL:         https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ysaooL5EGzk
Published:   2026-05-10 13:31 UTC
Fetched:     2026-05-10 14:00 UTC

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Many Tesla investors are anxious about
Tesla's robo taxi roll out for the rest
of the year. So today, let's explore the
probabilities of various scenarios.
What's likely? What's a stretch? And
what actually has to go right for Tesla
to hit these numbers before the year is
out. We have two Tesla retail analysts
joining us, Cernin Basher and Brian Wang
from Next Big Future. Brian has a theory
and he just shared his assumptions on
the robo taxi rollout near-term. He
thinks Austin, Dallas, and Houston go
from 39 unsupervised cars today to over
300 by the end of June. That's a 10x in
roughly 60 days. And he thinks every
safety monitor in Austin might be out in
the next 10 days. We'll take a closer
look at his estimates and assumptions.
And to be clear, these are not Tesla's
guidance. He could be right, he could be
early, he could be wrong. But here's why
it's worth a serious look. Tesla's
already driving in the evenings. Dallas
and Houston are running zero monitors
right now. And there are 80 plus robo
taxi badge cars sitting parked in each
city just waiting to flip on. Brian Wang
is a futurist thought leader and a
popular science blogger with 1 million
readers per month. Check out his YouTube
channel at next big future. Certain
Basher is a chartered financial analyst
running his own investment advisory firm
called Brilliant Advice providing wealth
management services. Welcome both.
&gt;&gt; Hibert, great to be here.
So what I wanted to do today is tackle
the biggest kind of elephant in the
room. The most important thing for Tesla
shareholders, Tesla fans, um just people
who follow the company is robo taxi and
how is that going to roll out over the
course of the year? We heard Elon at the
earnings call kind of downplay a little
bit um and and he it pulled back his
estimates. No longer going to be super
material this year. and we don't know if
we're going to need to wait till version
15 before this is going to go truly at
scale. And he didn't give a definition
of what scale is. But um for the near
term, I think you have some very
interesting ideas, Brian, I wanted to
share with the audience of just what
your logic was and it might make sense.
We can tear it apart and see what people
think. But right now, uh we're using the
robo taxi tracker to tell us kind of
like what they have found out there.
It's not accurate, but it's at least a
number that we can follow along. And
right now, they're saying that there's
38 unsupervised fleet. It jumped from 26
just about six or seven days ago to 38
now. 27 in Austin, by the way. Five and
six in Houston, five in Dallas, six in
Houston. And both five the Houston and
Dallas are all under unsupervised. And
in Austin about 50% are unsupervised and
the rest are not. So your post was you
you have a forecast for the next 60 days
of Tesla robo taxi in Texas 10 to 20x
unsupervised is what you're thinking. So
you're saying okay there's 39
unsupervised Dallas and Houston have no
monitors in the cars for any vehicles.
They're 100% unsupervised. Okay. Tesla
seems to be converting all Austin
vehicles to unsupervised in the next 10
days or so. So I'm not sure where you
got the 10 days or so, but you're you're
making that assumption based on the ramp
you're seeing. This is at least another
24 vehicles right in Austin.
&gt;&gt; Dallas and Houston should reach at least
10 unsupervised each. That would be 70
by the end of next week. Tell us uh your
thinking there.
&gt;&gt; Well, the proof that we have that um
they can go 100% unsupervised is Dallas
and Houston. Dallas and Houston have
smaller maps of uh you know geoenced
area. So the larger Austin area at the
same density um would be you know 50
some vehicles right so that to me is an
indication you know the two piece of
data together is I can go 100%
unsupervised for a limited size location
and that's in Houston and then Austin
it it shows we can do more vehicles and
a larger area so if all three became
you Austin sized areas for Dallas and
Houston then you would say okay we can
get to 100% each 50 5050 50 and I think
that increasing the density to double
that is not a stretch and they have
those vehicles parked there we've seen
the parking lots robot taxi badging
model wise and we have a bunch of cyber
caps so the vehicles are there ready to
be turned on and then the proof of 100%
at small numbers
is showing. So that seems to be the next
logical steps. The other thing is I
think the increasing in the evening
hours is huge because the number of
miles per vehicle is about onetenth
um of what Whimo does, right? So that
low number seems because you're only
running six to eight hours um a day but
you're not running the full hours. And
then two is that again you're not
pushing as hard to to get them all
going. Also the small numbers also
affect that. So I think all these things
are kind of stepwise evolving towards a
significant number of completely
unsupervised in those three cities
larger maps going towards full hours and
more miles.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, I like the logic because we're
watching Austin which is uh 27 plus 24
27 that are unsupervised 24 that are not
of what we can see and you can see that
they're
converting them right. So your guess is
that they will all be converted to
unsupervised by the end of whatever two
weeks from now, a month from now,
whatever time. If you can do 27, why not
do 35? Why not do the rest? Right? That
makes sense. And then with And then
you're saying, well, if Dallas is five
and Houston is six, then they should
probably also be able to do 27 or 50
cars each,
&gt;&gt; right?
&gt;&gt; Yeah,
&gt;&gt; that's correct.
&gt;&gt; Although, would you not say that? Uh,
well, Dallas and Houston are brand new
cities. in Austin, they've been doing it
for eight months.
&gt;&gt; Maybe they need three to five months
before they decide to feel comfortable
going beyond 10 cars.
&gt;&gt; Uh I would have said that if they didn't
start right in unsupervised without
safety monitor and safety drivers.
Everyone else thought that, hey, they're
going to start, you know, with safety
monitors, safety drivers, blah blah
blah, and they didn't. So that to me
says they're ready to go and match up
the cities. So I don't see, you know,
there's it's not like they're going fast
to it. They're still like dipping their
toe only a few vehicles and whatever
they're doing. So it's not like it's
racing ahead. It's still taking like two
months to get to 50 vehicles. It's not
like, you know, anything reckless that
they're doing. It's like I'm already
doing it over here. And how different is
Dallas and Houston relative to Austin?
Like Texas cities like what are we
talking about here?
&gt;&gt; Yeah, that's true. Uh and then you say
that okay so then you carry it forward
and you go there's at least 80 plus
parked robo taxi badge vehicles in each
city and cyber caps that's true we have
seen these parked vehicles each city
reaching 100 unsupervised seems likely
&gt;&gt; and again let's ignore a little you
throw out the end of June
&gt;&gt; they're driving the vehicles in evening
now this is a path to doubling the rides
and hours of operation 10x the vehicles
and 2x the driving would be 20x the robo
taxi miles there should also be
increased size of operation Dallas and
Houston they have tiny coverage right
now. So, the geography should go up.
&gt;&gt; Um,
&gt;&gt; yeah. Okay. So, so that's where you're
you're at. What's what's your thoughts,
uh, CERN, on on this proposal?
&gt;&gt; Well, I think it's great. I think it's
it's well thought out. Um, you know,
we'll see about the timelines, but
clearly they are beginning a ramp. The
question is how much and how steep is it
going to be? And what I find really
interesting, and Brian mentioned this,
is that they initially started in Dallas
and Houston unsupervised. And I don't
think any one of us would have thought
that that would be the case.
&gt;&gt; And that's really encouraging. And I
guess my first question for Brian is
Brian, why do you think that they felt
comfortable doing that
in Houston and Dallas?
&gt;&gt; I think the um robo taxi version of 14.3
14.x
um is showing them a level of safety
that they felt more comfortable with.
Um, also a level of not doing whatever
um, stupid inconvenience fleet thing
that they were mentioning before of like
I don't know dropping off the wrong
spot, whatever the problems were that
were they concerned about traffic,
whatever the I think they it's data
driven and they see that things are
going good enough that they're willing
to to leap to that next point. And it's
again, I think also they they've been
running, you know, 15 20 vehicles
unsupervised with no with no safety
monitor in Austin for several months
now. And they said, "Yeah, we that went
fine. We can definitely do five or six
or 15 that they can get to that same
level." Um, and they didn't need the
training wheels of the of the monitor is
is my how I read um you know what's
happening.
&gt;&gt; My my I have a theory on this. Uh my
theory is that they were going to go
ahead and launch Dallas and Houston with
supervised drivers like they had planned
initially, but then in January, right,
December 15th to January 15th, they had
all these uh little fender benders that
was still happening. And so they decided
not to do that. But and and but like
you're saying, they already had probably
30 cars. I don't know what the number
is. There's some number of cars driving
in Dallas, driving in Houston with
supervised but not picking up, not a
true ride hail. They didn't announce it,
but they're already doing that. And they
probably did that for the the two to
three months that they thought that they
needed to do and then they were able to
launch it. And I think that the reason
why they decided not to launch and claim
it is because of this issue that they
had in January. They had to get that
passed and then of course the version
14.3 needed to get to that next level.1.
And my other theory is that they're
actually seeing safety monitors doing
not much that that before they actually
see what is that safety monitor doing
and we know like people think oh you
know the people who are test bears would
say oh they're grabbing the wheel like
that's not happening. So then what is
the actual amount of braking amount of
whatever stuff that they're doing there?
And if it's like actually not much then
in terms of like getting adapted to the
region they have 30 50 vehicles running
around Dallas and Houston with you know
their extra sensors with with drivers
and doing stuff where they're learning
the environment. So that phase happens
and then they decide but this other part
where the safety mon is doing something
they decides well that's not actually
not happening. So then we can go to you
know um a safety monface. So they
removing this unnecessary step. They're
still doing adaptation but it's via
their not giving passengers rides. They
have this other fleet that's doing
stuff. So, Brian, have have you looked
at when Tesla first rolled out in
Austin? They started with a very small
geoffenced area. Um, how does that size
compare with the sizes that we're seeing
now in Houston and Dallas and then the
speed at which Tesla then was able to
increase that geofenced area over time?
Have Have you looked at that at all in
terms of what that might tell us about
how quickly they could expand the
geoenced area in Dallas and Houston?
&gt;&gt; I did not look at it. Um I'm my gut to
feel of looking at the the size of of
Dallas and Houston was that they started
a bit bigger than they started in in
Austin, but then the expansion of um
Austin geopence area happened really
really quickly because they were doing
some competition thing with Whimo, but
it was increasing the size but not
really doing it because I can increase
the size and not actually run vehicles.
So, so like how did that actually map
out to what am I actually doing, right?
And that I didn't I don't know like and
I don't think anyone has outside of
Tesla has the information like even the
people who are doing rise. It's like
where am I actually getting picked up
and then where are they actually running
versus the theoretical
um larger size. So, um, yeah, but I
think these ones are real usage where
they're like running around, but they
get five vehicles, six vehicles, like
you're talking like 20, 50 rides per day
for the whole thing. It's like it's
&gt;&gt; Yeah, this is this is the actual size
area.
&gt;&gt; So, in Austin, it's 244 square miles and
then in Dallas is 31 square miles. In
Houston, it's 25 square miles.
&gt;&gt; I'm pretty sure they started at 20
square miles in Austin. that very first
map when they first did it, it was like
20 and then went 60 and then they went
bigger and bigger and bigger. But that
I'm I'm not sure we can read too much
into that size because if you only have
50 vehicles total running across 244
square miles, it's like one for every
four square miles. So you're similar
numbers here. So it's like it's um a
minimal number of vehicles covering, you
know, a whole city. It's encouraging
though, Herbert, when you look at the
Bay Area and that size of that geo
fenced area at almost,00 square miles
and of course there's a lot more
vehicles there as well and of course
right now they're all supervised but um
you know that's encouraging and perhaps
it gives us a sense as to how many
vehicles they will have initially in a
given market given given those geofenced
area and the sizes.
&gt;&gt; Well, let's talk about that because the
debate about the Bay Area is that
there's a thousand square miles. Yes,
but really it's not robo taxi. This is
human-driven rideill pilot. They only
have the license in California or yeah
in California to do ride hill just like
a limo service. You can pick up and drop
off. There happens to be a person in the
driver's seat but they're not they're
they're using FSD but they physically
have to be there
&gt;&gt; and they don't have a true autonomous
driving. So the argument that people are
saying is why have they not switched it
yet? Not even a few cars. And then why
have they not uh applied to get the
permit so that they can start tracking
the 50,000 miles that you need to be
able to do this?
&gt;&gt; So I drive in the Bay Area with FSD. It
works. So if I was doing the job of
giving people rides with that, you know,
I'd be like, you know, 90% plus not
doing any disengage. And in the times I
do disengage, it's because um you know,
navigation things, preference, there's a
lot of preference things where it's like
I don't want you to go around this and
waste another two minutes of my time. I
want to go direct. So, and in terms of
safety, you know, I haven't had, you
know, I think I maybe had um one safety
thing in the last year where it was
going to make um a left turn when, you
know, where I didn't think it would, you
know, quite safer that I would have
liked. Um so,
so I think the again the the
practicality of what they're doing is
not that much. I think the not applying
thing, I'm not sure if it's if it's not
related to some political thing like
based on them just getting the license
and getting on with it then
you know they were way ahead of we're
way ahead of where Zuks where um Whimo
were when they did it. So getting the
data just complying, getting the fe,
getting to that next stage is something
that
I mean really confuses me because I
think that they can do it. Uh why they
choose not to do it maybe a political
thing, maybe something else is my guess
because I don't think it's a safety
thing that they could push ahead with it
and I'm unclear as to why they're
choosing not to. Do you guys have any
theories about why that is?
&gt;&gt; No. No, I don't. uh you'd certainly like
them to apply as soon as they think that
they can and it makes sense and they're
going to achieve it. So does it point to
the fact that they think they won't be
able to meet the requirements perhaps?
Although that would be surprising in my
mind from what everything that we're
seeing in terms of its capability. So I
I don't know that that remains a mystery
to me. Mhm. Yeah. We had all uh as I
think the strategy was apply as a
rideill pilot, rideill limo service
permit, but then capture the data. But
they've been doing it now for much
longer than just, you know, the six
months that we thought that they needed
to get the 50,000 miles. So at this
point you got to wonder whether or not
they don't have they don't feel like
they have enough data or uh like you're
saying political reasons they feel like
this is you know let's wait until we
have um federal framework or something
else that comes in before they decide to
move forward with rolling out a true
service there
&gt;&gt; because it doesn't really slow them down
like they have I think if an account on
the on the robot tax we discussed that
before so I think instead of 500 600 a
thousand there. That's how many drivers
they had named uh physic physical human
drivers. So that you know if I named a
thousand drivers they're I'm assuming
that they're all driving. You wouldn't
like leave them on the sidelines for six
nine months. So you have a thousand cars
with thousand drivers going there. So
they're getting as much data as they
want. They're still cautious. They don't
want to like unleash whatever. and they
know that they're getting all the data
they need and they can make sure that
there's no bad headlines. It's basically
99%,
you know, the drivers aren't doing
anything, but you know, there's no zero
possibility of a bad article, any stuff,
and they're still getting all the data
and the and the miles that they need. So
increasing to and even with those
thousand vehicles they're not doing the
Whimo let's you know all evening thought
whatever you know get maximum miles so
they're not again pushing it to this is
like if you had a thousand people
thousand taxis doing full Uber ride
share you'd be giving getting like um at
least what 2,000 miles per month or
something like that from a thous0
vehicles. It would be a substantial
volume of and and do those those should
count toward the robo taxi miles whether
supervised or unsupervised. I don't
think they made that distinction. So all
the barrier miles should be going into
the quarterly report. So again, they're
not really pushing it that hard. So,
they're still um I think treating it as
if there was no driver there, but with
the safety uh option, the safety, you
know, like a um a trapeze net ready to
catch the performer. So, um but they're
not driving them as hard. It's not like
I'm trying to make Uber money. I'm
trying, you know, like or Whimo type
money where I'm driving them 10 times
more to get the rides. Like, oh, I must
get the money. It's like they're doing
it as a a research thing to when can I
get the the uh training wheels off, you
know, but I want to do it in this
stepby-step fashion. Um, so that's how
I'm kind of interpreting what's
happening. What what's interesting here,
Herbert, is that when we look at this,
you know, I put some rampant models
together some time ago and you can look
at different scenarios
and everything you do when you do that
kind of exercise is kind of linear. You
how many vehicles are you adding per
week, how many per day, how many per
month and you map it out, right? And you
can develop these different curves,
different lines. And if I look back at
that now with where we are, we're not
anywhere on any of those curves. and you
look at that and say, "Oh my gosh, this
is terrible. This is frustrating.
They're so far behind. They're missing
out here." But the reality is that they
can catch back up to any of those curves
very quickly at some point. And so I
think this notion in our minds that you
know robo taxi so delayed they're so far
behind I think is I think we need to
check that thought
because there is an aspect of you know
turning on
not necessarily the fleet but at least
activating a lot of vehicles very
quickly when they feel ready and also
other new cities.
So I just I just want to interject that
in this conversation. And it's I I sort
of feel like, you know, the
conversations I've seen, particularly on
X, it's just like everybody's so down
about where Tesla is in this. And the
challenge that we have is we don't know
the specific issues that they're facing.
Elon mentioned on the earnings call that
they're trying to deal with, you know,
some things are non-safety related. The
safety part of it, it's great. And I
think we as FSD drivers can all vouch
for that. I haven't intervened from a
from a safety perspective in a long
time. I can't remember the last time,
but navigation, preference, all those
things. And so the question is, how deep
is that list of those types of items is
Tesla working through? And how long will
it take them to work through those
items? Um, you know, parking garages. I
have a parking garage in the place where
I live now. The vehicle does not pull
into that entrance. And so I have to
intervene every single time I get there
because there's three possible
entrances. It gets there, it doesn't
know which one to go into. So, you know,
is that on Tesla's list, for example,
for for robo taxi to solve those kinds
of issues? Maybe that's not an issue so
much for a pickup and drop off situation
because you're not pulling into a
private parking garage, but I use that
as an example of the type of things that
they may be working on that are kind of
convenience, comfort kind of things
because if it's raining, you don't
really want to drop somebody off in the
middle of the street when the car could
pull up a few more feet under cover. So,
there's that. and that could be resolved
very soon or it may take them a few more
months and we don't know and that's
that's kind of frustrating I think right
for any investor to sort of look at that
and not know.
&gt;&gt; Mhm.
&gt;&gt; Uh I think we're encouraged by the fact
that they've got vehicles now in Dallas
and Houston that are unsupervised and
we're seeing a little bit of a ramp in
Austin. That that's all encouraging but
it's not where we want it to be yet.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. My thinking was uh they hired the
thousand people 500 plus people in
California because they have zero
experience running rideill service. So
let's learn a rideill service Uber
exactly like Uber not like Whimo like
Uber to learn how to do a rideill
service at semiscale you know thousand
not just 50
&gt;&gt; 100 to really understand you know about
that what you're learning there is the
app and where to send people and where
to pick up people those kind of things
so it's a ride out right that you have
to build the whole monitoring system you
have to have all this software you have
to be tracking things all these
confusing things that's what they were
doing in California. Now in uh in in uh
in other countries or in this case Texas
with the three cities I think I agree
with you sir I think what they're doing
there is they refuse to hire people
there they if they wanted to they can do
a whimo service and have 50 people from
the Philippines 50 people from the US
and they are available to do these edge
cases I think they said that's not our
goal our goal is that that would be a
weird we don't need to do that. So,
let's go ahead and just That's why it's
taken forever to solve these things that
I do not want to have to have a human
take care of. And that's why it's taken
forever knocking those things out. And
then, but once they solve that, then
they can scale and they can they can
really scale and not have to have those
people back up. That that's now as
they're rolling this one out. It's still
too small of a number for me to say that
they've solved that uh 27 here and six
here and five here are not enough. Uh
but so let's go back to what you're
saying. Uh Brian, your assumption is
that they will convert all of Austin.
The 50 plus cars will be unsupervised
from 27 now they'll just go ahead and
keep doing this over time.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; How what do you guys think about that
logic right there? All of Austin will
now be all unsupervised instead of
anymore.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. To me, the logic makes sense
unless those safety monitors are doing
something very specific that they need.
&gt;&gt; If they already have 27 of the 52 that
are already unsupervised, what's the
what's the logic of keeping the other
half or keeping it small? You know what
I mean? Like why not just
&gt;&gt; there isn't any unless those safe safety
monitors are doing something specific
that needs to be done in conjunction
with the autonomous vehicles
&gt;&gt; like maybe certain geography like keep
those guys over here or maybe certain
time of night or maybe uh anytime that
somebody there's five people in the car
three people in the car let's whatever
some whatever criteria right the ones
&gt;&gt; okay
&gt;&gt; so the my my upper unders like I was
saying 10 days just remove the rest the
other thing the the way it could linger
into June and I can't see it going past
June is to do some kind of AB test where
you have a unsupervised b supervised
with mon the monitor and then you're
doing stuff and again you're clearly
seeing here's where safety monitor
mattered here's where it doesn't so then
we pause here and then okay two weeks
three weeks if nothing's going on then
the rest go right so it's a question of
again data driven of like nothing
happened that right now we're in the AB
test phase and then you pause for a
week, two weeks, however long you feel
comfortable and then you take them out.
&gt;&gt; And it's also an AB test between Austin
and Houston and Dallas. You rolled out
in Houston and Dallas unsupervised. What
are the incidents of doing that totally
unsupervised right from the start and
not having a supervised phase? How does
that compare with what we experienced in
Austin? So all this data to compare
between these different areas,
right? And is and is the experience in
Dallas and Houston similar? Are we
getting the same number of incidences in
both cities
&gt;&gt; because we pursued the same strategy? Or
is something happening in Houston that's
very city specific that's causing us
more trouble and therefore we know we
now have to focus on that as we roll out
into Vegas and cities in Florida and so
on. The other assumption that Brian made
was that each of these Houston and
Dallas, they will increase from five and
six right now to 10 plus and eventually
100 plus of unsupervised and I think
it's too small of a number right now
five and six to talk about what you're
saying CERN. um they might want to I
don't know what the number is honestly
but let's say it's 20 30 and then you
can really find these edge cases and
compare but five or six seems still very
piloty
&gt;&gt; it's a test
&gt;&gt; test get out get a few out there you
know so that's the other assumption you
made was whether or not they will
increase Austin and Dallas by June to
100 each
&gt;&gt; right and so basically I would see that
happening
um after often goes the the 50 plus are
unsupervised um and also going to
&gt;&gt; then they double
&gt;&gt; then they double right that they and
also you know popping the um the size of
the domain um it's also teams like they
have teams like you have the overall
robo taxi group and then you have local
teams like the the team working in
Austin the team working in in Dallas of
which there's like I know two three five
10 guys there and they're doing it and
and the way Elon has done these things
before for for test for SpaceX is that
they kind of compete. You're the same
group, you're competing to make things
better, create the best um processes to
do things, right? So, you're learning
from each other and you're also trying
to innovate and do things better.
Whoever's showing the better metrics,
you're copying this across. So, and then
as they get to some level of, you know,
look at some dashboard and see, okay,
yes, this is all looking pretty good,
then they they activate Nevada, Phoenix,
Miami, etc., etc., San Antonio. So, they
keep expanding step by step. It's like,
okay, things are going good. So,
whatever they're tracking, then they'll
say, okay, now next step, next step. I'm
curious if you guys give any credence to
this idea that they're not so anxious to
roll out robo taxi with Model Y. They
would prefer to roll it out with
CyberCap. Mhm.
&gt;&gt; And so CyberCe right now is kind of
going through this validation phase that
we're seeing CyberCab in all kinds of
places all over the country, which I
find really encouraging by the way, but
they're waiting until Cyber Cab has been
validated and then you can really hit
these cities with a bigger splash and
and announce yourself and ramp up robo
taxi with CyberCab rather than Model Y
because Model Y, they can sell those.
&gt;&gt; There's demand for Model Y's. They they
can sell them and of course with FSD
improving and that's creating its own
demand. Why put those in the fleet? Why
scale Model Y when we really want to
scale CyberCap? Curious about your
thoughts on that.
&gt;&gt; I have a difference of a reason why the
difference is between um hardware 3
vehicles and hardware 4 vehicles and now
cyber cam. So hardware 3 is older
hardware 4 and we knew okay hardware 3
could not do unsupervised because memory
cameras cameras also part of it. So even
though we have the same hardware 4 in um
Cyber Cab and in the the the new
vehicles um the cameras may not be the
same and that actually can make a
difference. So presumably you've
upgraded certain technological other
things in the the cyber vehicle beyond
lower cost and economics to make it
better. Um and the the difference of
these minor what seemingly minor
differences to us is that when people
were doing tests of um you know can a
vehicle pass some safety thing you know
there was a bunch of YouTuber that that
did that there was a difference one in
between even point versions of FSD and
then there was also difference in what
was the age of the hardware going into
the test. So to your point they have
made better I believe made better
hardware for cyber capping not just for
the cost but also for the quality of the
driving autonomously. So then it will be
a step up that will make it easier to
get to better unsupervised. Um, so and
not just the economical because
economically as we know from the
Arcinvest thing, they can and and all
your analysis, they could make crap tons
of money even if things were, you know,
a buck per mile instead of.7 cents per
mile instead of 30 cents per mile. That
is not where the difference is. The
difference is that, you know, does it
just work? Is it just safer? And so that
is in the phase we are now. like does
these new cyber cabs with better cameras
with other
placement modifications that have been
done in a new vehicle that they that
baseline should be better. They may take
time to polish off the edges to achieve
that superior performance but the the
capability to do better is there.
&gt;&gt; So would they actually wait for that
though Brian?
&gt;&gt; Yeah, I've got an answer to that. Yeah.
&gt;&gt; Okay. So, what did you think herbert on
that?
&gt;&gt; So, uh let's start with they rolled out
Model Y's and these Model Y's aren't the
regular Model Y's. They've got the
special spray washers all over. They
probably improved all the cameras,
better cameras, the best cameras.
&gt;&gt; They're going to keep using this.
They've got the badge and everything.
This is part of the fleet.
&gt;&gt; Now, uh Brian pointed out that there's
and I don't know these if this is
correct. You said there's 80 plus parked
robo taxi badge Model Y vehicles in each
city. Okay. We've seen those parked
lots. I don't know how many there were,
but let's assume he's correct that
there's 80 in Austin, 80 Well, I don't
know about Austin, but 80 in Dallas and
80 in Houston. And that's where you come
up with I think you you're saying that
they might ramp that up to 100 Model Y's
in a in Houston and 100 Model Y's in
Dallas. And then you're going to get the
50 plus. uh they'll all be converted in
Austin and eventually all the they'll
add another 50 in Austin. So now I think
that makes sense. You have a 100 Model Y
in each city unsupervised. Well, they
need those Model Y because 10% of all
drives are need more than two
passengers.
&gt;&gt; And some people just prefer Model Y's
bigger, you know, maybe I got my I I saw
somebody bring in their, you know, baby
stroller or something that they or the
bike. I saw once somebody put the bike
in the Model Y in the back in the back
seat or something like that, you know.
So that's what my my guess if you have a
hundred in each city and that you need
about 10% are two plus then you put
you're going to get a thousand robo
taxis in each city 900 of which in each
city are going to be
&gt;&gt; cyber capab
&gt;&gt; right yeah that makes sense. Yeah.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Go on sir. Go on. No, absolutely.
There'll be a variety of vehicles
including cyber trucks and robo vans and
everything else one day.
&gt;&gt; But you don't need Yeah, but you What
percentage do you need? Cyber
&gt;&gt; cyber small granted
&gt;&gt; 2%, you know.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Although things change a little
bit when you start to gobble up uh
vehicle ownership than then you need
more vehicles that can do a variety of
things. But initially you don't.
&gt;&gt; But I guess my question still stands.
Are they intentionally slow rolling the
roll out of robo taxi for cybercap? But
you're saying Herbert, there's plenty of
up to the 100,
&gt;&gt; right?
&gt;&gt; Okay. And then beyond that though,
&gt;&gt; are they waiting for CyberAP?
&gt;&gt; Yes.
&gt;&gt; Okay.
&gt;&gt; They're not waiting for CyberCap.
Cybercap's here.
&gt;&gt; Well,
&gt;&gt; if anything, CyberCap's waiting for
Roboaxi to catch up.
&gt;&gt; Well, if if CyberCap is fully validated,
if they've gone through that validation
process that they feel that they need to
go through. Well, so I've said this and
I'm saying I do not believe the cyber
cabab is imminent that you were going to
see a cyber cabab in robo taxi. I think
they might do one, you know, like oh the
very first one, sure, but not really. I
don't think you're going to start seeing
the flow for at least 3 months or
longer. I think that road cyber cab you
need to have I was I again I don't know
these numbers but let me guess a
thousand cyber cabs
in the roads being tested before they
feel comfortable putting the first you
know 10 20 50 cyber cabs in robo taxi
service it is a different vehicle than
the model wise we've had millions of
Model Y's driving around with the the
right camera setup some people think
that that's ah that's trivial yes they
already know the difference between in
the Cyber Cab uh the the the the camera
difference in camera setup because
they've already done it with the Cyber
Truck. They figured things out. Yeah,
that could be true. But this is still, I
think, very different vehicle. Very
different. The way it turns, the way it
stops, how fast it moves. Um the the
rear wheels different than the front
wheels.
Just everything about it is different.
So I think that they will need at least
a thousand of them driving around for
months before they feel comfortable that
it's uh FSD ready.
&gt;&gt; So So this raises another question then
Herbert. How many times does a new
vehicle call a cyber cab need to drive
on a particular road to for Tesla to be
comfortable with that validation process
that it it is properly validated and can
handle that roadway? Is it once or is it
more than once?
&gt;&gt; I mean Genma JP's articles are
fantastic. guy his he's he's he's
probably the the leading expert in all
of this and I don't have his numbers in
front of me but I know that
&gt;&gt; well well some data points that we know
from the past was that um
&gt;&gt; they were able to get um FSD supervised
from the United States to China with
just video training right so the
adaptation level is you're getting a a
significant number of nines already
before you have to do this extra work.
But the question is, you know, fine, I
get to 99% or 99.9 with a straight I
don't do anything. But they may not be
satisfied with that. They may need to
have 99.999
before they can say, "Okay, now we we're
cutting loose again." So, um, it's a
question of, you know, you're getting a
lot. You can do a lot of capability and
then as I improve everything, I can just
plop it into different cities, different
locations. And just like I'm a become a
better driver, I can handle um San
Francisco, I can handle LA, I can handle
Taipei, I can handle Bangkok, you know,
I can just pop around. So um as you get
move up the general level, it's easier
to move it around is is my thinking. Um
but where we are right now this year is
we don't know. Although the points going
from here to Elon talked about Q4
um unsupervised generally for FSD for
for consumers uh people who own vehicles
and or Q1 having that point that if
we're on some kind of trajectory towards
a significant mass solve in that time
then getting from here to there requires
a lot of progress like you know only a
thousand vehicles per city is not to,
you know, 20,000 per city and a million
across our
&gt;&gt; states. No, I Yeah, my my number still
is by the end of this year, I think
we're going to be at 10,000 robo taxis
or 15,000 robo taxis. I'm not ready to
say it's going to be 20 30 40 50,000,
&gt;&gt; right?
&gt;&gt; So, if it's 10,000 or 15,000, that's
a,000 per city,
&gt;&gt; right? For 15 cities. 10 15 cities.
&gt;&gt; For 15 cities. And I think that that's
what he said. 12 states probably 20
cities and I think we might get to that
but you know let's say you know
different stages some are a thousand
some are 500 but I think that that's
their goal because that's how many cyber
caps and so what you said I think
certain is the thing that really uh I
agree with you completely that I think
that the I wouldn't say that they're
slow rolling it now I think cybercap is
waiting for robo taxi but that the
cybercap is robo taxi not the model wise
&gt;&gt; and so they need that's why a they
cannot roll Listen, they cannot put a
cyber cab out there and then there's
massive a big PR event of a accident
because that's going to brand a cyber
cab.
&gt;&gt; The cyber cab has to be perfect.
&gt;&gt; It's got to be it's like it's it's it's
it is the brand for Tesla's robo taxi.
&gt;&gt; I think they need to slow that down.
Okay.
&gt;&gt; Thank you so much, Brian. I appreciate
it. Yeah.
&gt;&gt; Just let me finish my thought. basically
um so cyberc cab being slow road and
slow road and being sure made sure that
it's done right is very critical and
then like you're like you're saying I
think they'll do a 100 model wise and
then they'll do the rest cyber cabs and
it's got that that is what robo taxi is
here's sounds good I agree with you
here's something interesting um I just
asked AI how many vehicles would you
need
&gt;&gt; to validate every single road in the
United ites over a 3-month period.
&gt;&gt; Mhm.
&gt;&gt; Any guess on what the number is?
&gt;&gt; My guess would be, man, I mean, gosh, we
have a million plus
uh customer vehicles that are validating
every road now.
&gt;&gt; Well, I'm talking about cyber cabs. If
you said, "Okay, we need we need cyber
cabs to drive every road in the United
States."
&gt;&gt; How many would you need to do it in a
three-month period? See, I would still
look just basing on what they're doing
in California with a thousand, I would
say at least a,000 per city, 50,000,
30,000, 30,000.
&gt;&gt; So, according to this, and I'm not sure
if this is entirely right. Uh, this is
thanks to Google's Gemini. So, who
knows? Um, according to Gemini, there's
4.1 million miles of road in the United
States. And they're saying that, you
know, to account for multi-lane roads
and highways, you might need 8.8 million
miles. Okay? And if you're doing it in
in three months and accounting for a
time, you know, 10 hours a day, an
average speed 30 miles an hour.
&gt;&gt; Oh, yeah. Okay.
&gt;&gt; You would need 322 vehicles.
&gt;&gt; That's it.
&gt;&gt; Right.
&gt;&gt; Too slow.
&gt;&gt; We're seeing that vehicles are being
fanned out across the country. We're
seeing them in all kinds of places now
and not just in cities,
between cities and rural areas. Um, now
the AI points out that you've got, you
know, dead head problem. Sometimes you
find yourself at the end of a road in a
culde-sac and you got to turn around.
So, you know, maybe you need 500 to 700
vehicles if you were trying to map.
&gt;&gt; What are you trying? Are you talking
about mapping like HD mapping and
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Sorry. Not so much mapping. I
think it's validating. It's it's making
sure that cyber cab
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; works on every road in the country and
identifying where the problems are.
&gt;&gt; I see. No. Okay. I was I was thinking
you were talking about validating of
robo taxi services in a particular city.
um you know in California they have a
thousand cars and they've been there for
eight over over 3 months it's like eight
months now six six seven eight months
now and they have not yet rolled it out
so
&gt;&gt; now of course the other thing to point
out too Herbert is is it's no use
necessarily validating cyber cable on
every road in the US because they can't
roll out robo taxi in every state yet
&gt;&gt; so focus on the states where it's
allowable
&gt;&gt; and it's clear it's going to be Arizona
it's going to be Florida it's going to
be Texas it's going to be Nevada start
with those four states.
&gt;&gt; Maybe it's California, but there's some
issues there.
&gt;&gt; So, we saw that uh semi the semi the the
video of the Tesla semi filled with
cyber cabs and are being delivered. Um
Joe Techmar said that there's 40 or 50
sitting on a lot and every day maybe 20
more and they're being sent somewhere.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; So, I think that they're being sent to
do to do what so that when they do
launch it will be with a cyber cab
unsupervised first. So they probably
need three months plus with I don't know
what the number is 50 cyber caps per
city validating the area making sure
it's not just validating that the roads
are you know I know what the roads are
it's actually knowing how the car is
going to behave
&gt;&gt; behavior of the car yeah
&gt;&gt; you know robo taxis and actually testing
it so that when they launch it it will
be unsupervised right off the bat as
opposed to having a supervisor there
because they're doing it now with the
cyber cabs.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. I don't think you can have a
supervisor in a cyber cab. I don't think
that's going to work.
&gt;&gt; That's That's the question I was asking
somebody because there's only two room
for two people.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; Is it really weird there's a guy in the
sitting in the you know
&gt;&gt; and then hey come on in and you're
sitting right beside me. That is not a
role with taxi service cuz you don't
even do that with Uber and all that. You
rarely sit in front with the guy.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; So if that's the case, they do need to
launch this as unsupervised right off
the bat. And if that's the case, they
need to have multiple cyber cabs in that
city for many months prot if they're
already pre-rolling it and so that when
they do launch it, there's no
supervisor.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. And I think it's an open question
for me in terms of what that time frame
is for cyber cab between now vehicles
rolling off the production line and
maybe it's only 20 40 a day but they're
going to start piling up and you're
using a certain amount of them
nationwide now for validation for
whatever the testing they're doing and
validation they're doing but there you
get to a point as as we just saw that
maybe with 300 500 or 700 that's enough
for that purpose and now you better then
start doing something with with these
because they're going to start piling up
in parking lots and they can pile up in
parking lots city by city for a little
while just like we've seen a collection
of vehicles now in in Las Vegas and
Houston and Miami and other places but
at some point you need to put them into
service and so I'm wondering out loud
what that time frame is for cyber cabin
and I think that's going to be
interesting um hopefully at sometime
this summer
&gt;&gt; that there will be a robo taxi one robo
taxi or like many oh
&gt;&gt; I think it needs to be many because it
doesn't solve your problem of the cars
piling up in parking lots if you just
roll out
Yeah. Yeah.
&gt;&gt; You you need to roll it out and actually
then have a place for all these
production vehicles to go
&gt;&gt; and be put into service.
&gt;&gt; Otherwise, you're going to have this
this problem.
It's like the classic, you know,
assembly line problem where you've got a
person doing something and suddenly the
assembly line starts
&gt;&gt; well. This is where my theory is they
will do maybe, you know, they'll do a
symbolic we got the very first cyber cap
and I want to be I'm hoping please
choose me. let me come out there and do
this. And they might have a handful,
like they did last time, 10 10 cyber
cabs in Austin ready to be hailed.
&gt;&gt; Sure,
&gt;&gt; they'll do that.
&gt;&gt; Y
&gt;&gt; but then I think that they're the Let's
say that they're doing 20 20 cyber cabs
a day.
That's 500 a month. 600 a month. That's
like the first months will be hundreds a
month, right?
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. 500, you know, 800,000. So let's
say that's 2,000 by 3 months from now.
That's where I'm thinking that that's
when they'll start to put 900 in Dallas,
900 here.
&gt;&gt; So they've got plenty of kind of slow
roll to put them in into service. But I
don't think that's why I'm thinking it
still be 3 months. And in the in the
meantime, these 500 that they make,
these 500 to a,000 that they make in the
next three months, they'll be used as
validating each city and there's what 10
plus 12 up to 12 cities. So maybe six
cities, they're validating it and
getting it ready to go.
&gt;&gt; And maybe they go ahead and do some of
the work that you need to do nationwide.
So that anticipating
national legislation, for example, of
being able to roll out autonomous
vehicles everywhere, then they're ready
day one. It's not like the legislation
gets approved and then Tesla says,
"Okay, well now we're going to spend the
next year."
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; Validating every city. It's like, "No,
we've already done the work."
&gt;&gt; Wonderful. I think we covered a lot
today. That's good. So you guys, you
know that I like his thinking. Brian's
thinking that it will um that they will
continue getting the they'll replace all
of the Austin ones, which is 50 plus
cars will be unsupervised. And it seems
to be that's what they're doing. A
couple cars every day and then maybe
double that to 100. That makes sense to
me. And then these six, it's too too too
small for me for Dallas and Houston to
they can keep it at five and six under
10 for a long time if they if that was
what they were they really needed to.
That's what they did in Austin. Kept it
such tiny numbers for a long time. But
if you do see that it goes past 10 and
it starts going to 20, then I see what
he's he's saying, okay, that they will
then make it 100 in each and then I
think my theory is that they will want
100 each because that's that's what
they'll need and then they'll start
they'll start adding cyber capabs to get
the the other 900 eventually.
&gt;&gt; I like Herbert's robo taxi theory. It
makes sense to me
&gt;&gt; and I I like your thought and I agree
with it which cybercap is the brand. It
is what the brand is. So I think you're
right that they don't you know let's
when we roll out and it's like perfect
timing we want to roll out with it's
cyber capab is the robo taxi not model
wise this is just testing
&gt;&gt; for the most part just the beginning
yeah
&gt;&gt; thank you so much CERN that was fun and
thank you to Brian at next big feature
follow CERN at his um website
brilliantadvice.net net. Thanks
everybody.
&gt;&gt; Thanks Herbert.
&gt;&gt; I've created a website that is the most
comprehensive resource for the Tesla
investor. Please check it out. Simply go
to my website at herbert.com.