Channel:     investingagainstthegrain
Title:       Tesla and SpaceX Merger: How Iran and Fed Moves Are Affecting Markets
URL:         https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qcFke6bxR5U
Published:   2026-06-22 01:10 UTC
Fetched:     2026-06-22 02:00 UTC

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Tension between Iran and the US starts
up again as Iran threatens to close the
straight of hormuz and we have huge
earnings this week when it comes to
Micron and what could be the determining
factor on what happens with the whole AI
play and infrastructure play moving
forward and Tesla continues to print
cyber caps and we've even got some very
interesting new photos and images to
look at today. We have a lot to talk
about SpaceX, Tesla, Micron, the Fed,
lots to go over and if nothing better I
am not doing that well. Let's get into
it.
&gt;&gt; You're crazy.
&gt;&gt; So, we'll kick it off today with a
little memo for you guys. Not today's
sponsor, not a sponsor ever. Uh,
Dayquill is my alcoholic beverage choice
of the day. Happy Father's Day to
everyone. I have spent my father's day
in bed sick all day. But I'm here with
you guys. I'm here to show you what a
drunk on Dayquil Nick looks like. So,
we'll see where this conversation goes.
Hopefully, it's of some value. If not,
maybe you guys will get a good laugh one
way or another. All right, let's start
off with the first thing that has been
going on all weekend. Of course, we've
got more drama with the Straight of
Hormuz, with Iran, with the United
States. Apparently, we have Iran at in
Switzerland with the United States
negotiating on the nuclear part of the
deal. Then there are rumors that no,
actually Iran left after Trump
threatened them. Then only to find out
that they're actually still there, still
negotiating. Lots of drama, lots of
noise. Truth is, the only thing we
actually know is that there are still
vessels moving through the straight of
Hormuz. And that's good. That's a good
sign. And that's why we see oil and
gasoline coming down in prices. I I
believe gasoline nationally fell below
$4 um a gallon for the first time since
the conflict began. Take it with what
you will. There's some good signs,
there's some bad signs, more drama.
Likely the market will probably see
through it, but it also might get a
little shaky tomorrow to start off. With
that said, we also had the Fed. Okay, so
the Fed, Kevin Worsh, uh this was like
the big thing that we had last week,
really for the entire month. I've been
telling you guys on and on that I've
been very light on my trades. I've
barely traded this month. I've been just
very, you know, kind of standoffish,
just trading what I already had on,
managing those trades. And the reason
for it is I want to avoid a big binary
event like Kevin Walsh coming and giving
his first ever press conference as a new
Fed chairman. Also, I want to avoid the
SpaceX IPO in case anything happened
from that. Now, both of those turned out
to be nothing burgers. Much like what I
was saying, uh, again, now I know it
might sound like I'm speaking out of
both sides of my mouth, but let me just
contextualize this for you. There's
trading and there's investing. I like to
trade on top of my portfolio. That's the
goal, to make more money while I wait
for my stocks to appreciate. That's the
idea. With that said, when I trade, I
try to avoid binary events. I try to
avoid the avoidable. I'm not always
trying to make every last possible
dollar. I'm trying to trade so I can
sustain the test of time and do this for
longevity. That's what's worked for me.
That's why I've been doing this for so
many years successfully and that's what
I try to teach in the options crash
course. But with that said, I knew that
we had the SpaceX IPO coming up and I
knew that we had this big Fed meeting. I
don't know how it's going to turn out.
That's a flip of the coin. Maybe the
market likes it. Maybe the market
punishes. Maybe the market decides, hey,
uh, we don't like what Wars is saying.
or maybe they think, hey, things are
getting too frothy with the SpaceX IPO
and the whole market starts sell off. I
have no idea. What I can control is how
I go into it. And by doing that, I made
sure that I had fewer trades on, fewer
net new trades on, and I had plans for
how I would manage the existing
positions I had on. I obviously wasn't
zero trades on. I haven't been zero
trades on in gosh, I don't know how many
years. I always have something on. The
idea was I want to have a calculated
approach to it. Obviously, my stocks, I
still held them. They did what they did,
but that was the plan. I was at the same
time saying that I don't think that the
market's going to punish the Fed. I
thought that the market would actually
reward the Fed. Like I've been saying,
it's like you get a new boss and
sometimes that new boss, you're like,
"Oh man, who's this guy trying to change
how things are done? We don't like him."
Other times you're like, "Oh man, thank
god that last guy's out of here. We we
like this new guy. We needed someone
different." And I think that's how the
market's going to treat the Fed,
especially with Kevin Worsh. Now, he's
only one man, but he's already saying
some very bold things. It, for lack of a
better way of explaining this, he
essentially wants to take the Fed from
its archaic way of getting data for
measuring inflation and really using
kind of a true flation type approach
where we have more realtime data. This
would be a very, very big deal. this
would be modernizing the Fed in ways
that we haven't seen. So, I'm all about
it. I think this would actually be
really good and only time will tell, but
I think the market's going to reward
this behavior. We also, like I said,
have this drama with uh with Iran. Uh
you can see here, Trump has said Iran
must immediately stop their highly paid
proxies in Lebanon from causing trouble.
If they don't, we'll hit Iran very hard,
just like we did last time, only harder.
He's now kind of I don't want to say
escalating the rhetoric cuz it's more of
the same rhetoric, but he's now saying
that he'll hit them harder. He's talking
about taking over Iran, taking over uh
Car Island, right? All the same stuff.
And meanwhile, what we have is we have
the Houthies attacking in Lebanon and
attacking Israel and Israel's
retaliating. And you've got this whole
back and forth, back and forth. The way
JD Vance explained it was kind of like a
chicken in the egg where one person
fires and the other feels like they have
to retaliate and all this back and
forth. Long story short, there is there
is still tension and we have a lot of
these like little proxy uh terrorist
groups that are going to continue to
flare things up and I think it's just
the way it's going to be moving forward.
I do think the market's going to look
through this. It doesn't mean that the
markets won't react at all, but I do
think they'll look through it and I
don't think it's really uh that big of
an issue. We do have one big concern
coming up uh when it comes to the
markets. And I don't want to say
concern, that's the wrong way to say it.
Um maybe a better way of saying it is
one big potential decision on which way
this market's going to go and that's
micron earnings. Now micron earnings
coming up are going to be very important
to understand which way which way we go
from here. On the one hand we know that
the AI infrastructure buildout is
insatiable. We know that demand for
Nvidia chips, uh, Micron chips, SanDisk,
everything is just is just so backlogged
that we can't keep up with demand. We
get that. However, there is the risk of
these companies having such a high bar
to hit that they disappoint there. And
this could happen for a few different
reasons. Imagine just imagine you have a
a company. We'll just keep it or just
use Tesla. We'll use Tesla for example.
Let's say Tesla had a crazy amount of
demand that they couldn't fill uh
fulfill. However, they were missing one
little component in the vehicle and
therefore they couldn't build the
vehicles and ship them out, right? That
would be that one bottleneck would slow
down everything. Same thing could happen
to Micron when it comes to building
their chips and building their memory.
If that happens, that could be a reason
why all of a sudden they say, "Hey, we
actually couldn't sell as many as we
thought because of XYZ." And that could
send the stock and the whole market
really in a bit of a correction
territory. And don't think this won't
happen. It happened to uh it happened to
Oracle and even happened to Broadcom.
It's it's definitely possible. Do I
think it's likely? No. I think I think
Micron will continue to to really just
crush it. If I'm being frank with you, I
I think it's going to go up. But this
this poses the other risk. You have the
one risk where Micron disappoints or
doesn't quite meet their guidance and
that could send the market down.
anything you have that's tied to the
space could be uh could could result in
a negative uh result because of that. On
the other hand, let's say that Micron
does crush it. If you have anything like
if you have any short calls, cover calls
on Micron or Sandis or any companies
like this, it could test you on that
side as well. Just keep in mind of
what's going on here and what the
possible results are. Right now, I
believe there's like a 16% or 16% move
expected for Micron. Uh, that's plus or
minus. Pretty decent move, but really
not for Micron is pretty standard kind
of move for Micron at this point. Micron
is the big one for this week. Micron is
the heavyweight. Their earnings will be
on Wednesday. Don't miss it. I I highly
recommend you go and listen to the
conference call. It's probably going to
be very telling, especially for anyone
trying to invest in other companies or
trade other products. It'll be it'll be
a call that probably has a lot of signal
in it to tell you where the constraints
are in this market and where the risks
are and where the potential
opportunities are. Now, we got a lot to
talk about Tesla, but before we do that,
I want to share um this past Saturday, I
had another options crash course, just
another fantastic one. So many brilliant
people. We even had a former uh former
uh employee from Goldman Sachs where he
learned how to trade options in uh from
Goldman Sachs themselves and you know
even he had very kind words about the
course. He joined the course so that he
could get a refresher. He even said that
uh when it comes to options like he
never learned any of this at school that
Goldman Sachs would put people through
their own kind of little academy if you
will and he said the stuff that we were
teaching in the crash course was just
phenomenal. So, can't thank him enough.
And then we also have uh this comment
here from Kosa. Great course. I took one
exa I took one exactly a week ago. It
was 12 hours of gold. Highly recommend
it. You're if you're serious about
options. And again, I don't care if
you're very serious about options. I
don't care if you're not serious about
options. If you're going to touch
options at all, I don't care if it's
with me, if it's with someone else.
Learn how to properly trade options.
There's a right way and a wrong way to
do it. There's a way to do it where
you're just complete yoloing and
gambling and then there's a right way.
My goal is to help you learn how to make
money off your portfolio. How to
generate 1 to 4% per month on your
portfolio without having to sell your
shares. That's the whole goal. I have
this this uh desire to really spread the
message of financial independence with
everybody. Whether you're someone who's
retired and you don't know how to
extract more money off of your portfolio
and people are telling you there's the
4% rule that you take out 4% a year or
you just have your uh minimum safe
withdrawal rates. Like listen, that's
all great if you don't understand how
this instrument works. But options are
liberating. Options will allow you to
live a different life. I have a
one-on-one client where he's literally
doing this for his mother and his mother
is now able to just live a much more
rich and valuable life. Th this is the
goal, right? This is the goal is to help
other people to find financial
independence if you're younger. If
you're like me and you just want to get
to a point where you can retire earlier
so you can work on projects you're
you're interested in or if you're
someone who is already retired and
you're like, "Hey, I have all this
wealth, but I don't know how to make it
make me money." That's the idea. I teach
you how to fish. The idea is you come,
you take the crash course and then you
know what to do. You know how to do
everything that I do. I'm not here to
upsell you on anything. I'm not here to
keep you on. It's the worst sales pitch
in the world. I'm here to help you learn
how to how to do this so that you can
have financial independence and have
true freedom. Anyways, if you want to
join, links down below. Um, sign up now
cuz prices will be going up uh for the
next one. With that said, let's talk
Tesla because this is kind of
mind-blowing to me. People keep on
doubting where this is going. I don't
know how else to make the obvious
obvious. Here's here's what's
mind-blowing to me. It's like you have a
and if you don't watch football, I
apologize, but here's my analogy for
you. You have someone who just had a
pick six. In other words, they just
intercepted a football and they're about
to be they're about to run the ball into
into the into their end zone to score,
right? So, they got the ball, they've
got no defenders, anyone around them,
and they're sitting there and they're on
the 10 yard line, on the 5 yardd line,
and everybody's sitting there saying,
"Oh, we don't know if they're going to
score. There's no defenders around.
They're literally one step away from
being in the end zone. They're gonna
score. Like, do you really need them to
be in the end zone to know that they're
going to score? Some people might say
yes, and that's fair. I'm not one of
those people. I'm one of those people
that says, "Hey, I can see where this is
going. I can see the breadcrumbs. It's
very obvious." It's like having a puzzle
where you have everything done except
two pieces and you're like, "Oh, is he
going to finish the puzzle? I don't
know. I have no idea. Maybe he will.
Maybe he won't. I don't know what's
going to happen. Will he be able to
figure it out?" Like obviously that's
how I feel right now about Tesla with
robo taxis and cyber cabs. Guys, look at
this. Look at this picture. Houston robo
taxi hub. This was on uh June 20th. 45
cyber cabs observed today. Up from 31
last week. No vehicles had cyber cab
decals. Okay. And this is just the cyber
cabs. It's not including the robo taxis,
which is all the red and black Model Y
that we've seen. This is growing fast.
And if you and look at this. Okay,
here's another image of one of the cyber
cabs with the um call it the LAR, the
geospacing equipment that they've been
putting on top of the robo taxis before
they either launch city or they expand a
new geo area. This is happening. It's
coming. I can't tell you the exact date.
I can't tell you the exact week. All I
can tell you is Tesla would not be
making all these cyber cabs at the
numbers they are. They wouldn't be
positioning them in all these places if
they were not about to do something big.
Again, I can't tell you when. I can't
tell you how. I can't tell you what
cities. I can't tell you any of the
stuff. All I can tell you is what I see
with my own eyes. And I think you see
it, too. There's a lot here that people
are just discounting. They they seem to
not believe it. And they draw their
their assumption of how Tesla's doing is
based on the stock price. Look, the
stock price is the stock price. This is
the market. This is buyers and sellers.
It's all it is. Okay? This has nothing
to do with the company itself. At least
not in the short term. Not when we have
all this surround drama, not when we
have rotations, not when we have new Fed
Fed uh speakers, uh not when we have all
this stuff, all this uncertainty. What
matters here is is Tesla doing what they
said they're going to do. Are they
making progress towards that? And they
clearly are. Or who knows, maybe I'm
wrong. Maybe let's let's look at the
other other side. Maybe Tesla is
building all these cyber cabs just for
show and tell. It's all vaporware.
They're wasting all this money on these
cars. They're printing them over and
over because they just want to test out
this production line and then they're
going to destroy all these vehicles.
They ship them out to all these
different cities just so they can bring
them back so they can destroy them. And
we're never going to see any of this
happen. Even though you use FSD and it
works amazingly, it's not going to
happen. Right? That's the counter. I
choose to think that that's not
rational. Okay. Again, in this picture,
you have a Cybert truck and a uh cyber
cab with the same equipment on top of
it. It seems just inevitable to me.
Again, I don't know when, but it just
seems inevitable. And it seems like the
more and more that they print these
cyber cabs, the more and more it's about
to happen. And I do think it's one of
those moments where it's slow at first,
then all at once. They have said that
consistently. Why are they saying that
tagline if for no other reason? We also
have all these different cities that
supposedly Tesla was going to launch
into in the first half of the year. We
haven't seen that yet. So again, that's
going to be another big deal. And I
think a lot of this will probably happen
before we get to their earnings. There's
another thing to keep in mind, too. Take
a look at this. This is from Koshi
Justin. 70% chance Tesla SpaceX merged
this year. I think that this is more and
more likely to happen. Here's I mean
again, just look at the breadcrumbs.
We've been seeing Chimath and Jason's
talk about this since since um December
then over the weekend. You know what?
Time out. Let me get a quick sip here.
Apologize you guys. I'm struggling.
All right. So, anyways, I know a lot of
you probably like, "Ah, that's bad for
you." Well, I need it. Um so, we've seen
Chimoth and Jason talk about the
potential of this merger, right? They
were in December of 2025 on stage saying
wink wink, we don't know anything. H
right. And that was the first time we
really heard anything about this. Then
we heard them talk about again in
January on the on podcast. Since then we
heard it more and more and more. I I
heard Andrew Rosin talking about it this
weekend with Pierce Morgan, right? We've
seen everybody talk about essentially
it's a done deal. Uh, even Tom Sausnoff,
the the founder of Tasty Trade and
Thinker Swim, who's not an Elon fan at
all. He does not like Elon. He does not
like Tesla. He thinks the company's
overhyped. All that stuff. Even he said,
"Oh, it's a done deal. It's everyone
knows it's happening. It's a done deal."
To me, that is what they've been doing.
That is the whole point of getting all
this out there. They were trying to get
it into
they wanted people to hear this so much
that it became one of those things where
oh yeah we all knew that was going to
happen. It was inevitable so that
there's no push back. The other reason
why I think this is going to happen
sooner than later again is because I
think there's a political risk. I think
you could have a risk with Congress if
they don't essentially get this done
this year. I think they have to shift
left. I think they have to do it this
year. They probably have to vote for it
or get a vote, right? Get the proxy on.
All that has to get done. And hey, guess
what? Elon just exercised more options.
So now he has more voting rights with
Tesla. Now he has up to 19% voting
rights for Tesla. I wonder why he would
do that all of a sudden out of nowhere.
Now he could have waited till August,
but he decided to do it now. Maybe
there's something here, maybe there's
not. But again, I think we're reading
the tea leaves correctly, but time will
tell. Here's where here's what I'm going
moving forward. Okay? And I can only
tell you what's what I'm doing cuz you
know what's right for me may not be
right for you. But I'll just tell you
what I'm doing right now. I'm going into
this next call it 2 months. Probably not
going to sell any cover calls on Tesla.
It doesn't seem worth it to me right
now. The riskreward doesn't seem to be
there in case there is something that
happens. I'm also going to continue to
be very cautious with like Micron and
companies like that because they are
getting, you know, it's hard. Their
valuation makes sense, but at the same
time, they've run so hard. They've run
so fast that they're probably the ones
that are most likely to sell off
afterwards. And that's something that I
kind of want to just be aware of. You
know, there is such thing as as too much
of a good thing. And I think we might
see that with SanDisk and and Micron.
Now with Micron earnings coming up, keep
in mind that could have repercussions
for a company like SanDisk. So again, if
you've got short calls or covered calls
on SanDisk, and Micron does well, that
will probably reverberate into SanDisk
as well. This is why I talk about
keeping your portfolio when it comes to
stocks. I like to keep my stocks very uh
narrow, not diversified. To me,
diversification with stocks is a hedge
against ignorance. However, when it
comes to trading, I like to be
diversified in my trades because those
aren't long-term. Those have a finite
date when those are done. Those are
there I I place those are there to make
me income. The only reason I trade the
top of my portfolio is to bring in more
income. That's it. That's the only
reason. My stocks are the ones that help
appreciate and value my portfolio. And
then my trading helps create my income,
right? So, that's that's the game here.
I have this big portfolio and I've
turned it into an engine that when I
trade on top of it over here, it spits
me out income 1 to 4% per month
continually over and over. What do I
have to do? I have to have good market
awareness. I have to have good
mechanics. I have to stay disciplined
and I have to not be greedy. Okay?
Essentially, I have to do the boring
stuff, you know? So, so that's it.
That's all I have to do. But so right
now, what I'm trying to do is make sure
that my trades are diversified. I don't
want to have all my trades in Micron, in
Sandis, in Nvidia, etc. Because if
anything happens with that sector,
that's going to affect all my trades.
And now, guess what? Well, now Nick
doesn't have that nice steady income.
Now, Nick's just trying to defend these
trades. So, instead, I like to I like to
be diversified trades in Palunteer, in
Tesla, in Apple, in Microsoft, in
Amazon, in Meta, in Micron, in Sandis,
right? I like to be diversified with
where I'm at. It's not saying that you
can't be in tech. Just don't be
completely isolated to one niche of
tech. And I think there's a lot of
opportunity out there right now. So
again, I'm sorry if uh this seemed a
little off today, but like I said, it's
Father's Day and I haven't been able to
hold my son or anything and I'm just
over here just trying to get better. So
I hope everybody has a great week. I
hope if you're a father or a soon tobe
father or you have a father that you you
have a great Father's Day and yeah,
let's um let's hope for for a really
good week. I'm I am optimistic. I do
think it's going to be a good week. I do
think a lot of this Iran stuff is just
kind of noise. Uh again, doesn't mean
the markets won't move, but I do think
overall it's noise. I do think, listen,
I I get lots of uh I get lots of uh hate
comments in, you know, down below. And
I'll also get people saying, "Oh, I
thought you said Tesla all-time highs."
I'm I'm sticking with it. I still think
Tesla is gonna be reaching alltime highs
soon. Again, you can think otherwise,
but you know, I can see it in the
momentum. I can see it in what they're
doing with cyber cabs. I can see it.
It's there. Once it's not there, I'll
tell you that, hey, narrative has
changed. I'm happy to change my mind.
I'm happy to change my opinion, but I
can only what I do is I don't predict
what the market's going to do. All
right? What I try to do is just read
what the market is telling us. And right
now, the market's telling us that Tesla
is set up to hit an all-time highs. Now,
if tomorrow we sell off to like 350,
that narrative changed. It's no longer
set up for an all-time highs. So, that's
all I can do. I don't try to predict the
market. I just read the market and I
tell you what it says and I go from
there. It's one of the things that um I
talk a lot about with my one-on-one
students is that I'm not trying to guess
where things are going. I just see
what's happening and I react to that and
that's how I trade. Now, when it comes
to investing with stocks, that's a
little different. That's more long-term
picture, right? So, you need to have an
opinion about where the company is
going. So, that's how I would diversify
or diversify disting I'm just losing it
here, guys. That's how I would
distinguish the two. But all right.
Well, I hope you have a great week. Um,
I look forward to hearing from all of
you guys. Please leave comments down
below. And again, if you want to sign up
for the crash course, the link's down
below. Have a great one. Cheers.