Channel:     cernbasher
Title:       The Part Of Robotaxi That Scale Makes Harder
URL:         https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yaDjNKiQHk8
Published:   2026-09-07 12:00 UTC
Fetched:     2026-09-07 13:00 UTC

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Most of us, I think, have assumed that
Tesla needs to figure this out in every
single scenario, but you know what? It
may be a lot easier just to change the
way that some of these things are
assigned. If FSD's having trouble seeing
gates, perhaps, for a train track, I
don't I don't believe it does, but I'm
just giving that as an example.
&gt;&gt; Make the hits better, bigger. Yeah.
&gt;&gt; Like make them more visible. Make make
something happen so that that is never
an issue.
&gt;&gt; So, that is your article, "When Safer
Than Human Isn't Safe Enough: The Hidden
Liability Economics of Tesla's
Robotaxi." Okay, let's go through it.
&gt;&gt; So, again, the first thing is in my
mind, it's not a question of whether FSD
can become safer than a human. I think
it's already safer than me. So, the
bigger the bigger issue is what happens
when it does become safer. And this is
to your point. Does Does Tesla have a
moral imperative to scale this rapidly?
And I think in general, I would agree
with you. I think the answer is largely
yes, but there are some I think some
important things to think about in
regard to that. So, the first part, I
think, to understand and is that, you
know, when we drive today, we accept the
liability
of driving. Individual driver does. And,
you know, that's obviously going to
change with FSD. You know, Tesla then is
going to have to bear that liability
responsibility if they autonomously
operate a vehicle, right? And and just
to state the obvious, then as they scale
that, they're accepting the liability of
hundreds, thousands, hundreds of
thousands, millions of vehicles.
So, that liability is scaling
along with their fleet scaling. So, it
then becomes a financial question, just
like it does for airlines.
How safe is it for an airline to fly?
What is the cost of a crash? We know
accidents are going to happen at scale.
What's the cost of that?
Can we bear those costs? Do we have
enough lawyers?
Do we have a favorable enough
court system where we're not going to
get hit with multi-billion dollar
lawsuit, right? So,
this is also then part of the equation.
It's a sort of a liability equation. So,
again, we we've talked about this idea
that, you know, being safer than a human
doesn't mean that there'll be no
accidents. There will be accidents. We
have to come to grips with the fact that
these cars are going to crash and people
will die. But, hopefully
at a much much lower rate
than what we see on the roadways today.
The challenge, however, I think is that
the nature perhaps of a crash with FSD
may look very different than crashes
that we see today. How are cars crashing
today? People are falling asleep.
&gt;&gt; 30%
&gt;&gt; People have road rage.
People are driving drunk.
&gt;&gt; Using your mobile phone, it's 30%.
&gt;&gt; People are distracted.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; So, none of that's going to happen with
FSD. The car doesn't fall asleep. The
car doesn't drive drunk. The car doesn't
get distracted.
&gt;&gt; Mhm.
&gt;&gt; Right? So, the nature of these accidents
may look very different because of
what's causing them. It might be a
something in the software that it's
never seen before. It doesn't know how
to respond.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; And we're seeing little things right
now, right? Where
And this also, I think, is a
responsibility for municipalities and
states
to make sure that their roadways are
properly marked in a way that an
autonomous vehicle can easily identify.
It doesn't do enough to put bollards up
or a chain across a road and say the
road is closed. Don't go here.
There may be a higher responsibility now
for state motor vehicle divisions to
make sure that their roads are easily
illuminated or properly identified by
autonomous vehicles. Most of us, I
think, have assumed that Tesla needs to
figure this out in every single
scenario. But, you know what? It may be
a lot easier just to change the way that
some of these things are signed. You
know? If If FSD is having trouble seeing
uh gates perhaps for a train track, I
don't I don't believe it does, but I'm
just giving that as an example.
&gt;&gt; Make the gates better, bigger. Yeah.
&gt;&gt; Make them more visible. Make make
something happen so that that is never
an issue.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; It's horrific to think that a car might
get trapped on a train track and have a
train plow into it. No no one wants to
see that. But to me the solution there
probably is pretty simple. Okay?
And it might even be something that's on
the the the train gate itself that
somehow communicates with the car.
Again, I don't know that that's an issue
anymore, but if it is then those those
things could be could be achieved with
some kind of communication directly with
the vehicle.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; You know, that's
&gt;&gt; For all autonomous vehicles, right? They
can they have some sort of hearing.
Ultrasound, whatever.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; Just communicate it.
&gt;&gt; Even some sort of light that all the
vehicles are
&gt;&gt; Like emergency vehicles.
They you know, autonomous vehicles can
track capture. A smart, okay.
&gt;&gt; So, you know, this is interesting in
that you know, we've got all these FSD
miles, supervised FSD miles. What are we
up to now? 13 and what what's the
number? It's
&gt;&gt; 13 billion? Yeah.
&gt;&gt; It's 13 billion.
Yes, 13.6 billion is the counter right
now as we speak. That is not the same as
autonomous miles.
Very helpful in training the software.
But it's not the same. You've got a a
human that's intervening in that
supervised miles.
That who knows how many accidents and
crashes were avoided because the human
intervened. There's also the other side
of it, who knows how many accidents were
actually caused by the human
intervening. So, there's there's
definitely part of that.
And I think that I have learned over
time in using it that that I don't need
to intervene as much as I think that I
do. And my interventions now are purely
just because of taste. I want the
vehicle to turn here and not not over
there. Or in a parking lot I want it to
park in a certain spot and not where
it's taking me. Minor stuff. If I was in
a Robotaxi I wouldn't even care. So,
but the nature, I think, of these
autonomous miles are different when it's
when it's purely autonomous and there's
no supervision. Um so, the challenge
with that is Tesla's only recently begun
accumulating meaningful commercial paid
autonomous miles. At the last earnings
call in late July, they were up to
380,000.
And as of today, they might be at 6 or
700,000, perhaps. Um Ashok uh indicated
they're growing at double-digit rates.
Now, what is that? It's more than 10%.
We don't know exactly what that rate is.
Um but that's a still a small small
amount of data,
right? Um in 2024, the national uh human
fatality rate,
you'd have to drive 2.5 million miles
and you would get about 0.03 expected
fatalities. So, you need quite a bit of
scale in order to show that you, you
know, these autonomous miles are just as
safe as what we see today. You know, you
need a big sample size, is what I'm
trying to say.
&gt;&gt; Well, I guess uh
I guess so. Again, this is the the
problem that they have is that
&gt;&gt; [clears throat]
&gt;&gt; even Elon has
alluded to this, isn't it? It's hard now
to know
if we made an improvement because you'd
have to drive
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; how many miles before you know that
there's an improvement? And so, then it
becomes like how do you prove to the
regulators, how do you prove to the
public that this is truly safer than
human, 10 times, 20 times safer than
human? You need to ride,
you know, let's say, I don't know the
numbers, a million miles, right?
Uh 10 million miles of unsupervised
driving to prove that this thing's
already driven 10 million miles. What
are You you you probably have those
numbers here. And uh And so, then that's
why it's like that's what I'm saying,
that at one point, they need to throw
more than just a couple hundred cars on
robotaxi. They need to throw 5,000
at least cap do what Waymo's doing and
even more to then get those miles as
fast as possible.
&gt;&gt; Again, it's the double-sided sword of
scale. You need the scale to get the
miles to know whether it's
how safe it is.
But the process of getting those miles
is going to uncover things where you
discover it's not safe in certain
situations.
&gt;&gt; Right.
&gt;&gt; But the beautiful thing about FSD
is that you can take that data,
you can retrain the model,
and you can spread it overnight, fix it
overnight update to every vehicle in the
fleet, and that problem's gone.
Doesn't happen with humans.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, no.
&gt;&gt; Right? I may become aware of something
that you encountered, and as a friend
you tell me and I'm like, "Oh, okay,
yeah, I'll be on the outlook for that.
Thanks, Herbert." So, I can learn
without experiencing that for myself,
but that happens at a very small scale
when it comes to humans. So, this is
this is a challenge for Tesla is is to
capture enough autonomous miles
for them to confidently
know that it's safe, that they can
scale. And it's one of those things
where you have confidence and then you
scale and you have a problem.
And then the question is how quickly can
you fix that problem so that you have
confidence to know that that problem
isn't going to be an issue again, right?
It's not going to kill somebody.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; And if you if you identify a problem
that could kill somebody or cause an
accident, you want to fix that as
quickly as you can.
Also, from a liability perspective, cuz
the court's going to say, "When did When
did you first become aware this was a
problem? And what have you done to fix
it?" Well, if the answer was "We became
aware of it and the next day we fixed
it."
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; You've got a pretty strong case in a
courtroom if there's going to be a
lawsuit.
&gt;&gt; Mhm. I can see when all the cyber cabs
have Starlink
&gt;&gt; [clears throat]
&gt;&gt; connected to it them. And then,
you know, real-time scenario, you're
driving down the highway, there's
there's a couch.
It's happened, right? Some stupid human
driver was driving a truck and it falls
off and it's right there. What do we all
do? Oh, there's a couch. I go
around it.
But then all the people behind me,
they're all going to experience the same
thing. Now, if you once a cyber cab
swerves out of the way, it hopefully is
able to communicate to all the cyber
cabs heading in that direction. And
[clears throat] then they're told, "Hey,
there's a watch out for the couch." So,
they'll, you know,
take another lane or whatever until they
they drive by and they keep proving that
it's still there. They keep telling all
the ones until it's gone and then they
go, "Okay, it's clear." You know what I
mean? Like real time, almost real-time
connectivity connection translation.
That could be a scenario.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, and that's something different
from like training FSD. You're talking
about a vehicle then that it can
communicate to the fleet of vehicles
around it in its in its area or vehicles
that are going to go down that same
road. That's another feature of FSD that
we don't have with human drivers.
Yeah. Again, if you and I are traveling
on the same road and you're 5 minutes
ahead of me, you might call me and say,
"Hey, there's a couch in the lane."
&gt;&gt; Careful.
&gt;&gt; most of the people on that road aren't
going to be aware of that.
Right? You encounter it and you have to
deal with it in split second and if
you're following behind somebody too
closely then suddenly you might find
yourself
&gt;&gt; Yeah, I saw a video where a person
stopped their car in the middle of the
highway.
Just stopped their car in the middle of
the highway, stopped. And then it's of
course, no worries. A bunch of them
start lining up and then you know what
happens 2 minutes later?
One guy a truck a semi truck goes, "Oh!"
Goes to the right, swipes sideswipes
somebody and then of course there is the
person who all of a sudden
even though there's five cars stopped,
hit the guy in the back. So,
it is what happens. All right, let's
keep going.
&gt;&gt; might be a situation too where even if
you have a car that's autonomous in the
other lane going the other direction,
it might see a backup
on the on the on the oncoming traffic.
&gt;&gt; And it communicate that.
&gt;&gt; might be able to communicate that to the
vehicles that it might be impacted too.
So, there's all kinds of things that
become possible.