Channel:     brighterwithherbert
Title:       Tesla Exec Reveals Tesla’s Scaling Plan
URL:         https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uLvdI8B6gkw
Published:   2026-07-02 18:30 UTC
Fetched:     2026-07-02 19:00 UTC

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Tesla may be closer to high volume cyber
cab and Optimus production than even
most bulls realize. Yesterday, Elon Musk
revealed he had just walked the Optimus
production line in Fremont. And what
Tesla's vice president of engineering,
Lawrence Morvy, told me in our exclusive
interview helps explain why that
matters. Lars revealed that CyberCab is
being built for production volumes
people are dramatically underestimating.
The production line is already about 90%
automated. validation testing is
underway and he expects Tesla to build
more CyberCaps than any other vehicle in
the company's history. He also explained
why CyberCab FSD requires its own
dedicated training fleet and why Tesla
is deliberately avoiding shortcuts
before launch optimist Loris confirmed
the first production line has already
arrived in Fremont and installation is
underway. Once that line is proven,
Tesla plans to replicate it across
roughly 40 additional sublines. He said
Tesla's decades of experience scaling
vehicle production give it a unique
manufacturing advantage and even
suggested that over time an Optimus
robot could cost less to build than one
of Tesla's cars. We'll also discuss why
analysts are now pointing to a July
August Optimus production launch, why
Elon's visit to the production line is
significant, and what all of this
reveals about Tesla's next phase of
scaling. We got Brian White joining us
today. He's one of our only true Tesla
journalists. Check out his YouTube
channel, Futurazza, for exclusive
interviews and on the ground factory
tours. His channel is the one I highly
recommend people to subscribe to. Thank
you, Brian.
&gt;&gt; It's great to be here. I'm just happy to
talk to a fan.
&gt;&gt; Oh, I'm your biggest fan, dude. All
right. Okay. Take a look at this. Elon
was so excited. He actually posted this
photo and he just said that walking the
Optimus production line in Fremont. Here
we go. So, it's Elon in the middle and
then there are uh people with hard hats.
This is a real factory and then this is
the Fremont line. So they it appears
that they've now completed at least the
Model S, Model X is out and then they're
now starting and a interview with Lara
said that they've got at least one line
of the automation that comes from
Germany. They put it in and they're
trying to make sure that this works and
then when that works they'll put in the
other 40 to be able to actually complete
all the different parts of building a
robot to be automated. That's the cool
part. That's I think the different part
than any other uh human or robot
companies out there is these guys are
actually saying we're we're building a
line but it's going to be automated
mostly as much as possible. What what do
you take about this milestone here?
&gt;&gt; So there's two big takeaways from this
picture. The one is the you know the
sadness of the SNX being gone, this
Phoenix rising from the ashes. The
second is that Elon's not wearing a hard
hat lending further proof to the idea
that he is a robot. So, uh, got to keep
that in mind there. Uh, no, this is
exciting. I'm dealing with a lot of
skeptics these days who are saying
humanoid robots will never happen. This
is not this isn't happening. This thing
that we can see and observe and know
that is happening is not happening. It's
not real. Uh, and I don't understand.
These sound like the people who looked
at the just a mud field in Shanghai and
said it's all a boondoggle. Nothing's
happening. and we're watching it. We're
we're observing it. It makes me feel
like we know something they don't. Even
though it's public information, even
though it's right there, even though
we're telling them what the information
is, they still don't understand what's
going on. So, this is a list of the
things that uh humanoid hub summarized
from the interview I did with Lars about
what he said about Optimus. So, let's uh
take a look a closer look at this. So,
this is the stuff that he said. um space
has been cleared out. Our first line has
landed from our automation groups in the
Midwest and Germany. We've started to
install it. Machines are going through
the last stages of FAT, field acceptance
testing. Those are the automation
machines. The first line is quite
modular. So bringing it up can be quick.
Says I think I heard him say it's about
a week. Yeah. But a line takes two to
three days to install and a week to get
going. Okay. After proving out the first
subline, we have 40 more to go. Sublines
are from for different components like
actuators, torso, battery limbs.
Multiple factors go into make provide
decisions. Does the supplier know how to
do it? Do we keep the EIP in house? Is
the investment significant? Is the risk
of change high?
So some people go, well, if it's going
to take that, it's going to be 40 weeks.
That's 10 months. It's not the way to
think of it, right?
&gt;&gt; It doesn't matter to me whether it's
four weeks or 40 weeks. What we'll get
out of it is a robot that's still
learning to walk. And I don't mean walk
literally. It knows how to walk, but to
do something useful. One of the biggest
complaints I've heard from people who
lack vision is that there is no point in
having a humanoid robot. Anything uh
that you would want done in a factory
can be done by a singleuse robot. And
that is simply untrue. If that was true,
the parking lot would already be empty.
It isn't. The parking lot around every
factory is still full because there are
a lot of tasks for which you would never
assign a dedicated robot. There may not
be space to make a line that does that.
You can't have uh a car factory today
that just has a loading dock at at each
end. A loading dock at each end where
just stuff goes in, disappears, the
lights are out, car pops out the other
side. There are solar panel factories
that do that, but for everything else
there is not.
&gt;&gt; So, I mean, all of those jobs need to be
replaced.
&gt;&gt; Tesla owns factories, so they know
exactly
uh what it takes.
&gt;&gt; Does do car manufacturing strengths pass
to Optimus? Tesla's learned the hard
parts of scaling from cars and
batteries. Elon L basically said yes.
Everything
&gt;&gt; yes
&gt;&gt; everything about building Optimus is is
uh can be learn can be passed on from
their knowledge of building cars. He
made the whole list here. Multiple
levels of supply chain parts flow in and
out of factory building hard parts of
scaling those sort of things. Multis
sourcing crisis management
&gt;&gt; optimist benefits from that foundation.
The lines are designed by the same
experienced people have learned the
importance of precision and
repeatability. The the cost of a car is
going to be more than a robot. So, so
therefore he was trying to make the
point that if the cost of a car is so
much more then uh then it matters even
more that you get all of this properly
set up properly that Tesla is a trifecta
scale manufacturing electric motor
design and real world AI it's more like
a car than then I asked is it more like
a car than a consumer electronics and he
pushed back it's not more like a
consumer electronics device it's more
like a car because functional safety
&gt;&gt; and multiaxis dimensions he was saying
that functional safety
This is uh you know you rarely worry
about the safety of a cell phone
&gt;&gt; but a car you have to worry about can it
kill you in a robot you have to worry
about can it kill you uh and multiaxis
these are three-dimensional where he
said that a cell phone yes it's
threedimensional but really it's a flat
device you print you print circuits you
print it and you print it and it's
pretty easy but this is like moving
&gt;&gt; this this articulates so on the question
of what does a you know uh what does a
humanoid robot need to do in a factory.
My answer to that is go tour a factory.
I don't care what kind. Any kind of
factory. I've been to these factories.
I've been to the battery pack module
factories. I've been to the mega pack.
I've been to car factories. But the
answer is look at what the humans are
doing. That that's the job that the
optimist would do or any humanoid robot.
The second part of it was uh the
automotive lessons.
It was a great question to ask him. He
gave you a great answer. There's more to
it. When you look at the first Optimus
demo they did, they said, "Here's the
crash test simulation we ran on it." And
other bot manufacturers went, "Of
course. Darn it." Because why would they
think of that? They have no experience
in manufacturing. And Tesla just we have
the software. We just plug in the CAD
and test it. So that's a big step there.
The supply chain management, as Jeff
will tell you, it doesn't matter what
you're building. It's a supply chain. It
you and especially when it's something
this similar, as dissimilar as it may
seem, you're getting the components from
a lot of the same people. Uh so that
part carries over. The on the line
management, they've got screens up that
show you where everything's at in the
process. You can see it from anywhere in
the factory and see how all the stations
are doing. That is the same software.
They use it at the Megapac factory. So
all of these lessons carry over directly
and if uh well XYZ robotics company has
a better robot I saw it a demo yesterday
right that's their latest and greatest
we're two years out from the last from
the last iteration that we have seen
yeah Wii robot was 1024
so that is less than two years but that
robot was not the latest greatest so uh
it's insane to think that a company that
was at the cutting edge two years ago
hasn't moved an inch in two years. And
what they've done is do it in a way
that's manufacturable, that's uh
efficient, that's going to crank these
things out the door like crazy. And
before long, you say they're trying to
automate it to 90%, that last 10%. I
mean, man, you're going to need like a
humanoid robot or something to do that.
&gt;&gt; That's what you need. That's why they're
doing it. I did ask the question you
know are you going to create R2-D2s
different kinds of form factors and I
like his answer which is you know humans
humanity is not ready for robots he was
given an example of uh you know these
coffee pouring robots these things uh
that are out there people are still
gawking and they're still kind of
getting used to it so he said you know
you have to start with something that
feels like it belongs and that's one
reason why they're doing human robot and
then after that yes we will create all
sorts of different robots. So that is a
good news.
&gt;&gt; I I wanted to address that real quick
because you are correct. The movement is
what makes a difference. Vending
machines have been around for a long
time, Herbert. But the new ones where an
arm goes up and grabs the drink and puts
it out through the door so that it isn't
all shaken up. People still marvel at
those and the only thing that changed is
a little robotic tray that receives it.
And that is a very that is the smallest
change you could have. and people aren't
quite ready for it. So I I would agree
with that part of it.
&gt;&gt; Here are rumors from China. So take this
with a grain of salt.
&gt;&gt; Uh the rumor is that according to this
research report from Namura, Tesla's
raised the annualized production
capacity target for Optimus Gen 3 at its
free plant from previously 50,000 to now
70,000.
&gt;&gt; And they plan to add an approximately
70,000 units of capacity in Austin in
2028.
Long-term capacity targeted 1.5 million
units per year. Right. Signals from
industry supply chain orders indicate
Optimus shipments in 2026 this year will
be 25 units. 25,000 units. Okay. Margin
error plus or - 10,000. That's a that's
a huge margin error. And the weekly
production target of September is
expected to be a,000 units per week.
&gt;&gt; So, and according to UBS research
report, the official launch window of
Gen 3 will be July and August.
&gt;&gt; So, don't know.
&gt;&gt; So, go back to the first one of those.
So, I could argue this either direction.
Uh, I don't know how many critical parts
are coming from China. We know Tesla
wants to internally produce as much of
this as possible. But that doesn't mean
a supplier couldn't have a very good
indication. Even if it's only, you know,
one joint, one uh specific piece, they
could have a very good indication. But
at the same time, um, even if even if
this is a true and honest, uh, leak,
that doesn't mean it's correct because
there are a lot of times where targets
are not met. Uh, so there are I could
argue that one either way. Um, and to
give credibility to the second number,
70,000 in Fremont and then 70,000 in
Texas, how it's 10 times the size
because they're going to start with one
line. If it's going to be one line in
Fremont and then one line in Texas, the
numbers should match.
&gt;&gt; Let's uh go through the key findings
from the interview I did with Lars. Get
your thoughts on that. I liked what Phil
Trouy did. He did a great job pointing
out the big points, the ones that he
thought were most important. Uh CyberCap
is going to be scaled to levels that
people haven't realized yet. They're
currently
&gt;&gt; uh they're currently doing infant
mortality testing and validation on the
CyberCap since it has such new
components and manufacturing processes.
CyberCap manufacturing line is 90%
automated now factoring in everything.
Expect Tesla to build more Cyber Caps
than any other vehicle they've ever
built.
&gt;&gt; And really the only big takeaway there
is is that they're saying they're
reiterating the the volume target which
is a cajillion. the 90% automated. Yeah.
It's
&gt;&gt; it's actually cajillion, which is a real
number.
&gt;&gt; You're being conservative.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. And uh as I'm known to be and the
90% automated, you could argue that
sounds low. It doesn't. We're in early
production. Uh if it was 60%, I would
still be okay with that.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; 90% is more automated than most lines
are upon completion, depending how
you're measuring it, I suppose. But uh
and this number is is going to improve
over time and the quality is there. To
me, one of the bigger takeaways was the
high score for build quality from JD
Power who doesn't like to give out top
rankings to anyone who doesn't pay them
money and Tesla does not pay them money.
Uh so that is a real feather of their
cap. This is uh what we would what I
would expect to see. Yeah,
&gt;&gt; I like that he said 90% automated. uh
Lars did and he said that that was one
part that he was very surprised that
they were actually uh he thought that
there would be more problems and it
looks like we're here. So that was good.
Um oops, let's keep going. He expects
Tesla to build more cyber cabs than any
other vehicle they've ever built.
&gt;&gt; I asked him the question about, you
know, are you going to have programs or
process, you know, anything in place to
try to get awareness up? And he said,
"Nope." And his answer I thought was
very good. His answer was it's like he
he compared it to the airplane. You can
tell somebody that hey we now have the
new technology that can fly you in the
air to go from one place to another and
people will like you can advertise out
all day long. Magazines, nothing. Nobody
cares. They won't believe you. But if
you show them you actually get in one
and actually see it work and land
properly. In this case getting into a
cyber cab, driving you safely, feeling
comfortable and you watch this thing
drive, your eyes light up. you don't
need to advertise. That's the only time
you'll actually be converted is what
he's saying. So, in their minds, not
advertising, but if you get thousands of
cyber cabs out there per city, that's
enough to people be aware that yeah,
self-driving is here. So, I would uh
disagree with Lars on this one. Uh you
it's true that you don't see ads
bragging about the safety record of
airplanes. You don't need to. It is
safe. The last thing you want to do is
put that in their head. You don't talk
to them about the journey. You talk to
them about the destination, when United,
when Delta advertise, they show you
videos of Bali, of Tahiti, of Hawaii and
say, "Wouldn't you rather be here?" So
maybe what they need to do is uh show
people getting home safely from Martyra,
I don't know. But uh something about the
destination rather than the than the
engineering side. And I understand his
perspective. He's an engineer. That's
what he thinks about. Um, I do think
there's room to advertise, but I would
say that that is outside of his scope.
&gt;&gt; I agree with you. I think they should
still advertise, but I thought he was a
good answer. Um, I did ask him the
question is that, you know, the MKBHD
bet that Elon said, "Yeah, it's going to
happen." Which is, uh, will you sell a
cyber cap to a consumer by the end of
this year
&gt;&gt; under 30,000?
&gt;&gt; Under $30,000. and he laughed and
laughed and laughed cuz well I don't
know what Elon does with his bats but um
he didn't answer it but uh it's just
felt like you know uh my only job is to
build cars right that's what I do but
right and but the the way he answered it
the way he didn't he didn't answer it
but the way he he reacted it felt like
to me that are you kidding no we're
going to be you know using these for
cyber caps for robo taxi
&gt;&gt; I don't see why you would want to make
$5,000 off a car when you can make
$5,000 a month off a car.
&gt;&gt; If if if if they were going to sell it
to consumer by this year, that would
have been on his milestone. That would
have been what he has to get done. He
would not have answered, "All I do is
build the cars."
&gt;&gt; I I think I can see it both ways.
&gt;&gt; Okay.
All right. Um Tesla is using AI a lot. I
asked them how how where are you guys
using it? And uh I was very happy with
the answer. They're using it everywhere.
The the big one of course is vision.
Looking at the car as it drives and then
using AI to find the defects. And he
talked about before it used to just tell
you that it found something. Now it's
actually intelligently
understanding that if something happened
here, this has a change up here so that
that won't happen again. That's what one
point he made. So that's a given. And
I'm glad I heard that he actually they
actually do this because they're the
leader in vision based AI, right?
Cameras looking at things and uh neural
nets and reasoning and understanding
what's actually they're looking at.
Tesla has the most data. They know the
most. And then of course the big one
everybody got happy excited about was
full self-heing.
&gt;&gt; This is when the cars drive themselves.
The cyber cabs uh leave the leaves. I'm
sure it's all cars now, but they leave
the the the gig of Texas when it's been
born. But it'll drive through um speed
bumps and it'll listen for rattles and
if it hears a rattle it'll it'll know
and it you know you have to find out
whether was that a rattle not a rattle
and they're feeding a data that's AI to
understand that and then they go okay
well if that's the case that means
something was wrong and then they go
back and fix it in the uh factory. What
are your thoughts about the discussion
on AI?
&gt;&gt; Sure. So on AI, a lot of companies
leaped too quickly, leapt too quickly
into AI and it bit them. Ford is a good
example. Why do we have all these
engineers when we can replace them with
AI? So the first thing they did was fire
the engineers. That's the wrong first
step, my guys. You need to implement it,
make sure it works, and then get rid of
the engineers. Now they're in a pickle.
Uh because they have to hire them all
back at outrageously inflated prices,
and most of them don't want to do it at
any price. So the the logical thing is
because as Lars said, we're not one
company, but we're one philosophy. They
know how the AI works. It is a tool. It
is not a replacement. It just makes me
better at my job. It doesn't take my
job. Not yet. So that's the first step
on that. On the AI end of line, here's
the thing, Herbert. I'm going to build
cars. I got to get them out of there. I
got to run the test track, right? How
short can I make that test track?
because that's the only thing that
matters because I got to pay these
people and even if I don't care what
they cost then I have to buy more
people, rent more people. It's a it's a
real problem in terms of resource.
If the cost was no object, you'd test
them a little longer, wouldn't you? So,
they're using that burn-in track to not
just go through all the speed bumps, not
check all the NVH, then do a bunch of
laps, then maybe hit it again. You could
run it all day if you want to make sure
not that it doesn't squeak or rattle in
the first half mile, but that it doesn't
do it in the first 20 miles.
&gt;&gt; That's what it's for. Gotcha.
&gt;&gt; And it costs you the electricity. It
costs you 30 cents a car. So why
wouldn't you do it is the question. And
the answer for everyone else is we
can't. We have no mechanism to make that
happen. So all of these pieces, the
technology is converging. Uh, it's
giving them an advantage that no one
else has. And like Lori was saying about
Whimo's approach, it's ridiculous when
you look at it. That's honestly that's
your approach is buy a car and glue a
bunch of junk on it. Ridiculous. Have
you even seen what we're doing? Do you
even care? Well, we can't do that. We
couldn't copy it at any price. And
that's the distinct advantage that
CyberCap will have in the market.
&gt;&gt; So why has Cybercap not yet been
launched as a robo taxi?
&gt;&gt; Caution for months now. What I've been
saying I did a whole show on this about
month and a half maybe now closer to two
months which is I'm getting closer to
being correct on this. Everybody said
Cyber Cab is imminent, imminent,
imminent. They're going to launch it out
you know a month ago. And I said, "Well,
don't forget that FSD has been trained
on Model Y's and we have millions of
people like me and you driving this for
years. They've got the billions of data,
10 billion miles of Model Y's, Model 3s
driving around, capturing that data,
understanding how FSE behaves. The new
Cyber Cab is a whole new form factor.
That's why we're seeing them being
driven everywhere. Not just that it's a
whole new vehicle and they need to test
that vehicle, but you know, we've seen
Cyber Trucks when it was new, new Model
Y's when it was new. It wasn't like that
this many fleet for this long and all
over the US. They're driving it
everywhere for training getting the FSD
miles, supervised driving to capture
that data. And uh Genma JP wrote an
article about this. He's been pointing
out he is an uh expert in autonomous
driving. he works for one of the legacy
autos in the space and he's been sharing
his thoughts and he's he's been saying
this that that's the reason um and so in
the interview that I did this Min Matson
pointed out the two things Loris said he
did confirm he said exactly that that
FSD for cybercab is not a copy paste for
model Y it has different weights
therefore needs to be retrained cannot
be done solely with reimulation it needs
some real world data he said the
majority of the cyber cabs that they're
producing now that's what they're being
used for they're being used to train the
use of FSD. Um, and the exact quote from
Lars, the majority of our CyberCap test
fleet has gone into training for
autopilot. You know, our models are
great, but they still need to train.
You've seen the training vehicles with
the steering wheels and pedals. This
confirms our thesis. The purpose of the
Houston robo taxi team was data
collection for training and validation
is what we're saying.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Um, you know, uh, I don't know if
you trust that Lars fella, but I think
he might know a thing or two about
what's going on inside the inside the
project he's been buried in for for the
last couple years. Uh, I had been told
by the Cyber Cab engineers who built it,
Eric and others, that it's not as big of
a challenge as with Cybertruck.
Cybertruck, of course, rear steering,
variable front steering. This is more
just a car. Uh but that doesn't mean you
don't want to validate it. And again, an
abundance of caution. An abundance of
caution. And for the love of all that's
holy, no steering wheel.
&gt;&gt; Abundance of caution. It is is easier
than CyberCap, but Cyber Truck, but
remember Cyber Truck was being trained
for supervised. You can roll it out. You
can send that out sooner. It's got to be
unsupervised. Yeah. It's got to be like
done, right?
&gt;&gt; It's got to be dialed all the way in.
Oh, yeah. And everywhere. Yes. At least
in the US. Um, what all these people
saying, "What a great interview." Thank
you, guys. Thank you.
&gt;&gt; Oh, I won't say it.
&gt;&gt; Okay. Well, you
I'll force you to do it, dude. I'll
force you. All right. Two more
interesting things. In response to
Jeff's question, Jeff asked him, "Is the
Cyber Cap a platform?" You know, with
the unbox and everything and all that.
He says it is a platform, but we're
going to build so many of this that it
is a platform on its own right, but
whether or not they need to build new
vehicles off that plan will largely
depend on the adoption rate of using of
using autonomous vehicles. I think this
puts to rest. Now, this guy says, I
think this puts to rest any speculation
that Tesla's plan to sell his vehicle to
the public with a steering wheel pedals.
Uh well, let me ask you that question.
So I saw Farzad come out and he was
trying to say that um listen you know a
year from now when Tesla's pumping this
thing out at a million two million cars
per year let's say okay which is 2
million cyber caps a year
&gt;&gt; will there be enough regulation where
cities have said yeah you can go ahead
and go and put 2 million cyber caps I
think he's only saying the US and I'm
thinking you haven't calculated what you
know Italy says we're going to allow you
now and you can put a couple hundred
thousand there
&gt;&gt; you 10 of those and you're good. But no,
he thinks that Tesla's robo taxi cyber
cab has been designed for scale and it's
going to not only hit 2 million faster
than you realize, but maybe even more
that you won't be able to have
regulation catch up. Therefore, Tesla's
forced to sell this to consumers while
the regulation catch up catches up.
That's his bet. Where do where do you
stand on that?
&gt;&gt; I I disagree. I think that's uh I I
don't understand how someone would get
to that conclusion. I know I would love
to have uh this be a drivable vehicle.
Uh cool little coupe. Uh you know, lot
of lot of fun, but uh the changes needed
are just too many. And uh while you can
drive it with all of those compromises
that are perfect for a people mover and
less and ills suited for a drivable
vehicle, it would drive like a forklift.
And if you think it, well, yeah, but I'd
still have fun. Say, take a forklift on
the highway, commute with it, and tell
me how you feel. Uh it's really fun to
ride in the back of a limousine. It is
not fun at all to drive one. So it's uh
it's I I get it. It's a it's a hill some
folks want to die on, but uh they have
died on it and I think Lars confirmed
that. To Jeff's question about it being
a platform. What I hear L saying is this
is going to be so big. It doesn't
matter. And it's not as much a platform
as a philosophy because a platform is do
we share these underlying parts? Do we
share this general form factor? Maybe
stretch it a little. Uh but it's there's
not enough pieces for it to be a
platform. It's a rear, a front, and a
structural battery. And that's the
platform. That's it. All those. So,
unless you want to use this, I mean, you
could use the same battery or a longer
battery, but it's only three pieces in
essence and the bits that that bolt to
it. But uh I don't know if when we ask
about it being a platform, I don't know
if we're asking the right question much
as you when you said, "Can we can we
call this an assembly line?" You said,
"Uh, yeah. Yeah.
Can we though?" Because it's very
different. We're in a new world of
automotive manufacturing and we know
because instead of having 200 cells to
manufacture it, there's 20 25. This is
very different. Yeah, it was a good
answer from him, right? It is we expect
to produce so much of this that it's a
it's like it is a platform for itself
and then Yes, sure. We'll make other
cars out of this, other form factors for
this later.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. And why not? Why not? It all makes
sense. This is a proof of concept. And
when this scales, if Tesla decides we
are going to make another human drivable
car, I'm confident they would do it
unboxed because it would be the next
Volkswagen Beetle. They would just make
it insane volumes at particular
&gt;&gt; which is which is a huge hit. Yeah, it
was a huge hit.
&gt;&gt; But the Beetle still had was a
four-seater, too, though.
&gt;&gt; Right. And that's why you just build a
whole new car.
&gt;&gt; I see. Gotcha. Perfect. Thank you,
Brian. You are the expert in this space.
I uh couldn't wait to actually get your
feedback on all of this cuz this is the
stuff you know a lot about. Thank you so
much Brian. Check him out on his
channel, Future Aza. Thanks everybody.
I've created a website that is the most
comprehensive resource for the Tesla
investor. Please check it out. Simply go
to my website at herbalm.com.