Channel:     brighterwithherbert
Title:       SpaceX Just Had Its Biggest Week Yet
URL:         https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ebtu5V8sU6U
Published:   2026-06-28 13:30 UTC
Fetched:     2026-06-28 14:00 UTC

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

What a week it's been for SpaceX. Today,
we'll cover everything that's new, and
it tells us so much about where the
company is headed. Some of these could
impact the stock in the near term.
Others reinforce Elon Musk's much bigger
long-term vision. First, SpaceX is
expected to join the NASDAQ 100 on July
6th, a milestone that could trigger
billions of dollars of buying from index
funds. At the same time, the company has
confirmed it now holds more than $100
billion in cash. It just successfully
raised $2 billion through an investment
grade bond offering and is now rated
investment grade by Moody's Fitch and
S&amp;P. Second, SpaceX continues
strengthening its leadership and
long-term strategy. The company added
longtime Seoia Capital executive and
former PayPal CFO Rolof Botha to its
board while Elon confirmed Star Mind as
the official name of SpaceX future
orbital AI satellite constellation.
Third, the technology roadmap keeps
accelerating. The FCC has approved
Starlink to Starlink communications
testing, bringing SpaceX one step closer
to a fully space-based communications
network. And although we've discussed it
before, we'll also touch on the latest
Reflection AI compute deal and why
SpaceX commercial AI business continues
gaining momentum. There's a lot to
unpack today. Let's connect all the dots
and look at why each of these
developments matters for SpaceX and
Tesla investors as well. Larry Goldberg
is joining us today. He's a serial
entrepreneur and has been an active
venture capital investor for the last
decade. Check out lumacenti.com.
Welcome, Larry.
&gt;&gt; Thank you. Appreciate being here.
&gt;&gt; This week, uh, SpaceX,
some of the big news we've reported on,
but there's a lot of news that I
gathered together. And, um, I don't know
if you saw all the star names products.
I did a whole show on this. We'll cover
that with you as well. SpaceX is going
to join the NASDAQ 100. It's going to be
on July 6th. So, so far the stock has
gone up and down. It's volatile, Larry.
Um, even with the inclusions of the IP,
uh, the other indices. Is this a big
one?
&gt;&gt; Uh, well, we've known about it for a
long time. I mean, somebody posted
today, breaking news. It It's not
breaking. We've known it for a while. So
I think it's baked into this whole um
pri price discovery mechanism that we're
going through. Everything that's
happened now is all about trying to
establish buyers and sellers equilibrium
and it'll continue for a little while to
come. Um you know the NASDAQ 100 is one
of the bigger funds that it's being uh
indexed within which it's being indexed.
Um and so
the next one will be MSCI and then
a year later maybe uh S&amp;P 5 maybe S&amp;P
500 which will be the big one by the way
uh whether it'll happen after the first
year or not I don't know S&amp;P has been
traditionally
not that accommodating to Mus companies
I'll put it that way as as best I can.
So
yeah, I mean these are standard
milestones we knew were coming that were
baked into the price discovery process
and the price discovery process is far
from over. We have multiple unlocks u to
to to occur uh in terms of people who
have shares locked up and who will be
open and will be putting their shares
onto the market. I expect price
volatility will continue during the
course of this year and probably only
you know reach true
equilibrium
uh this time next year. So anybody
anybody telling you that they know how
to trade SpaceX stock is delusional.
&gt;&gt; All right. Well, SpaceX did announce
after the IPO that they had raised
hundred billion
hundred billion in cash. That's how much
they have right now as of June 19th.
This is uh the $87.5 billion um that
they re raised from the IPO plus the the
additional cash that they have. And then
they receive investment grade credit
rating from Fitch for a new bond
offering which we'll talk about as well.
Uh what's your thoughts about the cash
that they have? Does that uh set some up
for
&gt;&gt; what are they going to use the cash for
do you think?
&gt;&gt; Well, if we've done if anybody's done
their research, they'll understand that
SpaceX has got a you know unprecedented
amount of capital investment in front of
them. They have to get Starship off the
ground. It's a massive massive project.
Gigantic factory in a gigantic factory
in South Texas. uh and an assembly
operation in Florida that could very
well also include another gigantic
factory in Florida. The potential for a
third launch platform area in South
Louisiana or and possibly even Australia
and then gigantic investment gigantic
investment in you know the the the
orbital data centers. So when we look at
that 200 billion sounds like quite a lot
of money,
&gt;&gt; but not
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; But not too much.
&gt;&gt; No, no, no, no, no, no. I'm talking
about 200 billion because 100 billion
may be sitting in cash right now, but
we're looking at accumulating another
100 billion over the next five years. So
we're talking about a capital program of
200 billion before
we think about Terra.
So, you know, the the demand on for
capital at SpaceX is unparalleled. I
mean, we haven't seen this kind of
capital investment. I I don't know when
last we've seen this level of capital
investment planned by, you know, a
single corporation. It's incredible. And
by the way, I just didn't mention, you
know, data centers on Earth where
they're building a new business
completely unexpected un, you know,
unannounced and it it's happening. We'll
cover that later. I did a show with
Brian Wang that's going to be published
this morning or actually don't know, but
it's going to be published on Saturday
as well as this show and um it is a good
one. Brian lays out in detail how much
money he thinks SpaceX is going to make
because of AI terrestrial data centers.
It's a lot more than all of us are
thinking. You don't need to wait for
orbital data centers. That's his
analysis. We'll take a look.
&gt;&gt; I'm excited to see his analysis. What
I'm talking about is the capital needed
to get these businesses up and running.
And that that that is you know easily
calculated because we know the scope of
the scope of the plan. We we don't yet
know the full scope of the terrestrial
data centers but we can we can summize
the scope of the both the Starlink
network and the orbital data centers
network and the buildout for um
Starship. these we we kind of know but
we have no idea what is in Elon's mind
in terms of terrestrial data centers. So
pretty exciting time.
&gt;&gt; Okay. Uh so uh one of the big hits on
SpaceX was a debt that they had. Well
what they did was they raised the money
but they also issued a bond likely to
pay the debt. Uh so they were given
investment grade credit rating from
Fitch uh BBB+
which means its debt is seen as
reasonably safe for big investors. All
three major ratings now rate SpaceX as
investment grade Moody's Fitch and S&amp;P.
So here we go. This is BAA, BB+, and
BBP. Okay, that's good. And then they
raised 25 billion in a debt sale just
just this week. And the proceeds will
primarily be used to repay borrowings
under its bridge loan facility. And then
so they raise 25 billion across five
tanches of senior unsecured notes 5.35%.
Doesn't seem like a lot honestly but I
guess it's oversold sold. What's the use
of these notes and does this make you
feel better about their financial
situation?
&gt;&gt; Yeah, I mean this solidifies
significantly their financial situation.
It'll certainly bridge between now and
when cash becomes cash flow becomes
highly positive. So, you know, the plan
is to use all the proceeds from their
IPO plus these loans, which is
significantly lower uh interest rate,
but more importantly puts out the re
repayment terms long into the future,
long into the future into a future where
the the money will be coming in from
from all these huge projects. So this
really balances their capital com
commitments with their potential uh
revenue. So this is a very important
piece foundation that's being laid. The
other debt they owned was relatively
short-term.
It didn't really it meant it was taken
away from their available capital for
these huge investments. Now they've got
all of this hundred million ready to
invest in, you know, investments that
will only start returning money in early
in in the late 20s, 2020s and early
2030s. So, it's the perfect solution to
this incredibly
incredibly uh optimistic and and
exciting plan. I just find it
interesting how a couple weeks ago or
let's say prior to the IPO, I don't know
how long that's been. My mind is gone,
but it's just everything's a blurred
out.
&gt;&gt; Sixth, right, is 23 days or 2.
&gt;&gt; Okay. Wow. Three three weeks.
&gt;&gt; Three weeks. Okay. I'm telling you, it
just feels like it just happened a week
ago. My point is that prior to that,
there was a lot of hits on SpaceX.
What's your near-term revenue? You're in
massive debt. you don't really have a
lot of revenue for last year. In a
matter of a month, check check. They've
resolved it. U so there is a new board
member. We were expecting this. They had
already announced it a long time ago.
There's a an empty board member and so
now they filled it and I'm curious what
you think about this guy's Rolof Batha.
He is uh Seoia Capital but prior prior
to that he was the PayPal's chief
financial officer in early 2000s. He is
going to join the audit committee a key
role for a newly public company. He's
going to join as an independent director
on June 16. Is he really an independent
director if he worked with Elon and
PayPal a long time ago? Um what do you
Yeah. How do you do you like this guy?
Do you think he's a good choice? Tell me
everything you know about this.
&gt;&gt; Look, firstly, he's a good guy. He's a
South African. What can I tell you? I
mean,
&gt;&gt; yeah,
&gt;&gt; he is the son of Pikba.
Pikba was uh the
what we would call here in the secretary
of state what's called um in South
Africa and in England the foreign
minister. So he took care of South
Africa's foreign relationships both in
the old white government and he was the
only one of the only um white members of
the old regime to be selected by Mandela
for his cabinet. That was Ruv's father.
Rule of Buddha was known at the time to
be, you know, a outgoing cosmopolitan
outward-looking um person. He uh came to
the United States as did Elon and um
openly, you know,
be became a very, you know, substantial
member of the technology community. Did
fantastic work at Sequoia. I mean
outstanding work at Sequoa in a way
&gt;&gt; was was the the guy that really grew
Sequoia into what it is today.
amazing amazing job and you know as a as
a sort of as the lead in Sequoia he uh
also took allowed Seoia
supported Sequoia's big investments in
SpaceX and and Tesla. So in every
respect he's been an outstanding
supporter of Elon's and of course at a
point in time he worked for Elon. Is he
independent? Yeah. Anybody who's run
Sequoa has to be considered to be, you
know, independent of any influence that
any financial influence that Elon may
have over him. Um, but you know, he's a
fantastic addition to the team. So, I'm
I'm very pleased about it.
&gt;&gt; Okay. I'm going to quiz you. I've
started doing this with Brian White, so
I'm going to do this with you. Okay. I'm
going to show you a photo and you tell
me what it is. That's a Starling
terminal.
&gt;&gt; What's that?
&gt;&gt; Well, I mean, that's the latest and
greatest, you know, Starfall,
&gt;&gt; you know. Good job, dude. Okay, we'll
talk Starfall later. I'm just teasing
everybody. I did a whole show on this.
It's so cool. This is a product that I
bet you less than 1% of the audience who
follow Star, who SpaceX even knows this
exists, Starfall. All right, so now we
know the name of the orbital data
centers. It is Star Mind. This is the uh
trademark that was discovered that XAI
had filed for the word Star Mind. And uh
Robin said was trademarked by XAI. Will
this be the official name for the SpaceX
AAI satellite constellation? Elon said
yes that is the official name. So what
do you think about Starmind? You happy
with that name? Star. Thank you.
&gt;&gt; I don't mind it at all.
&gt;&gt; Star Mind
I don't mind it at all. that it's a
great great name. It continues the
tradition of Starlink and Starship and
uh you know I
look the the Starfall is an incredible
invention. We can talk about it at
length if you wish.
&gt;&gt; We will shortly.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. But star mind really, you know, is
puts us in the mind of what star mind is
going to be, which is, you know,
artificial intelligence
above our heads, you know, permanently
available, you know, independent of, you
know, any kind of uh power interruption
and or power limitations on Earth. and
it's not going to it's not going to
detract from our grid and from our
electrical supply. So, it's fantastic a
fantastic opportunity and it the
opportunity for profits for Star for
Space SpaceX is gigantic.
&gt;&gt; Uh this David George who led Andre
Horowit's investment in SpaceX. He says
SpaceX orbital data centers are only a
matter of time. Let's listen to what he
says here. you were talking about the
$850 billion of capex uh for AI data
centers on, you know, terrestrial
grounds. Right now, it's getting harder
and harder to get data centers live uh
on on on the ground here. I think it's a
matter of time before we have it in
space. Um I actually think I like to
reframe it a little bit. I I don't talk
about it as orbital data centers. I talk
about them as sort of airplaneized
uh GPU racks in space. So, think of it
as uh you know something like 72 GPUs up
in space with big wings that are solar
arrays that are kind of the size of a
737. Um and then you can have many many
of those in space. They've demonstrated
that they can do this. They have 10,000
LEO satellites. So, we feel like it's a
matter of time and execution before they
can do that. The physics has been
derised. Um, you know, to the point
about how it's getting harder and harder
to do this, you know, on the ground, I
think at a minimum, orbital data centers
will be incremental capacity that you
can have in space on top of on top of
what we have on Earth.
&gt;&gt; Um, and I think there's a case that in
the fullness of time, the economics
actually get better than on than on the
ground.
&gt;&gt; Thoughts on his comments?
&gt;&gt; Yeah, I mean, firstly, we have to
understand that orbital data centers
can't replace, you know, terrestrial
data centers 100%. Why? Because you
can't really train
u models in space.
&gt;&gt; They're not they're not coherent. So
&gt;&gt; they're not coherent. It it is hard to
imagine achieving coherency
over a lot of satellites.
It's possible that they may be able to
do a limited number, but not not in the
scale that is necessary to really train
large models. So there'll always be a
use for you know terrestrialbased
data centers but the exciting
opportunity is that it's it's the
inference it's at the runtime it's at
the time that you know we ask the
questions and get an answer or we ask
the AI to do something for us at that
moment in time
you know we need an enormous amount of
compute and that part of AI is only
going to grow, it's going to grow
exponentially. It's going to grow
dramatically faster than the training
side. So, this gives us an opportunity
to move training to to fully use, you
know, the terrestrial data centers for
training purposes. And there's going to
be, you know, political bun fights over
that. But this frees up you know the
terrestrial this frees up the
terrestrial data centers from having to
do what will be the huge volume in the
future and that's the inference the
thinking time and um there is almost
boundless amount of energy and certainly
almost boundless amount of space to do
this in space. And so it's going to be
awfully hard
for the um people who are so opposed to
modernization to stop this from
happening. It's going to be hard. They
will try and they will try and fight
SpaceX from launching the kind of
numbers of set of of rockets they need
to launch to get a
you know a full data center in the sky.
But I I think that that's limited
actually in their polit within their
political power versus what they can do
to stop uh terrestrial energy. I think
uh Jensen Wong pointed out that
inference is a million times more
like bigger than the training and so far
all most of the buildouts are for
training of these LLMs and intelligence
but you're needing inference and you
need million that's why you've got Star
Mind and you've got megapods
distributed data centers for inference
probably um there's these names that are
very interesting that's pretty cool So
SpaceX has cool star names. Starfall,
which we were going to talk about.
That's that's you can explain what that
is. That's very cool because that
actually flew. They actually did a
flight just a few days ago. Star Gaze,
Star Shield, Star Base, Star Factory,
Star Ship, and Star Link. Okay, let's
start with the bottom one because that's
pretty obvious. I think everybody here
knows what Starlink is. That gives you
internet access uh from the sky to a to
receiver. Starship. It's the largest
powerful rocket ever. It's version
three. You were talking earlier about
Star Factory. That's what they call it.
That's a million square foot advanced
manufacturing facility located at Star
Base. That's a city that uh that they
called it Starbase.
Star Shield. I think most people here
know what that is. That is a well people
don't talk about it, but it's an
agreement with the United States
government to provide their version of
Starlink. All right. secure their
version of Starlink and then maybe
eventually we'll also have their version
of their inference data center and
overall data centers in the future. All
right. So tell us what is stargaze and
starfall.
&gt;&gt; Well Stargaze is actually something
that's been in operation for several
years now.
Starlink
the Starlink uh there are so many
satellites 10,000 of them that it is
very important to track them all the to
track all the objects that can impinge
upon them all the time because you know
what the worst possible thing that could
happen to Starink is if there's a
an explosion involving a Starling
satellite and pieces of those satellites
you know get propagated into the area
into the the the region in which
Starling satellites travel and then you
what you do is you you ultimately will
get from that kind of event
what we call um the Kepler effect. The
Kepler effect was pro proposed by a
scientist called Kepler where so many
part so many pieces so many so many
components of satellites are broken up
that
there's no way to you you can orbit in
that particular orbit because every
satellite will be be impinged by or
would be destroyed by these these other
parts of satellites. So Stargaze is
it is created by the Starlink network.
It's it's sorry it's implemented by the
Starling network for their own benefit.
But it's become to be very valuable for
all orbiting satellites in low earth
orbit because
um you know SpaceX is able to provide
this capable this information and this
capability and so it's rapidly becoming
a crucial tool for the whole space
industry and it become even more
important if we ever get into some kind
of you know war in in in space. So, um,
we owe real debt to SpaceX for
implementing this, running it, and
providing it as a service to to the
industry as a whole.
&gt;&gt; Wow.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. I didn't realize it was already
out there. Stargaze, and then Starfall,
&gt;&gt; it's been operating for some time now.
&gt;&gt; So, Starfall is this new product that
out of the blue, we didn't even realize
that SpaceX were developing it. They
never advertised. They never spoke about
it. But it is the idea is that it's a
it's a
hockey puck like device. Looks like a
hockey puck. We're looking at it from
&gt;&gt; big. It's Yeah, it's not puck. It's
actually
&gt;&gt; It's It's two tons. That's how much it
weighs. And And it holds a ton.
One ton. 2,000 lbs of of actual cargo.
whether it's cargo or whether it's
actual you know active device but the
beauty of it is that it can return to
earth doesn't need rockets it doesn't it
it can return to earth of its own by
itself it's got gu it's got little
guidance um uh gas thrusters
but the beauty of it is that it can
bring back to earth without an active
recovery vehicle
and uh you know somebody's is
postulated. And by the way, the the the
shape of it is quite specific so that it
can go into the so-called PEZ dispenser
of the starship. That's the dispenser
that allows
&gt;&gt; that allows satellites to be disorgged
from the space
&gt;&gt; from it.
&gt;&gt; Well, the point about it is
&gt;&gt; let it out.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. it can actually um launch it from
from the starship.
So the point about it is that they can
take a large number um somebody
postulated I think it's four per pairs
per pairs and there are two pairs on a
row that's eight. So they can they can
actually launch from the starship eight
of these per layer and there are 16
layers. Now it's two he depending on the
weight that they're at. So the limit is
200 tons will be 200 tons. Right now
it's a little bit less than that
somewhat less than that. Anyway, the
point is they can launch a starship with
I don't know 20 40 of these of these
starfalls on board on board take them to
a particular spot extract them from the
starship and they will return to earth
of you know by their own devices. So
they could launch a couple of hundred
tons of these PE p of these star walls
through the pest dispenser and have them
land anywhere on Earth within an hour or
two. So if you're if you're in the if
you're in the military and you have to
get you know ammunition very quickly
&gt;&gt; to a particular point on the ground
anywhere on Earth
&gt;&gt; another country that's far away instead
of taking a a plane instead of taking a
ship you you launch a rocket and then
you let all of these out and then you
can drop them. I'm assuming I mean do
they have thrusters? Can they be
targeted at
&gt;&gt; They've got gas thrusters. They they
have gas thrusters and they can be
programmed to launch to land on a
particular spot.
&gt;&gt; So this is the fastest way to send
massive cargo to any location if there's
a disaster in
&gt;&gt; some country that's so far away from us.
&gt;&gt; Elon, you know, SpaceX launches a thing
and sends out, you know,
&gt;&gt; life.
&gt;&gt; Think about manufacturing. Think about a
manufacturing plant manufacturing some
stuff up in space. Manufacturing stuff
which cannot be manufactured you know on
earth because of gravity. So you
particularly biological
uh you know to to grow human uh cells
into human tissue um is really difficult
in gravity but it's not that difficult.
It's much easier in space that they've
proven. So they can launch that,
manufacture it in spa, launch a
satellite that manufactures in space and
then that can be packed into a starfall
and sent back to Earth. So you know you
can keep
&gt;&gt; scientific discovery. I heard that if
you're creating materials apparently if
you create the material there I don't
know what it is let's say steel whatever
it's probably something more than steel
whatever something
atoms
&gt;&gt; ultra high quality steel. Yeah,
&gt;&gt; the the atoms are much more aligned
properly if you do it in in zero gravity
than if you do it in gravity. So it's a
lot more pure creation and then you send
that back or like you said in research.
&gt;&gt; So they do something up there and then
of course probably asteroid mining. I
mean grab start sending it back home and
you don't have to wait for a massive
rocket to send everything back home. Um
wow this is brilliant. Thank you. You
know so much. Uh, so this is, of course,
you know this. You've got this
everywhere.
&gt;&gt; This may be a starship, but I, you know,
I could be mistaken.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, you might be mistaken. You don't
know what you're doing.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, this is
&gt;&gt; You've only seen a billion of these. How
many show How many have seen five
launches and one return?
&gt;&gt; All right. But you say you watch every
single You told me you watch them all
TV. Yeah. Yeah. But no, no, but I mean
I've been I've been present at at Five
Launches. probably the Star Factory.
&gt;&gt; I've watched every one that's taken off.
Yeah. On TV. Anyway,
&gt;&gt; the Star Factory. That's the kind of
stuff they're making. All right. Uh,
more news this week. FCC granted SpaceX
approval to test Starlink to Starlink
communications in orbit. What, Larry? I
would assume this was already a brew.
What's going on? What is this?
&gt;&gt; Well, there's a difference between what
they what they have been doing and this.
And so what they have been doing is
they've had stalinktoink communication
um by laser.
&gt;&gt; Yes.
&gt;&gt; So this is specific radio frequencies.
Okay.
&gt;&gt; So so this is not a this is not a
revolutionary situation. And this is an
evolutionary situation because the
stalling to stalling communications that
are done by laser are the critical
communications in terms of speed of
communication.
Um you know so when you really want to
move a signal all the way around the
earth you don't want to do it by radio
communication because all those jumps
take time. Even it goes by undersea
cable it takes time you but if you
propagate it by laser you can reduce the
time by a very dramatic amount I know
we're talking microsconds now and
milliseconds but the truth of the matter
is that sometimes those milliseconds
really really really count
frequency is not as fast and but but the
problem with laser is that it's
sometimes interfered with by weather so
So, it's one thing to go um satellite to
satellite, but when you have to send
that to Earth, you've got a problem with
lasers, particularly because of moisture
in the air, you know, clouds,
uh smoke, other other
factors. So, what you want with lasers
is you want an additional backup of
radio frequency. So, this is not like a
groundbreaking thing. This is an
evolutionary additional thing. And I'm
sure that there are a lot of cases where
particularly when they're doing support
for aircraft and for and for um you know
military purposes they'll want some kind
of backup and some kind of
compensating
&gt;&gt; perfect medium.
&gt;&gt; It's unbelievable what you know Larry
finances
technology
space.
Yeah, but you know I'm I'm just an
amateur at all of that stuff. So
everything I say you need to be taken
with a pinch of salt.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Yeah. You're a previous scientist
in your past life. Maybe
&gt;&gt; uh so this is the biggest benefit. It
could help Starlink become more
independent of ground stations. Faster
routing of internet traffic through
space. Lower latency and long distance
connections. Better coverage over
oceans, polar regions and remote areas.
More resilient communications during
disasters. stronger military, aviation,
maritime, and emergency communications.
Okay, that's a step to
&gt;&gt; I would be a little bit more I would be
less definitive about some of those
advantages. As I said previously, I
think Doge designer went a little bit
over their skis.
&gt;&gt; All right. Uh and I've reported on this
so many times already, so we're going to
do this very quickly, but this week also
SpaceX signed Reflection AI is yet a
third customer. uh this deal is 6.3
billion to rent their compute on the
terrestrial data center. So if you add
up all this, Anthropic is paying 1.25
per month. Google's paying 920 million
per month. Now you got Reflection paying
150 million a month. That will start by
October and that's July. And so soon by
October you're talking $2.3 billion all
of a sudden.
&gt;&gt; I would be a little Yeah, I'd be a
little bit uh skeptical that we'll get
there by October. I mean, Google's
payments begin upon the Reuben chip
being installed and operational.
&gt;&gt; October sounds I mean, it's possible. I
I could, you know, it's possible, but
certainly we'll be at the 25 billion a
year run rate before the end of the
year.
&gt;&gt; That's a big number.
That number completely wipes out all the
negative dollars that everybody was
projecting for SpaceX from uh XAI from
the XAI. Um it was a genius move.
Absolutely genius move. Who saw it
coming?
&gt;&gt; And you know and it looks like this is
going to be an ongoing business. It
looks like, you know, that they're going
to become a hyperscaler. And it, you
know, makes all the sense in the world.
Become an, you know, an hyperscala, a
terrestrial hyperscaler as you're
building hypers scale in the sky.
&gt;&gt; Uh, and then I know you you pointed this
out before, but SpaceX revenue is not
the same as other companies revenue
because it's a lot higher margins. Uh,
Starlink, for example, a lot higher
margins than any most businesses. And
here this looks like it's going to be
pretty high margin because you already
spent the money. It's already sitting
there maintaining it. You would have had
to maintain it anyways
sitting empty. It's almost free money.
&gt;&gt; I think that I think SpaceX is going to
become the largest communications
company on Earth within two and a half
years,
maybe three years, but easily the
largest communications company on Earth.
&gt;&gt; All right, Larry. I do not know a single
person that I could have met today to to
do the show with that knows everything
about SpaceX.
Amateur as you are. Thank you. If you're
the amateur, I wonder what we are. Like
we're like
dumb as a bricks. Thank you, Larry.
Appreciate you. Follow him on
lumicenti.com. Give him show him some
love. Thanks everybody. Bye-bye. I've
created a website that is the most
comprehensive resource for the Tesla
investor. Please check it out. So simply
go to my website at herbalm.com.