Channel:     brighterwithherbert
Title:       Chamath Says THIS Is SpaceX’s Real Money Maker
URL:         https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MfOC8TvHc-4
Published:   2026-08-25 13:30 UTC
Fetched:     2026-08-25 14:00 UTC

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

When you're thinking about SpaceX
business and stock, Shamath of All-In
podcast says the phone business,
Starling's direct to sell is the one
that will actually get the real money
first. And he says it's enormous and
underappreciated. He expects it to
produce real revenue before most of the
other things people are modeling for
SpaceX. So today, we're looking at the
chances for Starlink Mobile. Is it
bigger and sooner than anyone has priced
in? Start with what SpaceX already owns.
65 meghertz of nationwide spectrum
bought from Echoar for about 19.6 6
billion. That's the first time the
company owns its own airwaves instead of
borrowing T-Mobiles. And management has
said out loud what they're aiming at.
The $600 billion a year that Verizon,
AT&amp;T, and T-Mobile pull in between them.
Satellites would sell tower hardware on
board talking straight to the phone
already in your pocket. Then there's a
tell. Elon replied, "Not true to report
that SpaceX wants $6 billion more
spectrum." And when he says not true
about something like this, there's
usually a grain of truth in there
somewhere. If you hold SpaceX or Tesla
stock, this one matters. We're going to
talk to Jeff Lutz about this today. Jeff
has tremendous experience talking about
mobile phones. This is his background,
his career. He was an ex supply chain
sea level executive at several Fortune
100 companies like Google, Lenovo, and
Motorola. He's currently running his own
consulting firm. Welcome, Jeeoff.
&gt;&gt; Hey, Herbert. Yeah, this is fun.
&gt;&gt; This is fun. This is right up your
alley.
Starlink's going to get into the mobile
business. Well, you've been in the
mobile business for decades. Um, you
launched the Motorola phones, right?
When iPhone was out as well. Uh, and um,
you know, a lot. So,
&gt;&gt; yeah, let's listen first to Chamat, what
he says, and then we'll react to it.
&gt;&gt; I think it's an incredible company. And
&gt;&gt; and we should say you you own shares of
the company.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, I I was an LP in Peter's Founders
Fund, too, which may be the single best
venture fund or any fund of all time.
It's literally like the outlier of
outliers. It's like a multiund
approaching thousandx return his his
fund. Uh and then uh 2011 I invested and
then 2016 he acquired a company where I
was a large investor in called Swarm
which is their direct to sell business.
So I really believe in Elon. I believe
in SpaceX. Um what is the interesting
thing that I think is worth taking away?
&gt;&gt; I think that people are probably
underestimating the short-term value of
two things. Okay. One is the industrial
logic of acquiring Tesla.
&gt;&gt; Okay,
&gt;&gt; there is a very obvious industrial logic
to put these two businesses together, to
have one capital structure, to have one
uh balance sheet, to be able to raise
money for the broad swath of things that
he's doing uh as one vehicle. And then
the second is I think that you're going
to see an enormous business in the
domestic cellular market before you see
a lot of other revenue streams hit. What
&gt;&gt; Wow. Okay. So, two things he talked
about. First of all, do you think that
uh Chamat he seems to be playing, this
is just my conspiracy theory, he playing
he's playing the role of um feeding
information to the public and testing it
out and now he's talking about the Tesla
SpaceX merger and then he's um pumping
up uh direct to sell.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. So, these things have been out
there for a a period of time. Uh you
have to they have to be careful with how
they approach these things. At the same
time, I think there is value and I think
there are surrogates out there putting
trial balloons out just to see how how
companies respond. I would not sleep on
this. I I I was out here two years ago.
Uh as soon as I saw Starlink doing a lot
of kind of SOS and emergency
work and then all of a sudden I saw, you
know, video a direct to sell video call.
I'm like, "Okay, I can see where this is
going." I think even Elon responded to
one of my posts of of basically trying
to like, you know, contain contain it a
bit and just more of just like, yeah,
we're we're doing some interesting
things.
But I do think
there is a way for Starlink to execute
here and really take the cost structure
down of the service and improve the
service where people will have access
that they've never had access before and
in the places that people have access
today. I actually think that is the real
challenge for Starlink. Uh, so I think I
I don't think this is going to be a
light switch moment of, you know, in
2027 they flip the light switch and
everybody's got the access to Starlink
and it's uh sell service and it's
incredibly inexpensive. I think this
will take a period of time. There's work
for them to do to launch these
satellites and there's work for them to
do on the service and in these congested
areas, in these urban areas and in
building settings, but I do think
they're working I do think they're
working towards that. And I actually
think Elon's goal isn't as so much of
trying to replace cell phone service is
is that there's going to be so many AI
devices. They're going to demand so much
connectivity and so much data,
excuse me, that he wants to provide the
the bandwidth and the capability to
connect all these devices. He knows
there's no Optimus and there's no
millions of robo taxis without Starlink
connectivity.
&gt;&gt; You know, whenever he's asked the
question, are you going to get into a
mobile phone? He says, no, never, not
uh or I think his comment was only if I
think that they're not or only if I'm
forced to do it or something like that,
I think was his comment. But you know
that it's like the Steve Jobs things.
No, I'm not going to get to mobile
phones, but I will be getting to AI
devices. Um, OpenAI is creating an AI
device with Johnny Ies. They're famously
now in legal uh hot water because they
were stealing employees of Apple were
prior to quitting would share
information to OpenAI about this AI
device that they're working on.
&gt;&gt; And so,
&gt;&gt; yeah, allegedly. So, allegedly. Sure.
cover myself here. Uh but you know AI
devices is very logical that Tesla will
Elon will do this with both SpaceX and
Tesla, some sort of AI device. He's
talked about it, right? He's talked
about a all you would need is a a slab
with a battery on it and a and then you
may or may not even need screens. So you
might have pendants, you might have
watches, you might have glasses, and
then you would just uh have the AI
create on the fly your OS, your apps.
You don't need to load up anything.
You're just communicating AI. Now, with
regards to direct cell, that's real.
They announced that and Gwen Shawwell
said that it was going to be by next
year, the end of next year is when
they're going to actually launch this.
And you're you're you're saying, okay,
well, that's their time. That's SpaceX
time. That's Elon time. it could be
delayed beyond that. But um here's
another one where Elon was a little bit
um you know there was a post and Elon
said not true. So the I don't know who
the post author was but he deleted it.
And then thank you to Christopher
Dungeon who explained what was going on
for those who want to know what the
original post was about. Elon Musk
directly replied not true to a post
claiming SpaceX is interested in buying
$6 billion of 800 megawatt megahertz
spectrum from grain management for a
direct to sell satellite service. The
rumor was based on a Bloomberg report
from August 20th noting SpaceX and AS
Space Mobile as interest parties after
Grain acquired the unrealized ban from
T-Mobile via an FCC approved swap.
SpaceX has aggressively acquired other
Spectrum assets, including nearly 20
billion for Mechstar to advance
Starlink's directed device phone
connectivity plants independently of his
potential deal. So he said no. Yeah.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Maybe not for this uh spectrum,
but I could see them I I think they have
sufficient spectrum actually for uh sell
service. So I but I I could see them
still going out for more. Maybe just not
this um it's not this aotment. I just
want to go back to the product and the
device. Everybody wants to jump to Tesla
making a phone, Tesla making I I again I
think the primary thing is connecting
bots and connecting cars and then if
there is a problem that they can solve
if let's call it the gro interface
becomes so good AI becomes so good at
that it can actually replace apps. So I
I always use the example of, you know,
show me my boarding pass instead of
having to click in in United app and
launch their app. Just show me my
boarding pass and it just appears on
your screen. You don't need to be
thumbming through a hundred different
apps. I think that is a major problem
that they would want to solve. They then
they have to solve the cost structure.
Uh they have to do something for
consumers that is meaningful. that they
just do, you know, the the moat is very
large. The walled garden is very large
for billions of iOS devices, for
example. And so if you just put a
product out there, you're going to be
relegated to low volume unless you crack
the code on the operating system, the
cost structure,
&gt;&gt; the capability.
&gt;&gt; Uh if you can crack the code and you can
make a real like a true AI device, well
then I think they may do something. But
I I think for a long period of time the
the idea is connecting robo taxis,
connecting Tesla vehicles and connecting
optimists. I think that's the big thing.
&gt;&gt; So direct to sell is a real thing. Um
Gwen Trwell said we're doing it. um
we're going to compete with T-Mobile,
Verizon,
and um we're going to uh you know, then
they've they've got their satellites,
but then they'll also have even
terrestrial relay centers. Um and they
talked about even just your all all
satellites, uh sorry, dishes could be
modified to be able to be able then
offer kind of a small little area of
connectivity, cellular connectivity.
than even you know I can't remember what
the name called the relay these these
giant dome these do domes that they
would put on top of buildings so that's
real but then you're saying okay device
you have to do something really big
because I am worried about um not
worried you know I I I said Apple gosh I
was so happy with that company I love
that company so much for so long and
then I felt like they weren't doing any
innovation and I they did not do any
moves in AI and I thought they're
they're done for now luckily they've
partnered with companies with AI
And then next year, I fully expect that
they're going to launch some sort of AI
agent. And that could because right now
only less than 1% of people are using
agents and then Apple with their phone
with the Android phone releasing agents
to the regular consumer could really
take over that market. So if SpaceX and
Tesla, Elon wants to be in that game,
they can't just like release a device. I
agree with you that if open eye releases
their Johnny IV designed necklace or
whatever it is that they're creating a
pendant, who's going to buy it? 90, you
know, my wife will buy it. My do why? I
don't think so. And so you're right that
that bar for what is an AI device and
what's its value? Even the the company
called the pin, they they went out of
business. Nobody wanted to buy the pin,
right? You just put it here and you
could talk to AI. Maybe it was too
early. So you're right about that. What
would it take, Jeeoff? What would it
take to really break through? Because
you've done this. I mean, you obviously
created a phone and you broke through at
the time. Smartphone versus dumb phone,
but
&gt;&gt; both of them. Yeah. Yeah. I
&gt;&gt; when when when when
we at Motorola made the Razer, for
example, there was nothing like that
phone in terms of uh form factor,
thinness, design, you know, it was a a a
folding clam hinge. There was nothing
like it and it made people feel a
certain way. There was a certain premium
aspect to it. We had we had no idea that
at the time when you know that phone
ended up being 170 million units across
that wow you know family of devices but
at the time we we thought it would be
500,000 units
&gt;&gt; in its lifetime. So sometimes you don't
know but you but when we created that
product I remember we had this retreat
just thinking about like what this thing
would be and how to do it. It took a
couple years, but it was such a
departure from any other kind of product
that was out there today that it was so
unique when it launched and it became
iconic and but I think today people are
not just looking for iconic form factor
because back then there was you didn't
have the kind of content information and
capability you have with AI. I think
people today are looking for AI device
first. I think if it can tell you
something about your health, if it can
tell you something about your finances,
your life, if it could if it could
inform you of things that existing
devices today just don't have the
sensors and the compute capability to
do, and if it can do it at a cost
structure and power consumption
structure that's meaningfully different,
then I think you have something. So, I
think there needs to be a couple of big
leaps. Can they make a really thin
product with a two-day battery, for
example? Can that product have all this
AI capability? Can it inform you of your
health? If it's just again if it's just
another product, different app store
ecosystem uh more AI based but it's
still the battery runs out in 10 hours
and you know it's you you don't have a
product then I I think you have to
really take a very big leap um to have
it because the the cell phone the the
smartphone market is extremely crowded.
I don't think people a lot of people
understand you have Apple, Samsung, but
then you have this Chinese contingent,
Xiaomi, um Huawei. These are the top,
you know, five out there. There's OPPO,
Vivo, and China.
And they just this is a 1.2, you know,
over a billion phones are coming out of
out of these companies. So, to really
break into this, I think you're going to
have to have something pretty
compelling.
Um because these companies have a lot of
market share. They have a lot of volume
and therefore it helps set their pricing
of their product. So, uh, more to come
on this. I I do think I do think Elon's
thinking about this, but it has to be
something meaningfully different and
better. It can't just be
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; Tesla's iPhone. It can't just be that.
&gt;&gt; No. But the on the other hand I I I
personally can't imagine and I know I
have you have to have imagination here
to have a device that doesn't have a
screen because like you know for me I
can imagine a world where everybody's
managing agents and you're using voice
that's great and of course Elon's
thinking further ahead which is uh first
principles he goes it's got to be
integrated into your neural link that's
great but that's still years and years
away before we're going to get mass
adoption of neural link. Okay, I get it.
They're they're they're making huge
progress, but it's just not the thing.
You you've got to have glasses, I think.
I just can't imagine a pendant. I can't
talk to my AI at all time, but I need to
see sometimes I need to see something.
So,
&gt;&gt; yeah, screens aren't screens aren't the
big financial thing in a smartphone
building of material. Um, you can get a
very good screen,
you know, for between, you know, 20 and
$40 in a smartphone. Right now, what's
breaking the bank in smartphones is
memory, followed by the um the CPU.
&gt;&gt; Yep.
&gt;&gt; Um, in it and all the all the power
management and then the mechanicals th
those are the the top areas. the screen
the screen has been you know every time
there's a big leap in screen technology
you know the introduction of OLED the
introduction of plastic OLED th those um
those are big those are big dollar
ticket item big ticket items but over
time when they get the volume they they
really come down and there's real
normalization so I don't there's no
reason to not have a screen um you know
again based on the size you can get you
can get them at a very very reasonable
price but anyway we're we're kind of I I
think they have to focus on the what and
what is going to be fundamentally
different from the other 1.2 billion
smartphones that would start moving
people. Remember, switching is a big
deal. Switching from your ecosystem,
everything you're accustomed to, it
takes a long time. So, I think you're
going to have to have really amazing AI
capability you can't get in other
devices. probably amazing current drain
and performance and maybe something
related to the optics, the camera, and
the ability to know things about
yourself or about your surroundings that
other cameras or other sorry, other
products simply can't do. Oh,
&gt;&gt; agree with you. Okay. And and and by the
way, devices are probably years and
years away anyway. So, I'm not going to,
you know, it's just the fun sexy thing.
Let's talk about Starlink Mobile,
though, because according to Gwen
Shotwell, this is going to come next
year. And I agree with you, it's going
to be small. uh it's not going to be
like you know take it over everything
but they're getting the spectrum they're
getting they have tremendous value value
so just talk to me about Starlink mobile
what you know about it compared to
T-Mobile and then Verizon and you know
you've heard that them say the CEO of
AT&amp;T I think he came out and he said
something like I don't know he said
something like there's oh the T-Mobile
guy said it I think the T-Mobile CEO
said you know the problem is that
there's actually no issues with cellular
phone service now people are happy we
sell your phone service on if it was a
pro broken then I can see it's a third a
fourth part you know enter coming in and
beating us you know what I'm saying
that's that's his thinking what do you
think John
&gt;&gt; yeah I think people are talking past
each other so I think the reason for
Starlink mobile is for Optimus and for
robo taxis
&gt;&gt; now and if they could load the network
and and they can start hosting
traditional smartphones and that helps
take the cost structure down of the
network and of the service then more
power to it and they they may look to do
that. That's what I can see them looking
to do. But the the inverse is all is the
problem. And the inverse is Elon and
team don't believe that the existing
cellular and networks and connectivity
can host the remember the amount of data
the amount of data that's going back and
forth between these devices. Traditional
um traditional networks can't support
it. So I think I think this is what
people are missing. They think of
Starlink Mobile and they think
somebody's, you know, Tesla's going to
make a phone. SpaceX is going to make a
phone. Elon's going to make a phone.
It's connecting Optimus. It's connecting
cars and it's having enough bandwidth to
service that
&gt;&gt; AI data centers. Yeah, I know you're
right. Elon has said many times before
that it's going to be like a million
times more uh communication needs
because uh agents will be communicating
with other agents and uh humans will be
asking AI questions and it's you know
pinging back to the the space data
centers faster quicker and cellular
won't be able to handle it there's just
too much will
&gt;&gt; part of it not and part of it is Elon
his um product design a vertical product
and supply chain design of vertical
integration. He doesn't want to pay
T-Mobile, AT&amp;T, Vodafone, China Telecom,
some massive markup for data in
perpetuity. He knows that he's just
throwing money away. He wants the
purest, lowest cost form. He's not going
to pay himself a margin. He's going to
connect his products and whatever it
costs to connect his products plus any
margin needed to run that business is
what they'll do. He he doesn't want to
pay that to somebody else. That's just
lighting money on fire to him and
throwing it away. So view this as more
vertical integration and view this as
more as a need for capacity and for the
cost structure.
&gt;&gt; Um are you excited about Starlink mobile
or you're you started off by saying it's
going to be a lot longer than you think.
&gt;&gt; You don't agree with these things take a
little bit longer
um to fill in the service area. You
think about the transition to 3G 4G.
Think about these transitions and how
long it takes for this network
infrastructure to build out. Even think
about the introduction of 5G. It was a
couple of years before you started
getting these ultra wideband connections
and the real the real fast data rates on
5G. U the the early introductions of 5G
were just, you know, slightly faster
than 4G edge with a little bit less
latency. So my point is is you're not
there's not going to be this light
switch moment where it's starling
capability everywhere you go. it's
you're going to have these connectivity
and spottiness issues and I think
they're going to have to launch in
certain areas and then expand the
service um as it comes. But again, if if
I'm SpaceX, if I'm Tesla, I I want and
if I'm going to be putting, you know, a
lot of optimists in the Texas area, I
want to make sure that there's
tremendous coverage and capability in
that area um to deal with this. And then
I'll grow it. you know, grow that
coverage and capability out.
&gt;&gt; By the way, the telecoms aren't going to
sit still, too. They're going to be
focused on bandwidth improvements.
There's uh competitive operations.
There's there's other things going on
besides Starlink. So, I I think um
connectivity, satellitebased comps and
connectivity,
Starlink won't be the only game in town,
but it'll be a lot of the game. And I
think that the the point is that it's
not just the existing market of cellular
service for human consumers. It's AI and
agents thousand times a million times
more and there'll be plenty of need for
everybody. U but Chamat made a point to
say that he believes uh Starlink direct
to sell business will become material
before you see a lot of other revenue
streams hit. He's trying to bring that
up forward. Um how does that Yeah, I
guess we don't know how that works. I
mean, they have a partnership with
T-Mobile now for the dead zones and then
texting, but Elon has said, you know,
you can already do video. Um, so
&gt;&gt; yeah, I don't understand that comment. I
mean, if the if the data center business
is already 100 billion ARR and may
double or triple in the following year,
I think that is where you're going to
see the early uh income and revenue for
SpaceX. I think Starlink Mobile will
take a longer period of time.
&gt;&gt; I agree. Yeah, that does make sense. And
what what's your take on um I think at
one point I heard Elon say that the
devices that we all have this phone I
have in my hand now is not capable of
doing Starlink direct to sell there has
to be some modifications to it future
phones if the phone maker agrees or
something like that. Is that true?
&gt;&gt; Um it can be so yes there are there um
the RF companies
uh and the modem makers inside of
phones. So think of the the modem and
think of the RF um circuitry and phones.
They would have to work on this banding
and this capability all depends on the
spectrum and it depends on those
requirements. So
I think the way for mobile phone
companies to think of this and this is
why I don't see a device coming anytime
soon. It's it would be better for SpaceX
to get the Apples, the Samsungs, and
Googles of the worlds to ban their
phones
to work on their service. And there's
going to have to be a sales pitch of
like what this means. Does it, you know,
does it mean even more higher bandwidth
and capability that you can get from a
traditional 5G
ultra wideband? Is there a cost uh
improvement? They're they're going to
have to work with the existing phone
providers. Otherwise, they're not going
to get the network loading and the cost
structure and in in in capital spread
that they need.
&gt;&gt; Okay, agree with you. Lots of questions.
Thank you for uh putting a little bit
more structure around that. Uh the other
thing that Elon replied to is this uh
post here by John John Erlickman. He
said expected revenue growth in the next
5 years. SpaceX over 2,000 percentage
growth in revenue. Nvidia is at 280%.
Samsung, Alphabet, Microsoft, Meta.
Here's Tesla at 119%
growth now 5 years. That's a long way to
estimate. That's the average analyst
estimates who are very very
conservative. Elon said, "I know this
sounds crazy right now, but I think both
SpaceX and Tesla will exceed these
estimates." So, he's being very bullish
about it. And then a comment about uh
Chamat's comment about um merger. I
guess he just said it's I don't know
what he meant, but he said there's
obvious industrial logic to put in the
booth. I guess he's talking about um
vertical integration again under one
capital structure and one balance sheet
which he sees as a real near-term value
driver rather than something purely
speculative. His point is that SpaceX
and Tesla each raise capital separately.
But if Musk consolidate them into a
single entity, that combined vehicle
could raise money more efficiently for
the entire universe of things he's
building at once rather than each
company competing separately for
capital.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. I mean, they should be able to get
better terms, better rates, especially
if they're going to the capital markets
and raising. So, we've talked about this
and there's a number of reasons to do
it. Also, just pulling the engineering
talent together, not having these
informal, informal agreements to share
engineers and work across all these
boundaries, just putting it um all
together. I there's there's a lot of
advantages to that. So, we'll we'll see
we'll see what happens. But I' I've
always I've spoken about the absurdity
of, you know, just two different
companies buying and and managing GPUs
and the underutilization of that.
There's that's
huge huge dollars. You know, the
products going back and forth, the mega
packs going back and forth, the vehicles
going back and forth. There's all these
things that that I think the companies
could be leveraging much better. But
it's really about capital and and
talent. I think it's really about that
and just the most efficient use of
capital and talent. Do you need, you
know, two PR groups? We even have one in
some cases. Do you you need two HR
there? So, there's all these things you
can these efficiencies you can get uh as
well. But I mean, he's he's looking for
massive growth. He's looking I mean,
he's looking for more than a 20x on
SpaceX over five years.
&gt;&gt; Jeeoff, uh we were talking about
Starlake Mobile. Is there anything there
as you think about the two companies
combining together SpaceX and Tesla that
that would make Starlink mobile better?
Now, when I look at it, I go, well, I
don't Okay, maybe if they get into
devices, but if you think about it,
Starlink themselves already has a Star
Starlink. They got that nailed. They got
the communication part of it and they
are able to create devices. By the way,
the Starlink dishes are tiny little
dishes that they are mass-producing
already. factory here really close by
and where I live. You know, they're able
to produce these things. So, it's not
like they have no knowledge of how to
create devices, especially smaller
devices, but can you see the value to
Starink mobile if Starlink and Tesla
were actually integrated?
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Um I think the Starlink factory in
Bayrup is probably the best
consumer could be the best consumer
electronics factory in the country in
terms of what it there's basically just
bags of resin and raw materials coming
into the door and out is coming a
product. So tremendous vertical
integration, tremendous automation. I
think the big thing that the two could
do together is around automation and
robotics. I really do. It doesn't mean
that Starlink and SpaceX don't have the
robotics capability, but I just think
more of it exists inside of Tesla. Um,
but in terms of product design, it would
be new to both of them. You know, doing
these smaller devices is it is really a
different world. I I remember when um in
Motorola we had, you know, we had
different divisions. We had a set top
box, cable box div like these are just
different things. There's different
space constraints. One of them has to be
dropped, you know, a hund times and
survive and and there just there's
there's different constraints on these
things. So, but I think the Starlink
team and capabil I think they're very
capable. I think their production
automation is very capable. And I think
if Tesla, SpaceX wanted to do a phone,
there's definitely a curve that they're
going to have to come up. This isn't
easy, but I think they could. What has
to happen, and I've written about this
extensively, we have to leapfrog China.
And the way you're going to leaprog
China is through automation and AI. We
can't just do what they're doing and
bring in onshore manufacturing and think
everything's going to be okay. So, I
think what would compel Tesla, SpaceX to
do a device actually could be is if
we're in some sort of geopolitical
conflict and you just don't have access
to communication that this is a real
problem for the United States. I've
talked about this extensively, we should
be able to build our own u mobile
communications and so I could see that
being another reason to do it. And I
think between the two companies are
tremendous capability, but I don't think
Starlink has to have Tesla to do that.
But I think the automation chops would
help
&gt;&gt; could help in the future. Thank you so
much, Jeeoff. There's no one else better
honestly to have this conversation.
We'll have more because Starlink is now
creating mobile mobile at least they're
getting into mobile. Whether or not they
get into devices, we don't know and it
could be years away, but your knowledge
here is going to be very very helpful.
Uh, follow Jeff on his ex account at the
Jeffoff Lots. Thanks everybody.
&gt;&gt; Thank you.