Channel:     brighterwithherbert
Title:       Tom Lee Extremely BULLISH
URL:         https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HzEI-68zyEE
Published:   2026-06-03 14:04 UTC
Fetched:     2026-06-03 15:00 UTC

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

The future is coming faster than almost
anyone realizes. And if Tom Lee and Brad
Gersonner, two of the smartest investors
on Wall Street, are right, the next two
years could look very different from the
last two. And it's Elon Musk who will
win. First, Tom Lee of Fundrat says
we're about to see some of the biggest
stock market gains of our lifetime. We
will explore what he means by this,
which sectors, and why. Second, Brad
Gersonner of Ultimator says there is no
human being on the planet better at
turning electrons into tokens than Elon
Musk. Think about it. We focus on
rockets and Starling, but Elon is
simultaneously building some of the
largest AI comput clusters on Earth,
planning orbital data centers in space,
training his own AI models, scaling
robots, robo taxis, and now accelerating
terra fab at a pace that's almost hard
to believe. New reports suggest a SpaceX
linked company is acquiring more than
3,100 acres in Texas, tied to what could
become a 55 to19 billion chip
manufacturing ecosystem. The future
isn't arriving one industry at a time.
It's thriving all at once and Elon
appears to be building the
infrastructure underneath it. Joe Bacti
is joining us today. He's an economist,
investor, and tech entrepreneur. He has
a YouTube channel covering both Tesla
and AGI. Check out his website and
community at pioneerlands.org.
Welcome, Joe.
&gt;&gt; Good to be back.
&gt;&gt; Let's listen to Tom Lee of Funstrat.
He's uh seems to be pretty good about
predicting what's about to happen in the
stock market. He's one of the stock
market legends out there. and he says,
"Watch out. The next two years are going
to be very big. Going to be the biggest
gains of the stock market in our
lifetime."
&gt;&gt; Uh forecast for the next two years. And
what's it based on?
&gt;&gt; Well, I think a couple things are coming
together, Joe, um that are going to
really support a few things that may
only happen like once in our lifetime.
One is I think this the US economic
growth rate is actually starting to step
up.
um you know in other words we could grow
at 4% and for a you know a mature
largest economy in the world to start to
accelerate growth that that's pretty um
astounding. Um the second is the US is
one of the biggest exporters of the most
important tool in the next 10-15 years
which is AI products and that means we
are a net essentially exporter of a
highv value product and there's so much
capital I think misallocated today
because so much of it is held in private
alternatives but it's going to move into
the public market. So I do think that
plus the demographic tailwind of
millennials and Gen Z uh adding to the
workforce but then also beginning to
inherit generational wealth. I think
that is going to set up for after 2026
perhaps you know like you know over the
next two years some of the biggest gains
of the stock market in our lifetime.
&gt;&gt; Wow that's a big statement. Some of the
biggest gains in the stock market of our
lifetime. It sure feels like it's
already happening now. I wouldn't bet
against that. when you look at like just
look of course there's always the
argument these are all specific stocks
like Dell IBM all these all Huelet
Packard now this is insane they're all
going up 30% in a day like these kinds
of stocks these are big big companies
and iconic companies now the entire
space stocks like Rocket Labs and the
Virgin Galactic they're all like insane
gains but why is it just a bubble no
look The results they are going through
the roof. The revenues are going through
the roof. Margins are going through the
roof. I know what we are doing here at
Pioneer Lands and Pioneer you know
reserve my company where we you know do
the financial things in the bonds like
we can now save so much money on
attorneys on drafting on marketing on
design and we work like crazy. And if we
are doing that the rest of the world is
doing it too. And so the big picture is
and this is an old economic truth. All
these debates about mass migration, open
borders, you know the whole story where
our whole society goes crazy. Why is
this even happening? Because labor is
the fuel of an economy. It's labor. If
you have more labor, more cheap labor,
you make more money if you What is
happening in AI is basically an absolute
deflation, a reduction of price in labor
and a massive increase in people only
that they're not people, they're agents.
So now every company can hire hundreds
and hundreds or thousands of people at
cents or like tiny percentage fractions
of the original costs. And when you know
anything about economics, this is
insane. It's basically saying, "Oh, you
can import a 100 million PhDs into the
United States and they cost nothing.
They cost you 20 bucks per day." This is
literally what it what this is. And so
what would happen? A completely massive
economic boom. This is non-trivial.
People don't understand what's going on.
This is literally importing billions of
people into the US only that they are
disembodied. They have no bodies. They
don't need food. They don't need
housing. They just work. They work much
more. They work much better. And they
work for tiny little cents on the dollar
of the previous cohorts. So that is by
far the greatest boom we will ever see.
And it's not like it's not it's not
abstract. It's literally people only
that they're not people. You can just
get them. You know all about it. You're
doing it too. You can just get all these
workers and they do all these things. So
I think he's absolutely right. Of course
it will be political disruptions and
other disruptions because the other
people might make less money. Who knows
what's going to happen. But effectively
I I view it as like massive super mass
immigration only without the bodies like
from an economics perspective. But
they're also exporting the AI. That's
the thing. Everybody's going to get
this. And so which companies are going
to be the most gains. What we're
watching now, of course, is the
infrastructure. So the Nvidia chips,
right? How Micron memory, the the
infrastructure, the Dell, Oracle, all
those guys are going up.
&gt;&gt; But it's all it's like expanding in
circles, right? It started with Nvidia,
&gt;&gt; then anthropic and uh open AI, then Mac
7, now Dell,
&gt;&gt; and now energy, then chemicals.
&gt;&gt; And then it hits the entire economy
because who's buying all that? So, who's
hiring all these little invisible
agents? Everyone.
&gt;&gt; Yes. Yeah. And
&gt;&gt; I don't like it's important to
understand that this is not in a sector
that has a boom or something.
This is feeding the entire economy with
the most massive fuel you can imagine.
Super cheap, extremely qualified labor.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Superpowers. Uh so I I this is and
then what the first sign is the US
economy has seemed to be he's saying
it's going up and uh GDP is going up and
then of course Elon is the one
predicting that at some point the G US
GDP could be 10x what it is now like 10
percentage points not just you know two
3% is huge. I mean, Elon was a little
dumb. He was a little not thinking
through when he said we had 100% GDP
growth. I think that's not smart. But
10x GDP. Yes. Easy.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. It's crazy.
&gt;&gt; In 10 years, 10x.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; Easy.
&gt;&gt; So, that's, you know, sounding good.
It's all sounding good. Now, who's going
to be the biggest winners? Um Brad
Gersonner of Altimator, he just made a
huge bet on um Anthropics raise, right?
Right. obviously that we just reported
on yesterday. But he's obviously very
bullish on Elon. He thinks that Elon is
the only the only human on the planet
that can really make things happen. He
can build what he calls turning
electrons into tokens, which is
building, you know, phys physical
compute, physical buildings, and then
that is then what turns into AI data
centers. He's better than anyone else at
that. And that's what matters. That's
what he says. to it.
&gt;&gt; There's no human being on the planet
that is better at turning electrons into
tokens than Elon Musk, right? Let me say
that again because we focus a lot on the
launch business. We focus a lot on the
communications business, right? Which is
Starlink, which we all benefit from. But
Elon is building the biggest data
centers on Earth and eventually in space
of anybody. And nobody is better at
turning those electrons into tokens.
That is an extraordinarily valuable
place to sit. He just struck a huge deal
with Anthropic. I think more deals are
to come and that from my perspective
totally changed the game on the SpaceX
IPO. I knew that the launch business was
great. I knew that uh Starlink was great
but that alone would not justify the
valuation. him building the data centers
which are going to power all of AI and
him then using those to train up his own
AI with incredible team uh that he
acquired from cursor I think is a total
game changer for the IPO and puts them
in a really good position.
&gt;&gt; I said a lot of things there. Let's go
through them one at a time. Which one do
you want to go first? Yeah, I think uh
that's one of the most overlooked things
was that Elon pulled off Colossus in and
in such a short period of time that even
Yensen you should you know when you see
this video this interview with Yensen
Hang when he talks about this what he
saw there he couldn't even believe it
&gt;&gt; right that they build I don't know in
two months or something something that
normally takes two years and so these
data centers that are now at the heart
and the central attention of the entire
economy
are becoming the key thing and what we
saw with Stargate right in Texas is that
they just failed. They couldn't build
it. They
&gt;&gt; approach Yeah. Open
&gt;&gt; and Oracle and whoever soft bank. So the
ability to actually build these things
because we have to understand these are
not just things. These are new super
machines, right? They're not easy to
build. Some of these they require new
inventions. people never were able to
build like 500,000 you know uh GPUs in a
single
&gt;&gt; 300,000 they couldn't they couldn't make
that beyond 300,000 GPUs uh coherent
anything beyond that in fact all the AI
experts at the time they all came out
says it's actually impossible to go
beyond 30 and then is it 300,000 or
30,000 yeah 30,000
&gt;&gt; 30,000
&gt;&gt; 30,000 it couldn't do beyond 30,000 and
then of course Elon comes in and says we
we found a way to make it all coherent
that that was like a strength of Elon
and then the speed and even the
capability of doing that that's
non-trivial like you know people
overlook this and say whatever it's a
little engineering well if no one it's
like starship yeah it's a little
engineering but no one can do it so what
are you going to do and this is like
this you know it's it's very interesting
that both people who have no clue like
normal normies and MBAs they're both in
this mindset that think well just
technology hire some more engineers and
do it Elon always picks these things
where there's choke point that literally
is impossible for other people and is of
decisive importance for humanity. That's
a good combination. Look at Jeff Bezos.
Look at Blue Origin. They just blew up
their rocket.
&gt;&gt; Um they blew up the launch pad. You were
saying that the week before. You said if
you have a launch, SpaceX was about to
have launch. You said that the most
important thing to watch out for was
don't blow up at launch because if the
launch pad is hit is destroyed, it will
take two years for that to be built. and
SpaceX successfully did theirs, but
unfortunately Blue Origin did blow up at
the launchpad.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. And it's it's I was in biotech
once and it's they're similar. It's it's
like these things where you think, can
someone just give someone a billion
dollars and invent longevity? We kind of
know how it works. Yeah. But it's not it
doesn't work like that. It's a singular
thing. You need like a person who can
actually do that. And this craftsmanship
which we totally discount in these days
applies for these very complicated
things. You cannot give someone a
billion or even a trillion and say build
Starship. They will fail. You will not
have Starship. You need Elon to do it.
And with the data centers maybe not as
dramatic but still more dramatic than
people think. They thought like oh just
invest money build the data centers. It
doesn't work. You need someone who's
really getting it because you need to
invent a lot of things. And I think
that's what Brett Gersonner refers here
to. Same with orbital AI. If there
wouldn't be Elon, I would not be sitting
here and saying it's trivial. I'm just
saying it's trivial because for him it's
trivial. I can predict it's going to be
trivial.
&gt;&gt; But if you take away Elon and give it to
NASA, I would say, well, good luck. Come
back in 20 years, they're going to fail.
Now, Elon has come out last week saying
that uh building orbital AI data centers
in space is a lot easier than people
think. Well, of course, like he said,
it's him. He's he's already got Starlink
and he's understands all that.
&gt;&gt; Uh but on the other side, um when do you
think that he will actually have AI data
centers in space?
&gt;&gt; Well, I I'm very strong in my conviction
that uh this is only bottlenecked by
Starship. This is not even a thing. The
headlights uh because when you think
about it, we already know some details.
I did the math back of the napkin math
in November last year and said this is
going to happen much faster than people
think. They will be 60% cheaper over a
10-year time span than terrestrial
within three years. And uh now we know
more specs because Elon said some of the
specs. It's going to be five times the
energy of a Starlink. So that's easy.
You need five times these solar panels.
Not 500 times, just five times. That's
trivial engineering. If you build 10,000
stalling satellites, you know how to do
that. Can you build the same satellite
with five times more solar? Of course.
&gt;&gt; Can you build the same satellite with,
let's say, 20 times more radiation
radiators?
Probably. Of course. So, I think there's
literally no problem. And then you have
to figure out maybe some shielding for
the GPUs. and you have to figure out the
lasers but the lasers are also already
implemented in stalink so they know how
to do that of course there are some
tweaks right for GPUs and communicating
data but I do not think there's any
problem I think the entire bottleneck
will be starship and the question when
this is ready but we do more research
right now and I think people also got
this wrong you don't even need reusable
Starship to make this economically
feasible in my opinion so that means
latest in 2028 eight, we're ready to do
that at scale. So I predict next year we
will have multiple prototypes in space
like maybe a lot even like hundreds
maybe for testing or dozens of AI
satellites probably 100 kilowatt and
they will test them and then
commercialize them and by 2028
I think we should be ready for the first
version of scaled data centers and
that's not what people have on the
radar. They think it's 10 years or
something. No, I think 2028 was a date
that I was uh going to say that that's a
that's when it start like you just said.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Then then it's all about the
predictions. When do we reach a
gigawatt? When do we reach a terowatt?
That's needs to be modeled out the
different scenarios.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. But given the pressure and given
that they will solve the core problem by
28 I think uh it will happen much we
will get to a terowatt compute in space
much faster than people think because
they underestimate the pressure the
economic pressure on this whole thing.
&gt;&gt; All right so you got Tom Lee basically
saying that you know AI is transforming
and many stocks are going to go
skyrocketing next year meaning to say
that it's already being so effective and
so uh efficient useful. Um, then you've
got Brad Gerson saying that you've got
Elon the best at, you know, the speed of
getting out there and implementing.
You've got him working on the AI, the
terrestrial data centers. He's already
proven he's faster than everyone else
there. He's the only one that can really
do space-based AI data centers. Um, and
then of course, Terrafab is the next
thing. And here is the latest. Terrafab
is moving fast. Now, we know that this
company called Whittech LLC, which is
which shares the same physical address
of XAI in Palo Alto. So, hint hint,
WITE is actually XAI's company, SpaceX
company. They are purchasing 3,000 acres
in Grimes County, Texas. This is the
area for the 55 to up to $119 billion
SpaceX AI multihase nextgen vertically
integrated semiconductor manufacturing
and advanced computing fabrication
facility part of the SpaceX reinvestment
zone. The land acquisition deed records
for these purchases were filed with the
county clerk on May 28th indicating
preparations for development prior to
June 3rd's official public hearing. So
the June 3rd will be the public hearing,
but you see that they already filed for
it. So they're moving fast. They found
the location. I think about two weeks
ago, Elon said, "This is one of the
locations we're considering." So it
could very well be the public comes back
and says, "We don't want you in my
backyard." No. And then they'll retract,
but they're moving forward. Here it is.
Here's the deeds. This is the Wit Tech
LLC that did all the surveying and and
so forth. So it's happening.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. I also think again normally if you
look at a project like this look at
Arizona TSMC normally that's 5 to 10
years to get somewhere
if it if it's Elon I think you can
divide it by three or something I I
would not say it's I would not think
it's impossible that within less than
five years they they're actually
turnurning out chips which would be
insane speed. Yeah, it won't be five
years. Obviously, this is still a long
time, but it's like everything, right? A
you have to recognize the problem exists
ahead of time and then you start
building towards it. Yeah.
&gt;&gt; And then you have it with the bottleneck
and all your competitors don't have it.
So that's
&gt;&gt; Yeah. I mean, they build gigafactories
in less than a year in China. And so of
course this is a little more complex
because here you're dealing with major
technology but you know let's make it
two years and then another year to get
it going. I think within three to four
years we could actually see something
the first chip out which would be insane
but I think it's possible.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. The question I asked Elon when I
had the chance at the shareholder
meeting last week last year was I said
you know is it luck or there how did you
have the foresight to know that you
should build the AI chips AI1 AI2 in the
cars in 20124 you know when the car when
they started building a car electric
vehicle they decided they're going to
build superchargers that makes sense but
then for them to decide I'm going to
build my own in internship in the car
and then of course now that was years
ago, but now they're so well set up
because that same chip that they're
building for the cars is going to be
what's needed for the human or robots,
all the bots, anything, any device, and
is what's going to need for AI data
centers.
&gt;&gt; I think it's it's really first principle
thinking that you have to think about I
think Elon's strength is really to
envision the future from a first
principal perspective and really think
through quantitatively what are the real
drivers in that new future. And I think
he did that and realized intelligence is
a major thing. And if intelligence is a
major thing, what creates the
intelligence? The chips. And then when
you when you then look at the companies,
I think was very clear they're not fast
enough. They eat too much margin and I
can't tell them how to build the chips.
So I need to get going with that.
Similar with Starship from a very first
principal perspective, he understood
well uh we need cheaper orbital lift
capability. that is the key to space and
that was true for him as a first
principle despite not having a business
model and that's like the genius about
it that he says who cares about the
business model if I do that there will
be a business model
&gt;&gt; now
he got extremely lucky with AI that just
randomly out of completely nowhere the
first infinity business model falls from
the sky I mean that was like insane
&gt;&gt; okay so I I think he was lucky because
we can debate that let's talk about But
at the same time he will tell you and
you we all know this he was the one that
co co co co co co co co co co co co co
co co co co co co co co-founded open AI
he knew already with Google deep mind
their progress that AI is going to come
he built open AI now did he predict that
in you know two years 5 years 10 years
how long will it take for this you know
re
&gt;&gt; I think it was a very time thing he knew
it's coming he knew but no one including
Iran expected that we would be where we
are now
&gt;&gt; true
not effect like it's it's really magical
randomness that right when the world is
exploding with AI and right in the year
2027 when we in 28 when we hit major
roadblocks on build out with energy that
that is the year where starship works I
mean
&gt;&gt; you can ask Elon and he's going to say
no no one could have known that that's
the most random thing
&gt;&gt; I mean it's it's really insane after
what how many four billion years of
evolution that it's down to one year
they're randomly starship and AI
&gt;&gt; everything comes I mean this is just
insane
&gt;&gt; yeah yeah let's if you play it out let's
say that uh chat GPT goes viral right
has a chat GPT moment goes viral we are
you all starting to use agentic AI now
they're all building all its data
centers on earth as it case but
starship's not ready let's say it's not
ready for three years from now
&gt;&gt; Elon great so now it's competing and
then now Elon would still have an
advantage because he has mega packs and
He knows how to build terrestrial data
centers faster than everybody. He's got
relationships with all the countries.
He'll find a way. He's got solar panel
experience. He would have been able to
build more terrestrial data centers. But
the the need is so big and now he
happens to have Starship work at the
same year.
&gt;&gt; I mean the timing is just completely
insane because we know that not even
Elon could ex I mean we know they were
working for 24 years on this thing,
right? So it's I mean you can't
accelerate it. It was literally 24 years
and the year where literally the big
thing works
&gt;&gt; that is necessary to make these things
possible. You could not do it on Falcon.
You need Starship. It's just insane. And
that's exactly the year next year where
we really hit the problem. We have 7% of
US energy use now. Next year it will be
15% and that's exactly where it stops.
You cannot do that. Then you have all
these issues. Price goes through the
roof. Demand for this thing goes just
absolutely explosive. desperation and
then Starship works. I mean, you can't
make this stuff up and it's like when
you think about it, no one could have
seen that coming, including Elon.
&gt;&gt; I know. I I agree. A lot of luck
happened, too. Now, you know, the thing
is is basically first principle
thinking, right? what are the
ingredients that I need? to speed uh
just get there as fast as possible like
with with I just imagine what's happened
now where Elon is today and all his
companies and what they're able to
accomplish now but imagine what will
happen in the next several years when
almost anything is possible at this
point right so an example is human are
robots yes Boston dynamic was there yes
Honda Asimov had there but those were
just demos because they no one didn't
have the technology to make the
actuators enough they didn't have the
compute. They didn't have the AI
intelligence. They didn't have the
batteries to be able to really have a
useful human or robot. All of that
happens to come together now. Now, what
happens when next year, two years, three
years from now, almost anything's
possible because you've got the AI to
support you. Anything's now no longer a
roadblock. It's about
&gt;&gt; and I'm thinking like I'm always torn
because I'm always very cautious, right?
When I analyze Elon's brain, I
understand where he's proven to be an
absolute killer. He's with EVs with
Starship
&gt;&gt; and EVs and Starship and AI factories.
That makes complete sense. That's
exactly his superpower. With FSD and
with Optimus and with XAI, I was more
scared because this is a different set
of problems. It's a vast amorphous
problem, right? Where I was a little
scared. And uh with FSC, I still don't
understand how they did it, but it seems
like they did it with Optimus, you know?
So it's a different set of problems,
right? Elon, if you give Elon one
singular kind of very hard problem,
here's a rocket, then he can solve it.
The other stuff with Optimus,
this is not a singular problem. It's
like a vast array of all kinds of weird
problems like the hand, the AI models,
the embodied AI, neural nets, and all
kinds of stuff. And so I'm still
observing because I think Elon on that
front is more unproven.
Um, but then I
&gt;&gt; Okay, I'll push back on you there, dude.
I mean, there's no, first of all, you
and I will agree. There's no human being
that's better at any of these things you
just said. These are hard problems. But,
okay, let's push back on the FSE, for
example. He was the first to basically
say it needs to be vision only. Okay,
first principles, eyes only and liar is
a crutch. No one believed him. He did
that. Okay. Then two now he initially
started with coding and then they hit
rate limit rate limit that's why he kept
promising it never happened and then
happened that neural nets came into play
he made that bet early as well go all in
supercomputers that he built
&gt;&gt; if he didn't and and by the way he
couldn't do any of this if he hadn't
already known in 2012 that I need every
car collecting data every car he built
ever has cameras on
that was capturing with the computer in
the car capturing data and sending that
up. Why would you do that if you didn't
know that I need those billions of FSE
miles to train my computer to do automo?
No other car company did this, dude.
&gt;&gt; He did these things.
&gt;&gt; He you know what I mean? Like what
you're saying is that he can't predict.
He kept predicting next year, next year,
but he can't do that because it's it's
amorphous. You don't know what the
neural net's capability is.
&gt;&gt; So, of course, Elon is very smart and he
&gt;&gt; the ingredients he put in place you
know, he knew how to put things.
&gt;&gt; I would argue the a rocket or an AI
factory despite being extremely hard,
they are more clearly delineated
problems. You know what needs to be
done. Whereas with FST, you just don't
know like you don't know where it ends,
right? You you know, okay, we need the
data, we need vision, not lighter, you
can make these decisions, he's good at
that, but he doesn't know where the end
is because you don't know exactly what
it is.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. You don't.
&gt;&gt; And so that's the risky thing. And with
Optimus, same thing. You're doing
something that literally has never been
done before.
&gt;&gt; That's where the rockets are wrong.
&gt;&gt; The rocket is like sure this thing has
never been done before, but each piece
has been done before. It's kind of
clear. You just have to assemble it.
Same with the AI data center. So, I
think there I have complete confidence.
Same with AI satellite. Complete
confidence. With these things where you
have open-ended problems because no one
even knows how to do it. That's just
more scary. And I'm not saying that Elon
isn't the best at it. It's just less
clear how long it takes, right? for
Optimus for example. I think the
pressure is so high they will figure it
out. And what gave me actually a huge
boost of confidence by the way in Elon's
ability to do these kinds of things too
was the cursor deal because that was
genius. It was new and was something
Elon did not know a year ago, I'm pretty
sure. Right. So he is able to okay let's
pu push everyone to Grock do this. He
fell behind. He wondered like why he had
bad product people. He's always bad at
product. And so then but then he
connected the dots and says well cursor
is the harness. Enthropic now proved
that the harness is at least as
important as the model. I have a great
model. I have zero harness. But these
people have no model and have the best
harness. Boom. So that was very genius.
I think for me this is like very genius
because it's on a different dimension
than the rocket business. The rocket
business is also genius but it's it's
its own dimension but this kind of
understanding this is an amorphous thing
right AGI. So to understand that and to
act so precisely I think the cursor deal
is a huge confidence booster for me that
Elon still is a little genius.
&gt;&gt; Yeah
&gt;&gt; because most people still didn't
understand like this is a genius move.
You will see they will get very close to
anthropic and open eye very quickly.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, they f
&gt;&gt; and they didn't before they were falling
behind constantly with Grog.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; Now it reverses. I tell you they will
&gt;&gt; they will get very close.
&gt;&gt; Okay. Yeah. I this is a little bit it's
not exactly what you're talking about
but um I just want to remind people it's
hilarious where people will go all Elon
knows how to do is build cars and
rockets and they're like uh dude I was a
software guy. I pri prior to all this
everybody said all you are is a software
guy who can't build cars and rockets
because he created PayPal money you know
he was actually the first guy that coded
um you know
&gt;&gt; he was making the joke he has no clue
what X he said well first I was the
internet guy who has no clue what
rockets now I'm the rocket guy who has
no clue about the internet
&gt;&gt; yeah I was like what
like uh dude he's done it all and it's
like yeah he's nobody he doesn't know
anything about AI and he's the guy that
started open AI Hi. Exactly.
&gt;&gt; He like somebody he responded to some
person who said uh yeah Elon doesn't
know you know is is is so late in the
game with the AI. It's like I knew it
was coming that's why I started open.
&gt;&gt; He funded OpenAI so it's not that late.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Yeah.
&gt;&gt; Awesome. Thank you so much.
&gt;&gt; I think like it's also like Elon is just
uh I think the true genius of Elon is
also that he he can spot talent and get
the talent. That's what he did with
cursor because the cursor guys are very
smart cookies and they have the problem.
They have no compute, no LLM. So, it's a
perfect match.
&gt;&gt; So, yeah,
&gt;&gt; thank you. Uh, follow Joe on his
website, pioneerlands.org.
Thanks everybody.
&gt;&gt; Thank you.
&gt;&gt; I've created a website that is the most
comprehensive resource for the Tesla
investor. Please check it out. Simply go
to my website at herbertalm.com.