Channel:     brighterwithherbert
Title:       Tesla Stock Might Not Be What It Looks Like
URL:         https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BMJLx-hP4YI
Published:   2026-04-13 13:30 UTC
Fetched:     2026-04-13 14:00 UTC

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Okay, so let's have an honest
conversation today. Tesla's stock is
hovering around the mid300s. It's down
over 20% since the start of the year.
Deliveries missed and the bears are
louder than they've ever been in a long
time. So the question I want to answer
today is a simple one. Is Tesla
undervalued, overvalued, or priced about
right? And I think the answer depends
entirely on which version of Tesla
you're looking at. If you look at the
car business, the stock's probably
overvalued. Earnings dropped 47% last
year. deliveries are flat. But if you
look at everything else that's being
built underneath, robo taxi in Austin,
FSE going global, CyberCap production
starting this month, Optimus Energy
doing 12.7 billion with 30% margins,
Terra Fab, the SpaceX connection, then
the stock starts to look very different.
And here's what's worth paying attention
to. Tesla has a history of doing this,
moving sideways for years, putting
people to sleep because it looks like
nothing's happening, and then suddenly
waking up and leaving everyone behind.
But yes, we can't ignore the elephant in
the room. Timelines keep getting missed.
Today, we're going to go through the
full picture. The bull case, the bear
case, where the stock actually sits
relative to what's being built, and
whether right now is the kind of moment
that looks obvious in hindsight. We got
Larry Goldberg here with us today. He's
a serial entrepreneur, has been an
active venture capitalist investor for
the last decade. Check out his website,
lumicenti.com.
Welcome, Larry.
&gt;&gt; Great to be here.
going to talk stock undervalued
overvalued just right um I wanted to
start with this one which is an Alex
Voit kind of his pitch he's a bull Tesla
bull so his perspective is different
it's a bullish perspective he said Tesla
is heavily undervalued the market is
discounting Tesla's future growth in
various business segments which will
generate far more revenue and profit
than car sales to almost zero and that's
ridiculous for pure autoplay Tesla's
valuation is high but Tesla's everything
but a pure auto company that's
transparent to everyone. You could say
Tesla's valued as an auto and battery
company, but that is it and that's a
mistake. It's proven that Tesla's robot
taxis and FS works. It's not disputed
that it's a trillion dollar market.
Therefore, this segment will be valued
into the Tesla stock. I don't even talk
about Optimus Macro or Terafab. And to
everyone who now says but the PE ratio,
no one with even the slightest
understanding of corporate valuation
uses the PE ratio for growth stocks. It
simply doesn't make sense to use that
metric. uh he's replying to this which
is if you look at Tesla's stock compared
to 2021 to now 2025 and the stock's
pretty flat uh this is roughly 5 years
ago but look at the difference the scale
of which it expands the impact it has on
societal investment and the financial
metrics it produces are substantially
leveled up no reason it's not a $3
trillion market cap this bull says so if
you compare Q1 2021 to Q4 2025 from 10
billion to 25 billion gap income from
438 million to840 doubled and you can
look at the rest here. Um auto revenue
negative9 billion to 18 billion. Um
energy revenue close to 4 billion.
Vehicles produced and all that. So you
know compared to where it was back then
the stock could have been overvalued. Is
the stock undervalued today? Um what's
your thoughts on all this Larry? You
know, I'm I'm just in the midst of doing
a an analysis of um earnings to sales or
sorry, stock price to sales
mainly because of the SpaceX the this
proposed SpaceX u
you know market price um and everybody
being absolutely
you know
going crazy about how can they be
selling for 200 times revenue or
whatever it is. And so I've been doing
the study of Nvidia's share price
against sales and earnings. And you
know, if you had bought Nvidia in 2022
um based on its sales to to stock price
margin, people would have called you
crazy.
&gt;&gt; Mhm. And I would propose today that you
know the stock price is way undervalued
way undervalued or where it's going to
be in three or four years time but
that's because you know people say oh
it's gone up so much stock price has got
nothing to do with anything but future
expectations
in these growth stocks in these frontier
stocks. It is
everything is based upon expectations of
this breakout. And Tesla's got like
three or four breakout opportunities.
And I call them opportunities because
each one of them could be the power that
takes the stock to the moon. Each one of
them. And you've got all of those
opportunities. So let's, you know, all
you have to do is examine each one of
the opportunities. And the first is robo
taxi you know the second is the humanoid
bot. So there are two enormous
opportunities but the third is AI
the you know their their role in XAI
their opportunity with X AI and AI in
terms of vision AI in general and so we
haven't even touched upon the
opportunity that
the FSD in robo taxis and in the cars
and vision AI in the bot
gives us in terms of other products and
other services that could be, you know,
part of the Tesla world. And then, of
course, there's energy. And we haven't
begun to see energy really unfill its
sale yet. All we're doing right now is
building, you know, pretty conventional
uh battery systems and pretty
conventional um, you know, solar
systems. But energy is going to become
you know the the you know the currency
of the future and the energy
opportunities are gigantic particularly
when you look at the the partnership
with with SpaceX AI SpaceX.
So
what you're buying in Tesla is future
opportunity.
What's depressing the stock is obviously
the timelines.
It's really really hard to buy something
three years that's going to be evident
in three years. Really really hard. And
so people's, you know, they wax in the
way and they wax in the way and they wax
in the way. And I've seen, you know, so
many uh bulls become bears when their
prediction of the stock on this
particular day in this particular year
doesn't bear out and they lose money and
then they, you know, lose heart. So,
we'll see. Uh I, you know, I'm a
believer. I think we have so many shots
on goal. Um so many opportunities and
I'm looking forward to the day when we
actually unite with SpaceX and become
one company. I think then, you know, I
think that yeah,
&gt;&gt; we're we're going to the moon.
&gt;&gt; Let's let literally let's address two of
the uh biggest elephants in the room,
right? The first one is it's already
built in. So with the stock mid300s,
it's already built in. So you can see
what Alex said there. Oh, there's so
much more than just a car company. Yeah.
Well, that's if it was a car company
bears will say it's worth 50 bucks give
you a hundred bucks. But the 300 mid
350s that's because that 250 already be
built in future potential for robo taxi
future potential for robots which
earnings won't come for years to come
still. What's your take on that one? And
the second one is timelines are being
missed. That's the big issue. So let's
stick with the first one first. What's
your answer to that?
&gt;&gt; Well, the last time we went this round
of, you know, it's all built in and the
price is ridiculous, blah blah blah. Um,
Arc did an analysis and said, "Well,
it's going to be $2,000."
And everybody said, "You're crazy.
You're crazy. You know, it's it's not
even $400. Not even worth $200. How's it
going to be $2,000?" Well, it became
worth $2,000 because everything that our
projected was going became true. right
now. Right now, I can easily find
$1,000, $2,000 in the stock price on
multiple different futures.
&gt;&gt; Yes.
&gt;&gt; Not just one product, but multiple
products. And on each one of those
products, I could predict that, th000
$2,000. So,
&gt;&gt; I haven't done a sum of the parts
because it's just ridiculous. I mean,
&gt;&gt; yeah, Cern did it and his analysis is
that if you look at it, so so Arch
Invest, they say $2,900 stock price in
2029, 2030, that's then, but actually
what is the present value of the stock
now? According to CERN, he did he did
some of the parts, then he discounted it
to today. Even if you put like a 50%
chance things are happening or not
happening, not winning all markets,
being very conservative,
&gt;&gt; right? the market for Robbo taxi so big
and the market for Optimus so big that
the stock current uh price present value
should be he's at 3,000 even more. So
that's yeah so that's where you're
saying that yes 350 it already has built
in some but certainly not a lot of
possibilities still to come. Okay,
&gt;&gt; multiple shots on goal each one of which
is worth huge huge amounts of money in
the future. Um, and so particularly in a
future where, you know, we'll have this
gigantic abundance. So I I'm I'm very
relaxed. I was relaxed at $450. I'm very
relaxed at $300.
Um, from my perspective, I didn't buy
the stock for tomorrow. I know a lot of
people who are much younger than I am,
many, many years younger than I am. So
much more impatient than I am. Guys, you
got a long life ahead of you.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; You don't want to spend it all today.
And by the way,
if the stock price was three times what
it is today, what what difference would
it make to your life today?
Think about it. You'd want to hold that
stock until the future unfolded. So
whether the stocks at 300 or 3,000 as of
today,
&gt;&gt; it shouldn't Well, maybe 3,000 would
make a difference. Maybe you'd want to
take some off the table, but 300 to 500.
What is the, you know, really, it's just
a figure on a piece of paper.
&gt;&gt; From my perspective, I don't need that
money. I don't live off that money. But
that's true of many Tesla investors
because they they invested money that
they could afford to. hopefully they
invest in money they could afford to
invest. And this is not investment
advice. This is just my philosophy.
&gt;&gt; And to clarify, there are many different
kind of investors. I've covered this so
often. There's there's the kind that are
long-term investors and then there's the
kind that is trying to get um you know
options play trying to get something
done within 6 months. And there's the
people that are waiting for three years.
Everybody has different time frames and
so they have different perspectives of
what is going on with the stock today.
Um, anybody who thinks that they can
predict the stock price of Tesla, let
alone any other stock, but Tesla in
particular, with any degree of accuracy
in under two or three years is, in my
humble opinion, crazy. I mean, it has
been proven again and again and again.
This is a highly volatile stock because
there is such a lot of difference of
opinion about what the futures are going
to bring of these different products.
All right, that's the second elephant in
the room is the timelines are being
missed. Um, you've got Elon saying,
let's go through it. Robo taxi is going
to be, you know, 1 million robo taxis
next year. He said that in 2020, right?
So, he's been wrong there. uh just last
year he said 50% of all the US will have
robo taxi didn't happen then he said
that uh by the end of this year we would
have how many cities that's now been
pushed to mid we still don't have FSD
14.3 is supposed to be this thing some
people are interpreting that to mean
that it didn't arrive the 10x parameter
didn't come uh u optimist was supposed
to come out you know five 5 to 10,000 by
the end of this last year 2025 Now
that's pushed to next year. In fact, he
said that, you know, we'll start
production next year. Lots of timelines
he says are missed. Um although people
don't remember this and Dr. Jack said
this, dear Tesla community, say this
like a mantra three times. Elon sets
timelines to motivate his team to
accomplish the impossible as soon as
possible. It's not to be taken
literally. So there is an issue here
where many of us listen to what Elon
says and then we say this is what this
is what we're now expecting but Jack is
Dr. Jack saying just remember he's doing
that to motivate the team and the team's
trying to hit that target but we're
talking about things that are impossible
things that have never been done before
things delay so now we're delayed but
missing timelines so often is something
that's now especially with the stock
fallen a lot of people are very angry
what's your argument to that elephant in
that room in the room
&gt;&gt; well anybody who thinks that Elon sets a
date that's going to be hit
I I mean,
we've been we've been here so often, you
know. I remember in 2014,
2015, 2016, the the S was late, the X
was late, the three was late, the the Y
was late, the the Cybert truck was late.
I mean,
what kind of fool
gets taught the same lesson five times
and never learns it? And now we're on
the 10th time or the 15th time and still
doesn't learn it. And and you know,
that's why I get so frustrated with
these people who say that on this date
the price is going to be that or I think
it's going to hit hit 450 by the end of
the year. I mean guys, you know, the
impossible takes a little bit longer and
and Elon is not someone who recognizes
the impossible. He doesn't recognize the
physical reality of some of these
targets. What he does is think about
what is possible
and he targets what is possible. That's
all that he does. And then whether his
team makes it or not, we don't know. I
mean, I I
Whenever Elon sets a date and everybody
says, "Ah, it's going to happen on this
date," I just think to myself, how how
softminded must you be to take that date
and and and and live by it?
&gt;&gt; This the the one point I want to make is
that both Tesla bears and Tesla bulls
can actually be right. It's all about
time frames. So the bears say stock is
overpriced. Yeah, it could it can be
overpriced because if you're not
expecting rootech if everything's late
then yeah maybe in this year the stock
will fall more because there's no actual
deliveries but the bulls again depends
on your time frame. I look at it as I'm
making a bet based on inventions that
are being made product and business. Has
anything happened in the last 3 months
that has shown you that none any of
these um products and businesses that
I'm focused on are any of them now not
going to happen anymore or maybe they're
delayed but have any of them been
hampered enough hampered enough that
they're no longer going to happen
anymore or competitors will take over
and be ahead and right now my answer is
still no robo taxi solved as far as I'm
concerned it will take more time to
completely get to unsupervised they are
going to roll out to all these cities
You can see the hiring. As far as I'm
concerned, it's not an issue there. It's
timing. It could be 6 months delayed. It
could be a year delayed. But is it ever
is it shelved? No. Robots. They're
building a 1 million per year line. They
just announced that that's actually
happening in Fremont. So, we can
actually watch it happening now in an
actual factory. And then you've got the
10 million per year line in Giga, Texas.
That's being built. You're watching
supercomputers being built. you're
watching everything that we're following
is improving and moving forward. Some of
them are delayed, but nothing has been
cut. Um, has have you seen anything that
you think this the narrative the story
for Tesla, any of these big giant
projects are now at at risk?
&gt;&gt; No, I don't think there's anything
that's at risk. You know, when I take
myself back three or four years when we
did this projection of how much capital
they're going to need when Gary Black
was trying to get us to sell to buy back
shares and I projected the uh the rate
of capital uh consumption or the capital
need. Um I was about a year a year and a
half ahead of where we are but but we're
going to get to this $40 billion a year
you know capital capital spend and you
know it's going to be lost somewhat
because in a way XAI has taken some of
the slack SpaceX is taking some of the
slack and then hopefully you know we'll
see a merger of the two so that we have
a company with the kind of capital
resource forces. If you take Tesla's 40
billion and XAI's supposedly or or
SpaceX's supposedly say 75 billion,
you've got a a company with over $110
billion. And what's important about that
is not so much that they'll have $110
billion is that they'll have $110
billion with with Elon's incredibly
miraculous,
you know, very low capital spend for
return for for what he invents. I mean
you you look at what XAI is spending
sorry what uh Open AAI is spending you
look at what Claude is spending it's
like an order of magnitude higher than
what XAI is spending I mean literally an
order of magnitude higher and yet you
know XAI went from being a startup to up
in the frontier you know within you know
a matter of less than a year. So
amazingly fast execution, amazingly
capital
um cons you know capital very economic
in the use of capital very very um
efficient use of capital and so we're
going at the speed that at the speed of
light we're going at the speed that
nothing could have done nobody could
have done it faster and so as long as
they keep that up I'm fine and when He
sets a goal. I take the I take the goal,
but I don't accept the date. I accept
that the date is going to go out.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; What do you say to the people, Larry,
that say, "Oh, man, you guys are just,
you know, silly people who believe
everything Elon says and he's just
throwing you another thing, another
story." So, oh, robo taxi is delayed,
but you now he's going to talk about
Terap. That gets you guys all excited
about Terafab, but that's not going to
happen. And that's just all lies. So
he's got all these ideas and he'll sell
you on moon bases. He'll sell you on AI
data centers to get used to still
believe in the in the vision when really
nothing's happened. In fact, if
anything, the auto business, which he
had said was going to be 20 million
sales per year is not even near that.
That was another thing we all believed
in didn't happen. So in fact, it's
worse.
&gt;&gt; I think it's going to hap I think it's
going to happen, but in a different way.
I think he made what he did is he made
the discovery that the auto business was
going to be a dying business when cars
become completely self uh driving and
and robo taxis become the the accepted
method of transport and think that was a
very important discovery. Anyway, the
the point is Elon evolves. He starts
with a plan. The plan evolves. He
evolves with a plan. And so I kind of I
I buy that. I I I lived that life
myself. I mean, stuff that I believed
very very strongly, you know, in 2021
became dramatically changed in 2022
when we had the open AI the the open AI
moment. you know them. So
I I think you have to you have to accept
that people evolve and you have to
accept that these timelines are designed
um based upon first principles and that
you know people just screw up. People
are just not able to execute at the
optimum speed all the time. They
sometimes do. I remind you of the
battery factory. That was like
the silliest thing that anybody could
have done. I mean, it was criticized as
the worst idea in the world to take a
battery factory to make batteries just
for cars and to do it on the scale that
he suggested. There's no way that
anybody would manufacture half a million
cars in one year and certainly not
within four years of the battery the
five years of the battery factory going
up. and it was impossible. Well, he
missed that call by six cars or 6,000
cars on half a million cars that he
projected five years ahead. And the
battery factory was the principal reason
that it took them longer than even he
predicted. I mean, if they had managed
to get that up to, you know, if they had
managed to optimize that a little bit
earlier, then he would have even beaten
that. And there we are. He made an
impossible happen in time. Think about
the reusable rockets. All of these
things seemed impossible at the time.
Some of them came really late, but they
become the standard and everybody
follows that standard. So, he's going to
miss he's going to miss on timing and
he's going to miss on product.
&gt;&gt; You know, I remind you, you know, that
the the the roof, the solar roof was a
failure.
&gt;&gt; Roof is a failure. 4680 was a massive
failure. Now they
&gt;&gt; well 4680 was late. It wasn't a failure.
It was well revived it. Yeah.
&gt;&gt; And then dojo same thing late and
revived maybe or renamed but uh
&gt;&gt; well he never he never
&gt;&gt; semi was massively.
&gt;&gt; Mhm.
&gt;&gt; He never projected dojo would be the the
answer. He always said it's his
insurance.
&gt;&gt; He did. He did. Yeah. He always
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. So there are many failures and and
those failures often themselves lead to
new discoveries which lead to success.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; He he's unafraid of failure and that's
by the way a good thing not a bad thing.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. That's right. Okay. So I mean um I
mean that's I just come back to my point
that both bears and bulls can be right.
Depends on your time frame.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Bears are right that maybe the
stock will fall even more than it is now
for the next 6 months a year because it
it will take this long. Uh but the but
like you like me like you I agree that
you know our car is going to become
autonomous like drive themselves. Three
four years ago 90 plus% of people I
asked and I asked we were having
conversations with people on the on the
plane with me my brother they would all
say it will never happen in my lifetime.
That literally it will never happen in
my lifetime. Like I cannot see cars
driving themselves driving us
everywhere. And yeah, it's delayed by
five years,
but here we are.
Here we are. And
&gt;&gt; you know what's really, you know what's
really bad? What's really a failure
is the inability to to get the Tesla
community to use FSD.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Well, I think that's going to
change now, though.
&gt;&gt; Well, that may do, but it's been a
failure to date. Think about it. I use
FSD for 90 according to my statistics
98%. My wife uses 94% 95%. But I look
around, you know, we have Teslas
everywhere. We're in the middle of Tesla
land here in the Research Triangle Park.
I look at all my colleague Tesla drivers
as I'm driving past them or stopping at
a light. They're all gripping the
steering wheel and driving. I mean, it
it just amazes me. And many of them
actually own FSD. It's just amazing.
&gt;&gt; Yep. But I think it's going to change.
Like I I was starting to tell this story
now the last 3 4 days. Uh my sister
contacted me and said, "I'm going to buy
a Tesla now." And what was shocking
about it is that my two brothers and I
have Teslas and she was always and you
know not very uh not somebody who wanted
to buy a Tesla. In fact, last year she
bought a Mercedes uh hybrid. And that's
fair cuz she loves Mercedes and BMW. And
I thought she would never buy a Tesla,
but now she did because she saw her me
driving her in a car and the drive car
driving everywhere in Vancouver, Canada
flawlessly for hours on it and and she
just realized the technology is too
uncelling. So these this is a person who
I just thought would, you know, really a
lagard in technology, would never switch
over and yet it happened. We're there.
We are there now because the technology
had to get to the point where it's no
longer testing
and uh truly beta and now truly useful.
And we're there. We're really there. And
uh 14.3 will hopefully take us to that
next level. We'll see. We'll find out.
But we're I think we're very close.
Okay. Again, time frame may be wrong. I
may be completely wrong with time frame,
but the technology is still happening
and we're done. It's going to happen.
Thank you so much, Larry. Always fun to
talk stock. Once in a while we got to
come back to it. But uh I always try to
bring it back to the conversation is
product and business and that's our
focus because that's the only thing that
we can really really focus on and track
really well. Thanks Eric. Check him out
lumisenti.com.
Thanks. Bye-bye. I've created a website
that is the most comprehensive resource
for the Tesla investor. Please check it
out. Simply go to my website at
herbalm.com.