Channel:     electrified
Title:       Why Tesla Just Stopped the FSD Rollout & Elon's TSLA Sacrifice ⚡️
URL:         https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Z1NzS44bqEY
Published:   2026-04-28 00:00 UTC
Fetched:     2026-04-28 01:00 UTC

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Two quick things. At the end of this
video, I'm finally going to share what's
been going on with me behind the scenes,
and hopefully all of you will stick
around to hear that. And second, I'm
very glad I uploaded that video on
Thursday. It sounds like there's a lot
more people that are thinking just like
I am. And ultimately, I just found
myself scrolling listening to how people
are talking about earnings and really
just Tesla's progress in general. And
for me, too often I felt like I was
rolling my eyes just watching people try
to spin everything in a positive light
or create new metrics to try to make
things look better than they might be.
And I just feel like not enough people
that are covering the Tesla story are
willing to say the negative things when
they need to be said. And if you're new,
just to be clear, I am allin Tesla stock
in the public markets. I am a big fan of
Tesla. I followed the company since
2012. But for me, it has always been
truth over everything. So, I want to be
as objective as possible, and that
requires calling out the company and
calling out Elon from time to time. And
per the usual from that video last week,
I lost hundreds of subscribers. And
listen, that's not me complaining at
all. That's just part of being in this
game. The only reason at all I'm sharing
that is so you guys know that there are
people in this community that are
incapable of hearing negative things
about Tesla without being triggered. If
in your heart of hearts you know that is
you, I'm just telling you that is not a
healthy place to be. No company on Earth
is perfect, Tesla included. So, if the
people you're listening to, if you can
go back through their content for months
and months and not find anything
negative or even critical of Tesla, then
I would encourage you to consider if
what you're getting is actually signal
or is it really more borderline
propaganda. Today, Joe Teter said there
are at least 15 more glossy and deep
gold cyber cabs at Giga Texas, and these
all appear to be equipped with steering
wheels and pedals. So, that's an
important distinction. Initially, the
thought was these glossy cyber cabs
would be true production variants,
meaning no wheel and no pedals ever, but
clearly that is not the case, and many
of these could still be considered test
vehicles given they have those wheel and
pedals kits. And the current expectation
is these will all be test vehicles.
They'll be shipped off all across the
country to continue testing. So, to
everyone asking where are these Cyber
Cabs going to go, of course, across the
country for that testing. If you take 50
states, even if you just had 20 cyber
cabs testing per state, that's a
thousand right there. And sure, some
states may have none, other states may
have more. But as expected, April and
most likely a lot of May will just be
these test vehicles being sent across
the country for testing. Which means,
yes, Tesla might produce hundreds of
these cyber cabs before deploying even
one to the robo taxi network. But it's
true. The cyber cab could begin
replacing these Model Y's on the robo
taxi network any time. Currently, we're
still stuck at two unsupervised vehicles
in Dallas and Houston. All of these are
Model Y's. And now we're up to 15
unsupervised in Austin according to the
third party tracker. But one more time,
I have to say this because prominent
accounts are still sharing these metrics
without clarifying. This number all
tracked 640. Some are using that to
argue that's how many active vehicles we
have. but those include inactive
vehicles. So, you guys know I don't love
this tool, but I will continue to
reference it because it's all we have
and plenty of other people still are.
So, if you're going to do so, at least
understand what the data is and is not.
For example, in Austin, it said for the
last week unsupervised rides, there were
only 23. But guys, the only data that
makes it into this tool is if a user
actually reports it. So, clearly there
have been a lot more rides than that in
the past 7 days. What we're seeing here
is only what's actually been reported.
We're now on day 11 of the robo taxi
service operating in Dallas and Houston
and still on two vehicles only in each
city, although yes, both are
unsupervised. I've been watching the
third party trackers and social media to
see the rollout of 14.3.2. And as Chuck
Cook just said, it seems like it's now
been paused. Chuck's guess for why the
rollout's been stopped was because of
the new intervene question screen and
Tesla moving that to multiplechoice only
rather than voice-based and Tesla
initially left out navigation as an
option. But replying to Luca suggesting
that navigation should be added, Yun
Tasai did say noted and just overall
Chuck did not like the implementation of
that popup box. But I actually think
there might be something else going on.
So, we learned that the new actually
smart summon has finally been paired
with robo taxi features and the FSD
branch 14.3.2,
meaning all of those features are now
using a unified model, which on one hand
has given us vastly improved parking lot
behavior for actually smart summon. And
going forward, I'm just going to refer
to it as summon. But there are still
some limitations. It only goes up to 6 m
an hour, which sometimes even in parking
lots can feel very slow. And the overall
radius is still too limited in my
opinion. But there seems to be something
else going on. As Chuck Cook showed in
his video, he was having serious
connectivity issues.
&gt;&gt; We're in a crash.
&gt;&gt; Oh man, that sucks.
&gt;&gt; Um, okay. We'll just sit here and see
what happens. Oh, see activated. Oh, I
guess maybe these people or what
activated cannot cannot connect a
vehicle. You know, when you when you
talk about robo taxi and you know, oh,
it doesn't need to be connected. This
still has a connection requirement that
me holding that button is their only
it's safe. It's not autonomous yet.
Meaning like it can't go disconnected
from me to you. It needs that
&gt;&gt; and and it's a cellular connection. And
I've got full bars 5G on my phone. And
there's our go to target. So it just
came back and I'm going to press it real
quick as this guy's backing out. And we
got a woman crossing. Is it going to go?
&gt;&gt; It's not going. It's not moving. It's
not going. Release to stop. I can only
guess that it was the uh you know what's
interesting is it's cooling down.
&gt;&gt; Okay,
&gt;&gt; so in
in summon, what just happened?
&gt;&gt; Prepare. Oh,
&gt;&gt; summon not ready. It crashed again.
&gt;&gt; I got another one. Release the stop.
Summon complete. Uh summon not ready.
&gt;&gt; Okay.
&gt;&gt; I wonder if they tightened up the
connectivity requirement.
&gt;&gt; Like I like
now we're in a bad spot. Excuse my
language, everybody. We just um had a
had a problem. This guy uh just we
stopped in a traffic circle. Somebody
started rolling. Waiting for improved
phone location. Release to stop. I don't
know what to say. It it obviously now
look at that. I released and it's still
rolling.
&gt;&gt; Oh,
what's it doing? And it went past the
dot. That's not good.
&gt;&gt; That's not good at all. And it's got its
hazards on again. It's right. Well, it's
but I let go of the button and it just
kept rolling. It was not an emergency
stop.
&gt;&gt; That was the first of its kind. Yeah.
&gt;&gt; And again, important to note, both
Chuck's cell phone and the in-car Tesla
UI both said they had full service with
the maximum number of bars. And I will
come back to what I think might be going
on here. But to everybody that might be
thinking, "Oh, well, not a big deal.
It's just a one-off anecdote." Well,
Texas Tesla just said his mom's first
robo taxi ride in Dallas was also filled
with glitches. He said the screen
refused to work and was plagued with
connectivity issues. Rider support kept
randomly dropping in on our rides and
their connections were just as bad. And
here's a separate short video showing
that the connection to the remote agent
has also been poor at times.
&gt;&gt; I guess do you know why that would
happen?
&gt;&gt; Um, unfortunately I won't have that
information available to me. If we don't
get that kind of information, we're see
monitor and help.
&gt;&gt; But there's more. Just so you know, it's
not just Texas Tesla being negative here
because genuinely I don't think that's
his aim. Spencer, who we know is a Tesla
fan, said over half the times I've
connected to Rider support, the
connectivity has been incredibly poor.
If I was an average customer, I would
not be very happy. And that was recent.
That was from Sunday. At this point, I
should make a critical distinction. So
the mechanisms behind the scenes for
summon are not the same mechanisms as we
see for Tesla's remote operations
communications. But it is true that both
of those mechanisms somewhere along the
line are indeed having connection
problems. But the main point I wanted to
make here Tesla Summon is not directly
phone to the car. It's actually more
like a four-step process. So let's say
I'm using my phone and I use Verizon. So
for Summon, the relay would go from my
phone and my Verizon network to the
internet where it routes through Tesla's
cloud and its servers and then
interfaces with AT&amp;T because as far as
we know that's the cell service that
Tesla is primarily using. And then
finally, the data would go from AT&amp;T to
the car. And sure, maybe a better or
renewed SLA service level agreement
between Tesla and these carriers would
improve performance to some degree, but
I'm not sure that's the main issue. So,
my guess as to what's actually going on
is it's a problem with Tesla's cloud
relay infrastructure because again,
Chuck's cell phone had full bars and the
car had full bars. And what
infrastructure is Tesla using for that
cloud service? years ago, we learned
about a hacking situation with Tesla
where Tesla was trying to harden its
services. But this specific hack at the
time left access credentials for Tesla's
Amazon Web Services account exposed. So,
at least at the time, Tesla was indeed
using AWS for cloud services. And
frankly, this probably doesn't get
talked about enough, but they said the
message from this research is loud and
clear. the unmistakable potential of
cloud environments is seriously
compromised by sophisticated hackers
identifying easy to exploit
vulnerabilities. So, as far as we know,
every summon command from our phones
have to run through that fourpoint relay
with AWS and Tesla's cloud in the
middle. But also in Chuck's video, he
was getting a waiting for improved phone
location error as well. And that's
likely not a connection issue. It's
probably more GPS. So, if you have a lot
of light poles or trees or roofing or
building structures, those can cause
problems. So, I just don't want people
perpetuating the narrative that this was
a cellular connection issue because I
really don't think it was. My guess here
is this has more to do with Tesla's
cloud infrastructure, its own software,
and certain thresholds for things like
GPS positioning. And when Tesla software
decides that it's going to throw up its
hands and give up because of a certain
time threshold for a gap in that data
communication. And I actually think
that's a good thing for Tesla to get it
solved because it's in their hands. They
don't have to do some big renegotiation
with AT&amp;T or rely on somebody else to
fix the problem. And to me that all
makes sense because Summon is now paired
with robo taxi features and the FSD
branch. It's likely now a much bigger
model, making things like latency and
bandwidth a much bigger challenge. So,
overall, I have to say I was super
excited about the new Summon performance
from all of the videos I've watched. By
and large, it's been handling Costco
parking lots incredibly well, very
smooth, to the point where most people
don't even know what's happening. So,
for the summon problem, that could be
fixed with a new point release that
maybe we get here in the next week or
two. On the robo taxi side for
communication with remote operators, I
have less confidence in exactly what's
going on there. Just wanted to highlight
it's something Tesla should be looking
at. And just to touch on something, Josh
West has been in Austin taking robo taxi
rides. He said, "We're now back to
supervisors in the driver's seat with
hands on the wheel." And here's the
photo confirmation. But as far as I can
tell, the word is if your ride requires
going on the highway, then Tesla will
still have supervisors for those rides.
And clearly, they might indeed be in the
driver's seat. I just don't think it's
fully accurate to say Tesla's going
backwards here because they're still
adding new unsupervised vehicles in
Austin. It's just they have not yet
completely eliminated supervised rides
either. But Josh did say he had a poor
robo taxi experience. He hailed a ride
after high service demand after about 15
minutes. A Model Y showed up with no
robo taxi badging and ultimately the
drop off was about a/4 mile away from
where they were actually trying to go.
They asked the supervisor what was going
on. He told them to call support and
then support hopped on and said there
was nothing they could do. And they were
dressed up and they had to walk the rest
of the way in 91° weather. So that's
certainly not great. It shows some of
the problems that Tesla still has from a
convenience standpoint. in getting
pickup and drop off, right? But I think
a portion of people are expecting that
the supervisor should have just driven
the car to the entrance since he was
already in the driver's seat. But very
clearly Tesla's priority right now is
building the software solution so this
doesn't happen in the first place. So
those supervisors really aren't there to
provide any level of customer service.
They are just there in the event of an
emergency. And frankly, I'm not even
trying to argue what's right or wrong in
a situation like this. I'm just saying I
can almost guarantee you Tesla has
instructed these supervisors to not
interact with the clients and to not do
anything unless it is absolutely
required and safety critical. And as
Texas Tesla shared, here's a video
showing it not slowing down for an
active school zone.
&gt;&gt; Okay, so right here, speed limit is 20
mph when flashing. You can watch the
video again, but you see the lights are
lit up on here, the yellow lights, the
white lights. So, it says speed limit 20
when flashing. And now it says from 2:45
to 4:15 p.m. during school days. 20
miles hour for this school zone. But
right here, unfortunately, we're going
35 miles per hour. And then if we check
the time on this beautiful Monday, it's
3:05,
which would fall in between the school
hours. So, we still got some room to
improve with the robo taxi, but overall
the ride was super smooth. I don't think
my grandma or dad would have noticed,
but just something to maybe take note
of.
&gt;&gt; And Dennis shared this image of his
Tesla's navigation, which I have seen
something similar in my own car. I'm
sure many of you have as well. And we're
just in a very weird time right now with
Tesla navigation. I am pretty confounded
as to why this is such a struggle. But
if there's a silver lining here, it's
that most of the early access group, at
least the videos that I've seen, the
navigation problems are better than they
were on the 14.2 branches, but clearly
navigation is still not where it needs
to be. And this one was interesting.
Ashoke shared a user video of 14.3.2 on
the highway. I'll say though, I think
the most impressive part of this clip is
Omar's lack of a reaction as FSD drives
off the road onto the shoulder over the
rumble strips at high speed with
seemingly nothing ahead of him and at
this point really nothing in the cameras
either. I just feel like if it was me in
the driver's seat, I'd be putting my
hands on the steering wheel at the very
least. But as a Shoke said, a maneuver
like this is the advantage of having
eyes all around. And I'll admit, one of
my biggest concerns of being on the
highway is coming up to stopand go
traffic and having the car behind me or
a semi not paying attention and rear
ending me or us at high speed. So down
the line, if Tesla's FSD could recognize
something like that and make a quick
evasive maneuver to get out of the way,
that would be incredible. There were
some SEC filings related to Tesla stock
over the past week or so. Just to
clarify, the S8 wasn't anything new. It
was basically Tesla just registering
those 303 million shares for Elon's 2018
compensation plan. And that after the
court battle has finally been awarded
back to him. So essentially, this filing
just gives Tesla the legal runway to now
be able to give those shares to Elon. So
this was not new dilution. This was not
Elon selling or anything like that. That
was just Tesla legally registering those
shares so they can actually issue them
to Elon whenever Elon decides to
exercise those options. And separately,
just to clarify, there was a form 4 for
Elon where it showed he was disposing of
those 96 million shares. No, that was
not Elon selling any shares. That was
just him giving up access to that
interim or the bridge loan that we had
talked about months ago that Tesla only
came up with if his 2018 compensation
plan was going to be shot down in the
courts. But since that was restored,
Elon doesn't need this bridge loan
anymore because they said there would be
no double dipping. But there were some
things of note in Tesla's 10Q recent
changes that Tesla made to how Elon can
actually exercise that 2018 award. And I
want to share this news with an article
that Alexandra Tesla boomer mama wrote.
Just know I did fact check everything
with the 10 Q. But when it comes to this
topic, she really does an excellent job
of explaining everything and doing so
thoroughly. And you guys know I like
shouting out other creators when I think
it's warranted. But the short of it,
Tesla's special committee came to a new
agreement. This will allow Elon to
exercise that 2018 performance award in
a manner that minimizes potential harm
to Tesla, particularly from big share
sales needed to cover the exercise price
and taxes. Upon exercise, Elon will get
restricted shares rather than freely
tradable stock. These shares will be
subject to a service-based vesting
requirement. Elon must remain in
continuous service as CEO or a specific
executive role through January 19th,
2028. A 5-year holding period on the
shares begins only on the vesting date,
not on the exercise date, which means
Elon would be holding those shares until
January 2033. The company and Elon will
cooperate on a mutually agreeable plan
to manage tax obligations in a way that
reduces market disruption. So over the
past few weeks, Elon did actually make
some concessions here. Initially, he was
going to get freely tradable
unrestricted stock upon exercise. But
now, just know with this new
implementation agreement that was just
put in place, the new exercise window is
between May 21st and August 15th this
year. So upon Elon exercising those
shares in that window, those 304 million
shares will be issued to Elon, but
they're now restricted. The good news is
Elon gets all of those voting rights
immediately, but those shares are still
forfeitable if he were to leave Tesla
before the next date. And the next date
is January 2028 for the vesting date.
So, if Elon stays at Tesla through
January 2028, then at that point, all of
those shares would become
nonforfeitable.
And once again, that 5-year holding
period starts at that vesting date,
which is what takes us to January 2033
when Elon could actually start selling
those shares. And per the usual, that's
an oversimplification, but those are the
main key dates to know and try to
remember. And I do think it's important
to highlight that Elon did make some
meaningful concessions relative to what
he agreed to back in 2018. So he has
chosen to delay his own liquidity for
the benefit of Tesla. We just got some
prominent AI engineers from China saying
that Tesla's approach is the only option
for level 4 autonomous driving. And
these two engineers that have an
autonomous driving startup of their own
said Whimo's approach cannot completely
solve the longtail problem and the
latter's cost Whimo's of opening up
cities is huge. Yinshi said, "First of
all, I believe Tesla is still the global
leader in intelligent driving, and other
companies are still far behind. Tesla's
technology has now reached level three.
Of course, China's road conditions are
more complex, and no company has yet
truly achieved level three. And
currently, China's AI large model
parameter volume lags behind Tesla's,
which is related to computing power
infrastructure. The demand for compute
power on the vehicle side continues to
increase while existing compute power is
generally insufficient. Tens of billions
of parameters are the benchmark for
comprehensive inference capabilities and
current vehicle side models are too
small leaving significant room for
improvement in the next 2 to 3 years.
There may be considerable challenges in
the pricing and supply of memory which
is likely an issue the entire industry
chain will need to address. As we've
been documenting the past few months,
Tesla is well ahead of that curve,
already looking to address that
challenge. As we've been saying, a big
part of Tesla's new R&amp;D fab in Austin is
to iterate on designs and try different
types and amounts of memory. So, even
engineers around the world in China
recognize that Whimo will not be able to
scale profitably and agree that Tesla's
approach is the way forward. We have a
new company, ISO Logistics, that has
started a 3-week pilot of the Tesla Semi
on live freight routes. The vehicle will
be serving multiple customers. All we
have for now, ISO has said it will
release findings from the pilot after
the 3-week evaluation period. Finland
put out some official correspondence on
the supervised FSD approval, and they
said, "We will go through the EU
approval instead of the national fast
lane." So Finland will be waiting for
the overall TCMV meeting and that vote
effectively saying we want to wait and
see what everybody else does. But today
we also learned that supervised FSD has
been approved for testing in Strangness
Sweden. But I just wanted to be clear
this is only for Tesla employees that
have been trained and it's still only a
handful of vehicles. So, this does not
mean that Tesla owners in Sweden will
now be able to use supervised FSD. This
is still only employee testing. We
didn't talk about it last week, but what
Tesla's doing with the Supercharger
network really is nothing short of
incredible. And it's not perfect yet,
but their trip planner intelligently
selects supercharger sites to minimize
total travel time. It's powered by a
model monitoring real-time traffic in a
geoence around superchargers and it
predicts how many vehicles intend to
charge. These predictions of
supercharger occupancy and Q length
optimize your route and help set
accurate expectations for your trip.
This model reduces Q length estimation
error to 20%. That means in the very
rare case of 10 plus vehicles waiting,
we can now predict the expected queue
with an error of just one to two
vehicles. and they shared these heat
maps that the model generates. The blue
is the vehicles and their path that did
not charge. The red is Tesla vehicles
that did charge. And you'll see these
little white squares are the actual site
posts. And as Max from Tesla said,
superchargers are the only fast chargers
with predictive weight times. And we're
now using vehicle trajectory data to
improve these predictions. Not all
customers use trip planner to navigate
to superchargers and amenities nearby
also make forecasts harder. For example,
cars queuing in a drive-thru next to a
supercharger. Hence, we've had instances
where estimations were off, including at
the Tesla diner, where actual weights
were longer than shown. This new model
is much better. It'll keep improving and
is now being deployed at superchargers
globally. So, as somebody who plans to
do as many road trips as possible in the
years to come, little things like this
can make a world of difference. not only
telling you how long you can expect to
wait at a stop, but perhaps routing to a
different Supercharger to avoid that
weight altogether. And with a recent app
update, Tesla's also releasing its
Supercharger Q feature. So, if you do
end up at a location where you have to
wait to charge, no longer do you have to
wait in a physical line with your car.
You can wait in a digital queue through
the app. Android users, it's time to
celebrate. The robo taxi app is now
available for download on the Google
Play Store. And now, other than Tesla
stock, that concludes the electrified
portion of the video. I just wanted to
share personally what's been going on
behind the scenes. So, early 2025, I
started a company with a partner who was
actually a community member of
Electrified. And some of you have seen
we launched this company, Bans Fitness,
which was an athome workout solution.
And for the past year, I had dedicated a
huge portion of my life to that endeavor
behind the scenes of Electrified.
Looking back, I really don't know how I
managed to do both, but here we are
still alive. But so as to not get into
all of the detail, all you need to know
is that my partner and I ended up on
different pages and I have decided to
step away from the company. Now, we're
still in the midst of figuring out
exactly what the logistics of that will
look like, but I'm now in this
transition period where I'm helping them
onboard some new people and continually
lessening my role in the company and
transitioning things over. And the
reason I'm sharing this is twofold.
Number one, I know some of you were
considering buying the product. So, I
just wanted to be upfront and
transparent that I can no longer vouch
for the direction of the company from
here. Now having said that, I have no
ill will toward my partner or anybody at
the company and obviously I very much
believe in the product. But again, I
just wanted to be very upfront that I am
no longer at all involved in the
decision-making of Bans Fitness. And I
also thought it was important for me to
share this so you guys know why I've
been uploading less. Of course, part of
it is because there's not always enough
news for me to dive into, but this was a
very big part of my life for the past
year and frankly was something that I
thought was going to be a huge portion
of my life going forward. And given the
unexpected outcome of that endeavor, my
wife and I have been forced to reset, go
back to first principles, and really
think about our life and where we want
to go from here. So, the good news is
that over time, this should open up more
time for me to dedicate to Electrified.
But the truth is this transition period
that I'm in will most likely linger here
for another few months. And so all of
that to say, I cannot thank you guys
enough for watching the videos here,
liking and commenting, and especially
trying out all of these sponsors. And
the truth is, I don't say it enough. If
you guys weren't so generous in doing
that, I just would not be able to
dedicate so much time to the channel.
And just be on the lookout over the next
2 or 3 months. I am working hard to have
some new channel sponsors that I'll be
very proud of that you guys will
hopefully have the opportunity to try
out as well. And yes, I do have some
interviews scheduled. So, those will be
coming up here shortly. And so,
ultimately, I just wanted you guys to
know that I've had a lot going on for
myself mentally behind the scenes the
past few months. And to those of you
that are still considering buying the
Bans fitness product, if you have
questions, of course, I'd be happy to
answer any of those. But again, that's
the update for now. I am very excited
about what may be next and again thank
you guys for everything over the years.
It means more to me than you will know
and I'm super excited to continue doing
this for years to come. Tesla stock
closed the day at $37867
up 63% while the Nasdaq was up. 01%. And
the volume was right on the average.
Hope you all have a wonderful day and a
huge thank you to all of my Patreon
supporters.