Channel:     brighterwithherbert
Title:       Tesla, Ferrari and Toyota Head to Head
URL:         https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DMajeHxJkKg
Published:   2026-05-26 18:36 UTC
Fetched:     2026-05-26 19:00 UTC

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Several stories today that show how
Tesla compares to everyone else. Ferrari
just officially unveiled their first
ever allectric car called the Ferrari
Luche. Its starting price $640,000
and it was co-designed by Apple's former
head of design, Johnny IV. Many are
panning the car saying they think
Ferrari deliberately made it look ugly.
But beauty is in the eye of the
beholder, so let's leave it for you to
decide. US delivery is targeted for next
year. What's worse is it doesn't even
compare in many metrics to the Tesla
Model 3 performance, a car that's less
than onetenth the price, or the Tesla
Model S Plaid that is 16th the price but
is faster with more range. But not
everything Tesla does has been a
success. Tesla sold only 4,186
Cybert trucks in the first quarter of
this year, down from 7,000 from last
year. On the other hand, Tusa Model 3s
have become so affordable now that for
just $30 more per month, you can lease a
Model 3 rear wheel drive over a Toyota
Corolla hybridle. Same term, same money
down. And this is before we even talk
about the fact that Tesla cars can
self-drive. Right now, three Tesla
owners are driving across Canada, coast
to coast, using full self-driving.
They're in day three, halfway across the
country, having driven 1,800 miles with
100% on FSD. Today we've got Joe Bacti
joining us. He's an economist, investor,
and tech entrepreneur. He has a YouTube
channel covering both Tesla and AGI.
Check out his website and community at
pioneerlands.org.
Welcome, Joe.
&gt;&gt; Good to be back.
&gt;&gt; So, I don't know if you saw this. This
was making headlines yesterday. This is
the new Ferrari, Ferrari Luche. Um, it
is $640,000.
It's their first ever allect electric
car and it was co-designed by Apple's
head of design, Johnny IV. Um, and I'll
go compare the specs, but it's okay. Not
great, especially compared to Tesla
cars. Car uses an accelerometer to
capture real vibrations from electric
motors and rear chassis.
Uh, an algorithm filters out unpleasant
frequencies and amplifies only the more
musical sounds. So, it has to sound
good. Paddle shifter on steering wheel
changes how aggressively torque is
delivered with five different levels.
I'm sure they spent time trying to see
how it drives. It is supposed to start
delivering Q2 2027. So, here's the
photos. Um, I mean, it looks like a
normal car. It doesn't look like a
Ferrari to me. I think the interior
looks fine, but according to the
reports, Johnny IV designed not only the
interior, but also the exterior. And
some people are thinking that he
purposely made it look ugly. Well,
obviously Johnny IV would not do that. I
don't believe that that's the case, but
some people think Ferrari is doing this
because they don't want to sell it. But
I I I don't think so. I think they just
made a misstep. What What are you
thinking about this? I mean I think it
is representative of the downfall of the
OEMs. This is a complete failure
obviously and um you know what is the
failure here? It's a mismatch in design.
I wouldn't say it's bad design. It's
just a total mismatch with the brand. If
that would be Hyundai or if it would be
Apple, it would be fine. It's like a
little toy car. I think it's fun to look
at. Everything about this car is kind of
fun except for the badge and the price,
right? If you sell me that as a Hyundai
for 50, maybe even 60,000 bucks, I would
say this could be cool. If it's a
Chinese car, it's cool. If it's an Apple
car, it could be cool. But by making it
a Ferrari, it's a total mismatch. Look
at that. Look at the interior design.
And then look at that stupid Apple
Johnny Ives thing uh tablet. This is
such a mismatch with Ferrari design. And
then of course the price point is what
makes it completely ridiculous. So just
for comparison, a Model 3 performance is
at 2.9 seconds. A Model 3 Performance,
how much is this thing? 60,000 maybe?
&gt;&gt; 640,000. Yeah, I've got a comparison of
that shortly.
&gt;&gt; The the Model 3. Yeah. So I mean this
thing is a complete failure because why
would you ever buy this? It's a mismatch
with the brand with the quality which is
like super high quality and the looks
which is like a little toy car look
which can be cool but not in this
context. So it just shows that these
OEMs including very famous ones have
lost their touch. I mean Rolls-Royce did
a much better job in in their electric
cars. They look like Rolls-Royce. I feel
like it but Ferrari is like a misstep.
So I think it's a disconnect. It's a It
shows you that we live in the age of
AGI, the age of pioneers, that we live
in an age where the disruption and the
advantage for newcomers is greater than
ever because the old incumbents just are
totally out of touch with the new
technologies. They just can't make it
happen.
&gt;&gt; I think you make a good point. It is um
you can definitely see Apple touches to
it, but why would you take a Ferrari
and make Apple touches to it? I mean, I
guess Apple thinks that they are premium
brand and so they should be able to use
something similar, but you're right.
There's a there's something missing
here.
Just not miss just not right.
Did do you buy this idea that some
people are saying that they purposely
don't want you to buy it? It doesn't
make sense. Of course not. No, that is
always the same theory like GM and stuff
like that. And I think there's
definitely always what's going on is a
tug of war inside these traditional
companies that hate EVs. But that's not
the leadership. That's not, you know,
Johnny Ives. This is just a bunch of
engineers who probably hate EVs, but
they are not in charge of making these
decisions. So I No, I don't think so.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, I don't think so, too. That
doesn't make sense. Of course, you're
not going to go through all this effort
make this car. This price point is
prohibitive. 640,000. I mean, they have
to because that is that is um Ferraris,
right? So, that's not bad. But when you
compare it to other cars, like you were
saying, the Model 3 performance, look at
it's onetenth more. It's the price. But
again, it's not about the price. It's
the brand. It's the feeling. But it's
silly if you can't be faster than a
Model 3. That's the whole point of
having a supercar. A little faster, but
not much.
&gt;&gt; Not much. Uh lower range. Um you know,
it's supposed to be double.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; And of course, we'll talk later about no
self-driving, but I guess that is
&gt;&gt; by Well, I don't I don't want to I don't
want to jinx it, but by Q2 2027, maybe
there's a Tesla Roadster out and then
this thing is like so dead I can't even
put into words.
&gt;&gt; That's true. That is absolutely true. by
comparing. So, here's a Tesla Model S
Plaid versus this Luch. Uh, so the Plaid
is what is it? $95,000.
And again, it's, you know, 640,000, but
it's uh I mean, the the Luch is slower,
&gt;&gt; much slower. This is like
&gt;&gt; less range,
you know.
So, it it just doesn't make sense.
&gt;&gt; Six and a half times more expensive. You
can buy six Model S plates plates for
this one thing. So, yeah, it's very sad
to see, but what are you going to do?
Yeah, that's the photos. I mean, the
model, this Model S Plaid was made years
and years and years ago, and this is the
new car that they're making now.
I mean, maybe they did copy it a little
bit. They tried to.
Yeah. All right. Well, that's uh that's
the problem. Now, let's talk about
Tesla's Model 3. The prices have fallen
compared even so at the low end when
you're looking at that. So now the
high-end Teslas, you know, compares
where well with the supercars here Tesla
Model 3 realwheel drive is $30 more per
month over a Toyota Corolla hybrid. Now
it is $10,000 more, but for leasing it,
you can get this for $10 10 only $30
more a month and a starting price of
$10,000 more.
&gt;&gt; It's crazy. Yeah, I think you know I
predicted this probably 18 months ago
that 2027 will be the year of reckoning
for the OEMs. I think they're just
chugging along. Toyota might be in the
best position of all of them for
survival. But everyone else, you know,
it's a brutal long-term game to compete
against Tesla because Tesla is printing
money. Even though the critics were blah
blah blah, you know, margin is down to
15.9% or something. It's like bros as
you know where the margin of the other
guys is like at negative 15.9%.
So they are getting hammered and
destroyed. I know from the Germans and
the Americans it's looking terrible.
Ford is like not looking too bad but GM
is over. Volkswag has giant problems.
And you know the longer that goes on and
the more they're pulling out of EVs the
more they are ending their future
outlook. Even though I think they never
had a chance on EVs. So maybe they're
doing the right thing, but they have no
survival path.
And so all of this will not go on
forever. Like in the auto business, to
lose your margin, to lose your revenue
and your sales is absolutely deadly. The
elasticity to death is huge, right? If
you go down in sales 5%, you're close to
death because this entire business
cannot afford that. You have giant
capex, you have giant manufacturing
sites. If you can't sell the cars, even
the slightest dip down is super
dangerous. And they are dipping down
every single year now. You see it with
Porsche, too. So, and I think for Tesla
that means, I mean, it's very bad for
them, but for Tesla, it means they're
just chugging along. All they need to do
is keep printing money and at some point
they get the entire market. That's what
I'm saying. Because you have the
Chinese, the Chinese hanging out and
they're very powerful, but the Chinese
get blocked to entering this these
markets and the US and Europe. you have
Tesla presence of course very strong. So
my prediction is it's not just the
strength of Tesla and sales, it's also
this wave of defaults and destruction
that is like uh nibbling at the heels of
these guys every single year and they
don't have many years to go and that
will benefit vastly the benefits vastly
will go to Tesla and no one else. BYD
maybe if they get in but it will mostly
go to Tesla and whoever survives maybe
Toyota.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. your thesis is that the legacy
auto probably have a year or two left in
them. Uh but I think there's something
so so far Tesla's prices have not really
budged. They've they've kept the same
prices. There's a theory that they're
going to reduce the leasing pricing and
as they are able to make FSD an
additional margin on top of car sales,
they can reduce that lease pricing even
further and then that would just
completely disrupt at that point.
&gt;&gt; Exactly. when you first I'm not sure how
sophisticated Tesla is on that front
because normally that's not their
strength like marketing and market
pricing, market research and all that
kind of stuff. But maybe at this point
they're doing it wouldn't be hard to
hire a bunch of smart agencies or
something. And once you have that, I did
this a long time ago. You have basically
these maps and you understand the
competition, you understand the stress
levels they are under and you understand
their margin pricing, especially in
auto. If Tesla would have that, that
would inform their pricing strategies,
too. And so it's not just if they just
want to lower prices to sell more. It's
also knowing what the comp competitive
situation is. So sometimes it just might
be enormously beneficial to lower by a
thousand bucks and sometimes it's not.
Right? It depends on the situation. And
my prediction is the more we go down
that path of destruction of these guys,
uh, the exponentially more interesting
it becomes to be more price aggressive
because we can finish them off kind of.
I don't know if that's our goal, but
&gt;&gt; well, the goal is to sell more
&gt;&gt; to sell more and then and and and or
just keep moving forward with the new
new new business model. So, not
everything Tesla does is successful. Uh
the Cybertruck in many ways is not
selling very well. I mean, it's a
failure in many ways and success in
others, but it's uh they only sold 4,186
Cybert trucks in the first quarter of
2026.
That's down from 7,000 the first quarter
of last year. And then overall Tesla
vehicle registrations Q1 were down
130,000 from last year last year to
105,000 this year in Q1. But the Cybert
trucks did not do well. Uh some people
are saying, well, okay, the Cybertruck
did not sell well and it's a failure.
But the reason Tesla did it was it's
known that it's a new technology. you
when you have a brand new technology,
you want to put it to a small market
first, which is trucks. And then they
tested out lots of new technical
breakthroughs. This is where they did
it. They, you know, the uh the steer by
wire, ether loop, those kind of things.
Well, I think my, you know, I think the
Tesla community tends to be car driven,
no pun intended, h whereas I am not. I'm
very technology and stock driven. I'm
much more excited about technology and
the stock and the economic story. So
most fans are really car fans. And that,
you know, leads to the discussion point
that a lot of Tesla viewers and fans
want to see more models. They want to
see the Cybert truck and then they got
it. They want to see the model 2. They
want to see this and that. Whereas I
have like a purely like economics and
tech focus and say no the fewer the
fewer of that stuff I see the better it
is because I think about the machine
that builds the machine. It's better to
have two models or one or three with a
cyber cap than 10
&gt;&gt; because that creates enormous
uh enormous economies of scale and that
is Tesla's strength different from all
the other automakers. They don't have
many they just have two models that are
the best models in the world because
it's only two. Everything goes into
these models. And so, long story short,
I always thought the Cyber Truck is kind
of stupid. And Tesla, because it's an
engineering company, they fall in love
with their own little designs. Look at
Model X and the Falcon doors, which was
kind of stupid, but they wanted it.
Cyber Truck, they got all excited and
then they ran into too many problems.
They destroyed the pricing. That's why
they're not selling, right? They were
promised at 39,000. They're selling at
whatever 95,000. So, of course, you're
not selling anything. this is like
mispriced because the manufacturing
didn't work out. So
&gt;&gt; yeah,
&gt;&gt; I'm all for like don't do all these
things. Focus on model 3 and Y and on
cyber cap and then think about
satellites. Think about Kartev scale
things. Don't think about 10 million
types of satellites, just two Starlink
and uh orbital AI and just hammer that
home. So you think in systems, think in
factories and think in singular products
that become absolutely perfectionized.
That's how you win. No one wants all
these different cars. I think it's
stupid. Sure, maybe. I mean, you want a
Model Y and you want a Model 3 and then
you want a Cyber Cap and the whole
pickup truck and uh van business is of
course huge, but you know, it's also a
distraction compared to infinite compute
in space or cyber.
&gt;&gt; You have to remember if you compare it
to other competitors, uh BYD has 43
trims,
&gt;&gt; 43 cars.
&gt;&gt; They're not doing well. B also I mean
you're you're you're saying that Tesla
has you know five or seven and they
should not have done eight. Well
&gt;&gt; yeah I mean just because everyone else
is even dumber don't be dumb. Don't be
dumb with the excuse but I'm still the
smart is like great congratulations.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. So
&gt;&gt; yeah, I think at the time too, of
course, they did not know yet if full
self-driving robo taxi was truly going
to be successful. But uh where we're
headed now, now that they know that the
I think what's going to happen now is
they're going to create many different
kinds of autonomous vehicles using the
same unbox model, using the same
components, and just kind of connecting
together like Legos, different kind of
versions. That's when they're going to
start creating all sorts of cars. But
yeah,
&gt;&gt; well I think
&gt;&gt; you know I think people underestimate
the power of not having many cars. Like
if it's more it's more like people
underestimate the power of mass
production. If you produce something in
the tens of millions per year like the
cyber cap zoom um it's easier it's
cheaper if you have 10 people who want
to go somewhere to give them five cyber
caps. That's cheaper than developing a
stupid cyber van because at at some
point that stuff becomes free. Look at
TVs. They're all the same behind the
scenes. They're just different. And look
at them like the insane prices. You can
buy a giant TV for 199 bucks. How is
this even This is like one of the most
advanced pieces of technology in
history, but it costs nothing. Why?
because there's like whoever produces
them, Samsung or something and they just
turn them out at the tens of millions
and then it doesn't cost anything
anymore. But you can't do that if you
had 10 different TV technologies or
something. And for cars, same thing. So
I I think people totally underestimate
that even if someone would figure out
FSD like Tesla, the enormous, you know,
insurmountable mode they're building
with Cyber Cap because it's designed as
the world's highest production car ever.
And you just can't compete with it. They
will come out every 5 seconds for
basically free. They will have like
$10,000 cogs or something in the end.
And you can't compete with it. And so
why is this so hot? Because they reduce
all that stuff into a singular model.
That's also why it's not it is not smart
to say, "Oh, I want a four-seater and a
six-seater and like a 10-seater cyber
cap." Sure, that all sounds great, but
it's not smart because these economies
of scale matter.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; Like a lot more than selling 1.8 million
cars with how many models? Five, six
models. Then they'll sell over two
million cyber caps just this exact same
car probably more five million probably
&gt;&gt; per years probably a Japan
&gt;&gt; plan. So one of the things of course
that differentiates Tesla from everyone
else is self-driving. I don't know if
you saw this, but uh David Moss is back
out again
&gt;&gt; and uh he Deon Olsen and Spencer have
been um started three days ago and
they're going coast to coast across
Canada and they've now their plan is to
go 3,700 miles with zero interventions
hopefully with full self-driving version
14.3
started 3 days ago. They've now they're
now halfway and they've driven 1,776
miles and 100% of that is been on FSD.
They just pressed the button from one
the coast in Vancouver
where I grew up in and then they're now
in Winnipeg and they're hoping to get to
Nova Scotia.
This is where they're headed. So, let's
uh you know, this began coast to coast
attempt began here. Let's listen to
their kickoff.
&gt;&gt; Cuber, British Columbia. This is
Spencer. This is Deon Olsen. I'm David
Moss. We're going to attempt to do the
impossible. We're taking Tesla's FSD
14.3, my 2025 AI4 Model 3. So, we're
going to go all the way across the
country. We're here in BC. We're going
to go to Alberta. We're we're going to
go to Saskatchewan. We're going to go to
Manitoba. We're going to go to Ontario,
Quebec, New Brunswick, and then end in
Nova Scotia. And we're going to do
there. And this is all only possible
thanks to our sponsors. We got EVJ, um,
Tescam Studio, and then we'd like to
give a special shout out. We're going to
have shirts available later today on
fsdmerch.com.
&gt;&gt; That's right.
&gt;&gt; Okay. And then this is them.
&gt;&gt; Hello from the hitting the 1500 mark.
&gt;&gt; We're about to make it to 1,500 miles
without a single intervention. What do
you have to say, Mr. Spencer?
&gt;&gt; So far so good. I've been killing it.
We've been on the road for for 14 hours.
So, so far. How's it going?
&gt;&gt; Long day.
&gt;&gt; So, why are you laughing by the fact
that I just said we're killing it?
&gt;&gt; Uh,
&gt;&gt; oh,
&gt;&gt; we have indeed killed it. There was a
bird strike. Unfortunately, we didn't go
down in the Hudson, but
&gt;&gt; they had a bird strike.
&gt;&gt; Rest in peace, bird. But, um, we're
good. We're good to go. 1500 miles. 1433
is not a brake stabber on birds after
all.
So they there was a bird and then so
they they did come across um they did
have this one uh potential f they called
it a final boss cuz they had a
construction flagger and for a few
seconds they thought this is it. They're
going to have to disengage. But uh
luckily the car figured out what to do.
&gt;&gt; No. Hold it still. Hold it still.
&gt;&gt; He's even waving the stop sign.
The cardinal knows what to do.
&gt;&gt; He has no idea the construction worker.
The whole world is watching him. Such
&gt;&gt; a good job right now.
&gt;&gt; Shout out to this guy.
&gt;&gt; Come on. Come on. Come on.
&gt;&gt; Come on. Come on. Come on. Come on.
Come on.
&gt;&gt; No, no, no, no, no, no,
no.
&gt;&gt; I don't know why they're laughing.
&gt;&gt; So exciting. It's like this is so crazy.
&gt;&gt; The fate of FSD is in the hands of this
dude.
I don't know. We're spending a little
too long here.
It's the triviality of the scene that
&gt;&gt; Mhm.
&gt;&gt; combined with the
&gt;&gt; Okay, they're going to switch it over.
&gt;&gt; I don't think the car Oh,
&gt;&gt; I mean, it's very cool this thing. I
mean, it's just cool. Think about it.
&gt;&gt; Gentlemen,
how was that?
Oh.
&gt;&gt; Oh, God.
&gt;&gt; My heart was beating
&gt;&gt; so fast.
&gt;&gt; All right. So,
&gt;&gt; so they're halfway through right now.
&gt;&gt; Like when you I mean, you know all about
it because you use it all the time. But
just let that sink in. There's a car.
There's a dude puts up a stop sign that
turns it into slow. The car slowly
starts driving on the other side of the
road. I mean, just think about it. like
what is necessary for a neural net, for
a chip to understand this all like all
of these things. It's really
mind-boggling when you think about it.
&gt;&gt; And the other thing people forget is
that, you know, we're we're all watching
Robo Taxi in Austin right now, but I'm
driving it in Washington State. They're
driving across Canada. You know, we have
friends driving it all over the United
States, all different states, and it's
doing just fine. here. They're proving
that it can go from coast to coast, 100%
FSE, no issues. Uh, we're pretty well
there. It's getting there. Um, Tesla
themselves said from the first pioneer
wagons to cross-country trips on FSE
supervised in under 200 years.
Um, and to end has a new meaning.
Gentai, he's one of the guys who
developed this FSE supervised shrinks
your idea of a long trip and you can
literally road trip anywhere with Tesla
FSE. lets you get your out of your
comfort zone, explore the world. It
handles all the driving, charging, and
parking for you. I could never do nearly
10,000 miles of road trips in last year
without it. It is changing how people
drive.
&gt;&gt; I mean, of course, I understand people,
everyone is annoyed that it takes so
long, but it's very clear to me this is
the year 2026. It will
&gt;&gt; What has changed with your forecast at
this point? Um, we've been every once in
a while checking with you.
&gt;&gt; Like I had CERN on the uh on the podcast
and uh we all agree now we you me and
him are all in the same ballpark between
10 and 20,000 by end of the year.
&gt;&gt; I you know I I said a long time ago I
think it's 20. Now I'm saying it's
between 10 10 and 20. I think it's still
the most likely outcome by December and
different from I don't know who said
that. Uh, but I have a very different um
assessment of the stock price. I don't
think it's going to be 550 or 600. If
you get to 15,000 cyber caps, I think
then you're dealing with a different
&gt;&gt; with a What are you thinking? Yeah,
&gt;&gt; I my fair value is around like what 890
or something this year. And I think if
we get to 15,000, we'll probably
overshoot.
I think we get close to a,000. So that
sounds like what you were saying last
year still, but what has changed from
your like three months ago? Because you
were thinking, so we're now in May,
right? Are you behind what you were
predicting by the end of June? Those
kind of
&gt;&gt; I predicted 1,800 unsupervised April,
May. So that clearly didn't happen, but
that was already clear in December.
Maybe that this likely doesn't happen.
Um, and
so what changed is mostly that I
recognize we delayed. So I updated the
model a little bit roughly a year in the
grand scheme of things right because
back in the days uh but I also so while
I recognize there's a delay my level of
confidence in the prediction is going up
like a lot because of cyber cap and all
the little pieces of evidence we see. Um
and I think people just don't get it.
They think just because it took 10 years
it's going to take another 10 years and
then another 10 years. That's not how
things work. So at some point it works.
The question is when is this inflection
point? My confidence that it happens
this year is high mostly because of
cyber capab ramp because there is no
explanation what else could happen. Uh
and that means Tesla has super high
confidence in this and the other little
elements and evidence that we see the
hiring the buildout of infrastructure in
Dallas. I think I saw this like the
whole
&gt;&gt; and Houston and Austin. Mhm.
&gt;&gt; And exactly all over Texas like at scale
now and the hiring in all the different
states uh and the cyber cap delivery to
all these different states and cities
that would not be happening if there
wouldn't be a plan for the next you know
six months to go into wider scale. So,
I'm pretty confident we see that and I
think maybe the three of us are saying
it, but I do not think the market thinks
that, which means alpha.
&gt;&gt; I do not think.
&gt;&gt; Do you think the market is even more
conservative than 10 15,000? Do you
think that they just they they they said
it's going to be next year?
&gt;&gt; Yeah, they're going to say maybe next
year we we can overtake way more or
something 3,000 maybe end of 2027. I
don't I haven't looked at the analyst,
but the vibe I'm getting is this will
take forever. It's now starting to work,
so we can price it in a little bit, but
every number I hear or sees, no one says
it will be millions of cyber caps in the
2030s, except for me, of course. So, I'm
I'm saying will be tens of millions by
the end of next decade. Uh, and all the
forecast I see is like, oh, 100,000,
200,000, whatever in 2040. So, I think
they're still totally off. And uh you
know I'm not totally confident on my
whole trajectory in the 2030s but I
think we definitely get to millions
before well in 2030 or I have to look at
the model but close to a million. So no
one of the conventional analysts has it
on their bingo cards and that means they
are totally underestimating the cash
flows if I'm right
&gt;&gt; and so that 15,000 this year is part of
this whole trajectory. They definitely
do not expect that
because if you expected it, you would
have my price targets and they don't
&gt;&gt; because if you get to 15,000 this year,
there is no doubt you get totally over
100,000 next year and then you're
dealing with massive impacts on free
cash flow. Like massive.
&gt;&gt; Okay. Yeah. I'm I'm still thinking that
it's 10 to 15,000 this year and which
I've always been saying for so long by
the way, just to be clear. uh it can it
can shoot overshoot it but I think that
the next three months is going to be a
lot slower than people think and I've
been predicting and I've been saying
that I think that cybercap needs a lot
more testing and and so every cyber
capab that they produce they're sending
it out there and that they're getting as
many miles as possible on FSD and
they're testing it and not just in
Austin but every city that they can send
it to so they can get the you know
basically what we were able to do with
the Model 3s and Y's
We test it on their behalf. Here they
have to do it themselves and I think
that's a needs a lot more than people
are are expecting probably two or three
months worth of it. That's what I was
saying.
&gt;&gt; I agree. I think that's in line with my
huristic but my heristic is a little
different but I come to the same
conclusion. My huristic is is it
conceivable that we have thousands of
cyber caps you know driving around
without any commercial operation? I
would say no. That's my heristic. So the
question is when do we hit thousands of
cyber caps? That will happen in 3 to
four months. There will be thousands of
cyber caps and at that point it's not
planned to have thousands of cyber caps,
you know, driving around forever.
&gt;&gt; It's planned to be put into service and
then that's when they'll do it. They'll
probably wait 3 months to test, but then
they're making them and as they make
them, they're going to go into service.
And so then they it will ramp really
quickly
&gt;&gt; after three or six months will catch up
at the end of the day. Yeah.
&gt;&gt; Two trajectories, right? The one you're
everyone is like observing and you're
talking about right now which is the
unsupervised cyber cap uh unsupervised
robo taxis. But I think the more uh uh
clandestine
uh really important trajectory is the
number of cyber caps
&gt;&gt; because they will be ramping like that
while dansu are not ramping but that is
the real curve because you cannot you
cannot stop it. If you stop it that
would be a total failure I mean if Tesla
says oops we stop production I mean
that's like you better not hold the
stock then. So and I do not think
there's any indication that this
happens. That means it keeps ramping up
exponentially or like growing. And that
means we know in three to four months we
have thousands of these things. And then
you can argue that it can't be that they
have thousands of cyber caps capexed
driving around with no business in
sight. Just not happening. That would be
also a total disaster. And
&gt;&gt; I think they can do that for three to
six months. I don't think it's a total
disaster. But if it's sitting there by
the end of this year,
&gt;&gt; yeah,
&gt;&gt; you have 10,000 driving around with no I
mean then it gets a little tricky.
&gt;&gt; Good point. Yeah. And and so every cyber
cap that they make will go into service
at some point. So the question is I'm
just saying it's not going to show up in
the first three months, but Oh yeah,
it's going to end up showing up into
service by the end of this year. Right.
&gt;&gt; Well, and we have an exponential forcing
function, exponential push function,
right? So every month they keep ramping
and producing and not deploying. makes
it exponentially less likely that
they're not launching it the month after
because it becomes more and more
nonfeasible. Right? You can't just have
20,000 and produce another 10,000 and
never do anything. It becomes completely
exponentially less feasible which means
it becomes exponentially more likely
with every month that goes by especially
once we hit the thousand deployed in my
opinion that something is going to
happen.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, they start putting into service.
Very good points. I appreciate that. All
right. Well, we covered quite a bit
today. We talked about all these
different Ferraris, other cars, uh
Teslas, their thing is they're changing
the business model and they're changing
the the the full self-driving and we're
following that closely. The uh cross
country is just another example of proof
points to people that yeah, it's being
done now. So yes, Elon was absolutely
wrong when he said I'm going to do it
next year when he did that 2000. Never
happened. Uh but now it's happening not
only across the David Moss has gone
three times across uh the country and
now he's doing it one more time across
Canada.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. And for me this is all nice to
look at these things but it's really not
the reliable predictor. The reliable
predictor is all cyber cap because that
means massive capex massive commitment
from leadership from the finance
department from everyone. Plus, you
cannot stop the ramp, which means
there's complete and total dedication
and complete and total confidence from
the people who know by far the most, the
internal executive team to do that. And
that's my the main driver of my
conviction. If that wouldn't be the
case, if Herbert tells me all day long
how amazing it is, it does not tell me
anything. They believe they can sell it.
Do they believe in a commercial
operation? Blah blah blah. This is all
unknown. But because of CyberCap, we
know what they know.
That's
&gt;&gt; very, very good point. I appreciate that
so much. Thank you, Joe. Follow him at
his website, pionerlands.org.
Thanks, everybody.
&gt;&gt; Thank you. I've created a website that
is the most comprehensive resource for
the Tesla investor. Please check it out.
Simply go to my website at herbalm.com.