Channel:     futureaza
Title:       Tesla's Best Quarter In Years?
URL:         https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dhwZoPYZ3SM
Published:   2026-07-10 17:24 UTC
Fetched:     2026-07-10 18:00 UTC

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

If you're making 10,000 cars a month
instead of 5,000 cars a month in the
same factory, that's going to cut your
factory utilization in half. So, all of
those things are going to add to
margins. But the big one is going to be
FSD uptake. It is the end of the road
for Tesla surely. Why, that's what the
loudest of the howler monkeys on social
media have been telling me. And I told
them, wait and see what deliveries are.
Deliveries were expected to be 46,000
units, a substantial increase over last
year, but they came in a bit higher than
that. 481,000.
Uh, that's pretty strong. What does that
mean for the earnings, for the revenue,
for the bottom line, for the financial
statement? That's what we're going to
find out today. I'm joined by Randy
Kirk, who follows that side of it. Uh,
in much the way I follow the engineering
side, it's his area of expertise.
Or perhaps not. We'll find out. I'm
Brian. Welcome to Futurazza.
&gt;&gt; So, Randy, I'm looking at the Q1
numbers, and I'm just going to pull
those up, just show them to you. uh real
small here, hard to read, but the point
is that uh Q1 only 16 billion in total
automotive revenue versus uh a billion
plus billion and a half more in Q4. But
looking through the year, we're seeing
the highs at 21. 21 was the high water
mark for last year. What are we
expecting in terms of uh a quarter like
this where we beat expectations where we
have the best second quarter Tesla's
have ever had the fourth best quarter
overall including the much stronger Q's
three and four. What are we looking at?
What should investors expect to see uh
towards in a couple weeks here when we
get the quarterly numbers? So somewhere
in all my information I didn't come
prepared with was the revenue number.
But what I will tell you is this. When
you get that kind of production, I think
everybody gets it now if they've been
paying attention is that that means
you're going to have a lower cost of
everything. So your costs are going to
go down on equipment on on labor.
Everything goes gets better when you are
maxing out your capacity. And it, as it
turns out, it looks like with the maxing
out was more at Berlin and Shanghai as
opposed to the US. So the Berlin numbers
might have gotten really good in terms
of profits. Now then you also are going
to get a better deal with regard to
factory utilization. So you've got an
amount that you have to include in your
cost of goods on every car that has to
do with some number that they've chosen
to use as the factory utilization
aspect. And so again, if you're making
10,000 cars a month instead of 5,000
cars a month in the same factory, that's
going to cut your factory utilization in
half. So all of those things are going
to add to margins, but the big one is
going to be FSD uptake. So I have uh had
a number I've had a conversation with
Grock. I've had a conversation with
Brian Wong. Um I think I've had a third
third situation. I can't remember who
that was. uh uh it might have been one
of the other guys in the community and
there's this is the range we're coming
up with roughly 63 cents compared to 40
the first quarter that does in that does
include the megapac uh increase. So that
would be assuming exactly the same
margins. So the 63 number is super
conservative if we're thinking it's
going to be the same automotive margins.
Um, if you think the margins are going
to go up, for every 1%
in margin, you get another six cents in
profit.
So, for instance, Brian Wong right now
is sitting at almost 90 cents on his
numbers because he's assuming that the
FSD uptake will be very, very strong and
that the other issues that we just
discussed are going to be strong as
well. So, there's kind of a range for
you. 63 to 90 and none of that counts.
I'm sorry to be so long, but none of
that counts. The big 35 cents we're
going to get on the mark the market on
SpaceX stocks.
&gt;&gt; Oh yeah. Uh we'll get to that in a
second. I'm going to just make a note. U
I wanted to address the first thing, the
FSD uptake. Uh for the for those who
don't know how that's accounted, uh when
you buy a Tesla, you get one month free.
Typically, I've seen it get as long as
two or three months in the past, but
right now I think it's one month free.
that trial does not count. It's only the
people who then pay for it. Uh whether
they subscribe one month or one year,
you know, or just set it ongoing and
leave it running. Uh that only counts
the paid people. U and last quarter we
saw a big uptick, 170,000 more than the
previous quarter. That's kind of a big
deal. Uh, in terms of volume pricing,
this is something I saw that was very
concerning to me on the second after
Tesla released their numbers. Lucid
released theirs. Lucid in the past has
waited unforgivably long, unconscionably
long to count the number of cars they
sold, but when you're only selling
4,000, you can kind of count them on one
hand. 4,000 is a problem, Randy. I know
individuals, I know people who own sole
proprietorships who buy 4,000 of a
thing. And at 4,000, the volume pricing
you get is very small. It's a percent or
maybe 3%. But on bespoke items, on
custom items that you paid someone to
fabricate from scratch for you, you are
getting bad pricing at 4,000 units. That
is not where volume pricing comes into
play. U and that's going to eat them
alive. They're paying too much. They're
paying too much for their parts. I'm
sure they're squeezing their suppliers
as much as they can, but their suppliers
don't have room to be squeezed when the
volume is so low. question I have for
you before we get back to the
marktomarket bit of it, uh, because
that's substantial, uh, is cash on hand.
If we're seeing these big margins, we
know what they're spending money on and
they're spending quite a bit of it,
their cash on hand could still increase
this quarter, couldn't it?
&gt;&gt; Oh, yeah. I think it'll be the free cash
flow is going to be big. Um, again,
you've got better margins. Uh, you've
got more money coming in from the FSD.
uh you've got um a bit more money coming
in from the deployments of the energy
side. You've got more money coming in of
course you got a constant increase in
the services uh that are that are uh all
lumped together. Uh yeah I
&gt;&gt; and no end of quarter discounts
&gt;&gt; and no end of quarter discounts and so
yeah so alto together the free cash flow
should be very very good and should you
know easily out outpace the increases
that they're doing in terms of the
capital spend.
&gt;&gt; Okay. So now uh marktomarket accounting
uh means that you can um without selling
an asset count its new value. Uh Tesla
purchased some stock in a little company
out of Texas that makes uh I don't know
like uh fireworks or something. Um very
very loud fireworks.
&gt;&gt; Rockets red glare. Yeah.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Uh rockets clear glare. It's very
pretty. Uh tell me about what that was
and how it will and and has that
investment changed in value?
&gt;&gt; So we now have all the facts. We were
making some predictions. Uh when I say
we, that's me. Um I was making some
predictions. I think I was the first one
to bring it up. Uh period of any any
pundit. Uh I said, "Hey, wait a minute.
We're gonna we're going to have this big
gain on SpaceX. Um and the very first
time I did it, I have to admit Grock
messed up and I thought it was going to
be like a dollar a share or something."
Anyway, everybody pointed out, Randy,
no, it's not a dollar share. And so now
I've gotten better and I instruct Groth
to do it right. And um so now that we've
got the final number at the end of June
for the value of SpaceX, we know that
it's going to be 35 cents. So that's not
in question.
&gt;&gt; Uh and it's not in question whether
they're going to take it or not. They
have no choice. So whether the thing
goes up or whether the thing goes down,
you have to mark the market it. Now,
you're going to have a little bit of a
takeaway from the uh the Bitcoin that we
own because it went down. And so, it's a
couple of hundred million I think on
this Bitcoin losses, but it doesn't
compare to the over 1 billion on the
gain from SpaceX shock stock.
&gt;&gt; So, what we're seeing is that Tesla
purchased a
large on the individual scale, but
inconsequential on the business scale
amount of SpaceX stock. They paid for it
substantially less than $135 a share.
They probably paid under a hundred a
share and now it's worth as of last time
I looked about 160 a share and that
appreciation shows up in the bottom
line.
&gt;&gt; Right.
&gt;&gt; Okay. Uh what about uh and the fact that
there were no big promos, no big
discounts, all of that goes to the
margin. Demand has been remarkably
robust in a variety of markets,
including ones where we were assured
sales were done forever, like the UK,
like Germany, like the US of America.
Those countries uh are still buying a
whole bunch of Teslas.
&gt;&gt; We missed one. We missed one. I knew
there was one more. My brain was just
spinning. I was trying to remember what
it was. And that is we sold down
inventory dramatically.
&gt;&gt; Oh, yes. That's right.
&gt;&gt; That is beat. That's going to be more
free cash flow. We had a 50,000 vehicle
overhang uh going into the second
quarter. We came out of the quarter I
think with more like a 20,000. Did I get
that right? I think it's around 20,000
overhang. So 30,000 of those vehicles
got sold. I might not have that number
precise. So don't don't criticize.
&gt;&gt; It's tens of thousands of 40 to50,000
vehicles.
&gt;&gt; Right. Right. Uh so it is a substantial
amount because we get the margin from
those but we also get the entire
production cost back.
&gt;&gt; All of it. Yes.
&gt;&gt; The whole thing
&gt;&gt; for free for free cash flow.
&gt;&gt; For free cash flow.
&gt;&gt; And let me just also add on to what you
said a minute ago. Not only do we have
the FSD uptake on the new cars, but we
would have people that are driving
around who, like you mentioned at
another point, maybe it was on this
show, maybe it was a previous one. We
got lots and lots of people out there
that have been waiting for FSD to get
good enough on their existing car to
start paying for it. And so we know that
there's already uptake uh of those
people that are paying the $100 a month
now that weren't before.
&gt;&gt; That's true. There are people that you
and I know who have purchased who have
subscribed to FSD on their hardware
three cars uh for the first time either
ever or in years. Um, I know people who
were very frustrated getting stranded
back in the V12 era who said, "Look, I'm
just not paying for it anymore." And
those have come around. We don't know if
it's half a percent, but if it is half a
percent, that's a
&gt;&gt; vehicles
&gt;&gt; of of millions of vehicles, uh, great.
That's going to be a significant uh
benefit because the marginal cost to
keep that operational is very low. Very
low. it is it is I'm going to say less
than a penny uh in terms of the data
sent out. So that is helpful. Um the big
thing and this is kind of a hotly
contested one. I don't know how much
people know about this and I know you're
going to have some very strong opinions
is on uh July 10th through 26, three
bandits and a baby playing at Stageworks
Northwest in Long View, Washington, not
even an hour north of Portland,
depending on traffic. Click there to get
the tickets. And if you use coupon code
uh SWN20,
you get 20% off and you get to see me
live out my lifelong fantasy of being a
cowboy sheriff. Apparently, I've just
decided that was something I always
wanted. If you asked me as a child, who
knows? I probably would have taken that
job. That's a lot of fun. Uh so, uh
thoughts on that, Randy? if if if you
dare wade into such controversial
waters,
&gt;&gt; you know, I just uh it would be worth it
sometime to come up and see one of your
plays, to see you in one of these plays
just to find out if you're any good, you
know,
&gt;&gt; just to find I mean, who knows? You
could be like, "Wow, Brian, that was one
of the plays of all time."
&gt;&gt; That's right.
&gt;&gt; I've done a I've watched a lot of little
theater. I'm a big fan of local
community theater, so I would be a
pretty good judge. I put in my bio for
the play that I've been in dozens of
plays, including two this century if you
include this one. Uh, so uh, but you get
the dust knocked off there pretty quick.
The cobwebs come out reasonably quickly.
Guys, what did we miss? What do we
misunderstand? I don't know. It's not my
job to know that. It's yours because the
video is where we try and make you
smarter and the comments is where I hope
you can make me smarter. The bots have
been out in force lately. People who've
never commented on a video before
sharing what I can only describe as the
most fascinating takes. Some quite
interesting, some deeply concerning, but
they're there and I appreciate it either
way. If you hated this video, you should
definitely leave a comment so that you
can really stick it to the man uh
unaware that it actually makes YouTube
show it to more people. So, that's
great. Uh, everybody else, you know,
like, subscribe, do what you do. Head
over to Ry's channel, find out what he's
up to. He's got a couple videos with me
this week and every week. And uh I do
periodically pop into the comments over
there to find out what you guys can do
to make me smarter on his topics as
well. Just do it, man. It cost you
nothing. Everybody else, stay tuned,
stay juicy, and I cannot wait to hear
from you clever robots on the next