Channel:     electrified
Title:       Tesla's Big Announcement Day / SpaceX Reveals Starlink Gen 3 Plans ⚡️
URL:         https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=D4ec9gTcmaw
Published:   2026-07-07 23:11 UTC
Fetched:     2026-07-08 00:00 UTC

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Welcome back to Electrified. It's your
host Dylan Lumis. And a quick shout out
to my newest patrons, Barbara W. Matt B,
Mo P, and Jim M. Thank you all for
choosing to support the channel.
Hopefully, this is not the big news for
the day, but we did get Tesla's impact
report for 2025. So, I just want to run
through a few points. I do have to say
the graphics in this report are
beautiful and very well done. Tesla
called out the supercharger network has
been matched with 100% renewable
electricity for five years in a row and
Gigab Berlin has done the same thing for
three years in a row. I just want to
clarify because people still get
confused. This is really just an
accounting claim. This does not mean
that every electron used at these
locations came from renewable energy.
This is basically Tesla buying contracts
for renewable energy elsewhere that
matches the consumption at Superchargers
and at Giga Berlin. If you hear things
like RECC's, renewable energy contracts
or PPAs, power purchase agreements, most
of the time these are the vehicles Tesla
uses to do this. So to keep it simple,
Tesla buys these certificates or
contracts from places like wind or solar
farms. So for all the electricity Tesla
uses at superchargers and at Giga Berlin
somewhere someplace, an equal amount of
renewable energy is being generated. And
I'm sharing this refresher because a
great talking point for us, charging an
electric vehicle gets cleaner every year
that the grid adds more renewable
energy. Whereas gas cars, on the other
hand, generally have the same level of
pollution every single year. Also,
remember to tell your circle the average
price for a new vehicle in the US just
over $49,000,
but Tesla's Model 3 starts under
$37,000.
And yes, from a 5-year TCO total cost of
ownership perspective, the Model Y comes
in more affordable than the Toyota RAV
4. The former at 77 cents per mile and
the RAV 4 at $81 cents per mile. And I
know many of you are like me. You still
know people in real life that think the
most affordable Tesla you can buy starts
around $80,000. Tesla said that FSD is
actually 5% more efficient than manual
driving. And that was taken from
realworld data from 65 million miles
driven in 2025. So yes, FSD uses less
energy than driving manually. On the
CyberCab, Tesla said, "Our new reaction
injection molding, RAIM, that process
reduces manufacturing cycle times from
hours to just minutes with paint
injected during the molding process." I
repeat, from hours to minutes. So,
whenever the Cybercap production hits
some level of scale, it's going to be
different than anything else we've seen.
On the Semi, we've known this to be
directionally true, but Tesla is now
giving us a number. The Semi delivers a
50% reduction in the total cost of
ownership for fleets operating in
California and a 20% reduction across
the United States. It's driven by a
combination of energy efficiency,
reduced maintenance, and lower labor
requirements. I thought it was
interesting. Tesla said, "Our robo taxi
fleet will leverage the existing
Supercharger network using the
infrastructure we have already deployed
to ensure rapid and reliable charging."
So, yet another anecdote that is pushing
us seemingly away from wireless
charging. Now, sure, maybe some of the
infrastructure at these supercharger
locations, like mega packs and those
with solar, can ultimately provide power
through wireless charging in the future,
but unless something changes, it's
seeming like wireless charging is not a
current priority for Tesla. Electricity
demand from data centers grew by nearly
20% last year and is set to double by
2030. And that type of strain on the
grid just means that Tesla's mega packs
will continue to become even more
critical to managing that demand. Here's
a fun fact for you. Last year alone,
Tesla customers saved over $1 billion
with a B energy costs through solar
generation, Power Wall storage, and grid
exports. By the end of 2025, over
$213,000
Power Wall units were enrolled in VPP
programs around the world. And Tesla
said with full autonomy and maximized
ride hailing, CyberC is projected to
nearly half emissions per mile compared
to the Model 3 and the Model Y. For the
usual, it's a shame that 99% of people
will never know anything about Tesla's
impact reports. When the fact of the
matter is Tesla's doing more for not
just the environment, but for the grid
and for road safety than any other
company, and it's not even close. So
yeah, for the seasons where Tesla stock
seems stuck, the silver lining is that I
can sleep well knowing I'm supporting a
company I genuinely believe in and want
to see succeed. Speaking of Tesla stock,
I'm certainly not going to dive into
this now ancient news, that is Tesla's
Q2 PND report, but Tesla blew out the
expectation that was somewhere between
410 and 420,000 vehicles. And yet Tesla
stock on that day on Thursday had one of
the worst days in the past year. And
guys, what were we talking about before
our interview with Gan? And what did we
have confirmed with Gan? Auto deliveries
really, no matter how good they can be
right now, are not going to be stock
movers for anything more than what we
just saw, a buy the rumor, sell the news
type of move, which when boiled down is
a very reasonable explanation for what
happened. For Tesla to really break out
of this five-year channel, we need to
have serious movement on the robo taxi
scaling. And sure, you can nitpick
geographies and say US demand was weak
and the European rebound isn't
sustainable. Whatever narrative you
want, but at the end of the day, some
level of Tesla growing its deliveries is
already baked in and it's just no longer
a real needle mover. But I will say
given these numbers and the way
deliveries outpaced production, I think
that should mean good things for Tesla's
financials. And sure, there are people
saying that's now two quarters backto
back of SOS so energy deployments, but
just do not forget this is going to be
very lumpy quarter. What really matters
is we continue to get news like this.
Today we heard that Essiosoft, a global
leader in energy transition tech, today
announced a landmark deal with Tesla to
accelerate the deployment of battery
energy storage across several high
growth markets. These companies will
collaborate to develop, deploy, operate,
and facilitate the management of an
initial portfolio exceeding 15 gawatt
hours of energy storage capacity,
creating one of the most significant
battery storage initiatives announced
globally. with the focus markets being
the UK, Western Europe, the GCC, the
Gulf Cooperation Council, which is the
Middle East and Indian markets. These
projects will be delivered by Tesla and
Essiosoft teams and are expected to be
introduced under the banner of Essiosoft
Energy Storage powered by Tesla. So
there is 15 gatt hours for phase 1 of
this deal, which will be added to the 25
gatt hours of the NAT power deal we just
heard about. So that's 40 gawatt hours
across two deals, which is a full year
of capacity from Lethro. So Tesla really
has broken into a new era of massive
gigawatt hour battery storage deals. And
obviously eventually those will get
reported and hit the financials when
certain milestones are met. And further,
nearly every single anecdotal trend
points to the mega pack continually
becoming more important, not less. And
we know Mega Pac 3 and the Mega Block
will continue to keep Tesla competitive
and at or near the forefront. And
financially, these two deals alone could
end up in revenue for Tesla, nearing $10
billion over the next few years. And
real quick before we move on from Tesla
Energy, I did want to touch on the Tesla
home that Tesla just announced. They're
calling this a HEMS, a home energy
management system that comes standard in
every power wall. Powered by Opticaster,
our AI optimization software, it
predicts your energy needs,
automatically adjusts your usage across
your appliances, and can help lower your
electricity bills. Importantly, it's
designed to work with a variety of home
energy systems. Tesla Home connects
Power Wall to solar panels, solar roof,
wall connector, and other third-party
energy products with no additional
equipment needed. Here's the scoop. This
is largely technology Tesla has already
had deployed in the field operating on
hundreds of thousands of homes. Most of
this announcement is really a
repackaging for the consumer. Just to
clarify, Opiccastaster, which is the
brain, it does the forecasting and the
optimization and ultimately makes the
decisions, has been in the field
operating now for at least one year.
Tesla's Opicer works on both the Power
Wall and on the Mega Pack. And yes, that
is different than Tesla's Auto Bidder.
The Auto Bidder platform is the one that
monetizes battery capacity in wholesale
electricity markets. So when you hear
auto bidder, think at utility scale. And
this new branding Tesla home is really
just a wrapper for Tesla's Opicer, which
yes, has already been coming standard
for the Power Wall. But there are some
new additions. One of those new
additions, now owners have the option to
monitor connected devices using smart
breakers to adjust and optimize
operations at the device level. So now
remotely through the Tesla app, you'll
be able to manage certain devices like
your refrigerator or HVAC or internet,
which of course becomes quite a useful
feature in the event of a power outage.
You can select what you want to continue
running and anything non-essential you
can remotely turn off. And as far as I
can tell right now, the smart breakers
will be through Eaton. So Tesla's
Opticcastaster works at the utility,
commercial, and retail level. It's the
machine learning optimization engine
that forecasts and decides when and what
to charge, store, discharge, and
conserve. But again, this technology is
not new. Tesla's auto bidder primarily
functions at the utility and commercial
level. That's the trading platform that
bids this battery capacity into the
wholesale markets. But important to
note, Tesla will take a fleet of power
walls through a program like a virtual
power plant and then use auto bidder at
a commercial level through actual retail
homes, but it's only when those homes
are aggregated. And right now, there is
limited information about this new Tesla
home, but it does appear like it will
work with third-party solar. But to
start, it looks like from a battery
perspective, it'll only work with a
power wall. So although much of this
technology has already existed and Tesla
is just repackaging it for a new
consumer push, which I actually have no
problems with, the big takeaway here is
that capabilities like this make each
individual product that much more
attractive. Meaning the power wall
becomes even more beneficial if you add
solar and those can be optimized with a
Tesla wall charger. And in the future or
certain geographies, things like heat
pumps become even more attractive. And
the real beauty of it is the homeowner
doesn't have to think about any of this.
Rather than trying to optimize every
single decision throughout the day,
Tesla's software and hardware suite does
it all on its own. So your car will
charge and discharge at the best time.
Your power wall will charge and
discharge at the best times. Your home
will draw power from the power wall
and/or the grid at the best times. It
saves the consumer money. It eases the
demand on the grid and makes Tesla's
suite of hardware products all more
attractive and also serves as a lock-in
mechanism for consumers in the Tesla
ecosystem. It makes it more attractive
to get in and even harder to leave it.
So, I just wanted to make it clear it
was not some major new hardware or
software announcement, but rather a
repackaging and reframing with some nice
new additions. And sure, there are
almost definitely some algorithm changes
and things under the hood that we just
don't know about, but much of that
technology has already been operating in
the real world now for years. Joe
Tetmier shared a video today saying
there's a group of nine cyber cabs with
the Cyber Cab logos getting ready to
head out for testing in Austin. And I
can't quite confirm from these images or
video, but my expectation is any Cyber
Cab with the Cyber Cab decal will not
have a wheel and or pedals unless it is
for an event. And David Moss spotted one
of these Cyber Cabs out testing in the
wild in Austin. But that's to be
expected given that Tesla just told us
in the impact report the Cyber Cab will
be the primary robo taxi vehicle. Just
FYI, on the robo taxi tracker dashboard,
we have 102 vehicles now officially
registered for Texas, but I changed the
city bycity banners to NA because we
really don't know how many active
vehicles Tesla has at any given time in
any city. And unfortunately, the same is
true for Miami. And what's worse is in
Florida, we're likely not going to have
this reporting that we get from the
Texas DMV because Florida does not have
the same autonomous laws. And I only
have four active cities now because I'm
excluding Tesla's ride hail in
California because it's not officially
robo taxi. So at this point in my eyes,
if Tesla wants to be treated like one of
the big boys, you need to go get the
permit, remove the monitors, and then we
can include the operations in
California. But with Miami now live and
an unknown, but likely very small
vehicle fleet, we're now down to four
cities that we could hear announcements
about any day. And I know many out there
are restless, very eager for even more
fireworks than we got over the past week
or so. Just don't forget Tesla is
quietly testing now in dozens of cities
across the country. As Sawyer shared, it
looks like the robo taxi service is
testing in New Orleans, which as we know
is a city that Tesla has not yet talked
about officially. But between Model Y
and Cyber Cabs, there's likely north of
30 different cities where Tesla is doing
actual robo taxi testing. So, no, I'm
not saying we're going to get dozens of
new cities launched this year. Just
don't make the mistake of thinking
Tesla's only testing in a handful of
cities right now, because that is not
the case. I still think Elon's
prediction of 12 states is overly
optimistic for 2026. But there's a real
chance Tesla has north of 500 cyber cabs
out across the United States. In that
Lars interview when Herbert implied that
Tesla had somewhere around a hundred
cyber cabs, Lars basically laughed at
him saying it's funny that that's how
many cyber cabs they think Tesla has
made, implying a lot more have been
produced. And sure, some were for crash
testing and have already been scrapped,
but the number is higher than many
think. And we don't yet know what this
building is for, but Tesla has leased
Austin's biggest ever speculative
industrial building at 682,000
square ft. Another company broke ground
on the building in March and it's
expected to be completed by January next
year. This location is about five miles
from Giga Texas. At this point, we do
not know why Tesla is leasing this
building, but this hyper expansion phase
continues. And in a new Tesla app update
that not everyone has yet, you'll now be
able to tell if FSD is engaged in the
mobile app. And I've always wanted this
feature to check and see if my wife is
actually using FSD because there were
times in the past when we were paying
for it and she wasn't really using it.
Today, SpaceX filed an application with
the FCC for a Gen 3 Starlink
constellation, which will dwarf the
current Starlink system. The current
system has just north of 10,000
satellites, but this Gen 3 is expected
to eventually be over 100,000 satellites
at even faster speeds. The goal to offer
ultra low latency multi- gigabit
broadband service to orders of magnitude
more users around the world. But this is
not only for consumers, enterprises, and
governments, but also to billions of AI
powered devices around the world. The
Gen 3 system will provide the
communications backbone of the AI age.
AI requires massive uplink capacity to
support HD spatial and auditory data
needed for real-time decision-making and
industrial automation. Without it, the
US cannot compete in the AI revolution.
While downlink capacity will remain
essential to deliver broadband to end
users, the rapid rise of real-time
communications and audiovisisual data
processing for AI enabled devices,
including industrial automation,
precision agriculture, tele medicine,
and personal robotics will also require
a significant expansion of enduser
uplink capacity. SpaceX also wants to
orbit these satellites as low as 323
kilometers from Earth's surface. Its
approval for the gigabit upgrades allows
for orbits as low as 340 km. SpaceX said
by deploying these satellites at very
low altitudes, the Gen 3 system will
achieve unprecedented satellite
diversity, ensuring multiple satellites
are always visible from any point on
Earth. As it stands now, SpaceX has
regulatory clearance to launch right
around 20,000 Gen 1 and Gen 2 satellites
for Starlink, but clearly 20,000
satellites is not nearly enough as
SpaceX is urging the FCC to fasttrack
this approval for Gen 3. And I think
it's worth pointing out publications
like PC Mag are saying this resulting
Gen 3 system could make Starlink an even
faster alternative to groundbased fiber
if it can pull off the multi- gigabit
performance. So can SpaceX pull off
fiberlike performance? I'm not so sure
it happens soon. But between the order
of magnitude increase in satellites and
the lower orbiting and including an
expanded spectrum that they're operating
in, paired with a new V3 hardware that
is targeting 1 terab per second down and
200 Gbits per second up, we should
definitely see meaningful upgrades over
time as these V3 satellites are
deployed. But I still think for the
average user on an average plan is not
going to see fiber-like speeds for
multiple years to come. And in a new
SpaceX report we learned earlier this
month SpaceX disposed of 260 Starlink
satellites between December last year
and May this year, intentionally
vaporizing them via re-entry into the
Earth's atmosphere. 176 of those
satellites were Gen 1 and the rest were
Gen 2. An additional 349 satellites were
decommissioned within that six-month
period and will be disposed of in the
coming months. But those operations are
to be expected. These satellites should
last in the neighborhood of 5 years and
then toward the end of the useful life,
they begin their de-orbit and are
basically 100% incinerated upon
re-entry. Just know some people are
calling for new regulations for these
activities because of what it may or may
not do to the environment. But for now,
the FCC is officially proposing that
space-based operations be excluded from
these new regulations because they're
extr territorial activities with effects
located entirely outside the
jurisdiction of the US. So, we'll keep
an eye on that one. I'm assuming some
folks will wonder what's going on with
SpaceX being added to the NASDAQ 100
today. That's supposed to be about $4
billion of passive buying, but SpaceX
stock was down almost 7% today. Point
number one, the market knew about this
weeks ago, so it's yet again a buy the
rumor, sell the news type of event. And
two, normally a company as big as SpaceX
joining would trigger a bigger wave of
buying. But remember, only about 4% of
SpaceX is available to buy and sell
right now. So that small percentage is
the float. And NASDAQ had a new rule as
of May this year that said if only a
small portion of a company is available
to trade, then they're only going to
give it a small spot on the list or in
the index. That way, the forced buying
can't be bigger than the shares that
actually exist to purchase, which
ultimately just means SpaceX will enter
the NASDAQ 100, but only at about half
of a percent of the entire index. And
that's where that roughly $4.3 billion
figure came from. That was an estimate
from JP Morgan. And again, traders knew
this was coming, so they bought it early
and then sold to get out of the way. And
that's the figure because about $800
billion copies the NASDAQ 100. And 5% of
that number is the 4.3 billion. So that
$4.3 billion was the estimated amount
that was going to be forced to buy
SpaceX shares. And given there's only
about $85 billion of SpaceX shares
available, that was only about 5% of
SpaceX shares that are trading that had
to be purchased for this inclusion. And
the SpaceX quiet period is now over. So
today we had many different Wall Street
firms come out with new ratings on
SpaceX. And of these 17 firms, 16 of
them had a buy or outperform or
overweight rating. Only one Moffett
Nathansson came in at neutral. And the
price targets range from $130 on the low
end up to $800 on the high end. So,
pause if you want to have a look, but I
haven't really spent much time covering
Tesla Wall Street calls over the years,
and that has served us well. So, I'm not
planning to start with SpaceX either.
And at time of recording, it's about
5:00 p.m. Eastern time right now. We
still have no announcement about this
cool, exciting scaling news we were
supposed to hear about today. But
hopefully as I'm editing the video,
something will come out and then I'll
record it and make sure to get it in
this episode. Tesla stock closed the day
at $42.90,
down 4.02%
and SpaceX closed the day at $14947
down 6.83%.
This while the NDX was down 1.77%.
Hope you all have a wonderful day and a
huge thank you to all of my Patreon
supporters.