Channel:     futureaza
Title:       Something Big Is Happening With Terafab
URL:         https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jGhTAdHQYHo
Published:   2026-08-26 18:00 UTC
Fetched:     2026-08-26 19:00 UTC

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

I think we have to assume it's going to
be quite challenging. Um, and I'm going
to be interested to see how much of this
supply chain SpaceX and Tesla decide to
vertically integrate just like they just
like Tesla's done on the EV side.
&gt;&gt; Chips, chips, chips. As Ryan from the
Tesla owners of Southwest Washington
asked Elon himself, "What are we going
to do? We do not have enough chips. They
do not exist. What shall we do?" And the
answer is, "We're going to make our
own." That's crazy. That's impossible.
[music] It can't happen. Uh, but it
looks like it just might. I want to
discover some of the questions that you
guys have. I want to get into the
answers. I want to figure out, is this
even possible? Is this a good idea? Or
is it a very expensive bluff andor
fool's errand? Well, if I want to have
someone tell me what a fool looks like,
I bring on Cern Basher, who just points.
He's just like, "It's it's this guy.
It's this guy over here." And uh, yeah.
No, not you. Me. Anyway, I'm Brian.
Welcome to Futurazza.
[singing]
&gt;&gt; So CERN, uh, we've talked at different
times about the about the chips and I
think we were both there at that
shareholder meeting. I went and looked
through my selfies. I don't know if I
got one. I maybe it's on your phone. I
don't know. At any rate, uh, chips when
I first heard it, I said, "Well,
unfortunately, it's impossible. There is
only so many companies that can make
chips of this caliber specifically like
two or three and only two of them are
actually doing it at the time. Intel had
stepped back from it and it is that
hard. It is that big of a challenge. But
then they partnered with Intel and
things started to look more interesting.
Specifically, I thought that originally
it was just a threat to get competition
back in gear and to that end it did
work. But now it appears that they're
actually moving forward with it. What's
going on? Tell me all about these chips,
man. What are we doing here?
&gt;&gt; Well, this is a project like no other.
Um, the Terra Fabe is what you're
speaking about is very ambitious and
like you said, it's born out of
necessity and when something is born out
of necessity, it sort of forces you to
like Elon does with everything is focus
on first principles to try to solve the
problem. Uh, so there's a number of
things we can look at here in terms of
the roles that they're hiring already
hiring for.
uh roles for terra fab based in Austin.
Um one of them I think is in Palo Alto
but of the 35 I think 34 of them are
Austinbased. Um the ambition is
absolutely enormous. The fact I think
that they will also line up I think some
pretty important players. You mentioned
Intel. Um I think I personally think
that Nvidia would be a fool not to be
involved. Uh so we'll see how that
develops. Also, I would say that um I
watched last night a CNBC special on uh
SKH Heinix,
South Korean company that builds memory,
and they literally had the government
move mountains, move a mountain to
create enough flat land to build their
uh next fabs that they're they're going
to invest $400 billion dollars into.
&gt;&gt; Wow.
&gt;&gt; To create more memory chips. And what
was interesting is when the chairman of
SKHEX was asked about expanding into the
United States, he seemed very skeptical
about the ability for them to do that.
They're open to it. Of course, that's
the right answer to say that they're
open. But when pressed a little bit, he
seemed to indicate that he didn't feel
that the United States had the talent,
the people, the knowledge, the knowhow
to build memory chips.
&gt;&gt; Is he wrong?
&gt;&gt; That remains to be seen.
Well, historically, I mean, the US has
built chips for a long time. Intel has
had its fab in the US since forever, but
they fell out of first place. They were
doing really well for a long time. The
NBA's got a little too ambitious in
their involvement and uh made some
mistakes that wound up costing them more
over the long term. The first step to
all of this, though, is answer me this
question. I think it's a pretty easy
one. Did Tesla and SpaceX's partnership
uh announcement that they're going to
get into cutting edge chip fabrication
spur the competition to increase their
supply?
&gt;&gt; I think it if it hasn't yet, I think it
will.
&gt;&gt; They both announced Samsung and TSMC
announced additional expansions in the
US for their fabs. That to me is already
a win.
&gt;&gt; That's right. And by the way, uh, some
work that that Phil BL and others have
done have basically shown that one terap
is not enough. So even if these
companies massively accelerate their
expansion plans, what's nice about that
is it might buy Elon a bit more time to
get Terap up and running, which is
probably not a bad thing because the
enormity of this task is is crazy.
&gt;&gt; It is,
&gt;&gt; right? So if you can buy yourself
another year or two, then you've done
well. And those companies building those
advanced chip fabs today does mean they
will have a head start if Tesla executes
flawlessly everything flawlessly. It
does buy them a couple years. Uh and
during that time they can absolutely
make hay. Uh so in terms of the real
cost you said SK is looking to spend 400
billion dollars to flatten land and
build the new uh chip fabrication
facility. We know uh TSMC and Samsung
have spent hundreds of billions or or
will have spent hundreds of billions on
theirs. Tesla and SpaceX believe they
can do it leaner. How realistic is that?
&gt;&gt; If it was anybody but Elon, I would say
it's totally unrealistic. I think TSMC
is projected to spend about $290 billion
in Arizona on their FBS. SKHEX is four
FBS for 400 billion. Some big numbers.
&gt;&gt; Some big numbers,
&gt;&gt; right? And so can Elon build terraab for
119 billion is the highest number I've
seen so far. Probably not. It'll
probably be more than that. And by the
way, that terapab is never really
finished. Uh all these fabs, you're
constantly, you know, just like we've
seen with Giga Texas, they're constantly
making changes and improving it and
adding equipment and so on. So the the
capital expense continues
&gt;&gt; forever. Forever. And that is the thing
with a Tesla factory. I joked with Joe
Tagmire in a video recently. I said,
"I'm watching your drone footage and I
see they're bringing in new equipment.
What? I thought it was done." And he had
a good laugh because that's not a thing.
It's never done. Uh so in terms of the
cost, I appreciate hearing that it is
likely to have cost overruns because
that budget was already surprisingly
low. But as long as you can begin
production, as long as you can start
having products go out the door in terms
of now, we talked about job postings are
already up, but they're breaking ground
in both Giga Texas on the on the
compound there in Austin and on uh in
Grimes County. Uh what's going on there?
&gt;&gt; Well, in Giga Texas, I think we'll
probably see first steel pretty soon.
&gt;&gt; Uh
&gt;&gt; by the time this airs, it may it may
have already reached that point. It may
have. I certainly been working on the
foundations in Grimes County. Uh they've
been clearing the land and Joe TechMy
has done a great job. I took a drone out
there and and got some great footage.
They've done quite a bit of work in
clearing the land. It's it's heavily
forested uh plot of land. At least half
of it appears to be heavily forested. Um
so they've been working on that. That'll
take some time to clear the land and
then of course flatten it out and then
start working on the foundation. That's
going to be fascinating to watch just
how big that that foundation is. Um, and
Brian, I'm looking forward to you to
count the columns again like you did
with Giga Texas.
&gt;&gt; I don't know, man. I don't know. Those
are a whole lot of work. Uh, but the
thing on that construction is, and I
can't believe they're playing the
greatest hits, but the skeptics looked
at it and said, "That's not
construction. They're pushing dirt
around." And I said, "Is it 2019? Are
you looking at the drone footage from
Shanghai?" because that's exactly what
they said.
&gt;&gt; I don't know if any of you viewers out
there know how construction works, but
first you clear the land and push the
dirt around and then you put the
foundations in and build it. So that is
to me at least a pretty logical first
step. Push some dirt. I I don't know.
&gt;&gt; Steel in a forest that that's gets to be
quite difficult. It can be difficult to
put steel just just dodge the trees,
man. How hard could it be,
&gt;&gt; right?
&gt;&gt; Uh, ridiculous is what that would be. By
the way, we're not done with this
conversation, but I did want to take a
quick uh intermission here to mention
that uh you can, should you choose to
subscribe both to me and to Cern
Basher's channel. Uh this is uh a very
silly uh bit of AI that was generated. I
say, "Hey, you know what? uh, can you
make it look more like us? And it's the
same picture but with smaller eyes. And
now I'm apparently have no hair instead
of four or five remaining. And I pointed
out, no, no, I I do have more hair than
that. And it said, okay, you've got a
full head of hair, Brian. You're now a
werewolf. Uh, so that's us. You can
subscribe. uh because CERN does uh great
work again both on X where he posts
frequent frequently and with tremendous
depth of analysis and on his YouTube
channel links in the description all
that good stuff. So on this uh the
logistics of chip manufacturing is
challenging. TSMC found that they were
unable to get certain elements uh
certain compound get the acid of
sufficient uh purity to actually make
their chip fabs work. The US is going to
have to reinvent parts of the supply
chain that either never existed or have
been deprecated to the point where they
need to be reinvented. How much of a
challenge does that pose? You suppose
&gt;&gt; I think we have to assume it's going to
be quite challenging. Um, and I'm going
to be interested to see how much of this
supply chain SpaceX and Tesla decide to
vertically integrate just like they just
like Tesla's done on the EV side.
&gt;&gt; Um, you know, how much of this will be
necessary for them to tackle on their
own,
&gt;&gt; right?
&gt;&gt; It's one thing to say we're going to
build, you know, chips and memory and
packaging in one factory, which has
never been done before, but to your
point, what else is there that they're
going to find that they also need to to
solve,
&gt;&gt; right? Will they need to buy a company
that makes special seismic equipment
mounts perhaps? I have no idea, but
that's just the kind of little tiny
details that are easy to overlook. Uh
that can make or break it.
&gt;&gt; The other thing I think that is is nice
and instructive is they're building this
advanced technology fab and the Austin
campus and that's kind of their test
facility to rapidly iterate on different
ideas. And it sounds like Elon
conceptually has some very different
ideas about how semiconductors can be
made. Whether it's on the
&gt;&gt; whether it's on the EUV lithography side
and different technology there or just
this whole idea of being able to eat a
cheeseburger and smoke a cigar in a chip
factory,
&gt;&gt; right?
&gt;&gt; I don't know if I'm
allowed to share it, but I have uh it
has been explained to me how that would
work. And as soon as it was explained to
me, I said, "Yeah, that actually would
do it." Uh because but I I'm not I don't
know what I'm allowed to share on that.
Uh so there are a number of things. And
this is just like Tesla's uh philosophy
on I asked a worker, why is the R&amp;D
spend so low? Shouldn't your R&amp;D spend
be five, 10 times higher? And he said,
oh yeah, yeah, yeah. It's [snorts]
because we're all R&amp;D.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. We're all doing the R&amp;D every day.
And if we're not providing some R&amp;D,
what are we doing? They will. So you are
encouraged to participate in the
refinement. No, no, no. Not encouraged.
We are required. If somebody doesn't
ever put in ideas, the boss will say,
"Quick question. Do you think things are
perfect here or could they be better?
How could they be better? What could we
do to make this safer, more efficient,
more affordable? Eliminate a step." And
sometimes you'll get really bad ideas
and sometimes you'll get amazing ones.
And this isn't to say that Elon is some
super genius. Oh my gosh, he's a very
smart man. He's a very clever engineer.
But if you wish to hate him, you can
still hate him and recognize that his
engineers are really, really good. And
you might have someone from Drivetrain
who comes over to autonomy and says,
"Could we do it this way?"
And sometimes those crazy ideas that
seem really dumb at first blush, you sit
back and go, "Wait a minute." That might
actually work. And that's one of the
ways Tesla's been able to have
breakthroughs. While at other companies,
they tell the employee to stay in your
lane. This ain't your department, buddy.
And
&gt;&gt; the the other interesting thing too,
Brian, is I've heard a story about
SpaceX uh in terms of building these
data centers. Uh I think this was
according to semi analysis. They said
that at the Colossus uh 2 site, Macroh
harder and mini hard, there's about
3,000 workers that go to that site every
day. And they said at a similarly sized
site somewhere else, I'm not sure where
it was, maybe a couple of them, that the
number of workers going into those sites
is more like 10,000 a day. So somehow
Elon is able to build these data centers
faster with less people.
&gt;&gt; That's uh unsurprising to me, I guess,
is how I'd say it. when you saw the
cable management uh beauty, the absolute
feast for the eyes that was the cable
management at Cortex 1, uh I knew that
somebody there was really paying
attention. And then when you found out
that, oh yeah, we stood it up in a month
at a at a cluster size previously
considered unworkable,
uh you knew they were on to something.
So uh I think that's a good place to
wind it up, guys. It's chips. There's a
lot to know. So, what did we miss? What
do we misunderstand? Leave it in them
comments. You got to realize the videos
where we try to make you a little
smarter. The comments are where you try
to make us smarter. Although on some
videos I do ask for wrong answers. On
those, the objective is to make us
dumber, but with a laugh. Uh, not today.
We want to be smarter. So guys, what did
uh what do we do? What do we got to do?
What do we got to fix this? Do we need
to address more of your concerns? Let's
find out. Everybody else, like,
subscribe, do what you do. Stay tuned
and juicy. And I cannot wait to hear
from you clever robots in this our
exciting future. Uh check out CERN's
channel.