Channel:     electrified
Title:       Wow, This Could Pull Forward the Optimus Timeline ⚡️
URL:         https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hmXTueFd7k0
Published:   2026-09-17 23:18 UTC
Fetched:     2026-09-18 00:00 UTC

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Welcome to Electrified. It's your host,
Dylan Lumis. Believe it or not, what
figure released today has actually given
me more optimism and encouragement that
we could start to see some useful
humanoids in human homes sometime next
year. And one that could actually be
somewhat generally useful, not just a
project for gathering data. What Figure
did here, they basically rented out 30
different homes and put their Figure 03
robots in these locations with zero
prior training, zero data collection,
and zero fine-tuning to any of these
locations. And then gave each robot
instructions to clean the home, things
like picking up objects, folding towels,
making a bed, and then they let the
robots go to work to see how successful
they would be. And arguably from a
software perspective, generalizing these
humanoids has been the holy grail of
figuring out this problem. And you can
call me naive if you'd like, but I am
still of the belief that Tesla will have
more advanced software and data training
capabilities than Figure has. But no,
that's not based in Opium. It's based on
what we've seen over the past decade
with Tesla developing FSD and its
simulations, its world models, all of
the trials and tribulations it's gone
through behind the scenes developing
this software as Tesla's engineers have
told us numerous times that is going to
be a big advantage that will largely
carry over to Optimus. So yeah, what
Figure showed us today that they can
transfer over some of these learnings
into completely unfamiliar places I
think is a big deal. And so when figure
says zero shot that just means these are
totally unfamiliar homes and objects in
the homes. So in figures results they
saw 56% complete task success rates
overall. And we can compare that to
roughly 8 or 9% without figures index
pre-training. The specific numbers were
62% for towel folding, 40% success for
picking up toys and 67% for making beds.
And if you missed it, Figur's index
program is really just Figure training
its AI from a large collection of videos
of real people doing realworld tasks.
It's just Figure's new data collection
program. Real people are getting paid to
record themselves doing real activities.
And very clearly based on the numbers
Figure shared, that program is already
leading to much improved real world
success rates. So again without this
index data collection program where the
models would start from scratch we were
looking at roughly 9% success rates but
with index again this foundation model
that is learned from all of that human
activity that number jumped up to 56%.
So if this trajectory continues then the
point is Tesla wouldn't need this
prefleet of thousands of humanoids
gathering their own data. This release
from Figure today shows us that these
humanoid robots can actually learn from
humans doing tasks on their own, which
can obviously shorten the training and
production timelines. Because we know
early on Elon said Optimus production is
going to be painfully slow. So, it's
going to take a long time for them to
get to 10,000 humanoids. But this
breakthrough means the training of those
humanoids can happen well before they're
even built. And importantly, Figure
called out that their prediction error
rates did fall smoothly, correlated with
them adding more and more of this
pre-training data. Meaning, as Figure
scales this index program and continues
to gather more data from around the
world, these error rates should continue
to slow down. That's what the data is
saying right now, which yes, is a pretty
big takeaway. These robots can now learn
from humans doing tasks. The robots
don't necessarily need to do them
themselves first. Now, to balance this
out, of course, the data tells us that
about 44% of these tasks were still
unsuccessful even with the index
pre-training data. But that's why I'm
confident saying that perhaps sometime
next year, those figures are down to
maybe 15 or 20% where it's unsuccessful,
which for a certain subset of the
population would be totally acceptable
to have one of these humanoids in their
home. And now, yes, safety questions,
liability, and all that is a separate
factor, but strictly from how useful
these humanoids can be, this feels like
a significant step from a generalization
standpoint. Now, I also think it's fair
to call out that we only got three
different tasks. So, the question
becomes, how long will it take figure to
maybe get to 10 to 20 different tasks in
different homes? Now, yes, at this point
we know very little about what Tesla is
doing for its data collection for
Optimus, but obviously it would not be
hard for Tesla to start its own program
just like figures doing with index. And
yes, it's somewhat easy to brush this
aside because the robots are still
moving pretty slow. They're not perfect
with picking things up every time. And
again, it's really only three activities
and picking up these simple toys in an
otherwise clean room shouldn't be that
much of a challenge. But as we know with
humanoids, it's incredibly difficult for
these robots to control their entire
bodies through space. And yes, the bed
making is really just them repositioning
pillows and arranging or tightening the
bedspread. This is not like changing the
sheets or dealing with a fitted sheet,
nothing like that. And as you could see
in parts of the video, Brett was messing
with the humanoids a little bit, moving
the toy around as it was going to pick
it up or throwing a towel that was
recently folded right back in front of
the robot on top of another one. So
clearly trying to drive the point home
about this generalization. And so look,
if the stats that Figure shared are
accurate, then this index pre-training
is absolutely working. So over the next
12 months, if they include even bigger
index training runs and continually add
new tasks into the mix, then there is a
world where sometime toward the end of
next year, depending on how much
liability these companies want to take
on, they could have a reasonably useful
humanoid doing a select number of tasks
in your home. And again, call me crazy,
but if Figure can do it, then I'm still
quite confident Tesla can do it, too.
With the holidays somehow already right
around the corner, I figured it'd be a
good time to share some of the new
products that Extter just dropped, the
sponsor of this video. Many of you know
I've used this same Extter wallet now
for years. It really is just that good.
Has the Apple Air Tag slot built in so I
can track it anywhere. The quick card
fan feature for easy access that somehow
keeps all of the cards locked in even
when it's shaken upside down. There's a
spot for some cash and it's just been
perfect for me. And they now have the
all-new wallet pro which can hold up to
14 cards and cash made out of premium
viceta leather. It's ultras slim if you
don't want the Air Tag slot. And I'm
planning to give this one to my wife
because she loves these wallets and is
obsessed with green. Importantly, since
she loses nearly everything, I'm putting
this new and improved tracker card in it
for her because this one works with
Apple Find My and Google's Find Hub and
it offers worldwide tracking with map
view and a pretty loud ring. And for
travel, Extter has the Travel Pack
Vacuum Kit Pro, which I'll take on every
single trip now. And one of the bags
I'll take empty to put my dirty clothes
in for the way home to save space and to
seal in odors, which has actually been a
really nice quality of life upgrade. And
right now, Extter is running its early
holiday sale, so you can get up to 57%
off on the Travel Vacuum Kit Pro through
November 2nd. And using my code
electrified 20 will get you an extra 20%
off on top. You can use my link in the
description below or you can use the QR
code on the screen. Speaking of Optimus,
there are all kinds of rumors right now
coming out of China about what Tesla's
doing. But I'm here to pour cold water
on the fact that Tesla is expecting
50,000 Optimi to roll off the assembly
line in 2026 for deployment across
Gigafactories worldwide. I have to say
that line alone has me throwing out
effectively any trust in this Ming
account on X. Let me be very clear. The
chances of Tesla producing 50,000 optimi
this year is 0.1%. And the only reason I
say 0.1 is because never say never. But
if you wanted to tell me that Tesla is
establishing the supply chain for 50,000
units that they could deploy sometime
over the next 12 months, that's a
different story. And of course, if
Tesla's planning on starting Optimus
production this year, then it needs to
establish the supply chain now. And so
this rumor that Tesla executives have
arrived in China to begin the final
round of factory audits across the
Optimus supply chain, that's absolutely
believable. But again, Ming then says
largecale mass production in October. So
perhaps production starts in October,
but it's going to be very slow, very
small scale. There have been some
reports about Tesla's US EV market share
going back up over the past few months.
So I wanted to zoom out a bit and put
that into context. What you see here at
the top is Tesla's share of US EV sales
by quarter. And then at the bottom we
have the overall electric share of all
US new vehicle sales also by quarter.
Then the gray shaded background shows us
the market share after the EV tax credit
was removed. And then the blue shaded
background breaks down monthly readings
just to give us the most recent two
months of data we have for July and
August. So that breaks away from the
quarterly readings. So a lot of those
reports that you may have been seeing
was showing Tesla's US EV market share
for year-to-ate figures, meaning January
through August. Said another way would
roughly be looking at Q1 and Q2 where
Tesla's market share will just average
it around 52%. But if you go back and
look at Q1 and Q2 last year, Tesla's
market share was right around 44%. So
yes, after the EV tax credit went away,
Tesla's market share has been higher
than last year. Now, part of the jump
between Q3 and Q4 last year was an
influx of orders in Q3 to beat the
deadline, and some of those deliveries
fell into Q4. But in this post EV tax
credit world, Tesla's market share is
staying above 50% consistently. Whereas
for most of 2024 and 2025, it was below
50%, trending right around 45%. But
perhaps the most depressing data point
of all is that the overall EV sales in
the US have now leveled out at around
5.8%.
So on one hand, you could be optimistic
and say, well, once the other 95% of
people in the US realize that EVs are a
better way to go, that will only mean
great things for Tesla because they have
the superior offerings and Legacy Auto
has pulled back. But you could also make
a strong pessimistic argument that the
US is just really not going to adopt EVs
at scale anytime soon. But for Tesla's
market share looking excellent, FSD is
catching on. It's just to be fully
accurate, we do have to take into
consideration the lower overall US EV
sales numbers. If you didn't see Tesla's
latest robo taxi safety data in the
month of July, Tesla did have two
incidents where it was at fault. Both
were minor. One was the robo taxi
squeezing around a stopped shuttle bus
in a hotel driveway and it hit a metal
ballard. And the second one was the robo
taxi turning right out of a parking lot
into a lowhanging metal chain blocking
the exit. So I don't love that because
that's just confirmation that V15 in
this 40% complete state, whatever that
means from Tesla, has still not figured
out this chain or thin horizontal object
issue. And as you can see, both of those
were in Austin. And since robo taxi
inception, Tesla now has 26 incidents
reported, 11 of which were Tesla's
fault, 13 are the fault of someone else,
and two were no fault. One was a dog,
one was uneven pavement. And if you
didn't know, on the dashboard linked
below, you can click these events to get
more information on exactly what
happened. So if you're curious about the
dog story, it's all right in there. When
it comes to Nitsa's investigation into
Tesla's Cyber Cab, question 21, the end
of it, Nitsa is asking Tesla to provide
a detailed explanation of how the Cyber
Cab complies without any exemption under
that part 555. So, this right here is
Nitsa saying, "We have already warned
you that fully driverless vehicles with
no manual controls are one going to need
rule changes or two are going to require
that exemption, the part 555, which
we've been covering all year. Tesla
self-certified saying, "Hey, we're going
to sidestep all of this by arguing that
certain things like a physical brake
pedal don't apply to the Cyber Cab." But
part of the reason I think this is the
biggest risk for Tesla right now is
because Nitsa already went over this
just a few years back. They outright
said their current certification
guidance said that a vehicle without a
brake pedal could not be self-certified.
And that's actually part of why that
part 555 exemption existed to begin
with. That was going to be the path
until all of these rules were updated
for fully controlless vehicles. And it's
true that more recently Nitsa agreed
with Zuks in saying that brake pedals
are not required for robo taxi
operation, but they still forced them to
go through the exemption process, which
brings that 2500 unit annual cap back
into play. So with all of that data, I
think there's at least a chance that
Nitsa is going to try to say, "Hey
Tesla, you cannot just say this doesn't
apply to you because that's not how it
works until the rest of these FMVSS are
actually updated." But again, Tesla has
until September 30th to answer all of
these questions. Today, we learned that
Forum Mobility is going to break ground
on four new electric charging depots
across California. And they said Tesla
will operate public mega charging sites
at three locations. And as we learned
earlier this year, Forum has contracted
for fleet offtake of over 330 Tesla
semis. So obviously doing it this way
for Tesla means Tesla has to do less
development work. As we know for these
truck charging depots, you have to have
land, space, permits, utility
connections, and the electrical
infrastructure in place. And Forum
already has a lot of that in quality
locations. So effectively, Tesla can
just slide right into that pipeline. And
then further doing it this way, Forum
already leases trucks and semiis and
will sign charging commitments with
different carriers. So this will be on a
route that both Tesla semis and other
electric semiis can use. Now
unfortunately at this point we don't
have anything when it comes to the cost
sharing arrangement between Tesla and
foreign mobility, but we do know Tesla
will still maintain operations of these
mega charging sites. And then this video
was shared by the bluecollar millionaire
of an interview with one of the Tesla
Semi representatives who's been driving
around a demo Tesla Semi. And in the
interview, the Tesla rep said that it's
not off the table for Tesla to develop a
sleeper cab. He said obviously it takes
time to roll out this public
infrastructure to support that type of
use case. And he said if a customer
orders a Tesla Semi now, of course, they
could then customize the truck because
they own it as there is some space in
the back of the cab today. But it
sounded like once the public charging
infrastructure is more robust, then
Tesla might indeed finally bring a
sleeper cab into production inhouse. And
then in the video, you could see the
storage compartment in the longer range
Tesla Semi. So, in case all of you
haven't seen that before, I figured that
was worth pointing out. But yes, this is
the portion that is removed on the
standard range. And that's because the
long range variant has a 200in
wheelbase, whereas the standard range is
163 in. But I will have the full
interview linked below if you're into
trucking. I think you'll find it quite
interesting. And the Tesla rep did say
while they don't have an official range
statement for how far this truck could
go on bobtail, meaning without a
trailer, he said it would go very far.
And if I had to guess, I would say maybe
without a trailer. The long range could
go upwards of 900 miles. Now, that's
just some back and forth with me and AI
to try to get an estimate, but worth
pointing out. And today, we learned IMC
Logistics, the largest marine dreage
provider in the US, announced plans to
deploy 50 Tesla Semis in California. IMC
will receive a combination of standard
range and long range Tesla Semis. The
standard range models will support DRA
operations in California, while the long
range trucks will operate between
Southern California and inland
destinations. So, for now, this is
perfect Tesla semi work because these
routes are short, they're predictable,
and they get the trucks back home where
they can charge much easier than long
haul routes. And usually, you'll see
these Dage routes pulling those 20 or 40
foot ocean containers. And in that
interview with the older variant of the
Tesla Semi, I did think it was
interesting they're using those older
versions for the demo vehicles, we know
Tesla now has production semiis coming
off the line, but the backlog is already
so long, likely well into 2027, that
every production Tesla semi is actually
going to a customer. And you would think
for all of these demos where Tesla is
showing off the Semi, they would want
the latest variant. But it's pretty
clear the team is very confident the
demand is going to exceed production
capacity for the foreseeable future. As
Sawyer pointed out, the Lamar School
District in Houston has unanimously
approved moving forward with a tax
incentive agreement for Tesla's project
Crystal Sun, the massive 100 gawatt
solar manufacturing location, which is
set to begin construction this year and
finish in 2028 with commercial
operations expected to start Q1 2029.
Whimo said today it's restarted its robo
taxi service in San Antonio, five months
after one of its vehicles was swept away
during a flash flood. The resumed
service in San Antonio will involve
dozens of vehicles covering a 60-mile
area that includes downtown and the San
Antonio International Airport. But what
they didn't say is now some of these
higher risk streets for flooding are
either going to be avoided altogether or
they're going to be restricted during
high rain, which I think is a tell that
Whimo didn't fully solve the problem.
Meaning the brain is now not actually
smarter. It's just one of those band-aid
type workaround solutions. We have
Samsung beginning trial production of
Tesla's AI5. So the Taylor Texas Fab is
up and running with this test
production. But as we've known,
full-scale production and seeing an AI5
chip in a Tesla vehicle, if at all, is
not going to happen until well into
2027. And the word for now is that these
chips are going to start in Optimus. And
SpaceX said it's now targeting September
28th for Starship Flight 14. But I need
to wrap it up there for today. So Tesla
closed at $366.20,
up 2.27%.
And SpaceX closed at $154.81. 81 up 2.6%
all while the NDX was up 1.73%.
Don't forget check out Extter's early
holiday sale linked below. I really do
enjoy all of the products I've had the
pleasure of trying and I think many of
you will too. Hope you all have a
wonderful day and a huge thank you to
all of my Patreon supporters.