Channel:     brighterwithherbert
Title:       BREAKING: WSJ Says Tesla Weighs Sale of China Business to Pave Way for MERGER
URL:         https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5KGqswDyKYA
Published:   2026-07-31 02:56 UTC
Fetched:     2026-07-31 04:00 UTC

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

There's the Tom Ford, right? The Tom
Ford.
&gt;&gt; Welcome everybody. We have an emergency
breaking cyber bulls episode here
because uh we've got Wall Street Journal
reporting right now that Tesla ways sale
of China business to pave way for
potential SpaceX merger. Alexandra, you
have been hinting several months ago
that that is one concern that if SpaceX
did merge with Tesla, one of the things
that they'd have to be considering about
is what did they do with Tesla China?
And uh here it goes. Uh Betty Becky
Peterson, Raphael Hang of Wall Street
Journal, this is what they're reporting.
Tell us what you are thinking about
this.
&gt;&gt; So there are a couple of there are a
couple of direct consequences of that.
First of all, I think this hints that
we're getting closer to a merger because
this is obviously and has always been
and I've said this since February and
we've had a special segment in April on
the cyber bulls on it. This has always
been the open question. What will happen
with Tesla China? And just let me also
stress this. This has been a question
also without the merger. What will
happen with Shanghai when it comes to
producing bots? Will they allow that
Tesla builds bots in China? What will
happen with Tesla FSD on Chinese roads?
the the political tension between the
United States and China puts this
subject on the table. And I think
whoever fed Becky Patterson, who I know
personally because I've had two
interviews with her, um, and who is
I mean, not an Elon Lab, that's for
sure, but she would never put this out,
especially in the Wall Street Journal.
was in the in the um the information
before, but she would never put this out
if she wouldn't have very very good
sources for that. So, I I don't believe
a second that this is wrong. Um and do
understand how she how she phrased it.
She didn't say they're selling. They
weigh a sale. They weigh a sale to pave
the way for potential merger. So, two
aspects to this. First of all, the
merger. If you have one of these huge
questions that investors may ask once
you announce the merger, what do you do?
Well, you launch the question a couple
of now shall I say days or short weeks,
I don't know, before the merger
announcement because that way this is
now in the open space. This will be
discussed and people will digest this.
The second aspect of this is this has
now suddenly become a topic for China
because now China has to decide what do
they want to do. Do they want to
continue having Tesla as the leader on
Chinese grounds, least grounds, but
grounds nevertheless, um, and let them
do everything, meaning what I just
discussed, the open things, will they
let them use FSD on Chinese cars and
collect data and everything that comes
with it. And in a second step, much more
important, will they allow bot produ
production in China? Because now the t
the the the question is on the table and
President Xi will have to make a
decision. Does he want all of Tesla on
Chinese ground and can live with the
fact that this will be an entity linked
closely or even integrated closely into
SpaceX even though it can be firewalled.
I'm sure um Jeff is going to discuss
that in a second. Or are we come to the
point that well it was beautiful while
it lasted. Tesla has taught the Chinese
a lot about EV production and about
technology and cars and it's time now to
leave China because the next biggest
goals for Tesla cannot be done there.
This is actually more for China to
decide than anything. But it's on the
table now and since it's on the table
now, this balloon is out there and will
not overshadow the merger announcement.
&gt;&gt; Thank you, Alexander. will read the
article. Um, this first paragraph says
that Elon has been preparing for this in
case a geopolitical event occurs. He
wanted to ensure that in the event of a
geopolitical strife between the two
countries, at least the US half of Tesla
would survive. Jeeoff, this uh I think
you tell me the exact numbers, but I
understand that 19% of Tesla's revenue
is Tesla China. I think 40 plus% of US
car sales is Tesla China.
&gt;&gt; We were unit sales, not US. Not US.
Yeah. unit sales.
Yeah. Is in China. And we were all
expecting uh that maybe robo taxi would
roll out, robots would be built there.
Um how big of a hit would this be for
Tesla as they merge between the two
companies?
&gt;&gt; Yeah. So, let's rewind back. This is a
news article. This is, you know, this is
information that's out there. This is
why we're we're discussing. It's a
reputable it's it's the Wall Street
Journal. It's a major news outlet. And
as Alexander described and I'll describe
too that this is not we're not nobody's
proposing this, nobody's advocating for
this. We're describing a news story and
the implications on what it could mean.
So number one, uh there's not a decision
that's made. I think when companies are
in these potential situations, merger
scenarios, they have to understand all
the different outcomes of what could
happen. Okay? And this could be one of
the outcomes that they have to plan for
China. If you look at Tesla's valuation
and if you look at its multiple it, you
know, and Elon has described this
before, you know, car sales very quickly
get to a very low number of the multiple
and the, you know, majority of it if not
all of it is going to be on AI AIdriven
whether it's it's robo taxi and
eventually the hardware and AI behind
Optimus. So I think what I think people
need to separate the conversations. I'm
seeing some of the comments of oh this
is half a Tesla car sales. It's like
there's no decision that's being made
today. I think if there is truth to this
story I think this is something that the
company has to explore as a potential uh
avenue. again both uh on the regulator
side remember we have CPHAS we have ITAR
we have US regulations
that when you merge a company like
SpaceX together with this you you there
are national security implications so
and there's different ways that all of
this could be approached this may not
need to happen but it would be
irresponsible for the company to not
explore it and maybe to not put the
trial balloon out there to understand
that this is a potential thing like what
is does it mean for our company? Are we
ready to do this? And and I think
getting this out there to kind of test
the waters is part of is just part of
that process. But we'll see how it plays
out. But no decision has been made. This
is an article that's on the internet. It
just came out. It's getting a lot of
attention. It affects a lot of Tesla, a
lot of the business, but it doesn't mean
that you shouldn't think of it in terms
of Tesla's future valuation. And Tesla's
future valuation is on autonomy and it's
on robots. It's automation and it's
robots. Autonomy, robots. That's Tesla's
forward valuation. Now, there's a lot of
cars in that mix, too. And by the way,
we would we don't know how this
relationship could actually work. There
could be tremendous amount of licensing
too if there was a separate entity uh
between the two. And sometimes, you
know, the brand is retain. There's all
different kinds of ways that this could
play out. And I think we would just be,
you know, all over the place if we would
if we would, you know, try to, you know,
land on one scenario versus another. But
this is a news article. It's probably
something that could be getting explored
if there is a merger. So there's
probably some truth to it. We'll see.
Maybe it's it could be it could be
totally fake news, but if there is
serious merger conversation, this is
probably a serious scenario that they do
have to explore.
&gt;&gt; Let's let's read the article. So she
says now some Tesla executives have been
told to prepare for a separation of the
China business ahead of a potential
merger. A person familiar with those
stock just a person and Tesla advisers
have discussed possible options for a
separation including spin-off sale or
closure. another person said. I mean,
sure. I mean, they probably have done
that regardless, just in case. Any of
those moves could have a profound impact
in Tesla, whose Chinese operation
transformed it into consistently
profitable global mass market electric
vehicle leader and potentially impact
its valuation if a SpaceX merger were to
happen. It's unclear how quickly Tesla
could spin out or sell. So, they don't
know when. We're not saying now. Da da
da. Uh Musk has talked about the
crossover potential between the two
companies in recent months. Okay.
Obviously, we can't talk. Yeah. Okay.
He's just rehashing. Separating Tesla's
China operations, including an EV
factory there, would address potential
conflicts arising from SpaceX work as a
major US defense contractor. Such a deal
would aim to create a firewall. Yeah.
So, does is it a done deal? Do you guys
think that this has to happen if there
is a merger
&gt;&gt; because of these?
&gt;&gt; No. No. No. And the article doesn't say
it's a done deal. So, let's
&gt;&gt; No, no. I I mean to say that if there is
a merger that then they would have to
separate the two
&gt;&gt; or there's ways that they could still
manage it.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. They could very well firewall it
and there have been many companies that
were successfully firewalling it.
&gt;&gt; Boeing is an example, right?
&gt;&gt; Yes. But I mean that the question is if
you're firewall but you are only limited
to car production and not to bot
production or whatever. I think this is
just a moment to make it very clear with
the Chinese government how much Tesla
can do and how much they let will let
them do which could be everything and
then that's wonderful and then they
wouldn't oppose the the the merger in
that um in that framework or if it is
better to call it a night and that would
not be as horrible as people think. Now
let me quickly address that because I
think we want to do that early here and
we shall discuss all the details
afterwards. I have people going all over
the place. Oh my god, the stock will
tank. Well, actually I think there'll be
two forces tomorrow. There'll be the
forces like mine who are reassured this
merger is in front of the door and
obviously a merger should bring a
substantial uh improvement in Tesla's
stock price. So they may actually be
pulling up on that side. And there may
be people who will think, "Oh my god, so
and so many% of car units may not be in
Tesla's accounts anymore. So we have to
revalue the company and it should go
down." So you will and I cannot tell you
maybe any of you can tell me what will
happen. I actually do believe the merger
scenario is going to win. Now we saw
actually an appreciation already after
market tonight. But do also remember
that is due because Korea is
appreciating a lot after all the
craziness they've been going through for
the last couple of days.
Let's read the article a little bit
more. It says Tesla China has already
has some autonomy. Employees more or
less more or less work together around
the globe and the top executive China
Tom Drew oversees all of Tesla's global
automotive business. If Tom was in
charge of all of China, it would have
been very clear that when they separated
it, Tom would still maybe, right, run
it. But do you think that that's the
most likely scenario? Tom would end up
running this separate entity.
&gt;&gt; Could be.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Uh, okay. It would trigger intense
scrutiny from Beijing given that major
US defense contractor would control
Tesla's factories in China.
That would be uh Tesla SpaceX SpaceX.
So, in the last week, SpaceX just won
more uh deals with flying rockets for
the government, US government, and the
US government just recently put
restrictions on bringing in robots from
all sorts of robots. Even somebody said
the Roomba can't be sold to the US
anymore. So, is this like Yeah. All of
that just happened. So, it's much more
clear that this has to happen.
&gt;&gt; I also don't believe Sorry, go ahead,
Jeff. No, sorry. I was going to say I
don't think people understand the other
side of this that was just described
that China may not want a US defense
contractor to have its footing uh in in
China. I think that's something that
Elon could could work through given his
high level contacts there, but maybe
not. So I I think it's responsible if if
there is truth to this, it it would be
logical that Tesla is at least
internally planning for this scenario
and trying to understand it.
&gt;&gt; Exactly. And I I also want to stress
this is not like it's sold tomorrow for
$0. First of all, it's not going to be
tomorrow. It is not for $0. This is if
it is going to be sold, it's going to be
sold at high value. But the the point is
this had to be brought out to public
knowledge before a merger announcement.
That is that is the the the the most
important of today. So that at the
moment of the merger announcement people
are not going to do yeah nice merger but
what's going to happen to Tesla China
and then there is no answer. Right?
Doing this now allows for people to
think this through. Not so they're still
producing cars tomorrow. They're still
producing mega packs tomorrow, but it
allows the topic to be out of the way
once the merger announcement. And it
puts, I say that again, it puts actually
the ball to the Chinese who now have to
make a decision. What do they want to do
with this?
&gt;&gt; Okay. So, we know that the SpaceX
earnings call is on Tuesday. We're
talking four days from now or whatever,
you know, like less than a week. And
Alexander, you're basically standing
alone at this point because you're the
only person that has been saying that
you still believe that a merger
announcement will happen sooner than
later. You've been saying somewhere in
August. A lot of people have already
said no. No. I think as far as I know,
they know it's going to happen that
there will be a merger. There will be an
announcement, but they don't think it's
going to happen this month. They'll wait
until more of the lock share lockups of
SpaceX comes out. Given that this is a
timing here, a coincidence that this
came out today, four days before the
earnings call or do you Alexander now
think actually this is another
breadcrumb with this coming out today?
Much more likely that they will make the
announcement next week is what you're
saying. Well, next week, I don't know.
Honestly, I can't nail it down to a day
because it will depend on the stock
prices on both prices of SpaceX and
Tesla. More on SpaceX actually.
Do we all expect we tape today the Cyber
Bull show that airs tomorrow morning and
we all said in there there are maybe
huge contracts coming for SpaceX in the
next couple of days. So, it is
impossible for me to nail it down to
what day it is. They obviously know the
good news they're going to bring over
the next couple of days. Will all that
good news be out there on the fourth?
Will they let then for two days the
early investors out on the 6th? Right?
That's that first lockup window where
early investors can get out and then
announce it afterwards. That was my most
probable scenario. So that could be the
week of August 9th right in in that
week. But can I nail it down to a day?
No, I cannot.
&gt;&gt; Okay. Okay. Let's read some more of the
article. um uh says that a potential
merger would likely trigger intense
scrutiny from Beijing. We talked about
that. Another concern for Beijing is
that a deal could put data of rough
China's roughly 2 million Tesla owners
in the hands of an American defense
company and of course control those cars
or that could be controlled uh in event
of a merger, Beijing would likely seek
Tesla's commitment and business guard
rails to prevent the influence of SpaceX
on Tesla China. I mean I think somebody
told me before when I asked this
question they said Boeing is a very good
example. They have a very clear
separation between the defense
contractor division and you know this
the airplane division or whatever. So
they can still sell to companies in
China and others. Um but the rare earth
materials there's there's many overlaps
aren't there beyond just the ones we're
talking about. There's Tesla has two
major factories, right? You got the EV
back and then you have the mega pack
factory. Uh Tesla's second largest
market after the US making up 18% of
sales the first half of 2026.
Uh boy um Tesla owns it full of it. So
then okay and then they Elon was
particularly concerned about Tesla's
dependence on China. We've been talking
about LFP. He's been bringing in uh on
US soil. He's been making that move
already. Anyways, Jeeoff, do you want to
speak a little bit about that of are
those moves still too early to say that
they've, you know, given them a Tesla
and others safe haven from China
conflict, right?
&gt;&gt; Well, I think I think those are the
right long-term moves for any company to
localize supply chain. So, merger, no
merger. um given you know I I mean
there's public discussions in you know
in China regarding you know the their
earliest readiness date you know for
potential moves in the in the straight
Taiwan uh with Taiwan so who knows
what's going to happen there we're not
here to speculate on that but comp from
a from a supply chain geopolitical
perspective uh the the world and the
best companies and the most agile
companies are moving towards collocation
of supply uh in in major regions versus
having this global supply chain. So, and
I'm just reading through the Boeing
structure now. Maybe I'll come back in
in a minute and just try to relay what
that what that looks like.
&gt;&gt; He's right. Boeing doesn't build planes
whereas Tesla builds vehicles. You're
absolutely correct. So, Boeing sells
planes. They don't build it there.
Correct. Okay. So, that's that's true.
&gt;&gt; Right. Right. And there's all, as
Alexander said, there's all kinds of
implications about robotics and sale of
product. Uh although arguably Tesla has
a method right now for
wheeled robots that are on the road
right now that are gathering
information, but they've come to an
agreement with the government for how to
do that safely and effectively. So
there's no there's nothing to say that
they couldn't continue to do that. But,
you know, the US just made a very big
move this week with uh bipedal humanoids
and these kind of four-wheel dog looking
I don't know why those were included,
but they were uh in terms of I guess I
do know um in terms of uh barring
imports of those from China. So the the
world does not necessarily know how to
properly as we advance with AI and we
advance with optics what we could have
firedwalled you know 10 years ago and
I've been a part of several programs
I've been acquired as a as a company
done you know firewalling between
countries and few locations you
basically you plug in your computer it
doesn't work you know in in that in that
location and there's ways to do it but
in the in the world of AI and in the
world of these advanced optics,
it makes it very easy to potentially
work around these firewalls. These
firewalls aren't necessarily made of
fire anymore with what's going on with
AI and cyber security. So, um, so what
that means is is this and and you have
to plan for this scenario. I I I'm
reading all the comments. Nobody's
advocating for something a sale of China
to happen tomorrow. Nobody's saying it's
it's good or it's bad. We're just like,
this is news. this is out there and
we're discussing uh what the
implications could be. Just the only
thing I will say is Tesla's future
valuation is not um solely dependent on
bending metal and and assembling cars.
It's primarily actually based on uh
autonomy in robots and Tesla must have
said this and Elon must have said this
thousands of times and Tesla as a auto
company does not have a 300 plus forward
valuation.
um on on selling cars. So, I mean,
that's that's just a fact and we can put
that to the side for now. So, we'll see.
Uh like I said, this is one potential
scenario. There are other business
models that may or may not work. But if
you're Tesla, both on the U from the US
side and getting US approvals and then
on the China side getting China
approvals, you have to prepare for this
and probably float out a trial balloon.
And the one thing I want to stress
because I just see the title again. This
was published exactly at 900 p.m.
Eastern. 9:00 p.m. Eastern, if I'm
correct, is the moment where the
official afterhour trading ends, right?
And they didn't wait a minute longer nor
a minute earlier. Um, so they knew this
would potentially have an impact on the
stock price. The second thing I want to
recall, there is a timeline now. Well,
there will be the announcement whenever
we'll we'll know. Then there will be the
8K filing in the four days. Could be the
same day but in the four days it has to
be done. Then couple of weeks later will
be the proxy on which we will vote. In
the 8k filing will be the merger
agreement. In that merger agreement they
have to discuss any major
disclosures like for example that Tesla
China may need to be spinned off or
whatever. I mean, I'm have no idea how
they're going to phrase it because at
the moment, we have one article from the
Wall Street Journal. Some of the wording
could not be how the lawyers from Tesla
want to or or from the merger want to
word this. But whatever it is,
the fact that this is out here is to
prepare for these conditions, for these
things that when you read the 8K, you
don't go, "Oh my god, there is a
problem." But you go, "Yeah, yeah, I've
seen that 10 days ago. We've discussed
that it's maybe in the making." They now
have about 9 to 12 months between now
and the moment they um announce the
merger, then the 8K, then the proxy,
then our shareholder vote, then all the
regulators. That's the timeline when
negotiations with China and or potential
buyers and or whatever will happen.
Okay? So this is nothing that happens
tomorrow. This happens in this I always
said if they're really good will be six
months but given already this could take
much longer probably it's 9 to 12 months
between announcement and consummation
that's where things will happen. This is
nothing that's going to happen in the
next 24 48 hours. So guys don't you know
think we're just lost our biggest asset.
When I see some of those comments I'm
like o
fear-mongering here please.
You know the the headline says to pave
way for a potential SpaceX merger. Makes
sense. I get it. And apparently I reread
it again. That sole person that they was
their source said that that it's in you
know prepared in case of a merger. But
uh we have also heard uh I think there
was I think it's more than a rumor that
the top CEOs of US uh tech companies
like Apple were informed by the CIA that
there might that they're they're
expecting that China will make a move on
Taiwan within the next three years and
prepare for that. I mean this is
regardless of a merger it could very
well be something that you know they
would have to explore. What would we do
if Tesla China Tesla China does that?
what would happen to Tesla China. So
maybe
&gt;&gt; this could be part of that, you know, if
you're a good a big company, you should
be preparing for things like this
anyways.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. But but it does pave way for a
potential SpaceX merger. So I'm just
wondering if that is really the real
thing that is really a Yeah,
&gt;&gt; I think one very important thing to keep
in mind and I've
I've worked on I've worked on China
scenarios very recently and currently
with
companies um Elon's statements in the
public are more forwarding in terms of
how aggressive it may need to be to
separate anyway just given the risk of
of China's aspirations. Again, I'm not
trying to fearmong it's it's July 30th
or whatever. Nobody's saying anything's
happening tomorrow, but of of the public
company CEOs talking about this and the
the leadership teams I've I he seems to
be one step ahead of everybody else. And
it starts with the localization of
supply chain. he was localizing supply
chains well before tariffs uh came
about. And it's not like he was
predicting that we'd be in this tariff
world. He was more of he just from a
from a supply chain design perspective,
you that's the best thing for network
latency and reducing your cost structure
is to keep your source of supply as
close to your customer as possible. But
my point here is he's been recently
actually in the public media and he
said, "I don't think other public
company CEO I'm I'm paraphrasing him,
but he goes, I don't think they're
taking,
&gt;&gt; you know, this potential conflict threat
in the future as serious as as they
should be."
&gt;&gt; Yeah, he said that.
&gt;&gt; And he said that also in an earnings
call. I think it was the one in January
January
&gt;&gt; where where he discussed the
geopolitical situation and uh divest u
bring stuff back to the United States. I
think he gave a horizon of 2027
where where more parts of the supply
chain. So again
it's geopolitical it's also strategical.
If they stay in China, they stay because
they got the commitment they can do FSD
and bots there because that is there is
no point. You know, we we've done I
don't know how many shows on the
potential of Tesla with the bots. You're
not going to have in Asia
this size of manufacturing, this
knowledge of manufacturing if you can't
use the bots there. I saw a comment, I
don't know how right that is, I couldn't
check it, that Bloomberg is now
reporting that they're considering doing
something in Korea. Who knows? I mean,
all three of us have gone through I
don't know how many potential new
gigafactories the last five years that
did not materialize. So, I I just I
don't even want to go there. The only
thing that I take tonight from this is
that this had to be out of the way for a
merger announcement. Let let me ask you
guys that question to u to what extent
could this be a leak a purposeful leak
like uh as we've been watching the last
six months it's very clear to me that
Chamath of all podcasts has been used
like he would say something and you kind
of get the sense that he was actually
just trying to float the balloon to see
how everybody react to it but he knew
information and he was trying to that it
became clear later that that seems to be
what's happening here is could this be a
leak or is this really a Wall Street
Journal investigative? Uh
&gt;&gt; I am convinced it's a leak and I don't
know did you monitor Jeff? Did Elon say
this is false?
&gt;&gt; Has he said anything yet?
&gt;&gt; Yeah, because now it's nearly two hours
and I mean this is sufficiently
important that if it was false we would
have had a
&gt;&gt; a quick uh I mean as of five minutes ago
he didn't say anything.
&gt;&gt; Exactly.
&gt;&gt; And you know again he's I see Phil's
comments too. I respect gratefully I I
correct he he may not be correct in all
this but he he's pos he's he's taking a
position for his companies and the
moving supply chains and and getting
your entities straight for localization
is not an overnight thing. This is
something you have to do some of this
stuff is years in the making. like the
fact that it could be this easy to do
this separation. It it's not easy for
other companies because of the
codependency they put on factories and
operations between countries and
continents. So I I I believe this is
strategic and this is something that you
know Elon has set the company up for in
the eventual need that they had to do it
but just in case it needs to happen. I
think it was mentioned as well. I'm just
looking up other things too like people
are all these concerns. I was just
looking up what happened to Bite Dance.
It's a private company. They sold their
Tik Tok
&gt;&gt; US operations. The deal closed in
January.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. I mean that was a long remember
that was a long negotiation.
&gt;&gt; It's a privately valued company but a
year ago it was valued at 330 billion
and now the current I guess as of April
is at 600 plus billion. So, I don't
know. That's again that's not comparable
to Tesla, but it's just an example of
&gt;&gt; people being sold off
&gt;&gt; because because you you probably follow
this much closer than I ever will. Um
the supply chain for the bots, didn't
Elon in the call last week on Wednesday
clearly explained that everything
remains to be built, right? That it
because I I just had comments there
said, "Yeah, well, the whole supply
chain for the bot is in China."
could be true. I I don't know. No, it's
not. Right.
&gt;&gt; No. So, so I I'm sure that there are
components that they have to source from
there for some point or some period of
time, but I believe his endstate supply
chain at volume scale would be to have
geographically separate supply chains.
Now, there's things today in auto
automobile production that cannot be
separated.
um you know, for example, rare earths,
right? We still we're a couple of years
away from being self- sustaining on rare
earths in the US and outside of China.
So there's and those none none of that
changes with with any of this to be
honest with you. And again, Tesla has a
great relationship with the Chinese
government. Elon has a great
relationship with the Chinese
government. But in terms of Optimus and
in terms of sourcing, I don't again I
don't think there's any knife switch
that's needed on that. If there's parts
needed for development that can only be
sourced out of China right now, they'll
source out of China right now. What I
believe is endstate supply chain at
scale is to have geographically separate
supply chains.
&gt;&gt; You guys saw that the stock seems to be
holding up. It's not crashing after
hours if it's up a little bit.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; Why would stock crash?
&gt;&gt; Exactly.
&gt;&gt; Why would the stock crash? Well, I mean
the argument would be Tesla has to sell
China which is their most uh you know a
big a big part of their market. Now I
get what you guys have said which is
this is auto and we're focused on the
future but I mean robo taxi and human
robots was something that could have
been sold in China too. Uh you know
could have been a huge market for us.
So,
yeah. No, I mean I I think the I think
the read on this is
uh
the if there's if there's truth to this
then the the mer you it's just it's just
reigniting the merger conversation. This
could all fade away whatever tomorrow
Elon could come out and say something's
fake or not. I don't think he's going to
comment on the merger uh to be honest
with you without like you know Brandon
being right next to them general counsel
like I don't think I don't think it
behooves him to comment on this even if
this is a fake article there may be
elements of it that are fake there may
be elements of it that are real I think
he has to be very careful of what he
says publicly so I actually don't expect
a comment of course I could be proven
wrong
&gt;&gt; aren't they in a quiet period uh
Alexandra because the earnings is next
&gt;&gt; they're in a SpaceX quiet period, but
not in a Tesla. Tesla he can now talk.
&gt;&gt; But this is a SpaceX. Yeah. So
&gt;&gt; I mean it's a one of his
&gt;&gt; potential SpaceX merger Alexandra. So
&gt;&gt; he better keeps his mouth shut. That's
true.
&gt;&gt; Yep.
It hasn't stopped anybody before, but
we'll see.
&gt;&gt; Okay. Okay. Well, there you go. So, Wall
Street Journal um wrote this article,
just published it a few hours ago and
just an hour or two hours ago. Tesla way
sale of China business to pave way for
potential SpaceX merger. Uh I showed you
guys on this stream the actual article.
It is uh based on one person a person
familiar with those talks said that
Tesla executives have been told to
prepare for a separation of the China
business ahead of a potential merger.
That's what this is about.
Thank you both.
&gt;&gt; Thank you, Herbert.
&gt;&gt; Thank you,
&gt;&gt; family. Thank you so much.
&gt;&gt; Thanks everybody. Bye all.