Channel:     brighterwithherbert
Title:       Elon Just Changed The AI War Again
URL:         https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jyg3w4ymtnw
Published:   2026-05-09 13:31 UTC
Fetched:     2026-05-09 14:00 UTC

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Last night, Elon just saved his biggest
AI rival by handing Anthropic the keys
to one of SpaceX AI's most powerful
supercomput on Earth. And the move just
torch Sam Alman's entire playbook.
Anthropic, the maker of Claude, signed a
deal for every single GPU inside
Colossus 1. That's 220,000 Nvidia chips
with over 300 megawatts of power. They
expect to be online within the month.
The biggest single compute deal anyone
has ever announced. Elon says he sat
down with the anthropic team last week,
looked them in the eye, and walked away
convinced. His exact words, nobody set
off his evil detector. But here's the
thing. Elon just said XEI as a separate
company will now be dissolved. It's all
SpaceX AI now, and SpaceX just became a
recurring revenue cloud business
overnight, leasing frontier compute to
any AI lab building this stuff the right
way. This move validates the compute as
infrastructure thesis with Musk
controlling Colossus 1, Colossus 2, and
soon Colossus 3 and Dojo. Anthropic just
locked in their IPO runway and their
common enemy, OpenAI, just got squeezed
from both sides. If a SpaceX Tesla
merger does happen, Tesla investors may
soon own a piece of the company that now
sits at the center of all of it. The
best person for us to talk to today is
Larry Goldberg. He's a serial
entrepreneur. He has been an active
venture capital investor for the last
decade. Check out his website at
lumacenti.com.
Welcome, Larry.
&gt;&gt; Great to be here, Herbert.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, very very exciting news. Uh this
is a big one. Uh you were already uh
expecting this to happen ahead of time
like Chamat was. So here's the news.
Anthropic uh SpaceX and Anthropic
announced jointly yesterday that they
are partnering together with Anthropic
renting basically Colossus One
supercomputers. Lots of questions to ask
you Larry. So here's uh Anthropic Claude
AI is their X account. We've agreed to a
partnership with SpaceX that will
substantially increase our compute
capacity. This along with our other
recent compute deals means that we've
been able to increase our usage limits
for cloud code and the cloud API.
Effective today, we're doubling Cloud
Code's 5-hour limit for Pro Max and team
plans, removing the peak hours limit,
reduction in cloud code, and
substantially raising our API rate
limits for Opus models. Uh I'm a heavy
user of cloud code, and you can see that
they've throttled they they used to be
so smart. uh but now the last weeks last
month they've run out of compute and so
they've been throttling it they've been
putting these limitations and it's just
not as uh powerful and in fact I think
that they were on their way down uh open
AI's codecs leaprog them and then people
are going cloud it's not as good as
everybody says and they may not have
gone IPO but looks like Elon saved them
he says our agreement with SpaceX means
we will use all the compute capacity at
their Colossus one data center they This
will give us over 300 megawws of
additional capacity to deploy within the
month. It's going to be fast turnaround.
Tom Brown says uh from uh Anthropic says
in the next few days we'll be ramping up
clawed inference on Colossus. Grateful
to be partnering with SpaceX here. We're
going to need to move a lot of atoms in
order to keep up with AA demand. And
there's nobody better quickly moving
atoms on or off planet Earth by the way.
So now he's hinting that this won't just
be a one-time partnership for the
terrestrial data center, but it could be
uh SpaceX data centers. Elon replied
saying, "Same here. Happy that we
partnered." And then he explained this.
He said, "By way background for those
who care. I spent a lot of time last
week with senior members of the
anthropic team to understand what they
do to ensure Claude is good for humanity
and was impressed. Everyone I met was
highly competent and cared a great deal
about doing the right thing. No one set
off my evil detector. So long as they
engage in critical self-examination,
Claude will probably be good. After
that, I was okay leasing Colossus one to
Anthropic as SpaceX AI had already moved
training to Colossus 2. All right. So
Larry, uh, for months now, months Elon
has been hammering anthropic, calling
them misanthropic, calling them
dangerous, saying that, uh, you know,
that they're too woke, uh, but now he
partner with them. Is there any
coincidence that he's in the middle of a
lawsuit with Sam Alman right now and
also maybe wanting revenue for Axi?
What's going on here, Larry? Well, you
know, classically Elon could care less
about
u money and finance and profits
when it comes to issues of morality.
So I uh I think that um you know I think
that he did go to anthropic and did
really delve deeply into the issue.
Listen,
Elon saw well before anybody else the
importance of compute long before people
became aware of it. He built Colossus
one long before people began becoming
aware of it. He planned, you know, data
centers in the sky. I mean I back at the
the annual shareholders meeting he was
already talking about space centers in
the sky with an evolved with an evolved
business plan in his head. It became
quite clear to me where we were going.
He'd been thinking about it for some
time. He'd been looking at the limits of
on earth development. He was looking at
the you know what is possible in the sky
and he was way ahead of everybody. Now
times have changed but at the time he
was way ahead of them. So I think all
three things can be true. He's very
concerned about the morality. He's very
concerned about capacity and he's very
concerned about moving off earth. So all
of these things uh are in his mind. They
came to him long before we lesser
mortals and even Chamath was able to
think about them. And you know this is a
road map that we're following the map.
He's got the most incredible
product management foresight that I've
ever seen in anybody
um in in history. I go back to Leonardo
da Vinci. Amazing just amazing
thoughtfulness, amazing perception,
amazing for I mean just just you know
it's amazing to live in these times and
to see in real time this guy in
operation.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, he's been calling it uh as you
have he uh he was predicting that that
compute will be a bottleneck and then he
said that energy is going to be a
bottleneck and guess what's that what
we're hearing now? 50% of all data
center projects are not moving forward.
they can't get the energy or there's not
in my backyard syndrome and people are,
you know, fighting them. So, his plan to
go off planet is going to turn out to be
correct. Um, so lots of questions to ask
you, Larry, because this brought up a
lot of concerns by some XEI or Tesla
investors. Uh, but basically, you know,
Lincoln's asking, do you plan on having
extra compute to lease out in the future
or will SpaceX and Tesla be using all of
it? And Elon answered saying, "Just as
SpaceX launches hundreds of satellites
for competitors with fair terms and
pricing, we will provide compute to AI
companies that are taking the right
steps to ensure it is good for humanity.
We reserve the right to reclaim the
compute if their AI engages in actions
that harm humanity. Doing a best to
achieve a great future with an amazing
abundance for all. We will make mistakes
as to error as human, but always take a
rapid action to address them. So, he
plans to rent as much compute out there.
Then the question still remains, why
isn't XAI using all of this? And uh
before I get there, um he said retards,
this guy goes, are already announcing
the death of Grock. Elon said, we have
many great Grock models training
simultaneously in Colossus 2. I'm
confident that they will bear fruit and
work on the Grock built harness is
progressing well. Can you explain that
then? Why isn't Grock using Colossus one
as well? The bigger supercomputer, the
smarter the AI. Why aren't they using
it?
&gt;&gt; Well, right now, um, they're using, you
know, they need a computer that operates
all at the same time, simultaneously,
all processes connected. So, you can't
use Grock 2 and Grock one. You you you
have to move your training to one or the
other.
And they could not be connected together
because they're such different architect
or significant. Are
&gt;&gt; you referring to coherence? Coherence.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Yeah. You got to Yeah. So
coherence is the technical term. I just
wanted to make sure everybody understood
what I was talking about. So you you you
can't kind of mix and match. You got to
run everything on a computer that all
processes are running and you know
simultaneously. We call it coherence.
So because functionally you're trying to
make all independent processes act as if
they're a single large processor with as
little lag time between each other as
possible possibly zero but you can't get
down to zero because you physically have
to move the atoms
the electrons I should say. Um so
you know once you move everything to
Colossus 2 you can certainly use
Colossus one for inference but that
appears not to be a limiting factor for
uh test for SpaceX right now. They seem
to have the capacity to do all the
inference because Grock is not really
taking off to the extent that Claude is
taking off. I expect that to change. I
expect that to change very dramatically
with the moves that Elon has made very
recently. We can talk about that
separately. But but right now Claude is
running away. I mean
&gt;&gt; Mhm.
&gt;&gt; I I guess you know Open AI is close but
Claude was t overtaking Open AI but they
struck a they struck a reef and they
struck the same reef that Open AI
struck. Both those companies chose to go
to market as software companies without
the compute power. They both try to
enter into agreements with different
with different providers for the compute
capacity. Elon chose differently. Elon
chose to base his business building the
compute capacity first and building the
AI on that compute capacity. And again,
this speaks to his, you know, his
foresight. He understood scale is
everything. Scale requires compute.
Start with a compute. These other guys
said, you know what? We'll save money.
We won't get that level of investment.
We'll focus on the software. We'll just
borrow, buy, lease the compute. Well,
guess what? Compute is a limiting
factor. Compute is a, you know, it's
there's a there's a limit to it. And but
you know Elon really focused on getting
there first. So now if you look at
SpaceX,
what was yesterday SpaceX, XAI and X now
is just SpaceX
because SpaceX has become
through its communication satellite
network Starlink and through its compute
on the ground
Colossus.
It has become
a massive
earning single company earning huge
amounts of cash flow from what? From
leasing out time on these devices
through various products. So SpaceX has
changed overnight. Everybody was cooing
and saying, "Ah, you can't go public.
You're losing money. You're losing 5
billion blah blah blah blah." All of a
sudden that's gone away. Now every
single component in the SpaceX world is
earning. solid profits and you know this
changes the dimension of the of the of
the company. So
you know it's a huge trans
it changes everything in terms of
SpaceX's
um
launch into the public market. It's
going to change everything.
&gt;&gt; Okay. Uh yeah, I looked it up and Brian
Wang uh calculated the uh revenue that
SpaceX will get out of this rental is
maybe around $16.8 billion per year.
That's a lot that will turn SpaceX
profitable uh or XA part of it.
&gt;&gt; SpaceX is already dramatically
profitable and the profit is going up.
Everybody's argument was that XAI would
eat up that profit and leave to lead to
a loss. Now we've turned that around.
Now, the combined entity is going to
show something like a 20 billion profit
in its first year. And that's before we
talk about that's before we talk about
all that's coming down the pike
&gt;&gt; with Starship and what will become the
compute network. So, I mean, this
changes everything and it completely
obliterates
the criti critics.
I'm very pleased to see them with with,
you know, pie in their face.
&gt;&gt; I want to go back to something you said
which is so powerful. I love that you
explained that to everybody here. So,
&gt;&gt; Elon decided to go look at it from most
important thing is compute. And so, he
first of all, he was already coming in
from behind time-wise. He's starting
late. And so that's why everybody's
going, "Yeah, Grock doesn't do as well
as, you know, OpenAI or or Antropic,
they're so far ahead, they're smart,
they're late." I kept asking you,
they've hit recursive improvement, and
that means that their LM is going to get
smarter.
&gt;&gt; And you said, "Just wait. It's still
early. Here we go. They both hitting
limits because they don't have the
compute. Elon's got all the compute. He
will catch up." And then he's going to
rent this out to these guys first and
then he'll catch up. So that's always
his playbook, isn't it? It looks like
Tesla, SpaceX, whatever he's working on
is always so far behind. Everybody's
ahead. Look, Whimo's already 3,000 cars
and he builds it right. Infrastructure
gets everything correct, global space,
and then he comes out. And when he
comes, they'll take over. And that's
what you're suggesting. Um, let's get
back to
&gt;&gt; No, look, let let me let me put it to
you this way. He's going to be the only
largecale AI company.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; In the world making profits next year.
&gt;&gt; Next year.
&gt;&gt; I mean actually this year.
&gt;&gt; How how's that? How's that?
&gt;&gt; His income starts tomorrow.
&gt;&gt; Oh. Oh. Because of rental.
&gt;&gt; Right. Right. Okay. We'll talk about
that.
&gt;&gt; He's already earning money on Starship
on Starlink,
&gt;&gt; right?
&gt;&gt; I mean he's already in profit.
&gt;&gt; Yes. Okay. I get you now. I get you now.
So that and we're going to talk about
that that new revenue this is validates
his his all his thesis um that that's
actually more money becoming
infrastructure and of course you still
want to win the the race getting uh
artificial super intelligence that
obviously matters but but he can make
money by hit capturing all the limiting
steps. First it's infrastructure compute
and then soon it'll be energy and once
he's out there getting the energy. Okay,
so Anthropic just signed all of SpaceX
Colossus 1 capacity, 300 megawws,
220,000 Nvidia GPUs online within the
month. Now, the comment is this. Elon's
enemy is Sam. They're they're literally
right in in, you know, battling it out
in court today, this week, the last
week. Dario's enemy, which is the CEO of
Anthropic is Sam. Uh Dario used to work
at OpenAI. They split off and then Dario
proved that OpenI there were equal to
Open AI. enemy of my enemy is a compute
partner. Open AAI just got squeezed from
both sides of the frontier lap. What's
your thoughts on this thing that's
happening right now?
&gt;&gt; You know, I'm I'm not very excited about
enemy of enemy. I don't I don't really
get into that. I I understand Elon's got
a problem with Sam and that problem is
isolated to a particular I mean I would
feel I would also feel a little bit
miffed if I had in if I donated
44 million dollars
um and and it was misused. So that's
that's understandable and you know Elon
was not very happy with Daario either
because Elon felt that Daario's um
philosophy was not really supportable
but you know he's made peace with that.
So I don't know about enemy friend, you
know, all things being equal, I I think
Elon would be able to rent would be very
happy to rent um star compute or solar
um uh space compute to open AI as well
all things being equal and and for that
matter to to Google. So I don't I don't
really get into the politics of that. Uh
&gt;&gt; yeah, again we'll talk about later, but
oh my gosh. Uh because it's so
brilliant. It is he he's so brilliant
because if he rents it to OpenI, let's
say, but then Open EI becomes evil and
they want to use for evil, he's he can
turn it off.
So he has the right the control, right?
So that's the
&gt;&gt; Yeah,
&gt;&gt; it's a way to shape where AI can go
because he controls
A word of warning. A word of warning.
Evil is in the eye of the beholder.
&gt;&gt; We have to be very cautious about this.
I'm not a moralist and I I'm not a
student of philosophy, but um my
pragmatic sense is that evil is in the
eye of beholder. Be be very cautious
before you call evil call something as
evil. I mean, I have a very clear sense
of evil and I see a lot of evil around
me, but you know, other people disagree
with that. You have to live and let
live. I think to a degree a lot of
people get mad with me for that.
&gt;&gt; Uh well yeah it is never know who what
is evil. You're right. Um so as long as
we don't build Skynet we're good. Tesla
hype said
and Elon said yes I think about that a
lot for AI safety. I'm convinced of the
old maxim that honesty is the best
policy. The truth shall set us free.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Well, I you know, again, the truth
is a very subjective subject. I don't
know. Yeah, it's very discomforting.
It's very discomforting when you think
about who is making the decision of what
is the truth. We've seen some crazy
things these last couple of years about
what is truth and and so on. You know,
we have to be very cautious. Well, I I
actually agree with Elon's thinking here
because you're right that it's it's it's
you know what is truth, what's missing,
what is true and what is not true,
what's depending on the eye beholder,
depending on the perspective, all that.
Not it's less funible than
&gt;&gt; what is fair like like when anthropic
said puts in code and openi puts in code
that says you should not transgender
&gt;&gt; and then when you ask the AI what would
you rather do you know drop a nuclear
bomb and kill all humans or misgender
Caitlyn Jenner and the AI says you know
thou shalt not misgender because it's
hardcoded in there. So right
&gt;&gt; that's what you're worried about. It's
like these these you have good
intentions but then it turns into
craziness and so the only path is to
just be
&gt;&gt; not to get not to get too political but
you can everything can be taken too far
doesn't need AI to do it AI can
sometimes short circus shortcircuit us
there but you can only look at you only
need look at political parties that
start you know with extremely good
intentions and those intentions become
taken to the extreme and then you see
the extremism I mean, if you think about
Marxist Leninism, I mean, if you read
the original, you know, Marx
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; to all of that sounded really really
good,
&gt;&gt; right?
&gt;&gt; And then then you get to Leninism and
then you get from Lenon to I mean you
get to Stalinism and you see what
happens. And we've seen it in our own
country. good intentions becoming
extraordinarily bad policy,
extraordinarily evil policy. So that's
why, you know, in my 80 years, I've
learned to take everything and every
philosophy with this little pinch of
salt.
&gt;&gt; What's up? All right. Well, that's
that's a huge topic. Let's move on. But
let's go back to SpaceX. Elon makes this
decision. Big thing. You're very happy
with it. I'm happy with it. He's proven
now. He's validated that SpaceX actually
has a real business where they can have
recurring revenue cloud business where
you're you're renting compute as an
infrastructure thesis because that's the
whole plan about you know AI data
centers in space is like they're going
to rent that
&gt;&gt; and uh and and they'll use it. So this
guy said SpaceX AI cloud services was
born today.
&gt;&gt; Absolutely.
&gt;&gt; And Elon called it SpaceX space
services.
&gt;&gt; Absolutely. Yeah. Yeah.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; And and you know I I think that you see
the vision that really was was born
earlier in the year earlier in 2025
um and maybe even late 2024
when he decided to build Colossus 2. I
think you could see nobody understands
scaling laws. Scaling laws are all about
the bigger the compute, the more
powerful the AI in in the simplest words
I can I can paraphrase it. And so nobody
understands scaling laws better than
Elon Musk and he and this is shows you
how he goes to first principles and and
the result of first principle thinking.
So, you know, when I was at the um at
the shareholders meeting, annual
shareholders meeting last year and he
started talking about, you know, moving
into moving data centers into space, all
the chips started to fall into place for
me.
&gt;&gt; I thought to myself, "Oh my god, we're
in the mid we're in the midst of a new
revolution. We're not at the start of
we're in the midst of it." He spoke with
at great length and or great fervor
about chip design and you know we'll
have to think about starting a fab now
four years ago in the middle of the
pandemic everybody wanted to make a chip
fab for Tesla and I said this is
craziness those chips are just
commodities they're cheap they're you
know dirt cheap you don't start a fab
for that but you turn it upside down on
its head no we don't want to make cheap
chips we want to make chips that are not
even concealed conceived of yet. That's
the trip we want to make in ma ways that
haven't been conceived of yet. So again,
first principles thinking turned
everything upside down. Change change of
plan, change of direction, new strategy.
&gt;&gt; I want to ask you this though, Larry,
cuz um I was I kind of mentioned at the
beginning, okay, I'm a heavy user of
Anthropic and I've noticed and every
user has noticed that they had the best
4.6 was incredible. 4.7 comes out and
it's supposed to be better, but they've
been throttling it because they ran out
of space. Inference, they don't have
enough inference. So, they had to put
time limits. Oh gosh, if you use it
between, you know, 9:00 a.m. to 12:00
p.m., we're going to double you. We're
going to double the usage. Token usage
is increased.
&gt;&gt; You can't use it during these hours or
or you use it
&gt;&gt; pricing was increased
or it take it takes 15 minutes to come
up with something that should have been
faster. It it became dumbed down. And so
they were they were at death's door.
Like not I wouldn't okay, let's not call
it death store, but they were like they
were the top and then all of a sudden
you could see that they're no longer
they want to go IPO this year. If Elon
wanted to he could nail OpenAI because
he's going to you know maybe if he wins
that I don't know what the chances of
him winning the the lawsuit but force
OpenAI to become a nonprofit and they
don't have enough compute by the way.
Then you got Anthropic. They don't have
enough compute and you've hit the
ceiling. He could have not done this
deal. Let Anthropic suffer. Let don't
let them go IPO because if they don't go
IPO, if they go IPO this year, they
could be at 1.3 trillion. What are the
numbers they're throwing out? Something
ridiculous. One over a trillion dollars.
They can raise enough money, survive,
and still be the leader. That would have
been a one-two punch. and XAI comes out
with Grock, uses all the supercomputer,
gets a better AI, beats both of them,
but he chose to save anthropic at the
last minute. K him getting revenue. Now,
he could people can argue that he's
doing that because SpaceX is about to go
IPO. I want to show people I've got
revenue, so it's a win-win. But you
you're like, why did he do this?
&gt;&gt; You have to look at Elon over the years
to understand that he welcomes
competition. He sees it as a
as a force multiplier rather than a
divider. He sees competition as you know
one of the spurs to his own business. He
sees it as increasing general usage of
the product. You know, when when Tesla
invented the 48vt system and implemented
it on onto Cybertruck,
he produced a book that explained
exactly how to do it and who the vendors
are that he worked with and how to work
with them. and he sent it
&gt;&gt; to every single CEO of every other
company who by the way being the dulls
they are you know didn't even open it
didn't even read it didn't even hand it
to their technology people and say do
this so Elon's thinking you know it's
first principles it's every bit of
competition that comes along is a spur
to my better my better product so I
think this is consistent with that. And
and then you have to also say he was
behind. He started a year and a half,
two and a half, three and a half years
behind depending on which company you're
talking about. And he started way behind
and he's still behind. He's jumped. He
if you look at the actual performance of
these frontier models, you'll see that
he is very close to the frontier.
sometimes actually is at the frontier
even though he started these many many
years behind. Nonetheless,
he, you know, he's not winning the race,
but he sees an opportunity to grow not
only by forcing using the force function
of competition, but also to expand his
business to a a a supply of of compute,
which is what he aims to build a
business to do from space. So here's
Anthropic, one of the leaders, if not
the leader, certainly by way of capa
capability, the leader, here's one of
the leaders now signed with him and
joining with him in the space in in
&gt;&gt; comput in space. And the point is he
needs every company aligned with him in
the computer space. Why are these people
not just signing up with Google?
&gt;&gt; Google's got the capacity. Google Google
are telling everybody you we'll give you
as much capacity as you
&gt;&gt; why did they not sign up with Google
&gt;&gt; that's a good point
&gt;&gt; ask yourself the question so
&gt;&gt; it's access to space is part of it
&gt;&gt; so you know
&gt;&gt; they know that this is only a limit and
then they want to have that unlimited
space and so they go ahead and do the
deal now yeah
&gt;&gt; and you see these pygmy minds these
pygmy intellects writing all this
critique that you'll see the critical
articles come out and you know all the
usual suspects s including the
mainstream so-called mainstream press
criticizing Elon for this deal, coping
at Elon for this deal. None of them see
this gigantic picture that he has in his
head. But I'll tell you something, in 5
years time we'll be having this program
and looking back at the seinal moment
and say that was the moment where we
understood where he was going.
&gt;&gt; I agree with you. All right, a few more
things before we go here. Xi is going to
be dissolved as a separate company. Elon
said it will be just SpaceX AI, the AI
products from SpaceX. So that's what
it's called now. SpaceX AI, which I
like. I like that a lot. Is there going
to be a new logo?
&gt;&gt; Because that's XAI, that's SpaceX. Elon
said, yes, there will be a new logo for
SpaceX AI, maybe a different name, too.
Um, all right.
&gt;&gt; SpaceX, just just to be clear what he's
saying, SpaceXi is going to be a product
group within SpaceX. SpaceX is not
changing its name. Yeah, go back to not
going to No, no, I understand. X AI is
going to X AI itself is not there
anymore. And is there going to be new
logo for XAI? The AI part of SpaceX is
spec space X AI is what they're going to
call the XAI part of it. And then
there'll be a logo for it. Yeah. Uh and
then a few things about Claude uh that
the deal with them. They doubled their
5-hour limits. They've removed the peak
hour limits reduction on cloud code.
They raised their API rate limits. This
really they were so hampered. This is
like they can double it. They can remove
you know I mean like this is so much
more compute that they were clamoring
for. They they really needed this.
&gt;&gt; Um look at the difference 30 30,000 to
500,000 450 to 2 million. I mean this is
from 2 million to 10 million. This is a
not just
&gt;&gt; little So many shops, so many shops were
already planning to to to move from
claude and some had already moved from
&gt;&gt; I have I moved out of CL to Codeex which
is open thing because it was so slow.
Snug that's what I'm telling you. These
guys were I think were in trouble. Their
brand was going to be hurt bad. They
weren't going to go IPO. Elon just saved
them
&gt;&gt; and they're the leader, you know.
&gt;&gt; U but they said that they do have 5
gawatt agreement with Amazon. They have
a 5 gawatt agreement with Google. They
have a strategic partner with Microsoft
and Nvidia. They have 50 billion
investment in American AI infrastructure
with fluid stack. Right? But
&gt;&gt; how does
how does five gawatt with Amazon
compared to the deal with Tesla? I mean
with SpaceX I mean come on.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. My point is if if they had those
deals then why are they throttled?
&gt;&gt; Well because 5 gawatt is nothing
compared to 300 gawatt. And also, it's
not online. They're not online or it'll
take years. Like, these deals are for a
potential future.
&gt;&gt; And here's the thing. Think about the
amount of capacity that's coming online
with Cortex 2.
&gt;&gt; Yeah,
&gt;&gt; it is gigantic.
&gt;&gt; Tesla's Cortex 2. Tesla's Cortex.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. But these these resources are
going to become,
&gt;&gt; you know, fluid. There's going to be a
lot of fluidity between them.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; Okay. We'll we'll reserve the
conversation with SpaceX Tesla.
&gt;&gt; This is nothing to do with the merger
conversation.
&gt;&gt; Just in general anyways, just the
partnership between
&gt;&gt; they're going to have this fluidity of
being able to
&gt;&gt; assign work, assign work and assign
money. So whether or not they merge is
not material.
&gt;&gt; Great point. Okay. So this is the what
we're talking about Colossus 1. Uh, by
the way, last point I want to make is um
Nvidia Nvidia made a comment. Two
Frontier Labs, one accelerated computing
platform. Congrats to SpaceX Anthropic
on the new compute partnership powered
by 220,000 Nvidia GPUs inside Colossus
One. The future of AI runs on Nvidia.
And Elon said, "Hey, the GB300 is the
best AI computer." So, it's a, you know,
of course, Nvidia, they partner with
everybody. They love everybody. They'll
invest in everybody.
But uh Elon and Nvidia and Jensen Wong
are good friends and he gave them that
he said this is the best computer out
there.
&gt;&gt; Amazing partnership Nvidia and uh Elon
amazing partnership.
&gt;&gt; So final words uh Larry on this SpaceX
anthropic partnership. What is it? What
what has changed after this? You said
before and after. I think people now
begin to realize, well, people should
now begin to realize the the depth of
the SpaceX opportunity,
the breadth of the SpaceX opportunity,
&gt;&gt; and the value that this brings and means
for um you know Tesla and SpaceX and the
whole Mus economy.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. For me, it's like the validation
that compute is a constraint and that
it's a real business for SpaceX XAI and
that Tesla truly has the largest
supercomputer.
There's a reason why they chose them.
And uh okay, so this this opens up all
of the the it puts real numbers now into
the SpaceX business plan that they've
been talking about for so long. And uh
this is good good news. Now I hope do
you think that this is a true
partnership not just a customer vendor
meaning to say could could robots
Optimus could our cars could FSD take
advantage of anthropic? No.
&gt;&gt; Well I I don't think so. I think that
Grock um you know Grock is much more
focused on that on that aspect of the
business. You only have to use Grock in
your car to realize the integration of
Grock and the car is moving along at a
pretty rapid clip. I think that's the
that's the product direction.
The product direction for anthropic is
much more generalized
um very specific right now to coding
because it's been so successful so
incredibly successful. So I would say
that it that the differentiation is
clear. Time will tell. Uh, you know,
you're talking about some of the
brightest
product minds in the world between the
two companies. So, we'll see which which
direction it goes. And you don't forget
Tesla's already got it. Sorry, SpaceX
has already got a very clear direction
in, you know, in the coding field
already. So, I don't see I don't see how
Anthropic and SpaceX gets any closer
than a client
vendor relationship.
&gt;&gt; Okay, that was one of the good questions
I want to get you answer. Thank you so
much, Larry. You're the best. Perfect
person to ask have these conversations
with. Honestly, you've been following it
the closest of anybody I know and I
appreciate your uh sharing that
knowledge with the audience here. Follow
Larry on his website at lumisenti.com.
Thanks everybody. I've created a website
that is the most comprehensive resource
for the Tesla investor. Please check it
out. Simply go to my website at
herdom.com.