Channel:     munrolive
Title:       The Future of Energy Storage: GM and Redwood Materials Partnership Update
URL:         https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZzzcweEU5lE
Published:   2026-06-12 16:11 UTC
Fetched:     2026-06-12 17:00 UTC

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Heat.
And so today, I'm excited to share that
GM Energy's birectional chargers are
officially now ready to support BAG.
Starting next year, we plan to deploy
Second Life battery packs at our own
operating plants starting at the site in
Michigan.
&gt;&gt; NASA has just selected GO's battery
technology to power the lunar outpost
rover in their Artemis mission that
launches in just two years.
All right, everyone. Welcome to Monroe
Live. Uh I'm Jordan Roach with Monroe.
I'm here with Kell Lton, the chief
commercial officer at Redwood. We are at
a um GM Energy event here in San
Francisco and so Cal you know as an
opening there was a lot of good
conversation on the stage here.
Redwood's doing some incredible things
along with GM. The partnership seems
strong.
&gt;&gt; Well I I would echo that the demand
growth is is nationwide. It's really you
know global even and uh we feel it every
day from customers trying to come to us
you know for energy storage stationary
energy storage. It's part of why uh I'm
so excited about being able to deploy
repurposed and Second Life batteries
really quickly because this stuff is
acute. I mean, it the demand is sort of
yesterday. People want a new industrial
facility online immediately. And uh you
we've we've been able to repurpose you
gigawatt hours of storage with you and
and others and um be able to meet us a
significant chunk of that demand very
very quickly. you know, maybe for the
purpose of the audience, why don't you
give just like a high level of, you
know, what Redwood is doing with GM and
some of the attributes that you see as
part of this partnership.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, GM represents um one of our
broadest automotive partnership. So
really, you know, the the goal of
Redwood is to create uh a circular
economy uh for the battery supply chain
and do that in the most sustainable way
possible. and and OEMs are a big part of
that. So, Redwood Materials, we don't
make cells, battery cells, and we don't
make cars. But everything below that
line is a part of the value chain that
we're involved in. Amen. So, includes
now, you know, the the reuse or the
repurposing of the EV packs for energy
storage, recycling, and refining uh to
kind of like an intermediate phase for
the critical minerals that are in EV
batteries, and then remanufacturing
those into battery grade materials to go
back into the battery value chain. and
GM is uh the OEM we probably have the
broadest range of relationships with and
the announcement today was really
focused on that first upstream part
around the repurposing of uh EV battery
packs because we've already been
recycling for GM for many many years
we've been the exclusive exclusive
recycler for production scrap uh from
their partnership with LG called Altium
Cells we've been doing recycling for GM
facilities and we we've been working
with them on material return into their
value chain
&gt;&gt; wow yeah it's an incredible story arc
looking at what Redwood is doing. You
know, I feel strongly that and this is
true with many of our customers as well,
like the recyclability, the reuse, the
total value of a battery pack in a
vehicle does not end with the vehicle.
And so many of our customers startup as
well as established OEM are like, well,
what are we doing on the recyclability?
There's this environmental thing.
There's the grid storage thing. And you
know, I thought what I took away from
today's event are the things that you
said and it really couples the total
life, you know, I'll say value of a
battery pack or or these energy um
systems, but then also, you know, the
the companies like I look at Redwood and
it's largely like the underllayment for
what happens beyond the vehicle or with
the vehicle. Now, one of the questions
that we get often asked at Monroe is,
well, as we're helping companies design
packs more efficiently, take parts out,
you know, make it such that it becomes a
viable product, not just on the cost
side, but on the pricing side for the
customers.
&gt;&gt; We get questions like, well, hey,
Monroe, how are how can we engineer this
such that it's more recyclable on the
back end? And one of the things I wanted
to ask Redwood is what are what are your
recommendations or are there any on the
design side that would contribute to
better and more efficient recycling?
&gt;&gt; Yeah, I'll say there's maybe two two
ways to answer this question. There are
definitely things that can be done to
make uh either repurposing for energy
storage or recycling e easier to do. And
we have engaged in meaningful
conversations across a range of
different OEMs for that. But generally
it would include you know modularity uh
or the ability to like disassemble into
constituent elements uh parts like a
module level uh at an easier level. It
could involve you know uh uh more
consistent protocol if you're engaging
with a battery management system uh
things like that. All of those things
kind of make you know re repurposing or
recycling easier. But what we've really
encountered is that um when it comes to
you the engineering of a battery pack,
those design decisions are are perhaps
less impactful than the design decisions
that an OEM would make around how to
bring cost down or how to increase their
own manufacturability. And we've really
kind of taken a different approach which
is say philosophically our approach as
Redwood is to uh enable everyone to make
the most appropriate design decisions
for themselves and then we will engineer
our solutions to you know disassemble or
integrate uh the material in our own way
as efficiently as possible. So I'll give
you an example like you know I if the
cost reduction and an improvement in
energy density from a cell two pack
architecture uh is meaningful enough for
an OEM that that then you know lowers
the cost of a vehicle, lowers the price
point and increases adoption of the EV.
I'd much rather have that outcome than
them design a less optimal battery pack
that is perhaps easier to recycle at end
of life. And so for us, it's about
setting up those processes that uh are
as adaptable as possible to all of those
different form factors. Uh again,
whether it's on the the the reuse side,
the integration with our energy storage
array or on the recycling side. So even
if it again is a a packact technology,
we have the capability to um you know
disagregate that to extract all the
minerals that are inside and to you know
provide a lot of value both upstream and
downstream. So, so if I'm reading you
correctly, it sounds like Redwood's
taking the approach that it's like, hey,
you know what, and rather than trying to
have all these OEMs fit into this
perfect design parameter box and say
this is what an ideal recyclable battery
looks like, you may give some feedback
such as modularity or the ability to
take out certain arrays individually or
something. But in large part, you're
saying, you know, design the most
efficient solution for you and whether
through the mechanical, the hydro, the
chemical extra extraction methodologies
that Redwood has, you know, you
Redwood's going to react and make, you
know, the the processes for Redwood more
sustainable. Now,
&gt;&gt; exactly. That's right. I mean,
fundamentally, that's through a lens of
driving electrification, driving the the
energy ecosystem. And we think those
decisions that again remove cost at the
the manufacturing side, remove cost for
consumers fundamentally or really the
make that you know flywheel the circular
economy flywheel move is based off how
consumers will respond to that product
and you can you know pass a lot of value
on by making the right design decisions
and then we will again adapt our
processes um and and we do that at at
scale across a range of form factors and
chemistries. Right now,
&gt;&gt; one of the major questions that I have
is in in Second Life, when you take a
battery pack, you take it out of the
vehicle. We're not recycling it yet.
We're going to put it in, you know, this
there's there's images on the screen
today as an example of battery packs, a
field of the battery packs connected to
a grid and, you know, some of those
Rivian packs. We're doing this with GM
and other folks. What what is maybe one
of the the challenges on the technical
execution side that you've observed? One
of the things that comes to mind for me
is
&gt;&gt; thermal management's huge. if these are
not covered, you know, the environmental
piece, the thermal piece, if you're not
thermally managing them, like how how is
Redwood addressing that for a multitude
of battery architectures when when, as
we just talked about, not every battery
architecture is the same,
&gt;&gt; right? I mean our our challenges are you
know kind broadly speaking uh across a
range of different topics none of which
are like in insurmountable on themselves
but but fundamentally you know the
technology we're building uh we have a
piece of technology piece of hardware
it's called the the pack manager and so
it it is designed to integrate this
heterogeneous mixture of packs into a
common output uh to to provide
functionality that's consistent with a
you know brand new containerized LFP
battery solution
but made up of the these repurposed
packs. So by by design we take all these
different packs of different form
factors and different chemistries and
different ages and different um
communication protocols and the the pack
manager acts as the singular interface
point and so we have a library of the
communication protocols and then the
pack manager also provides um the power
conversion to create a consistent uh
direct current or DC output onto what we
call a common DC bus. So you know every
pack pack type across the kind of like
hundreds that we have seen we have to do
some amount of either work with the OEM
or uh or perhaps some reverse
engineering on our own to to build that
library. So that that takes work and
there can be challenges inside inside
that but fundamentally they all operate
on similar principles and that enables
you to measure down to the individual
cell level at each pack but you have to
kind of do that work and then you know
really for us one of the bigger
challenges perhaps is like you know not
just the design but then the
manufacturing of the power electronics.
These are all custom power electronics
inside the pack manager. So starting
that up, building a manufacturing line,
uh, which is now at our our factory
outside of Reno and Sparks, um, and then
getting that through certification with
UL, and then getting those out in the
field and deployed.
&gt;&gt; Sure. Uh, you're speaking to a lot of
the things I mean, that's a great
explanation. When when most people, you
know, that come to us that don't work in
this particular domain or even perhaps
industry, they kind of look at the
recycling or the second uses. Oh, we'll
just, you know, kind of plug them into
the wall and they're going to, you know,
do the rest. It's like no there's a
there's a lot of engineering feats that
need to be addressed and taken into
account especially when you're dealing
with such diversity in architectures and
chemistries etc. Um that's amazing I
think yeah go ahead. Well, you asked
about thermal management because that's
something we think about obviously a
lot. So, safety. So, it has to, you
know, fun be functionally consistent and
it also has to be as safe or safer,
right,
&gt;&gt; than any kind of, you know, again,
especially containerized LP solutions
and now, you know, sodium ion. We saw it
today announced by by GM. Um, and we do
that. I mean, think about it this way,
too. the a lot of these these packs
these EV packs were designed for very
high energy high discharge or high C
rate applications and now we're putting
them into these you know uh grids scale
energy storage much lower C rate longer
duration applications so it's like a a a
sprinter because we used to doing 100
meter sprints now running a 5k so the
the duty cycle is very different and we
use that
&gt;&gt; factor and then the combination of the
monitoring that is enabled via the pack
manager again down to the cell level
voltage uh amperage and temperature to
to ensure like a supremely wide margin
towards any kind of thermal limit. In
fact, these are, you know, so wide away
from thermal limits that you can build
them into larger and larger arrays with
increasing density.
&gt;&gt; So, so the C rate range is a major
contributing factor to the stabilization
of the whole storage apparatus. That's
right.
&gt;&gt; Okay, that makes perfect sense. The
maybe the last question that really
comes to mind is, you know, I think
about what Redwood's doing on the the
recycling piece of it and it's like,
well, beyond the pure environmental, why
recycle? Well, it's because cost is a
huge function. You know, you look at the
EVs, the adoption of EVs, it's difficult
for people because the charging
infrastructure does not yet look like a
Shell gas station. You know, there's a
there's a lot left wanting. When when
from your view would the industry you
know we're seeing it a little bit but
like in in larger force will the cost
piece of doing all this recycling
domestically
&gt;&gt; back feed into the buying side for
prospective battery customers meaning
when can the cost pressures get a break
to an extent?
&gt;&gt; Yeah I mean we're already seeing that to
some extent now. So first by by moving
into energy storage moving up upstream
you know we can
provide more value to our pro providers
or our you know in this case GM as a
partner but effectively a supplier to
read can provide more value to them so
it supports their overall financial
goals. It enables them to to to build
more batteries. They're taking
fundamentally less residual risk on the
value of the battery and they can pass
that back to consumers. So we're working
kind of upstream even with like you know
captive financing arms of some of these
OEMs to say how can they start to bake
in higher residual values from the
batteries such that they can then pass
that into a more uh attractive lease
rate to a consumer and that's happening
to today. So you're already seeing those
mechanisms at work right. So, so maybe
for for layman's terms, it's like we're
taking a larger capital approach and
commercial finance approach to either
amortize or spread the the immediate
cost burden of those knowing that
there's this, you know, pot of gold that
is really the return on the recycling
into the base price.
&gt;&gt; Exactly. That's right. Yeah. And so
again, captive OEMs are very interested
in that because they can use that for
fleets or for their their consumer
customers to again provide higher
residual values which then results in a
you know net lower lease payment sure to
a consumer. So that that's like
happening today very tangible piece of
that. The other piece too is returning
the return of materials. So now you get
into the the the recycling and but that
battery material side of that. So how
can we pass materials back to uh a
consumer or sorry back to an OEM that
are uh you know consistent in
performance and characterization? It
means that these are metals metals
basically but at a certain level of
refinement uh cheaper than they can
import domestically basically can
cheaper can recycled material be cheaper
than net new mind material for critical
minerals. The answer is yes and we can
do it domestically. So that then goes
into cheaper cell costs which are then
generally getting passed on the
consumers in the form of cheaper EVs
because the the cell makes up such a
large proportion of the EV costs. And so
those kinds of mechanisms are also
happening today. So I I think that
flywheel is is starting. I mean really
you know fundamentally comes down to you
know a range of vehicles that meet the
widest range of consumers needs.
Companies like GM are investing in that
other OEMs as well. I will say charging
infrastructure has made you know large
strides um from a ease of use ubiquity
um and kind of you know standards
integration the the adoption of the
Tesla standard uh I think is a big step
towards that and so I I see all these
mechanisms in play so the the kind of
like continued growth trends for EV
adoption remain uh quite high from my
perspective.
&gt;&gt; Oh that's fantastic. Thank you for the
feedback. We're we're we're going to be
continuing to track what Redwood is
doing. really excited to see what you're
doing with GM and um at some point in
time we we'd love to take the audience
deeper into what Redwood is really doing
and why it's novel and why it's growing
and why it's present in industry and um
and why it's and why it has to keep
going and on the trajectory that it's
on. So um really appreciate your time
and um looking forward to staying in
tune with you guys. Yeah, thanks.
Appreciate it. Thank you.
&gt;&gt; Thanks Cal. Thanks everyone.