Channel:     munrolive
Title:       600kW ChargePoint Express Solo - Powered by Eaton
URL:         https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wte47S77bL4
Published:   2026-05-27 13:15 UTC
Fetched:     2026-05-27 14:00 UTC

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Hello everyone. It's Armen Pashnovski
with Monroe and Associates here back at
ACT Expo in Las Vegas and today here I
have with me Sai from Eaton and Erdog
from Chargepoint. Uh please introduce
yourselves to our viewership.
&gt;&gt; Hey everybody, I'm Sai Murhari. I'm a
global EVCI product manager with Eaton
and uh we're here at ACT Expo 2026 in
Las Vegas and we are super excited to
have you guys. Uh so in the booth here
we have a Eaton and Chargepoint product
that is being shown and the reason for
the partnership that we'd like to you
know emphasize on on why we got together
as uh EV charger partners right so
charge point is a market leader in EV
charging and Eaton is a market leader in
power distribution we are coming
together to solve some intricate power
distribution energy transition
electrification problems for our
customers and that's what we're look
showcasing here today at ACT
&gt;&gt; yeah thank you Z very put and I'm from
product marketing at chargeoint and we
have a really really cool set of
products to show you today with Ethon in
the mix and with charge point we're
really bringing new new material to the
market.
&gt;&gt; Let's talk about all that stuff. So, so
to set the stage for everyone, right?
When you think about EV passenger car,
uh, charging, there's a few bottlenecks,
right? How many chargers do you have on
roads, right? That's maybe outside
OEM charger network. Then
at what rate can you charge, right? Then
at at what rate can you get power to the
site,
&gt;&gt; right? And so maybe with that in
context, right? What is this new big
beautiful box you guys brought to the
show? Right. I have never seen this
before. Uh this is a brand new product.
What is this? What is in front of us?
&gt;&gt; It's brand new from the market. And you
touch on really something really
important. Right. So from the cars to
the chargers and everything that happens
in the background, it's charge point and
eaten coming together to solve that for
site owners and drivers and everybody.
So I'll start with the charge point
express solo that you're seeing here and
then Sai can probably walk you through
the power delivery and the power
distribution and all the energy storage
equipment that goes to it. So this is
like you say a new product. We just
announced it. It's the Express Solo and
it's the fastest charging standalone uh
solution available in the market today.
Up to 600 kW of output. You touched on
how fast you can charge. So 600 kW of
output are at the system level in this
standalone charger. You can use 300,
300, 200, and 400 dynamically allocate
as needed. But it is the fastest
charging standalone product. And that
means it's very compact and very power
dense.
&gt;&gt; So just doing some quick math, if the
car could take it and you got a 70 to
120 kilowatt hour battery, yeah,
&gt;&gt; you could charge in 10 minutes, right?
Just super rough math, right? If you're
assuming you know that char you can
actually take that energy, that power,
and you didn't have a more limited
charge curve on the EV side. But so you
know, just kind of putting this in
perspective, that's a lot of juice.
&gt;&gt; That's a lot of juice. So we've seen it
happen. We've seen it test live because
a lot of the work that we do is testing
real life operability, interoperability
with the different automakers. And the
fastest charging EV for sale today in
North America is a Lucid Gravity. Um, we
had one in our office recently and it's
a hell of a car. I really like the way
it the way it looks, the way it drives,
everything. But we connected it and we
saw it charging at 400 kW of output,
which is really really great. Like you
say, it doesn't sustain that charge just
because of the way batteries operate.
But in a theoretical scenario, you could
charge that car if you sustain that
power from 20 to 80 in 15 minutes or
something. It's pretty impressive.
&gt;&gt; Almost like filling it up, right?
&gt;&gt; Yeah. So, okay. 600 kW in America. No
car is there yet. Gravity is maybe the
closest, right? When do you think uh the
EVs are catching up to those power
charging levels? Right. And then maybe
also I see two chargers on here, right?
So you're able with connect to multiple
vehicles or maybe even to other chargers
in the background, some of your other
products to get that 600 kilowatt out of
the lines, let's say, right?
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Uh you touch on a lot of good
points, Armen. So let me walk you
through a couple. This is a 600 kW
standalone charger that can charge two
vehicles at the same time. So I just
want to be very clear that in a
theoretical scenario, you could park two
cars and do 300 at each port, which is
closer to what a lot of vehicles and
modern platforms can take in, right? So
we started there and we made sure that
this power was scalable in a novel way.
This is the only standalone charger at
this power level that also doubles up as
a cabinet and can deliver power to a
dispenser on the side. So you can use
the 600 kW of output and distribute them
in up to four ports charging
simultaneously. You can draw the 600 out
of any of the four ports, but you can
distribute 150 average on all of them.
So this is something you'd install at a
grocery store, a Walmart, a meer, maybe
some gas stations, right? Frequently
where people make frequent stops in
their EVs. Um, how many of those sites
have enough power in the ground, have
the architecture in the ground to
actually support 600 kW? Is that most of
them or what do we have to do to bring
&gt;&gt; the because it doesn't look like you're
the bottleneck, right? You're there. So
you you you touched on some really good
points here, right? So the the EV
charging piece of of putting a lot of
juice into the charger itself. It's
happening. We we're seeing it here. The
vehicles are also growing, meaning their
capacities, the battery capacities are
growing. That's happening too. But the
bigger problem remains like is our grid
ready to support all of this that's
happening, right? And then is the
infrastructure ready to support all of
these things? The the blunt answer is
no. We are not there yet. So back to
your question about if you have a
charger like this that you would like to
install, do you have an existing service
capacity to start this right away? 99%
of the times, no. You would require a
service upgrade in the form of a
potentially a new transformer, probably
a new switchboard to power something
like this. And that's where the
partnership comes together, right? So
when when customers think about this,
they have to think about a power
distribution stakeholder that they have
to work with. They have to work with a
EV charging stakeholder. they have to
work with somebody who can come in and
make the site ready. And that's where
we're trying to remove a lot of pain
points for our customers to partner
together and go to them and say, "Hey,
look, we know this is not easy, but we
are here to support you end to end." And
that's what it is. We want to remove as
many barriers as we can. So, so you
you're approaching these larger
partners, let's say it's a Walmart, and
say, "Hey, uh, you we should install
these products on your in your parking
lots, right, to to bring more customers
to you, more more EV drivers, prep for
the future. Uh, you will install invest
into your locations with new
infrastructure. We bring this, they buy
it probably too, right?" And so, so
every you got to integrate all the
different players. to to make it happen.
&gt;&gt; That that is correct. So you you brought
up a customer. I mean there there are a
multi-sight retail customer that you
mentioned but there are smaller players
too. So we need solutions for each one
of them for today. Maybe they just need
two today but they may be thinking of
four or five or six later on. So we need
to be able to provide solutions thinking
about their future needs also. And
that's what that's what we're here to
solve.
&gt;&gt; So here's a technical question for you.
600 kow right that'll produce some heat.
Uh do you have a liquid cooling system
in here or how do you handle that?
&gt;&gt; We do. Yeah. Um it's really really an
interesting question like you say
converting this amount of power and
delivering it creates a lot of heat
right so the the way to do this in the
most efficient way is with an with a
water cooling system and we do have uh
patents on all of this technology so I
can't go into all details on it but it
is effective.
We could
uh it works for sure and I can I can
show you the videos where it's testing
and we're installing one at our
headquarters to keep testing.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. So, it looks like there's probably
some vents coming out of here, right?
Vents.
&gt;&gt; There are vents coming out of there. And
there's um the way it's designed, it's
so that the dust doesn't go into the
system. The vents are in the higher part
of the station, which is usually
cleaner. And they're also rated for a
really high tolerance to flooding.
They're built and tested out in the real
world based on our experience with the
old architecture.
&gt;&gt; You don't have any cameras to observe
for to provide safety for people that
might be charging on this?
&gt;&gt; No. And it's a choice um data privacy
concerns as well as us not wanting to
get into the business of managing those
images and all that.
&gt;&gt; So, we do recommend that people install
security, but it's better if handled by
a third party.
&gt;&gt; And most of these places, they have
security cameras anyway. Sorry. Um, on
the topic of security, have you heard
about our cut resistant cables and what
we're doing together to prevent cable
theft?
&gt;&gt; So, for a lot of operators, it's a big
headache to have their cables stolen. As
you know, copper has some sales some
value in the in the black market. And
unfortunately, thieves were stealing and
cutting some of the cables off. So, we
came up with a dual level system that
protects against cable theft. So, at the
first line of defense, cut resistant
cables are much harder to cut. think an
order of magnitude harder and it takes
longer to cut them.
&gt;&gt; Is it like a steel sleeve that you need
to cut through or something?
&gt;&gt; It's you can't see it as a as a driver.
It's totally blind to the driver. It's
embedded inside of the cable structure
and it has high tensile metal in it that
makes it much more harder to cut the
cables. So that's level one of defense.
And level two is an alarm system called
charge point protect. So at a site,
suppose you have a site with 10 chargers
installed, when one of them has one of
its cables cut, all 10 of them ring an
alarm together and flash alerts and tell
that the alerts the the author the
authorities have been alerted. So that
deters future theft attempts.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Interesting. Okay. One of the
other unique things about the
architecture that that uh that's in this
charger is the power modules the DC
AC2DC modules and the DC2DC modules that
are inside this unit. So what makes it
unique is there is a DC bus that is
available for us to directly integrate
battery storage into this charger. So if
you're thinking of having a battery
storage on site, typically that would
come with an inverter. But if you have
this charger, you don't need an
inverter. you can get the batteries
directly integrated into this charger.
You you're eliminating some cost. You're
you know you're optimizing your
footprint. So your total cost of
ownership goes down and you know the the
the expense the capex involved in your
battery storage also goes down. So that
is very unique about this.
&gt;&gt; Do you see a lot of potential to pair
these systems with energy energy
storage?
&gt;&gt; Yes. Because we we talked about the
utility constraints. Right. So one of
the constraints is do do the customers
have enough capacity to you know charge
all the vehicles that they have. One of
the ways they have they can supplement
is battery storage. Granted it comes
with an upfront utility cost but the
amount of demand charges you can avoid
over a period of time. The math does
work out. I mean US is definitely you
know in 2025 we added around 19 gaw of
battery capacity which was 30% more than
the year prop. So we are seeing a trend
where people are thinking along those
lines to make themselves more resilient
and you know a little bit grid
independent. So we're feeling we're
starting to see that that pivot
happening.
&gt;&gt; Yeah it's interesting right? So one way
to address the the limited grid to
provide 600 kW is you get some energy
storage, right? Then if you have 300 on
average, you can charge up at night and
you just take the wave tops off, right?
You take those high loads when you have
four cars at the same time or you know
four lucid gravities and all trying to
fill up or charge up, right? You you got
to station your battery somewhere,
right? And that's probably might be less
of an investment cost than having to
tear up the road, lay some more lines,
get a new transformer.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Yeah. You charge your batteries at
night when your utility rates are low
and then you use them up later in the
day when you actually need them and the
rates are high. So the energy arbitrage,
I mean it's it's happening. There are a
lot of great solutions and that's where
Eaton and Chargepoint come together to
provide these complex solutions. It's
not easy for our customers to just go do
it by themselves.
&gt;&gt; And there is benefits as well, right?
You can optimize when you charge them,
take lower kilowatt hours, you know,
cost
&gt;&gt; solar power to battery charge those
batteries and then use that to charge
&gt;&gt; and then you got energy storage, right?
So if the power goes out, you can still
charge.
&gt;&gt; So
&gt;&gt; yeah.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, it's a good solution.
&gt;&gt; So the the brute force way that industry
is doing today is yeah, you have
chargers, you have battery storage
that's coming with AC inverters and all
of that, but we are looking at it like
one layer deep like hey we we have the
power distribution expertise, you know,
charge point comes with EV charging
expertise. How can we put oneplus 1 and
make it a three or a four? Right? And
that's what this solution is all about.
&gt;&gt; Okay. So, how about we finish this way?
You released this last week, right? This
is kind of a bit of a reveal today here.
&gt;&gt; Uh when can we expect to see these on
the roads
&gt;&gt; as soon as possible? I think by the end
of the year, you'll see some out there
in the wild. And I'm hoping that you'll
do a tour of our headquarters because we
have one installed now and we're going
to have another one installed at Ethan
headquarters now. So, just hit us up and
we'll give you a tour, a live tour and a
demo. Sounds good.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. We uh so we have a uh
Eaton's Power Distribution Experience
Center in Pittsburgh. It's a great site.
Uh engineers joke that it's it's a
Disney World for the engineers. So, we'd
love to have you guys over there. And
we're we're uh what we're trying to do
there is we're trying to put a
pre-fabricated skid in the in the ground
where we have like a four port hub with
the charger with a power link dispenser
and a switchboard all on a skid. So,
that's another offering we're we're
giving to our customers is, hey, you
don't have to peacemail meal this. We'll
provide you a four port hub where
everything is pre-wired, pre-ested, will
be delivered to your shop.
&gt;&gt; Make it easy.
&gt;&gt; Make it easy. That's good. That's
correct.
&gt;&gt; How we end on that, Sai?
&gt;&gt; Thank you so much.
&gt;&gt; Thank you.
&gt;&gt; Thank you guys for your time. Thank you
very much.
&gt;&gt; Hit us up for that tour whenever you
want to.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Yeah. We'll reach out. We'll
definitely come by. And with that, uh,
thank you everyone for tuning in to
Monroe Live. And, uh, we'll come back to
you from Expo. Like and subscribe. See
you next time. Thank you.