Channel:     futureaza
Title:       Cab & Semi Events, 10k Starship Jobs, Rivian's CFO stepping down, & WAY more on the Beat
URL:         https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DEsk6DmdWOE
Published:   2026-08-28 12:44 UTC
Fetched:     2026-08-29 06:00 UTC

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

What's up everyone? This is the Tesla
Beat 158.
Um, what an amazing week. Um, it's been,
you know, we'll get you all caught up.
Quick shout out to Insta 360 who makes
amazing portable cameras um so that you
can be on the go and still look amazing
as you can see with our wonderful uh
co-hosts here. And of course, you know,
always on time um two weeks uh is MDR.
Uh so again, quick shout out to Insta3.
But how is everyone doing?
&gt;&gt; I am good. I am busy. I am still in
Nepal. I am safe. Uh I am at the car
show. Uh and where they gave me this
lanyard. It doesn't say press. It
doesn't say media or influencer. It says
international delegate. Uh so that's
crazy. I've been interviewing a bunch of
people from the bus transit authority
who the guy who built the one electric
conversion from a diesel. I've been out
at the power uh company to talk to their
engineers. There's a whole lot going on
and I'm doing my best to cover it.
&gt;&gt; Well, either way, we're looking forward
to the footage. Uh and most importantly,
we're glad you're safe. Uh and
hopefully, you know, they the people in
Nepal, um you know, uh they can get as
much help, you know, um as needed and
that, you know, they can um get things
cleaned up as soon as possible and help
save, you know, some of the people that
have been impacted. So, yeah, glad glad
you're you're doing well, man.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, it's crazy times. Uh yeah, no,
everything's Gucci over here. I got my
fresh MKBHD
haircut.
Rocking the look,
&gt;&gt; dude. Yeah. I You had to tell me cuz I
you know I had I always look at what
your name is during the actual show, not
like before. And I was just like, "Oh my
god."
&gt;&gt; You know, we rocking it, man. We out
here.
&gt;&gt; Matthew, how are you doing, man?
&gt;&gt; Life is good. I uh got to see two cyber
cabs cruising around the Seattle area
this week. So, we're seeing some major
growth. So, yeah, glad to be here.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; Wow. That's awesome.
&gt;&gt; Awesome. Well, let's jump into it.
Number 158. Never a dull week. The
future is not waiting, it's being built.
All right, so stock on a 5day rolling uh
average. Uh Tesla is down about 3%. Um
and um SpaceX is up about 5% at 141. So
a lot of really cool things happening.
Um you know, but again uh I think in the
next week the Cyber Cap launch is
happening and then at the end of
September
uh what what was announced Joe?
&gt;&gt; Uh at the end of September we are going
to be having the semi- rollout. So that
I mean like we talked about this before,
but the things that Tesla is doing right
now with the Cyber Cab event this month
and then like now you have next month
coming and it's already going to be
another event for the semi-rollout. If
anybody from Tesla's watching, I would
like to go. I I would would like to go.
Yeah. Um Yeah. Either way, this one is
is really interesting because this is,
you know, uh we've been waiting and and
watching this factory um being built
slowly but surely. I think it was Ashley
Vance who got the first like public
video recorded tour. Um so this one, you
know, like I said, this is this is a
industry that is waiting and primed to
be to be literally in my opinion
overturned.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. And once they set up these mega
chargers, you know, along the routes and
get things going, like there's just, you
know, over time, like as more of these
companies adopt, I think it was like uh
Amazon or what is it that Swedish uh
company bought 500 semiis last week. So,
I think it's just going to be a matter
of time. And they do um a lot of Amazon
deliveries as well. So, um it's just one
of those things where, you know, the
semi just makes sense.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. I'm curious to see the end of the
event. What rolls out of the back of the
the trailer on the semi-truck?
&gt;&gt; I hope so, too, man. But I'm not making
any guesses.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; All right. Uh Matthew, I'll pass it to
you, man.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, we just uh a couple things
happened. We just saw the price increase
on the Cybert truck. So, the dual motor
and the premium version both jumped um
5%. We also saw, you know, uh, Omar had
tweeted that the sales for the first
half year was, um, you know, just over
8,000 units. So, it appears unit sales
are down, you know, by a quarter or
third compared to last year and prices
going up. Um, I think there's there's
definitely some type of production issue
going on because the people who are
ordering Cybert trucks are having to
wait a long time to get them. Um, you
know, we know they had some issues with
some some parts in the US and they have
to, you know, repossess their their tool
dies to to make them. We know they had
the PCS issues, but um, you know, be
really curious why production has has
slowed down on these vehicles. Um, you
know, having a long wait and then
increasing price to to lower the demand
to shorten the weight versus increasing
production is typically not the move
that we see uh from Elon. you know, he
likes to keep prices as low as possible
to to raise demand. So, it's a bit of a
strange move. Um, we we have seen, you
know, used Tesla Cybertruck prices
increasing, you know, over the past year
as well. So, um, it'll be curious to
find out when Tesla can start scaling up
production because certainly production
is nowhere near the initial goals of the
vehicle.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, I'm glad you brought that up
because it's clearly a production issue
and not a demand issue is what we're
dealing with. So, I'm interested to see
what Tesla does from here on out because
there's so many people that want their
trucks that aren't getting their trucks.
And not everybody's going to buy a used
Foundation series with, you know, I
mean, with what previously PCS issues
and whatnot. So, I I see this uh
hopefully ending soon rather than later.
What are what are your guys' thoughts?
Um I mean do you think that they would
so if demi you know like why would they
increase this then right if there if
they're already the volume's lower is it
just because of increased costs
&gt;&gt; or what are you guys
&gt;&gt; uh so there's a lot of steel in that
truck and steel prices are going up
they've gone up and they're still going
up and now we've got crossber tariffs we
get a lot of steel from Canada um it is
very likely just to cost of goods sold.
It is entirely possible that the
economies of scale that they were
getting pricing based on haven't
materialized. It could be that
individual parts simply cost more
because we're not buying them in
sufficient quantity. So I I think it
really is a cost of goods sold issue. Be
curious to hear what Matthew and Joe
think.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, I mean we know this car is
profitable. Um, we know it costs less to
produce than the the Model X and the
Model S. Uh, you know, based on based on
comments from from France. So, I you
know, it's a low it's a really low
volume vehicle. You know, if we're
selling half a million cars a quarter
and, you know, 3,000 of them or four or
5,000 of them are cyber trucks, it
really makes no difference to the the
company's profitability whether these
trucks are break even or making, you
know, $10,000 or losing $10,000. It's
it's all a rounding error at that kind
of volume. So, I I I actually think it's
a pretty strange move to to increase the
price because it's like, okay, now we're
going to, you know, lower demand
slightly for a certain period of time to
when I imagine, you know, price will
change again
just so we can make delivery times, you
know, a month shorter. Um it seem it's a
truly truly strange strange move unless
Tesla thinks there's no you know there
there's no way they're going to be um
increasing productivity anytime soon.
You know maybe maybe they think they're
farther along with the cyber cab than
than we know and they're going to need
those batteries for the cyber cab or
they're going to need the staff in
Austin on the cyber cab line. Um we know
the cyber cab line is there. It's It's
smaller than the the Cybert truck line.
It doesn't take up a lot of space.
Probably uses less people. So, I there
there's got to be some some reason other
than, oh, people pay $5,000 more. I
don't think that's that's why they would
raise the price for, you know, a car
that represents, you know,.1%
of the volume of the business.
I've also seen the the very skeptical uh
dummies, I don't know the polite word
off the top of my head, saying this is
proof Cybertruck is over. It's like no,
I think proof would be them telling us
that it's over. With SNX, they didn't
play around with pricing to see if they
could make us stop buying them. They
just announced it's done. Uh so I don't
think that factor comes into it.
Yeah, I would actually um what I have
maybe uh an interesting take. I mean I
would actually say that with the SNX
gone right now um my thought would be
the increases coming from um you know
just the fact that there is a shift in
people now that that's going to be the
thing that they may consider outside of
maybe the YI
um you know we'll see what you know
we'll get more data obviously as this
quarter um ends and you know see where
the delivery numbers come in but you
know I guess I would have I'm not s I
guess I was thinking it from more of
that lens than it being like a
production issue or you know something
on the back end was going wrong cuz I
think that the there's now a gap right
now right with like kind of having
something bigger cuz like in my truck
it's a six-seater and we feel like um my
Cybert truck we feel like we have more
space um even more than my Model X which
is a sevenseater um just because it
feels a little bit more roomy um in the
cabin right so I think it is going to
fill a gap uh right now until they
announce something else if they decide
to, but I know that the Y L um will be
just a great addition in general. So, um
to to the fleet. So, I don't know.
That's my take um on it. We'll see, you
know, how the delivery numbers shake
out. Um but I also don't know. I know
they announced the 60,000, so I wasn't
sure if there was like a a time
adjustment or maybe the production line
was shut down a little bit. I don't know
if we we've seen or heard anything on
that,
but yeah, it is weird. I mean, I don't
know. Um it is it is weird to to raise
it but there's there's a reason for it
and my hope you know Joe and I I mean
you know we all have um you know the
Cyber Truck is amazing truck I want to
see this around a very long time you
know I don't want to see this you know
go away in a couple of years but you
know we'll see.
All right so I'll hit this one and then
Joe I'll give you the the next one. Um
but um yeah, Nearlink put out a new
video and I think uh I think I was Joe,
you and I were on a a podcast which will
be released in the next couple weeks. Uh
keep on cyber trucking. But I think one
of the most slept on companies you can
think of um from a humanitarian
perspective and really innovation
perspective is Neurolink, right? It's
this, you know, Audrey uh she was
paralyzed from the neck down at 16.
never thought she would draw again and
now she's the first woman with a
Neurolink implant and again we
interviewed her but she's making art by
thinking. So I think Nearlink is
literally giving people their their
their voice back meaning for life a
second breath really kind of maybe in
some cases a second chance. I know Brad
who uh has ALS, you know, he can
communicate with his kids again. Um and
so I think it's just one of those it it
was cool to see that they they did this
and then you can see some of the artwork
in the video that she she she's made. So
super cool in that regard. Um but yeah,
&gt;&gt; apologies on that.
&gt;&gt; No, no, go for it. Go ahead.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. No, the white the wifi is uh out
in the whole building. I switched to
mobile data. It's uh I got a crazy deal.
Five bucks for 250 gigs. So, let's burn
it, I guess.
&gt;&gt; Just that.
&gt;&gt; Where did pull the note from?
&gt;&gt; All right, Joe, this one's to you, man.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, BFA Bank of America is banking on
SpaceX. So, uh this little small account
here is only 1.4 million uh followers on
on X
&gt;&gt; breaking bank of
It ain't 2 million though. Bank of Bank
big of America says SpaceX wireless
ambitions could benefit T-Mobile cell
tower companies and that is something
that people have been speculating about
for a long time. Are cell phones coming?
Matthew.
Um well not not devices of course you
know Tesla we don't think Tesla is going
to make a a device. Um Elon said many
times they're not making a phone. He's
also kind of bashed the idea that the
phone is the device of the future. So we
are seeing a lot of the you know a lot
of AI devices essentially little audio
or video recording devices that are
always on or always taking notes. So you
know maybe we'll see if if XAI uh or
SpaceX or Tesla will make some sort of
AI device but I don't think it's going
to be a traditional phone. Um as far as
you know Starlink service directly to a
mobile device I mean we know that's we
know that's coming um in the future. um
the mobile providers are already set up
and established in every country whether
um you know they're not very expensive
acquisitions if if you know SpaceX or
Tesla wanted to acquire some of these
businesses you know their their relative
valuation compared to their revenue is
is very low compared to say a tech
company their price as a services
business services business in an
industry that essentially has flat
growth um in an industry where to
acquire a new comp uh customer. I think
I think in the US it costs about $300 or
$400 for a mobile company to acquire a
new customer.
So um I would imagine if if Tesla wants
to become a mobile service provider, it
it'll be a lot faster and not very
expensive just to pick off, you know,
the top one or two cell phone providers
in each in each uh country and then just
demand total market share. Um, if you're
a mobile user that uses Starlink, it it
will be a global product. So, anyone who
travels, um, you know, so this will be
very popular in like Europe and Asia
where people travel a lot more than in
the US, but you could go to any country
in the world and you wouldn't have any
kind of roaming fees. Um, so we'll see.
We'll see what happens. The thing about
telecoms is they're highly regulated and
they're essentially monopolies. Um, I
thought it was, you know, interesting.
We saw the UA UAE just granted um SpaceX
a 10-year Starlink license. The way
internet works there is um you can on
your mobile device, you can't use like
FaceTime video or Whattime video without
using the application provided by the
mobile provider because they're making a
huge amount of money on that. you know,
you have to be on Wi-Fi uh to
essentially use the the the video tools
that we use um you know, here in the
rest of the world. So, yeah, we'll see
what happens.
&gt;&gt; We will see what happens.
All right. So, uh Rivian announced uh
their CFO Claire uh is leaving Rivian.
Um I would just say that, you know, it's
interesting time to leave. Uh, again, I
don't know if maybe, you know, again,
there could be, who knows? At the end of
the day, it could be one of those things
there's weird politics going on inside,
but also too, I think, you know, what
what my assumption is is that things are
not going well. Um, especially given,
you know, the R2 just came out. This
would actually be probably the time
where things are should be looking
bright and headed in the right
direction. Um, because this is their
kind of Model 3 moment in my opinion,
right? this should be the moment where
they can start scaling and moving
vehicles. Um, but at the same time, I've
told you told everyone here that it's
kind of like Lucid in that they could be
10 years too late with this. Um, you
know, the vehicle is not enticing
enough. that does not have
point-to-point driving right now and
people are just not going to go and
spend $60,000 on dollars on a car that
they may not be able to um you know
drive with FSD if you compare it. So
again, we'll see. I I I I don't want to
read into anything, but that's kind of
my thoughts. But what about you guys?
What do you think about this?
&gt;&gt; Well, 60,000 is still the aspirational
price. I don't know when that's going to
actually happen. when it does wake me up
and we'll have another conversation. But
the CFO leaving at a time like this,
like you said, is very uh questionable.
It's like when one of the co-CEOs of
Whimo left three, four years ago, while
was still saying, "Oh, we're about to go
nationwide." And I said, "The CEO does
not leave the month before that happens.
There's no way. There's too much glory
in this." And then of course here we are
years later and uh they're just really
starting to ramp now. Uh so I think
Rivian's biggest problem is their cash
burn. The CFO is someone you would look
to for a remedy on that uh to replace
them. And I think that they she said
she's taking time to spend more time
with her family. That's what they always
say. Maybe maybe there's someone sick in
the family. I don't know. Typically, you
would wait until at least an interim CFO
isn't appointed. No, she's just out the
door. So, yeah, it looks a little fishy.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, I know. It's a huge signal. And
and you mentioned the Model 3 moment
that if we can all recall, that was hell
week. Well, hell months for Tesla. So
maybe the production hell is kind of
hidden hard and in uh these are
sacrificial lambs that are fallen to the
slaughter of the of the production hell.
I mean it it happens. I mean you see it
in Tesla. People leave at at crazy
times. So it's it's unfortunate but it's
definitely more signal than noise for
Rivian.
&gt;&gt; What do you think, Matthew?
&gt;&gt; Yeah, I I mean I I don't I don't know.
There's Rivian's been in a real tough
financial position for the last, you
know, three or four years. I don't think
it's necessarily any worse um now than
it was, you know, 6 months ago or 12
months ago. So, uh the timing timing is
certainly strange with the R2 coming
out. You know, I I see a lot of interest
in that vehicle. It appears to be a
great vehicle. Um, you know, I think it
will, if they can produce it at any um
at any volume, it's it's probably going
to sell decently well. Probably will be
the, you know, third or fourth
bestselling EV in the US. Um, you know,
within a year or two, I I would imagine.
Um, so yeah, it's interesting time. You
know, maybe, you know, maybe Rivian has
some hot shot CFO they want to put in
that spot. Uh or maybe she just she just
knows Rivian's gonna have to raise a
bundle of money over the next couple of
years and is likely facing more dilution
and uh she's not seeing a a great um a a
great ability to, you know, grow her
current stock pool. You know, maybe she
wants to divest from some of her
holdings without sending signals to to
the market that the CFO is selling. So,
if she's no longer employee, uh she can
sell it. she'll still have to, you know,
file that she's selling it, but as she
will no longer be with the company, it's
going to have much less of an impact.
So, um, I think it'll be probably a
couple years before we find out, you
know, why why something like this is
happening now.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, I I agree 100%. I think there's a
lot we can assume, but the results are
in the pudding. They've been struggling
for a minute. I will say, like I said,
this is the R2 is I think the whole
enchilada. They have no plan. There's no
plan D here, you know what I mean?
There's no plan C in my opinion. If they
can't move these vehicles
um and and scale it to match, you know,
the demand that they need that, you
know, this is going to be something
that, you know, could be, like I said,
if Apple wanted to go in late, this is
the time, right? You could go and buy
one of these companies. And clearly,
they've they've moved on from that, it
sounds like. But, um, again, there's
there's could be some cheap
opportunities to to move in.
All right. So, looks like, you know,
Tesla is starting to offer um kind of
like the the tire warranty. You know,
you can come and get your tire tires
evaluated and checked out. Um, and also
too, you know, simple things like, you
know, they they they started running the
the rental the rental business. Uh, you
can rent a Tesla for a day. Um, but I
love love seeing this. So, um, but for
this, it looks like there's actually
like a price drop. So, this is a new
monthly subscription for 20 from 35 to
25. The new price um will actually
um will drop on October 1st. So, um this
doesn't apply to me cuz I got
bulletproof windows, but if you do have
windows, uh this is a huge, you know,
huge opportunity. I have broken my front
windshield by walking on it. Don't ask
how I know. Um, but I would say that,
you know, you're talking like $1,900 for
the windshield. So, uh, it's not worth
finding out. They do make super
resilient windows. Uh, you've seen my
steel ball videos, but, um, definitely
something to check out.
All right, Joe or or Matthew, either one
of you guys take this one.
&gt;&gt; Louisiana. Go ahead, Matthew.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, so we we saw the announcement of
Starbase Louisiana. Um SpaceX is putting
a massive uh massive investment um you
know into into the state and they said
they're going to hire um you know 10,000
people uh for Starbase and during the
announcement I think it was um uh
Shotwell had mentioned that 60% of the
of the staff um in Texas at Starbase
were local. So, you know, this 10,000 in
jobs, the majority of them are probably
going to go to locals in the state. So,
yeah, it just it it just kind of eases
the fear of of scaling uh of SpaceX's
ambitions.
And so, um you know, it's really great
to have multiple launch zones,
especially, you know, if if we're going
to be launching dozens of these ships
every day, which is the goal. you know,
when weather hits one location, you can
still launch from from the second
location. Also, you want to have
competition. Uh, you know, we saw how,
you know, Tesla was kind of hamstrung by
California's regulations and then when
they opened in in Texas, it creates
competition for where the growth um of
the business is going to be. So, it's
nice to have, you know, two large bases
in states where those states can now
compete to entice more growth in those
states.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. I don't I don't know a lot about
Louisiana. I heard through some people
posting it's like a very much energy
state that's kind of dying in some ways,
right? Like that's like literally like
the only major that and some oil and
stuff, right? But it's just like this uh
I mean this is what the Elon effect. You
come in, he's like, "Hey, I'm going to
spend a$100 billion.
I'm going to hire 10,000 people." And by
that that means that a million people
are probably going to be in work because
of you know for every one job they
create they create another 10. So um
it's just going to put and spurn a lot
of money. I can tell you right now if
you you know have extra capital
potentially look in that that area. I
know that those homes will go up in
value and that's not even financial
advice. That's just going to be a fact.
Uh you saw it happen in Bassrop. to see
it happening really in all of the areas
that Elon u moves into with his
companies. But either way, I love to see
it. I mean here again it's it's more
it's more American jobs, more American
ingenuity, a huge investment in you know
um in a state that you know has a whole
new industry now by just having Elon and
having like a Starport or literally like
again Starbase like a whole place where
they can start doing mass um flights.
It's really exciting. Um you know it's
it's yeah so I'm I'm excited. I was
shocked. I was like, "This was not on my
radar." Like, um, you know, I thought
they would want to do a lot more, you
know, get get things situated, but
again, Elon is just always thinking five
steps ahead. He's like, you know, how do
we get this place up and running if we
want to do, you know, um, what is it, a
thousand ships a day?
U, something crazy crazy like that. But
either way, ambitious goals and exciting
to see him making the moves. Yeah, I
think uh I mean love him or hate him, he
makes things happen and he gives people
jobs and he does a lot of things for any
community local whether it's in Germany
or whether it's in America or you know I
mean it doesn't matter those communities
are uplifted by his efforts and that
cannot be understated.
&gt;&gt; Nope. Cannot be understated. But um all
right uh MDR
&gt;&gt; yeah every every day on X we're seeing
more and more pictures of of cyber cabs
um you know up here in Seattle I'm you
know multiple times a week I'm getting
texts from from friends with pictures of
them testing uh on the freeway and you
know even in local you know local like
Facebook groups people are posting
pictures and asking what these cars are.
So, um, you know, obviously most of
these cars are for testing. Most of the
ones that I've seen, um, are all the
ones anytime I've I've been able to see
inside, I've noticed they had a had a
driver and a steering wheel. So, I
haven't seen any steering wheels ones
here in the Seattle area. But um it's
very promising that they're that they're
growing throughout the country,
especially here in Seattle, which I
probably mention every week is the most
expensive ride share market in the
entire world where where an Uber within
the city of Seattle typically costs
between $30 and $50 just just within the
city, not even leaving the city. Uh so
these these cars are are um you know
scaling. We're seeing production. I have
also, you know, heard through the
grapevine that Tesla in the Seattle area
is looking for um a facility to store
vehicles. I I don't know if those
vehicles would be um delivery, you know,
retail sales vehicles or or cyber cab
vehicles, but um I do know from someone
in real estate that they are looking for
space here.
You know, it's going to be really
interesting what happens on the third.
You know, we know Tesla's has built over
2,000 of these cyber cabs so far. um you
know, we could see some pretty big scale
out, you know, of these in Austin and
and potentially the other markets in in
Texas and then then growing from there.
And if this actually works, you know,
Tesla will have will will outnumber the
the number of Whimos on the road, you
know, within six months, I imagine, and
we'll probably have an order of
magnitude more vehicles um you know, in
12 months. So, yeah, it's great to see
them keep on keeping on trucking.
Yeah, I I think um you know I did I did
get to see uh the Cybercap production
line. Obviously I can't share anything
about it, but I will say that you know
it really is remarkable uh what they've
done. I mean, all the stuff it's like,
you know, the unbox method, how they've
made these vehicles, um, how they've
literally shed a a ton of parts, how
they've created, um, you know, really
like a chassis that, you know, they can,
you know, that's still safe, but also
utilize, you know, this these these
special plastics to kind of make the
shell of the car and stuff. Um, and you
know, again, just I think um, you know,
the space that it would be required to
do this. I think I think you said it uh,
MDR is just, you know, it's smaller.
It's clearly going to be smaller than
the Cybertruck line. Um, but with that
said, you know, this is the lowcost uh,
per mile vehicle. It's in the world um,
or potentially ever made. So again, the
proof is we'll see what the results end
up being as they report earnings and
stuff like that, but they're in six
cities unsupervised.
You know, Austin will be the first one
where they will launch, you know, the
first um their first version ever of,
you know, a pedalless and steering
wheelless um
vehicle. So, it's exciting. You know, I
think uh we're on the brink of a new
book uh of the Tesla series being opened
and and this is just the beginning. So,
uh this is for me that I mean, like I
said, I think, you know, I I expected
this when I got into my Model 3, but
this even more than the unsupervised,
you know, that with the Model Y and the
unsupervised, that was a huge moment.
But this is their mass production
vehicle to be unsupervised. So, for me,
this is just like a different it it'll
hit way different than even a year ago
when we were witnessing the unsupervised
in in um in Austin, Texas.
All right, Joe,
what do you see?
I see a cyber cab influence by the
Cybert truck. So, they went ahead and
put the uh you know how the initially
when the Cybertruck came out, the the
wheel covers had that little rubber
edging and it looks like they've adopted
that here with the Cyber Cab. It's
pretty cool that uh that Jyn got to do
this. I don't know why he put his hands
on the car,
but hey, hey, we got we got the shot and
uh that that's cool.
Yeah, this is exactly what I expected. I
don't know what people thought it would
be, right? Like I think um you know
they're
&gt;&gt; they thought they were going to paint
the wheels, John. They thought they were
going to paint the wheels.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, that was like two years ago. You
know, for this it's like, you know, when
you're thinking about curb rash and
stuff and debrisze that is going to
like, you know, potentially hit the car.
Like you again, you don't want to be
replacing a rim. You know what I mean?
Like you want something that can be
super like utilitarian at the end of the
day, right? Um, not that these cyber
cabs are going to be hitting the curbs
and stuff, but that's just my thought.
So, I I wasn't shocked when I saw this,
but cool nonetheless to confirm
uh what this is.
All right, so this is pretty cool. Um,
you know, like I said, you know, we've
seen uh police departments like I think
in Dubai they have some um they have
some cyber trucks as part of their
police fleet along with
um you see it in Las Vegas. And then now
we have Starbase Police. So, and this is
all by Unplugged the Upfit. Uh they're
kind of like fleet branding. You can
see, you know, some of the stuff that's
very much unplugged. And so it's great
to see, you know, that uh the first ever
like city that has kind of ever been
established, I think, in decades in
Texas now has, you know, um cyber truck
uh police trucks. So, um really excited
to see it. And uh you know, definitely I
think if you go to Starbase, um
definitely something to look out for.
All right. Who wants to take this one?
&gt;&gt; 40 on Forte. So, uh, Starship is on the
Forte. Go ahead, Brian.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Well, ju just that this is the
unbelievable has happened. This ship was
meant to just go kaboom and it didn't.
And then it was meant to break apart and
sink, but it didn't. So, you know what?
Let's drag it to the Gold Coast. let's
uh get it on this very fancy uh barge
basically and ship it all the way back
and it's happening and the amount of
data they're getting from it is un
unbelievable. Uh so uh Joe, what were
your thoughts?
&gt;&gt; No, just that I think it's I think it's
really cool. I think it's going to end
up back and hopefully it ends up at some
type of museum or some place. I know
there's been a few people that are
trying to get it positioned somewhere
after SpaceX has done with with all
their research on it, but I Yeah, I mean
they expected all these things to happen
and uh to you know to be done with it,
but they made a pretty tough vehicle
there that just not easy to destroy. So
now they have to take it back.
If you see that soft landing that they
did in the ocean, I mean, that's really
like it shows you that they could do a
boot like a Starship catch if they
wanted to. Uh, but then to have it
literally um I think it's been um you
know just I I don't even know how many
days it's been since the but it's it's
it is truly just crazy to see that they
are able to save this and this is
probably going to I I think it'd
probably end up in the rocket garden.
Who knows? Um but here you go. like now
they've they're creating a process if
they need to bring these things back
because it's just floating on the water,
they can do that. Um versus go kaboom.
Um so, but yeah, it's it's just like I
said, I feel like and sometimes like
this should be like a movie, you know
what I mean? Uh the stuff that's
happening here.
All right, Joe, what is the upbeat? Man,
this is where we have our rapid news
segment and everybody gets to uh give
their quick takes.
All right, let's go to um Brian Locky to
selling electric.
Uh so uh there's this crazy idea that
you can only uh get across the ocean
with diesel or bunker fuel. Um but it
turns out sailors have done this for
centuries. Uh they use the wind. This is
a new way of doing it. Um there have
been a variety of uh forward you know
tech forward companies like I think it
was Seammens who has the big single mast
that functions as a as a wind capturing
device. Um, these companies are
realizing that you don't have to be the
biggest, best, and fast if you can just
trim a whole bunch of money off the
actual shipping cost. Uh, and that's
what they're doing.
&gt;&gt; Definitely.
All right. Well, Matthew, what do you
think about this?
&gt;&gt; Yeah. So, this was this was a very
strange video. If you haven't seen it,
there's a it's a cyber cup cyber truck
uh driving in FSD. Um and a man jumped
like jumped on front of the the truck
right before it went by. Um the car was
going about 40 miles an hour, so it
wasn't going slow at all. So it if if
you watch the video, it appears um it
appears the person was was trying to be
hit by the vehicle on purpose. Um the
the owner of the vehicle said he didn't
he didn't notice the person jumping out
until the truck swerved. And when the
truck swerved then he looked and he saw
the guy right there and he and he
thought it would have been a I if if it
the car wasn't in FSD it would have been
an extremely upsetting um collision with
a pedestrian. Uh and you know you don't
want to collide with a 6 and a half
thousand pound vehicle traveling 40
miles an hour. That's not going to end
well for for anyone. So, um, the the
owner of the Cybertruck thought it was
very likely that FSD saved this person's
life. It would be incredible if, uh,
Tesla got any kind of publicity or or
journalism coverage when a life is saved
versus, you know, when when some when a
collision is caused. Um, so yeah, watch
the video and, you know, be safe out
there.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, seriously, it is not for the
faint-hearted. All right, Joe. Oh, well,
actually, let's go to back to Matthew.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; Oh, yeah. The Y L. So, there was funny.
Um, uh, Joe Engles, who plays in the
NBA, he's he's 68. Um, he was sitting in
the Model Y. Yeah. He was sitting in the
front and he was talking about how much
space it is and how futuristic the car
is. It's, you know, a fun short little,
you know, Instagram reel. So, check it
out. Um, I also sat in the Model Y L uh
in the back for the first time this
week. So, if you're in the Washington
State area, they there's one on display
at Bellev Square Mall and I was there
with my my three kids and we actually
had all three of us at one point sitting
in the back the back two seats and I I
had plenty of room back there. You know,
I'm about six foot tall. I had big kind
of hiking shoes on. I could put my shoes
and my feet underneath the second row
seats, which is something I can't do in
a Model X. So, if I if I'm in the third
row of a Model X, I have to have both of
my legs down the center kind of aisle
because I can't fit one underneath the
seat. So, it was um it was a lot more
comfortable for me to sit in the back of
the the Y L than a Model X. I still of
course would rather sit in the second
row or the the first row. And it's
unlikely I'll I'll ever be seated back
there, but at least I I could fit. Um I
currently have two Model Y's. One of the
Model Y's has the third row and I I
cannot even attempt to sit in that third
row. So definitely if you're if you have
a family, check out the Y L. It's a
&gt;&gt; Yeah,
&gt;&gt; it's a it's a great vehicle. Uh Joe and
I also sat in the back and there was a
lot of room. And that's probably like
the weirdest thing about the third row
too in like the the the Y. I guess the Y
technically still has a seven- seater.
&gt;&gt; And then same thing with the X is like
the there's really like no room to put
your foot under. It's kind of like but
like I said it's that's why it's good
for younger families but really the
third row uh in the Yel can be you know
for you know uh people as big as Joe and
I 61 6'2 um but also um you know
teenagers and and young adults as well.
All right Joe really to you 75 uh Tesla
semi for um NRI.
Yeah, they confirmed uh the CEO
confirmed plans to deploy 75 of the 500
ordered. So they ordered 500 Tesla
semiis in 2026 and the rest by the end
of 2027. So so clearly uh Tesla has a
very high production rate for these
vehicles if they're going to be able to
put out like more than a thousand in
like two years for the companies that we
know have ordered like 500 plus of these
vehicles. So that's pretty impressive.
Also worth noting that states like
Washington and California have
eyewateringly large incentives that can
bring the consumer cost on these semis
down to a 100,000 or even less. Uh in
one case I saw stacking incentives that
could make it cheaper than a Cyber
Truck. Uh that's going to be an easy
sell for a lot of shippers to get in
early while the money is still there and
it will allow a better adoption early
on. So now they just have to get them
out the door. It's almost like they
should hold an event or something.
&gt;&gt; If only who who who would do that? Um
&gt;&gt; who who
&gt;&gt; All right. So, uh, with that said, you
know, um, ending a little bit early this
week, but with that said, uh, a lot of
big things coming in the next month,
right? We have, um, Cyber Cab launch
next week. We also have the uh SE Tesla
semi-event at the end of September and
of course the X takeover on 1010
here at Giga Texas with May Musk as our
keynote speaker along with uh Nicki
Minaj. If you are looking at 10 a.m. we
will be doing the meet and greet for
Nikki. Those tickets will be on sale.
You should have received an email. Um,
you know, couple things to note is, you
know, the we'll have,00 to,200 drones up
in the sky, up from 800 last year. So,
roughly about $3 million worth of drones
and probably 700 Teslas going off. So,
uh, that will follow right after the
main event at 9:00. Again, food trucks,
bathrooms, and a DJ will be going the
whole time, so you will not need to
worry about that. Um but yeah, and then
again a quick shout out to all of our
sponsors um and uh Site View AI being
our presenting. So don't go to
xtakeover.com.
Go to xtakeover.com.
Um you know, also to go get some merch,
too. It takes about I think a couple
&gt;&gt; Yeah, it takes a couple of weeks. Uh it
does take a couple of weeks to um to to
get there. Uh Joe will be selling a lot
of merch as well that will be exclusive
that has not been yet, you know, really
revealed. I think we've um we've kind of
um what's the word? Uh
&gt;&gt; teased it. Teased it.
&gt;&gt; Teased it. Yeah, we've teased it. Um but
with that said,
uh it's super super exciting. And so we
will see you guys on 1010. Make sure you
give Matthew Brian all a follow. Follow
follow their channels.
They're they're tagged here on X and we
will catch you guys all on the next one.
I know Brian, you will be traveling next
week, so you will not be able to make
it. Uh maybe we can get a special guest
uh to fill in.
&gt;&gt; That's right.
&gt;&gt; All right. Have a good week, everyone.
Thank