Channel:     brighterwithherbert
Title:       Tesla: Delay or Big Month Ahead?
URL:         https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=W2P8oeU3nMg
Published:   2026-04-10 13:30 UTC
Fetched:     2026-04-10 14:00 UTC

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

There is a big battle amongst the Tesla
community right now. So despite the
release of full self-driving version
14.3, some see more delays given what
Elon Musk just said. Others say we're at
the cusp of a very big month. So is the
stock ready to fall even more or is it
already massively oversold? We got the
bulls here with us today. We got the
anal bull, the master investor, the man
with the answers, James from Invest
Answers. We got the power bowl, the
queen, Tesla boomer mama, Alexandra
Mertz, and we have Jeff Lutz, the
Irrationable, also known as Mr.
Incredible, the executive. Welcome
everybody. How are we all doing?
&gt;&gt; Call him the late bull. Just saying.
&gt;&gt; Always late. It's okay.
&gt;&gt; What?
&gt;&gt; The diva. That's what we'll call him.
So, the stock has fallen significantly.
There's a big battle right now whether
or not, you know, are we seeing more
delays or not delays? Uh James, what
have you been seeing with the stock?
What's going on?
&gt;&gt; The company and the product. I don't
look at the poorly stock movement.
&gt;&gt; A very realistic bull questioning
certain decisions.
&gt;&gt; The rational bull enjoy listening to
bears. Looking for the red flags. You're
supposed to react.
&gt;&gt; Industries that are ripe for disruption
and then invest hard.
There is so much juice to share and
thank you for having me everybody. The
timing of this video is perfect. Um, and
we we're going to touch on so many
topics, but let's start with the TA
first because that's where we normally
go. Herbert, if you can pop up this
little chart uh for a second. What this
shows you is the historic price action.
And there's two big green arrows I want
to focus your attention on. One was the
tariff tantrums from April 2025. That's
the mean reversion model and it was the
most oversold in years and the price
fell to $200. Guess what? We are now the
most oversold since April 2025. So if
you do not have a Tesla position, not
financial advice, this is the best
buying opportunity we've had in a year
in relative technical terms. Uh there's
also another important point to make. Um
and we know the prices in the And by the
way, people don't think I feel their
pain. I am on the receiving end of
people crying into their tea every
single day with Tesla. You know, down
150 bucks from all-time highs,
especially the late comers. The people
that have been in this thing for 10
years plus, they've been through so many
storms. This is like nothing. So I but I
understand the pain. People don't
understand why the price is going down.
But I want to say a very big thank you
before I share my next chart to Wall
Street and Tarti and JP I love
you guys. I love you guys. You're
incredible because you give us
incredible deals. Incredible deals. So
sorry for being very excited about that.
We'll get on to those deals later, too.
But the other thing that's most
important, too, is all you have to do is
look at Tesla's seasonality. And I
remember Herbert, we did a show and I
spoke about seasonality as well last
year, a year ago, April. Um, and we
said, you know, the first 90 to 100 days
of Tesla, the beginning of the year,
always suck. So, here's some data going
back to 2019. Average return to the 7th
of April from January 1st is down 17%.
This time around, we're down 20.84%. See
the pattern there, anybody? Even in
bonkers years like 2020 where we went up
730%.
The first 100 days only were up 27%. The
other 700% came later in the year. So
everybody, if you if you have to pick
one quarter to pack your bags, this is
it. Anyway, that is the TA and the State
of the Union. Before we get into all the
other good juice we have coming, over to
you guys. What do you think? I mean, I'm
always the one telling everybody if
you're holding, do you care? And if
you're trading, I think you should
follow people like James because that
they do the technical analysis. They do
the work in detail to to get it done.
I'm not a trader. I'm buying dollar cost
averaging every year my 401k. That's the
last money that, you know, is going in
there. Um, and for the rest, I'm just
holding. Now the question is do you
believe in this merger? Do you have a
goal of three years, 5 years, 10 years?
Depending on all these questions, it's
actually very easy to hold. But if you
are on a much shorter timeline and I've
said this many times and not only today,
either you have what it takes to go
through these times and double down when
you have these opportunities or don't do
it with Tesla. Tesla is an unpredictable
stock. it relies on so many external
factors that you know if that is too
much for you go somewhere else.
&gt;&gt; Sorry I didn't want to disturb
uh all the great comments before me. All
I'll say is
this stock is is highly volatile. I I
think uh trading on events on this stock
is very difficult. I think there's a lot
of frustration when you have a company
that is pursuing things either that have
never been done before, never been done
at this scale, never been done at this
cost structure or method. The the date
the dates and a lot of things are going
to be just they're going to be difficult
to predict. And also you have this macro
situation that's going on uh in the M
East. So you have a lot of things
happening at the same time. A year ago,
you had another big macro issue
happening with Liberation Day and the
tariffs. I don't know how much of a I I
I think the seasonality charts are very
interesting, but I I go I always look at
try to look at the fundamentals first
and then try to see if the technicals
back back it up and support it or or
not. And
so I think what I'm looking for here
over the next couple weeks, we're in an
interesting period. We just reported the
company just reported deliveries and the
car deliveries were within 1 or 2% of a
consensus of people outside of the
company. Uh the energy deliveries were
way off of consensus.
So, I think Wall Street's looking for
some answers on a couple of things, but
really the big answer that they're
looking for going forward is this
company's transitioning from getting
most of their revenue from making cars
and distributing them and making energy
and distributing that to now making AI,
physical AI software, and distributing
that on the hardware that they've
already built and they're continuing to
build. And what does the timing for that
look like? What do the milestones look
like? Are you still retaining your plan
for the first half of the year? What
does the full year look like? I think
there is a bit there's there I think
there's valid concern as well as there
was guidance given in the Q4 earnings
call at the end of January regarding
just the next few months tactically what
would happen and between that point in
time and now I you can I mean it's
there's objective you can objectively
say that some of these milestones have
not been have not been hit. I think some
of them have been misinterpreted too. Uh
like the unsupervised ex uh piece of it
and how many would be unsupervised and
what that timeline would look like. So I
think where we where we stand today is
we're between that delivery number and
we're between an earnings call where we
should get some some added clarity. I
hope the the questions are focused. I
hope both from the analyst community and
from the retail community there's
questions that are it's not you know
where's the Roadster at and things like
that. It's really focused on this
business is not only turning a page,
it's going to a whole new book. What's
that transition? What are the key
questions around that transition and how
are we tracking to it? And I also think
we're going to get a couple of I think I
think a couple of milestones may emerge.
We'll talk about it more uh in this.
&gt;&gt; Wait, wait, wait. I want to know where
the roster's at. Joking.
&gt;&gt; Yeah,
&gt;&gt; just killing your question.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. No, definitely ask on X all day.
But you know the in the uh earnings call
I think you should be focused on
&gt;&gt; of course
&gt;&gt; the business as you
&gt;&gt; yeah you know
&gt;&gt; so where's the road at
&gt;&gt; probably in a garage somewhere
&gt;&gt; I I guess that is the big discussion
right there is a lot of things that are
have been promised or not promised I
mean expected to happen in uh April and
there there's this feeling that
everything's being delayed I like this
comment this person made me laugh I have
a fiveyear horizon five years ago Yeah.
Yeah.
So, you know, I'm looking at the product
and the business and thank you James for
outlining the, you know, it's pretty
expected that in January, February and
March stock has been steadily falling
down. But April is the month where all
these milestones supposedly were
supposed to come. And the big one that
we're all waiting for, I think the one
that matters most is actually not
earnings. It's not the uh volume
deliveries production. It is robo taxi
and FSD. Does it work? Are we going to
start seeing an increase in unsupervised
robo taxis? Uh, this dropped version
14.3. Uh, Elon said it was going to come
by the end of the week, which was
Sunday. It came on Tuesday. So,
basically on time as far as I'm
concerned, it is the big jump for
features. Now, some people are testing
it now. At least 50 maybe to 100 people
are testing it today and it is getting
rave reviews. It is fantastic. But what
does typically you'll see bulls and
bears alike will come in and start
throwing arrows at or shooting arrows at
it. They'll say that it's not the 10x
parameter. They'll say that it does not
have the ban vanish. It is not the final
piece of the puzzle. But what matters
more is that it actually has a 20%
reduction
percentage improvement in speed of
reaction time. That is going to reduce
safety. But then Elon posted this and
then there's a debate. So Elon said the
Tesla 14.3 self-driving review and I'll
go through that. He's forwarding a
review from Nick Cruz pane. Was it Nick
Cruz or somebody else? Um
&gt;&gt; someone else
&gt;&gt; black model 3. Yeah. The point releases
will bring polish. Okay. But then he
said this version 15 will far exceed
human levels of safety even in
completely unsupervised and complex
situations. So now people are going why
is he talking about version 15 and then
he said our rate of advancement with the
small model has been so fast that the
large model has not yet caught up
version 15 will be the large model this
is the 10x parameter so people are
saying why gosh here he has pushed the
parameters out the 10 per parameter did
not come at 14.3 in fact it's 15 we now
need to wait and therefore robo taxi is
delayed uh what's your interpretation of
this debate that's going on right now
&gt;&gt; uh my my interpretation is the
following. There are a lot of people uh
debating this topic that
actually and I'm not trying to belittle
or just that don't understand
what is actually being communicated.
It's a very complex topic that's being
communicated and Elon always likes to
flash forward to okay this is this is
what comes after this. I think it's
pretty objective though to say that, you
know, some of these features that we've
talked about, whether it's banish or or
things that are just objectively have
been objectively promised, that they're
either there or not, I I think there's a
valid case to be made for those. But in
terms of is the Tesla AI team, who is we
don't know of a better physical real
world AI engineering team in the world.
And it's it's their belief that with
these smaller models, they can pick up
and solve more of these edge cases, add
more of these features faster than than
utilizing this big model. So it's they
understand the objectives in front of
them. And they're saying they get to
them faster by iterating with this small
model. when you run this larger model,
you have the opportunity for more errors
and then a larger bug drive down curve
that could take a lot more time and a
lot more point releases. So, here's
here's the here's the bottom line. I
think it has to go back to objectives
objective truths and what will move this
move the ball forward. And I think
moving the ball forward is getting to
unsupervised. Unsupervised for personal
vehicle use and kind of releasing the,
you know, the the Austin vehicles and
the well eventually the Bay Area
vehicles when uh they have approval uh
from a permitting perspective, but
basically being able to get that number
that 10 vehicles in Austin to to all of
them or half of them make some big
larger jumps and also supply and
supervised for personal use. I think
that's the big milestone. I think that
will change behavior. I think that will
go viral. I think that will have impact
on uh the stock potentially as well. Uh
not advice, but I think that's the big
thing. And it's not clear like what
happens with the Nag 143. It sounds like
it's very similar to 225, but I haven't
heard that yet. So, I think they need to
get this release out. There's probably
other point releases that'll come, but
the answer if if I'm asking a question
in the earnings call is what is your
what is your current understanding of
when unsupervised FSD in unsupervised
robo taxes will be released?
&gt;&gt; Yeah. And I I I do think as well that's
very good Jeff. I do think as well that
this 14.3 is very misunderstood and what
you said Jeff at the very beginning
people are anchoring to false
expectations.
So one of the things that I I want
people to understand is Tesla of course
iterates very quickly but they track
software stacks all the time and rebuild
from scratch. Like there's there are
software companies I remember software
like Seull and other things like that
they build it like 20 years ago. It's
the same software today. It never
changes. But Tesla keep trashing stuff
and rebuilding from scratch. And this
14.3 is exactly that. They had a very
smart AI but it couldn't fully use the
hardware of the car AI4.
So they had to dumb down the AI. So now
with 14.3 they rebuilt the entire system
the entire at least of what I understand
that the entire AI from scratch. So more
so it can do much more intelligence from
it can leverage much more of the
hardware and that's why it's the
feedback on it is so far is incredible.
Much smoother, much faster, quicker
reaction time, better way of using the
technology. But the real unlock here is
not any of that. It is a it's not a
small upgrade. It's a complete rewrite.
So now they can unlock even faster
iterations and progress. That's the
secret to this and that's the pathway to
version 15. And that's why even people
say, "Oh, but now Cyber Cab is delayed
till version 15." No, it's already
running in supervised Austin. So my two
I want to make sure people understand
the significance of 14.3 because Wall
Street certainly doesn't understand it
as well as other stuff we'll talk about
in a few minutes.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, I I agree with that. I think 14.3
is going to be the version that they're
going to roll out more unsupervised robo
taxis. Uh the big reason I think is what
you just said which is the big unlock
was this brings 20% faster reaction time
to further increase safety among other
improvements. That is the big thing and
across the board everybody who's testing
14.3 will tell you the car is reacting
really quickly. If it can react quicker
quickly more quicker than previously
that will reduce safety or improve
safety reduce incidents. And then what
you said here, they rewrote the AI
compiler and runtime from the ground up.
&gt;&gt; Yeah,
&gt;&gt; the ground up. Improving model iteration
speed too.
&gt;&gt; That's the key.
&gt;&gt; So, and some people I think CERN pointed
out that what this also means is that
this allows this version to now be made
a version 14 light for model 3's uh
hardware 3 cars as well. So, this is, as
far as I'm concerned, the release that
we were waiting for. And then others are
just pointing out that it doesn't have
banish. It's not the final piece of the
puzzle. It still has point releases and
needs. And oh, now we need to wait for
four for 15 in order for it to get to
totally super unsupervised. I don't
think so. What do you guys think?
&gt;&gt; Can I make another just observation?
Tesla is
and it's to your point here too, Arbert.
Tesla is competing with like there's no
there's no there's no comp to this. It's
not like somebody's catching up. It's
not like, "Hey, Jeff, go to the Mercedes
dealership and get in this car and test
drive it because now it does, you know,
X, Y, and Z." Or go to BMW like JP
Morren said, I think a couple years ago
that that they're catching up. Go there
and, you know, get in the car, type in
an address, your car will drive you.
None of that's actually happening. And
this is Tesla dealing with its own
commitments to its own milestones and
its own comms to its own investors and
people that follow the company. And
there's objective there's there's issues
there. There's no question. But you have
to get back to objective truths, first
principles. There is nothing there right
now that you can go buy as a consumer
that is anywhere close. And we we can
have the conversation on robo taxis in a
minute. But I I think I mean I think
your your question Herbert is um I think
this thing came up today about is
version 15 is that is that the robo taxi
now? We have to wait for that is it tied
to AI5. I mean just people just started
going everywhere on that. And I would
say save up all those questions for the
earnings call and let's you know ask the
company and get the answers. But and
you're just sitting around on ax you're
just out you're outside of the company
you're outside of the engineering team
and it's okay to make educated guesses
but these even these guesses aren't
coming from
the people that have direct expertise in
in in doing this. So I I would I would
say if you just step back to the facts
we don't version 15 is is the name of a
software release. It's not tied to a
particular date. We don't know what that
is. and then AI5. I mean, this thing
isn't going into production until 2027.
So, I I don't I don't know why people
are starting to tie all these various
things uh together when Tesla hasn't
done that in in advance of it.
&gt;&gt; Okay. And then you wanted to show this
also. Uh, Genma JP said this, "Guys, I
went out for a bicycle ride and as I get
back, my feed is full of freaking people
freaking out because Elon posted a
version 15 will be
&gt;&gt; detent
people."
&gt;&gt; I'm not Herbert giggling.
&gt;&gt; I'm not going to read it because Elon
posted version 15 will be the 10X model,
not version 14.3. Here's his point. Some
are implying that this signals that the
cyber car rollout will be delayed. I'm
not saying that this is wrong, but let's
look at the facts, please. Fact one.
Nissa reports show a stellar safety
record of Tesla robo taxis operating in
Austin in the Bay Area. There are only
fender benders, all cases that would go
unreported if it wasn't a robo taxi. And
the numbers have decreased
substantially. Just one relevant case at
super low speed for the last month. That
is correct. It was five December 15th to
January 15th. It was one January 15th to
February 15th. And it's all all of them
are low fender banners. Fact two,
CyberCap production has started in swell
numbers and the line seems ready. Tesla
would not make this investment if they
did not have visibility on the near-term
rollout. Fact three, CyberCap was put on
display in many US cities for
advertisement purposes. Four, the number
and availability of unsupervised rides
in Austin has increased significantly
recently as well as the number of
supervised vehicles in California.
Tesla's hiring all over the United
States to launch robo taxi operations.
Would they do this if they were failing?
14.3 obviously shows superhuman reaction
time. Now this is the one that you know
is a fact. Version 14 does not include
the 10x model. It will be version 15
name. With all that above in mind, do
you think it is more reasonable to think
that we have overwhelmingly positive or
negative signals?
&gt;&gt; You know, this is really crazy. You
know, I've been offer for a couple of
weeks because of the health situation of
my husband. The last two days has been
the first time that I heard of this 10x.
If you lived in a normal life, not on X
every day, you didn't expect the 10X.
This is now the the latest thing to run
after. And I think people are just so
ultra focused to always find the thing
that does not work yet. Sit in your car,
use FSD. I don't have 14.3 yet. I
thought 14.2.25
was, you know, wonderful. and drove us
down to Santa Monica 6,000 miles over
over six weeks period without any
intervention mistake issues never. So
you know now they're running after the
10X and then Elon will talk about
another project that he has three months
from them and then they're suddenly
eager to see that one already come to
fruition. It is crazy how impatient
people are. I mean this technology is
revolutionarizing
everything the cars the bot and way
beyond. So whether the 10x comes this
week this month or next month or in
three months will not have any
significant importance on the stock
price in the medium and long term. So I
I really don't understand this frenzy to
always run after the next shiny object.
I really don't.
Tesla is the world's number one FUD
magnet.
That's it. There's nothing like it. I I
went into I saw I saw this guy on
Substack. All he does is write hit
pieces every day on Elon Musk. I like
imagine that for a life. And we know
others like that. Like the Anyway,
there's a lot more to get into. So, this
was fascinating. And yeah, and one thing
I'd like to give Jeff credit for, Jeff,
you always spoke about how the
manufacturing ramp was a signal.
Tesla doesn't waste money. They wouldn't
ramp unless they saw the light at the
end of the tunnel. They wouldn't put all
that capex on the line. How many times
did you tell us that, Jeff? Yeah,
there's no there's no reason to put
these robo taxis these these Model Y's
that are equipped as robo taxis with
Texas and California plates in all these
different cities. I think we've seen
Herbert five or six new cities, maybe
more. There wouldn't be any reason to do
that. And then the requisitions, I know
somebody somebody asked me today like,
"Well, the requisitions have been posted
for several months." Well, they're
different. They're new and they keep
coming and there's more quantities of
them. You wouldn't you wouldn't be doing
that if you were in some sort of
regression or rewrite mode and you had
some big push out to quote unquote V15.
You wouldn't push these cars, these
inventory of cars to these various
cities and have them staged and ready.
So I think the plan is still the plan. I
think people just I I think I don't know
if 90 you know 90-day updates from the
company maybe it's just it's too distant
for some people. The plan is the plan.
They're still going to start in these
cities with supervised driving. That's
what Tesla said they're going to do and
they're going to get good data from
these cities. They're going to be
careful and then in more of a gradient
fashion, they're going to remove the
supervisor as long as they have approval
and they're going to have them run as
unsupervised. I think that's still the I
think that's still the plan. They have
to build up the staff in these cities.
They have to get the software to a level
that they're comfortable with and then
they'll increase the quantity of
vehicles. I think it's soon. If I'm
Tesla, I'm not moving those cars from
the factory to those cities if I think
I'm months and months away. I don't run
They don't run their other inventory
like that. They don't run their normal
production inventory like that. Why
would they do that in this situation?
Sure, they're going to find some issues.
There'll be starts and stops, but I I
don't I don't think they're doing that.
And so, anyway, the signs are there, but
like I said, this is there's no
template. there's no there's no template
to work inside of that says, well, this
is how this always happens and therefore
they're they're behind. But I think
again it is valid to to say that they're
behind what they said that they were
going to do on some of these milestones.
But I I've always said you got to put 30
60 90day window around some of these
things because they just they've never
been done before. It's not making
excuses. It's just when you've gone
after when you're going after something
in tech and high volume production
whether it's software it's safety
critical like a product like this if
again if it was an iterative product I I
think you could nail them and say you
got to you got to be within a week on
some of these dates but none of this is
iterative
&gt;&gt; is cyber capab delayed
&gt;&gt; um it doesn't look like it I mean so I I
saw you know so I mean I think Gemma's
note is is mostly accurate and and I
think the intent is is good cyber I
don't we don't know if they've started
production. Tesla doesn't have to
announce start of production. They have
before and they may announce it here any
day soon or they may have started. But
this from first unit off of production
in February to where we are now and the
number of vehicles it looks like it
looks like the line is starting to
increase in velocity which is good. And
it doesn't look like there's any red
flags, but it also we don't know. To be
very to be very objective, they could
have a very serious issue with
production that they they've discovered
that they need to fix. We don't know,
but there's no information that we have
that says there is or there isn't. But
let let's see what they say. If they
were going to delay, I'm sure they would
they would say something. But there's
nothing that we see from any of this
information that says they would.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Uh any more conversations about
the subcap or are we ready to move?
&gt;&gt; Ready to move.
&gt;&gt; Okay, take us in the next topic there J.
&gt;&gt; Okay, very quick slide. Uh one thing
Jeff mentioned, I think this is a
tailwind that very people very few
people are actually noticing and you see
some of the early numbers for March
around the world. There's been a big big
uptick in sales of battery electric
vehicles particularly in place like
Europe. Now this chart again shows you
the Tesla stock price and the
correlation with the price of oil per
barrel. As the price of oil goes up, the
Tesla stock goes down as with most risk
assets. But I thought that was a very
interesting correlation. But I do want
to talk about one thing that's much more
important. And this is something that
you're probably not going to hear from
Wall Street out there. And shout out to
Tesla Chan because he shared this number
I think yesterday or today. I can't
remember. I saw it on X and I was like,
"Huh?
I I immediately noticed a huge amount of
export happened in March, like 30,000
units. I know Jeff always talks about,
well, we missed deliveries by 7,000
cars. Well, what if 30,000 of these cars
are still on the boats to go to
different places around the world, which
is very, very conceivable. They normally
do the kind of the delivery wave in the
quarter. So their bo the cars that they
make aren't on the boats. And I know a
lot of people were crying saying, "Oh,
look at the big spike in inventory.
Tesla can't sell cars." No, it's not a
40,000 unit spike in inventory. It's
30,000 cars are probably on boats
because they had the biggest export ever
in the month of March out of China.
again. Maybe our supply chain expert can
keep me honest here.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, that that's um well, first off, on
the inventory side, the conversations on
that are are just bizarre. In Q4 of 20,
so last year, the year before 2024,
December that quarter to Q1 of 2025,
there was a similar jump. I think we
went from 12 or 14 days of inventory to
22 or 25. In this situation, I think
we're going from 14 or 15 days of
inventory, which is under supplied in my
opinion given transit times cuz this in
this days of inventory includes the time
from to leave the factory to get to its
final destination. We had the same
pattern this year is my point. it was
just 14 or 15 days in Q4 to 28 or 29.
That that inventory is fine. And this
this speaks to maybe half 40% of it uh
of of that inventory is in is in
transit. So Tesla made this decision.
They're not doing a delivery wave
anymore. So when these vehicles are
produced but they they haven't arrived
at their destination where the final
payment
has been received uh they're they're
counted in Tesla inventory but these
things have homes for them or some of
them may go into inventory but these
things have homes. So, I'm not I'm not
worried even if all 30,000 didn't have
I'm still not worried about the number,
but it does explain
uh why there was uh a lot more
production, you know, 40 50,000 units
more than deliveries. This does explain
a lot of it. It's not concerning. It's
not it's not an issue. Again, if you're
focused on this company, the the keys
are these these robo taxi transitions,
cyber cab production, optimist
readiness, and overall, you know,
getting to unsupervised for personal
vehicle use and and robo taxis.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. And and maybe Alexander, you can
explain how the haters on Wall Street
get so excited with the 7,000 unit miss
and then they send a torpedo to take the
price down 5% in a day. Why do they do
that?
&gt;&gt; Well, because they have positions. These
are option traders. These are people,
you know, who have their books full of
it or want to buy them cheaper. you
know, all this speculation about a
potential merger
um and the IPO of SpaceX has now hit,
you know, I mean, you know, they don't
usually think further ahead than three
minutes or maybe three hours. Let's not
talk about three days or three weeks or
three months, but this is sort of
becoming mainstream now. I don't know
whether you've seen there was an article
in the Wall Street Journal yesterday who
actually quoted my theory about the
merger. I was very I don't subscribe to
them. So I didn't really read. I just
saw that my name appeared somewhere
there. Um then the Financial Times in
London has made an article about SpaceX
IPO and then what happens to Tesla and
all these theories. So, I do believe
people are starting to position
themselves and they're trying to
purchase Tesla at the lowest possible
price and get it on their books and uh
and retail is sometimes impatient enough
to sell at these prices and give it to
them and and they know that. And by
putting the FUD machine on and and
swamping us with the most stupid
arguments. I mean, like I said, this 10x
argument, if you haven't followed this
for a couple of weeks, you just wonder
where this now coming from, right? And
it's not because Elon says this will
happen that anybody promised this would
be it today. And and so so they're
really trying to connect dots to make
Elon look bad, Tesla look bad. I I'm
very attentive of who answers my ex
posts and I suddenly and and this comes
in waves. I suddenly have people I've
never heard about that are extremely
negative on Elon and Tesla and whatever.
I look at their ex accounts, they're
brand new or they have always been on
completely different subjects and now
they're suddenly jumping on this.
They're hyperactive. They're answering
to me. They're answering to another
couple of big accounts.
&gt;&gt; And so it just feels so orchestrated. It
just feels there, you know, somebody is
in the and I just look at and I think,
okay, this one will pass, too. And I
just hope that people have this patience
to see through it. Now, can I guarantee
that Tesla will move up with the SpaceX
IPO? I cannot. You want to have your
SpaceX IPO with additional money or even
by selling Tesla? You have to make that
decision yourself. I just interpret what
happened with Elon's companies for the
last 10, 15 years. It's always the same
pattern. They come to a point where they
converge and then he wants to combine
them. And the last two big pieces to
combine are SpaceX and and Tesla. So, I
do believe this is coming. It's my
personal feeling that it's coming sooner
than later. And if it is coming sooner
or later, you're in a best position if
you hold your Tesla stock and just move
with it when it comes into the space.
And so obviously some of Wall Street
must agree with me because that's what
they're trying to do. They're trying to
get into Tesla at the lowest possible
prices. And then I also want to warn
people saying, "Oh my god, this is Elon
driving the price down." Elon has zero
interest driving the price down. I mean,
on top of it, this is much more
complicated than you think trying to
drive a price down, especially if you're
an insider because you have to file
everything with the SEC. So I don't
believe a second that that is even any
of of his thinking. I think for Elon the
best scenario would be that Tesla and
SpaceX merge at the same market cap. And
bringing it down and then having to pay
a premium to get it back up to the same
level is a completely silly case which
will actually go much more under
scrutiny than if Tesla's price is
already higher up. So don't believe any
of that. So Alexander, you said that you
think it's going to happen sooner than
later. Are you saying that you think the
SpaceX Tesla merger will happen this
year instead of next year? And then if
that's the case, the rumor now is that
two trillion SpaceX's market cap is 1.75
or two trillion. Does that mean if it's
a merger of equal somehow Tesla stock
might get up to that crazy frothy level?
&gt;&gt; Yeah. So, so a couple of things to to
clarify. Um merger of equals usually
means not paying a premium meaning you
know these are two companies they have
the market cap they have whatever what
we hope is that it's a merger of equal
market caps big difference meaning the
same amount of market caps okay so when
you hear Tesla Larry and me kindly
debating this he thinks this should be
done without a premium um and the market
cap of Tesla is what it is there's no
need to pay a premium in his views while
mine is they should merge or let's be
very precise SpaceX should acquire Tesla
at an equal market cap. Now will this
market cap be two trillion? The market
may bring it up to to two trillion. I
don't believe they will try to introduce
the IPO at higher than 1.75 and my
confirmation is that Elon replied to
that Reuters article that or the
Bloomberg article that mentioned two
trillion saying don't believe anything U
Bloomberg says. So I think that is
confirmation enough that they're not
going for two trillion. I think they're
going for 1.75 trillion. And I think
they're trying to have 75 billion which
is a huge amount but which is still only
4% of
you know float now created. Um now my
ideal scenario and I know we don't agree
on that James but love you anyway right?
um is now let me first explain
there is there are different steps in a
merger. The most crucial and from which
moment on everything happens then in
lock step is the announcement meaning
SpaceX announcing that they want to
acquire Tesla at this price plus premium
if I'm right that moment locks in
the share prices of both Tesla and
SpaceX in lock step doesn't mean they
don't move but they move together Okay.
When one goes up 1%, the other one goes
up 1%. When one goes down 2%, the other
one goes down 2%. There will be little
arbitragees and there are funds
specializing in those arbitragees. But
they will move from that moment of the
announcement together if the market
thinks this is very probable to get
approved. Now, does it have to get
approved? Yes, by both SpaceX
shareholders and Tesla shareholders.
SpaceX shareholders I'm not even worried
about because Elon has super voting
power and these people all know that
this is the plan and will be ready for
that. I'm I'm SpaceX I'm really not even
worried about. So the big question is
actually Tesla and Tesla the big
question is whose interest is it and
whose interest is it not? It is not in
the interest of the index funds to get
included without a premium because they
will lose voting power by combining the
two by SpaceX absorbing Tesla.
um Elon's super voting shares become the
dominant part in the new company and the
9% Vanguards or the 8% black rocks or
the 3% state streets get a smaller say
because there is so much heavy voting
power on Elon's side. I think that's the
easiest way I can explain this. So the
announcement and the votes are
relatively timeable. I hope the
announcement comes in the 3 to six weeks
after the IPO because that would allow
the Tesla stock to move up with that
index inclusion into the NASDAQ 100
index and other indices because like I
explained they will move in in lock step
and with the index inclusion the SpaceX
stock will go up and maybe down
afterwards and the Tesla would be pulled
up and maybe down afterwards. So that's
the one thing the shareholder votes
there is special committee then there is
a the proxy publication then there is a
date of record then there's a vote that
could all happen end of October middle
of November so it would be a year after
the other one then comes a period which
is much more difficult to nail down
which is the regulators agreeing and the
whole merger to be consumed that can be
three months in the best case if
everything goes very smoothly and never
does and I mean I know I never I don't
want I shouldn't underestimate Elon and
his companies but three months would
really be major so typically it's six to
nine months so that would mean the the
consuming of the merger the fact that
really now it's effective would be
somewhere between April and June next
year what does that mean that means
that's the moment the Tesla ticker
disappear. That's the moment the Tesla
stock would disappear from the S&amp;P 500
and be replaced with the SpaceX or
whatever the new entity is called stock.
Okay, that is then the moment when those
indices have to purchase again more.
That's a very complicated calculation
because it depends on how much float
there is then on SpaceX. That's actually
a point I I should I'm sorry I'm getting
so technical but the the float of the
SpaceX shares is an enormous
topic we will talk about a lot in the
next 12 months. Why? Because the indices
use that float as the basis of the
calculation. The NASDAQ has just
loosened that up a little bit, but the
S&amp;P is still on the old rules. And
depending on how much float will at that
very moment when the merger is consumed
is available, they will have to adjust
that with the purchase of that new
entity's shares or not if there is still
only 4% but there will be more. So one
of the things they you know that SpaceX
filed the preliminary S1 filing with the
SEC giving them
major IPO characteristics not all yet.
When that gets published which I
expected to be in May we will see what
the lockup period of the early investors
is because we want these early investors
to throw their shares in the market to
increase the float. That increase of the
float is important to Tesla investors
because the more float there is the
higher the purchases of index funds of
the combined entity will be. I'm sorry
this is so complicated and I don't want
to lose you all but all that to say your
question was when will the merger
happen? The announcement I hope soon. I
hope like this summer or quickly after
the IPO the the real final merger when
the Tesla ticker will disappear could be
a year out but in the meantime the two
stock will walk up and downs in lock
step okay
&gt;&gt; did I you all
&gt;&gt; no no that's is exactly what I was
looking for so you're thinking that
there should be a premium paid which is
okay if if SpaceX is market value at
1.75 trillion but then he that it's
going to be a month or two later that
they announce that they're going to
acquire Tesla. If they do, whatever the
market cap is, it could be down, it
could be up. But regardless, let's say
&gt;&gt; now that NASDAQ, now that NASDAQ has
announced that after 15 trading days,
the index funds that are indexed on
NASDAQ 100 have to purchase it. There
will be a very precise date where they
will all So, I do hope they would
announce it before that because that
would pull Tesla up straight away with
it. But anyway,
&gt;&gt; SpaceX will go up
&gt;&gt; because SpaceX will be part of NASDAQ
&gt;&gt; already announced their merger, the
Tesla will go up with it.
&gt;&gt; Gotcha. I'm just saying that if if if
SpaceX is at 1.75 trillion and let's say
at that time Tesla's still at 1.3
trillion there that you think that
they're going to pay a premium to
Tesla's shares and say, "Look, we'll buy
you at the market cap of 1.75 trillion
to be able to get the shareholders to
approve it."
&gt;&gt; Ex
Now, why do I believe that? First of
all, I think that all the signs, the
little signs, because Elon can't say
much, and he's ultra prudent, and I
really implore everybody, I know you all
like having likes from Elon. Don't
publish them. Please don't. Please
don't. I won't. There's no point asking
me ever. Don't do it because it actually
brings him in trouble when you do that
because it's giving away bits. And I
mean, I haven't had a like in a long
time, so I couldn't even know. But I I
just want to make sure that people don't
ruin this just for this little moment of
fame. You'll all have your moment of
fame. U the second the second thing is
um I do believe that initially in 2008
Elon considered both of these survivals
so little likely, but he put half and
half of his money in those two
companies. That is just normal now that
they should be at the same price. And
Tesla's price being suppressed is really
more because of market movements and
because it's currently the only publicly
available way of expressing any FUD or
whatever that you know that should be.
And the third reason is that
SpaceX's valuation just skyrocketed. I
mean we were last year at 300 billion
and we're now at 1.75 trillion. This is
wonderful, but you know that's not
really for Tesla stockholders to pay up
to. And then the the the next session is
that these retail alone plus Elon will
not get this approval through. We need
50% of outstanding shares plus one. I
made a whole calculation about that,
Herbert. I can pull that out again if
that is of interest and I will when the
moment has come. But just for the
moment, do know it's not 50% of votes.
It's 50% of outstanding shares. The
outstanding shares are enormous because
we already have the restricted stock of
the 2025
compensation package issued, but he
can't vote on them yet because the
milestones hasn't been proved. I'm sorry
I'm going so much into this rabbit hole.
But anyway, it's going to be an uphill
battle to get to 50% plus one of
outstanding shares. So we need some of
the big institutions to vote for it. But
do understand institutions at the
moment, the Vanguard at the moment has
9% of voting power. In the new
combination, it won't have 9% anymore
because Elon has so much voting power
because of the dual um class of shares.
So the they're giving up something and
for them to give up something it has to
be approved by the different committees.
I wrote an article about that because on
top of it after all this DEI sorry
I shouldn't talk like that. But after
all these
political
gestures of all these fund managers over
the 2020 to 2024 period,
they have now put in place rather than
throwing out their proxy voting
departments, what they all did is they
set a second proxy voting department on
that does their own analysis and then
they have two answers and then they
decide which one they take. So now when
Tesla begs these um institutional funds
for their votes, they have to go every
time to two different committees. So it
is not going to be easy to convince two
committees at Vanguard, two committees
at Blackbrook, two committees at State
Street to vote for this if there is no
premium. They will sit there and say why
why should we give up voting power? How
can we have two independent committees
approve this if there is not juice in
it? So I'm very convinced there will be
a premium. Yes.
&gt;&gt; Wonderful. Thank you very much.
Alexandra, good update. SpaceX and Tesla
emerging
very likely. Uh I'll do a poll and ask
people, but in the meantime, James, do
you want to take us the next segment?
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Uh a quick slide here. It just
this uh slide was inspired by Flaco. Um
and I changed it. I hope he doesn't
mind. But people don't understand the
impact of cyber cabab and robo taxi and
I thought, you know, I've spoken about
it for a long time. So has CERN and
others on your show, but this really
sums it up beautifully. So this is what
Wall Street miss completely. They Tesla
sells one car today. Average one one
time profit. You know, the average
duration of a car holding period is
about six years. So for every customer
they buy the car, Tesla makes $3,000 in
profit one time. That could change with
FSD adoption, by the way, that's coming
too. But the delta here is a single
cyber cab robo taxi is expected to
generate at least
$30,000 to $50,000 in profit every year.
Not one time, recurring every year. And
even nuttier than that, the cost to
manufacture this vehicle is $15,000.
Again, one vehicle made for 15 grand
becomes a non-stop cash machine instead
of a oneanddone sale. This people go
back and say, "Oh, the the PE of Tesla
is too high." It's like, do you know
what we're on the cusp of? And we've
we've we've told your audience many many
times the same things. Their business
model is flipping from moving iron. I
think Jeff always says shifting iron or
something to income generating robots
and this is massively lucrative and the
multiple that can be justified from this
if they can execute is going to be
insane. So I want people to just burn
this image into their minds and really
for once and for all understand why it's
trading at a PE today. Jeff, does this
resonate with you or do you think people
will get it at last?
&gt;&gt; Yeah, I think I think I think they will.
I think it's special. It's unique. It's
unique to Tesla. These equations don't
exist in this form or magnitude
elsewhere.
&gt;&gt; Yep.
&gt;&gt; And it's going to be difficult to
achieve. Now, getting to that cyber I
think this I think the terminal cost of
the cyber cap is probably somewhere
between 18 and 20k. It's going to
probably take them a year or more to
start getting down to those lower
levels. But the point is still the point
is still valid that you know this is the
gift that keeps on giving every one of
these that they sell.
&gt;&gt; And then the model cube this also broke
over the last 24 hours. Nobody cares
because we've had the boy who cried wolf
happened before with the Mexican
gigafactory. There was supposed to be
model Q. Shout out to Teslac as well.
This one's for you. But now, uh, Reuters
confirmed, so did Bloomberg allegedly,
that, uh, suppliers have been contacted
to build parts for this Model Q.
&gt;&gt; Not in Europe.
&gt;&gt; Not in Europe. In Europe, I pulled my
antennas out. Nobody in Europe has heard
anything. M
&gt;&gt; well it's actually good news because
what they said in the article is China
and
product development there will move
exceptionally fast because of the the
local the local tooling how quickly you
know how things are colllocated if
you're going to do product development
and it's going to be a variant or spin
of of a product uh that's the place to
do it and I think they're going to do it
quickly and if they if they truly have
kicked this off this is something they
could ship next year. Uh I I would think
with confidence just given the reduction
in complexity. They're probably going to
use a lot of cyber cab parts from a
reuse perspective. And then you're what
you see on the outside what that body
and white that they do that's all those
are all factory parts that that are
made. So uh we'll see we'll see what
happen. I mean it's Reuters. It's
unsourced. It's unnamed. We, you know,
we give them a hard time when they're,
you know, taking shots at Tesla. We
should give them an equivalent hard
time. Even if it's potentially promising
news to expand their portfolio. Uh, it's
unsourced. It's unnamed. But it's
interesting. They've been they have been
right on things. They've been wrong on a
lot of things, too. So, we'll have to
see. The one point I did want to make
was just China. If they develop it in
China, they will do it very quickly.
&gt;&gt; I agree. Are you guys expecting that
Tesla will sell cyber cabs in China?
&gt;&gt; I don't think that the cyber cap
business in China is going to be such a
a money maker. First of all, cap rides
are not expensive there. Second, I I
mean, I'm not saying they're not going
to do it, but I don't think that is the
main contributor for the Chinese market.
And I mean, you know how I put already
on reserve
my I mean, I don't want to sound too
alarmist because I'm not I I want to
make this but
China may be a topic that we all have to
revisit in a year or two if the SpaceX
merger happens. This may be different
and it may be limited to certain
activities of Tesla. So, I wouldn't
count, you know, in I'm not doing Excel
spreadsheets anyway, but in my Excel
spreadsheets, I would not put a lot of
weight on cyber cap revenue in China.
Yeah, they they've got the low salaries,
so the the ROI isn't the same as But I
do believe I remember a friend of mine
went to the Kyoto Festival in Japan, and
this story stuck with me, and they had
to wait like two or three hours for the
whatever the Blossom Festival is in
March every year for taxis because the
older generation are kind of retiring
and young kids aren't driving cabs and
there are no cabs. So I believe there
are lots of select markets that are very
lucrative that need these things. So
just a theory.
Speaking of FSD in the Netherlands, any
words on that? Apparently it's coming
tomorrow. True or not?
&gt;&gt; Are you holding your breath or not?
&gt;&gt; The poll says yes, 58%. I don't know. It
seems like they keep having to jump
through regulatory hurdles. Um
&gt;&gt; I mean this is Europe.
Yeah, but I think the Dutch are also the
Dutch are always very adventurous and
they're always willing to travel across
an ocean and do new things. So I think
&gt;&gt; and I mean it's all flat streets, right?
Nobody ever been in in the Netherlands.
Uh it's u probably easiest driving there
ever. But anyway, so all that to say,
don't hold your breath. If it doesn't
work tomorrow, it will come one day. I
really feel sorry. Did you see that they
disactivated FSD for some Europeans that
tried to
&gt;&gt; rig the rigged the systems and uh and
then obviously they detected that
&gt;&gt; at the mother ship and deactivated their
um whole FSD setup which shows how
prudent they want to be and how much
they want to rule.
&gt;&gt; But what what is interesting um people
can still buy full FSD for the
equivalent of $8,000 in the United
Kingdom and Germany. How is that still
possible?
&gt;&gt; That's not that's not this package.
That's that's a that's something between
autopilot, lanekeeping,
and maybe traffic lights, but nothing
nothing like turn by turn, address to
address navigation. That
&gt;&gt; But if you buy the full package But if
you buy the full package, the upgrades
will be for free, right?
&gt;&gt; It should be because it's full whack.
It's full price. like 8,000 pounds
sterling or something like that or FSD.
&gt;&gt; I'd have to look at the agree the the
the the purchase agreement to to know,
but I just know that FSD has been
labeled different things in different
regions, but the the full release the
address to address pinto pin driving is
in North America and Korea and Australia
only, I believe.
&gt;&gt; Thank you for all those that are sending
me messages from my husband. Thank you
so much.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Glad that he's getting better.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, absolutely. Yeah. So, this is now
second week of antibiotics under for the
pneumonia, but it is really getting
better. So, seeing the light at the end
of the tunnel. It's been a tough four
months, but um we're getting there.
&gt;&gt; We missed you. Um Okay. Well, so if it
is approved, FSD is approved tomorrow in
Netherlands, February, April, sorry,
February, whatever. April, April 10th,
which is tomorrow,
&gt;&gt; which is like hours from now. If it is
approved there, what do you guys think
will happen? Anything? Again, I don't
expect this to be a catalyst at all, but
&gt;&gt; you mean the stock price at the moment,
the stock price is suppressed. You know,
when you have the whole market going up
by 4% and Tesla doing nothing, that is
not natural. That is, you know, there is
people that are selling actively. There
are people trying to position and this
is not retail getting out. I'm I don't
believe that. So I mean I'm not saying
the retail is not from time to time
selling but this is this is um you know
not a natural way the stock behaves. So
my good old advice is those periods just
stay out of it when this moves in a more
natural way again with the typical beta
of of Tesla compared to the market.
That's when we're in calmer in calmer
weather. So I wouldn't just touch it. I
wouldn't believe that tomorrow is going
to be a glorious day. If it is, even
better. But give it time. Give it time.
I There are people who will buy Tesla
and they have in their mind what they
want. They may want 320 and they may
miss it because it never goes there.
But this is not for you to try to be
smarter. You can't outsmart big money.
&gt;&gt; I just love the hive conversation or
&gt;&gt; James can. I'm sorry. I forgot. James,
&gt;&gt; James Cam, we know, but just the
conversation if it's going up, let's say
it's 450 4. Okay, it's it's hitting 5
and all of a sudden you see this
conversation swirling about it hitting
500 and then going to six like and then
if it's going down then people start
just making up number. Oh, when is it
going to have a two handle? When's it?
Just relax. Nobody If if there were
people out there that could predict the
stock price, they would be
trillionaires.
It's it's funny because the narrative of
the pumpers has changed from
&gt;&gt; when are we going to hit $1,000 to will
we even get back to all-time highs in
the space of like six or eight weeks.
So, it's it's incredible how one of the
keys to investing is to be very very
consistent unless the thesis changes but
don't don't trade dayto day or emotion
to emotion. You will just lose all your
money.
&gt;&gt; Simple fact of life. All right. spoken
like a true pro. Thank you.
&gt;&gt; I mean, when you saw that, when you saw
that, what was it? The JP Morgan analyst
coming out with his stupid comments.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; You know, there was no need that day to
publish this. When you publish this, you
do that on purpose. You have a goal. So,
always when you see that stuff, wonder
what happened. What are they after?
Well, they're after your stock at lower
prices. That is just it.
&gt;&gt; Show me the incentive as they say.
&gt;&gt; Exactly.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. All right. Do we have time Herbert
for a quick fire question?
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; All right. There was something uh super
interesting that really got my I don't
have a slide on this so you can pull
this off. Um but they're kind of in my
head. One is uh big fan of David
Freriededberg the scientist Sultan of
science I think on the end pod and he
said something which I found
starking. And this is kind of why I
believe there could be a fast running of
a merger between Tesla and SpaceX
because then Elon could potenti
&gt;&gt; Oh my god. You agreeing with me now?
&gt;&gt; I've always said that from day one. I
made a presentation two and a half
months ago about the merger potential
and I said this is my wild card. If the
Democrats get into control and they want
to shut down Elon Musk, Elon will
basically poison pill by putting Tesla
under the guise of national security
under SpaceX.
&gt;&gt; That is exactly it. It's the biggest
shield there is. I agree.
&gt;&gt; But David Friedberg came out and said
something and I'd love your take on
this, Alexander Herbert and of course
Jeff. He uh David Free someone's like
the robot robotics revolution. He said,
"Even if the socialists ban robotics on
Earth and say no robots are allowed
because they're taking all the jobs."
He said, "The second part was it doesn't
matter because Elon can ship all the
robots to the moon to build factories
there. Nobody wants to go."
&gt;&gt; True. And he said so, which is true. He
said true. But but the fact that David
Freedberg is looking downrange
to this risk
took me by surprise because that's the
type of stuff that we think about but
now others are thinking about.
&gt;&gt; No, no, no, no, no, no, no. The fact
that day three were all investors in
Elon Companies all in the last all-in
podcast were 99% when Shamat said 99.9%
that this merger will happen. Nobody
objected
and then from there on they went on into
the rabbit hole. Yeah. Put the robots on
the moon and whatever else. It I mean
these people are very close to Elon.
&gt;&gt; Yes.
&gt;&gt; Shamat knows exactly what he's saying.
Shamat can talk. Elon cannot.
So it's important to listen to them.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. But Shamat also says some things
that are a little bit off.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. I I'm not saying he's always
saying the right things, but I believe
me, he has now insisted three times on
this with very high conviction and the
other two are not objecting anymore.
&gt;&gt; Um,
&gt;&gt; could he be talking for
cuz cuz Shimath all respect to him, he
did have a failed space spec.
&gt;&gt; Oh, he had a lot of failed specs.
&gt;&gt; Could Could he be but there was space
specific one? But could but could this
be kind of like a revenge trade to get
back into the space game? Maybe he has a
big position in SpaceX. Maybe it's been
talking.
&gt;&gt; I I don't know how much they they all
have, but I I mean I cannot speculate on
Shamat's portfolio. The guy got rich in
his life. So, it's not as if he was
always wrong. But I think his spa
experience hurt a lot of little
investors. So, you know, I would not
invest with him. I never did and I
wouldn't today. But what was very clear
for me is they know more than we do.
they have more insight into SpaceX than
we do. And then the other thing I want
to share because I think it is important
for people to understand that remember
when XAI and SpaceX merged. I've spoken
now to a couple of SpaceX investors.
They're all there in different sizes.
You know, you had to have a certain size
to be even in there. All of us told all
of them told me that in that call by
Elon to all the investors that wanted
part participate in that conference
call, it was announced as a done deal.
It was not, oh, we're proposing this to
you and then you can vote and whatever.
No, it was
this is how we're going to do it and the
next day it was
&gt;&gt; that SpaceX is buying XAI you're talking
about.
&gt;&gt; Exactly. And so up to now, up to the
IPO,
this is Elon deciding
and the other investors more or less
passively
approving it more or less after the
facts, which is fine for us, but just
don't expect there to be so much
discussion, need for votes, needs for
need need for explanation than we have
as we have on the Tesla side by far. And
these are highlevel investors who had a
lot of monies to a to be able to get in
there.
&gt;&gt; Jeff, you said something under your
breath. I don't think anybody caught it.
I think I did. Can you repeat that?
&gt;&gt; Talking his book.
&gt;&gt; It's it's it's always possible. It's
it's it's always possible. I also agree
with with Alexander too that I think
they know a lot and they can say a lot
&gt;&gt; um because they're they can. So I think
that's true. Uh I this robotics thing it
is so underd discussed I'm not going to
go on a long rant at some show we should
but it is so underd discussed it is so
underinvested
quite frankly in the US it should be
near the top of the things that we
discuss because we don't have enough
capacity to generate the amount of
automation factory automation that we
need locally. We're going to have to
import a lot of it and it's it's
questionable if we're even going to get
get capacity of that and then once we
get it, we have to animate it via AI and
we're we're we're we're nowhere on this
stuff yet and there it's almost needs to
be some sort of private government
partnership to really just accelerate
and and and get this thing off because
there's only going to be a few companies
like Tesla and a few others that
actually have this figured out and then
the other 97% of companies are going to
be lost. And anyway, it just this this
whole thing of are we automating and
then this whole thing of the of this
cluster of senators and congress people
that want to stop AI efforts that want
to stop uh some of these automation
expert uh I will tell you this if you if
you talk or you listen to other people
even in their same party they say it's
absurd but so some of this looks like a
publicity thing like this I don't
understand the request the request is to
pause that until when until China takes
over China until we lose and become a
province of China and then what would
like why can't people just work 20 hours
a day and work on the legislation that's
needed why are the people that are
working on automation and working on AI
they're doing the 20 24 hours a day
around the clock but the people that are
concerned that we need legislation can't
so anyway it's a bizarre discussion it
comes back to Free Burke's comment and I
just wanted to bring it up
&gt;&gt; and and I I think actually there will be
countries who will make this happen and
countries who will not. I I've been
following a discussion in France and I
couldn't believe my ears because you had
two camps. You had the one camp saying,
"Oh great, it's robots. Finally, we
don't have to work anymore." I mean,
that's very French, isn't it? And then
you had the other saying, "Oh my god,
the robots, they should be taxed or
there shouldn't be any any robots,
whatever." When you have these two
attitudes,
I don't think you get anywhere. First of
all, you don't get the infrastructure
built to make the robots. And on the
other side, with the socialist approach,
you don't want robots replacing workers.
So, America, maybe Argentina, of of
course, China, there will be a certain
number of countries that will
make progress possible. But it is, and
Freedber is very right to point to it.
It is a very political question. It is a
very political question. and uh
unemployment will be linked to it and
inflation will be linked to it or
deflation.
This will keep us busy for a long time.
But again, in the worst of cases,
they're going to work on the moon. We'll
have sunlight energy without the
invoices and the taxes on it. Or maybe
they will tax it. We will see. This will
be a completely different galactic
company.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. And by the way, uh, I've I've met
two people now that have seen Optimus 3,
Back to the Robot thing. They were sworn
to secrecy. One person said it was
creepy. The other person said it was
sublime. So make with that. And and I'm
sure Herbert, you've met tons of people
who have actually seen this thing.
What's coming will blow your mind. It
won't be like a Chinese robot demo doing
dancing or punching or anything like
that. Um, and then we didn't I know
we're running really late. We didn't
cover the final thing, but when I heard
about Terra Fab, I was like, how the
hell are they going to pull this off?
Now we know Intel and we know the money
that Intel got from the government. I
want people to understand the synergy of
that. It is absolutely mind-blowing.
There is no negative I can find from
this partnership. And I'm normally
anti-partnership. I believe in true
vertical integration, but when you need
lithographic machines and whatever that
hard stuff is, I can't remember the name
to put chips in space. Intel has all
that. Jeff, quick yes or no. Were you
blown away by that partnership in a good
way or bad?
&gt;&gt; No, I think there's elements of it that
are going to be good, but Intel's going
to work inside of Elon's framework. like
his construct is is this unique thing
both to have this accelerated
fabrication piece and then to have all
of that in production in in the same
footprint. Those are both two very
unique things. So Elon's framework is
how do I get to production with higher
complexity stuff faster and then how can
I do all of these things under one roof.
Both of those things are unique. At the
same time, he's going to buy up all the
capacity that he possibly can from
everyone else making chips, but he's
been very accurate at calling
bottlenecks two, five, and 10 years in
advance. And I think he's on to
something here.
&gt;&gt; Awesome.
&gt;&gt; All right, good. I think we're done. We
covered a lot of ground today. Fantastic
panel. Thank you guys. Good experts. See
you guys soon next week. Bye, everybody.
&gt;&gt; Great.
&gt;&gt; Have faith. I've created a website that
is the most comprehensive resource for
the Tesla investor. Please check it out.
Simply go to my website at herbond.com.