Channel:     jobhakdi
Title:       How Nvidia Just Secured TRILLIONS In Revenue For SpaceX and AI Stocks
URL:         https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OXjfL31L5i4
Published:   2026-08-17 22:24 UTC
Fetched:     2026-08-17 23:00 UTC

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

One of the biggest news this week is
that Nvidia did something that secures
its growth potentially in one stroke
over the next 10 years. And that is
quite something when you understand how
big Nvidia is and how much of a problem
it is to maintain crazy growth even if
even if the AI demand keeps going up and
is effectively for now midterm infinite.
So let's see what Yensen the master
architect of this stroke master stroke
did. Yensen sat down with the CEOs and
bosses of Apollo, of Black Rockck,
Blackstone, Brookfield, Goldman Sachs,
and KKR. In case you don't know who
these people are, these are some of the
most important asset managers in the
world, especially Black Rockck, very
well known, the largest asset manager in
the world. the others important private
equity firms that are in the business of
creating financing options unlocking
hundreds of billions and trillions of
dollars in financing for real estate for
all kinds of different things and then
of course Goldman Sachs in the middle
known for very good investment banking
and structuring financial products and
financing solutions. So what did Nvidia
actually do here? Well, Nvidia did
something that allows them to solve
their biggest problem. And to understand
the problem, I'm quickly going into this
here. This is Nvidia's share price right
now. But more importantly, here's the
income statement. And in the income
statement, you see five years of revenue
and net income. And what you see in
these five years is that Nvidia went
from
revenue here from $26 billion in 2022
to 26.97
billion in 2023
growing by 100 billion roughly no even
less by 10 billion. So uh by 100 million
I mean so this is very very tiny little
growth but then what happened? AI hits
and Nvidia goes through the roof from 26
billion here flat 2022 flat 2023 but
then it grows from 26 billion to 60
billion. So basically over 100% revenue
growth to 130 billion over 100% revenue
growth in 2025 to 215 billion which is
not 100% but it's very very high. And of
course earnings also explode. Now a
stock as you probably know reflects its
future cash flows. And the question is
can Nvidia maintain that growth? And
there are you know discussions on
demand. Is AI a bubble or not? You know
my opinion I think the demand for
intelligence by definition is infinite
because intelligence can be converted in
economic growth and economic growth in
theory is infinite if you know how to
grow it and intelligence answers this
question. So once you hit a critical
threshold of intelligence human IQ above
human average IQ 120 130 140 IQ it
becomes infinite. the demand for compute
becomes infinite and Nvidia is at the
center of this whole storm. So on the
demand side we are fine. But here's a
problem. We are now getting into capex
expense. Like someone has to pay for
these GPUs even if they are profitable.
Even if everyone wants to have that
compute, even if everyone wants to build
giant data centers for trillions of
dollars and don't get me don't you don't
get that wrong. And this is about
trillions of dollars because for Nvidia
to continue that growth to grow to 400
billion in 2027,
600 billion or whatever it is, 700
billion in 2028, a trillion by 2028, 1.5
trillion by 2029. You see where this is
going
for Nvidia to maintain its growth even
if it can deliver, even if it would have
the supply chains ready, which they
might. And even if energy is solved and
demand is solved, one thing has to be
solved and that is financing. And when
it goes into the trillions of dollars
that a single company needs very soon,
very soon Nvidia will need a trillion
dollars in revenue to maintain that kind
of growth within three years. Within
three years, we need to hit a trillion
or the growth is over. Even if both
supply and demand are fixed, financing
is a big problem because which company
on earth can afford a trillion dollars
in capex or even hundreds of billions
all the time. The answer is not many or
none. We know that Google and Amazon for
example are spending 200 billion. Is
that enough? Can they grow it? They are
reaching their own cash flow limits. So
even if the entire world wants it, the
entire world is willing to pay for it
and the economic value is being
generated, financing is still a problem.
You need to organize the capital to make
it happen. And we are now hitting the
wall in latest 2028, very latest 2028.
We hitting a wall to just be able to
organize capital for that crazy growth
that Nvidia has. And that is exactly
where this deal comes in because
because this deal allows the world's
biggest asset managers to actually turn
compute into something that is much more
a commodity, something much more like
real estate, an investable asset for
capital markets directly.
Okay, you can bypass the client. You can
bypass Microsoft. You can bypass Nebas
and the Neoclouds. You can bypass the
other hyperscalers in terms of financing
by unlocking the true financial markets,
the power of deep financial markets for
financing a new type of asset class
which is compute
and that is exactly what they're working
on. How can you bypass this entire
structure? So a Microsoft or a Nebius or
any kind of company or sovereign state
can tap capital markets directly to
raise the financing and put compute as
collateral against it.
So instead if you want to spend let's
say $300 billion in capex as Microsoft
but you don't have the money you need to
organize it.
Think about it's like buying a house. If
you want to buy a million-doll home, you
don't need a million dollars. You just
need 200,000 down payment. Probably
100,000. I don't know what the latest
is. You need 20% down payment. Why is
that? Because banks in the capital
market say it's not about you borrowing
the money, we can look at your house and
we can say that house that you want to
buy, if you put down 20% equity, we give
you the rest because we own the house.
Hey, on this channel, we do something
very important. We deeply analyze,
understand, and predict capital, AGI,
and politics. Not just to beat the
markets and make a lot of money, even
though that's important, but also to
build a new society and make the future
good for all of us, the pioneers. If you
want to help me on this journey, you can
do that by doing a very simple thing.
Like and subscribe. It helps me a lot.
Thank you so much for your support. And
let's get back to the video. But it's
non-trivial to own the house for the
market. The house needs to be
commoditized. The house needs to be
raidable. The house needs to be
derisked. And of course, in real estate,
that has all happened. That's why you
can buy houses for a million dollars.
You can buy $5 million homes. What
Nvidia and these six super companies in
finance
are doing here is doing exactly that.
They want to make GPUs,
installed GPUs, in other words, compute
based on the Nvidia standards, H100,
B200, all that kind of stuff. There are
Reubins, the different GPU classes. They
want to turn that into a commodity that
can be financed. So, if you're
Microsoft, you want $300 billion and
you're going out to capital markets,
you're not saying, "I am Microsoft. I'm
issuing shares or I'm issuing bonds.
Please give me money because I'm
Microsoft because that has limits.
Instead, Microsoft goes out and says,
don't give me the money. I mean, give me
the money, but don't just give it to me
as a corporate loan.
You can collateralize my GPUs for that
because you give me the money to
purchase Nvidia GPUs. You don't give me
the money and I do whatever I want. you
give it to me to purchase GPUs and
because you know what you're getting
there and it's d-risked and we will
explain in a second why it's d-risked
then the capital market says sure I
don't care if you're Microsoft that's
great because we are willing to finance
these GPUs that is a capital structure
that needs to be designed the contracts
need to be designed the risk profile
needs to be designed it needs to be
rated all these things need to happen
and then you need of course book runners
who go out and sell this GPU to compute
potential and that is exactly what
Nvidia is preparing and by doing so it
taps into hundreds of trillions of
dollars in of the free capital markets.
It bypasses its own clients in terms of
financing needs and unlocks infinite
capital effectively infinite capital for
the clients to borrow the money to buy
their GPUs and therefore solves the
problem for the next 10 20 30 trillion
and that's just that's just absolutely
ingenious. Now one of the big tricks
let's get into that that's very smart of
Nvidia is what is Nvidia's deal? Why
don't these firms do it without Nvidia?
Well, because there's one problem. If
you finance compute, you take on a lot
of risk because what happens if the
compute becomes less valuable? You are
basically buying a GPU and you're
renting out the per hour per use GPU
costs like whatever like a I don't know
the latest prices, but an H100 per hour
costs $180. Let's say something like
that.
And as a lender, you say, "Well, if you
want to borrow money from me to buy this
GPU," and it makes $180. I do the math
over 10 years, that makes you that many
dollars. So, I can lend against that
future value this amount for that
interest. But that requires that future
value to be derisked
because what happens if next year $180
per hour goes down to 0 or to 10 cents?
the entire math doesn't work anymore.
And so you cannot finance it. You cannot
turn it into a thing into an asset. And
so what Nvidia is doing here, it comes
in and says, you know what, all you six
super finance people, I Nvidia will
guarantee residual value support. Okay,
so Nvidia now guarantees 25% of an
individual opportunity. That's huge. So
the price cannot drop anymore from let's
say $2 to10 because Nvidia steps and say
you know what we guarantee 50 even if it
drops to 10 cents you're still getting
50 cents from us
and if you know anything about finance
and risk and interest and all these
decision-m processes for giving out a
loan this is absolutely enormous
absolutely enormous of course it's
limited by Nvidia's size you cannot
finance 10 trillion with that but you
can finance a few trillion with it. So
the underwriting is then independent by
asset managers and that solves the
problem. So Nvidia steps in as the
residual value supporter like the
government and that unlocks the
financing of the entire compute asset
class and that is absolutely huge. I
think this is ingenious. This is a
typical Yensen move. Absolutely
ingenious and it allows institutional
capital now independently
to finance Nvidia based AI factories as
I explained it's not nebius anymore it's
not on Microsoft on Google anymore on
core it is now institutional capital
buying and guaranteeing the GPUs
or buying the GPUs for these neoclouds
and charging the neoclouds certain
interest rates the neoclouds take some
of the risk pay off the lenders can pass
through the capex to capital markets and
have free free free
run all ahead into trillions and
trillions of dollars of GPU built out
very good for Nvidia they solve their
giant growth problem also very good by
the way for companies that want to do
the buildout including SpaceX the
biggest of all SpaceX wants to build out
gigawatts and gigawatts hundreds of
billions of dollars next year alone in
terrestrial GPU you build out from
Nvidia. If Nvidia pulls this off, and
they probably will, then SpaceX also can
go out of capital markets and have that
financed and just raise as much money as
they want. Beautiful. So, there you have
it.
And
this is actually
beautiful a step forward to turn compute
into a tradable financial assets. Nvidia
solving its 10-year financing question.
Huge deal. And the next step to really
boost Nvidia stock because if you have
seen that Nvidia wasn't boosted too much
by this news because right now it's not
done. So for us here at Pineelians we're
looking at what's happening and saying
this is a very smart move. What we need
to see now is the actual deal because
the deal hasn't happened yet. The
structure only becomes real when the
first transactions are funded. Okay. And
the first residual is test in a
secondary market. That would be very
real, right? If you can basically
package these loans and resell them and
the market digests them and we see the
interest rates and all the risk built
in, we know the numbers. And once that
happens, once these first transactions
go through on a multi-billion dollar
scale, it will be an absolute bonanza
for Nvidia stock. So, let's watch this
very closely and see when these first
financings actually happen. Probably in
6 months or something. But the
preparation, the groundwork is being
laid, maybe faster than 6 months.
Very exciting times. If you want to know
more, we have the weekly brief. Of
course, this is part of the weekly
brief. And in the weekly brief, we will
discuss actually another important thing
or a new company that turns compute into
a traded GPU price index. Okay, very
interesting with Chicago uh exchanges
and and New York and what that means for
Goldman's projections. So, we don't just
see Nvidia, we see other people working
on this commodization strategy. huge
deal. We will also see why SpaceX shares
last week skyrocketed when Elon said a
certain thing about its September
outlook. We will have that all also
covered in the weekly brief and then go
through our favorite stocks of course to
see what's happening with Nvidia, what's
the current outlook, Micron of course,
lots of things happening there. SpaceX,
how the 135 barrier holds or not with a
new unlock of shares and of course
Tesla, my old and now new favorite cuz I
think it's a little underrated. So I
hope to see you in the weekly brief the
full brief. Go to pioneerlands.org org
and there you will find the weekly brief
and every week we're covering capital
markets and your favorite AI stocks
including Tesla, SpaceX and many other.
You shouldn't miss that. Also in the
weekly brief by the way we have a
segment AI Frontier where we cover the
latest in AI Frontier models so we
understand what the future brings. And
we have a new segment, politics, where
we cover all the transformative things
that are happening in the United States
and Europe. So check it out. See you in
Paneer Lens.