Channel:     jobhakdi
Title:       Why Tesla Semi Is BIGGER Than Robotaxi
URL:         https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7OX0iD3vuno
Published:   2026-05-04 18:24 UTC
Fetched:     2026-05-04 19:00 UTC

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

We have to talk about Tesla's products
that are being overlooked right now. Why
is this important? Because Tesla, yes,
we know it's all about robo taxis. It's
all about Optimus. It's all about space
AI. But there are some things happening
in Tesla that are actually worth
mentioning because they show us that
while everyone is staring at the big fat
things that define the future, that
there are also other things going on
that are more in the conventional space,
but actually connected to that future.
And of course, I'm talking about the
semi in case you didn't know. The Tesla
Semi is this beautiful truck. Look at
this. This beautiful.
Now, trucking is an enormous market. A
market that actually has multi multi-
trillion dollar potential. The entire
goods transportation market also eating
into train transportation and the
transportation of goods on rail. That is
an adjacent competitive market to some
extent. There's some overlap. Of course,
when you think about these trucks
driving over the highway, often there
are also rail uh pathways. So, the
future, you can see these trucks also
taking over more from rail. But of
course, there's also a giant trucking
industry. Think about the United States
and all the trucking that's going on.
But also in Europe, also all over the
place. When you're on the highway, count
all the trucks, the big trucks, and you
will see this is a ridiculously large
market. It is actually the entire goods
and services, terrestrial transportation
related to this. So we are talking about
the entire economy being transported
through these things unless they're
being flown. But even from airports,
they need to be loaded into these
things. So this is not a small thing. It
is just a thing that people tend to
overlook because it's so specialized and
no one really thinks about it. Tesla
does think about it. And I want to today
go into a amazing amazing tweet or post
we got from Jeeps Texas. Shout out to
Jeeps Texas. This is a great writeup
that explains how huge this is. And of
course there is a tweak to it that makes
it even bigger that I'm going to go into
at the end of this. But let's first look
at some economics so we understand from
a stock perspective, from an investor
perspective, for from a perspective of
people who are interested in Tesla as a
company. Why this is so important? So,
Jeep's TX makes a huge prediction. Tesla
Semi will outsell diesel class 8 trucks.
In case you don't know what that means,
these are basically the the core the
workh horses of the entire semi market,
right, of all these trucks. So, most
people have no idea what the semi is
about to do to class 8 diesel truck
sales in America. So, in 2025, the US
saw roughly 28,000
class 8 heavy trucks sold, right? These
things cost 200 to 300,000 bucks. Uh,
and you can do the math, right? That's
basically 10x a car, maybe 8x a car. So,
if you multiply this with 10, talking
about 2 million cars, it's the
equivalent in terms of revenue of adding
another 2 million model wise. Let's say,
let's make it conservative, 1.5 million
model wise, right? were Model 3s. Just
imagine what that would do to the stock.
This is not pie in the sky. This is not
robo taxi optimus fantasies. This is the
central central core business of Tesla.
And we are talking about the equivalent
of you know 1.5 million additional sales
if they would take over the entire
market. But let's see what is happening
here. And Jeeps Texas says is positioned
squarely in the 33,000
pound GVWR over the road big rig
category. Tesla's dedicated Nevada
factory is designed for a full ramp
capacity of 50,000 units annually. A
milestone targeted for the second half
of 2026. So there you have it. This year
in the second half we already expect to
Tesla hitting that run rate of 50,000
units annually. Of course that doesn't
mean 50,000 units this year. It means
hitting the run rate maybe with a little
bit of luck by December going into 2027
with the expectation of a full ramp
meaning 50,000 units in 2027.
So achieving this 50,000 unit target in
sales means they would capture simple
math 25% of the total US class 8 market
volume. And as you know that if that's
let's do simple math roughly
1.5 million Model Y's additional Model Y
sold that is the equivalent of a quarter
of that. So let's say 400,000
additional sales and if you a 100,000
per quarter you know think in Model Y
equivalents. Now if you follow Tesla at
all and you look at these deliveries
quarterly deliveries just think about
that. Think about what would happen if
Tesla would deliver a 100,000
additional Model Y every single quarter.
Would that be good for the stock? Yes,
it would. Would it be transformative for
the stock? Would it drive the stock to
600? No, it wouldn't. But it would
provide a tremendous
continuous
tailwind on the fundamentals. That's all
we need. It would hold the stock up and
add a lot of momentum in the 5% 10%
stock incremental increase range. Very
powerful. No one talks about it. And
that is one of these big d-risking
components that's coming into the stock
here. And here is why Tesla can just
move into a completely new market and
just take over. Why can Tesla do that?
Because Tesla again thinks based on
first principles, based on a lot of
engineering capability. They were one of
the first people who had the idea about
an electric truck, but the the first
ones who actually make it happen in an
economically and manufacturing way that
makes sense. So here is the math that we
actually understand about the economics.
Diesel costs, the standard class 8
diesel truck. So the competition
averages about 6.5 m per gallon, right?
These are big things, not very good mile
per gallon ratios. With diesel price
reaching 550 per gallon during recent
price spikes, fueling a traditional rig
for a 500 mile trip cost the fleet
operator around 375 bucks every 500
miles. Electric efficiency, the Tesla
semi operates at an impressive
efficiency, 1.64 to 1.7 kW. Long story
short, 75 bucks in electricity. So
you're competing $375 operating costs on
electric on on on diesel versus 75. Just
let that sink in. Imagine any product
category where you move in and suddenly
what is it like a quarter less than a
quarter like 20%. You cut costs
operating costs by 80%
just on fuel costs. You can't compete
with that. You need to buy these things.
as Tesla scales the Nevada factory and
expands its mega charger network.
Important, right? You need these mega
chargers all across the nation
across commercial routes. Easier than
superchargers because it's not that many
routes compared to cars. The legacy
diesel big rig isn't just facing new
competition, it's facing structural
obsolescence. So, most people have no
idea what the semi is about to do class
8 diesel truck sales in America. So,
there you have it. That is the pitch.
When you look at that beautiful thing
here, look at how cool this looks like.
This comes out of left field for a lot
of people who only focus on the cars and
only focus on of course robo taxi and
Optimus. But I just want to throw this
in. This is happening. It's a very big
deal. And when you understand that just
on fuel costs alone, it's lowering
operating costs. Let that sink in by
80%.
You know what the other piece of the
operating costs are? the actual bigger
piece of the operating costs, right? If
you drive this route and you know you
drive 500 miles maybe in a day, I don't
know how long you can drive. It is the
driver. Okay? Because the driver needs
to get paid. And the driver is more than
the energy costs. and the driver. Guess
what happens to the driver in a robo
trucking environment that I predict we
will see starting in 2027 at least some
pilots or something where we start
replacing human drivers with these robo
trucks and then you're not just talking
about 80% reduction of fuel costs but
you're talking about 80% plus reduction
of the actual complete operating costs
for a trucking business. And when that
happens, no trucking company in America
can sit there and not switch to the
Tesla Semi. So, it is safe to say, in my
opinion, that Tesla Semi will be sold
out forever. Tesla Semi will be able not
just to take over close to 100% of the
market share, but also replace the
entire install base of trucks. Because
once you're in the business of dropping
operating costs, complete operating
costs for any business by 80%, there is
no alternative anymore. And if you think
some competitor from China or whatever
can compete with the Tesla SMI, show me
the goods. Show it to me in the
comments. Show it to me in the Pioneer
Academy. Go to pioneeracademy.com
or to pioneerens.org. Ask your questions
and show me who can actually compete
with that. who has an electric truck
that can be manufactured at scale,
deployed in the United States, and is a
robo trucking ready thing. I want to see
that because I don't believe it. Well, I
believe it when I see it. Hey, on this
channel, we do something very important.
We deeply analyze, understand, and
predict capital, AGI, and politics. not
just to beat the markets and make a lot
of money, even though that's important,
but also to build a new society and make
the future good for all of us, the
pioneers. If you want to help me on this
journey, you can do that by doing a very
simple thing, like and subscribe. It
helps me a lot. Thank you so much for
your support. And let's get back to the
video. And that means Tesla's unlocking
something huge. By the way, this will
not just make money like the money you
make by selling the semis. It will make
money through a subscription model,
transportation as a service once you
have robo trucking installed. They will
probably still go through the truck
track trucking companies because that's
complicated to get all the business and
stuff. But these companies can now pay
Tesla a significant share of what is
formerly known as the operating costs.
If you replace a driver, Tesla's not
going to give you robo trucking for
free. It's going to probably charge you
20% or something, maybe 10%, 10 or 20%
of the driver's salary. The AI paradigm
at full play. The AI paradigm replacing
human workers here drivers and taking a
share of the salary probably 20% between
10 and 20% is my estimate. And then we
are talking about 80% reduction, 80% in
energy costs, 80% in labor costs. And
this 20% in labor costs goes straight to
Tesla's bottom line. And that is where
this turns from 1.5 million additional
Model Y sales or 400,000 additional
Model Y sales into something enormous
that will eclipse the free cash flow
generated by the entire core business of
Tesla just through robot uh robot
trucking alone. Of course, the race
comes on top of it. Robbo taxi and so
on. But this is just another reason why
Tesla is so well positioned. I want to
sound like a fanboy. I'm just giving you
the facts and giving the facts. And that
is exactly what's happening here. That
is why Tesla has a ridiculously high P
price earnings ratio right now. Because
all these things are not just coming up.
They are not just on a discounted cash
flow basis. Huge huge value chunks of
the stock. These are also right now at
the inflection point in 2026. Both robo
taxi and the semi and next year probably
robo trucking is huge. So I hope that
was interesting. It gives you a little
bit of perspective what this stock has
in store for us. And after all the long
weights, 2026 is the year where they all
come into play. I hope that was
interesting and see you tomorrow.