Channel:     futureaza
Title:       Yatri Set to Dismantle Chinese E-Scooter Dominance in Nepal!
URL:         https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PDtKH4ZAHjM
Published:   2026-09-13 10:15 UTC
Fetched:     2026-09-13 11:00 UTC

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

to gain that attention as well and to
showcase like what our engineering team
can achieve in terms of design and
performance. Few days at numbers
bookings have already been received in
just 3 days after all the show without
revealing the price. From day one we had
8 to 10 engineering team. So it was a
very multi-disiplinary effort. It
shifted definition of scooter from being
an urban commuter towards a really
capable intercity traveler. And that's
what what we're trying to you know do
with the uh charging network here in
Nepal. I would actually define P1 as a
very grand success. Actually
in Nepal there is a huge move toward
electrification and that means
everything. It doesn't just mean cars
though those are coming along nicely. It
doesn't just mean buses though those are
starting to pick up speed. It also means
electric mobility at the two-wheel
level. And it doesn't have to mean it
comes from China or India. We've got a
very exciting interview today. We're
talking with the CEO of Yatri Motors.
[music]
&gt;&gt; 3 2 1.
&gt;&gt; And you have it. This is Y2. A
remarkable expression of Natali
innovation proudly designed, engineered
and manufactured in Nepal. Come on,
let's give it a huge round of applause
[music]
who make electric mobility devices right
here in Nepal. I'm Brian. Welcome to
Futurza. So, introduce yourself and tell
me where we are.
&gt;&gt; Um, thank you. Uh, first of all, thank
you very much for making your time
talking by Yatri motorcycles research
and development facility. Uh, I am Aim,
uh, CEO and founder of Yatri
Motorcycles. Basically, where we are at
is a small humble space that began in
[music] 2017. Um, and ever since, you
know, the inception of Yatri
motorcycles, we've been performance
[music] focused electric vehicle
platforms. This has been the single most
biggest pain point for a lot of uh
electric two wheel enthusiasts from the
early days. And that is the gap that we
saw early on. And the whole point of
Yatri is basically to to really merge
that gap and and uh develop uh purpose
built electric vehicles here right here
in Nepal.
&gt;&gt; Okay. And um we'll probably have some
B-roll of the shop, but you've got all
the equipment here. You've got uh all
kinds of tooling that you would need,
not just for R&amp;D, but for small scale
production. You made the Atri
motorcycle. Um tell me what was
different about that at the time that
you were working on it. Yeah, uh like I
said when we began our operations back
in 2017, uh the electrification scene
was very different to what we are
experiencing right now here in Nepal. Um
and as a engineering
firm in Nepal uh it was very difficult
for us to get any sort of let's say
credibility at at the very beginning you
know because uh we're famous famous for
a lot of things but engineering and for
a capital product like a motorcycle it
had to be something different at least
that that's what we thought and P1 the
first commercial platform uh actually P
0 Even before the research platform was
uh based on a very exciting and I would
say polarizing segment because the cafe
racer and the dual sport is something a
lot of people are really excited about
but also a lot of people frown uh you
know in Nepal because it's a bit more
intimidating. Um so the story behind
those platforms were to really uh find
the gap where dual sport electric
motorcycles was really uh not present
anywhere near uh consumer consumer
options back then. So that is where we
wanted to start uh to become uh a bit
bit more polarizing and to gain that
attention as well and to showcase like
what our engineering team can achieve in
terms of design and performance.
&gt;&gt; So you wanted to stand out, you did, but
you were maybe a little too early to the
market. And if people don't know about
electrification yet, it's it's a tough
sell in the beginning. Now, yesterday at
the k at the auto show, I had a chance
to talk to some of your engineers. What
I want people to know is that you're not
just buying kits from China or India and
building them. You do in-house software.
You do in-house uh battery management.
Uh you have all of the team that
actually does these things.
&gt;&gt; Tell me about that.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. uh you know like uh from day one
the idea of Yatri motorcycles was not
really uh we didn't exist to just bring
in kits and and assemble parts but like
I said it was purpose-driven uh
engineering exercise for us because the
terrain here it's it's unforgiving and
and that that is the single reason how
things have changed that the paradigm
shift has happened in the four-wheeler
segment hasn't happened in two wheeler
so you know from day one we had 8 to and
engineering team. So it it was a very
multi-disiplinary
uh effort. Uh so not just software uh
and battery design but also right from
the you know the ground up developed
from the chassis the biggest bracket you
know that that actually connects every
other system. So electric electrical
architecture like what voltage
architecture that we have to build
around the whole vehicle because that
was actually very important [music] for
us uh in terms of power management the
powertrain design the whole drivetrain
you know um and the endurance of the
powertrain. So from that up to the
transportation design how the scooter
should look like how the motorcycle
should look like uh from the proportions
to everything you know. So we have a
team uh from transportation design,
mechanical design, FEA, test
verification, validation
um you know like all the way to
purchasing procurement because we do
have a very diverse supply chain
originating from all sort of uh parts of
the world. Um so yeah it's it's a very
uh multi-disiplinary effort and the
extent of ground of development is we
bring raw steel we cut it process it
weld it and then we dip it to for the
painting of the chassis uh to you know
bringing in the wires the terminals
connectors and creating our own
harnesses high voltage harness low
voltage harness and the embedded systems
the PCB designing of the trace to
writing the firmware on the PCBs as
well. So, so it's it's a that gives us a
very unique opportunity for us to
control both hardware software and
create a very meaningful user
experience. Uh yeah. Yeah.
&gt;&gt; And when you encounter a weird problem,
you know where to find it.
&gt;&gt; Exactly.
&gt;&gt; Because you did it.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. No one to blame but yourself. So
the scooter is really what we're talking
about today. One of the things that you
did differently that really impressed me
was it doesn't have LFP batteries.
Why the decision to go with the 2170 LG
cells?
&gt;&gt; Um well, it basically came down to
energy density. uh you know uh another
another reason why uh the market is slow
to pick on these uh two wheel
electrified two wheelers is the fact
that uh there's not enough range
especially on a very mountainous terrain
like Nepal uh and you know like when you
have uh such challenging terrains the W
hour per kilometer the efficiency goes
like you know off the off the roof so
and and the packaging you know like we
have a very limited space uh where you
have to put in as many uh you know uh
kilowatt hour of battery as possible.
People need good ground clearance. Uh
people need to have a very ergonomic
position so their feet can't go up. They
need a very big uh luggage space under
their seat. So a lot of like conflicting
requirements uh with uh you know need
for a bigger range. So there was there
wasn't any choice but to go with NCM
chemistry and that really fulfilled our
our uh like really uh demanding range
requirements and uh not just the energy
density and the range but also the fact
that our uh system required more uh
discharge capacity of the cells. So you
know like two times three times the
rated discharge rating means we could
get you know we could uh overcome any
sort of terrain not just with you but
with your friend on your back you know
so so both from range and discharge
capacity uh you know that was basically
no-brainer for us
&gt;&gt; and you don't want it to get too heavy.
&gt;&gt; Exactly.
&gt;&gt; And you would run out of space and then
you get into other problems. Is the
range going to be pretty comparable to
like any other scooter?
&gt;&gt; Uh I think not because you know a lot of
uh like you said in the beginning you
know a lot of scooters are coming in
from China and India and they have their
own drive cycle standards. They have
their own testing standards.
&gt;&gt; But I mean the gas ones.
&gt;&gt; Oh right. Um
yes I would say so because you know for
some weird reason every gasoline
scooters have a very small tank.
&gt;&gt; Very small. Yeah. Uh I mean if they
would have
&gt;&gt; it's weight if you're if you're moving
side to side and it slloshes it'll pull
you over.
&gt;&gt; Right. Right. So uh perhaps yeah that is
the reason you know because if you if
they would have a bigger tank like
motorcycle like 10 L 20 12 L uh the
range would be quite good but because
they are small 5 6 L tanks uh I think
with the range extender that we have uh
we're almost on par with with what
they're offering right now. And I think
that's more than enough. I think people
are going to be charging more often than
they go get gas because it's easy. It's
convenient. And in my gas car, I've run
out of gas. In my electric car, I've
never run out. I know how much I have
all the time.
&gt;&gt; And uh maybe I'll just adding to that
point is the fact that the range anxiety
we believe at is just a charging anxiety
in disguise, you know. So um what we
have done with electrical architecture
of the charging is uh remove the hassle
out of charging the scooters where a lot
of uh EVs come with a very bulky and
ugly charging adapters especially for
the scooters. So we're offering um an
onboard charger a very powerful onboard
charger so so that it becomes really
easy for you to plug into any AC outlet
uh and it charges in under 2 and 1/2
hours. Um, and then we have our own uh
national network of DC fast chargers as
well.
&gt;&gt; Is that what I'm seeing over there?
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; And that gets you up to speed, you know,
like uh 80% in just 40 [music] minutes.
And uh you know, with that sort of like
speed and convenience uh Yeah. And and
and experience like you said, you know,
you you always know how much you're
going to get. uh with all of those uh
things put together I think it becomes a
really not just a shift definition of
scooter from being an urban commuter
towards a really capable intercity
traveler and that's what what we're
trying to you know do with the uh
charging network here in Nepal
&gt;&gt; and what I'll say is further on the gas
point if I have a quarter of a tank I
don't know what that means is that 50
miles that 100 I just got to get gas uh
so You do have your own proprietary
chargers, but that doesn't mean that the
bikes are locked to them. They can still
charge
&gt;&gt; anywhere. Any AC outlets. Yes.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. And the reason the charge is 2
hours instead of 20 minutes is because
it's air cooled,
&gt;&gt; right? It's air cooled. And uh you know
um these LZ cells or any for that matter
have their own rated charging current
and we don't want to be like you know
going against what the manufacturers
have uh stipulated against that use. So
we do want to be within the range of
what the the LG for instance has you
know stipulated for both charging and
discharging.
&gt;&gt; Sure.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. So on the on the bikes you're
getting components from all over the
world. You've did all the design here,
all the integration here. You're hoping
to get them out when?
&gt;&gt; Uh this October. So this fall.
&gt;&gt; Oh my gosh.
&gt;&gt; Uh you will be seeing P2s all over all
over Nepal.
&gt;&gt; Do you have a manufacturing facility
yet?
&gt;&gt; Yes. Uh it's coming live uh next month
in September.
&gt;&gt; Uh we're doing pilot at the end of the
month and uh yeah from October it's
going to roll out.
&gt;&gt; Wow. Okay. So that's the real challenge
is you can't sell them too cheap because
you'll run out of money and if you try
and sell them too high you end up in a
problem. So you have the funding to get
the factory open, toolled up and ready.
&gt;&gt; Okay. Uh now of course we have to talk
about price not the actual price but
generally speaking um because these are
handmade and local at the I mean limited
numbers in the beginning I can see there
being a lot of people who would buy one
for the cool factor or because they want
to support the local economy.
you'll move a bunch that way, but over
time you're competing against companies
that make a 100,000 units.
Uh what part of the market do you think
the pricing will be in? Cuz you haven't
announced it yet, have you?
&gt;&gt; No, we're announcing next month on on
17th September. Um yeah uh on the
pricing front you know that's that has
always been one of the biggest challenge
for Yatri you know uh because it's not
just the economy of scale you know we're
competing against like you said we have
a very limited uh throughput of the
factory uh we have very limited uh
sourcing arrangements with our vendors
that obviously puts up puts us uh in in
the back foot in terms of negotiating a
really good deal. um uh especially
because you know uh we've been very uh
ambitious in terms of how do we I mean
uh with whom do we work with so we
worked with a lot of tier one suppliers
and technology partners that are working
with these you know industry leaders as
well so you know um that also
kind of puts us in the back foot in
terms of our negotiating capacity for
now at least yeah and and and that is
one part the second part is you know a
lot These big uh uh you know
manufacturers already enjoy some sort of
like uh local industry protection
policies from the government you know
whether that is from production linked
incentives or even the pull from the
market like user subsidies you know just
to encourage the uh the purchase of
electric vehicles you know so uh we've
actually had none of these support so
far and that again there isn't any level
playing field really to be honest uh but
I I think you know what our team has
done in terms of engineering this zero
compromise machine and the kind of
pricing we have been able to achieve
from the relentless 2 years of
development I think we're still uh we're
still in the picture of competitiveness
you know um so just to like summarize in
a very short uh to give you the answer I
think uh we're not just looking at
enthusiast market right now I think
we've we're now at the starting ing
starting point of let's say the tail end
of uh really mass market pricing and uh
entry level of uh you know slightly
upper uh or lower let's say premium uh
segment. So we're in that spot and where
we're constantly trying to you know come
down to uh mass market and like you said
you know when we have more support and
the volume starts picking up I think uh
the value engineering is there uh we
we'll be optimizing the designs and in
in in a few few years time I think um we
should be
you know coming on the floor with very
very good competitive uh pricing as
well. Do you have a tax advantage by
bringing in just the parts instead of
the whole vehicle?
&gt;&gt; Yeah. I mean that that's a sad story you
know because that is um actually not the
case because for instance I'll give you
one example the battery pack which uh we
bring in as raw material uh because we
do assemble the battery packs here in
Nepal
&gt;&gt; the actual pack module sort of.
&gt;&gt; Right. Right. So electrical mechanical
integration h happens here and we're
paying 16% more on the battery packs
than a finished goods that an importer
brings into Nepal. And considering that
battery packs contributes about 35 40
45% of the vehicle cost um you know that
that puts us that that's a big hit on us
you know.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
So, the Atri motorcycle, the original
one, this guy here, uh was not the
success that you hoped it would be.
What [music] went wrong and how are you
avoiding it this time?
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Well, uh you know um I would
actually uh define P1 as a very you know
grand success actually you know uh
because we had uh we we built a team
that could work on the forefront uh and
kind of like you know um develop a
platform that is ready to hit the market
on uh on consumer's hands. So, so in
terms of engineering, we we we had that
like locked in. The the biggest I would
challenge that we faced with P1 platform
was actually being able to register the
the legal policy gap that
&gt;&gt; Oh, wow.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. So uh we there was there wasn't
any policy that was you know allowing
indigenous [music] manufacturer like us
to register the vehicle for public roads
and that was actually the biggest
challenge you know and um the grand
success why do I say it is because you
know like um we
basically you know uh had the legal
battle with the with the government for
over one and a half years. uh you know
went to every ministry everywhere
possible basically you know and at the
end of the day there was a big national
outcry a lot of uh you know every public
out there you know supporting us and and
and making their voices heard you know
and um and the government were forced to
basically create a directive where you
know uh manufacturers like us could
register the vehicle uh and basically
paved out a way for us to you know bring
this uh like beautiful machines to the
road and in in that sense you know it
was a grand success for us
&gt;&gt; and this one you're having because the
laws have changed
&gt;&gt; and uh no problem the transition you
know that has happened uh so extremely
you know because when we first uh
developed the MVP of this scooter back 2
years ago even the first prototype got
its number registration plate to go to
the roads you know so transition from
our end users not being
not getting registration to our first
prototype in P2 to getting registration
was a big, you know, big difference.
&gt;&gt; That's frustrating. I know the electric
bus conversion is going through the same
thing. They can't get it road legal.
They can't test it. Where in the US we
do things a little differently. We take
the Airbud approach where there's no
rule that says a dog can't play
basketball. Of course, a dog can't play
basketball, but uh in the US, I could
build a car in my garage and get plates
for it. That's crazy. That's a bad idea.
Both extremes are bad. So, what is the
volume projection you're looking at?
What are you hoping to get to within a
in the first few months, within a year?
Um I think it's going to be quite uh uh
quite a different for the first few
months because I think there has been a
lot of anticipation, curiosity and you
know a very strong following of uh
people of what we're doing and uh the
kind of interest that has been brewed
over the years. I think that we'll we'll
see quite a quite a good spike of uh
sales in the first like let's say first
quarter. Uh but I'm sure that's going to
level off. Uh and people are just going
to like wait and see um you know how
Yeah. which is very normal. But the fact
that the kind of effort that has been
like powered uh you know into the
platform and the kind of confidence we
are in terms of how capable and how
purpose-built it is for our Nepal's
roads and for our Nepali users. Um uh
we're actually really excited about the
numbers we'll be seeing towards the end
of the year and and and and and we and
and the number that we will build and
the fact that confidence has shown in
the capacity of our factory as well. Uh
you know uh from year one our throughput
capacity will be about 10,000 units. Um
and that is very scalable up to 30
40,000 units per year with with just
minor tweaking of the factory we can get
to that volume. Yeah. Mhm. So your
capacity is 10 up to 30 40 maybe beyond.
How many do you think you'll actually
sell though? Will you be happy if it's
100 or 500?
&gt;&gt; Actually, you know, we've gotten more uh
bookings like very serious bookings uh
already in the first few days of NA auto
show. Three-digit numbers bookings have
already been received in just 3 days uh
of the auto show without revealing the
price. And we don't want to get ahead of
ourselves. We don't want to like just
because we had we have a lot of uh
reservation doesn't mean we'll you know
we want to make sure the service network
uh the quality of service uh we want to
basically you know make sure every user
gets a very good care u and and and we
also want to scale our service network
you know in parallel um but we are ready
for you know uh a couple of thousand
units in in the first year. Yeah. Uh,
are you having an event for the for the
first deliveries?
&gt;&gt; Maybe the first 10 buyers, the first,
you know, five.
&gt;&gt; Yes. Uh,
&gt;&gt; you got to do that, right?
&gt;&gt; Bring them in. Have balloons,
&gt;&gt; bunch of cameras.
&gt;&gt; So, you're definitely doing that, right?
&gt;&gt; Yes.
&gt;&gt; Let us know. We'll send someone out to
get footage because that's exciting
stuff.
&gt;&gt; One of my biggest concerns is your
supply chain. It's coming from
everywhere, but there's only so many
ways to get stuff into the country. And
if you have 99% of the parts, you don't
have a bike.
Uh what steps are you taking to make
sure you get the things you need when
you need them without having 6 months of
stuff on the shelves?
&gt;&gt; Yeah, exactly. you know like uh for for
uh an OEM like us and aspiring to be a
very serious uh manufacturer uh supply
chain and logistics uh was or I would
say is equally important if not more
than the engineering part itself you
know and that also kind of reflects on
our team and how they've like built a
very res resilient supply chain uh we've
already have a few key vendors you know
we have alternate key key fuel vendors
who we depend on like let's say the
battery packs uh you know um those sort
of like key vendors we're already
looking at alternatives [music]
uh that is from the supply chain itself
uh from the purchasing let's say from
the side and on the logistics you know
we're partnering with a lot of uh tier
one freight forwarders uh that already
gives us heads up from you know like in
terms of congestion and what sort of
like movement uh and also some spec uh
specific uh high priority trunk line
that really you know speeds up uh you
know for a normal shipping line it would
take let's say from China from Gongjao
Sanenzhen it would take like 45 50 days
from the trunk line you know we can
reduce that time to 20 25 days you know
so we have a very uh sophisticated ERP
system as well that we That gives us a
bird's eye view of our uh factory
warehouse. Uh the kind of uh throughput
that's been going on with the factory
line and purchasing team, you know, are
on standby. And we have a very
sophisticated let's say um purchasing
mechanism in place you know just to make
sure at least uh normal uh business as
usual can happen without uh like you
said 1% of uh you know parts not being
here. So we we we our ERP system uh
makes sure uh we don't run into that
problem unless you know like you I think
you already know about a very big
unfortunate uh you know landslide has
gone on uh the north side of Nepal
[music]
and uh you know unless that sort of
events occur occur I think we're uh
pretty um robust in terms [music] of
supply chain design.
&gt;&gt; Okay. Is there anything I'm forgetting
to ask? uh maybe I would uh maybe add on
to the supply chain itself. You know, I
think one thing has to be cleared is
while we're working as a very normal OEM
modality where we are depending on a lot
of suppliers but um you know more than
80% of the
the system is actually designed inhouse
here and a lot of integration happens
here. For instance, the injection
molding all the panels are actually
being manufactured here in Nepal. uh the
chassis uh you know the the backbone of
the of the vehicle is also designed and
manufactured in in Nepal. Um so a lot of
like you know critical things uh we're
developing [music]
partnerships with local factories. So
we're trying to also you know uh build
supply chain [music] local supply chain.
We're trying trying to do a lot of like
knowledge transfer uh training workshops
you know uh our production team has been
phenomenal in in terms of like you know
transferring [music] the knowledge to uh
other other partners in in in local
economy and you know from rubber
bushings to chassis to you know uh paint
uh everything you know like uh things
that you see uh are are already being
developed here in Nepal. I had a chance
to talk with the battery integration
manager and it was fascinating. I asked
him well what is give me an example of a
big challenge you had to overcome and he
talked about packaging it's difficult
it's not just small space it's weird
space and some of the steps that were
taken to mitigate heat and water
intrusion and I won't say what they are
because that's your stuff but I was very
impressed uh so that I have confidence
in your team I it looks like you picked
the right people and uh I want to thank
you for giving me so generously of your
time and for letting us into your design
studio.
&gt;&gt; No, thank thank you so much and uh yeah,
it's a great opportunity for us to also
like, you know, showcase what we've done
to your uh audience and we're really
excited uh for what they have to say
about us, you know, and thank you for
having me.
&gt;&gt; Absolutely. So, what did we miss? What
did we misunderstand? Leave it in them
comments below. Everyone else, like,
subscribe. You know what you're doing.
Stay tuned. Stay juicy. And I cannot
wait to hear from you clever robots on
the next thrilling installment.