Channel:     futureaza
Title:       Tesla Isn't Telling You Everything About Optimus
URL:         https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GfOo9c1PFkM
Published:   2026-07-13 10:15 UTC
Fetched:     2026-07-13 11:00 UTC

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

I go through these and I I've been
guilty of this myself. I was like, "Oh
my gosh, it's happening. It's gonna
happen right now." I think that that um
it's going to go more slowly than we
think that yes, it will displace jobs
and yes, it will dis be disruptive for
individuals, but society, I think that
what's going to happen is we are going
to grow the pie. The labor market is
going to get larger. There are going to
be more things made for cheaper and
higher quality. And I won't get into too
much detail about this, but we went to
visit a place where they were working on
a project of floppy things that a robot
was having to deal with. And they were
having to use, it wasn't a humanoid that
they were using, but they were using a
robot arm with dextrous hands and a lot
of brains, a lot of thinking involved in
this. So, it turns out that it really
the brain actually matters more than you
think when it comes to this kind of
stuff. It's not just the fact that you
have very dextrous hands, but you have
to have this guy up here that's behind
them. that's able to go like, "Oh, it
flopped this way right now, so when I
put the blanket on, I'm going to do this
kind of emotion instead." You know, that
kind of a thing. So, yeah.
If there's one thing fans can't get
enough of, it's Optimus and discussions
surrounding Optimus. And the haters,
well, they love it, too. They can't help
themselves. They're watching these. So,
we're going to talk about them. We're
going to talk about some lessons learned
at summer meetup in a discussion with
Dr. Know-it-all and Dr. Scott Walter.
We're going to talk about tendons and
hands and motors. Are they consumable?
We're going to talk about uh whether
there will be different configurations
depending on the task. Fine motor, gross
motor, who knows? Maybe it needs to be
fireproof. Well, that's why I've got Dr.
Knowit All here. We're going to have
that discussion. We're going to do it
right now. I'm Brian. Welcome to
Futurazza.
&gt;&gt; So, Dr. Knowit all. Uh, in case you
didn't know this, you have a YouTube
channel. Uh, with
&gt;&gt; I do.
&gt;&gt; What?
&gt;&gt; You do? Oh my gosh. So, maybe you should
make some Maybe you should make some
good videos. Have you thought about
that?
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. But
&gt;&gt; 96,900
subscribers, guys. We got to push him
over the lemmings cliff as it were. And
he's also uh known to be on X. Uh, so
you can follow him there, too. Dr. know
it all 16 is the handle there. It's got
that 16.
&gt;&gt; It's not 69420 yet. I'm very upset with
everybody. I told you all last week.
&gt;&gt; Very upset. We just All we need is just
another 300ish
20ish. So get us get us there, won't
you? Uh him get him there, won't you? So
uh you had a recent uh video that you
published from our discussion in
Michigan. For some reason, the Q&amp;A that
I moderated for you did not uh appear
quite as it was meant to. The introdu I
was in that video. I was supposed to be
there.
&gt;&gt; I caught you. I caught you because I
lane my wife was recording and so I got
her recording of the end with your
questions. So, the audio kind of
collapsed, but we did get your questions
in there. And you were there. Pixar at
&gt;&gt; I was there. So, the question I have is
what was learned about robotics on that
day? because you guys had a fantastic
discussion.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, it was really good. And Josh West
was there too, of course. Uh I think
wow, what was learned in a package? You
stumped me with this question. I would I
would say that the future
that the slowly slowly then all at once.
Was that Ernest Hemingway originally? It
had a very negative context. I believe
that they said, "How did you go broke?"
And he said, "Slowly slowly then all at
once." And Dr. Jim fan actually took
that and kind of ran with it in a more
positive context. But that that
&gt;&gt; it's felt in fact Scott just posted
either yesterday or today that he said
that it feels like the progress in
robotics has been glacial for decades.
It's been very very very slow. But all
of a sudden we're getting the critical
mass of things together and all of a
sudden it's going to happen really
really quickly. I think that's I think
that's where we are. So my question on
that is and I agree with you. If you
look at Honda's very cool Azimo robot,
right?
&gt;&gt; It's it's forever.
&gt;&gt; It never went anywhere, right?
&gt;&gt; If you and if you look at even Boston
Dynamics in the pre-Otimus days, all
that thing was designed to do was entice
another fundraising round and it was
very successful at that mission.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. But when you look at what we've
seen not just from Tesla, but from a
hundred companies, they're doing demos.
They're all doing kinds of uh real
products that are actually out in the
world. Uh what we're seeing is pretty
amazing. Um is this a confluence of
technologies that finally makes it
possible? Is this a realization of how
vast the addressable market is? What's
driving it? Well, I'd say yes to both of
those. Uh, if we go back to the uh the
reason why something Whoops. like this
didn't exist prior to 2007, it was
simply because we did not have the
technologies there at the time to be
able to make it happen.
&gt;&gt; So, we needed the confluence of
technologies. With robotics, the
confluence is significantly more
challenging than a phone because you
have to have the brains, you have to
have the mobile compute capabilities,
which is a hardware issue, but also the
the software aspect. And people for the
longest time were barking up the wrong
tree and only relatively recently
realized that neural networks were the
way to go with all of this. Then you had
to have gigantic data centers that can
train them in a virtual world, blah blah
blah blah blah. At the exact same time,
you have to figure out how to build the
uh actuators, the things that move it
around. You have to figure out what
materials you're going to make this out
of. We did. Nobody knew, right? You
know, I think the original Boston
Dynamics um in fact, I know was a a
diesel motor with a hydraulic uh
hydraulic actuated rims. It was loud.
Loud. There's a reason those demos do
not have audio.
&gt;&gt; Exactly. It's because you were not going
to sneak up on the enemy with that
thing. That is for damn sure. So, you
know, so what is the correct way to do
this? How do you actuate things? We're
beginning to figure that stuff out.
Things are starting to converge. Stuff
is starting to look similar. I think the
only real um a well, even that didn't
have everything, but the agreement is
basically the humanoid body shape. Uh
but a lot of people still have wheels on
their vehicles. Um a couple of years ago
at CES robots.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, sorry. It's on the vehicles. on
the robots, right? A couple of years ago
at CES, I actually saw one with a
uniball underneath it. So, imagine like
a bowling ball and the robot was
balanced on which was really cool. Uh,
but you know, but that did not seem to
be the way that people went. But that
was a cool idea. It was sort of like a
trackpad, upside down trackpad if you
remember those things.
&gt;&gt; It's BB-8.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, it's BB-8. Exactly. So, so anyway,
so all of this stuff, you have to go in
a lot of directions and explore a lot of
possibilities before you start to figure
out what the best answer is
&gt;&gt; and we're still getting there. We
haven't even gotten there yet.
&gt;&gt; I can see all of that. So, a question I
have because I've uh had extensive
conversations with Dr. Scott Walter and
other roboticists. One of the concerns
that they've raised is uh not so much
getting something to work once, getting
the hands to work once, but getting them
to work uh reliably over time as they
wear out. Is it a possibility we'll see
that the tendons or the actuators would
be somewhat consumable in the early
years?
&gt;&gt; Yeah. So, um for folks that might not
know, it's specifically the hands. This
is the main area. But the the complexity
is if you're going to fit like 20 motors
in a hand, it's going to be like a
boxing glove, right? Which is not very
useful. You can't really manipulate
objects very well. If you want to put
all of that stuff in the forearm, which
is where the human beings, we have them,
then you have to have a complicated
wrist structure and you have to have
tendons that run up and down the
&gt;&gt; And you're going to look like Popeye.
And you're gonna look like Popeye. So
everything in engineering is a
trade-off, right? So there is no perfect
solution. And at this point, some
companies like 1X and Tesla, but we
don't know exactly what their Gen 3 hand
looks like. But at one point, they were
all about the tendons, all about them
tendons. Um, but while other companies
have put actuators in the actual
knuckles and stuff, and then you have to
have teeny weeny little actuators. Um,
so those things can fit in the hand
decently well as well.
We don't know which one is the right
answer or if it's a hybrid of both of
them potentially is the right answer. Uh
there's trade-offs. There's positives
and negatives on both. The tendon is
kind of a beautiful biologically
inspired solution and it's really cool.
But the problem with that, if you've
ever if if you ever like if you're of an
age like we are, you probably had a
10-speed bicycle when you were a kid and
you let it sit indoors in the winter
time and then you bring it out in the
spring and all the gear changes didn't
work properly anymore because that cable
had stretched over the winter and and
then you'd have to go and rea, you know,
rettighten the cable and readjust all
that stuff. Well, that's a problem
because every time that these tendons
are moving around, they're they're
adjusting. there's stretching there, you
know, there's compliance, things like
that. And so, you have to be able to
deal with that. And it's potentially
like after a 100,000 compressions, which
could happen relatively quickly by doing
this kind of thing, that maybe you just
have to replace them entirely, and that
becomes a very expensive problem to
have. Um, but maybe if you have little
actuators in the knuckles doing this,
then after 100,000 rotations, you have
to replace those, too. So, right. So,
right. Yeah. and and you can go through
those numbers real quickly. So, I'm I'm
wondering if those might just be
consumables where uh per periodically a
robot stops by your house to have a a
little what appears to be a drug deal
with another robot where he gets himself
a new hand or two. Uh possible.
&gt;&gt; Let's talk about variations on a model.
I know people saying it it must ha it
must be able to thread a needle and I
say if it costs extra I don't want that
I want one that can paint or dig a ditch
or
&gt;&gt; if you want one that does brain surgery
and frankly if you want one that does
all of the above maybe they make a
variant for that charge six times as
much and call it the uh Antarctica you
know standby everything name
&gt;&gt; I have a suggestion they can call it
they can call it robot mythos There we
go. And then the US government can shut
them down. So it's perfect, right?
Perfect.
&gt;&gt; It's perfect. What's What could go
wrong? But one that can do absolutely
everything I don't need. I I know what
my use case may maybe it's farmwork.
Maybe it's you know maybe it is medicine
or ultra fine detail painting or
cleaning. Could we see, you know,
Optimus uh V1 A for agriculture? And,
you know, are we going to see that or do
you think for the first year or years
they'll all be oneizefits-all?
I have a feeling for the first couple of
years they'll be one sizefits-all
because they're not going to be able to
do a lot of things already, right?
They're not going to be able to thread a
needle on day one. They're not going to
be able to probably fold clothes on day
one, even though that's very
disappointing to me. Um but but you know
you don't they don't have to be able to
do everything to start doing
economically valuable work. Again we've
seen a lot of what human beings do. We
saw this with the figure robot
demonstration. It was just like taking a
package and flipping it so the barcode
was up upright. I I mean that's a that
that's that's not something that
requires an incredible amount of
dexterity
&gt;&gt; with 95% accuracy.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Exactly. So I know. So anyway,
that's it's it's the kind of thing where
um Apologies about the dog. It's my
kid's dog. Anyway, it's it's the kind of
thing where at the beginning the robot
can actually do what it needs to do um
without having to be able to do
everything. It just has to do something.
And already we've seen this with the
Chinese robots. They can't do jack
squat. They've got like this for hands.
And they sell great because they're
publicity generators. People love those
things. You put one of those at at a at
a booth, you know, even if you're
selling underwear or something, you put
it at a booth and they're like, "Whoa,
well, people are going to come over
there and look at the humanoid robot."
So,
&gt;&gt; yes, they will. They are very good at
attracting a crowd. You know, get rid of
the models in the window of Abberrombie
and Fitch and replace it with a robot.
&gt;&gt; Dude, that'd be cool. They could move
around.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, it would because because surely
you could put clothes on it without
ruining them. Um, here's a use case, a
couple of use cases I want to run by
you. Here's what I really want Optimus
for. Jobs that you and I can't or
shouldn't do.
&gt;&gt; Could we make one that's mildly
fireresistant
just with a beefed up cooling system?
&gt;&gt; Yes. Uh I think I think you've hit upon
the the major problem which is not the
external part because you could always
put uh
&gt;&gt; Yeah, you could put cladding on it so
it's protected but the heat rejection is
going to be complicated in that sort of
circumstance. Now, I we we did see this
with the um what was it about six months
ago when they did the half marathon in
China with the robots and they they
pumped them full of like dry ice and
stuff. So, you could potentially put a
you could put an expendable cooling
system in them. So, imagine that you had
some sort of freon or not freon because
that's terribly toxic, but just water or
something internal to it and rather than
recirculating it, you just you rejected
it into. Yeah.
&gt;&gt; You're fighting a fire. Exactly. It
&gt;&gt; exactly. There we go. You just It's like
you're spraying water everywhere. But
yeah,
&gt;&gt; because for forest fires, if you could
deploy thousands, 10,000 of them.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; Oh, air drop them if you have to.
&gt;&gt; Right.
&gt;&gt; Uh, okay. Deep sea operations.
&gt;&gt; Mhm.
&gt;&gt; What better than not putting a human
down there to weld? Put a versatile
robot. We could uh biohazard cleanup,
&gt;&gt; right? You don't even need to configure
it for that,
&gt;&gt; right?
&gt;&gt; Yeah. You just have to clean it really
well after it comes out. Yeah.
&gt;&gt; Just lice all the heck out of it.
&gt;&gt; Exactly. But I I think like I don't know
if you've ever seen a video about the
deep sea uh drillers and stuff. Like
it's a couple of months. Your tour of
duty is because you have to be in a
pressurized container when you're not
working. You can't decompress recompress
and it takes days to decompress after
you get done. Uh wow. I mean, that would
be that would be a pretty cool job to be
able to use a robot for that instead of
a human.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. And all you'd have to do is
supervise because it's got the
understanding of the task. Right.
&gt;&gt; Um, I've had a number of people in the
comments who don't get it, who are new
to this topic, who look at it from the
worldview of the world they live in
where someone says, "If it can't, you
know, one person said, "Look, I can
already buy robots that can mow and
vacuum and clean my house and it's only,
you know, a few thousand dollars." I
said,
&gt;&gt; "There's no robot that can do all of
those things,
&gt;&gt; right?"
&gt;&gt; They right. Well, I could buy a bunch of
singleuse robots. Like, that's
&gt;&gt; that's not the point. Um, can your
Roomba teach you Spanish?
&gt;&gt; Right.
&gt;&gt; Because because Grock can teach you SP.
Well, I've got a separate app. Oh my
gosh. Do we need everything to be its
own thing? We're trying to find a
one-sizefits-all, right?
&gt;&gt; And in a factory,
&gt;&gt; there can be there are a lot of jobs
that are ripe for this disruption. And
I've had people also saying, "Well, but
surely they would just replace the
humans with additional single function
robots,
&gt;&gt; right?"
&gt;&gt; No, if they could, they already would.
They need to
&gt;&gt; bring in the pallet, scan the inventory,
shove the inventory, um, put it in a on
a on a cart, roll it over to the actual
assembly line, all of these things.
I mean, if they could single-use robot
an entire factory, they would. Elon
famously proved
time.
&gt;&gt; I was actually just going to talk about
that. Especially the uh
&gt;&gt; the fireproof. Well, they tried to
overautomate too quickly, which is now
one of his rules, his five rules is
don't automate at the beginning,
automate at the end. But, and I didn't
say that quite right, but anyway. But
they famously the fireproof blanket that
you have to put on top of the vehicle,
which they eventually removed anyway
because it wasn't necessary. It was only
necessary for gas cars because it
generates so much heat. But anyway, but
they they thought they could get a robot
that could do it, but it is squishy and
soft and, you know, it can wrinkle and
they spent a lot of time working on
that. Wasted a lot of money and human
beings had to do that job in the end
anyway. Um, but that's where a humanoid
robot would be ideal. That's that's a
perfect use case for them
&gt;&gt; because when a robot when a single-use
robot grabs that insulation and just
turns, it flops differently every time
in the from the air resistance.
&gt;&gt; There's a bunch of that. So Scott and I,
while we were in uh Michigan, and I
won't get into too much detail about
this, but we went to visit a place where
they were working on a project of floppy
things that a robot was having to deal
with. And they were having to use, it
wasn't a humanoid that they were using,
but they were using a robot arm with
dextrous hands and a lot of brains, a
lot of thinking involved in this. So it
turns out that it really the brain
actually matters more than you think
when it comes to this kind of stuff.
It's not just the fact that you have
very dextrous hands, but you have to
have this guy up here that's behind them
that's able to go like, "Oh, it flopped
this way right now. So when I put the
blanket on, I'm going to do this kind of
emotion instead." You know, that kind of
a thing. So, yeah. So, there is a real
The humans are good at a lot of really
weird tasks. If I give you a a handful
of coins, you put them in your pocket
and I say, "Produce a dime. Please hand
me a dime." But don't look. I'm
confident you could grab a diner.
&gt;&gt; I could. I don't think my kids could
because they've never seen a dime.
&gt;&gt; Nobody sees cash anymore. But yeah, but
anyway. Yeah,
&gt;&gt; but they it's they they still have the
capability. They could learn that skill.
&gt;&gt; Well, yes, I it would take
&gt;&gt; robots. I don't need them to. If I said
cuz I was thinking about this on a trip.
I was I had already packed my bags and
realized I need a pair of socks. I know
where they are in my bag. I just reached
down until I felt
&gt;&gt; socks and pulled them out from the
bottom. If I asked my optimist to do
that, he would spend 20 minutes
unpacking, select the socks, and then 15
minutes repacking. I missed my flight.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; So,
&gt;&gt; uh in a second here, don't check out yet
because we got the biggest part of the
video coming up, which is the
philosophical question of are these
robots going to uh destroy the world and
uh the economy along with it. Hey, do
you know you are eligible uh for
subscription? I I've decided that I'm
gonna permit everyone to subscribe. Uh
because that's how great I am. And you
can go to John's channel, subscribe to
you, it's I'm on half price today. It
cost you half as much as normal to
subscribe.
&gt;&gt; That is great.
&gt;&gt; That is amazing. What a bargain, guys.
You're coming out ahead. You don't even
need to use my coupon code. Uh and if
you want to, but you can. I mean, I
don't know. Just go to one of his videos
and just type in coupon code futurasa in
the comments. I think you'll find that
hilarious.
&gt;&gt; Uh, and you can, you know, support me if
you like. I'm going to Nepal soon for
the auto show and a fan viewer meetup
and a bunch of other interviews. I'm
going to Ethiopia at the end of the
year. Uh, and there is in the comments a
single uh a one-time donation button
should you choose to help out. That
would be amazing. You don't have to. So,
here's a philosophical question.
One Optimus or humanoid from any other
brand for the haters out there. doesn't
matter. One humanoid robot could replace
two to four humans in the labor market.
And while this would open the door to
additional labor that wasn't being done
before, you know, let the uh little old
widow down at the end of the street who
just doesn't get her yard work done
because she can't afford it. That's not
replacing a job. That's creating just a
better yard for
&gt;&gt; for that. We're gonna lose jobs, right?
Like I've seen people say, "Well, right,
but I'll just buy one and I'll rent it
to my neighbors." Right. But your
neighbors have one.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; So, and especially if you bought two or
three.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; Now is you've replaced 18 jobs.
&gt;&gt; So, how how does that work?
&gt;&gt; What's going to happen?
&gt;&gt; Well, we can go back to the beginning
and we can talk about this slowly slowly
then all at once. It's I go through
these and I I've been guilty of this
myself. I was like, "Oh my gosh, it's
happening. it's going to happen right
now. I think that that um it's going to
go more slowly than we think. Uh part of
that is just because of the way society
works, things don't happen that fast in
society, even if they should. We've got
we've got these incredible large
language models that can do amazing
stuff already. And yet people are still
hiring folks, right? So there's clearly
it and there were companies that
famously said like, "Oh, forget about
hiring people. We're just going to use
LLMs." And then they were like, "Oh,
whoops. we made a boo boo and now we got
to hire people back. So, so I think it's
not going to happen as fast as people
expect and as I expected a couple of
years ago. So, that's one saving grace,
thank goodness, because that will give
us more time to adjust. The other one is
that yes, it will displace jobs and yes,
it will dis be disruptive for
individuals, but society I think that
what's going to happen is we are going
to grow the pie. The labor market is
going to get larger. There are going to
be more things made for cheaper and
higher quality
&gt;&gt; and that is going to require people in
some roles hopefully not in the dull,
dirty and dangerous roles but in more
interesting roles to interact with that
to do service to talk to people about it
uh you know contracts all of these
things yes could be disrupted but I
think that human beings will be involved
in that and so my hope at this point is
that we will compensate by growing the
pie. Yes, we will have a contraction in
labor for particular jobs that people do
today, but hopefully they'll be able to
get better at more more or better jobs
in the future because they don't have to
do the jobs they were doing today. So,
that is the hopeful part. And I know and
I know someone I talked with was saying,
"Yeah, but think of all the, you know,
food can be free because uh the the
robots plant it and the robots harvest
it and the robots deliver it." And I
said, "Yeah, but we already have enough
food. We have too much food and it ain't
free."
&gt;&gt; So, there's a disconnect in there. The
last one I wanted to suggest,
&gt;&gt; what do you think of this? Uh, a kind of
a BOGO, like a charity BOGO. For
everyone that's sold, we donate one for
charitable purposes. We could have one
walking around the ocean floor picking
up trash. That would be an infinity job
that's just kind of good for the world,
but no human would ever do it. It'd be
insane to do it. Uh,
&gt;&gt; maybe something like that. I don't know.
There's there's uh possibilities. I
don't know what they are.
&gt;&gt; Well, we could even start smaller than
that. We could have they could they
could clean up streets and things
overnight. And I know there are jobs
that sort of do that already, but they
are not done well enough because you can
still see garbage out on the side of
roads and things like that. uh you know
so that
&gt;&gt; biohazard
&gt;&gt; yeah biohazard
&gt;&gt; make them pick up needles because I
don't want a human doing that
&gt;&gt; and they're not doing it
&gt;&gt; right
&gt;&gt; yeah so I think that there are
&gt;&gt; it's a really really tough question
we're trying to guess what the future is
going to look like and of course we were
going to be wrong because we always are
but the best guess is that it's going to
be worse than the optimistic view and
better than the pessimistic Y
&gt;&gt; let's just put it that's a pretty wide
range right there. But there you go.
&gt;&gt; So I my concern is the road to
sustainable abundance is long and there
ain't no bridge built yet that can get
us across that chasm and the halves will
have robots and the haveotss will have
hunger
&gt;&gt; and uh hunger is a great way to get
yourself a revolution. Yep. And maybe
maybe let's avoid that if we can. I
don't know. just thinking out loud.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. On my channel, I actually just did
a video with Brian Wang from Next Big
Future and he has created a proposal and
his kind of specific impetus for it was
if we don't treat the under 35s well,
they're going to revolt and we will have
a revolution and you know that will end
society as we know it. Who knows what
happens after that, but it's not a good
thing in the short term. So, um
&gt;&gt; they're they're they're getting they're
not getting the short end of the stick.
There ain't no stick. Yeah.
&gt;&gt; Uh, in many cases, now of course that's
not true for everyone, but skyhigh
rents, sky-high tuitions, impossibly
expensive healthare, uh,
&gt;&gt; you've got to have a hope or you get
very dangerous. A cornered animal is
very dangerous.
&gt;&gt; It's very dangerous. Yeah, exactly. So,
anyway, you can put a link to that in
the description if you want because I
think people would find it interesting
after this discussion.
&gt;&gt; So, what are we getting too heavy over
here? May, maybe.
&gt;&gt; There we go. Uh, so guys, uh, what, uh,
what do you think of that? What do you,
what do you got to say? Are you in
John's corner? And if so, take a step
back.
&gt;&gt; You're crowding me, man. You're crowding
me. He gets scary when that happens. Uh,
what do we miss? What do we
misunderstand? Leave it in the comments
below. Head over. Please push him over
the 100,000 subscriber mark. We've got
an experiment we wish to undertake where
we determine what shifts at 100,000. We
know it's something. Uh, but we'll find
out. Everybody else, like, subscribe, do
what you do, and stay tuned. Stay juicy.
And I cannot wait to hear from you
clever robots. Yes, I've been saying
that since the beginning. Uh when
something else serendipity happens,