Channel:     jobhakdi
Title:       Why SpaceX Stock Is SKYROCKETING
URL:         https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sP5iyLmdy-4
Published:   2026-10-05 19:40 UTC
Fetched:     2026-10-06 01:00 UTC

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

what happens today. Both of them are
skyrocketing, but we are going to focus
on SpaceX. Of course, Tesla looking
pretty good too. We can get into that
tomorrow, but today we are going to look
at SpaceX. Unbelievable. Another 6.5% up
today. And over the last two days, 15%
gain. That's a lot of money. That's a
lot of gain for a company that is at
over two trillion. To be more specific,
they are now at $2.28 trillion market
cap with an unbelievable price earnings
ratio. We can't even put it into words
anymore what that is. Why is this
skyrocketing? Why did we know that? Why
do we know what's happening next? And
what is happening next? So, let's first
take a look on what today's news
actually tell us about this crazy price
action. It is all about Morgan Stanley's
Adam Jonas, a smart dude, one of the
best analysts together with Dan Ies
in the institutional space about
physical AI, Tesla, SpaceX, from Optimus
Robots to Cyber Cap. Well, in CyberCap,
he's a little weak, but on Optimus, he
has some very good takes, but on SpaceX,
he came out with something incredibly
positive today. and he said, "We think
that over the next few weeks ahead of
Starship Flight 15, which is not
announced yet the date, but is going to
happen in a few weeks, probably in a
month or so."
He says, "Inves investors can take
advantage of a unique opportunity to buy
shares that look unusually cheap, which
sounds, if you are any normal type of
investor, sounds crazy to say it's cheap
at 2.2 trillion and whatever the last
earnings were. I don't even want to look
into it. They probably had a loss 2025.
I already forgot because no one cares
about the past when it comes to this
company. So they look unusually cheap,
says Adam Jonas of Morgan Stanley. We
expect developments over the next few
months will help investors better
appreciate the role of SpaceX in
addressing the critical bottlenecks of
power and chipm
potentially unlocking earnings growth
and multiple expansion. for the stock
price target stays the same at $300, but
he says it's increasingly cheap. It's a
unique opportunity to buy the stock. And
that's the funny thing. You don't need
to be Einstein to be the smartest guy in
the room when it comes to Wall Street
analysts because what Adam Jonas is
saying here, and Adam Jonas is a smart
guy, but what he's saying here
addressing the critical bottlenecks of
power and chipmaking, what the hell?
It's not about power and chipmaking.
It's about delivering compute. Why don't
you say it? Delivering compute. That is
what SpaceX makes does better than
anyone else for this year, even more for
next year. And then on steroids in 2028
when it comes to orbital AI, of course,
that's something most people don't
predict accurately yet, but we do at
Pioneer Lens. We know exactly what's
going to happen in 2028, and that makes
me the most bullish. But tactically he
is right. He's absolutely right that for
this year we'll see tremendous expansion
of Blackwell chip capabilities
coming online. Elon tweeted about that.
We reported about it yesterday
and next year we will see this
tremendous tremendous buildout coming.
And I will go into some of the details
that we covered yesterday but I will do
it again. But before that, we can look
at some more news here. Morg Stanley
reiterates overweight on SpaceX with a
$300 price target,
arguing the stock looks cheap once its
growth profile is considered. It's
incredibly expensive this stock based on
any conventional metric. But when it
comes to growth outlook, it is indeed
extremely cheap. And analyst Adam Jones
says SpaceX trades roughly 40% below
mega cap AI peers on a growth adjusted
basis. Well, it depends a little bit
what growth at what point in time. To
understand SpaceX, we need to understand
not the growth so far, but the growth
that is already absolutely confirmed.
That is crazy. The growth is crazy. We
will get to close to 100 billion in
annual run rate
by the end of this year. Potential
catalyst include upcoming Starship
flights, Q3 earnings, rock releases, and
additional NeoCloud deals, the
successful Starship catch, potentially
the biggest catalyst since the IPO.
I don't know, Adam. I disagree with
these because I think you left out the
most important one, which is terrestrial
compute buildout. You don't even talk
about that. That's ridiculous. Maybe he
means new cloud deals, but the deals are
a lagging indicator. What comes before
the deal? The compute buildout
confirmation. And that's exactly what's
happening now. And the successful
Starship catch, potentially the biggest
catalyst since the IBO ridiculous. This
is completely wrong. So Adam Jonas gets
it very much wrong. But the bottom line,
he gets absolutely right. He's basically
reasoning this stock becomes
increasingly cheap, is incredibly
attractive, and should be bought here. I
totally agree. He lists the reasons. I
mostly disagree because the main reason
is we have a major compute buildout.
That's the only thing that counts in
this market. People are not interested
in potentially catching Starship. Who
cares? They care about massive amounts
of money, not in the future, but now.
And that is exactly what SpaceX is
delivering very soon on a massive scale
and that is the reason why it's going
up. Now Q3 earnings I agree they are
going to be very very interesting and
very good because there are a range of
enormous deals already lined up. How do
I know that? Do I have secret insider
information? No. We have a brain. We
look at the facts on the ground. We look
at Elon's commentary
about the 220,000 Blackwell 300 clusters
coming online. Three of them very likely
this year at a guaranteed two of them,
but very likely three. And that is a
massive multiplication of the compute
cap capability and capacity of this
company. And of course, I don't need to
know the deals. I don't need to see
deals. I don't care about deals. Who
cares about deals?
In a world where everyone is starved,
absolutely starved for compute.
It's not that I don't care about deals.
Deals are a given. If you are in a
desert with a million people who are all
dying of thirst in the next 8 hours and
you own an oasis, I don't need to see
your deals. No one cares about the
deals. Of course, you're going to sell
the water to the people who are dying of
thirst. only that in our case thirst is
greed the greed for compute so that is
exactly what's happening with spacex
uh I can also show you compute
prices
real time market
uh we have of course here
just to give you a feel for what I'm
talking about one of my favorite
websites is
om very smart founder he was on the
moonshots podcast. But what you
basically see here is the prices for
Blackwell, not even 300s, but look at
this. Are you kidding me?
This is the price for compute. Oh, it's
only 3 months. It's kept at three
months. Is this going up or is it going
down? It is going up. Surprise. And that
is the latest. Of course, SpaceX will
have Blackwell 300s. Guess where this
price is going? It is going up to the
upper right. It will continue to go up
like crazy. You can see it even with the
H100s. Look at this. Why is it only
three months? This is an H100.
Do we have something that has a longer
timeline? H200.
No, because they just launched. All of
this stuff is going up. And the H100s
are the best exam because these are very
old chips and they are not going down.
They are flat or going up. And these are
six years old chips. What do you think
happens to the new chips like the B200s?
They're going up and that is the market
price we have to be watching because as
long as these prices go up despite the
buildout as long as they keep going up
and up and up, SpaceX will make so much
money, you can't even imagine because
every single gigawatt they're bringing
online makes them $40 billion. I'm
estimating roughly 40 billion in annual
profit. Can you even imagine? And
they're bringing two of them online this
year or they have online two gigabytes
this year. And that is all very
conservative estimates because they have
Blackwell 300s which is very good. And
next year they're going to add in my
estimates at a minimum three additional
gigawatts. Elon says 10, but Elon I
don't believe that.
That is the reason why this stock is up
like crazy. Now, if you go back to what
I said yesterday when we looked at
Friday, why was Friday up? A lot of
people did not understand Friday. And I
outlined that exactly why Friday was
such a good day. It was a good day
because it was the lagging response to
the absolutely mind-bogglingly
successful test flight 14 that happened
last Monday.
And you might think, Joe, if the test
flight was Monday, everyone saw how
successful it is, why is the stock going
up on Friday, but I told everyone
beforehand, I tell you exactly why it
was going up Friday. Because if you go
to pioneerlands.org,
the page where you have to go every
single day to watch what's happening
from cyber cap counters to the latest
news. here. Muse the muse news to our of
course SpaceX share unlock counter.
Okay. And when you click on this share
unlock counter
what I explained before and this I want
you guys to understand that that is very
very important.
People will be mad at me again. It's
like oh dude you're so stupid. You don't
even understand how it works. The unlock
no one is going to sell. Blah blah blah.
Turns out I'm right every single time.
I wonder why because it is exactly as I
tell you
last Thursday on September 24th.
This is last Thursday.
There the unlock there led to a delay.
That was no the Thursday before that
we had an unlock of 328 million shares.
The Friday before
Thursday and Friday before the launch.
When these shares unlock, people dump 10
to 20% of these shares that is my
estimate into the market. That is a
massive amount of shares being sold.
That is roughly a day a full complete
day's worth of volume. But of course,
they're not dumping it all at once.
They're dumping it with certain sell
limits, which leads to a suppression
suppression of the price. And despite
the tremendously bullish event of
Monday, for the rest of the week, they
had to burn through all these sell
orders. And so at some point, and I
played it like a little fiddle, and I'm
going to do it again this week. We're
going to get to the strategy and the
tactics of how I play SpaceX in a second
because we have a beautiful week again
with unlocks in four days,
October 9th, which is Friday. We have
another 328 million unlock. I estimate
another 60 million or so being sold.
and that will
very likely bring this stock down. This
is a very bold prediction because as you
see today the stock is up and I'm
absolutely bullish on the stock so far.
Today I started my little tiny short.
Now I'm long and short at the same time.
Short puts that are now way out of the
money because it went up so much. So I'm
collecting 100% of that. But now I'm
starting to initiate a short call
position. Even though that might run a
little further up here, but I don't care
about that.
And then we will see what happens on
Friday.
I don't know how how much more this runs
up, but that is exactly what I predict
is going to happen. So we have to
understand these unlocks are serious. Of
course, what's very serious is in
roughly 31 days,
we have an extremely large unlock. I
would really watch out for that one. In
19 days, we have another smaller unlock
and we have the earnings coming up which
I think will be tremendously bullish for
the stock. So, it's a complex situation.
I'm strategically extremely bullish on
SpaceX. I think they will come up with
tremendous floods of cash more than
Tesla by the way because these compute
deals are enormous. But we will have to
tackle with these unlocks and in 31 days
we have the big one. After 31 days from
now, I have complete green light because
the last one won't matter that much and
we will be able to measure this very big
one of 1.3 billion shares being unlocked
and the effects of that at these high
prices that we have right now and that
allows us to predict then the one that
comes after much better.
So that is the exact playbook here. I
think right now the stocks are on a
tear,
but I estimate people are wisening up to
the unlocks. I think this time it won't
take until Thursday for the selloff to
start. Last time the selloff started one
day before, like a few hours before the
unlock because people are not that dumb.
I think now it will probably start two
days before. So, I'm going to watch out
for the starting Wednesday. Maybe I was
a little greedy today to get into short
calls, but it's just a tiny position. I
don't even care. Let's see how it goes.
Uh, but I will increase my short call
position into Friday. That's exactly
what I'm going to do. And then we see
how this goes.
Right now, it's on a run. There is no
doubt. I will collect my little 100%
premiums on my short puts expiring also
Friday, by the way. But now they're like
I'm at a 140. What was it?
149 I think. So they are very safe.
That is the situation.
SpaceX in a tremendously
powerful position to corner the entire
AI buildout very soon starting in 2028
coming up with the satellites. I covered
that here. The three points by the way
that I covered yesterday. Let me repeat
quickly what it is before we go into the
comments. Starship crossed the Rubicon
as I just explained. Flight 14
absolutely transformational. 28th
September this Monday. First Starship
orbits around the Earth. 26 Starlite
Starink V3
uh satellites deployed commercially.
First time ever through a Starship real
commercial deployments. The thing then
went back re-entry into orbit. All the
tiles, the little heat protection tiles,
everything went perfect. It landed
perfectly on the at sea level, fell into
the sea as planned, but landed and uh
everything was absolutely beautiful.
Number two, 250 billion in 2027 is my
estimation for revenue for actual
revenue run rate on compute on
terrestrial compute. This will be
staling plays no role in this by the
way. starting will be whatever 20
billion maybe if you're lucky 250
billion in total revenue nearly all of
it from compute buildout because they
will get to some massive massive
buildout uh and that is not based on 10
gawatt here this is the upper end this
is based on only 5 gawatt three
additional gigawatts deployed next year
and finally the absolute banger of a
thing that gives this So much fantasy.
Star mind is coming. The satellite that
will change everything. Star mind is the
satellite that Starship is now
developing together with Nvidia. SpaceX
and Nvidia are developing that and that
thing will be the most important
infrastructure component in human
history.
Here is the thing Star Mind AI1.
This is the current stalling V3 that was
just deployed 60 mters of solar panels.
Here in the middle you see the
transmission thing that make brings the
internet to Earth and communicates to
the other Starling satellites in the
constellation. Here you see the Star
Mine satellite 75 m wingspan much more
solar panels. So that is probably what
six times the amount of this one
uh three times the amount uh of solar
energy. 250 kilowatt per satellite. Four
satellites 1 megawatt. 4,000 satellites
1 gawatt. And here you have the
radiators that radiate the heat out from
the GPUs. And here in the middle you see
the NVL72 rack. the NVL72
space rack developed by Nvidia and
SpaceX to put in Vera Rubins 72 Vera
Rubin into the middle of this. That's
the brain on that all of humanity will
run starting in 2028
using Starship and that is dramatic.
Let's go to the comments for a little
bit. We do a little bit of comments and
then we will actually do some question
Q&amp;A from the Pioneer Academy. We do this
today to make everyone happy who asks
questions in the Pioneer Academy. Uh
that is important. So we cover these
questions but we do let's do 10 little
comments and then we move there.
Let's see
what do we have here. Droid hello
everyone.
Too bad you sold puts.
Why is it bad?
Why is it bad selling puts? I made a lot
of money. I'm very happy.
Maybe there's confusion what that means.
Hi from the UK, Loan Ranger. Hit the
like button. That's exactly what we need
to do. I just want the merger so I don't
need to choose between both companies.
The merger will happen. I just don't
know when.
I told you yesterday 20% up today, just
missing 15% in 15 minutes.
That's true. Ricardo said 20% today.
Well, it wasn't wasn't 20%. Oh my god,
this thing goes up like crazy. This is
very Oh, it's already after hours.
That's crazy. Where's Tesla? A little
bit down.
No problem. Here's the latest.
Very nice. was waiting for the unlock
this week to pick up some shares on the
dip,
right? I guess we all want the merger.
The timing and the evaluation is right
though. Fighter for street Yojo was
saying that SpaceX wouldn't go above the
140 until after the shares are all
unlocked. Now it's at 160. That's not
true. Fighter, I never said that. Why
would I sell puts at 149 if I say that?
Uh the reason is that a data center
breaks even in a year.
I'm
not sure.
What do you mean breaks? Oh, breaks
even.
Yes, absolutely. That is absolutely true
right now. It's crazy.
Do you think that demand is sustainable?
Well, I think I mean look at everything
that's happening, Sean X. I think there
is a lot of demand that is absolutely
crazy.
Chashill says, "Sai, pray to the
almighty sand dog, sand god
170 and rising. Absolutely crazy what's
happening here. Let's do a little Q&amp;A
with the Pioneer Academy because I'm a
little late for the responses here. We
have this new thing down here."
Oh, where is it?
Where is it? Office hours. It's here.
I responded to Gitzy from Swiss compadre
living in Houston at my Tesla short put
executed at a strike price of 380.
Should I just resell those shares once
Tesla reaches that level or play the
call side? I responded to that. By the
way, Giti Gitzy, I'm training my Swiss.
It depends on your strategy. I
personally use shortputs as income
generator, not to get the stock. So my
personal strategy is to always sell
shares immediately that I assigned and
resell the put. So if I ever get
assigned short puts, bing, I get rid of
the shares immediately and just repeat
because or I close the position if I
don't like it. I also move the strike
price lower since I want to capture the
premium time decay. So 380 strike sold
at 375 for let's say seven bucks. Then
assigned at 376, sell the stock and sell
again for 375 for six or something. If
stock goes down more to 371, let's say
sell again at 375 at 8 and so on.
This way I collect premium all the time
unless the stock falls too much. Of
course, I also close my in the money
positions always before expiration since
I don't like assignments. So if we are
right now, right, I had nothing expired
today which was in the money. I got 100%
on all my short puts. all Tesla. SpaceX
is only weekly for Fridays. Tesla is all
the time. Uh so that's what I do.
Uh Omit is asking, "What could Tesla
stock price reach after a merger with
SpaceX?" Uh if Tesla and SpaceX were to
merge, what would be the estimated price
per Tesla share? How would the merger
affect Tesla's market capitalization and
how its long-term growth potential?
Can I open it here? How does this work?
No,
that's broken. Well, that is a good
question. My take on the whole
what is happening now. My take on the
whole merger is very simple. I do
believe SpaceX is going to buy Tesla
technically, right? That's the mechanics
of the merger. I do believe SpaceX has
to pay a clear premium. I think this
premium is roughly 30%. That is my best
guess right now.
Why? Why did I evolve to that position
from my previous ratchet position?
Because the ratchet idea that they need
to provide additional safety only was
important as long as SpaceX is highly
volatile and is still in price
discovery. But we are seeing now with
the unlocks how the share reacts in a
very reasonable range 3% down or
something that we are now going through
a very effective price discovery with
SpaceX and we can be much more reliant
on SpaceX and they are actually derisked
the company a lot in the last two months
a lot. So now we are moving more into
normal merger territory. Everything is a
moving target. The more mature SpaceX
becomes before the merger, the less
special operations they need to secure
it. So when we had the Alexander Merz
debate, she was convinced that we have a
merger in August. I said, I don't think
so, but if we have, we need a ratchet
because this will be crazy volatility.
Now we are much later. We in October.
Volatility is going down for SpaceX.
predictability is going up and I think
we just need a conventional premium and
I think that will be roughly 30%.
Now, that would mean right now they
would have to pay 500 for the stock. But
if Tesla goes to 500 by end of the year,
which I think it should, if Cyber Cap
scales to 2,000, let's say,
then it goes above 500. But then SpaceX
has to pay 650 for it, which by the way
is no problem to pay like two trillion
or something for Tesla
if you're SpaceX because SpaceX is
probably going to go towards 200 by end
of the year if this continues like this.
Next question by Todd. Tesla
Supercharger Network is now a $3.6
billion business and it's just getting
started. This is bundled into their
services and other segment in their
financial reporting. I've often wondered
since I used the Supercharger network
when I travel. It's incredibly It's
incredible to see how quickly Tesla
Supercharger network is becoming a major
player in the broader EV charging
market. What starters inclusive perk for
Tesla owners now are rapidly
transitioning? I'm thinking about the
recent agreements by which all
automakers like blah blah blah all of
them are adopting the North American
charging standard NACS by 2025. This
move seems like a huge strategic pivot
that really expands its potential market
far beyond just Tesla vehicles. I've
seen estimates suggesting the network's
valuation could already exceed 3.6
billion and some are even pushing
projections 10 billion by 2030. I think
so. That growth would obviously be
driven by increased utilization from all
these new vehicles. I'm curious to hear
what others think about this massive
expansion implication with the industry.
I want to point out something that we
are working on right now.
The team is working on something very
cool. The team is working on a model
that helps you guys and everyone who's
interested in cyber cap fleet ownership
to actually do the math on cyber cap
fleets on computing how much money you
would make if you operated a cyber cap
fleet. And an adjacent business model is
of course infrastructure buildout. And
you see this on the Tesla website
on the Tesla Robocap uh robo taxi
website. robot taxi Tesla. You see that
they're actually asking for your input
for your input if you're interested
in owning a fleet.
Look at this
here. This is on the official Tesla
website. Help us build our robo taxi
network. Complete your interest to be
considered for future robo taxi
opportunities. I'm interested in
cybercap fleet vehicle purchasing. That
will be our first model. Mobility hubs
and infrastructure. That will be our
second model for you to calculate how
much money is in there depending on your
location and how much you want to
invest.
Now, this is very important for our
question in the Pioneer Academy by Todd
because Todd is asking how much is this
worth? What we really have to ask is can
you participate in the buildout of these
things when robo taxi rolls up because
robo taxi will be much bigger than any
individual automaker very very soon.
So that is a good question. I think
there's a massive, massive buildout
coming because Roboaxi will change the
charging economics dramatically because
you're not just going to make money with
charging, you're going to make money
with the entire servicing of the Roboaxi
mega fleet.
Next question we have Mark. Hi Joe, I
was wondering if you have an updated
status ETA for the release date of the
options material that was 9th of
September. Yes, it was released two
weeks later. We have it of course here
the options first three courses more are
coming understanding stock options right
here options short selling my favorite
and options trade sizing and we have
three more coming hopefully next week
and then we have six options courses and
we will expand the academy constantly so
you can also see how I do things and
maybe that is helpful for you guys. Last
question
from Lavans
as I have some holdings there as well in
the Borch Oslo Borch the Oslo Norwegian
stock exchange. It would be cool to have
it in the portfolio review here as well
and only found some of the crypto not
hyperlquid for instance include the
Norwegian stock exchange also bushions.
Uh ah I think this is related to the
pioneer bonds. Well, we will have
updates on the pioneer bonds very soon,
but this will be very US ccentric for
the next few months, six months or
something. US accredited investors,
which can include international
investors, but that will be there. And
then of course our first big target will
be a Nordic stock, not stock exchange,
Nordic market for the bonds. But that is
a long and complicated story how we get
our pioneer bonds publicly traded for
universal access.
That will be interesting.
So that just today I wanted to cover
these questions. We will do this from
time to time in the live stream. These
questions by the way will be clipped by
our
great editing team and then be put into
the Pioneer Academy to your questions.
So if you are in the Pioneer Academy,
you can always go to office hours and
ask any question you want. I will
respond to it and then the videos will
actually be attached here and you will
get your personal little response from
these live streams that will be cut into
that.
Uh that was just a little excursion.
Let's go back. Wow, look at this. What
absolutely crazy. Now we up over 15%
probably 15.11%.
When I did the thumbnail for this live
stream, it wasn't even at 15%. I had
foresight. I just said it's going to be
15%.
Tesla is getting rejected again at 380.
But I think this time we won't see a
brutal rejection like last time. We we
have done this multiple times by the
way. I think we are done at this point
with these brutal rejections.
We had
There was another brutal rejection here.
Where was that?
There was this brutal rejection. I
remember this one.
You see, it doesn't look so brutal from
afar, but I remember this one was very
brutal. And then there's a second one.
And now we have the third one. But the
third one won't be that brutal in my
opinion. And then the fourth one, we
break through 380. That is my best guess
for Tesla. For SpaceX, my best guess is
we are staying here for today. Maybe we
run up a little bit more tomorrow, but
then once Friday approaches, there will
be a drop. The question is, will it drop
from here or will it run further up
towards 180
at 172? I start being underwater on my
tiny little call position. But I like
being underwater with tiny positions.
That's why I have tiny positions and not
big positions. So I can actually
increase my positions. So, right now I'm
moving from long to short. Technically,
I'm keeping my longs short puts because
they're so far out of the money that I'm
not concerned.
But my calls, let's see how this game
goes.
BC Jones, a lot of the different models,
including the Cyber Truck, aren't
available until either next year or the
very end of this year, like December.
Doesn't that cap the total number of
deliveries?
Well, we will have another cool thing in
Pioneer Lens where you can actually put
in your delivery estimates.
Uh but yeah, no, I think uh what limits
the number is mostly batteries because a
semi is eating up a lot of batteries and
everyone is focused on
robo taxi. Don't forget every single
robo taxi makes roughly
six times the amount of profit that one
Model Y makes. But it makes that every
single year.
Yes, demand is insat insatiable.
Thanks, Solo. Also great seeing you.
Solo X AI and Sean XIX.
Uh you too, Sean. It's been a journey.
Nice to see familiar peeps. Oh, you guys
know each other. That's very good.
With all the different unlock dates,
should I wait until the big unlock? I
was going to pick up some SpaceX Friday
or money. BC Jones, I think we are
incredibly bullish. I would start just
buying this stuff. Not fullon, keep some
dry powder, wait for the big unlock, but
I would start really dcaing in. If it
drops with a big unlock, you have to
understand if it drops at the unlock,
it's not even going to be like fair
pricing. It's just a tactical a
mechanical drop, you know? So I I would
actually trust the price before the
unlock to be more real than after the
unlock drop. So
absolutely I would start buying but just
consider very likely you get it cheaper
soon but it's not guaranteed to be
cheaper. We don't know what it does in
the meantime.
Greetings from Tusan
Arizona. Do you think there's any chance
that if Democrats win the midterms they
might successfully block the merger just
to spite Elon?
Um, no, no, no. Because
I think all the criticism of Trump and
what he did now and why MAGA is so mad
at Trump
also means at the same time that the
Democrats are less mad at Trump. It also
means the Democrat is Democrats at some
point learned their lesson
that they shouldn't go after Elon too
much. And
I know when you're like in politics and
getting engaged, you hate the other
side. But when you take a step back and
see how Wall Street treats this whole
thing, they know who's in charge. It's
not the Republicans. It's not the
Democrats. It is Wall Street. And I
believe this is actually more true than
you would think. And when it comes to
stocks and all these things,
I do not think unless they have social
like DSA people.
If the Democrats are in any way normal
Democrats,
there will be not a real problem here.
Also, they won't be in charge of
of the administration, right? Even if
they can block stuff in Congress, but
this is not a Congress thing. It's the
administration, the executive branch
thing. So,
I wouldn't freak out yet. Uh, we will
see in 2028 how crazy the Democrats
become because I think there is a real
risk that they're becoming crazy. Uh,
but Chuck Schumers and these people,
they are not crazy like they they will
do what they're getting paid for by Wall
Street.
Uh here Peter Vanju
I have 513 SpaceX shares average 161 and
56 Tesla shares 357 average looking to
hold 10 years. That's probably a good
idea.
Uh Gavin says I have 1,400 Tesla but
hope the merger happens.
It will definitely happen. Holding is
the best. Got to let it mature and
marinate. A lot of the big players are
holding indefinitely. That is absolutely
true.
Pot X1M says, "My pair trade between
SpaceX and Tesla is not going that well
at the moment. I hope not
lost." Well, both are doing well. I
don't know exactly what your pair pair
trade is, but today was a good day for
both. Of course, SpaceX is on absolute
run right now, so you can't compete with
that. Assuming the merger will happen,
says Droid. Uh why would anyone need to
get any SpaceX shares? Well, because in
the meantime, this thing runs up. As you
see, the murder might happen in one
year. Who knows?
If you own a garage, you need a Tesla.
That's deep.
Uh, I pray that Tesla gets above 400
this week.
It could
I don't think so. Looking at that action
here, it's clearly struggling with 380
again, which is a strategic resistance.
I think it will take a little time to
break through. Once we break through,
sure. And of course, if anything happens
on Cyber Cap, but you see the counter
right now,
the Cyber Cap counter is not
doing too much.
Right now, it's a little stuck here. 55
uh 169 registered, 1,090
robo taxis.
Uh but I'm pretty confident we see more
growth. significant growth especially
with this big number here because it's
just lagging this number and I think we
will reach 200 probably this week 200
registered which is a pretty good sign
we just need to have this here tick up
these are the spotted ones
let's see what will happen
uh
okay where are we at here.
Uh, assuming the merger will happen, why
would anyone get any SpaceX shares?
We had this already. Proxy Frostbite is
back with his real name, not undercover
anymore. Don't chase the dragon. I see
SpaceX spike hard and Tesla do fine. But
anyone trading shares at incredible
value for a spike are losing big time.
Yes, I'm definitely going short on
SpaceX in a tactical way for this week
from here.
Uh, good call.
Street Crate Zero. Today was one of my
better trading days, but it was just my
high goal until I decided to cash in on
my SpaceX shares. Got me to 380% of my
high goal. Very nice. Street Crate Zero
is killing it recently. Poxy Frostbite
is back. I Everyone loves Poxy
Frostbite's name. I'm glad it's back.
Well, my 135 145 zone I hope to sell
puts seems like it's never coming to.
You might be right. Yesterday got to
shift those numbers up maybe 10 to 15.
Thanks you. You're the best. Thanks for
joining. Of course. Yeah, I think uh we
are definitely left that channel and of
course the selling is over. I always
said it's like the lower end the 135 145
zone. I think we shifted this up now. I
would be very cautious up here. I am
shorting this thing but cautiously
because it can run up to 180 before
Friday, but I think Friday Friday will
drop the stock. I making that
prediction. If I'm wrong, I'm going to
lose money. I can't promise you I'm
right all the time, but I can promise
you that if I'm wrong, I will lose
money. If I'm very wrong, if I'm just
wrong, I still make money.
Uh the Joe channel has has been left
behind. What do you mean?
Oh yeah, left behind. The space uh the
rocket has left me behind. Tesla tear
bigger motors wider scalings imminent.
All better than SpaceX, which I love and
which I will have with a nice upside.
There is no way there isn't a Joe
Ratchet in the deal. We will see. We
will see. We will see.
I think they are actually pretty
rational. They will put in a ratchet if
it's appropriate. If SpaceX suddenly
goes to 200, I want to see a ratchet.
If SpaceX is down here, it's fine. We
need the ratchet
in well, we needed a ratchet in case
SpaceX could be inflated at the point of
execution.
If no one thinks there's inflation for
SpaceX, we don't need the ratchet. Do we
think there's inflation at the point of
the execution? We have to see.
Anyone
Anyone that does not vote for a merger
has rocks in their head. It depends on
the deal. Kevin, I want to see the deal.
I can't tell you if I'm for against it
if I don't see the deal.
What's your guess of merger and percent
by 2028? I would say 90%. Maybe 95.
Stephen Bower Joe, I love your show.
What percentage of a 1 million portfolio
do you save for cash to do options
trading? I have most of my money in
stocks, but that leaves no money for
options trading. Wait, Stephen, it
depends who you are with. If you have
100% of your portfolio
in stocks, you still should have over
50% of that in margin for selling puts
or selling calls. So, if you want to do
short selling of options, you can be
100% in stocks. You can even be over
100% in stocks and still can do short
selling. Uh, if you have a margin
account, you can also additionally buy
options long,
right? You have to be cautious of course
but so I don't think like that if you
have a million portfolio you basically
have two million you can deploy and so
options for me are always the part that
trades around the core position not the
core position itself unless it's leaps
right now I don't have leaps
so I always use options to enhance
significantly enhance my core position
through short put selling, sometimes
short call selling, very rarely long
calls and nearly never long puts.
So instead of just looking at your
portfolio, I mean, you have to be
cautious. I'm of course like
institutionalized at this point. I'm a
little obsessed and I have very long
experience with these things. Not just
experience like I I'm very intensely
focused on it. So I do complete math on
my portfolio. So I'm looking at the
portfolio, but then I look at my total
purchasing power uh which is a certain
number. Like for example, if you have 1
million, it's 2 million. Then you buy a
bunch of stock, then it goes down,
right? Because you only get 50%
a little bit more than 50% for stocks in
margin. And then you can use that margin
to do all kinds of shortselling stuff.
I hate brutal rejections.
Yes, with girls it's fine. With 380
ceilings, not so fine.
Ah, with girls it's also bad. It
depends. Depends on the girl. But it
doesn't depend on the ceiling. The
ceiling is always bad. Let's hope it's
just a slight rejection, not a brutal
rejection.
I would be how much richer if we
wouldn't have that last stupid fake news
JP Morgan brutal rejection from Monday.
I would be 8% richer or something crazy.
6% richer portfolio richer. That's
pretty depressing.
Uh I think maybe John Avery I think
maybe some people have done the numbers
for SpaceX future 10 and come to the
same conclusion I did. It's functionally
infinite. It's not just the TAM, John
Avery. It's also the timing that this is
actually happening now. It's just
enormous.
Catching the Starship isn't important as
the ability to build the space AI. No, I
disagree. Electro Joltman, I think we
have a breakthrough in costs even
without reusability of Starship. Plus,
the reusability of Starship is already
is clear that it's happening. It's just
a question how and when. But it's not
that important actually.
Even if Stasha would not be reusable
ever, it would worth doing Space AI. So,
it's just making it even better.
Roger. Jack says,
"Roger in South Dakota. I get the ease
of many things for a merger.
Is Roger by the way? Are you on Pioneer
Lands? Should I find you?" South Dakota
is one of these examples
where we might be able to find you on
the map because there are not many.
There are two people in South Dakota. Or
is this North
Shoe City? Is it Shu Shu? I don't know
how to here. Should I look
Steve? That's not Roger in Deadwood.
See, we are like the super here's the
super central Marvin.
And we have only three people in South
in South Dakota.
Terry. Oh, so Roger is not on the map
because we only have three people in
South Dakota.
You You have to get on the map. Roger.
SC Hadukan. Hi Sean XT. How are you
doing man?
Very good.
Hadukan SC doing well. Great to see you.
Dem still want USA to do well. They go
after Trump.
Kimbien. Wait, you are in
it's I like my map. I can Kim Bien was
in
Regina, but you still are not on the
map, I think.
See, I It's like memory. You know the
game memory where you have to remember
all the cards. I'm remembering all you
guys and where you are on the map.
I think Kimian is in Regina if I
remember right.
RDK, if Dems possibly take over
Congress, do you think they will you
will get more dumb questions for extreme
right-wing magas?
Who knows? There was a huge huge Supreme
Court ruling the aristocratic expert
class democracy is dead. The president
can fire anyone at will except for the
Fed.
Is that I have to look it up. Foxy
Frostbite. That looks interesting.
But he can't fire judges. That's the
problem.
Uh
Fighter for Street, what is your
thoughts on Bitcoin? Should we just buy
just hold SpaceX instead at this point?
No. Some diversification into the most
interesting assets makes sense. So when
you look at Micro Strategy, which is our
Bitcoin
equivalent, look at like Micro Strategy
doing very well. Also my third largest
holding I think I and only because I
have a separate crypto portfolio
historically because I bought very
early. Um
I mean this thing is going well and I
think Bitcoin is what 86,000 or
whatever. And we have Ethereum. Do we
have Ethereum here?
not on here. I think crypto is at the
beginning of its next bull cycle. That's
what I think and I definitely have it.
I know BC Jones. I heard Nick Gibbs say
that. I find it highly speculative, but
uh is there a chance that we hear about
the merger on October 15th? I think so.
there is a chance, but I I wouldn't give
it more than 25%, which is high. And so
when we get closer to the 15th of
October, I might consider buying just
some safety calls.
But we have to understand this merger is
not a this is not a quick little
decision. I don't think it's just going
to happen like this. So I do think we
are now entering more the hot phase of
merger risk and we can think about
playing this but we have to be cautious.
Uh Tesla got to pump these robo taxi
numbers up. Those are rookie numbers in
the racket. True, but much faster. Four
times faster growth than last year in
the first month. So interesting.
Ricardo says, "I say options are a scam.
Where does the money stay? You are
nothing but an agreement and the broker
keeps your money. That's not totally
true. No, Ricardo. This is like, you
know, there's party and counterparty.
I'm selling puts and someone else buys
the puts. Very simple.
Poxy says, "It's just crazy to me that
Tesla is below 200 day moving average."
Tesla is the absolute bargain. It's
absolutely nuts, people. Don't forget
it. It's like totally nuts what's
happening. This thing goes to 500 in
absolutely no time. I you know my
opinion
uh Joan Avery sure but the sooner you
realize the time is infinite the sooner
you realize that the right time to buy
as much as you can is for it right now.
Think of Apple just if you have any kind
of long-term horizon. I absolutely
agree. But the point is John even if you
don't think like that now is the
absolute right time because you don't
even have to wait long.
Mr. Magic, will I ever be able to book a
Cyber Cap from Phoenix, Arizona to
Garden Grove, California?
Yes, for sure. How quickly? I don't know
how quickly.
Uh, options are a scam. This is No,
options are not.
Uh, Sean, last my legal girl joke.
Rejections with girls are fine. I'm not
that fine. It's not it's not that I'm a
fan of being rejected. I'm just saying,
yeah,
if a girl rejects you, you save money.
If a stock rejects you, you definitely
lose money. So, think about that.
Uh, yeah, judges are judicial, bureaus
are executive, so he can fire them. The
case is slaughter, women's last name,
slaughter versus photos. That's funny.
Judges are judicial so he can't fire but
bose are executive so he can fire them.
The case is slaughter versus pus. Very
interesting. Very interesting. I'm going
to look this up. Poxy gives us the
latest political news, the latest
Supreme Court decisions.
So PTO can now fire everyone. That's
going to be very interesting.
Uh champions Sak Khan says I think we'll
see 390 to 400 this week.
I mean that could absolutely be but
first we have to break through 380. We
did not break through. We got rejected
again.
Okay. But we are persistent.
I have to I have to stop the girl
analogies. But we are persistent.
Third time is a charm. Fourth time.
Third time. Well, now it's the third
time. So, let's see what happens.
There's no doubt we are going to break
through 380. The question is, do we get
rejected one more time?
I think we we definitely got rejected
one more time today. Uh so, okay, what
happens next? Is it just a mini
rejection? We go back to 370 and then
break through. Probably. Probably.
Probably. And then what happens next? I
think the next resistance might be at
420. Who knows?
I watch you while I'm working out. It's
20. It's half past 9 in the UK. That is
very good. Wow. champion is working out
in the gym and watching the most
important show on in Pioneer Lands.
That's very good. Jay Ebers, the more I
delve into SpaceX, the more FOMO I feel,
but absolutely cannot sell my beloved
Tesla shares after six years. I want to
hold onto them for at least another four
years, maybe longer.
I just think hold your Tesla shares and
start pouring everything else you have,
all your additional cash into SpaceX.
And if you want diversify a little bit
into Nvidia, into Micron and into Micro
Strategy, a little bit Robin Hood can
never hurt. That's what I'm doing. I'm
I'm actually not I right now I'm not
even I just have some short puts left
for SpaceX. Then I'm fully short. But
I'm super tactical about SpaceX and I
have my greedy little eyes on SpaceX.
This will be my biggest holding at some
point. But Tesla is by far my biggest.
SpaceX is just completely tactical right
now, but I'm going heavy in and heavy
out. And then the second largest
consistent position I have is Nvidia.
And then I have actually a pretty strong
micron exposure through short puts. When
I do the math, the net exposure on
Micron is much larger than Nvidia right
now because I think Micron is also a
ridiculous steal. Like look at this.
Like are you kidding me? They just
absolutely killed everything in their
earnings and there is no end in sight.
And Elon talks about cutting back on RAM
because he can't get RAM. Crazy.
This time tomorrow will be at 390
minimum. I mean, could be
the value has been persistent. No timing
necessary. Just buy and hold for the
core position. I mean that you can't go
wrong with that. We live in the golden
age. This is the golden age of AGI. It's
absolutely crazy what's happening.
People just still don't understand how
crazy the times we live in. By the way,
fear and greed is
going up. Greed is coming. We are that
close to greed. We had 44 fear plus 10.
So massive massive reduction in fear uh
over the last week
and 13 in the last day. So today was a
very very strong fear release day.
Uh we have to be cautious once this goes
into the green.
You know we have to be very very
cautious.
This should actually be the news. What
is this?
I don't understand. Okay.
Okay guys, we need to wrap it up. That
was already our hour for today. Tomorrow
we continue. This will be a very
exciting week. Don't forget to watch the
tracker. We need to understand what's
happening here. This is all about SpaceX
unlocks coming October 9th. The next 328
million shares. I think that translates
into 60 million shares being sold
roughly over multiple days leading to a
suppression of the stock.
Maybe a ceiling, maybe a drop, but
that's coming. But of course, we need to
take it day by day. I started a little
bit of a short position. Let's see how
much I get burnt, if at all.
If it goes to 180, I lose some money.
But it's all minor. Uh, but I'm starting
to ramp up my little tactical short. And
after that, I continue going long on
SpaceX because SpaceX is just one of the
biggest opportunities ever.
And after the big unlock, we will go all
long.
here.
Uh Joe, can you do another big picture
video on the singularity and what post
singularity society economy will look
like? Yes. I'm always scared of these
videos because hard to get clicks views,
but I will I will definitely do it. I
will also have some more in the in the
Pioneer Academy. Uh but we will have
some interesting stuff. And let's see.
It's very hard to get attention with
this for some reason because people are
crazy. They're not even that interested
in it. But I'm very interested. So
Gavin, thanks for the question. We will
work on it.
And Jay Abers is also in to watch the
video so we get at least two views on
the video. That's very good.
We have to talk about the singularity.
I'm all for it. Yes. Thanks, Kevin. I
will take it into consideration and it
will come to you soon. Okie dokie.
Thanks for joining.