Channel:     jobhakdi
Title:       New York BANS Data Centers, Trump Responds and SPCX Stock DROPS
URL:         https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9GjZMPhsMKg
Published:   2026-07-15 18:23 UTC
Fetched:     2026-07-15 21:00 UTC

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

to this important live update straight
from the headquarters of Pioneer Lands
because we have some interesting things
happening in the age of AGI. New York
State, you might have heard of it. A
state on the east coast that is home to
the beautiful greatest city on earth.
New York City just decided its governor
Hul
Hokul
that they will freeze all data center
buildouts
and that is a very very important
development because this impacts at
least psychologically and potentially
more than psychologically the entire AI
market. We have heard a lot about states
and public push back against data
centers and data center buildout is at
the heart of the entire AI story. It
affects SpaceX Colossus one, two, three.
It is very important for the stock that
they can build out more data centers.
But it goes way beyond SpaceX. It goes
into the hyperscalers. It goes into open
AIS and anthropics outlook of the
future. And of course it affects the
entire semiconductor industry from
Nvidia to MD to others all the way to
our favorite Micron technology and
adjacent stocks like SKH Highix and
SanDisk and many other people who
produce memory HDM memory who produce
the chips for the AI buildout. All these
people are dependent on one singular
question and that question is can we
actually expand and continue the
buildout of the data centers worldwide
and the US is at the heart
of this entire buildout. So let's dive
into it and see what's actually
happening here and why we see SpaceX
drop over the last 5 days 10% and while
today we see an entire set of
semiconductors drop like little stones.
I can show you more. Look at this. This
is the blood bath. Sandis down 15%.
Micron down 11% at the peak. It's
already recovering a little bit. Intel,
Intel up down 9%, AMD down 7%, Nvidia
holding up pretty nicely, but clearly we
see a little bit of a problem today. And
I believe it is actually connected to
these news. Who knows? But it is
connected to these news because the fact
that New York State has now banned large
data centers
could be very, very big. There's no
other state so far that did that and we
see this ban uh kicking into effect. We
have some news here. Uh New York just
banned large data centers. Five numbers
explain why the back is spread
nationwide. Governor Kathy Hokul will
sign an executive order on Tuesday
pausing hypers scale data centers
development in New York. The order will
bar the state from approving permits for
projects that use 50 or more megawws.
That would be all of Elon's of course
that would be all of the big buildouts
of Oracle and some others not in New
York State but you get the point.
And what it means is they're banning
this for one year while officials
develop a regulatory framework for
assessing their impact. But one year
stop one-year moratorum is pretty
serious in an exponential buildout.
New York has remained the economic
center of the world by embracing change
but also demanding that change uplift
our people. Hul said at a press
conference announcing the order and
today the winds of change have blown in
with the force of a hurricane. Blah blah
blah. I I don't understand why she's
talking like this. I don't just want New
York to be first. I want New York to be
the first in the right way. She said the
moratorum will buy the state time to
determine what exactly that means. It
also gives Hokul, who's up for
re-election November, more time to
consider a broad regulatory package
passed by the state legis legislature
next month or last month, which she has
not yet signed into law.
Her balancing act casts new light on a
conflict playing out in communities
across the country. As residents push
back against the effects of data center
development, state and local governments
are being forced to consider, reconsider
an industry. They spend years courting.
It's weird. They said, "Come to us. We
can do all these things. We give you tax
breaks." And now they're saying, "You
can't be here."
New York's moratorum is the clearest
sign yet that the bargain that fueled
the data center boom, now listen, is
beginning to fray. Maybe first numbers
help explain why governments embrace
these projects in the first place and
why more are now reconsidering what the
growth will cost. And now they go into
some summaries. Let's do this. One
county gets 45% of its revenue from data
centers. To understand that what
governments hope data centers would
deliver, it helps to look at Virginia.
And we will look at Virginia in a
second. The state is home to an
estimated 637 data centers. You have to
understand Virginia is the number two
state after taxes for buildout.
So 1.3 billion in annual tax revenue in
L in Luden County, Virginia alone or
just about 45% of the county's total
revenue. That's a lot.
Okay, so this is pretty huge. There are
counties that get 45% of their entire
revenue from data centers. Developers
rushed to claim 113 tax breaks in just
16 days. Arizona Commerce Authority
received 113 applicants for data center
tax incentives. So this is Arizona
uh data centers could consume 12% of US
electricity by 2028. By the way, right
now it's 7%. We already up there. 12% is
pretty. The only reason it's only 12% by
2028 is because there are ceilings. They
just can't push through it. But they
would also consume 21% if they could.
and growth could require 58 billion in
water infrastructure. Sure, you need a
little bit of water. Uh a power line
serving data center growth could cross
330 properties. This is all grid
buildout. We know there's a lot of
problems here, right? And all of that
all of that are reasons why we have this
push back now. But as you can imagine
and I I do think when you look at Micron
for example that this crazy drop today
7.65% 65% it went all the way down to
876
and you know it was much higher
yesterday right it was close to a
thousand actually so it's pretty
volatile and micron is just one example
same is true for the other
semiconductors I think it's connected
because imagine your entire growth
trajectory depends on the states
building out these things and we'll get
to SpaceX in a second because SpaceX is
actually in the middle of this
so here you See another tab just for
context. You see the buildout of data
centers.
193 in Dallas. Look, I mean this is
crazy. 152 in Phoenix, but Texas has now
395 data centers. And Virginia has 643
data centers, but I think Texas has more
builtout capacity. They're much bigger.
I think I have a better one here. Uh
here you see data centers under
construction. So Texas and Virginia are
leading by a lot in terms of
construction. And this is exactly what
we have to look at now. Okay, we have to
look at
how big is that impact and how scary is
it that New York banned this. We will
look into some more details. I prepared
this for you guys. Uh here is the
governor of New York. Hool. And this is
what President Trump in response
now said.
President Trump says one of the biggest
driving forces in the future of jobs are
data centers. They're big, strong, bold
in money machines for the state in which
they're built.
Governor Kathy Hokul, for political
reasons, has terminated all data centers
being built or to be built in New York
State. These companies are now being
sought in Alabama, Florida, Texas,
Arizona, and many other states. Exactly.
So, President Trump makes the point. We
need to understand the United States has
50 states in case you didn't know.
And that means there is no single state
who can stop this. And with every state
who wants to stop it, there will be
other states who embrace what Trump
calls liquid gold.
And he names some of them. The red
states, Alabama, Florida, Texas,
Arizona, and many other states. New York
State has made a terrible decision. All
of this income and other benefits will
be going to red states and some blue
where data centers are sought as cash
cows with lower taxes and record setting
jobs. They must pay their own water and
power and any leftover goes back to the
state and local community. Data centers
are tremendous wins for the states and
communities that are lucky enough to get
them. New York should change its policy
immediately. The radical left democrats,
beautiful word, must not be allowed to
cause us to lose data centers, AI, and
all of this incredible new technology to
China and other countries. President
Donald J. Trump. Now, whatever you think
on which side you are, Hokul versus
Trump, the takeaway here is this is a
competitive race. The attractiveness of
data center is enormous. And I do not
believe that this is a sign that
anything is coming to an halt anytime
soon. And I posted actually something I
want to show you guys right now.
Here
what I posted to give you context.
Pus pitches data center buildout in
response to New York State. Attempts to
stop or slow the buildout are widespread
among states. Here is the official list
of actions.
And I posted this. Look at this. I
looked it up. Here are all the states.
Famous Delaware who's bleeding companies
because everyone is leading Delaware.
Dexit because they did terrible things
to Tesla. And now Coinbase and all kinds
of other companies are leaving Delaware
because they have failed in their
mission to provide shareholder
protection. So, but besides that, you
see all the different states here
introducing bills. Moratorium on permits
for data centers over 100 megawatt.
Forbids local governments from
permitting data centers until December
2028. Mortorium data centers blah blah
blah. No data centers. No data centers.
So, all of these are new laws that are
brought or new bills brought to the
floor of the respective state
legislators. legislations legislators
to actually stop the data centers. But
look at this status introduced. No one
knows status here. Maine vetoed governor
says no. Maryland failed. Minnesota
failed. New Hampshire failed. So they
didn't get the votes. New York they
passed the legislator.
Okay, we just heard that. So that
passed. Oklahoma failed. Pennsylvania
introduced introduced South Dakota red
state failed
Wisconsin I think red state failed
so what you see here is already there
are many states who didn't try yet there
are many states that tried some got
vetoed like Maine others failed like
Minnesota New Hampshire South Dakota
failed they didn't get it through the
legislator legislature
uh and you already see what does it mean
well Minnesota's open for business. New
Hampshire is open for business.
Wisconsin is open for business. South
Dakota is open for business and even
Maine is open for business.
So that's happening
and you see there will be a lot of
incentives out there. So I do not think
that this is the end and I think there
will be resistance. There will be
increasing resistance. I don't think
there is any doubt about that. There
will also be increasing impact of AI in
2027 and then exponential impact in 2028
and people will get incredibly angry and
then we see real problems coming. But
for now, but for now, I do not think the
buildout can be held up. For now, I
think what we actually see is an
increasing friction into the buildout
that will not really play out anytime
soon in the next 12 months, but it will
be increasing pressure. And what does it
mean for our favorite companies?
It means for semiconductors,
it means for RAM, we will hit a little
bit of a scare here and then, but this
is a very unsustainable scare because
they will keep selling their stuff like
crazy.
uh we will see for companies like SpaceX
which I told you guys I believe the
overlooked aspect of SpaceX is not
Starink. I had a great discussion with
Larry Goldberg yesterday.
It is not Starink because Stalin cannot
scale EBIT fast enough to fill out that
crazy 1.8 trillion 1.78 trillion
valuation. Stock has came down come down
a lot by the way 10% down over the last
week. Uh today also down
uh I sold some short calls at 180 of
course kept all the money. I d-risked a
little bit with some gains half of the
position when I saw that there's a lot
of short interest. So I'm always scared
of short squeezes. I think SpaceX will
struggle for now because there's more
share unlocks coming tomorrow. We have a
great launch by the way. Uh I think it
will go well but it's overrated a little
bit in my opinion. They need cash and
where is the cash coming from? What is
their main main potential be? Today had
a great analyst meeting here at Pioneer
Alpha with a Pioneer Treasury
analysts working on the exact
projections of SpaceX bringing in more
of the most important short-term habit
which is their data centers. It is
Colossus one. Well, that's least out
toanthropic. Colossus 2, which is in the
middle of a giant buildout with
Blackwell 300s and B200s.
And of course, as Colossus 3 adjacent to
Colossus 2, same campus being built out
in Missouri.
And that has enormous potential to
double and triple SpaceX's earnings
in a very short period of time
potentially.
But I do think all these discussions
impact SpaceX negatively because people
are scared. Will there be more
legislation introduced like New York
State, maybe in Missouri, maybe even in
Memphis, in Tennessee?
I absolutely don't think so. But there's
a lawsuit already against them to try to
hold up these data centers. So all of
that creates some doubt in the market if
they can actually build this out. And
that is the main support for the stock.
The main reason this stock might go up
in the short term, the only reason in my
opinion is massive cash coming in
through more compute leases, through a
much bigger thing than Colossus one. So
I think that could h happen in the next
six months. We are coming to the
conclusion it's more likely than not to
that something big is going to happen on
the cash side.
And all of this now boils down to the
big question. Is this New York action an
indication for something huge happening?
Is this something huge? Something very
concerning or not? You know my opinion.
In the short term,
what is that? In the short term,
it is not a problem. It is overrated.
But we already see
things like that that the data center
buildout boom hits some form of walls
and the walls are not demand. Demand is
through the roof. The walls are is there
enough energy? What about the
permitting? What about this increasing
resistance? This is data center
construction annual growth in percent.
Um, of course it's still growing on a
very high basis. This is growth. Of
course, it's not going down. The growth
is declining but it's still continuing.
And we see some real hits here because
this has nothing to do with demand. Very
important. This is a supply constraint.
Where is the land? Where's the energy?
Where are the permits? And this becomes
exponentially more difficult. Now,
here's how I view this whole thing for
SpaceX. In the short term, SpaceX will
win. No one is going to stop Colossus 3
and Colossus 2. That will get them to 2
gawatt which gives them a lot more
revenue probably five times the revenue
they have right now up to five times so
it would be 125 billion in revenue that
would be whatever 50 billion in abbot
maybe after depreciation
that's very big but I do believe
Colossus 4 or whatever will be
exponentially harder to get because of
permitting not because of RAM not
because of chips it will permitting.
There will be extremely hostile
environment coming up. So in the short
term, I'm not concerned. In the midterm,
friction will increase. I think they
will pull off maybe Colossus 4 because
it's Elon. They're going to find some
state that allows that. And in 2027,
very savvy operators and very big
operators like SpaceX will continue to
succeed the buildout. But in 2028 and 9,
we will hit serious problems because the
political toxicity will go through the
roof.
Is that bad for SpaceX? Well, we have to
consider that SpaceX's main pitch
is actually space AI. And so the
question is the door is closing. The
walls are closing in on the entire
industry. And I think by 2030 there will
be enormous problems, enormous problems.
And so the question for SpaceX in the
long term come down to the question if
they can pull off space AI, space-based
orbital AI by 2028. And if they can, if
they can get to multi- gigawatt scale in
2028, I do think they can, by the way,
and most people do not think so, but I
do think they can. And if they can pull
that off, the walls closing in become a
push forcing function into EPIT for
SpaceX because then the entire world, at
least the entire United States will run
for the exits, the space exits, the
speckits
and buy everything SpaceX has to offer.
So this story could flip into a very
powerful story for SpaceX. And in the
short term this year and also the first
half of next year I think SpaceX can
actually surprise to the upside because
the terrestrial buildout will succeed
and Hokul and others will not stop it.
That is my take on this crazy situation
and let's go to the comments and
questions to see what is going on. Which
picture do we want for the questions?
Uh so we are entertained. What is this?
12 year clear current data pipeline. So
here you see the backlog clearance
timeline. We need 11.8 years to clear
the backlog. So the demand is going
through the roof. Okay. Backlog is going
up because demand for data centers goes
up while buildout is going down. Good
for anyone who can build but it's
becoming exponentially harder to build.
interesting situation especially for
Micron and others because if this comes
to a grinding hold of some sort then we
see a total implosion of
of micron for example but we also have
the entire world waiting for this stuff
maybe we keep it at micron here
interesting
let's see what you guys have to ask
today
data center Detroit Let's start at the
beginning. What are the questions here?
John Johnny Aya says, "AOC scares Amazon
away. Now a whole moratorium mor moreum
more on data centers. I'm ashamed of my
state. AMD has recovered a bit. Micron
is building a 100 billion mega fab
complex in Clay, New York. Texas is open
for business. New York, not so much. Red
states, they should generate all or most
of the power that is required. data
science will warm up Maine in the
winter. Massachusetts is probably next.
Good points.
Michael,
what is your outlook for Bitcoin micro
strategy? Do you think stretch will
return on something close to 100 par
value? I mean stretch is a total
function of the market trust into their
ability to execute.
Uh we can make a little excursion to
micro strategy. Let's see what they're
doing today.
Down and Bitcoin going strong
relatively. Bitcoin Ethereum looking
good. Micro Strategy looking weak. I
think there's absolutely nothing to be
concerned of. Micro Strategy pulled off
great capital raises. They have their
coffers filled with $3 billion. I have
zero concerns. I think the market is a
little crazy here. Um, of course, if you
hold Micro Strategy or Stretch, I mean,
you're at the mercy of the market a
little bit shortterm, you're at the
mercy of Bitcoin. If Bitcoin crashes,
you will crash. If Bitcoin goes up, you
will go up. If Bitcoin goes up, you will
go up much more than Bitcoin because we
have a lot of catching up to do. So,
ultimately, short-term and midterm, this
is a bet on Bitcoin. It's that simple.
There is nothing about micro strategy
that introduces any additional risk in
my opinion. I mean, of course, there's
some tiny little things, but nothing of
relevance. I do not see any additional
risk on Micro Strategy other than
Bitcoin risk.
So, I think it's a leveraged bet. If you
like Bitcoin, if you believe Bitcoin
recovers in the next year, goes back to
100,000 or something, that's your bet.
Uh, I think strategy makes you more
money than Bitcoin.
Uh but could there be panic if Bitcoin
crashes to 40,000? Could could B
strategy completely panic and then you
know whatever destabilize the whole
story? Sure. So it's it's kind of a
leveraged bet. That's what I think about
Micro Strategy.
Uh
what else do we have going on here?
Micro Strategy.
We have Mark asking new generation in US
rare in US. In Missouri you can exploit
and run jet engines 24 by7 in poor
neighborhood. Not a single person on
this thread would welcome this in their
neighborhood. Shameful. Sure there are
problems.
The midterm elections are super
important.
Yeah. Are they super important?
I think the Democrats get the House as
long as the Republicans keep the Senate,
which is expected.
I mean, not too much is going to happen.
I think it's important that we don't see
like a total blue wave that could create
serious problems.
It's very hard to stop the Democrats
from taking the House.
So, I don't agree that it's like super
important in the sense that we don't
know what's going to happen. It's super
important that nothing extreme happens.
Let me put it like this. And tomorrow,
Trump will have some surprises. Let's
see how important that is. His speech
about elections.
Ian says, "What about unused office
blocks, solar on the outside, data
center on the inside?"
Um,
I think you're thinking about energy and
you need a lot of solar. I mean, these
you have to look into that what a
gigawatt means or 100 megawatt. This
this is like insane. You need like solar
blocks like 10 size the size of
Manhattan.
And even if you have the energy, what
about the cooling? What about the water?
So these are non-trivial things. Okay. I
think the United States is a very big
country. They should find places to
build them. I don't understand what the
problem is.
Uh John says, "Yes, data center
Detroit." Yeah, if there would be a
little bit of visionary people also in
Europe, in Europe, in Canada, in the US,
in Mexico, whatever. You probably don't
want to build in Mexico. How hard can it
be to build these stupid data sets? It's
kind of ridiculous. It's kind of a
pathetic failure of government in my
opinion. Where are the leaders in all
the United like okay in Texas maybe the
governors the leadership of these states
the leadership of small countries in
Europe in Iceland? Well, Iceland has to
be cautious with the environment in
Canada. What's the problem? In Sydney,
in Australia, why don't they build giant
uh solar panels there? I don't
understand.
Michael asks,
"Would you would Joe be a significant
buyer of SpaceX's 100?" Michael, I said
it before, I will say it again. For me,
let's go to SpaceX. For me, SpaceX is
not a stock, it's a stock that I want to
own, that Pioneer Lens wants to own
through the Pioneer Reserve, through
Pioneer Bonds for all of us, and we will
add it to the portfolio. Pioneer Alpha
will get it. But for me, SpaceX is
actually a story that is not price
dependent, but time dependent. Because
in this specific case, there will be too
much selling pressure for my taste all
the way up to November. So, I'm not
looking at a specific price. I'm looking
at a specific point in time. So, if we
at 130 in November and the selling
pressure is over, I will add it to the
portfolio. If it's at 90, I will add it.
If it's 150, I will add it. I do think
it will go down and I do think it will
bottom more on a time scale around
there. I think it's still very expensive
because we don't know what these data
centers are going to give us.
I think it's much more likely than not
that we will get to
30 billion 40 billion EBIT next year
because of these data centers and then
you would have at one trillion a 50p
at two trillion you would have 100 PE. I
think a 100 price earnings ratio for
SpaceX is still very cheap.
So that would be a little higher than
here would be 150. Um but that assumes
that they get you know 40 billion in
abbot. They have 11 billion right now
run rate or something. So they need to
grow by 300% their earnings. I think
they will and then it becomes a pretty
reasonable pitch. Then you can dug in at
a 100 price earnings that's much lower
than Tesla. You can dig in and say now
we can bridge a year into space
satellites. Right? If you had a 100
price earnings I would be a buyer. A lot
of things have to happen for that. And
of course, the lower the better. But I'm
not looking for 80 or 90 or 100.
You know, if this thing crashes like a
stone in September
to 80, I'm not going to buy it. I'm
going to wait until November because if
it crashes to 80, it can also crash to
50.
It could also totally not do that. So,
I'm looking more at the mechanics and
timeline than at a price because the
market, the price discovery, the PE you
actually want to pay, who the hell
knows?
And I have a with SpaceX, I really have
a timeline in mind. I think 2028 will be
tremendous. The second half of 2027 will
be littered with amazing catalysts. I
think right now there will be huge
selling catalysts coming in just
mechanically. On the other side of the
equation, there will be more compute
revenue, potentially significantly more,
but they're just too highly valued for
that to lead to a runup. That's what I
think.
Okay.
Stretch should be able to pay dividends
for at least 18 months. I agree, John.
But people don't think like that.
They're like all panicky. I bought a few
around 140.
Oops. I don't care. holding for 5 years
plus. If you are a fiveyear Horizon
investor, SpaceX is definitely a buy. I
just think why not wait
uh HAL 9000, the famous HAL 9,000. Uh
the beginning of AI becoming a political
football perhaps with New York banning
data center buildout. Yes. I mean AI is
now be on an exponential trajectory to
become the ultimate political football.
Do you think Tesla's uh stock is a buy?
Yes, I think so. Tesla is a safer bet
than SpaceX for now, for the next six
months. Much safer in my opinion.
Much safer. But Micron also pretty good.
There's too much hand ringing over
SpaceX. Let Enon Cook. If it drops, I'll
add that's makes sense. Until or unless
you recognize there is a war going on,
Democrats and globalists versus Trump,
you won't understand what's going on,
says Scott.
Uh I understand there's a war going on.
Um I don't know how big the war is like
you know this is a political discussion.
Is the war actually that big or is Trump
also on their side secretly or what is
even happening?
Who knows? I think there's definitely
some sort of war going on. We will know
more tomorrow. Not everything but we
will know more after his speech about
the election.
I think there is no doubt that Trump at
the at a minimum is not completely on
their side behind the scenes. There is
definitely some something going on.
Uh
fine Setham says, "What's the right to
pull out your money? What amount when it
goes down?" I don't understand the
question totally.
Uh Scott, the government of New York is
practically a movie villain. I agree.
like the Joker, not the only one, but
yes, same as the G of California, that's
for sure. In Virginia, I don't know him
or her and other blue hell holes of
Marxist and fascist revolutionaries.
Yeah, I mean, Hokul I think Hokul
wouldn't even contest that. I think she
I think Hokul admits she's the Joker. I
think I'm not sure. We have to ask her.
I know that Newsome is clearly owning
it.
Uh, so yes, she looks like it.
So you never know what's in their minds,
but it's definitely something dubious.
So we will see how this pans out. Uh,
but from an investment perspective.
Can this scare the markets? The markets
are easily scared. When you look at
Micron, for example, I think SpaceX,
smart analysts understand that the main
catalyst for SpaceX is the buildout.
Um,
Supersonic Asian says, "Sell Tesla
November at all-time highs, then buy
SpaceX at all-time lows." Well, that
would be the perfect trade. That's my
theory, too, Supersonic Asian. But of
course, we don't know. That is a likely
scenario that this is very smart.
But can I guarantee it? No. But I agree
this is a scenario that is more likely
than not to happen. Tesla going up,
SpaceX going down, and then at the top
and low you flip.
But this is also some wishful thinking
on my side. Um be nice.
Michael Bush is asking, "Do you suppose
Kathy Hawk holds a significant position
at SpaceX?"
Of course not. Well, secretly maybe. Who
knows?
So that is going on. What else is going
on? There's a lot going on. But this is
the story for today.
It was important to cover this. You know
that we have to watch
the age of AGI unfold and these are
important
very important
developments because the politiciz
politicization
will continue
to increase dramatically
and we need to stay on top of that.
Uh
so that is all very important. What is
this here? Pretty important merger
question
investors.
Here is an interesting latest
development on the earnings call for
Tesla. Oh, someone delete it. to reward
long-term Tesla retail shareholders for
their loyalty. Can you commit to
achieving at least half of the goals
outlined in your 2025 compensation plan
before considering any over to acquire
merge Tesla? That's a little crazy
question. The answer is no.
That would be interesting. What's
happening next?
Yeah. Yeah, and you see like in context
with what we just discussed, you also
see Oracle absolutely plunging 30% over
the last month and including today.
I tell you guys, data center billot is
one of the weirdest things that ever
happened. And if in doubt, trust
capitalism to find a way. If you have
overwhelming demand, you have
overwhelming demand, you have now also
all the pieces of supply will totally
figure itself out. I have no doubt the
chips, the ram, the turbines, all of the
equipment around it, that's not a
problem. This is called capitalism.
People will produce that stuff to the
extent needed very, very quickly. Have
no doubt about that. The idea that
policy alone can stop data centers is
dumb. It can create friction, but it can
stop them. In order to stop data centers
at large
with no loopholes going to Texas or
whatever, you would need 10 times or 100
times more resistance than you have now.
Now, will you have potentially 100 times
more resistance than now in 2029
or eight?
Yes, potentially. But until then, we
will see lots of more data centers being
built out. So that's that's what I think
just on a first principal level. You
can't stop these things if the market
wants it unless you have massive
resistance.
James says, "Who cares? They will build
in Texas." Yes, Texas can absorb a lot
of data centers.
Did you see Senator Warren welcoming
Walsh to his new position today? I
didn't see that. John Johnny Yaya
Johnny.
Uh, what did she say now? Pocahontas.
What is she up to?
Scott,
expect every blue state to ban data
centers. They're crazed pagan earth
mother worshipping trist.
Well, I lived in California. I know what
you mean. They don't really believe in
anything except power, but they use
climate alarmism as an excuse.
I don't think that is true for all of
the blue states. I think that's true for
the loonies. But there are reasonable
blue states as we saw. I mean, there are
some that didn't pass this legislation.
So, we should never forget not every
blue state is California or New York.
And on top of that, you have all the red
states. You have more than enough red
states to make this happen. The blue
states would love data centers if there
was a dem behind the push. Exactly.
But it's not right now.
Okay. So, that's the news for today.
Uh Tesla doesn't do anything interesting
today. So there's not much to talk about
there.
Uh AI3. Wow. Whole Mars. No, that wasn't
Whole Mars. He doesn't have AI3. Someone
used now AI3 to go. Should we just do
final check before we stop it? Robo taxi
news. Probably nothing. I think more
rollouts in Austin.
July 13th. July 14th.
Alexandra.
Oh no, that's I knew that before. Tesla
news about are insane. Tesla new covered
vehicle at yes I saw this Samsung
foundry employee confirmed that Tesla 5
chip has completed the tape out phase. I
know Tesla FSD version new out. Yes.
Testing in Houston cyber cap.
Wait times for Tesla's robo taxi Miami
report to have been under five minutes.
Interesting. Cyber cap spotted in
Massachusetts. Parking lots showing off
to the public. Tesla FSD looking to be
approved in Germany. I know, but it's
not happening yet. Py,
this is interesting. I saw this
yesterday. This is Let's wrap it up with
this is Houston. This is a parking lot
of the robo taxis and the cyber cap as
you will see in a second. So it's pretty
big.
Ready to do something and use
the cyber cap. We have more cyber caps
coming.
It's very interesting once we understand
what Tesla is actually doing there. Why
are they deploying all these cyber caps
everywhere? I told you guys the only
reason can be that they want to use
them. You don't deploy them to all kinds
of cities for no reason. Rains my
theory.
New York by the way cyber cap. Now
look at this.
Elon needs to get the data centers into
space as soon as possible to avoid all
the resistance that will surely build on
Earth and might become
a huge election issue in 2028 along with
PI General 9000. The super ASI says that
and he is absolutely
yes.
Uh
nature says billionaires don't care
about the impact of the data centers of
human life and you live next to water
behemoths. You wouldn't like them
either. I don't like them next to me but
I hope they build them responsibly.
Can't be that hard.
There should never be a damn behind the
push unless there was a payoff drive
that came from Scott. Sometimes I think
Scott doesn't like dams.
If EU goes FSD positive, how might that
affect the Tesla brand and all the other
brands?
I think it's a total win. It's an
inevitable and quick and soon and
unexpected total win for Tesla. I think
FSD drives Tesla sales in Europe up a
lot and I think FSD will get approved by
Teslas in Germany will happen this year
and that's a very big deal once it
happens.
The effect of approving FSD in Europe is
just that
a lot in my opinion
needs to get the data space. Yes. Yes.
Yes. Warren will find a way to slow
cyber cabin Massachusetts. Yeah. I mean,
orange is a sweet psychos.
Never seed ground to the fascist left,
says Scott. The border issue is bogus,
so just prove it and take
that's not so easy, Scott. You can't
just you can't just,
you know, the whole point is you can't
just prove a point and then knock it
out. That's not how it works. They just
insert it. They just do it again and
then they have a new audience that never
heard your first point. So crooing
points
unfortunately
I don't mind down a little bit why
Google stock took a big hit from the
racing to spend money
I did a video yesterday check out my
video from yesterday where I looked at
the
cash of the capex and then I explained
why this is all bogus I mean look at
Google is doing very fine and will
continue to do to do very fine and will
do very fine because of the data centers
It's an earnings drive.
Why would it remind deep roosting when
there are vast amount of
it's not that simple once you actually
look for the solutions?
Loud music. I didn't even hear anything.
Is it still on?
I don't hear anything.
Do we still have music on?
I can't hear anything.
I couldn't even hear the music. Why is
there music? Why can't you hear music?
This is like the next level of annoyance
that I for you. It's too loud for I I
can't even hear it.
Something is wrong with this whole
thing.
Here we have a
We're putting up this. What about this?
Now we have quiet.
It's gone.
Very good.
Okay guys,
that's the news for now. Thanks for
tuning in.
Any more questions? Earnings are coming
up next week. Well, we'll cover that
extensively. We have a Sunday show of
course coming. I'm working on a better
format with more news.
Uh and then we will see what happens.
Should we take a final look at uh Tesla?
Maybe Tesla doesn't do anything today.
Last time I checked,
Tesla nothing. Literally nothing. Tesla
dragging its feet. I still believe there
will be a tiny little run up maybe
before earnings because everyone knows
it's good earnings. But what does it
mean? 410 maybe that won't change much.
Uh SpaceX Micron getting slaughtered.
I think this is because of
oops
because of what do they talk about?
China here.
N 94 billion wiped out today.
This is so insane. The micron valuation
is truly insane. I don't I have to do
the latest math. It's probably under
eight forward price earnings 2027. Let
that sink in. Or 2026.
Let that sink in. Like I think they're
they're going to come in at 60.
No. at more 80 billion or something or
more. They're 105 billion earnings
and they're trading at 890
billion market. I mean this is
completely nuts.
Uh CXMT is launching the offering as
micron trades at levels reflected supply
crunch management
supply crunch.
Do you guys see this? I'm sharing my
screen. No, you don't even see my screen
here. I found this nice little article
on Micron.
Yeah, merciful to you. But I'm switched
long now. I'm long micron now.
I think now it's a very good time to be
long micron. Look at this. Because there
is a floor. You can like where where is
this thing going to go? if it's at 7.5
or eight eight times price earnings.
Eight times 2026 price earnings growing
at 300%. Like are you kidding me? At
some point at some point it can't drop
anymore. That's what I think. I think
it's getting and when I look at the
option premiums oh my god going short
puts writing some puts here at the
money.
Juicy. Extremely juicy.
Okay, very good. Let's wrap it up.
That's it for today. We will be back
tomorrow and you guys take care.
Interesting things happening. We will
bring you the latest tomorrow again.
Thank you so much. See you soon.