Channel:     jobhakdi
Title:       Is The SpaceX Merge UNFAIR For Tesla Shareholders? My Rebellionaire Takedown!
URL:         https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PsejSxapLls
Published:   2026-05-08 21:51 UTC
Fetched:     2026-05-08 22:00 UTC

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

And we are live for a very very
important discussion that is raging all
over X inside the Tesla shareholder
crowd all the Tesla tubers and Xers and
it's a very very important question and
it has been raised by Rebellionaire who
often puts up great content on X. Thank
you Rebellionire for your contributions
to the discussion. But this time I might
have to push back on a few things. So,
let me explain what's happening here,
what the real questions are, and why
Tesla shareholders are very concerned,
some of them, about the SpaceX merger
and the fairness of it. Are we getting
paid enough? So, here is what
Rebellionaire basically outlined. As you
see here, he posted a video that got
211,000
views on X, which is a lot. That's not
easy to achieve. Congratulations on that
achievements. And here comes the
argument. Rebellionaire basically says
LA shareholders funded the robo taxi
vision through the hard part over the
last 10 years effectively the missed
timelines ridicule drawd downs and the
FSD is impossible years. So if Tesla
ever gets folded into SpaceX the
question isn't wouldn't that be cool it
is who gets paid for the robo taxi
value. So the argument goes like that we
as Tesla shareholders we have been there
for Tesla when it wasn't easy. We have
been there holding that stock over the
last 5 years or 4 and a half years and
it just went down. But we kept believing
in the vision of Roboaxi and FSD when we
actually lost money. Not me, but some
people lost money on the stock
throughout these tough years. And now
that robo taxi is coming to fruition.
Now that all that weight actually is
paying off, now we are sitting here and
we'll get merged into SpaceX with no
good compensation for that because robo
taxi is still not scaling to the extent
we all hope for and the actual money is
not being reflected in the stock unless
we actually start scaling robo taxis
into the millions or at least hundreds
of thousands. That is the situation and
that seems very very unfair at face
value. Now there is of course a
counterargument to this whole debate
where people are saying well it's not
that easy. It is actually the case that
this is all great because Tesla is
getting merged into SpaceX and that will
be an amazing new company that is
shaping the future of humanity. We're
going to the moon literally and everyone
will be very very happy. So we now have
the critical crowd both bulls both Tesla
bulls but we have the critical crowd
that says after all this wait before we
actually get paid before the stock
reprices
we are not getting paid enough if we are
now having a SpaceX merger and getting
500 bucks per share or 450 whatever it
is that is unfair. the other side of the
bull crowd, Alexander Mertz for example,
many others, they are saying, "Forget
it. This is amazing. We have to support
Elon. We're going to the moon. What do
you even want?" That is the debate that
we have to address today. And I am
actually falling in neither camp because
I think both sides are a little
inaccurate and a little wrong on how we
have to view this big and contested
debate. Because this is not about being
a Tesla fanboy and supporting Elon
blindly and being all excited about
SpaceX and Tesla while taking a big hit
on the stock. But it's also not about
saying look we waited for so long, we
supported Teslas for so long and now
we're getting a bad price at the merger.
The way we have to look at that and
that's how we do things in Pioneer
Lands. We have to be rational investors.
And as rational investors, we have to
understand how stock prices actually
work, how the market prices Tesla, and
we have to understand what the real fair
price for Tesla actually is or will be.
And for that, I want to invite you to
take a little bit of a look inside my
Tesla model where I will explain where I
think we are right now. So, forgive me,
I didn't format this. This is not
certain basher perfection in terms of
slide design. This is just the raw
model. I'm just going to show you some
of the assumptions here. I basically
look at this whole thing through my
assumptions that I adjusted now in the
base model where I'm looking at what do
I actually expect to happen with Tesla
over the next years actually all the way
to 2040.
But the way this model works is I'm
looking at Optimus. I'm looking at the
core business. I'm looking at robo taxi
and I'm calculating the discounted cash
flow value of Tesla the stock and that
gives me a specific stock price based on
the assumptions what's going to happen
now I adjusted this I basically pushed
my original timeline from 18 months ago
or 12 months ago 12 to 18 months out
because I think we're a little late so
that shifts all my price targets to the
back and that means my 2030 price target
is now a little different a little lower
still pretty good And after I did that,
it's a very conservative approach to
share price value. It's a discounted
cash flow model, which is the most
conservative approach you can take in my
opinion. I also discounted down by the
risk that is remaining in these
verticals that are coming. So for
example, if you believe Roboaxi has a
share price value this year raw based on
the model of let's say 300 bucks, 400
bucks, but you think there is only an
80% chance that all of this is going to
happen at 20% chance of failure, you're
discounting that 400 bucks by another
20%. So, so here are just a few
assumptions I want to share before I go
into the share price and then explain
what this has to do with this
alldecisive question that rebellionire
is raising here. So, first of all,
Optimus I think Optimus could deliver
10,000 optim optim whatever the name for
the plural of Optimus is this year. I
think we get to 50,000 next year and to
200,000 2028. Now, that's a little
speculative. From there it then goes
vertical and we have a lot of uh optim.
We have 1.5 million deployed in 2030.
That's my assumptions for the base
model. I think that's reasonable. We
will see what happens. It's a little bit
an estimation. It could be more. It
could be less. I think it's a reasonable
assumption. Production rate will be
0.9900,000
Optimus produced in 2030. Now maybe more
important robo taxi. I take it slow. I'm
saying we get to 10,000. So kind of
conservative. think Herbert thinks it's
more. I think it's actually more. So,
this is a little conservative. 10,000
robo taxis deployed this year. Then we
are going to 100,000 next year. I think
it will be an inflection point and then
we grow very strongly, right? We grow to
200,000 by 2028 and then we go really
aggressively into growth because at that
point in 2028 the problem should be
thoroughly solved and all the
jurisdictions should be ready for scale
and then be scaling into many millions.
Okay. Not crazy. So I think we it still
takes until here 2000 to 10 million. It
takes until nearly 2035 2034. I think
that's very conservative. It is all
about the inflection point here. Are we
hitting that inflection point or not? I
think we will. I think we will have
hundreds of thousands in 2028. Just so
you know what I where I'm coming from
with this model. Okay. If we see it like
this. Now let's go into what that means
for discounted cash flow or I'm skipping
the cash flow. I'm going right into the
share price. If you do the discounted
cash flow situation, you're discounting
risk down a little bit. Right on top of
it, I'm getting to the following share
prices for 2026. The fair value of that
stock is 600 bucks. That is my fair
value. That requires the stock to go to
that requires Tesla to actually deploy
10,000 robo taxis by end of this year.
If they deploy 10,000 robo taxis and
then they go to 100,000 and 200,000 and
so on, here is the share price that
would be the discounted cash flow fair
value. Now, very important to
understand, I do not think if this
happens, these will be the actual price
targets of Wall Street or of the market
at large. I do think uh the price for
Tesla's stock would be much higher than
this if things happen the way I think. I
do think if Tesla deploys over 10,000
robo taxis this year, we will not go to
600. I think we will go significantly
higher. But if we do so, we should all
buckle up and be prepared for a drop
because in the end, the market is a
weighing machine. And if you want to
know the true weight, the true value of
Tesla, you have to look at my model.
That is the true value of Tesla. And I
think in any given year, we can exceed
that price dramatically and potentially
fall below it. Even though I think
that's much less likely. So this is not
a price target. This is the true
intrinsic value. Very different. And the
reason for the difference is the
analysts and the banks and the
institutional investors are not that
dumb. They understand if this is the
true intrinsic value. But this is the
trajectory. You're pulling forward these
prices in the future here because you
that is too much of a keer that is not
efficient for the markets. They want to
price 2026. So they smoothly go into
that at a normal growth rate. Long story
short, the true intrinsic value of Tesla
is probably below 600 right now as long
as we don't have that scaling going on.
As long as we can't be sure that we
actually scale to 10,000. Now what is my
point? My point here is when
rebellionire says look we have waited
for so long and Tesla now has to deliver
robo taxi and it is unfair to us as
shareholders to merge Tesla at let's say
at 600 or at 500 whatever it will be. My
push back is the following that
discussion assumes that whatever price
Tesla is right now is the wrong price.
This assumes that Tesla is fundamentally
mispriced by the market. And it means
that the future of Tesla, the future of
robo taxi is crystal clear and fully
known to all of us. So that we all know,
oh Tesla should be actually much higher
right now than it is. That is a flawed
argument. When you look at stock prices
and how prices work, there is a very
strong argument to be made that if
there's any kind of market transparency
and let's say wisdom transparency,
transparency of the future, then a stock
is kind of accurately priced and if
SpaceX is priced at a certain point and
Tesla's priced at a certain point and
they merge and Tesla gets a little bit
of a premium, that is by definition, by
default, the right price and it's fair.
So, it's a little bit a beginner mistake
in my opinion to say, "Look, it is so
obvious that Tesla will go to 4,000.
It's so unfair to merge it into SpaceX
because then all the weight was for
nothing." Well, in fact, we have to
understand SpaceX can argue the same
thing. SpaceX can argue, well, what
about us? We will be at 10 trillion in
2031 and you're getting us for cheap. So
the argument that Tesla's undervalued
relative to SpaceX, which is the core
argument here, is weak. Now, I do think
that SpaceX will be a little bit
overhyped at the IPO. I do think Tesla
is slightly undervalued, but it's not
crazy worlds apart, and we don't even
know the merger price. Okay. Do I
believe we should have significant
premium as Tesla shareholders at the
merger depending where SpaceX ends up? I
don't think we need significant premium.
I think if it's a merger of equals, you
can argue that's reasonable. The SpaceX
TAM is infinitely larger than Tesla's
because SpaceX by definition has an
totally infinite TAM. Hey, on this
channel we do something very important.
We deeply analyze, understand, and
predict capital, AGI, and politics. Not
just to beat the markets and make a lot
of money, even though that's important,
but also to build a new society and make
the future good for all of us, the
pioneers. If you want to help me on this
journey, you can do that by doing a very
simple thing. Like and subscribe. It
helps me a lot. Thank you so much for
your support. And let's get back to the
video. So, whatever Tesla's Tam is,
SpaceX is infinite. Is Tesla a little
earlier at the inflection point of
generating insane amounts of cash?
Maybe, but you have stalin coming up.
You have space AI coming up sooner than
people think. You have robo taxi
potential delays. No one knows it
exactly. And whatever we can know by
definition without sounding I hope I
don't sound academic here, it is by
default priced into the stock. An
additional argument for the fair pricing
theory of the market is that the
YouTubers, the Tesla tubers, from me to
Rebellionaire to Herbert and to many
other smart people to Dan Ives, he's
kind of a half Tesla tuber at this point
to, you know, Morgan Stanley, uh, Adam
Jonas. We all got the word out. The
world knows about Robo Taxi. The world
is aware of Optimus. Tesla is trading
much higher than its core business would
justify. So there is significant over
50% of the stock price is already
anticipating the future discounted with
the risks and unknown factors of this
whole thing. So my argument bottom line
is the assumption that all of us know
that Tesla should be so much worth more
that there's no risk discount to that
future that SpaceX shouldn't be worth
more than it will be when at IPO or at
merger and that that there should not be
a risk discount for SpaceX doesn't make
any sense. We need to grow up and say,
well, in the end, these are stocks.
There's a highly liquid market. There's
extreme attention on these two stocks.
The market decides to price the stock in
a certain way based on my model, based
on Den I's model, based on Adam Jonah's
model, based on all the discussions on
Herbert, all the discussions on X,
between Rebellionaire, between
Alexander, between everyone. So there,
no one can argue there's a lack of
transparency. No one can argue that
there is a lack of awareness of what's
going on of these verticals. And because
of that knowledge, wisdom, and
information transparency, the argument
that this stock is completely mispriced
at any given point in time, we have to
reject a little bit. And the fact that I
personally believe Tesla will go on a
generational run this year, maybe next
year, but more likely this year.
Generational just means maybe 100%,
maybe 200%, maybe 300%. is fine, but I
wouldn't get too nervous about it
because we are not even there yet. We
have not announced the merger. We don't
know when it exactly happens. If the
merger happens in December or in January
next year, I think the price of Tesla
will be much higher. And if it's not,
it's just proof of what I just said that
the future is a little bit unknown and
there is a lot of risk baked in because
delays are possible. So, you know, when
is this inflection going to happen?
Either before or after. If it happens
before, we don't need to discuss it. and
we get a fair price. If it happens after
and Tesla is still cheap, there will be
a reason for that. So, long story short,
the argument that anything in a public
market with this level of attention,
this level of coverage is totally
mispriced and the deal is unfair, I
think is structurally unound. That's
what I think. So, I hope that was
helpful and interesting and you
understand where I'm coming from. Have
the discussion in the comments on X and
I'm glad to join you. Hope to see you
soon.