Channel:     electrified
Title:       A MONSTER Weekend for Tesla and SpaceX ⚡️
URL:         https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Yi6bOK9jJA0
Published:   2026-09-28 23:44 UTC
Fetched:     2026-09-29 00:00 UTC

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Okay, so we're going to be testing the
FSD reactivation feature. I believe it
launched in 1439. We're now on 14310.
So, what I'm going to do, I've got FSD
engaged right now. In this corner up
here, I will just tap the brake to
disengage FSD and we'll see if it turns
the system back on in the corner. So,
I'm going to tap the brake. FSD is off.
Wow.
And we did get a new message on the
screen.
That worked. the reactivated FSD in the
corner right before we almost hit the
curb. Wow. So, so, so cool. Great work,
Tesla AI team. That's awesome. Welcome
to Electrified. It's your host, Dylan
Lumis. So, that new automatic collision
evasion feature from Tesla looking
pretty incredible out in the wild.
Starship's flight 14 did go off as
planned this morning, and SpaceX just
put out a quick debrief. And the
headline on the first attempt for
orbital insertion, SpaceX has been
successful. Starship made it to orbit
and successfully deployed 26 Starlink V3
SATs. So, of course, reaching orbit and
deploying operational V3 satellites,
great news. However, it was not all
great news. And as you'll see, because
of how some of this flight transpired,
I'm not overly confident we will see any
catches with flight 15. As SpaceX said
during the initial climb to space, a
single Raptor engine on the booster shut
down, but hot staging was successful as
Starship's upper stage ignited all six
Raptor engines. Superheavy did the flip
maneuver and reit 31 of the planned 33
Raptor engines for the boost back burn.
The booster then reignited 11 of the
planned 13 engines for the high thrust
portion of the landing burn before down
selecting to five engines for trajectory
finetuning and then down to three
engines before splashing down in the
Gulf. Upon landing burn shutdown,
Superheavyy's flight termination system,
the FTS, was triggered in a
demonstration of the safety hardware,
which now is mostly an autonomous
system. During the ship's ascent burn, a
single Raptor vacuum engine shut down
early, Starship still achieved its
planned passively safe suborbital
trajectory by burning its remaining five
engines for longer than planned to
compensate for the loss of thrust. And
once the team decided to give it a go
for orbital operations, Starship
reignited a single Raptor Seale engine
to perform an orbit insertion burn and
entered into orbit around the Earth for
the first time. When it comes to
deployment of the 26 V3 SATs, contact
was made soon after with every satellite
over laser links, ground stations, and
Starlink user terminals. The SATs will
now conduct onorbit checkouts and raise
their orbits before they begin serving
customers. And I'm seeing people say,
"Wow, my Starlink is faster already."
No, this is not the reason why. These
new V3 satellites won't meaningfully
change your service until likely
sometime Q2 next year. And that's
because Elon said they would need on the
order of a thousand of these V3 sats up
and operational before customers would
experience any meaningful changes. And
further, it'll likely be another few
weeks before these specific V3
satellites are actually operating for
the service. Now, nominally on this
flight, they were expecting to do six
orbits of the Earth, but in actuality,
they only ended up doing two. And they
said out of an abundance of caution
given the engine issue experienced
during ascent, the flight control team
decided to limit the duration spent on
orbit. Starship then relit a single
Raptor sea level engine and performed
its first ever de-orbit burn, which
successfully brought the vehicle out of
orbit and sent Starship through
atmospheric re-entry and descent to the
intended splashdown point. The flight
concluded with the vehicle relighting
all three Raptor sea level engines in a
landing burn and flip maneuver before
splashing down on target in the Pacific
Ocean. So the good, as Rob said, with
this launch, SpaceX added more Starlink
capacity in an hour roughly than they
did in the first 1 and 1/2 years of
Starlink launches. And the next launch
will cover another full year. And there
are plenty of folks out there looking at
SpaceX's stock price today wondering why
it's not up. And this is not the only
reason, but there's a big difference
between capacity, which is what we're
seeing here, and that actually
translating into cash for the company.
So, obviously, in my opinion, it's just
a matter of time for this extra capacity
to translate into more cash for the
company. But the point I'm making, when
the service is faster and covers even
more areas, will there be new tiers?
Will current tiers cost more? So, for
now, unfortunately, we won't have
answers to those questions until likely
sometime into next year. I'm now using
AI for almost everything, including, of
course, researching my own health. But
unfortunately, it still can't write me
prescriptions, and it cannot examine me,
at least not yet. And truly, the hardest
part of my personal health journey the
past few years was finding the right
doctor, which is part of why I want to
tell you guys about Zachdoc, the sponsor
of this video. Some of you may know a
few years back I was going to doctor
after doctor locally and nobody had any
idea what was going on with my stomach.
And so a long story short I started
doing research on my own to find doctors
outside of my local area that would
actually take me seriously. And what do
you know after finding a doctor online
who actually gave me the right test I
found out I had a parasite and tameiba
hytolytica. And I wish I had more time
to tell that story on the channel, but
ever since then, nearly every
prescription I've needed has been
written by a doctor I found online. For
me, the right doctor was never the
closest one in terms of proximity. I was
always dealing with unreturned
voicemails and then when I would finally
get a hold of somebody, they weren't
available for months. So, Zach is the
tool I wish I had back then because it
solves all of those problems. You can
look for anything from getting your ears
checked to dermatology, primary care,
dentistry, and so on. And it's a free
website and app where you can search and
compare highquality in-et network
doctors. And this is also incredibly
helpful if you travel and you need care
when you're out of town. And they make
it so easy. You can enter your insurance
and it will only show you providers who
take it. You can then filter by
specialty. You can read reviews from
real patients. and then you can see the
doctor's actual open slots and book
instantly. No phone call required. And
of course, you can choose between
in-person or video visits. There are
more than 150,000 providers over 200
specialties in all 50 states. And maybe
most conveniently, most appointments
happen within 24 to 72 hours and
sometimes even the same day. So, if any
of you are putting anything off, just
don't let it drag on like I did. Just
head to zdock.com/electrified
linked below and check that appointment
quickly and easily off your list.
And as Marcus House said, they're not
going to be recovering ship 41. A few
things to look into, but so many
incredible firsts in this mission. And
toward the end of this video, as you'll
see right here, the explosion when it
made contact with the water. So, ship 41
did not land as gracefully as ship 40 on
flight 13, but remember a landing after
an orbital insertion is a different
beast altogether. And here's that video
of the booster landing where you can see
the FTS likely deploying right around
now. But the good news is on flight 13,
only eight of the 13 engines reit for
the landing for the booster. But this
time around, 11 of 13 engines lit
successfully. So, of course, whether
SpaceX decides to nominally or
contingently try to catch the ship and
or the booster on flight 15 is going to
come down to the risk tolerance and all
the data they continue to gather from
this flight over the next few days.
Because obviously having Raptor engine
issues like they did with this flight
over water is one thing, but having it
over the pad and the tower is another.
So, if I had to guess, I would not be
expecting a catch on flight 15. I would
expect another orbital insertion with
the goal to do more than those two full
Earth orbits and to see 100% of the
engines working when called upon. But if
SpaceX is feeling good, then I think the
more likely catch would be for the ship
and not for the booster. And I know a
lot of people still aren't buying it as
of now, but Elon said again, it's
increasingly probable Starlink will
carry a majority of Earth's IP traffic
long term. At that point, Starlink would
de facto become the internet and
everything else would connect to
Starlink. But as we've been saying, all
of this boils down to SpaceX getting to
rapid reusability. And to do that at a
low cost, they need to be catching both
ships. But Elon also said Starship is 2
to 3 years away from hourly flights.
Which brings us to this Starship launch
cadence table. So on the left we have
flights 1 through 13 and the actual date
for Starship and the bars are how many
days after that launch until the next
flight. The teal is V1, the purple is
V2, and the orange is V3. So of course
the big question becomes how many days
until Starship's next flight? After
version 3's first flight back on May
22nd earlier this year, the wait was 63
days for the next one. And then after
flight 13, the weight was 66 days. So I
think this will be great context for
understanding why if Elon is correct
that in roughly 2 to 3 years, Starship
will be launching every hour. That would
be an absurd improvement from going
waiting around 65 days between flights
to waiting about 60 minutes between
flights. And if you do some simple math
using numbers from Mach 33's analysis
and just generally publicly available
information, this flight 14 deploying 26
V3 sats would be around 52 tons of
payload. If we assume about $110 million
per launch, that's roughly $2.1 million
per ton. Compare that to a Falcon 9
costing around $30 million for internal
use. Carrying 15 tons would be about $2
million per ton. And as we know, Flight
14 was a fully expendable Starship. But
despite that, and despite the fact it
was only carrying less than half the
available payload capacity, it's still
already in Falcon 9 cost per ton
territory. And as we know, Falcon 9 is
the most competitive rocket in the
world. And you know how Elon says fate
loves irony? Well, get this. Starship
reached orbit 18 years to the day after
the Falcon 1 rocket. Eric Burgerer said,
"Orbit day should be a perpetual holiday
at the company." I mean, think about
that for a second to the day. Truly
wild, wild wild stuff. So, overall, a
very successful flight for SpaceX and
huge milestones achieved. But, as
mentioned, some of the challenges with
the engines will bring questions about
what exactly SpaceX will be looking to
do on flight 15. And reusability does
seem to be everything. So before SpaceX
decides to increase the payload up
closer to the capacity, maybe they'll
keep things steady and do another test
run with splash down as the plan as they
try to sort through some of the engine
issues. So for me, the moment things
will get really, really exciting is when
SpaceX can catch both ships on the same
flight. And right now, based on all
publicly available information, it seems
like that will not happen until sometime
early 2027. But when they pull that off,
it should serve as a major inflection
point for the pace of launches. But
again, nominally, SpaceX was looking for
this flight to last in the neighborhood
of 9 hours. And today, it ended up
lasting about three. Shifting to Tesla,
they now have 546 total vehicles
registered in Texas for the robo taxi
network and 126 of those are now cyber
cabs, which means 23% of the fleet is
now cyberc. And looking at the chart, so
far in September, Tesla has added 232
vehicles, which is almost a doubling of
the fleet. Now, as I always say, this is
not the number of vehicles that are
operating concurrently at any given
time. Anecdotally, the reports out there
are that the number of active vehicles
on any given day is between 70 and 100,
which is part of why I'm saying I think
Tesla is preparing for something in the
future. And part of that something could
be the X takeover event and that's
scheduled for October 10th. But in my
opinion, the most important context,
Cyber Cabs have only been registered for
29 days. That's when we saw the first
one go live on the Texas DMV. So from my
perspective, having 126 Cyber Cabs
registered in just 29 days is well ahead
of where my expectations were. Now
again, maybe today only half of those
are actually operational, but it's just
a matter of time for the rest. Over the
weekend, Tesla sent out a notification
saying the Cyber Cab fleet has doubled.
More rides are available. And Aron
shared a video of a new robo taxi
feature where if you open the trunk
before your ride, it will auto open it
for you at the end so you don't forget
your items, which is a nice touch. And
importantly, Aron clarified it only
opens once you open your door. But to
cover both sides of the coin, we still
have anecdotes like this from Josh, who
said after two amazing robo taxi rides,
the third was a dud and dropped us off
at the wrong destination. Calling
support from the car was worse than no
support at all. Support kept telling
them they were at their destination when
they weren't. Fast forward a bit, he
said, "Five more frustrating minutes go
by until it becomes clear the robo taxi
support can't even see our chosen
destination. they can't compare where we
are with where we're supposed to be.
Then he asked for a refund and said they
would walk to their destination, but
support said they couldn't do that and
instead said just to give feedback in
the app. And he concluded software
glitches combined with ridiculously
ineffective support is the difference
between a ride that's all inspiring and
one that is maddening. And Josh did
clarify they were actually a few blocks
away from their destination. But
previously the cyber cab was able to
make it to the correct destination. and
the last time they had two 70 lb
suitcases. So whether it's mapping or
software or something else, still pick
up and drop off need some work. And in a
new interview over the weekend, have a
listen to what Elon said about CyberCap
&gt;&gt; and it will soon be operating
commercially in uh Florida and Nevada
and a number of other states and
probably by middle of next year it'll be
operating commercially in in California.
Also, in that interview, I think
something that's going overlooked. Elon
did admit that 4.7 may have been a
letdown relative to expectations, but I
think the way he contextualized it is
critical. He said that it should be
excellent when it comes to realworld
engineering, both now and with future
releases. Contrast that with a company
like Anthropic, who has made their
models excellent for software engineers.
And we know a lot of Tesla and SpaceX
engineers are already using these Grock
models to further along their actual
work. So this one will take years to
play out. But as we approach models like
Grock 5, just do not forget the
realworld engineering benefits you can
get with these models. And if they are
as impressive as the team is making them
out to be given the corpus of training
data from Tesla and SpaceX engineers
then from an enterprise adoption
standpoint Gro could have a very serious
edge. So I do think Grock will get there
from a software perspective as well
which will be more of the use cases for
people like you and I. And I know some
of you out there are building real
physical products as well. But my point
is the average person will want a model
that is excellent with software, not
necessarily hardware. And speaking of
Tesla's hardware, when it comes to
Optimus, there are some new reports out
there that I would place in the rumor
category for now. But they're saying
that the hand for Optimus is so
mechanically intricate, no current
assembly equipment can build it
reliably. And Tesla's workforce has
decided it would rather not help train
the machine designed to replace it. This
is being reported by the information and
they're saying that employees across
Fremont and Austin are refusing to wear
these motion capture suits that record
their physical movements to use as
training data for Optimus because the
workers know that the robots are
designed to eventually replace them. But
part of the reason I'm skeptical of this
reporting is one we talked last week
Tesla has largely moved away from using
these motion capture suits for data
gathering and they've moved largely to
camera only. So maybe there is some
truth to this report, but I'm not sure
it's widespread. And they said the
Optimus Hand is a tendon-driven
architecture that relocates all 25
actuators per arm into the forearm
housing rather than the fingertips.
Three thin control cables run from each
actuator through a wrist router
mechanism and into embedded channels
inside the finger. The system achieves
positional accuracy down to 0.08 08 mm,
fine enough to thread a needle or sort
battery cells without crushing them. But
that precision is exactly what makes the
hand impossible to assemble at speed, at
least for now. Automotive grade
manufacturing equipment is engineered
for centimeter scale tolerances, whereas
V3's hands, cable channels, and joint
assemblies operate at submillimeter
tolerances that the same machines cannot
reliably meet. So, a significant portion
of V3 units coming off the Fremont line
require immediate rework. The touch
sensors embedded in the fingertips have
proven especially unreliable in
production conditions. And Tesla's
engineering response, developing a
replaceable glove type modular sensor
layer, addresses repairability, but does
not solve the underlying assembly
inconsistency. The Optimus V3 hand alone
requires more than 100 screws and micro
components in a configuration that no
mature industrial supplier has yet
delivered consistently at volume. But
they're also reporting Tesla increased
Optimus output roughly 10fold over
recent months from a few dozen units per
week during a smallcale testing phase in
Q2 of this year to several hundred units
per week by August. And the target is
more than a thousand units per week by
the end of this year with a longerterm
ambition of about 20,000 units per week.
But that number is just the 1 million
units per year that we're expecting from
the Fremont line eventually. And
remember what we talked about last week.
Some of these Chinese suppliers for
these parts for the hands bring with
them a regulatory dimension. In July of
this year, the FCC banned the import of
new foreignmade humanoid robots from the
US market. And the ban covers completed
foreignade robots, not the individual
motors, actuators, or precision gears.
So for now, Tesla's Ningbo component
orders remain outside the ban scope, but
the FCC chair has put out hints that
tighter restrictions on components may
be coming in the future. And yes, this
is all completely separate from any
tariff talk. And the word is for now
Tesla's response is to adopt a cautious
near-term commercial posture. Early
Optimus V3 units will be leased to
select warehouse customers rather than
sold outright, giving the company
flexibility to retrieve and upgrade
hardware as its software matures and its
training data accumulates. Full
commercial sales are not expected before
late 2027. So directionally, I don't
think any of that should be too
surprising, but I think it'll serve as a
good reminder to be cautious when it
comes to your expectations for scale for
Optimus production. But don't gloss over
that one line. They reported that
Tesla's now making somewhere in the
neighborhood of hundreds per week, which
if you do the math and assume 200 per
week, that would be a run rate of 10,000
per year. And that's the reported rate
for August this year. And I've said all
along Tesla has made the decision to go
the extra mile to design and manufacture
a hand that is well ahead of what any
other company has really even thought
about doing. that also has plans to
reach scale. So, in doing that, we
should expect them to encounter
challenges because it is the hardest
problem of all. But if Tesla's really at
a run rate right now of about 10,000
units per year, given all of those
challenges with the hand production,
overall, I'd actually say that's an
incredibly bullish report. So, an
important reminder, don't let the
framing of these mainstream media
articles keep you from doing critical
thinking. And frankly, I'd argue it's
not even critical thinking. It's really
just thinking at all and not buying in
to the narrative they're trying to get
out there. Unfortunately, today Tesla
said, "We've been tracking the weather
closely with local meteorologists, but
given the severe conditions predicted,
and because this event can only be held
outdoors, we've made the difficult
decision to reschedule the Roadster
Unveil event. The new date is October
15th. Additional details to follow. And
look, I know many are skeptical, but if
you look it up, there are supposed to be
some pretty severe thunderstorms later
this week in the area. And
unfortunately, as of now, there is no
plan for the EU to vote on Tesla's
supervised FSD at the October 6th TCMB
meeting. The vote has now been delayed
from October with the next apparent
opportunity for a decision not before
December. So, the word is there will be
a continued discussion about FSD that
should last about 25 minutes. But now,
the earliest they plan to hold the vote
is in December. And for whatever it's
worth, it's true. The Swedish
Transportation Authority has recommended
the TCMV vote no unless Tesla removes
the speed offset feature, which is the
feature that allows FSD to go faster
than the set speed limit. And we know
other countries like France are doing
their own testing with their own
concerns. But what did we say from day
one? Do not be surprised if most of
these countries drag their feet. And
unfortunately, here we are. And if at
this point you're thinking to yourself,
wait a second, Dylan, this wasn't really
a monster type weekend in this video. To
that, I would say you are right. But
this is only part one. So tomorrow we
will finish with part two and of course
whatever other news tomorrow brings. But
I wanted to keep this video a bit more
digestible. Just know there's more to
come. Tesla stock closed the day at
$35745,
down 3.94%
and SpaceX closed at $14547
down 2.16% all while the NDX was down
1.08%.
Don't forget, check out Zdoc linked
below. And even if you don't have
anything in mind now, just save it for
the future because I'm telling you,
going the online route, in my
experience, has been so much easier.
Hope you all have a wonderful day and a
huge thank you to all of my Patreon
supporters.