Channel:     futureaza
Title:       The Cybercab Event Has A Much Bigger Purpose
URL:         https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=b2Es-E3vEBQ
Published:   2026-08-27 14:00 UTC
Fetched:     2026-08-27 15:00 UTC

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

to this is it. We've done it. We're
going full on to robo vehicles and just,
you know, hammer home that messaging and
then maybe they'll share more about the
safety so that uh people will feel
comfortable about it and then actually
launch a full service that it's going to
be truly a full service. Now, we're
watching already now just now tens of
cyber caps all over Austin driving
around when basically a person maybe
inside the car but on the just on the
right side of it and they have no
steering wheel, no pedals. So, they're
are full force testing this out right
now as much as they can.
&gt;&gt; Guys, the Cyber Cab event is coming up.
It's coming up real quick and it's very
exciting. But what does this actually
mean for the timeline? How many cars are
we going to see out there? Yes, it's
going to be a cajillion and it's going
to happen in two weeks. Well, I mean,
maybe not, but uh we're going to find
out cuz I got Herbert here from
Brighter. He's going to make us
precisely that as he does so well. I'm
Brian. Welcome to Futurazza in the
noisiest place I could find.
&gt;&gt; Great. I was originally in the lobby and
then I moved to the restaurant and then
I moved outside and I go they follow me.
So, what are you going to do?
&gt;&gt; Yeah, we'll take care. We'll take it.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; On the road. Okay. So, you have heard on
the 3 there's going to be a big event.
You're going to be there. I was going to
live stream it for you and then I
realized I'm on a plane.
&gt;&gt; I believe they frown on that. Actually,
I believe it's just straight up
prohibited. So, if you want to see live
coverage, go to Herbert's channel, watch
Nick Gibbs hosting it. That's going to
be fascinating, I'm told. Maybe I'll be
able to watch it from the plane. I don't
know yet.
&gt;&gt; So,
&gt;&gt; yeah.
&gt;&gt; What do we expect to see at CyberCAB
event?
&gt;&gt; I don't know. This is a it's a doozy or
it's a questionable situation where I'm
asking everybody why are we going to a
cyber cap event. So number one, I get it
right. It's pretty logical in some
sense. This is the vehicle, this is the
product that Tesla's going to make
that's going to change the world. This
is the product that Tesla's going to
make that's going to, you know, in
volume create way more than Model 3 has
ever been able to create. And eventually
it's going it's the transition to
transportation service not just a car. I
get that part. When they launched robo
taxi last June I got fortunate I was
invited did that live stream and it was
just simply give the influencers the app
and then we would download the app and
then we would take the ride. There was
no event. Now this is an event. This I
an event means that there's you know
food and drinks provided. You would go
to the factory. there would be
presumably some sort of presentation
maybe maybe Elon should be there right
um why why do that why and then and then
then you would invite people to take
rides now they've done something like
this before right where a new car would
come out uh I think was it even with FSD
right they invited people to come they
did the event and they let people kind
of in a very controlled manner get into
the cars and then often would go drive
on on their own But this has to be on
public roads. Can't just be in Giga
Texas. And if it's an event, it becomes
nighttime on a Thursday. Now, it's the
weekend before the Labor Day weekend.
So, that kind of maybe makes sense why
they didn't want to do it on a Sunday of
the Labor Day weekend because typically
that's the best time to do these rides.
Less people on the road, a little bit
more control. But um so I I'm thinking
if they did an event, this must be not
just show the cyber cab, not just have
and by the way, it's a very small group
of people. Five people were uh won as
lottery winners. If you took a ride on a
cyber cab during a certain week period,
you get a lottery ticket. And then I
they've not announced yet. Maybe by the
time this show uh is is aired, they
would have announced who the five
winners are. Just regular consumers
driving the taking a robo taxi ride. And
then a very small group of influencers
are there as well. And then they had a
curious clause that said you can't have
a guest who is a uh content creator
either you. So I as a as a invited
person can invite a plus one but that
plus one can't be a content creator. So
this seems like they've chosen very
specifically who which content creators
can create the you know the the streams
and so forth. Um but I think that there
has to be something more. If this was
just an event, 10 cars, and then we all
got to try it, it would it'd be a little
bit of a let down. I think there there's
a reason why they're doing the event.
What do you think?
&gt;&gt; I think it would save a whole lot of
time if they just put no Brian uh on the
on everyone's invitations. Uh because
the there is no accepted definition of a
content creator. I know a lot of the
plus ones are get paychecks from X every
month. So that feels like a content
creator, but um okay, fine.
Is is CNBC a content creator? Maybe. I
don't know. My next question is, are
they rolling out? And if so, how many
how quickly? Because that's been the big
one. And the bulls have been very
bullish and very wrong. uh because they
were quoting Elon and Elon was
exceptionally optimistic.
&gt;&gt; So what do you think we should expect
for a roll?
&gt;&gt; So I expect very slow roll out and
here's why. A couple reasons why. Number
one, several months ago, everybody was
watching this cyber cap being produced
in Giga Texas and we're watching it very
closely and we're all saying, "Oh my
god, this is it. It's ready. It's going
to go and you know get on this you any
day now. It's imminent that it will be
included in the the service." uh I was
already saying no I just don't think it
will take it will be in it will be
several months at least two or three
months for them to capture the FSE data
required and that's why you see so many
a thousand cyber cabs out there driving
all over the United States capturing FSE
data because just like when when we
introduced the Model Y into robo taxi it
needed to have the millions of robo
taxis of Model Y's which we all use
right so they had that data but they
didn't have that for this new form
factor now The here's why it needs to be
very slow is because the cyber cap it is
the epitome of what robo taxi is right
it is the vehicle 90% of all robo taxis
that you hail will be a cyber cab not
model wise when people look at the cyber
cab it's called a cab it needs to be the
the thing about robo taxi in fact uh a
number of my friends confuse the words
robo taxi and cyber cab like they don't
understand the difference they they just
basically think it's the same thing,
right? That's a robo taxi. That's a
cyber cab. I'm going to hail a cyber
cab. This the same thing. So, it needs
to be done very perfectly. If if any
issue occurs with a cyber cab, it
becomes a stain on the brand that is
significant forever. It needs to be
perfectly done. I think that they need
to go slow. I think they should only do
10 cars and people will be very
disappointed and it'll be very slow and
then they'll slowly add more until they
feel comfortable. But um
there's arguments the other way, but I
just I just think that that's what they
need to do.
&gt;&gt; Like Eon says, slowly at first and then
eventually also slowly. I think uh your
your approach is is a better one. Um, I
think that a number of people are still
thinking we're going to see the kind of
numbers that Elon suggested in November
when we got to go to the shareholders
meeting that there would be a lot of
cities by the end of the year with an
awful lot of vehicles and I don't know
even at the time that was a little
optimistic to put it mildly in in terms
of uh the promise that we saw at the end
of 2025. Do you think we could see that
by the end of this year?
What is the promise of N2025 the 50%
&gt;&gt; the 10 cities and there was a certain
number of cars I don't know I didn't
give it much attention at the time
&gt;&gt; yeah so I mean I think the communication
that even when Ashok speaks what he's
communicating is right slowly slowly and
then all at once and if you look at the
5,000 cars approved in Nevada the whole
state of Nevada and then they said there
this was just a few days ago they said
that we'd be very happy if we had 2500
00 cars there by the middle of next
year. So if you think Nevada is 2500,
&gt;&gt; oh just that uh I don't think Nevada's
2500. I think that's you know the 5,000
is just an upper bound so they don't
have to come back and revisit the issue
ever. I think 2500 would be too much for
basically Vegas and and uh Reno. Those
are I mean
&gt;&gt; well no well the the Tesla T Tesla
executives themselves at the meeting
verbally said that we'd be very happy if
we had 2500 cars on the roads by next
year. Yes, I and I and I agree. They
would be very happy if they had 2500.
Okay. So, well, my point being, okay,
let's assume it's 2500 for all of the
state of Nevada. Just keep that in mind
that that's a case, right? How many
states? Now, we have seen them being
tested everywhere. We have seen them
putting in infrastructure everywhere.
We're we're watching them go all at
once. I'm not going to, you know, my
number was 10 or 15,000 uh by the end of
this year. I said that about two months
ago based on everything we had seen. But
now the numbers most people are thinking
it's going to be a thousand cars by the
end of this year. If you do a 10% per
week after the earnings call when they
said that it's like that's why everybody
was so spooked after the earnings calls,
much less than people expected. Now by
next year though I do expect them to
start to really truly roll this out.
There won't be at that at this point the
only thing that's rate limiting them
next year if there was no regulatory
issues. It's going to be just
infrastructure uh getting infrastructure
but look what Ashok said right we are
aiming towards basically launching right
away with unsupervised number one and
then two that they will just um like
they won't even need to map the city
anymore. They'll just like near zero
just automatically. So what does that
mean? It means that they truly will
blanket as fast as they can. But I'm I'm
going to be much more conservative at
this point given everything's been so
slow.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Because uh fool me twice, can't
get fooled again. Uh so on the on the
states that that have been approved,
we're talking Nevada, Texas, Florida,
and some others that are in the works
and kind of tacitly approved. Just those
three states is 50 million people. And I
had someone say to me that um so what?
That's not enough. Who cares how many
people it is? And I said everyone. I
mean, it's everyone that cares, right?
It's it's a a number of people larger
than the population of 166 countries. I
feel like that kind of counts. So, yeah,
being the approvals we have today are
not the limiting factor. Uh the limiting
factor, of course, is Jordan Gase, but
that's a different topic. He's a great
guy. No. So, my my next question is,
will a 2025 Model 3 be added to the
fleet ever? Because it doesn't have a
bumper camera and it doesn't have
cleaners or stars.
&gt;&gt; No, I don't think so. And so, so the Why
don't you start with the question is
like when will customer cars be added to
the fleet? Yeah, I've been very uh
conservative on that one where most
people said no, no, they're going to do
that. They number one, they've said it.
They've said it. Both Ashok and Elon
have said that we're going to add
customer cars. Number two, they need to
do it. If you provide a full service,
full service robo taxi, ride hill
service in a city, the the the biggest
concern is always the um is the the uh
surge hours, right? So, you've got this
level amount of cars you can have to
service the regular day, but during rush
hours, during a a big event, sporting
event, there's a surge, right? You need
to bring cars in. Uber does it by
increasing prices. So extra drivers,
drivers who don't normally drive will
then say, "Yeah, they'll be enticed to
drive during those hours. Uh Whimo is
stuck. They can't do this because they
have that's why they can't if they add
more Whimos in a city, they actually
lose so much money for them to be only
available for those surge hours and not
available for the rest at a time that
they lose money. Tesla's plan is to let
customers be the surge vehicles, but it
it's for me it's like the you heard
Ashwok say that what that requires is
that every vehicle needs to be certified
prior to being offered. So you either
have the car go into a service center
before being put into the service, check
the tires and so forth, or the car
itself is able to check it themselves,
but they need to have a system to feel
comfortable that my Model Y my my car is
safe and clean. So, I think the plan
would be that only in those cities where
they have a service center with
automated cleaning, then if I want my
car in, it needs to first go to the
service center to get cleaned and then
it needs to be checked and then it's
going to go and then it's going to be
put in. Now, how much time will that
take to put that in there? So, I just
think that this idea that uh that that
customer cars will be added is a nice
idea. It is going to happen. I just
don't think it's going to happen sooner.
I think it'll be end of next year at the
earliest if not following year.
&gt;&gt; That's a pretty long time out. Um yeah,
it'll be interesting to see. I am uh
convinced that hardware 3 will not be in
the fleet. But frankly, I'm convinced
that pre2026
really pre2025.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, for sure hardware 3 will not be in
the fleet. Yeah, just doesn't happen.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. But even if it I mean I don't know
if you could do an upgrade of sufficient
thoroughess to get you there. So uh I'm
not counting anything for participation
from vehicles older than 26 just to be
safe because I feel like they do need
the bumper cam. They do need the
washers. They do need there are regions
where you don't need the washers and the
app could just say sorry we're not
deploying your car today based on
weather. It's not ideal, but it's a good
stuff.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; On Cyber Cab, on deployment, on the
event, is there anything I'm missing?
&gt;&gt; CyberCAB deployment, the event. Um,
let's start with the event. So, at the
event, I think, like I said, I'm
expecting something hopefully something.
It's it's odd why they're doing it, but
you know, it is it is an important um
transition to this is it. We've done it.
we're going full on to robo vehicles and
just you know hammer home that messaging
and then maybe they'll share more about
the safety so that uh people will feel
comfortable about it and then actually
launch a full service that it's going to
be truly a full service. Now we're
watching already now just now you know
tens of cyber caps all over Austin
driving around with basically a person
maybe inside the car but on the just on
the right side of it and they have no
steering wheel no pedals. So there are
full force testing this out right now as
much as they can. So it is that part is
absolutely imminent that's coming once
you do launch it. You know at first I
said I want 10. I think it'll be 10, but
at very when they truly launch a full
service, it has to be 90% of all cars
are going to be serviced. So, I will say
that after about 10 for the first month
or two or something that then they go
full service, you will see hundreds,
maybe even, you know, like hundreds of
them. You got you got to get to, you
know, Whimo's level of 4,000 cars over
10 cities. So you need to have at least
300 to even feel like you have some sort
of service. So you should see 20
whatever the 90% of 300 is, right? 90* 3
270 and then the rest uh 7. Yeah. Wow.
Okay. So guys, what did we miss? What do
we misunderstand? Leave it in them
comments below. I'm going to uh sign off
from this the noisiest place. Absolutely
fine with Wi-Fi. It's still just okay.
Uh so thank you for your patience with
that. I don't have a studio with me. Uh,
but I do my best. And Brian, oh, just
take Starlink. It's not approved here.
Wouldn't it help me anyway? Yeah.
&gt;&gt; So, thank you guys and everybody else.
Uh, like, subscribe, do what you do, and
stay tuned. Stay juicy. And I cannot
wait to hear from you clever robots when
I get back from Nepal.