Channel:     futureaza
Title:       Crashes, Big Chargers, Semi Getting Exciting & SO much more - Tesla Beat Podcast
URL:         https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kNq4NDz8tRw
Published:   2026-07-17 05:23 UTC
Fetched:     2026-07-18 07:00 UTC

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

What's up everyone? This is John from
Tesla Owners Silicon Valley. We got Joe
the Pres, Matthew DR, a Cybert truck
whiz, um, and future Oza. Um, how's it
going, everyone? [snorts]
&gt;&gt; Doing good, man. Doing good. What a an
exciting week apart from perhaps an
absent launch. [laughter]
&gt;&gt; Yeah, that was a brutal one. I was like,
you see all the things like, you know,
the water coming out, everything going
and then boop, done. I was like, oh,
[laughter]
scrub for the day. Two engine, two
Raptors didn't go off. So, and who knows
when it's going to go again, right?
You're probably talking, you know, early
next week, maybe later,
&gt;&gt; right? And I was and I was a guest on a
really popular uh podcast uh you know
some some upandcomer I'm really trying
to embrace and you know hopefully
hopefully uh help them reach that next
plateau and man it got a scrub and it
was just brutal brutal to watch the
numbers decline on that channel.
So, for those who don't know, uh Joe
joined me for my live stream of Starship
launch 13 and uh we were having a great
time and you could watch the viewers
just exit as the uh launch uh scrubbed.
So unfortunate, but it happens.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. And that's going to be the nature
of the beast, right? Yeah. Especially
with something like this.
&gt;&gt; NASA had almost as many scrubs as they
did shuttle launches. Scrubs are a thing
that happens. All systems must be go or
we don't go.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, it and that's how they scale for
safety, right? That at the end of the
day.
&gt;&gt; Um MDR, how's it going, man?
&gt;&gt; Yeah, life is life is great. Excited to
get get chatting today here in Seattle.
It's it's the beautiful time of the year
from now until, you know, early October.
It's perfect day every day in Seattle.
So, I love it.
&gt;&gt; Enjoy it, man. Enjoy it.
&gt;&gt; All right. So, with that said, um, real
quick quick shout out to Insta 360. Uh,
great. Um, they have some amazing
products. Specifically, our team here
uses the Link 2C for this podcast. So,
really just makes everything super
clear. Um, great portable camera to just
bring where wherever you go. So, check
the description and the link if you're
on YouTube. And, uh, let's let's get
into the news this week. All right,
let's go.
All right. So, everything, this is not
just a uh SpaceX and Tesla week, uh or
like the stock just being bad.
Everything is just been nuked the past
couple of days. Um I off the top of my
head, I don't know why, I don't know if
you guys have been keeping on the
market, but you know, I think with the
war and everything else going on in the
world, um just the optimism, the lack of
uh what is it? Um you know, the Fed
rates still being high. Um, but with
that said, SpaceX is actually below the
IPO price now. So, um, could be a time
to get in or maybe wait for the dip to
keep dipping. Um, and, uh, but either
way, it looks looks like it's cheap
compared to where, you know, the the
all-time highs are hitting what is it
like 225.
Crazy. But, um, with that said, um,
let's get into the weekly news. All
right, Joe, how about I'll let you take
this one, man.
Yeah, as as we know, uh well,
they were going to launch the V3
satellites, but that didn't happen. But
they are they are doing SpaceX is just
making moves, man. Brian, you got more
on this? The data centers?
&gt;&gt; Not really. I mean, the the big thing is
that a lot of uh skeptics are saying
it'll never work. It doesn't make any
sense. It would work if they choose to
do it. It's nothing but a oversized
uh Starlink satellite. It uses the same
cooling. It uses the same solar panels.
It uses the same It just has more
compute in it. Will it ever make sense
financially? I don't know. And it's not
up to me to know. They have a whole army
of accountants who can determine at what
price it makes sense. But in the
meantime, they're designing them and
they can always deploy them on the
ground. So the same technology that
makes modular compute in space work
makes modular compute on the ground
work. So even if the whole thing never
never takes off, never goes to space,
all of the research done to get it to
space will pay off on the ground.
&gt;&gt; Exactly. Yeah. I think it's um you know,
when you think of where [clears throat]
things are headed, this is where you can
scale. I mean, you're seeing it right
now. I don't know about uh you guys up
in uh the Pacific Northwest, but I feel
like every day I turn on the news um on
the news um you know outside of like
when I'm not on X like you know just
catching up on some of the local stuff.
It's like oh there's protesters at this
AI data center or like I think the most
recent one is they're they're trying to
say that Google stood up a data center
without letting people know in San Jose.
So because it's a big square box. Um but
you know I think with more and more
people not wanting these in their cities
even you know even if you're in more
remote areas
um it's going to be so much easier to
scale. Um not only from a cost perspect
perspective but you don't have people
aliens up in space complaining about it.
So it's just going to be an e it's going
to be an easier customer to serve up
there than it is down here. Um, and
clearly, um, you can see with Starlink
getting data from space down to here is
not an issue. So, um, I think it's
really exciting to see kind of like, you
know, where where things will be going.
All right. Um, so this was another one.
Um, I mean I I'm s I'm I'm actually
surprised it took um I'm not surprised
that it took this long because Tesla
moves faster, but I thought it would
have taken longer um just because I know
that they had been prepping for this. So
um I think it was just maybe one of
those things where um they were scoping
it for a while and then took it down.
But either way, to take down the whole
um SNX line that produced what 750,000
vehicles historically uh is just wild
and truly the end of an era. And we
already saw what is it Elon taking a
photo with uh the the the Optimus team
and the Fremont factory people um you
know as they're getting ready to to
build um literally the next generation
of robotics
uh which is just crazy.
&gt;&gt; Getting it taken down in 46 days is
pretty easy. The impressive part is that
they got it all prepped for the next
steps. They filled in the the holes.
They did all that part. It's the
rebuilding that they've already done
that impresses me more. Go ahead, Joe.
&gt;&gt; That's I was g That's what I was gonna
say because I once you look at that
footage and you see how deep some of
those holes were and and you saw them
pouring the cement like it was like,
"Holy cow, they did all of that."
Not only is it done, but it's like ready
and Yeah. staggering.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Um Yeah. It it's it's impressive.
Like I said, I think they they scoped it
out for a while. Um, go watch this
video. They posted on X. I believe they
pro by now they probably post it on
YouTube as well. Um, but yeah, it's just
the preparation. And again, this is kind
of the guinea pig um production line,
right? Because we know that Texas will
be what is it a 10x 100x scale. And so,
um, even if you think of the Model Y,
uh, and three factory line or production
line, really, the Model Y production
line, it was kind of the guinea pig case
for Texas, Shanghai, and Berlin. And,
you know, I've toured uh, Texas. I've
toured Berlin, and it is uh, the Fremont
team is amazing, but it's just it's an
older facility. I mean, they're
literally using the model uh 3 tent that
became the Y assembly line um which is
outdoors literally um you know with a
really really nice tent now. But it's uh
there's that history there that really
makes it awesome. But it's it's just uh
an end of an era. Um, and really again,
um, this is going to set up for what
will go to Texas and then I assume the
next couple places depending on
regulations and what they want to
accomplish. It's going to go to Berlin
and and Shanghai.
&gt;&gt; I think I've done like four factory
tours, maybe five at at Fremont, and now
I'm excited to go back because now
there's something new to see.
&gt;&gt; When I got to see it in December, there
was a tarped off area at the beginning.
uh of the SNX line and floor to ceiling,
black plastic, security fencing around
it. And I said, "What's that?" Oh, you
know, could be anything. Like, no, it
couldn't. No, it [laughter] couldn't.
So, that was pretty exciting to see.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Yeah. It's they they've definitely
been uh scoping it out ever since they
kind of made those announcements and as
the the writing was on the wall. Um and
they made that announcement. I think I
forgot when exactly they made the
announcement in Fremont uh that they
would do it, but um we know that the SNX
has kind of been um potentially on the
chopping block. All right, so boring
part two. I I I won't spend too much
time uh on this. Uh but this is the
first ever Joe Tagmire correct me. So,
he had, I guess, one of the first tours,
but mine's the first ever recorded tour,
uh, where I was able to showcase. And
so, but either way, um, if you want to
geek out on all things, um, Boring
Company, tunneling, um, and really the
next generation of like highways under
the ground. Um, it really is first
principles here at Boring Company. I
mean, again, it's it's really cool to
see. We go through every stage of the
full production line. uh we'll be
releasing um you know uh their um their
cassette uh belt which essentially is
the thing that that funnels all of the
dirt out along with the uh what's the
other thing where the the control room
as well. So there will be a couple of
really cool things behind the scenes.
They literally control all of the drills
from Bassdrop similar to how um I think
SpaceX manages all of the the rocket
launches from Hawthorne. Um, so it's one
of those things where um, yeah, it's
it's cool. Like I said, this is one of
the probably most slept on companies,
but truly a very Elon Musk company. You
know, first principles really being able
to um, just tackle these problems and
delete parts and really innovate at a
fast flip. So, if you want to be bored,
go check out the boring part two this
weekend. But and apparently the
floodgates are open because once you did
that like everybody came after you was
like they started letting everybody
record after that.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. I believe um we've had I think
they've had um Farzad now and I think
during Tesla. So yeah,
&gt;&gt; hopefully hopefully more tours will be
opening, but um
&gt;&gt; uh
&gt;&gt; yeah, I think that's one of the
companies that could afford like more
tours like like when we like touring
Giga Nevada is pretty cool. It'll be
even cooler now that they got the semi
line like getting ready. But but all the
factories is just cool to to see like
how how they're doing things. Especially
that company specifically, like what
they're doing is so groundbreaking and
and everything is just like, man, once
they start opening tours for for that
publicly is going to be awesome. And
SpaceX, that'd be that's going to be so
freaking sweet.
&gt;&gt; Definitely.
All right. Um, so the story begins. Uh,
robo taxi service starts testing in New
Orleans. We're seeing the cyber cab out
in New York.
Um, and this was also another thing.
Another 58 uh Model Y vins were added to
the uh robo taxi fleet. Um, but yeah, I
mean I think for me I mean they're
prepping all the work. Um, I just have
not seen the expansion. Obviously, I
don't I don't know if they're just going
to flip a switch and it's going to be
all on at one point or uh if they're
looking to add because I think depending
on where you are, it's still not easy to
get a ride. you're not guaranteed to
ride every single time you turn it on.
So, um, here I know in the Bay Area like
it's still not a great experience. So,
it's kind of hard to be like it, you
know, every single time I check it, high
service, high high demand. So, I still
have to use um, you know, Uber um, just
because I can't wait to see if it'll
open up.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. What's strange about that is I
imagine they they still probably have a
1:1 ratio of remote supervisors, you
know, watching these cars. And if that's
the case, I I don't really understand
why they can't scale that up. Like, why
why not have a thousand or 2,000 remote
people watching these cars just to get
get the cars out there. You know,
production of the cyber cabs is still
continuing. So, as long as until
production stops, I'm going to still be
pretty bullish about the roll out. Um,
and I understand, you know, long-term
Tesla doesn't want to scale remote
supervisors, but I don't really not
really sure why why would they just
get a couple thousand people now because
you're going to need a lot of remote
supervisors. Even if you get to like one
supervisor per five cars or 10 cars or
20 cars, you're still going to need
thousands of those those people in that
role overall.
That's a great point. Can Can we get Can
we get MDR on the board?
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Yeah. Do Do we know offh hand? Is
there a I know there's some stuff that
happened with Whimo that may point to
this, but do we know what the ratio is
right now? Do they need like one one or
does it
has that?
&gt;&gt; There's been a regulation about it. Has
there Matthew?
&gt;&gt; No. Well, I I remember in that that
testimony they gave, they said they had
the remote operators, I believe, in the
Philippines, but I don't I don't
remember what the ratio what the ratio
was. But the fact that they're doing it
in the Philippines means they're doing
it to save money, right? The the cost of
labor there, they might be spending $5
an hour instead of $30 an hour here.
And so, you'd probably do that if the
ratio was like one one. the ratio is 10
to one, you know, why not do it here?
The the extra cost per hour isn't that
big of a deal.
&gt;&gt; Yeah,
I 100% agree.
All right. Well, um, Brian, I'll pass
this one to you, man. You know all about
this one.
&gt;&gt; Whatever makes you say that. So,
yesterday we were looking at flight 13.
It was meant to launch. The objectives
were were get to do do the same orbital
track, which is to say not quite
orbital, just barely suborbital. They
were set to deploy a bunch of V3
Starling satellites for testing, but
they were deploying them into a
suborbital uh trajectory, which means
they were going to splash down in a day
or two anyway. They're just for testing.
There were a lot of uh objectives uh
especially since this is only the second
live flight of the new Raptor 3 engines.
Didn't get an opportunity to do it. As
you mentioned, John, they're swapping
out two of the engines on the booster.
Go again next week hopefully.
[clears throat] But this is just one of
many milestones that we're looking
forward to in Starship's development.
And it's just exciting because
[clears throat] unlike the Apollo
launches, the Saturn 5 was built one
way. It it stayed the same every time
with the exception of the of the uh
Skyab uh mission. So every launch was
the same. It set the record. It held the
record. Every Starship launch is
different. Every Starship launch breaks
new records for total size, for total uh
thrust. Um, it's not every launch
necessarily, but just about every launch
is never been done before. And so, it's
just exciting to watch. So, tune back in
next week. Hopefully, we'll see it. Uh,
go for it again.
&gt;&gt; Joe, tell us about EV owners going back
to ice, man. What's a big deal?
&gt;&gt; Yeah, man. There's so many there's so
many people that just want to go back to
ice
0.5%.
Yeah, that's um I mean of course we know
this because we have the vehicles, but I
mean like yeah, you're not going back.
you're even even if you didn't like the
CEO, if your whole life is about doing
things that CEOs do, then then yeah,
that still you're keeping your vehicle.
You're just going to put a bumper
sticker on it that says you don't agree
with his methods.
But yeah, no, people people love their
vehicles and they're not going back. And
and I think that that's one of the
things that like I always say that
adoption requires education. And I think
a lot of people they don't know what
they don't know. And because they don't
know what they're missing out on, they
have all this preconceived notions. You
know what I mean? Just anti-EV
rhetoric that's out there that's been
out there for for however long and and
they're just not willing to to take the
leap. But once they do, they realize
like I should have done this a long time
ago. Like there was a guy that had a
video up on X. I don't know if I don't
know if I think it was from Tik Tok, but
but it was posted on X and he was like,
"Dude, I've been why have I not been
doing this? My my buddy took me for a
ride in his car and and I mean we see
these testimonies all the time." There
was also another lady, same thing. She
was like, "Yeah, I'm never going back
and I just got this and I don't even
have to drive it." and just it's like,
"Yeah, you should have made the choice a
long time ago
&gt;&gt; and use Joe's referral code." Uh, it's
amazing. Half a percent is shockingly
low. But I've known people, we've all
probably known people who live in
apartments or otherwise have very poor
access to charging who you say, "Boy, is
that inconvenient?" Yeah, it's really
inconvenient. You going back to gas? No.
&gt;&gt; [laughter]
&gt;&gt; because the inconvenience is not that
big compared to all the other pains in
the butt that you have to deal with. I
drove past a Jiffy Lube yesterday. They
had a sign up front that said $30 off
oil change because uh modern cars don't
need to have their oil changed every
3,000 miles, every 5,000. Some of them
now say 7 to 10,000 miles. So, they're
lo they've lost half to uh twothirds of
their oil change business and 100% of
their business to people who don't need
gas uh at all, who don't have a motor to
lubricate. I've gone to Jiffy Lube last
year. They do rock chip repair now.
That's convenient. They did a terrible
job though. They don't do enough of it.
Uh so yeah, the fact that it's only half
a percent is shocking because there are
people who live in places where maybe
the infrastructure isn't as good or they
can't charge at home or they can't
charge at work and they have to deal
with that minor inconvenience. But even
that is still better than dealing with
gas.
&gt;&gt; And I would assume uh MDR, did you want
to go?
&gt;&gt; Oh, no. just anecdotally, you know, I've
had friends who've had say Teslas and
may have bought a a Rivian or um even a
Polestar a couple years ago or a Lucid,
but I can I only know one person who
drove a Tesla and went back to a gas car
and that's actually one of my buddies
who who works at Tesla and every every
second car he goes from Model 3 to like
a Toyota 4Erunner or the TRD off-road
that he he loves or sometimes a Tacoma
with the off-road package and just goes
back back and forth between those two
models he has since like 2018. It's kind
of funny.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. I mean, my thought is really one
of those things where um when you get a
Tesla, it's not like an, you know, Tesla
electric vehicle, but I can I would say
I would say that these, you know, Tesla
really is just it's just the bar, right?
Especially you're seeing it happen um
you know, with a a lot of these legacy
auto companies going back. But it really
is one of those things where um when you
get in it and you experience it, it just
makes sense. Whether it's the speed from
0 to 60, whether the fact that over the
year software updates it, this is your
car the day you buy it is the worst that
it'll ever actually be. It gets smarter
every single day. The car will take you
from point A to point B. It will drive
you, park for you, uh get to know, you
know, your garage to park inside of it
back in instead if that's your
preference. like um and you know your
kids will love it. It's a full
entertainment system at these
supercharging stops you know so for the
2% of your you know ownership where
you're actually going to superchargers
and you're um doing these long road
trips you know the journey becomes a
little bit longer but it becomes more
about enjoying the ride versus like you
know punching it and going 95 miles an
hour and um and getting there super
fast. But so you know and again I think
Brian called out some of the hurdles
like if you are an apartment and you
know so there's there's a couple of
those but outside of that like once you
experience it um you know you even when
you get into a Tesla and you go into
another vehicle you will be compromising
on you know a couple of things um
whether it's the full self-driving the
software experience
um and so again there's going to be
compromises but again once you once you
get into a Tesla, it's it's really hard
to go back to something else. Um, and I
think it's it's a boomerang effect,
right? You might leave, but you'll
you'll be knocking. Um, especially as
their portfolio continues to grow.
Again, the three and the Y, I just
checked out the YL the other day. They
are great options and they um, like I
said, the used market, I had a buddy
pick up one um, a hardware 4 Model Y. he
wanted to make sure it's technically the
old design. Um, but he wanted the
hardware for and um and he's like,
"Dude, this car just it just makes
sense. Like my truck, it never got
better. Like it was the same car the day
I bought it uh you know when when I got
it um shipped to me." And so um and he
was filling up his gas tank almost twice
a week um because he he lives in one of
the kind of the commuter cities. Um, and
now he's like, I haven't looked at gas
prices in, you know, six weeks since
I've had this thing. So, like I said,
experience it. You know, it it sells
itself now. Um, I think, uh, the biggest
thing again is similar to the Cybert
truck, which is a next level experience.
It's really butts and seats. Um, and
like I said, it's the the results 0.5%
um, really explain a lot. This is this
is not a a shade throw, but I'll shout
out to uh Brandon Tesla. He's one of the
the biggest like u he's probably one of
the best uh short form content creators
out there for for Tesla content. He
created a video. He leased this um
Nissan Leaf. He got it for 500 down. It
was 1167 per month. 2-year lease.
He returned it after two years. Do you
want to know how many miles he put on
it? And again, he has like three or four
Teslas. He returned it. It had 128
miles. [laughter]
So, I mean, I'm just like, it's one of
those things where, you know, you really
are it's it's it's a it's a night and
day experience when you experience
another EV from a Tesla. I think there's
great use cases for some of the other
electric vehicles out there. So, I'm a
fan of them all at the end of the day.
But um there is a big difference though
when you go from driving a Tesla into
something else. Um but yeah, the results
for EV owner switching back to ICE speak
for themselves.
All right. Um we have FSD 1435
uh just released. I think the newest
feature um the open camera preview at
any time even if your Tesla is in park.
Um so you know I've experienced it. It's
been it's been pretty good. Again it's
kind of hard to see you know the the
latest things. I think it's still at
least with this one and I think I've
seen some other people uh still having
some issues with parking. It's still
parking in handicap spots. So um it's
one of those things where I think
they'll they'll work through that. But
again, this is just the new norm.
Not driving, that's for sure.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Oh, we're in we're in San Diego
real quick. We're in San Diego. We drove
here. Well, FSD drove us here and I had
one instance and I wasn't going to break
the street because we're close to 500
miles. I had one instance where it just
kept going in infinite loop and I had to
freaking drop a pin because it could not
find the charger in this in this carport
and it just kept going around. It's like
take the left. It's right there and it
just it just kept going to the right and
I was like dang it 143.5.
But yeah, that's it's it's the little
things but I mean champagne problems,
right? We it's still I don't have to
touch the steering wheel.
Still didn't drive.
Exactly.
&gt;&gt; All right, Joe, you want to take this
one?
&gt;&gt; AI5 tape out. It's going down. This is a
Brian topic.
&gt;&gt; So, the way the tape outs work, well, I
thought I heard Elon say that the tape
out was done in April. It was. That's
Tesla's side of the tape out. Then they
send it over to the fab. the fab says,
"Okay, this is how we're actually going
to do it because there's a little couple
things here and there we missed that
you'll need this for it to work right."
Uh the tape out is a is a big big deal.
And now uh the next steps can begin,
which is, you know, uh trial production
on the on the equipment to make sure it
actually works. And that's what they're
doing next. Uh Samsung has increased
their doubled their uh promised chip
production and TSMC also just announced
an additional 100 billion for fabs in
the US. So this means that uh you know
for AI5 Tesla's uniquely using both TSMC
and Samsung so that uh they can get more
units but also they're in competition
with each other. yours needs to be just
as good and just as cheap, if not
better. And we're going to be building
our own. So the multi-pronged attack is
get all your competitors competing and
then compete with them as well. So even
if for some reason Terraab didn't work
out, you've already motivated your
competitors to do your job for you
cheaper than you could. Otherwise, you
know, you just do it yourself. Uh so for
a fraction of what TSMC and Samsung are
paying to build out theirs, Tesla's
hoping to build out their own. Uh this
is just uh this is a big step because it
means they're moving forward.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, MDR, go for it.
&gt;&gt; Oh god.
&gt;&gt; Um yeah, no, I think um it's exactly as
you said, right? It's like what better
way to get your uh customers to do to
perform better than to make them compete
against each other. [laughter] Like,
hey, we want we want chips. Uh we
literally have your friend next door.
So, uh let's see which one does it the
best and at the rate that that we want.
Um, but yeah, I think it's and and I
think at one point because I think it's
Joe, if you remember too, um, when we
did the Nevada tour, doesn't Panasonic
have a small like facility in Nevada,
the Giga Nevada?
&gt;&gt; Oh, yeah.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. There's like a section for the
batteries where they're um actually like
neck and neck. And so it's going to be
the same thing with what what with what
makes Tesla unique is their desks are
going to be right next to the same
people building those chips, right? Um I
think there was even that rumor that
Elon has a desk over at what the Samsung
facility or something like that. Um
&gt;&gt; but needs a place to sleep.
[laughter]
I don't want people to wait around to
buy an AI5 chip vehicle though. Like
people people
just buy your vehicle, man.
&gt;&gt; If you're going to be waiting for the
latest and greatest, you're is always
going to be the next thing.
&gt;&gt; So,
&gt;&gt; I do think that the AI5 chip is only for
the bot. Um I think it's AI6 is going to
be the one.
&gt;&gt; That's what he said. [laughter]
I know people who've been waiting since
2023 when AI4 came out, saying, "I'm not
going to get it until five because it's
right around the corner." Guys, it takes
years for the new one. And either it
works or it doesn't. Uh I knew people in
the 90s who said, "I'm not going to buy
a computer because the one I almost
bought six months ago was already I can
get something that's so much better."
True, but are you going to wait forever?
If you don't need a car, don't buy a
car. If you need a car, buy the best car
you can. I can tell you which one it is.
&gt;&gt; Seriously.
Yeah. Don't Don't wait.
Don't wait. Especially to uh I will say
right, they're running unsupervised on
hardware 4. Um it is a 143 variant that
they're running um you know the software
on. So you know we are where we need to
be to have unsupervised. So, it's just a
matter of um it hitting regulators and
being able to be released via uh over
the air.
All right. Uh Joe Na Gavin Newsum, go
for it.
&gt;&gt; No, this is this is this is Matthew.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, I'll jump in here. We got a new EV
rebate. This one coming into California.
So, if you're California resident who
has never purchased an EV before,
there's a new firsttime EV buyer credit.
There's no income cap limit, so anyone
anyone who hasn't bought an EV can buy
one. Uh, and the rebate is a $3,500
point of sale rebate on new vehicles, as
well as there's an option for half them
out, 1750 uh, rebate on used vehicles
um, from participating dealerships. So,
it's a it's cool program. Half the
funding is coming from California. The
other half is actually coming from the
the EV the participating EV automakers.
We don't know for sure if Tesla's
participating in that or not. I think
we'll we'll find out pretty soon and
it's not quite available yet. Um there
is a big caveat. So there's a cap on the
price of the EV that qualifies and that
cap is $50,000. So if you get, you know,
Model 3 or standard Model Y, uh you
know, you can usually pretty comfortably
stay under that $50,000 mark. However,
there are there's a provision in the
bill where if you are an EVO only
manufacturer and you're headquartered in
California, that price limit is is
removed. There's zero price limit. So,
that provision only applies to two
automakers, um, Riven and Lucid. So,
Rivian and Lucid will get the full
$3,500 rebate. So, it's a little
unfortunate Tesla's not participating in
this. Obviously, this is legislation
that's specifically been written to
exclude uh Tesla, similar to, you know,
the during the Biden administration when
they were first trying to bring back the
$7,500 federal tax credit, there was a
provision about your the vehicle must be
made in a in a union facility, which
obviously was designed to to exclude
Tesla. So, this rebate is either
designed to exclude Tesla or Tesla
didn't make any effort to participate um
in getting it passed. It's pretty
unfortunate because Lucid and Rivian
don't build any vehicles in California.
You know, they're they're vehicles they
built in I think like um Arizona and uh
Illinois or Oklahoma or somewhere. Um
whereas Tesla builds, you know, half a
million plus cars a year out of the
Fremont factory and employs 20,000
people. So, it's it's pretty sad that
Tesla's not participating. Um, you know,
it's only three years ago when when
Gavin Newsome was with Elon, uh,
announcing Tesla's acquisition of the
old Huelet Packard headquarters in
PaloAlto and they made it the global
Tesla headquarters. So, even well after
Elon started supporting Trump and was,
you know, battling against the
Democratic party, New was still, you
know, friendly enough with with Elon to
uh to to join a join a press conference
with him. So, I would have liked to see
Tesla participate. I imagine if Tesla
had made some type of push, they they
could have got they could have been
included, but the the door might have
never even open to a conversation. So,
uh,
&gt;&gt; well, so the the article I saw yesterday
said Tesla did opt into this. Um,
&gt;&gt; oh, great.
&gt;&gt; Which is which is great news. That's
what we wanted to hear. U, but I see a
lot of people getting so bent out of
shape over this. If Tesla had been
granted the same exemption that Rivian
and Lucid got, 99% of all the rebates
would have gone to Tesla. Uh instead,
it's going to be like 97%.
Because there aren't many companies that
make cars under 50,000. By including
Lucid and Rivian with no cap, they're
going to be selling what an extra three,
four cars. They do not move many units.
Lucid, especially if Lucid gets eight
cars on this program, I'll be surprised.
If Rivian gets more than a hundred or
two, I'll be surprised. Um, for a
firsttime EV, those are real expensive
cars. Uh, and Tesla made a real big show
of leaving California. California has
8.8% corporate income tax. Texas has
zero. I think if Elon had it all to do
over again and could pick between that
8% eight almost 9% state corporate
income tax versus 0% or get the uh or
get this tiny rebate that's going to be
quickly depleted. I think he'd have made
the same choice. Um that doesn't excuse
Gavin's pettiness, but it at least
contextualizes it. Tesla's going to be
the runaway winner of this either way
with the second runner-up winner being
all of the buyers tied for second. Uh,
and yeah, it's it'd be nice if the cap
wasn't 50, but maybe 55 because that
would qualify a lot more vehicles. Uh,
the long range definitely, but it's
still going to cover a lot of cars and
it's still going to be depleted well
before the term ends. So, I'm I'm not
worried about it. You know, Elon has
famously said, "We don't need
subsidies." And that's true. It's just
kind of a a jerk move to put it politely
to go so far out of your way to just
twist the knife with one person. Uh, I
like my neighbors driving electric cars
because it means my children are
breathing better air, but I'd also like
them to drive the safest electric car,
the best electric car, uh, the electric
car that's going to make me safer as
their neighbor. Uh, because I'm sharing
the road with people who can't have FSD
because they're driving a slightly
modified gas car that just has
batteries. Uh, so I don't know. I think
people are too upset about it. [snorts]
&gt;&gt; I think I think you raised some good
points. U I mean, the bias was pretty
blatant. Even when uh when Matthew laid
it out, it was it's like, come on, man.
Like, [laughter]
if you're going to if you're going to
remove the cabin, I mean, you don't have
to be so blatant in your bias. Just if
you're going to make it make it open for
everybody, just just keep it what it is.
You know what I mean? But as you said,
we we know it would have been floodgates
for Tesla like it usually is. And people
are left out in the cold. I mean, trying
to give those guys a leg up and Lord
knows they need it. Poor bastards.
They're their sales are like waning. And
and it's really unfortunate because like
we've all said, you know, I mean, we
just want better EVs, people to have the
EVs, period, you know, I mean, it
doesn't really matter, but their their
sales are so so bad that it's
especially for Lucid that their numbers
are staggering. I have no idea what
they're doing over there, but but man,
at least the numbers are the uh what the
dollar per car is going down for for
Rivian, which which helps, but Lucid is
still struggling crazy.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, my thought is uh the R2 is going
to be the make or break for this
company. I'm already starting to see
them here and there on the road, but
obviously Cal Silicon Valley is always
going to be kind of more um bleeding
edge as far as like seeing more adoption
here. Um but I think, you know, the way
I see it, it's kind of similar to the
way I see the autonomy race. We need
multiple players. Like Tesla doesn't
need 99% of the market share. That's not
the point. We need more people on We
need more companies going to more cities
to help really make auton autonomous
future because this is really about the
safety of you know um for drivers and
and you know reducing the amount of
killings that are happening from um from
cars and automotives every year right
it's it's just that's what it's about
and it's the same thing with um a lot of
the stuff that Brian was saying earlier
um with electric vehicles it's going to
it it we need multiple players players,
you know what I mean? And China is doing
such an amazing job. I would love to see
more, you know, Americanbased companies
like Rivian and Lucid do do better, but
um I think what we're seeing is that
what Tesla did is not easy. you see
these companies struggling so hard and
then now the level that Tesla is at it's
it's it I mean obviously we know they're
not just an automotive company but uh
with their lithium refinery stuff that
they're I mean they're all the things
that they're doing the vertical
integration is just so far ahead and
again all these companies like Ford and
GM and you know who were like oh we're
going to keep pushing out EVs when there
is a time to be like hey let's catch up.
It's there's no catching up. It's more
of like you're going to only be able to
offer gas cars or maybe a hybrid, right?
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Oh, well, they're not they're not
catching up. But the good news is this
isn't 20 years ago and you can you know
I mean like what what Tesla laid the
groundwork on and and Nissan Leaf did
and even the EV1 and you know I mean
that it's people know that EVs exist and
they just got to choose the the better
vehicle like the I mean what what Tesla
did is not it's been it's been able to
be repeated which is why you can have
these companies come out. They just got
to do better at their manufacturing
prowess and and just reaching that uh
that plateau where where you make enough
to where you become profitable
&gt;&gt; 100%.
All right.
[sighs and clears throat] Tesla Semi
gets around right uh paper
&gt;&gt; transport um is partnering uh with Tesla
to deploy the Tesla Semi uh long range
and re real world freight operations
um so it is here um we're seeing more
and more of these um looks like you've
been you know Spencer's you know doing
some citizen journalism with um you know
private fleet supercharger permits in
the Dallas area are being pulled
um along with um you know um Essie
Robinson as well. Um looks like what is
this? Uh America's busiest landport of
entity, Lorettto, Texas. Um they had a
Tesla Semi on um display there. But
yeah, lots happening and I'll you know,
just this is I'll pair this news with
this too. This is the second Mega
Charger here in California that
literally just launched yesterday in
Bloomington, California. I literally
actually have no idea where that is. I'm
gonna have to look it up after this
call. Um, but it's probably going to be
in some small town that is perfect for
commuters. Um, or or just the, you know,
the um the truck routes. That's where
these things are going to be positioned.
So, I'm happy to see that. But, um, and
and I was talking to Joe. I don't think
I've I think this is I mean it makes
sense as a company matures but at this a
company at this scale a lot of times you
it's easy to get stale complacent but I
think the first time in a long time
where not in a long time but the first
time uh where I'm just seeing everything
kind of like you know we're talking
Tesla but I'm going to use an ICE but
every pistol in the engine is firing
right now right you see uh the
semifactories is going. You see the
cyber cab production line is going. You
see the Optimus uh production line is
going in. Uh the energy business is, you
know, hitting all-time records in their
deployments or getting close to breaking
their I think it was like the maybe
their second best quarter ever. Um but
they're just continuing to fire on um on
every single cylinder and um we're just
at this wake where um you know it's just
about ramping and scaling and um and so
it's a really exciting time. You know
the Y came out this week too. So it's
it's really exciting time to be um just
watching this company and you know the
four of us live and breathe it you know
for the past you know five to 10 years
depending on who you are. Um, but it
really it it just there's never a dull
moment with this company, you know.
All right, MDR, you the truth is out.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. So, the NTSB has now um published
their report on what actually happened
um in that crash, that fatal crash in in
Texas where a Uber Eats driver uh drove
his car into a house, tragically
tragically killing a woman. So when when
this happened, the driver told police he
was in FSD and the police said what the
driver said. They said the driver told
us he was using FSD. And then many many
publications including New York Times,
right, published these articles saying
um Tesla
operating in autonomous mode crashes
into house killing woman when the the
headline should have been man claims
vehicle he was driving was in autonomy
mode. Uh, of course, anyone who's ever
used FSD, especially in a residential
area, knew there was basically no
possible chance that that it was true
since the guy was driving over 75 or 70
mph when he hit the house. Um, so the
reports come out. What actually happened
is the car was in FSD, but the driver
had depressed the accelerator 100%. So,
if you don't have FSD, you may not know,
uh, you have total control of the car.
If you put the car in FSD, you still
have 100% control. And so if the car is
set to drive, you know, five miles over
the speed limit in a residential zone
and you hit the accelerator, it will
continue to accelerate beyond beyond
that that 5 miles over the residential
speed limit. So that's why the guy was
driving 70 miles an hour. There's video
of him, you know, flying through uh a
traffic light. He claims that he was um
adjusting the the music at the time when
he hit the house and that's why he
wasn't watching. Maybe that's true,
maybe it's not true. Maybe he fell
asleep or was looking at his phone.
Bottom line is he just drove straight
into a house and tragically killed a
woman. So the the report is out. Um the
uh you know I would like to see kind of
retractions from all these publications.
U that won't happen. even if it did
happen, the retractions would would get
no virality like the headlines did. And
also, if you look on other social
networks, you know, on on Reddit, on
Facebook, I saw post after post after
post stating the vehicle was in FSD. And
the comments I saw, it was about five to
one of people saying like FSD should be
outlawed, you know, Tesla should should
be banned from selling cars, Elon should
go to jail. And then there'd be, you
know, maybe one comment saying
explaining how it's not possible and and
those would also, you know, get some
decent support for them. But the overall
impression this gives to car buyers is
that FSD is unsafe. I would um I would I
would ask Tesla to kind of reconsider
their media strategy. You know, their
strategy now is to not respond to any
media requests. uh because in the past
when Tesla has responded to these
requests often the responses weren't
included or or still a negative story
would have been published. So Elon's uh
Elon strategy was well if they're going
to write negative stuff about us anyway
why even bother responding. Um, you
know, that's fair enough maybe when it
comes to a review of a car, but when it
comes to safety, I don't think that's
the right strategy. is and when when
safety is involved, I would like Tesla
to have a very rapid response to these
explaining um either what they know or
if they don't know anything specific
about that vehicle that was invol
involved in the crash, they can at least
explain how it works and how it's highly
unlikely uh that what the driver is
saying is accurate and that the data
will be published, you know, within
seven days or or however long it takes.
So, I think it is is time to re-evaluate
the media response when it when it comes
to when it comes to safety.
&gt;&gt; You already have my vote, Matthew. Geez.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. No, if uh yeah, the Tesla policy
teams watching, uh, hit up MDR.
Yeah, it's um I think they've gotten to
like there's certain things that I think
um I think you know eight years ago from
a policy standpoint made sense, right?
Like I think it was I remember when we
were interviewing Elon it was like you
know back in the day the more fraud that
they would associate with Tesla the more
car sales. But again, those were the
smaller days where it was like they're
doing, you know, tens of thousands of
units, maybe starting to hit that
hundreds of thousands, but not the
million units that several million units
that they're moving a year now globally.
Um, and so I think it's like one of
those simple things like u I think a
miss um you know like when Elon did that
um you know when he did when he was
doing the thing about a year ago with
where he said my heart goes out to you.
Obviously any logical person would
actually know he's not doing it. But it
did take him a while to actually
officially respond. That should have
just been a and he probably was like
this is stupid. Like why even respond?
But those are just certain things that
it's it's partially just like again it's
so crazy. But unfortunately in this day
and age just just put the word out like
obviously. So I think it wasn't until
you know he was making comments here and
there or even being on the Joe Rogan
thing where it's like he was kind of
being more public about it. But it's the
same thing with this right. It doesn't
take much work for them to respond. Uh
they can just quickly pull up the data,
boom, put out a post, this happened,
this these headlines are wrong. Um and
then the word will will will spill,
right? Like it'll it'll spread. Um I
think they're they're they're getting to
that point now where they need to be a
little bit proactive versus waiting for
Elon to comment on it because again, the
dude is busy, right? He obviously will
take uh take a call when he needs to,
but in this case, he can't be getting
calls when there's some random
bonehead who wants to hurt himself and
then it impacts other people that he's
just getting calls on, oh hey, another
another Tesla crash. Like, can we put
this out? Um because I've just been
still seeing it like he has to respond
then Tesla responds. So, um it's just I
think it's uh yeah, just something that
they can do a little bit better uh
tighten things up um and and and move
forward on.
All right, Joe, what's the update? Man,
&gt;&gt; we have reached our rapid news segment
part of the show. We are going to get
through these. Uh we got 10 minutes. Get
through the Well, we got eight minutes
actually.
But yeah, this is the rapid rapid news
segment of the show.
Let's get it.
&gt;&gt; Let's get it. And the first one we're
gonna go Matthew
Grock is the best.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, I mean, every time a new model
comes out, it seems to leaprog uh
leaprog the old models. I haven't played
around too much uh with 4.5 myself, but
um it's good to see it's it's good to
see the the testing come through with,
you know, some positive results. Uh
personally, I go back and forth. I use
Grock, I use Claude. I'm now um using
Fable, you know, I've got um kind of
unlimited access to to Meta's AI, so
I've been testing testing that around.
But yeah, it's good to see good to see
Grock take the lead again. Yeah, I've
been uh playing around with Grock um
with the connectors. So, um I have a
small business um small family business
that we run, but long story short, um
you know, I connected it to Google to
the Google Drive. Um, and now through
Grock, I'm able to, and again, I know
some of the other ones are able to do
this, but it might be able to do this,
but I'm able to have a hooked up, you
know, Excel spreadsheet or Google
spreadsheet, upload a couple photos,
give it a couple things of like, so it
literally is doing all my expense
reports. Now, I'm just giving a quick
description. It's literally putting
uploading those to the Google Drive,
posting those links inside the sheet,
um, and, you know, putting the
descriptions. So, it's it's really cool
to see. Um, and that's just, you know,
being able to be resourceful with, um,
the other things you're already
connected to. But now imagine, you know,
as this is growing to to to the other
things, like whether it's coding,
whether it's um, you know, legal, the
legal field, again, a lot of stats
there. But yeah, I think um, Grock is
clearly, you know, they just started a
couple years ago. I think like they
passed their two-year anniversary or
something like that. So, they will be
playing catch-up. Um, but at the same
time they are really, you know, trying
to to to get ahead. So, all right, Brian
Lexus EV with engine
sound.
&gt;&gt; Oh, you're on mute, dude. We
&gt;&gt; uh This is so ridiculous.
&gt;&gt; Am I really? Um,
&gt;&gt; no, you're good now.
&gt;&gt; Okay. Uh it's so ridiculous these uh
this is a trend and it's a big trend and
I don't understand why these guys love
to put in the fake noises, the fake
shifting uh the fake redlinining. Oh, if
you if I don't click this button, it'll
pretend it's stalling out or bogging
down or whatever. Uh guys, you know what
you could do is you could just make a
good electric car. I know it's crazy,
right? But uh that's a lot of work and
it's easy to make sounds.
&gt;&gt; Who who would do such a thing? Why would
they do that? [laughter]
&gt;&gt; Why Why would Stellantis put speakers on
the outside of the car?
&gt;&gt; No.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, they they dropped the ball on that
on on that Charger so bad. That could
have been Man, that could have been
something.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, it's one of the cars of all time.
[laughter]
Joe 7-Eleven and Tesla in Japan.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, this is something I think that
needs to become more apparent right now.
You know, we got the busies. We got a
few of the other uh regional players
that have their charging supercharging,
you know, Texas and Florida, some of
these areas. But but 7-Eleven's a major
player, man. and and for them to not
capitalize in America and and just
around the globe, you know, I mean,
Japan is a good start, right? But but
man, you you you're watching Bies and
you're watching all these other uh
regional players that are that are big
big names, but they're still regional.
They're not as big as 7-Eleven is. And I
I I say this all the time, but
man, th those gas stations are where
it's at. Your person that comes there
with an EV is going to spend probably
double the amount of time. If somebody's
going to be there for 5 minutes,
guarantee your EV is going to be there
for 10 to 15. That's way more time for
them to shop. That's way more time for
them to buy stuff. Like you really they
really got to get on the ball and just
put EVs. Even if you had like a two or
four stall, it still is something. And
that every freaking gas station should
have that. It's just wild that they
don't.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, those connections are I mean the
one place but I I also the thing is I
don't think Costco really needs it. It's
not going to really benefit them because
um you know Costco's already so busy
especially on the weekends but I would
love to see because when I go to Costco
like I stay there 30 plus minutes so
it's the perfect charging experience and
companion like errand place. I would
love to see more of those connections. I
I we've seen a lot of like um
&gt;&gt; Costco did it. Costco did it way early
on. Like they were like one of the
first, but then they just took them out
&gt;&gt; randomly overnight one day like years
ago.
&gt;&gt; I know Target partnered with the with
Tesla as well strategically. So
hopefully um you know we can see more
but yeah I think it's one of those
things or what is it those travel the TA
pilot stations hopefully they can do it
because those are huge and they're
they're everywhere. But yeah, Bies, all
these other ones, they they the
partnerships are going to be huge,
especially for like long distance
traveling.
All right, Matthew BYD Tang, motor
mishap.
Oh, you're on mute, man.
Yeah, forget forget battery swap. Now,
let's just do motor swaps, you
[laughter] know. Uh yeah, this is this
is wild for a motor to drop out, you
know. Uh some of us are old enough to
remember old cars maybe having like the
transmission, you know, drop out of a
car on the road. Uh you know, these
electric motors have so much torque. Who
knows why this one fell out? U maybe it
wasn't properly bolted down. Maybe
there's some manufacturing defect. Uh
it's it would be funny if it wasn't so
dangerous for something like this to
happen. I actually had a similar
situation to this. I back, you know, in
20 um 2013, I owned a a Fisker Karma,
one of the one of the very first kind of
plug-in hybrid um EVs, and I sold the
car to a guy in Portland. He drove up
and bought it um for me, and while he
was driving it over the next week, um
literally the the engine or the or not
the engine, the motor or something like
fell out of the car and he wrecked the
car. He like slid off the road. And it
turns out the car when the car was
serviced um there there's kind of like a
there's these these splines in the
motors that were tearing because the the
rear motor had so much torque and it
wasn't heavy duty enough and Fisker had
rebuilt um you know the drive unit and
hadn't bolted it back in properly. Like
they just popped it up there and
literally had not bolted it in and it
fell out and um the guy wrecked the car.
So, it's I would I would tend to think
this is probably more of a service issue
than a manufacturing issue, but uh yeah,
it's wild to see something like that
happen.
&gt;&gt; It was still driving.
&gt;&gt; Of course, it was.
&gt;&gt; So, was it all so had two motors, so it
have frontwheel drive or as well?
&gt;&gt; Yeah, I don't know. It was just like it
was like inching down the road in in the
video. It's It's pretty wild. You can
just see it like just dragging the
motor. And I'd be inclined to suggest
it's probably a manufacturing defect
because the tang is too new to even need
service.
&gt;&gt; Could be.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, that's true.
&gt;&gt; That's true.
&gt;&gt; That is true. All right, Brian. Nvidia
advances AI animation.
&gt;&gt; I mean, it could mean anything, right?
Uh, everybody is pushing forward at full
speed on all of these things. In this
post, you could see the little animation
where it's showing how uh it tracks
objects and uh creates them both in
simulation and tracking them in the real
world. The reality is uh Nvidia's uh
approach is great. It's going to save
everyone. Uh they've abandoned all their
internal projects to buy this toolkit
that's going to take them five years to
train and develop and another five years
to get it into vehicles. guys if you
don't want to make autonomous vehicles
you can just say so you don't need to
play around u so I don't know what the
actual benefit is going to be in terms
of real world application but Nvidia
knows one thing better than anyone else
and that's how to convince people to buy
their chips
facts
all right so Joe oh well Joe, close us
out, man.
&gt;&gt; This is it. This we did it, you guys.
Okay, so uh a few things coming up uh
with the uh with the takeover is
happening. It's going down. The keynote
speaker is going to be May. She has a
new boot book of poop. She has a new
book coming out. U so that's happening.
Presenting sponsor
site view
&gt;&gt; AI
&gt;&gt; and uh get get your tickets. What? Why
do you have uh take takeover tickets for
26 on there, but they can't get tickets?
&gt;&gt; They they can, man. Uh but either way,
there's um we we released we released um
a couple hundred more tickets last week.
So, there are I think
&gt;&gt; Are they still available?
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Yeah. 150.
&gt;&gt; Oh, the tour is what sold out yesterday.
&gt;&gt; Uh yes, the tour sold out in 90 minutes.
We released another like several hundred
more. um that sold out within within
minutes, but um let me just check real
quick how many more tickets are
available. Uh we are down to like 115
left, right? So,
&gt;&gt; um Tesla opened up the capacity for us,
so we opened it up and a lot of the
people off the wait list got in. Uh but
with that said, um you know, it's cool
opportunity potentially to come to one
of the coolest events, xtakeover.com.
And but again, with that said, please um
all of these guys are tagged on X. Um
you know, you might be watching also too
from uh Brian's channel, but please
patronize them uh you know, for their
time every single week for Joe prepping
the deck and for all their wonderful
insights. Uh but with that said, we will
catch you guys all on the next one. Um
have a great week and uh stay safe out
there.
Thanks everybody.