Channel:     munrolive
Title:       Slate Revealed the Price. Here's How Munro Helped
URL:         https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IxOwUJCmTBM
Published:   2026-06-26 22:00 UTC
Fetched:     2026-06-26 23:00 UTC

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Everything else in your life might be
more expensive, but a slate won't be.
The Slate truck is the most affordable
truck in America and it's also the most
affordable new EV and it's radically
affordable as promised at $24,950.
&gt;&gt; And Sling's so much more than just an
affordable truck. We're very proud to be
affordable truck, but it's a fastback
SUV that's sported. It's a squareback
SUV that's great, great room, and it's
also a beautiful twodoor pickup. All EV.
It's not just one SUV, but there's many
SUV versions you can make it to. I
encourage all of you to walk around the
room and see all the variations of what
you can make yourself.
Hi everybody. Welcome to Monroe Live.
We're super excited. We're out here in
Los Angeles at one of the biggest slate
launch events um that's going to I mean
it's unbelievable looking around here.
We're doing price launches, spec
launches. I'm here with Eric Kyper who's
really brought this product to life, you
know, and we're we're going to talk a
little bit about the foundation and how
Monroe is plugged in. But speaking of
the foundation, I wanted to introduce
someone that's standing off to the side
here that you might know um if you've
watched Monroe Live is Sandy Monroe.
&gt;&gt; Hey Sammy.
&gt;&gt; Hey. Hi everybody. How are you?
&gt;&gt; So here we are. Um Eric, you are the man
of the hour.
&gt;&gt; Long journey. Long journey. Yes, indeed.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, this has been great. So obviously
uh you know we were with Monroe uh right
from the very beginning. I think we had
six employees in engineering and we
actually rented space with you guys.
&gt;&gt; Six cubes.
&gt;&gt; Yep. Six. six cubes and uh we you know
we've far outgrown that now. I don't
think we could fit the entire team even
in that room. Uh it would be you know
elbows to elbows.
&gt;&gt; This building is bigger than that whole
building.
&gt;&gt; Oh, for sure.
&gt;&gt; What was what was incredible to me,
Eric, I was thinking about this when we
were on our way to the event and I
remember you and Chris Barman walking in
and we're under a vehicle on a hoist and
you guys are like we're trying to do
something interesting with a vehicle.
We're like okay. And we're like, we're
we're wanting to set cost targets and
develop a a really good architectural
foundation. And you're like, we may not
even have carpet. We're going to have
roll-up windows. And I was like, oh,
you're really going to do something
serious.
&gt;&gt; We're doing it for real.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; And it's here. And it's here. So, yeah.
Back to basics. Only the essentials. Um,
as you guys walk around, you get an
understanding of the features. Uh, but
it's all about the accessorization, too,
right? So we we've developed an entire
accessories portfolio that you guys will
be able to see over over 200 different
color wraps that you can get. Uh so it's
it's truly like the we're giving
everything back to the customer with the
ability to customize. Uh you can put
custom, you know, light uh panels on the
front. You can rename the truck if you
want. You can take the slate emblem off
and and put it on on whatever you want,
right? You can name it after your dog,
your kids, uh whatever whatever you
want. It's it's available. Same with the
rear. And then, you know, we've got T-
rails that'll be throughout uh the
vehicle. So, you can add tie downs or
you can do a tano cover. You can do bike
racks. Like, it's literally limitless uh
with with the combinations that you can
do.
&gt;&gt; It's It's incredible. Sandy, I know we
were talking a bit off camera. What are
your impressions when you look at this,
you take in the event, like what are
your takeaways when you look at this?
Where where slates come?
&gt;&gt; Well, I've been looking at this for
quite some time. I think I was one of
the very first videos that that was done
on this when it was still kind of in a
prototype kind of stage and we were
talking and I was looking at how they're
going to do it, why they're going to do
what they're doing and quite frankly I
was hooked and about that time uh that's
when I ordered my two um two trucks. So,
I'm going to be one of those early
delivery kind of guys, and I'm really,
really looking forward to it because
quite frankly, and especially now that's
got 200 miles of range. Um, this is
exactly what I want. I want something I
can take apart, put back together, and
do it in about an hour and a half. I
mean, we didn't talk about that or show
it up here, but I mean, we watched the
team zip this thing to pieces, put it
back together in a different mode like
twice um in in about an hour and a half.
So, I I was really really hooked. And I
mean, this is what I this is kind of
like when I was a kid, this is what I
would have wanted. I could have afforded
it and I could play with it. I could
make it what I want. I mean,
&gt;&gt; and we're excited for exactly that, to
see, you know, what customers do with
it. Um, whether it's the blank slate or
it's the SUV configuration. And that
same SUV configuration can be the
squareback, it can be the fastback. Um,
and you know, we designed the glass and
the and the partition to be able to
unbolt. You put the roll cage in. The
truck knows that you're doing that. when
you add the roll cage in, it's smart
enough to know that it's not a truck
anymore, that it's on the way to being
an SUV. And then we have it errorproofed
such that you bring the side panels in
and then you have to bring the roll cage
in and then you can bring the seats in.
And so it's all errorproofed kind of
like a Russian doll where you can't put
the the next one on until the former one
is there. Um and that's to protect the
occupants so that we have safety safety
in mind, safety first. But um some of
the other specs that we're announcing
today, so 205 mi of range, uh it's an
LFP prismatic uh uh cell to pack battery
architecture. We also improved our uh
our payload, so it's 1,550 lbs of
payload and and we improved our towing
capacity. So we have a 2,000lb towing
capacity. So like we went all in with
making sure that we're competitive with
our specs and that we're truly giving a
capable truck to uh to the United
States. that's, you know, at the the
right price. So, really, we're really
excited. Exactly.
&gt;&gt; The right price is what you really need
to say because that's the thing that is
going to really catch everybody's
attention.
&gt;&gt; Yep. $24,950.
&gt;&gt; And that is a big difference.
&gt;&gt; Yep. 24,900.
We're going to we're going to try and
get it under 50 grand.
&gt;&gt; This is brilliant.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Lowest cost uh truck in America
and lowest cost uh battery electric
vehicle in America. So,
&gt;&gt; so, so Eric, when when you're talking
about the price point, which is, I mean,
it's unbelievable. You guys held that
from the beginning. Like, that was that
was the topic of conversation 3, four
years ago when you guys were endeavoring
on this mission. So, you're able to hold
it, you know, and we were we were there
to help like lay out what the cost
targets on a subsystem basis could be
like before anything was really drawn in
CAD. Now, we're we're re-engaging. I'll
tell you, you're making it hard on the
Monroe team. you know, the the team that
Sandy built and and the methodology to
go and find costs and find opportunity
is good,
&gt;&gt; but it's a testament to the Slate team
that our job's not easy right now,
right?
&gt;&gt; That's great.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. And at Monroe as a partner from
the very beginning, helping us to do our
benchmark uh work to look at the how we
go through the decision matrix process.
I know we talked when we talked at the
beta facility, like literally everything
that we did had a very regimented uh
decision matrix that went to it. Whether
it was the the choice of the McFersonson
struts up front, the choice of the DDion
axle in the rear, the thermal
architecture uh that we went through,
deciding to do a a PTC heater versus a
heat pump, right? And we we made the
choices that were right for the Slate
product uh and with the work that Monroe
did and the work that Monroe is
continuing to do with us is helping us
make that 24950 price point. So yeah, so
big props to the to the Monroe team
being being partners with with Slate
from the very beginning and continuing
that. So yeah,
&gt;&gt; there's one thing
&gt;&gt; I wanted different brakes.
&gt;&gt; I wanted drum brakes.
&gt;&gt; I know. We wanted We wanted drum brakes.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, absolutely. Cut the
&gt;&gt; We studied them. We know. We studied
them.
&gt;&gt; No, we couldn't find them. Nobody makes
them.
&gt;&gt; They didn't exist. Same with a beam
axle, right? So we we also wanted a beam
axle. We wanted a vacuum pump for the
for the brakes. Doesn't exist anymore.
Uh or at least not at the right price.
But uh
&gt;&gt; yeah, but now they're they classify them
as obsolete. But you know what? What's
old is new. drum brakes should come
back. Yeah.
&gt;&gt; If I had big money, I' i'd go into the
drum bag drum brake.
&gt;&gt; So, we're disc brakes. We have, you
know, proper hydraulics uh with the with
the brake system. Um and you know, we've
gone with a PTC heater on the on the
thermal system, which is the right thing
for us at this time. Um so, yeah, we're
and again, thank you to to you guys for
helping us work through all of that.
&gt;&gt; Absolutely. So Eric, maybe if we could
just like take a look at the the front
end of the vehicle right now, the body
structure,
&gt;&gt; what when when you look at this and the
wrap looks cool, but I look under it,
it's it's mostly composite. There's
there's a lot of vac forming. There's a
lot of injection molding. Like these are
all the things that I'm sure are hard
decisions to make cuz there's
trade-offs. Like maybe talk us through
the architecture here and how you landed
on some of these selections.
&gt;&gt; For sure. So, so all of the exterior
components are all injection molded uh
glass filled polyropylene and and so
it's it's extremely dent resistant. Um
you know, if it does if you do end up in
a fender bender where you've got cracked
parts, you can take this off. We've got
exterior fasteners and then the
fasteners across the top of the catwalk
here. You can pull it off. If it's just
cracked, you can peel the vinyl off, do
a little bit of bondo on it, put the
wrap back together, and and put it back
on the vehicle. If it's totally
shattered, you can obviously replace it
fairly easily. Um, and then that
continues on the rear quarters. Uh, the
closures are actually uh bonded to an
inner structure so that they have the
rigidity to them. Um, and then there's
more glass filled uh in the in the
injection for the hood and for the roof
just because of the solar load. So, we
learned a lot about uh you know
polyropylene and glass fill and the the
thermal behaviors that go along with
that. So, um Sandy, when when I look at
this, you know what it makes me think of
is some of the work that we've done in
the agricultural spaces, big tractors,
heavy equipment, and areas where you
need color, you need adaptable branding
surfaces that are planer but robust. I
mean, it makes me think of some of the
agricultural projects we've done.
&gt;&gt; Well, we Yeah. When we were jerking when
we were working on a lot of the tractors
and earth movers and whatnot, they
always had the steel goods and stuff
like that. And uh uh I mean I don't
think it's a a mystery, but we we uh I
I'll I won't mention their name just in
case they get upset, but we went with a
big um agricultural
uh company, and we um we basically took
their hood, which was made out of steel,
heavy as anything, continuously having
problems because of the weight and the
vibration and whatnot, stripped it out,
had a u actually um polyropane with
glass filled um hood made put it on
looked great and they said oh it'll
never pass the drop test. They took a
they had this big ball of iron and they
drop it and crush the hood and u and
hope that it didn't destroy the destroy
the u the big uh diesel engine
underneath it. And I said, "Well, okay,
let's try it with this." I already knew
it was going to happen. That big ball
hit it. It took off like a rocket ship.
It was like a trampoline. And guess
what? No dimple anywhere. Nothing. Zero.
Did they put it in? Nope. But their
competition did. One of the guys that
saw this, he quit that company, went to
another company, also a big agricultural
company, and they put it on. And guess
who won? I mean, at the end of the day,
if you don't transition with the with
the times, you'll get left behind. And
when you're left behind, you can't catch
up. There's no such thing as an act two.
&gt;&gt; And this is one of the the innovative
things that we've done. So, obviously,
the innovation for Slate isn't
necessarily in any of the high-tech
stuff. It's not, you know, we're not
we're not creating anything new here.
the the innovation is the the ability to
offer branding and to offer the the
accessor accessorization back to the
customer, right? So, it's really the
business model that is the innovative
thing here along with composits and and
uh the decoupling of options so that we
we have accessories that customers can
buy on their timeline and then plug and
play onto the vehicle. So it's that it's
that architecture thinking uh from the
very beginning that really allowed us to
to bring this entire ecosystem uh to
being. So no diesel engine under here.
Instead we have a giant frunk. So seven
7 cubic feet of uh of space underneath
here.
&gt;&gt; The thing in back is kind of the best.
&gt;&gt; One one of the things that you guys
actually helped us with was the
benchmarking to take the uh the whole
front end the whole cooling module. We
dropped it and we tipped it back to be
able to have the lift over be as low as
possible. And so it's very easy to lift
up, get your suitcases in there.
Again, giant frunk to be able to to
load. We knew that lockable, sealable
storage was a big deal for a a twodoor
truck like this. So we we made sure to
hold all of this space at a premium. Um,
and of course, it's got a drain plug.
And you know what frunk would be
complete without cup holders to make
sure that you get uh the the frunk
gating in?
&gt;&gt; Well, and and these are I mean what
you're hitting on, Eric, you look at it
and it's like, wow, that's a big frunk.
But what I think most people don't
realize if they've never done this type
of exercise is the the scrutiny and the
packaging exercises and iteration,
fighting for millimeters, static and
dynamic clearances, all the stackups
that go into getting something. I mean,
we're we're looking at competitive
frunks in a similar vehicle size. This
size of frunk doesn't exist.
&gt;&gt; You're right. It doesn't.
&gt;&gt; It just doesn't.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. And if especially if you look at
the size of the frunk against the shadow
size of the vehicle, we're we're uh
we're best in class.
&gt;&gt; So, it's uh it is something that And it
is actually to your point, it was
actually kind of it became a running
joke where the the engineering team's
like, "We have to expand into the frunk
because we just we're running out of
space." And I I was like, "Guys, that's
the frunk." Like, it figure it out. We
got to we got to move stuff around. We
got to take up every millimeter we can.
And to the credit of the packaging team,
the engineering organization, uh they
got it. They understood like this. We
have to give this to the customer first
and figure out the packaging of
everything else around uh around the
front.
&gt;&gt; Relentless packaging exercise. That's
awesome.
&gt;&gt; Um I'd love to show you guys one other
feature if you guys don't mind. So, uh,
when we moved to the SUV configuration,
getting into the back seat is something
that we knew was critical. So, we have
to have ease of entry into the back
seat. So, we generated a track on track
that allows the seat to slide all the
way up to the windshield and give you
that that ingress egress. So, let me
show you guys what you've got.
&gt;&gt; I'm going to lock you back here. Yeah.
&gt;&gt; So, we have a single action with the
recliner here. So, lift the recliner and
then the whole thing is going to slide
all the way forward.
&gt;&gt; It's much more cheaper.
&gt;&gt; It's a It's a track on track and then
you've got this giant opening to be able
to get into the rear. So, we knew we
knew that was a key feature for the SUV.
It allows for, you know, child seats to
get in and out. You know, it allows kids
to get in and out easily. Um, even, you
know, full grown humans. So, it's uh
something that we package for to make
sure that this is a comfortable,
enjoyable vehicle.
&gt;&gt; I mean, when I look at that, Eric, it's
impressive because it, you know, you
think of a second row SUV application
like a Yukon or something like that and
they've got the kneel and tip. You don't
see this in front seats and you don't
see this exact rail and rail
configuration the way that you guys like
that. That's a a lot of ingenuity and a
lot of time thought about how to like
you knew the goal get the seat forward.
our our interior team that came away
with uh this as an idea. Um there was
roadblock after roadblock after
roadblock. There there were many many
many reasons to quit trying and we just
didn't. The the team to their credit did
a great job of figuring out how to tuck
the the very front of the seat
underneath the dashboard and have this
whole thing glow. And it's literally a,
you know, a millimeter by millimeter uh
love of engineering to be able to to
create this and do the packaging. So,
all the credit goes to the interior team
and the the engineers back in Slate.
&gt;&gt; Okay. So, um that's a good idea. But can
I can I just slide him beside you here
for a second?
&gt;&gt; Absolutely.
&gt;&gt; Um okay, so I hurt my back splitting
logs. Uh, and when that's better, I can
tell you for sure because I'm going to
get one of these with a top on it. I'm
going to take that top off in the
summertime and I'm going to kick my leg
up and go right inside this way. I can
see every kid on the planet jumping into
the back seat using this. And this is
way better bigger than what I if I
There's a couple of videos of me getting
into race cars. This is huge in
comparison to that little dinky ass
window that they have me basically
shoehorned into. This is brilliant. I
love this. And you know what? It's not
like I used to have a lot of Wranglers
jumping in the back seat of a Wrangler
like this. You'd rip rip your shorts to
pieces and uh and it wouldn't be a happy
experience. This is all nice and smooth.
&gt;&gt; And and these are actually where the T
the T- rails will connect. So you can
connect in T- rails here. We have other
uh T- rail connections on the side here.
And that's where you can do the tano
cover. You can do bike racks, you can do
um any number of accessories, tie downs
for, you know, your your bikes or any,
you know, canoes, kayaks, whatever you
whatever it is you want. Right
&gt;&gt; now, Eric, you know, you're speaking to
like the modularity like the the entire
vehicle became this like reception or
adaptation platform to accept all these
different accessories. How did you guys
go about making it so adaptable to plug
in? And I mean these are legitimate body
like roof crush structures C and D
pillars like how did you go and engineer
it such that you know we call it scar
mass like for a vehicle that is not only
designed to do this but it's also a
truck sometimes we call it scar mass
when you've got to had more structure
provisional for this. How did the slate
team approach the CN D pillar
application? Yeah. So, we we originally
wanted to try and tuck this into the the
catwalk here, but um with the way that
we did the composite and the the body
structure, we didn't want to add
structure to the truck that didn't have
to be there for the SUV. So, when we
styled this, we actually took this
entire uh roll cage and we plug it into
uh the truck bed on the inside. So it
hugs the wheel well and and allows the
structures to to work together. And that
really allowed us to get, you know, the
torsional rigidity out of the SUV uh
that is required um and allowed it to be
that uh you know, flat packed design
that can be shipped to the customer's
driveway and then added in uh over time.
So we had a lot of different uh
functional requirements that all came
together in order to define what the
requirements are or what the what this
would be. And so that you know having
good requirements in place is really
what allowed the engineering team to
then go in and design it.
&gt;&gt; So if we if we trace the load path from
the rear suspension going into the body
and then tracing up the SE-pillar, you'd
see continuity structural.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, you see structural continuity. And
uh so I that's stuff that we learned
from you guys back way back in the day
15 years ago or so when we were working
together it having that structural
continuity is a big deal and making sure
that it's an efficient design and uh and
so we've done that and it's these it's
these rails that uh when you take the
back glass out and you take the
partition out it knows that it's in the
middle of a conversion and then this
rail when it comes sensors up here that
know that now you're in the SUV
conversion. The airbags are actually
inside uh of this rail. So customers
don't have to do any airbag
installation. You just have to make the
connection and then the truck again is
smart enough to know that it made that
that curtain airbag connection. And then
it knows it's on its way to an SUV and
then the the side panels, the roll cage,
and then the seats have to go in in that
order. So it's errorproofed to make sure
that the occupants are safe. So safety
is uh the first principle for us at
Slate. And you know, we follow through
with that in the design.
&gt;&gt; I mean, pulling in the curtain airbags
into this assembly, it's very seamless.
Like, at first glance, you'd be like,
"Oh, it's a structural roll cage. It's
the sport bar. It's the" But that's an
assembly, and there's it's a safety
assembly.
&gt;&gt; Yep. And you know, the um as you uh as
you go around, you'll hear the idea of
reuse uh that we learned essentially
from you guys. So the armrests on both
doors come from the same tool. That same
armrest is also used in the center
console from the same tool. And then we
take that to the curtain airbags where
all of the bracketry for the front
curtain airbags and the rear curtain
airbags left and right all have the same
uh brackets that are designed to be uh
all common. So it's all coming out of
the same tooling. So we reuse that
tooling uh in multiple multiple places
so that we don't have you know eight
different brackets that are you know of
all different tools.
&gt;&gt; Yeah
spilled down.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Exactly.
&gt;&gt; Absolutely.
&gt;&gt; Okay. All this engineering crap is good.
But you know what? I just figured out
how I could do this
&gt;&gt; without killing myself. I think so.
Let's just look at this.
&gt;&gt; Why did I have a feeling Sandy would be
doing this?
&gt;&gt; Oh, I can go in the top. I don't even
need that.
I'm just going this way, Sandy.
&gt;&gt; Okay, fine. All right. All right. So,
&gt;&gt; I knew there'd be a Dukes a hazard
moment.
&gt;&gt; Sandy, you just got done telling me how
you weren't spry anymore. What? What's
going on?
&gt;&gt; I'm not quite dead yet.
&gt;&gt; Spry. No, but um I'm pretty
&gt;&gt; love it. We We've had the Dukes of
Hazard challenge to see who's going to
be the first to to slide in the side
here. So, really I'm happy to know this
on on this on this show. I'm happy to
know that it's sand.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Well, there you go. I didn't
really slide in, but
&gt;&gt; Well, Eric, I tell you what. Uh, we're
really excited to be here. We're excited
to be plugged in with the Slate team.
We're excited to see everything that you
guys are doing and um we're going to be
tracking you. I know Sandy personally
got multiple orders um already. So, uh
we're we're going to be rooting for you
every step of the way. And we appreciate
your time.
&gt;&gt; Thank you. Yeah, we appreciate you guys
being here. And thanks, Andy.
&gt;&gt; Hey, thank you. And by the way, you
don't even have to discount it for my
present.
&gt;&gt; Okay.
There'll be no fee.
&gt;&gt; All right, everyone. Thank you so much.
Uh Sandy, hey, it's great having you
back on the channel. I know you're no
stranger.
&gt;&gt; Thanks everyone. We'll talk to you soon.
&gt;&gt; You ready for a quick ride?
&gt;&gt; I think so. So, Ben, what do you do at
Slate?
&gt;&gt; So, I am a propulsion engineer. I
&gt;&gt; I'm the the vehicle control unit and
drive line uh manager.
&gt;&gt; Okay.
&gt;&gt; So, I own basically the the propulsion
brain as well as the the motor and drive
line. So, like talk to me as as we're
rolling out, talk to me about the
architecture. Like what's what's the
configuration here and um what are you
excited about?
&gt;&gt; Yeah, configuration. It's an EV rear
wheel drive. We have 181 horsepower uh
rear EDM that has a 12.44 final drive
ratio, single speed transmission.
&gt;&gt; Yep.
&gt;&gt; Um and as far as like Yeah, we're we're
doing a NX uh charging setup. Um, and
there's no heat pump or anything like
that from a thermal system. It's just
PTC heaters.
&gt;&gt; What's what's the thermal management um
solution for the the motor? Do you have
like a plate cooler? And then are you
running ethane glycol through the motor
and rotor?
&gt;&gt; Yeah,
&gt;&gt; exactly. Cooling plate with uh with all
that. We might I guess should we put the
windows up?
&gt;&gt; Oh, yeah. Yeah. Just make sure. I
&gt;&gt; I love the rollup windows, man. You're
going to get that on repeat, I'm sure.
But that's great.
&gt;&gt; Oh, yeah.
Yeah. So, okay. So, you're running
ethylene glycol and then for the the
gear oil, you've got a plate cooler
plugged in with ethane glycol cooling as
well.
&gt;&gt; Correct.
&gt;&gt; Okay. Right on.
&gt;&gt; Now, is that um is that a staggered
setup coaxial for the traction motor?
&gt;&gt; Like, yep.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. So, the for the traction motor it
is um you know, I don't recall offhand.
I'd have to double check that.
&gt;&gt; Okay.
Man, just my initial thoughts are
&gt;&gt; it's smooth.
&gt;&gt; I mean, it really it really is. Like I
know
&gt;&gt; quiet
&gt;&gt; like for an application like this to
maximize range, you got to keep the tire
pressure a bit higher. I'm assuming
you're you're north of 32, probably 35
36 PSI.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, I ran at 35.
&gt;&gt; Okay. Yeah. But I mean, considering that
short wheelbase,
it doesn't seem overly harsh. We're
hitting some some potholes.
gaps and road joints.
&gt;&gt; Agreed. Yep. I'll give you a little
acceleration here.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Yeah.
&gt;&gt; Planted strong.
&gt;&gt; Very much so. Like our our chassis team
is I I keep telling everybody they're
topnotch. Um
&gt;&gt; you know, the suspension feels very
grounded. You know, all the way through
the prototype phases. I was just very
impressed with how how easy the car was
to drive.
So, what what are the specs 0 to 60 on
this?
&gt;&gt; 8 seconds.
&gt;&gt; 8 seconds. Okay.
&gt;&gt; And so, this is the Daydon rear
suspension.
&gt;&gt; It is.
&gt;&gt; And then a McFersonson front.
&gt;&gt; Correct.
&gt;&gt; So, I'm a huge fan of Daydon just
because of the lower unsprung mass.
Like, it's super cool. Used in race
applications.
&gt;&gt; Um, offers you a lot of flexibility on
your half shaft configuration.
&gt;&gt; Absolutely.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. But but also you have to you don't
have to worry about the isolation piece
as much like all those right you know
structure born noises coming from the
EDM back into uh you know I'll say
compounding with the the chassis MVH
back into the the vehicle right you get
to isolate those
&gt;&gt; discreetly to a degree yeah absolutely
&gt;&gt; yeah I know like I like I said I was
here very early on in the in the
company's like architectural design part
and that was you know we were very
diligent in figuring out what we thought
the correct architecture was and I think
potentially you guys were even involved
in some of those discussions.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, for sure. No, they we actually had
Eric Rod Roman like the Slate team at
our facility like they were working out
of our office during during the very
early days.
&gt;&gt; I went to uh at least one of the
workshops at like at your facility
during that time.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. No, it's it's super cool. We're
we're excited. I mean, it feels surreal
to be in the vehicle, you know, with all
the um hype around production and I know
you guys are in a launch phase, but man,
the the interior is spacious. Like, this
is the first time I've really sat in it,
drip, you know, ridden around in it.
Like, the dash feels plenty far away. I
don't feel cramped in any regard.
&gt;&gt; Agreed.
&gt;&gt; Um
&gt;&gt; Yeah. And you met Rod, right?
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Yeah. So, you know, he's he's a a
mastermind and in addition, he's also
like 6'5 270. So, he
&gt;&gt; we had to make sure that, you know, the
guy designed the car would fit. So, he,
&gt;&gt; you know, that made this really
spacious, but it made it really
comfortable for people like me at my
size, you know, very average height and
Yeah.
&gt;&gt; and weight. So, like I Yeah, it I was
very surprised myself when I got in the
first beta and how much space that we
saw. It was really uh really really
pleasant surprise.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. No, for sure. Well, Ben, hey, I
appreciate you taking us around.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, thank you.
&gt;&gt; Great work on the vehicle and um we'll
be tracking you all the way to
production.
&gt;&gt; Sounds great.
&gt;&gt; All right.
&gt;&gt; Hi everyone. We're just wrapping up here
at the Slate event. Um the Slate team
asked me like, "Hey, what's one word to
describe your experience here?" I said
impressive. I think it's impressive that
Slate is really held true to the price
point. They actually extended the range
and then you go for a ride in the
vehicle. Uh I would say it was it was
subdued, right? It's tough to get a
vehicle like that at that price point
that doesn't have the cost ceiling to
inject all sorts of NVH countermeasures
and have, you know, virtual ball SLA
suspension and and Primo active damping
shocks and and suspension systems. So
considering all those things,
considering what they're deploying here,
the the multitude of variance and
overall like the consistency of the
engineering team's focus on what needs
to be done, the gap that needs to be
closed in order to get to production and
hold true to all the announcements
today. It's been a great experience. Uh
we're working with the Slate team to
help them get there efficiently to help
them, you know, make sure that costs are
of the utmost priority so that that
price point holds. That's our objective
and um we appreciate the team having us
out. So, we'll see you on the next one.
Uh thanks for being with us along the
ride.