Channel:     jobhakdi
Title:       Why The SpaceX Timeline Just ACCELERATED
URL:         https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5in7MNU8nho
Published:   2026-05-12 19:31 UTC
Fetched:     2026-05-12 21:00 UTC

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

or follow SpaceX news every minute, you
know already that something huge
happened that fortifies the thesis
around SpaceX and actually supplements
some other news that we had earlier this
month. Let's go right into it. And what
you see here is breaking news from I
think the Wall Street Journal reported
it first, but it was confirmed that
Google Google is now partnering up with
SpaceX for orbital AI data centers. And
that follows, of course, the news we got
from Anthropic,
right? You heard about that and I
reported on this here and gave you my
opinion on it that earlier anthropic
announced a huge deal with SpaceX
getting their Colossus one terrestrial
AI compute. So this is one of the
largest data centers owned by SpaceX on
the ground owned by XAI and then it was
acquired by SpaceX. Colossus one, Elon
and the team built this massive compute
data center and Anthropic bought access
to it because Enthropic is exploding in
usage, exploding in all kinds of things.
They are heavily compute constrainted.
They need more compute and so they're
grabbing everything they can. And so
Elon said, why don't you just buy
Colossus one access? And they got it.
But as part of this very very important
and historic deal, they also announced
as part of this agreement, we have also
exre expressed interest in partnering
with SpaceX to develop multiple
gigawatts. Like let that sink in.
Multiple gigawatts of orbital AI compute
capacity. So that just happened a few
weeks ago or last week I think. I can't
even keep track of this stuff. So a few
multiple gigawatts of orbital AI compute
capacity
that was entropic. And today Google
announces Google and SpaceX are in talks
to put a orbital data center in outer
space. Here's a nice little mockup of
this. Of course, that's not how it's
going to look like. But what does that
all mean? What is happening? is this
orbital AI thing that I reported on as
the first person on X and YouTube. I
provided you guys here on the channel a
comprehensive first economic model in
November I think last year when this
first came up. I did quick back of the
napkin back of the Google sheet math and
came to the conclusion this is far
bigger far bigger than anyone even
understands except Elon maybe. So why is
it so big? Why is it so big? We will go
into some details. But first we have to
understand it is so big because this is
not pie in the sky. No pun intended. It
is in the sky but it's not a pi. It is a
data center idea and strategy where you
bring these compute satellites which is
basically just a bunch of Nvidia GPUs
and then soon Tesla GPUs wrapped up into
nice little satellites equipped with
major solar arrays with five times the
solar energy uh compared to Earth per
day in space. Five times more energy per
square foot.
And then you have some radiators added
to it to radiate out the heat. That's
the three components you need. And then
you need some lasers to connect the
satellites with each other to have large
clusters. So you have the GPUs a little
bit shielding maybe a little bit maybe
tweaked GPUs so they are like radiation
safe or better protected from radiation.
Then you need major solar arrays around
it. And then you need major you know
radiation arrays cheap stuff but needs
to be designed and that's all you need.
Why am I saying that? Because what is
very very important to understand is
that compared to other technological
endeavors of SpaceX of Tesla and so on
of Nvidia of the whole crowd designing
orbital or even deep space
compute AI AI compute satellites is
easy.
That was my main takeaway when I looked
at that. It's like, dude, I can do that.
Just kidding. But other people can do
it. It is a very, very, very easy
engineering problem compared to
Starship, compared to Roboaxi, compared
to an Nvidia GPU. This is peanuts.
That's what you do in an afternoon as a
team like that. Why is that so
important? Because it means there is no
obstacle. You can start doing that. And
that is what I want to emphasize in this
video. Now that Google is also jumping
on board, this is going to happen much
faster than people think. We will have
fullon orbital AI compute satellites
ready to go in a first commercial
prototype latest next year
coinciding with Starship becoming
commercially viable. So it's a very very
big deal and it's immediately
launchable. It will have massive margins
and the only bottleneck remaining is
then Starship. How many starships can
you build? How many thousands of
starships to actually get this stuff to
orbit? And here let me explain before we
go into the bigger strategic picture.
Why Google is such an important step now
a gamecher even compared to anthropic
what the future of this AI compute
constellation will look like. What it
has to do with power and civilization.
Before we go there, let's take a look at
the facts on the ground why this is so
important. And here we have to read a
little bit. Why is this so dramatically
important? So these dudes here, there
are some energy reports. Microsoft, for
example, you read this, is reportedly
considering delaying or abandoning its
2030 goal to match 100% of our
electricity use with renewables.
Renewable energy is nice as long as you
don't need energy. When you need energy,
it goes all out of the window. Now
Microsoft says we need all the gas
natural gas turbines and gas that we can
get because there is a huge energy
crunch. That is the quick takeaway
down here. AI electricity usage. Look at
this. I want you to look at this.
2023 4% of total produced in USA.
Okay, that was AI and general cloud
compute. In 2026, it's already hitting
7% of the entire energy of the United
States goes into AI data centers. By
2030,
that's three years from now, it's going
to be 20% of the entire US energy is
going to be sucked into AI. By 2035,
projected 50%, which of course is
completely not sustainable and not even
possible. It just shows you what the
problem is. The problem is we are
absolutely
screwed here on the energy front. Energy
is becoming the central bottleneck for
the entire build out of AI for humanity
and therefore for progress itself.
Why is this so important? Because if you
become the bottleneck for progress
itself, for massive economic growth that
cannot happen because we cannot build
out compute fast enough, the economic
pressure and the strategic pressure on
solving this problem becomes
exponentially vast.
And guess who's coming to the rescue? If
you know anything about energy, before I
go into the rescue, I want to explain
the whole problem more in depth. Look at
this.
Gas turbines and gas plants are the only
way out of this tactically on a
three-year horizon because you can't
build any of the other plants. They
can't get online. They can't get the
energy there fast enough. Everything is
about gas plants.
But there is another giant bottleneck.
Now the bottleneck of energy trickles
down, expands into every single little
corner of the supply chain. Three
companies on earth gatekeep the AI
infrastructure built out three energy
companies GE ver Verova Zman's energy
and Mitsubishi power stretch to 2030 the
order books these are the three turbine
producers on earth this is complicated
stuff a turbine you can't you have to
buy it from them there is no other way
not even Elon can do it they need to
produce these turbines and they can't
they're booked out until 2030 turbine
prices have nearly tripled since 2019
being $600 per kilowatt by end of 2027.
So it's completely unhinged. It's
unhinged. We experienced the greatest
squeeze in energy ever. Okay. And they
go in on the turbine. It actually works.
You cannot buy a new G gas turbine. Let
that sink in. You cannot buy a new gas
turbine until 2030. Order books at GE
ZMANSI stretch to 2029.
tripled since 2019.
We have a giant energy problem.
This is why. And by the way, this
problem is not going to be solved
anytime soon. We are completely screwed.
We are stuck with this problem. This is
why space compute
space compute
is the solution to the problem. Space
compute solves the energy problem and in
a very very very big way. So here's what
James of Invest Answers actually posted.
Super great post. Space data centers are
coming.
Now we get to the next bottleneck. Space
compute solves the problem because in
space you have tremendous solar energy
potential. Solar energy is already
productive and efficient on Earth. In
space, it becomes five times more
productive because you have five times
more solar energy per day, per square
foot. In space, you have 247 sun. You
have 40% higher solar flux and so on and
so forth. You do not need batteries
because you have constant sun.
That means in space you get free and
massive solar energy. The entire math of
energy costs, the entire math of an
energy buildout is now transformed into
pure orbital lift cost math. You get
energy for free. Instead of building
these giant gas plants, super expensive
in instead of paying triple the price
for these gas turbines, you just need a
satellite in space. You get it all for
free. You don't pay lease. You don't pay
for space. Space in space is free. Space
in space is free because space has tons
of space
and it's three-dimensional. Space is
three-dimensional
for those of you who didn't know. So up
there you have a lot of stuff going on,
free stuff.
And the only cost that compares to the
buildout of power plants is now orbital
lift cost. But guess who comes to the
rescue and brings down or lift costs
from currently $25,000 per kilogram with
heavy fing
brings it down to $200 10x cut by
probably next year and then all the way
down to $10 per kilogram even though
let's see I I see it I believe it when I
see it but the $200 is already an
absolute gamecher and actually unlocks
$200 per kilogram by my math unlocks
complete shift shift of all AI built out
on Earth into space. My prediction is
this happens exactly next year. Not in
2029, not in 2030, in 2027. Next year
this thing will be ready. It's all a
function now of Starship lifting off,
coming back, lifting off again and have
multiple maybe 10, 20, 30, 100
relaunches.
That can happen next year. Of course, it
can get delayed, but it also could maybe
not get delayed.
Once that happens, the entire AI
buildout will move to space and we will
live through that transition from all
buildout going into space before 2030.
And that means when you do the math, the
number of starships you need, the number
of these things, this is Starship,
the number of these big fat things you
need as humanity, you need as the human
economy is exactly, and here comes the
number,
unlimited.
You need unlimited starships. If you had
a thousand starships and they, you know,
you and you launch a thousand of them
every single day because they come back
and you launch them again same day.
Maybe you launch two of them or the same
thing twice per day. I don't know if
that's possible. 2,000 launches, no
problem.
you if you had the capability of
launching 10,000 starships every single
day today
I would give it not more than 18 months
before you could fit from today 18
months end of 2027 before you had the
satellite technology completely
perfected for massive scale in space
that is what I'm telling you guys and
that is what people do not understand
this is not far away and what people
also don't understand is the amount
amount of strategic and economic
pressure
pressure on this thing.
Never forget if you unlock a new
economy, if you unlock something that
makes you unlimited money, humans are
very inventive. Humans are very fast.
People sometimes say humans are slow,
organizations are slow. That is a lie.
Look at history. Once the British
figured out or the Dutch that you can
make money by building ships, putting
cannon on it and taking other people's
land, they took over the entire planet
within like 50 years.
Think about that. Maybe 80 years. Back
in the days, they just figured, oh wait,
I can build a ship, go over there,
colonize a bunch of people, take their
stuff, but I could also build two ships
and do twice as much. Or I can build
2,000 ships and do 2,000 times that. And
they just did it because it was
unlimited. When they've discovered
America,
do you know how crazy the story of
America is? They discovered it. They
saw, oh, they have some beaver furs. I
don't know what they had. And timber,
but there's unlimited beaver furs and
unlimited timber. Why don't we build
unlimited ships? And within a hundred
years, they shipped over infinity humans
took over the whole thing because the
economics behind it were scalable. They
were obvious and they were cash in the
pocket. Once you have something like
this going on,
everything immediately changes. We have
we didn't have that for a long time,
a scenario like that. Since the Dutch
East India Company and since the
discovery of America, we it was rare
that we had these situations. Now we
have a situation like that only that
this time
it's infinitely larger than the United
States or the the the world that they
took over back then. Now we are talking
about infinity compute.
I can't like stress enough how crazy
this is.
And the craziest thing I just said it we
just had a recording with Herbert.
The craziest thing about my crazy theory
here that we have now infinity economics
is that people like the chief investment
officer of you know Fidelity private
equity that they understand that every
time I watch any of these guys talk
about SpaceX I was like these people
just understand what I'm saying. Do you
know how rare that is? All of all the
institutions understand the pitch. They
say yes we have Starship. It's a
monopoly. There's infinity demand.
There's infinity economic value to be
generated through AI satellites.
Give it a $2.2 trillion valuation. Do an
IPO. We buy everything we can because
there will be infinity returns.
That's exactly what's going to happen.
That never happened before. Not even
Optimus. I wasn't even as optimistic
on Optimus
because this is even Optimus needs to
like little things and then scale slowly
then who knows what's going to happen. I
mean, it's going to be great, don't get
me wrong, but this year is nuts. And you
will see now that this happened that
there will be more and more of these
companies. Not many, there aren't many.
But in the end,
here's exactly what's going to happen.
Google is not going to buy Elon's
satellites. Google is going to book
Starship and shoots up their own
satellites because they want to have
control over their own AI. Amazon, I
guarantee you, is going to strike a deal
with SpaceX very soon. You will hear the
exact same story with Amazon. Then you
will hear the exact same story with
Microsoft. Then you will hear maybe the
exact same story with Oracle. And then
that's it. Maybe with MA and that's it.
Maybe some Chinese. I don't know if
they're allowed to do that for the
Chinese from the American perspective.
And it will end up being four or five
hyperscalers.
SpaceX, Google, Anthropic, Amazon,
Microsoft, maybe Oracle
that will own space compute.
Now, of course, you could say, why is
Elon so stupid to give them even free
rides up to space? But Elon is not
stupid because Elon has to do that. Elon
knows it's a very bad look if he owns
the entire space compute. He does not
want to own the entire space computer.
That would make him a little evil
looking because he would then be the
master of the universe and totally
control human civilization. And it's
actually not smart to do that. It just
creates resentment. It's much smarter if
human civilization is owned by four
companies, not by one. And so I think
Elon does the right thing even though it
seem it's seemingly giving his
competition space compute but I think
it's a smart thing. You want a certain
diversity. You don't want to be the
total dictator of all AI. And so I can
my prophecy is Amazon is next. Oracle
Microsoft will follow. They will race to
space. They will try to build out their
space compute. We will have five or six
space clouds and they will scale into
infinity and that is that
the repercussions of the space build out
can't even be fathomemed right now. Also
we have to consider this is not owned by
this is not territory of the United
States or of China of anyone. This is a
lawfree zone. They can do whatever they
want. It is space and it's very hard to
legislate something into space because
how do you even determine who owns that
stuff? No. Like you can't say, "Oh, this
piece of space is now the United
States." No, that's not possible. So,
it's a wild wild time coming to us and
I'm very excited about it. You can also
see here is another little chart I want
to share. Uh in this chart we see that
SpaceX by Christian Kyle SpaceX is only
200 satellites away from having launched
as many satellites as the rest of the
world combined.
Look at this. Rest of the world launched
15,662
satellites in history and SpaceX has now
launched nearly as much and soon many
many many more. And that's not even AI
satellites.
So it's complete and utter domination.
There is zero competition. It is
literally as if you are in the great
time of colonization
or discovery of America and you would
have a monopoly on chips.
Literally starship. Imagine you would
have a monopoly on chips back there.
It's ridiculous.
Every head of state, every CEO of a mega
corporation has to now go to Elon and
ask for permission. Please give me some
space on the starship.
And that also means combined with the EI
compute buildout, infinity starships. We
will need a lot of money. We need to
merge Tesla into SpaceX. We need to
actually get the robo taxi cash flow in
2027 and 8, which will be hundreds of
billions of dollars. into SpaceX so they
can build infinity starships
because we will need them.
And before I wrap it up, just understand
from an investor, from a free cash flow
perspective, even from an economics
perspective, from the perspective of an
economist, it is extremely rare, if not
never the case, that you have a business
model like that. Every single satellite
you shoot into space with free energy
that runs for free in space will be a
cash cow of unprecedented proportions.
And what is better than having an
infinity cash cow?
I tell you the answer. Infinity infinity
cash cows.
If you shoot one satellite up and it
makes you a billion a year, maybe 100
million depending on the size, why not
shoot 10 up? If you shoot 10 up, why not
shoot a million up? If you shoot a
million up, why not shoot a 100 million
satellites up? And the answer is always
the same. There is no why not, just
scale.
Because the appetite,
the need for intelligence is by
definition unlimited. The more
intelligence you have, the more value
you create, the more rich everyone gets,
especially Elon, by the way, and Tesla
shareholders and SpaceX shareholders.
There is no end to this bonanza. It's
going to be crazy. The only end, of
course, is if ASI becomes conscious and
kills us all, which probably happens,
but that's a different story. Let's for
now assume we got it under control.
And as long as we have it under control,
the more compute we have, the more
abundance, the more economic power we
get. And that is the insane situation we
are in now. The insane situation. The
only thing more insane than the
situation is that nearly every Wall
Streeter who is involved in this IPO
seems to fully understand what I'm
saying. And I can't even tell you what
that means. That means trillions of
dollars are lining up to be pumped into
the greatest buildout that ever happened
and will ever happen probably. And we
are living through this which is nuts.
And so every Tesla shareholder who's now
complaining, "Oh, I don't want a merger.
I want Rootex here. I want the stock to
go up to a thousand before it merges."
Like, dudes, do you even know what's
going to happen? Forget a thousand.
Like, I'm happy with it. But that's a
different story. So that's what I wanted
to talk about. I conclude with Ron Baron
the genius. I love Ron Baron very smart
&gt;&gt; who is giving that little speech here
that bit about
&gt;&gt; why. Yeah. Let's let's talk about why
because like 70 billion of that would be
what what the public can actually buy
into. I think
&gt;&gt; 70 billion exactly right. In fact, right
after the offering, uh then they've
changed the rules so that five days
after the IPO is completed, there will
be uh one index in which it will be
included. 10 days, there will be another
index in which it's included. 15 days,
there will be another index in which
it's included.
&gt;&gt; You're talking about the NASDAQ index.
the uh the president of New York Stock
Exchange came, you know, when when I was
young, I drove an ice cream truck uh one
summer and maybe a summer and a half and
one of the things that was important to
me was I had to get my carnival bar ice
cream truck to the beach route before
Mr. Softy got there. And so you have so
so one of the guys in my office said and
the New York Stock Exchange president
wanted to come over and talk to me for
some advice. And my friend says, Pat
Palino, who's our chief operating
officer, said, "Do you ever think when
you're driving that ice cream truck that
the president of New York Stock Exchange
is going to come talk to you for advice?
Are you serious?" And and they said,
"Well, I was able to meet Mr. Softy to
where he was going and and and so so
&gt;&gt; he came to ask you for advice about
whether they should put that into the
index early." Well, she was telling me
about the different indexes, but she was
also uh hoping that they would list on
the New York Stock Exchange, and they
chose uh they chose NASDAQ.
&gt;&gt; I think they've chosen NASDAQ, which is
where all the uh technology companies
are. And she was saying that, you know,
there all these other things that she
could offer.
&gt;&gt; But that was part of the auction process
where the two exchanges were bidding it
up, saying, "Hey, we can offer to get
you into the index sooner."
&gt;&gt; I don't know. I I I think they've pretty
much decided that as a leading
technology company, they should be
listed on NASDAQ where all the other
large technology companies have been
listed. But uh but there are not there's
a lot. So what enabled this company is
him. Uh so he comes up with the idea
that you'll be able to launch a rocket
and reuse it and uh and no one ever did
that before and no other rocket company
was interested in doing that because if
they did then what would happen is that
there would not be a demand for as many
rockets. So nobody wanted to do this and
and they always said it was impossible.
They said it was impossible because
nobody tried
&gt;&gt; and when they did try it takes no
nobody's been able to accomplish it. So
that's what enabled this. That's what
enabled us to have Starlink and Starlink
after you have that uh and we have the
Falcon 9 uh then that brings up and
comes back then we decided hey wait
there's a demand for in space uh data
centers and having instead of having
data centers on our planet where it's
very very difficult to get the governor
won in New Jersey because she said our
electricity bills are too high we're
going to stop this data center
construction making our electricity
bills go up her roommate when she was in
Congress Congress is the is a candidate
for governor in Virginia. She won. Same
same idea. So So here you have people
who are saying
&gt;&gt; not in my backyard.
&gt;&gt; That's the deal.
&gt;&gt; And nobody wants it in their backyard.
So send
&gt;&gt; I would have thought they would like it
because it would pay taxes, but the
people don't like it because um you have
not enough jobs and because their
electricity bills are going up and the
water usage too.
&gt;&gt; Water is short and electricity is a
problem.
&gt;&gt; And the water you need for cooling which
you don't need in space,
&gt;&gt; right? You don't need the cooling in
space. number one, as long as you have
giant radiators and then electricity,
which is a huge cost. You don't need
that either because you're using the
sun. So basically, you're getting free
sun, free electricity and free cooling
once you get into space. And so now
because of the idea of going to space,
we've now developed the Starship. And
the Starship once that works is going to
be 100 times as power, you know, 100 uh
I guess it's 200 tons that they could
bring to space. And now the Falcon 9
brings I think 17 or 18 tons to space.
So huge unlock is coming from Starling.
&gt;&gt; There you have it.
That was the great
uh Ron Baron. And there you have exactly
the whole story that is unfolding before
our eyes. That is what we had to discuss
today. And let's see the comments. Do we
have any smart comments here? Let's make
it big. I have a new background. Um,
he meant all indices. Indexes. Indices.
Uh,
let's see. What do you guys think? Are
you pumped?
This is
I rarely pay fees, but I have little
inrons partner funds. Nice. Good job.
Uh yeah so this is truly
transformational. I love the situation
that we are looking at here. That will
be a very very big buildout. Uh I will
have more coming a little bit more
analysis on the question what does it
all mean for the for the IPO and for
Tesla and the merger and everything and
this big debate we had with rebellionire
on X. Are we getting screwed as Tesla
shareholders with this merger? Is it
happening when, you know, Tesla is so
close to scaling robo taxi and boosting
our stocks into the stratosphere? No pun
intended.
Or is it all does it matter because we
get into the hottest company that ever
existed, which is SpaceX?
How do we think about that? And I shared
my my perspective on that. I think I'm
totally relaxed on this thing. I am
riding Tesla as high as I can, but when
it merges with SpaceX, I'm excited about
the next chapter.
I think it's marginal the difference
between trying to time the merger,
trying to push Tesla into waiting until
next year versus this year. Who cares?
We have a beautiful future in front of
us, enormous and ridiculous gains for
all of us. So, I don't see any problem
with this whole situation and I'm very
excited about what happens next. So, I
hope that was interesting. If more
coming tomorrow, stay tuned. Crazy
things are happening.
See you then.