Channel:     cernbasher
Title:       The Math Behind Cybercab's Real Cost Per Mile
URL:         https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uAAFZK2GH5g
Published:   2026-09-15 12:00 UTC
Fetched:     2026-09-15 13:00 UTC

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

If the car gets dinged and Tesla can get
it out within an hour and Whimo takes
two days, then there's another set of
advantages. So all these things matter
in terms of the design of the car. So
the first thing to think about is uh
this is a robotaxi account here saying
this is the most efficient production EV
ever. The efficiency is what will make
Cyber one of the lowest cost per mile
modes of transport. And I think most
people would read that and say okay that
sounds good. You know, a more efficient
vehicle. Great. The economic
implications of this Herbert actually
are pretty pretty amazing. So if we just
go to the next page um just to let's
take a look at some of the specs. So
this is from both Nick Cruz Patane and
Sawyer Merritt. So the Cyber Cab has a
wider front than the rear. So the uh the
teardrop shape gives it a drag
coefficient under 0.2 which is very very
low. Okay. So, it's the most efficient
production EV ever certified at 165 W
hours per mile. And it's the first Tesla
that's front-wheel drive. By the way,
all those statements, those in those two
short paragraphs have economic
implications to them, and we'll we'll
unpack that in a minute. And in Sawyer's
post, you know, he shows the different
vehicles and the screen size, and that's
all great. Uh he's got the battery
capacity there at 47.6 kwatt hours, uh
6.1 m per kilowatt hour, and so on, and
the weight of the vehicle, and all these
different specs. And then Elon uh piped
up and commented and says the degree to
which cyber cab is optimized for lowest
possible cost per mile fully loaded is
understood by very few. And so I thought
I understood it. I wrote a post about
it.
&gt;&gt; Mhm.
&gt;&gt; And I even replied to Elon with that
post. Not not that I expected him to see
it, but then I thought about it some
more and I think I've come to understand
even more about what he's mentioning
here.
&gt;&gt; So today we're going to go over some of
that post and then also some some
further thoughts about it. So if you
think about what Tesla's trying to do
here, right, they're yes, they want to
produce a cheap vehicle, absolutely, but
that's not really the exact objective.
The objective is to how cheaply can the
cyber cab produce revenue generating
passenger miles over its entire economic
life. It's a bit like saying, you know,
reusable rockets are better than
throwaway ones, obviously. Now, bring it
back to the automobile world. A vehicle
that lasts longer is obviously better
than one that lasts for a short period
of time. And if you needed to spend
maybe a little bit more money to create
a vehicle that could last a long time,
would that be a good trade-off? And
that's kind of what we're getting at
here.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, I've seen a comparison where uh
they said, "Okay, how for if you had $1
million, how many cyber caps would that
buy and how many Whimos would it buy?" I
think it I can't remember exactly now. I
think it would buy 55 cyber cabs and
like nine Whimos. But now you stop and
think about it. Well, each cyber cab is
equivalent to three Whimos in p in
service because it doesn't have to go
and charge. But if you then add on top
of that what you're going to say to me,
what if this cyber cab lasts twice as
long? Instead of 5 years, it lasts 10
years. The same the same product, the
same thing. So it's no longer just
30,000 for one car. It's 30,000 for two
cars because Whimo will be out of
service within five years and then they
have to replace it. If you think about
Hertz, they always replace all their
cars within 3 years because they get
banged up so much, they get used so
much, you can't keep using that, so they
get rid of it, you know? So that I think
that that's a big whoa, that's even
more.
&gt;&gt; And that's just maybe half of it. The
other half or other big part of it is
the ongoing operating costs. Does Tesla
have an advantage in charging cost? Do
they have an advantage in cleaning cost?
Can they do it cheaper than Whimo? Does
Tesla have an advantage in repair cost?
Is it easier to repair and replace a
panel on a cyber cab than it is a Whimo?
If the car gets dinged and Tesla can get
it out within an hour and Whimo takes
two days, then there's another set of
advantages. So all these things
&gt;&gt; matter in terms of the design of the
car. Mhm.
&gt;&gt; And if you [clears throat] could design
a car, for example, so that you could
just take a panel off and put a new one
on in mere minutes, wouldn't that be
valuable across a fleet of tens of
millions of vehicles? All these things
are are are critical. So again, the
point here is that the lowest cost of
goods sold, it's great to build a
lowcost vehicle, but that's not the
objective. It's the lowest lifetime
cost, and that's really what we're going
for here, right? So Tesla is not just
looking to produce a cheap car and sell
it and get it out of the factory and
turn around and make another one. That's
not what this is about for them. They're
going to be operating these vehicles.
They want to produce a vehicle that
lasts as long as possible and can
operate as cheaply and as efficiently as
possible. So the durability here becomes
a key part of the equation. Okay. So
this is again a situation where if you
spend more money at the fat tree
initially, you might get multiples of
that later on. So here's an example.
Herbert, let's look at a at a a scenario
here. You've got a CyberCev fleet and
you're you're you're Tesla and you're
entering a city and let's say that you
think that city has a need for a billion
passenger miles over a period of time.
Pick the time period, doesn't matter.
Okay? If you have a fleet of vehicles
that lasts 300,000 miles, then you need
3,333
vehicles to [snorts] serve that billion
passenger mile capacity or or demand
amount that you're planning for. But
what happens if your fleet can last for
500,000 miles instead of 300,000? Then
you only need 2,000 vehicles.
Okay? And of course, if you keep going
out to the right and you get to a
million mile battery or even a million
and a half mile battery, the fleet size
drops dramatically. Okay? So, let's just
put some numbers to that just to make it
really clear. Let's say again for this
billionm capacity that you're designing
for this fleet for at a $30,000 vehicle,
it would cost you $100 million to get
that fleet of 3,333
vehicles that we had on the previous
slide. Okay. Now you say, okay, what
happens if we have an opportunity at the
factory level to do something to this
vehicle or a whole bunch of things to
this vehicle so that we get 500,000
miles out of it? Then your cost, even
though you spent, let's say, $3,000 more
per vehicle, now your cost is 33,000.
Your total cost for your fleet of
vehicles that is serving a pack capacity
of 1 billion miles is only $66 million.
You had a $34 million savings by
spending more on every vehicle, but yet
getting an extra 200,000 miles of life
out of them over the long term. Th this
is where the rubber meets the road here.
You know, we we like to talk about cents
per mile, but but look at it at any kind
of scale. And this is, by the way, a
small scale, but look at the dollar
savings that we're talking about here.
And then further, let's just say that
you you you did find a way to get that
vehicle to have a million mile lifetime.
Then your uh fleet cost of only a,000
vehicles that's needed is a mere $33
million. You've saved 67%
by taking the time at the factory level
in the design process to make this
vehicle more efficient. So everybody's
always like, "Oh my gosh, Tesla's taken
forever to come out with Cyber Cab. This
has been ridiculous. You know, the stock
could have done so much better if they
would have produced another vehicle."
Well, here's where the payback is
coming, Herbert. The time and the care
and attention that they took over the
last few years to design this vehicle
the way they have is going to pay back
in spades in the future years. This is
where the light bulb really went off for
me.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. And and and what you've just
pointed out here was that uh everybody
kept saying, "Okay, uh Whimo is $120,000
per vehicle. Tesla can make it for
$30,000 a vehicle." In fact, Tesla could
make it for $20,000 vehicle. They can
make less. That's actually not their
goal. Their goal is not $30,000. It's or
lower. No, no, no. It's a trade-off
between maybe I'll pay I'll instead of
30,000 I'll make the car worth 40,000
but that 40,000 vehicle can last a
million miles that Whimo can only last
for 300,000 miles.
&gt;&gt; Yeah,
&gt;&gt; that's equivalent to three times that
40,000. So actually 40,000 divided by
three in equivalent it was 20,000 per
car because it's like equivalent to
three cars because if it can go for a
million miles instead of 300,000 miles.
That's what you're saying. And so in
some cases they cut cost, eliminate
things, but in some cases they added to
it. Uh
&gt;&gt; like like I always like saying, why not
add more battery?
Uh they could, but it would add more
weight and that would reduce the cost
per mile. And then um you know this is
just these are choices. But at the end
of the day, they're looking for
something that's going to last a long
time, not just So are we not close to a
million? I've heard some people tell me
that that is a possibility at this
point. Useful mile.
&gt;&gt; I think so. And some people have even uh
speculated that we could be at a million
and a half. I'm not sure that I would be
willing to go out that far. I've showed
some of the numbers in that in that
case. But Tesla clearly is very
confident about the half million.
&gt;&gt; Yeah,
&gt;&gt; we have seen older Teslas that have
gone, you know, a million miles. Um are
these new batteries at least that good,
if not better? Perhaps. I understand
that these cyberc cab batteries were
designed in a way that does allow them
to last longer because you don't need
rapid acceleration out of these
batteries.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; Therefore, you should get a benefit of
longer life.
&gt;&gt; So, yeah, they purposely shut down how
fast this thing can go. Like I think it
doesn't go over 85 miles an hour or
something like that. And uh the you know
the the the wheels are designed so that
it's it's not to go fast like speed
forward fast. And then because you do
that so well, like versus just a buying
a regular car out there. That car was
optimized for, you know, me wanting to
have a car that I can feel like I can
pump it, but this car is optimized for
long life.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Yeah. Um, let's look at again just
from a cents per mile standpoint. So,
this is kind of at a fleet level. This
is what everybody's used to sort of
looking at in in terms of cyber cab and
robo taxi. So, at a 300,000 mile vehicle
life, a $30,000 vehicle cost you 10
cents a mile on the on the cost for the
to produce that vehicle or or the cost
to purchase that vehicle, however you
want to look at it. And if you spend an
extra $3,000 in the factory, that goes
to 11 cents per mile. But you're not
necessarily jumping up the curves,
you're also going to the right. And so
that 10 cents effectively, if you get
now get a 500,000 mile vehicle, you're
actually looking at 6.6 cents per mile
&gt;&gt; versus Yeah.
&gt;&gt; Right. versus the 10. And of course, if
if it's even more than what we're saying
and we're just talking about that, what
happens if it's a million miles vehicle
lifetime, then you're looking at 3.3
cents per mile on the cost of the
vehicle. [snorts]
Very significant. Now, there seems to be
some diminishing returns there, but
multiply this over millions, tens of
millions, maybe 100 million vehicles,
it's some serious money.
&gt;&gt; Mhm.
&gt;&gt; Okay. And serious capital savings that
you have to put out to get a return on
that on that investment. So if you can
reduce that upfront capital investment,
that makes it much more attractive
financially, both to you as the producer
and the operator of the fleet, and also
to potential investors that maybe want
to build their own fleets or finance
fleets. So there's a whole ecosystem
here that could be created around this.