Channel:     jobhakdi
Title:       Tesla Stock, Trump, Elon And China - The Great WINNING Has Started
URL:         https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=x6wU3nQXmKQ
Published:   2026-05-13 18:47 UTC
Fetched:     2026-05-14 01:00 UTC

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Peace is breaking out and President
Trump is visiting Xi Jinping and China
and got a tremendous welcome. More
importantly than that, Trump also, by
the way, I've never seen a welcome like
that right at the tarmac. He gets out of
the plane and you have all these Chinese
waving American Chinese flags. It's a
huge welcome. I think that signals a
lot. I think it signals that USChina
relations are at the brink of being
renewed and reinvigorated
and that is very interesting. We also
saw in this great visit that Trump is
coming with a whole bunch of very
important people and among these
important people are of course this is
what the Washington Post put together.
Very interesting. Our favorite Elon is
right here staring right into the camera
watching the Washington Post, the fake
news. So you see some very interesting
things. That's when they come down the
plane and you see a little bit the
pecking order in the US government. It
is Trump followed by some family members
followed by Elon Musk. Behind Elon Musk,
Secretary of State Marco Rubio, behind
him, Secretary of Defense, behind him,
US Trade Representative for China. And
behind him, Yensen Huang. That is not to
take away anything from Yensen who's
amazing. You have to understand this is
an official US delegation to the most
important second country. the second
most important country or the most
important country if you are the United
States in the world, China. And that is
who you bring. That is who you bring.
Trump established that for the first
time ever that you have these huge state
visits like to the Arab nations and you
bring the most important people for
American power which are not your
secretary.
It is these guys that actually control
that actually control uh the American
economy more and more and American the
future American economy. So it is very
interesting how this goes and I think
it's a sign of our times what's
happening here and we see now that this
is very good for everyone probably
including China but also we are going to
get into that a little bit more in a
second. It's also good for stocks of
course when you look at the stock market
and you see what's happening
very good NASDAQ up 1.26% 26%. I'm not
saying it's because of that, but it's
all connected. We see Tesla, of course,
another glorious day. After a little
scare in the beginning, after a tough
day yesterday, after an amazing day
before, Tesla is on an absolute run up.
As I told everyone, it's going to
happen. We going to 490. We are not
there yet, but we are closing in.
Yesterday, a little breather. Today, up
again significantly, 3%.
We are wreaking in the alpha as you all
know we only have it from last week you
know we were up tremendously year to
date 36% up with the Pioneer Alpha
portfolio we have a tremendous
uh tremendous alpha over Tesla 43%
beating Tesla and beating of course
everyone else all the benchmarks so all
of that very good and we continue this
runup with the stock I change nothing
with my prediction to that We back going
back to 490. I explained it all. But but
how is this all connected and what does
this mean? This very important picture
here when we take a step back and think
about what is actually happening on the
macro level. That is very important for
us. Of course, we are seeing Iran being
wound down. The conflict is effectively
over because neither Iran nor the United
States can afford continuing it. And I
disagreed with President Trump on the
whole Iran operation and so did a ton of
people who were Trump supporters who
said this is not funny. Stop it. I don't
blame Trump at all. I think in the end
he did the right thing in the large
scheme of things. It's over. It's fine.
We get over it. And now we are back to
winning. And you can feel the relief of
President Trump that he doesn't have to
deal with this complete mess anymore.
You can feel the relief. He's talking
about remigration and winning big where
he has the support of the entire western
world of the people of the western
world, not of all the leaders. He pushed
back on the UN migration madness. And so
he's now back on track. He's back to
winning. This is very important.
Regardless of you, how close you are,
how much of a supporter or not supporter
of Trump you are, we need the animal
spirits back. And I can feel the surge
in the market. People say, "Finally,
it's over. Let's go back to business.
Let's go back to what Trump and his
people do best, global trade deals,
powering the American economy, ideally
also partnering with other people. That
doesn't mean we don't need some tariffs
here and there.
It's important to do it for America, but
also create strong partnerships. And
this is extremely bullish here. Yensen
and Elon leading that whole thing from
the business perspective, from the
business community getting absolute
absolute first row seats to this
tremendous state visit as we can see
here. And I think that
signals
multiple things. First of all, you don't
bring the most important leaders of
America, the most important business
leaders. And there's a whole range of
additional leaders by the way not just
Yensen and Elon but also Tim Apple as we
call him uh and a lot of other leaders
are coming with that doesn't happen if
there are not great deals already
prepared. Okay. You don't go with all
that entourage to Xi Jinping if this is
a contested visit, if this is a
problematic visit. You only do it if you
have the deals lined up. you do it if we
all know there's good news coming out of
that. And I'm not just narrowly talking
about Tesla. Obviously, there's a lot of
bullish things happening with Tesla and
China. Obviously, a trade deal or a deal
in general with China is very important
for Tesla mostly in my opinion because
of Optimus supply chains. Humanoid
robots and Optimus are hugely dependent
on China. China has probably the
majority of the supply chain for
optimist is in China very high tariffs
other problems a trade war would be very
bad for Tesla robots
so that is bullish but it's also about
other Elon companies
well right now still other soon maybe
not anymore SpaceX one of the biggest
questions in my mind for example is
Starship Starship has an effective
monopoly on scaled mass to orbit. Okay,
we see Elon already opening up Starship
to his competitors Google, Anthropic,
soon Amazon, mark my words, and Oracle,
Microsoft, and Meta, the other
hyperscalers, will do big deals with
Starship to also start the orbital AI
buildout. The elephant in the room for
me is what about China?
And I don't know the answer, by the way.
I haven't thought this through. It's a
little bit out of my range of expertise.
I can maybe learn up and make it my
expertise, but maybe you guys can tell
me in the comments what you think. Will
Starship be allowed to be used by
Chinese hyperscalers?
How would that even work? It's a
national security issue, but it would be
a huge gesture towards China to allow
them to partake in the in the space
race. The space race is not just lift
off lift capability. Of course, Elon has
cornered the entire market and all of
humanity has to ask Elon for permission
to go to space, which is insane when you
think about it. But let's assume you get
the permission of Elon. The buildout of
infrastructure in space will not be just
SpaceX. It's also very important that
it's not just SpaceX because it would be
dangerous for everyone. It would be
dangerous for humanity. It would be
dangerous for Elon. It would be bad
because you get in the end attacked. So
it's very smart that Elon broadens
broadens the competition in space. He
has to greenlight every competitor of
himself. He has to say, "Google, you're
allowed to have your orbital AI. Amazon,
you're allowed. Anthropic, you're
allowed, even though XAI also wants it."
A very wise move. But will they allow
China? Will they allow China to also use
Starship? a very important question that
I can't I think it would be smart to
allow it but at the same time would be
weird to allow China to shoot into space
you know military satellites that are of
course designed against the United
States with Starship that's a little
weird so I don't know how to draw the
line and how this all works and what the
policy will be so I have no
no high confidence prediction or opinion
on this I'm just find it extremely
interesting as a question. If you don't
allow China, that's of course very
problematic for China. If you allow
China, well, where's the where's the
limit? Where's the border between
national security problems and just
allowing everyone to compete? So, very
interesting because Earth, as much as I
love Earth, as much as everyone thinks
about you, United States versus China
versus whatever Iran, this is all not
important. What will be much more
important is space. That's where the
action is. That's where the money is.
That's where the power is. This will
shift dramatically over the next decade.
So that will be probably part of the
discussion. Maybe we don't hear the
results, but it will be very
interesting. By the way, don't you find
it very interesting that the Department
of Defense, the Department of War, By
the way, why is it the defense
secretary, not the war secretary? Isn't
it wrong? It's probably wrong. Why is he
coming to China? That's very
interesting.
Isn't that all very interesting? So that
is happening. I find that very
fascinating. This whole state visit. I
also have uh I have exclusive footage
exclusive footage
uh from that only I have. I have my
contacts in China where they actually
caught caught the most important people
hanging out a little bit more casually
and we got that secret video here I want
to show you guys. Super great, super
grateful that I got that exclusive
footage from Trump, Elon, and Xi Jinping
hanging out for dinner. So, watch this.
It's amazing. Look at this.
Look at this.
&gt;&gt; It's great. The best night market. The
food is amazing. Cheers to that. They're
hanging out at the night market.
It's great.
&gt;&gt; Amazing that you got this footage. It's
good to see these guys in
you really see that. Normally they're
all, you know, it's ties. Here you see
the real
having fun. Elon is smoking a joint. Tim
Apple drinking beer. So, thank you for
my Chinese spies to
shoot that footage. Very interesting
stuff. So, that is going on. I am pretty
excited of what is to come. I think this
whole thing
signals growth, signals positivity, and
of course on the on the Tesla side, we
have a lot of things going on every
single day. We are churning out cyber
caps today. 70 spotted by the great Joe
Techmeer. Uh 70 of these cyber caps. So
we are ramping and ramping and ramping.
And whoever thinks that doesn't mean
anything is probably wrong.
Okay, before we go to uh the comments,
we take one last look at the stock. Look
at this. Stock is doing well. I have no
concerns. I think we are on track to
think the 5day look we went all the way
up here from 44. We will continue that
run up if the NASDAQ continues. But the
NASDAQ is also doing very healthy. So
before we go into the discussion and
comments and see what you guys have to
say. Also one quick announcement.
We have an important update for all of
you guys who are Pioneer Alpha investors
or qualified investors with an account.
We have a new thing here in my little
mock account. We have a new thing here
in your account when you go to
pioneeralpha.org and log in. You need to
be a qualified investor. You know the
whole shebang. If you are, you know, an
investor or interested, we have now
weekly live sessions with me. But that's
not to ask random questions, right?
These sessions are for investors or for
those who are interested in it. So we
can have a discussion address all
questions and we have a one no one too
many but it's a Google hangout where we
can discuss all questions around Tesla
plus 50 our beautiful new bond
uh here you can also see do we have that
here actually no uh the growth 45 and so
on and so forth and you can just ask me
any question you want so feel free to go
here click on the RSVP P you see also
the future weekly meetings here just
RSVP you see your time uh here we have
to add AM and PM right now it's European
time so it's like 9 9 0 means 9 in the
morning at night it would be 2100
so just do that and
I see you there
okay so let's go to some questions and
see what while we watching Tesla stock
doing doing its thing. What do we have
here?
Do we have any
interesting questions?
Elon was smoking a cigarette, not a
joint. True. I didn't uh I don't know.
Maybe it was a joint. Maybe it was a
hidden joint.
The order coming down the stairs is
important. This is all care carefully
choreographed and scripted on both
sides. Exactly. Kazad
Delis Fortworth. Um, exactly. So, don't
think in a state visit like that,
everyone just runs down these Air Force
One stairs and there's no thought put
into that. This is like choreograph.
This means something.
Bla1 Hudson 2147 asks, "Are you
expecting Tesla to drop again before
moving higher or just move higher from
here?" Well, I had a commentator
yesterday, just one. I had of course
many hundreds on my ex, but one was
saying, "Joe, looking pretty bad for you
because it went down today." So, when I
say straight for mean don't take
this to slow down. We had a huge run up.
I think we are going slower up, which
means 10 up, 10 down, 15 up, five down.
Something like that. we unless something
happens. So I think the closer you get
to the target the less suspense is there
and the more difficult it becomes unless
we have catalyst but right now I'm just
talking about what happens now. So, I
expect this to creep up. If he go down,
have a retracement, I'm on my short
puts, you know the whole story. Uh, I'm
just going to hold through, derisk.
Yesterday, I had to derisk a little bit.
I took off like 20% of the table and
then went in again because I have to be
cautious not to be caught too much on
the downside.
Uh, oh my god, that was so AI. Really?
You think there was AI? My China spy
video. This was completely real. Uh Joe,
is it possible AR4 is not sufficient for
unsupervised and all cyber caps until
AR5 are used for validation testing etc.
No, good question, David. When you
listen to the earnings call between the
lines, what Elon actually said, he was
crystal clear AI5 is not required for
fully unsupervised.
Uh, so AI5 will be a big boost. But he
clearly he he was very explicit is not
needed. So AI4 is sufficient.
I see folks here untamed feast is saying
I see folks saying a merger too soon
would be bad for long-term Tesla holders
those of us that don't have SpaceX stock
your thoughts I had a video on that my
response to rebellion go my ex but also
on my YouTube I have the rebellionary
response I have a different opinion I am
very relaxed on this very relaxed I
think it's fine because we have market.
Uh, we have market transparency, market
discovery, price discovery.
Of course, I don't think Tesla is
necessarily fairly priced, but why would
SpaceX be fairly priced? So, I think
bottom line, it's not that important,
and I'm fine with whatever they decide.
Sometimes you don't have to be too much
of an artist, even though that's hard
for some of us, including me. But
sometimes you have to tr I know it's I
sound stupid, but sometimes you have to
trust Elon, for example.
They're not going to screw over Tesla
shareholders. It's just not going to
happen.
Okay.
Hi Joe. Julian
Cullescu.
Crettolescu.
Hi Joe. Do you think Tesla will drop
tomorrow or stay roughly flat? I'm
considering selling a two-day
ah my this always jumps my chat. A
two-day call expiring on May. Oh, I'm
not into
I don't like the risk, the upside risk
right now. You might get lucky, but this
is a game of luck. Shortterm
call short selling right now in this
runup. I wouldn't do it.
Um
hereas
Dallas Fortworth. I I think DFW means
Dallas Fort Worth, but I'm not sure in
the name. I was watching this and it
makes me happy. I'm a white American and
will be in China at the end of May. I
want to have a good China US
relationship. Me too. We can only win.
Uh we can see on Nvidia's case that the
China using Starship is not likely but
maybe in form of some kind of knowledge
sharing. Yeah, it's going to be
interesting. I don't know.
I don't know. It's going to be very
interesting the whole not just China by
the way. What about Europe? What about
Russia? Like you know who can use
Starship? How is this going to work?
It's going to be very interesting.
Uh
MDQ1QL.
These are difficult names. How SpaceX
and Tesla merger will happen. Is it
going to be even one Tesla share per one
SpaceX share? Well, we had this debate
me and Herbert and also Alexander Mertz
wrote something up something amazing
like the whole process and what she sees
is coming. I think when I think it
through I think it is unlikely that
Tesla will have the majority share of
the merger. Okay. So, we can reason from
there. So, it's going to be one-on-one
or Tesla less than 50%. Tesla less than
50% I think is problematic because that
pisses off the Tesla investors. I think
there is a magnetic effect towards
one-on-one and I will have a video on
that what that strategically means
because I think there is a magnetic pull
towards a onetoone merger and that of
course is very interesting for price
discovery very interesting for the
effect on the stock
for example if Tesla right now is 1.3
trillion or 1.4 4 trillion and SpaceX is
going to be 2.2 trillion in June or
whenever the IPO IPO is. It means we
have a magnetic effect for Tesla stock
completely outside the fundamentals
that Tesla could approximate the same
amount the same market cap as SpaceX if
that is the logic and everyone is
convinced that we have a merger. That's
very interesting.
What are we hoping comes out of this
trip for Tesla? Well, I as I said
before, I think the main question for me
is Optimus. I want Optimus supply chains
that are extremely China dependent to be
safe. I want the best possible terms. If
we have big tariffs on China from Trump,
maybe we get exceptions for everything
robot related. Who knows? What we want
is that Tesla can operate freely. Tesla
can sell into China. Maybe more
importantly for Tesla, Tesla can export
out of China into the United States with
as little tariffs as possible. Now, of
course, as an American, you know, you
might say, "But tariffs are good for
America." I understand, but as a Tesla
shareholder, we don't want the tariffs
on Tesla. So, whatever we can do to free
up the Tesla pipeline,
and of course, that is why Tesla is such
an amazing opportunity because Elon gets
like, just let that sink in. Let that
sink in.
There is an enormously important state
visit of the United States president to
meet the Chinese president and the first
dude who walks down the stairs behind
Trump is Elon Musk. That means
something.
Uh Jay says Optimus seems year away
though. No, I had a video on that. We
know. We know. It was leaked in December
by Tesla Ming. Very important man or
woman. I don't even know. my spy in
China. Just kidding. It's not mine.
Tesla Ming is a powerful exa that
provides us with tremendously important
information from China.
And it was leaked that the Chinese
suppliers for Optimus are preparing
70,000
units plus supply chain readiness for
this year. That doesn't mean we get
70,000 Optimus, but it we means we go
into mass production this year. And that
is as safe as cybercap because these are
capex and commitments right that have to
happen
optimus versus terapab yeah terra fab I
don't know the exact supply chain
structure there but that's another thing
exactly
I can see myself owning 100 optimus
robots in 2035 100 what is your plan
endo are you creating an army 100 is a
lot that's more than you need to
more the lawn.
So this is all happening
here. Ice Wendyo says China and Honda I
didn't know that China and Honda
in Japan are developing rockets that can
land. They're still years behind SpaceX,
but still
uh sure it's like Blue Origin is
probably the number two maybe with the
Chinese government rocket. They are like
at the absolute minimum 5 years behind.
I think much more than 5 years to
actually get to Starship. So there Elon
truly cornered
not just the market like the the
universe. Elon cornered the universe
with Starship. It's ridiculous.
Um
here do you think Tesla will provide any
press releases if there are any deals
commitments agreed to on this trip?
Maybe. But I think most of that stuff
will be secret
uh or just communicated like that. I
hope there will be a good outcome so my
ELF and AMD will pump more. Sure. We all
hope that. Good chance. Obviously, I got
ambition to achieve more than just
luxury. Uhoh, watch Ando. Watch Ando.
Ando is already planning takeover. He
wants 100 Optimus robots
to do something for him.
When will I be able to watch Netflix
while I use FST?
That's a good question.
That will be a big deal when Tesla
allows that.
Uh, Starship engine is quite something
as well. I totally agree. Uh, when do
you see Elon creating a new business?
Hopefully something cool like, but I
think Elon is pretty busy if you ask me.
If I was Elon, I wouldn't start new
businesses because he will build a Dyson
sphere. That's, you know, you need a lot
of attention on that. We need Terraab.
We need thousands or tens of thousands,
and I'm not kidding. We need tens of
thousands of Starships as quickly as
possible. We need massive chips, even
though that's not that important. Other
people can do that. But we need all
these starships. And then we need to put
our sights on the moon and create a
manufacturing base on the moon. That's a
major operation. You guys might think
it's easy. It's not easy, but it's
important. Once you are once you
manufacture the EI satellites on the
moon, boom, completely game over.
So Tesla stock dropping a little bit. I
think we have reached the end of that of
this exciting little update. I do more
live sessions now. It's a little easier
uh to not stress my editor too much. So,
I hope you found that interesting. If
you just joined, don't forget if you are
an investor in Pioneer Alpha or you are
interested, go to your Pioneeralpha.org
org account because we have a new
feature here where we have twice a week
a live meeting with all the investors
and interested investors only qualified
investors by the way not retail you can
look it all up um but I just want to
announce this here if you're already in
here go to your account and you can
schedule the meetings it's important for
us to see you know how many people are
in each meeting uh and then you can ask
any questions you want about the bonds I
just want to mention that so everyone
knows about it. Um but other than that
we will continue beating the market
watching Tesla as expected a little
drop. I said if this thing ends between
440 and 450 this week I win bigly very
bigly. If it ends up above 450 obviously
I win too. But I prefer it slow and
steady. That gives me maximum
maximum alpha.
When you look at my strategy, by the
way, if I have a directional the thesis,
rapid rises, if I'm on a short put
strategy, are not the best scenario for
me. Maximum alpha is sideways and up.
That's where I absolutely destroy Tesla
as a benchmark. If it goes up super
steep, hard to keep up. And if it drops,
I also beat it. I beat it in most
scenarios. If it drops dramatically, h
it's getting a little nasty for me. So,
don't do that, Tesla. Don't drop to 300.
That would be bad for me. So,
I hope that was interesting. You got
something out of it. Know the latest
about China.
And I see you very soon, latest
tomorrow. So, take care. Watch Tesla.
But the United States winning bigly,
maybe China wins, too. I'm all for it.
And we go from here.