Channel:     munrolive
Title:       First Drive: Nissan e-POWER Hybrid System
URL:         https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=y9fYBbjUpwU
Published:   2026-04-30 16:55 UTC
Fetched:     2026-04-30 18:00 UTC

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Hi, welcome and roll live. I'm Paul
Turbull. Uh we're here in Farmington
Hills, Michigan at uh Nissan's
headquarters. And uh we had a chance to
drive this uh was going to be the Nissan
Rogue with the hybrid e- power system.
And we have uh Kurt here with us to Can
you tell us a little bit about what
makes this e- power system a different
way to do a hybrid?
&gt;&gt; Yeah. So the the big uh difference with
this system as opposed to other systems
that are typically seen in the US market
is that this is a series hybrid. What
that means is the wheels are purely
motor driven. There is no mechanical
connection between the gas engine on
board and the wheels. So what that does
for the customer is deliver a smooth EV
like driving fuel without the need to
plug it in and with the convenience of
going to a gas station to fill it up
with fuel.
&gt;&gt; So this is new to the US but Nissan's
been uh working on this and has it in
has had it in the market for how long?
Yes. So, the Nissan uh e- power system
first debuted in Japan um in 2016 on the
the Note, the Nissan uh note e- power.
Uh the big difference between that
system and what this third gen system
will include is uh a 5in-1 e- power
modular unit. Um the big benefit there
is the uh reduced mass, the modularity
of it and the increased efficiency. And
and the reason why that's so crucial for
the US is that we have higher driving
speeds here, higher payloads, um longer
road trip driving scenes, which those
firstg systems just would not have been
able to deliver uh for a US customer.
&gt;&gt; And at Monroe, we we're big on uh the
whole idea of integrating everything
together, eliminating all the cables and
extra brackets that you have everywhere
all the vehicle. there. Those are just
opportunities for things to go wrong.
Um, so put it all together in one system
and you're going to have the highest
quality and the lowest trouble.
So, love to see that. One of the things
that uh we experienced in the car is
there's almost no uh NBH, no noise as
the engine starts. uh very seamless and
definitely that the fact that it's
completely disconnected from the drive
line felt like there's like no torque
bump at all in as the engine starts.
Also, the the calibration allowed it to
change speeds as the vehicle was
changing speeds. So, it didn't sound
odd like a like it didn't sound like a a
variable speed transmission or
something. So is that something that's
going to be in the the rogue when
&gt;&gt; Yes, absolutely. Yeah, those elements
were crucial to uh bringing this
technology to market like you mentioned.
Uh a lot of times customers are probably
driving hybrids and they're used to uh
as speed increases or as RPMs increase
as we traditionally know from a a
conventional transmission setup um that
noise will increase too. Uh but with
this setup being that the wheels are
completely disconnected from the gas
engine there is that worry of customers
not understanding why is the engine
coming on why isn't it on so there was a
critical target in development to
minimize that engine on off um NVH and
to try to make it as seamless as
possible in those transition periods.
&gt;&gt; Now on the Rogue when it comes it's
going to be a little different. What we
were driving was the um European version
and the Rogue is coming in. It's going
to have all-wheel drive.
&gt;&gt; That's correct.
&gt;&gt; So, it's going to have an extra motor in
the rear.
&gt;&gt; That's correct.
&gt;&gt; To help uh give a little extra
horsepower as well.
&gt;&gt; Right. Yeah. So, this setup today is
like you mentioned frontwheel drive
only. That front motor is integrated
into the 5 in1 uh package I spoke about
earlier. Uh but Rogue will be offered
with all-wheel drive. So, that adds a
second motor to the rear axle.
&gt;&gt; And that's coming out um later this
summer or fall.
&gt;&gt; Yep. That'll be later this year, 2026.
Yeah.
It's now sitting in the European version
of the Nissan Rogue
and this has the e- power system.
Although the e- power system that's
going to be coming in later this year in
the Nissan Rogue for the US market is
going to be all-wheel drive. So, it'll
have a little additional power uh uh
with the rear motor. So, this is a
front-wheel drive version only. Um the
e- power system though
um makes this car operate like an EV.
So, right now we're sitting here. The
engine was running just a little bit to
get the cabin warm. Um, and now the
engine is shut off. And so it's um,
sitting as if it was an EV, not making
any noise. We're comfortable in here.
And, um, we just I could put it in gear
and and I guess. Okay.
And just like that. Now, the engine did
kick on as I uh um started to head out,
but since the engine isn't directly
connected to the wheels,
um there was like zero torque bump for
when the engine started. And that's
really nice.
And the the engine running is almost uh
like a non-issue.
You you can barely hear it
and they they do a pretty good job
actually. So the acoustic one of the
problems with a ser a series hybrid is
that in principle the the engine noise
is not is disconnected from what the
wheels are doing. And so you can have
the awkward situation of the engine
running full blast while you're sitting
at a light doing nothing. And that's a
little disconcerting.
Um they've tuned this such that it
doesn't do that. Um so the engine shuts
off when you're off and uh and runs low
when you're um idling along in a parking
lot and then the engine ramps up as it
as the vehicle needs more power. So,
it's uh a little more connected with
um how the vehicle operates, which is
really nice.
Um but you still have the complete
smoothness of an electric vehicle. I
love that.
So, highway.
It's pretty damn smooth, I'd have to
say. I didn't notice the engine kicking
on.
There was a little bit of a growl. You
could just sort of hear faint growl of
the engine um as it kicked in.
&gt;&gt; There means the engine's on. Yeah,
engine's on and it's feeding power to
the battery and then the battery feeding
power to the electric motor which um
this electric motor I think is in common
with the Leaf motor and uh it delivers
plenty of power for this vehicle. So
um because it's it doesn't have the
giant battery of a typical EV,
the car is not overly heavy.
And so 210 horsepower
delivers pretty decent acceleration.
&gt;&gt; Paul, now that we've been cruising
around for a little bit, give me your
overall impressions.
&gt;&gt; Well, I think that Nissan's got a winner
here that uh this is going to be it's
got enough unique personality with the
series hybrid feel to it um that it's
going to be a really strong competitor.
I I think that uh Toyota and Honda
should be paying attention to what this
car is able to do. Um it's very smooth.
The engine start is completely seamless.
Um
and so that that's going to be something
that Toyota and Honda are going to have
a hard time competing with.
if they can get the highway fuel economy
to be competitive,
which it sounds like they are able to
with uh the engine that they chose, that
1.5 L turbo,
um is going to give them good
thermodynamic efficiency. And so at
highway speed, they're going to be able
to do pretty well with a um fuel
economy.
And this kind of car makes a lot of
sense that uh the average person is
going to be able to save hundreds of
dollars every year on gas
relative to the ICE version of this same
vehicle. So that's why a lot of people
are choosing the hybrid.