Channel:     jobhakdi
Title:       Why Tesla Robotaxi Will Get Approved SOONER Than Most Think
URL:         https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=U2CZ_q7b5dI
Published:   2026-04-16 00:00 UTC
Fetched:     2026-04-16 22:00 UTC

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

After a crazy week of runup for Tesla
stock, today we want to take a step back
in this very calm and quiet day. As I
predicted yesterday, by the way, selling
some short calls at the money on point
here. But today, in this quiet day, we
will take a little bit step back and
look at a strategic topic. And that
strategic topic is what should be top of
mind for all of us for the coming months
for Tesla. And that is robo taxi. and a
very specific aspect of autonomous
vehicles and which is very unusual for
me today. I'm going to give Whimo a lot
of credit at the beginning of this
session and we will talk about the
function and importance of Whimo for the
entire industry as the pioneer in terms
of regulatory and in terms of public
opinion forming. Whimo is part of
Google. Google is very good in lobbying.
Google is very good in the propaganda
game to make new things happen to
massage the public to massage policy
makers much better than Tesla which
normally is very distracted with being
at the cutting edge and frontier of
technology. Sometimes you have to make a
choice. Do you want to be the leader in
technology and really push your team to
the absolute limit or do you want to do
the public opinion massaging game? I
actually like that setup for us as Tesla
shareholders that this is a division of
labor strategy where Google and Whimo do
the heavy lifting when it comes to
public opinion, regulation, and lobbying
lawmakers and whoever else is involved
while Tesla is doing the heavy lifting
in technology and pushing the boundaries
of what autonomous driving can do. It's
the perfect storm for Tesla cuz while
Google is busy making this all happen
and shifting public opinion to embrace
autonomous vehicles, we can focus on
technology and beating everyone at this
game. And when Tesla is ready, probably
this year, Google will have done the
work and Whimo to massage and prepare
the public. Now that is what we are
going to talk today about and it is
something that I because I'm more
interested in the actual technology and
if it things work than public opinion.
It is important to recognize that public
opinion about robots about autonomy
happens and matters a lot because
without public opinion behind us there
will be regulatory hurdles or there will
be new hurdles being built up if the
public hates this. And one of the
decisive, if not the decisive
argument in public, the decisive
argument in public for autonomous
vehicles that I always discounted, I was
never that interested in it. But the
central public argument for policy
makers is this.
It is not miles, dollars per mile, cost
per mile and transport. It is not
convenience. It is not technological
progress. It is safety.
And why is safety so important?
Well, obviously because we don't want to
die. But safety is so important because
safety safety is exactly the
counterargument to robo taxis. That is
what any politician any law maker would
say is like, "Oh, we cannot allow this
new technology. It's too risky. We
cannot allow these new companies like
Wayimmore or Tesla to drive around
without drivers on the roads. It's too
risky." And instead of just making the
argument, no, listen, it's not that
risky. Here's the data. You can make a
much better argument. You can make the
argument that if you don't allow this,
you are the bad guy. You are killing
40,000 Americans every single year.
40,000 Americans who die in road
accidents. And by showing that roboexian
autonomous driving actually decreases
this death toll, this terrible death
toll in America and Europe probably
maybe a little less in Northern Europe,
maybe more than southern, I don't know,
probably similar across all of Europe.
By making this argument, what I like so
much about it, we can make an argument
that accelerates the adoption massively
in terms of universal adoption of
autonomous vehicles and therefore robo
taxi rollout across the entire
infrastructure of the western world
because now the policy makers, the
decision makers suddenly have a very
different choice to make. They don't
have the choice to make anymore. Oh, I
am the policy maker. I'm making policy
for Germany, for UK, for France, for the
United States, and I want to air on the
safe side, conservative side, and not
allow that stuff. So, I cannot be blamed
for new deaths. Instead, we turn the
tables and turn it on its head and say,
"No, dude. If you don't allow that, if
you do not accelerate the approval of
FSD or Whimo, whatever, the blood is on
your hands because now Whimo has the
data." And I'm going to get to Tesla in
a second, but Whimo has the data to show
that autonomous driving actually
decreases accidents and injuries in
traffic dramatically. Here are the
numbers. And these numbers matter
because now the policy makers who
actually don't care about anything to be
totally frank. They just care about
public opinion. Now they are being put
on the back foot on the defensive which
forces faster adoption. Now we are
saying every month you're not allowing
that. Every month you're pushing back on
it. The blood is on your hands. I love
that narrative. It shifts everything and
it accelerates the universal approval of
FSD and robo taxis across the world.
Here are the numbers. Look at that and
let that sink in. Now, is that
propaganda? Is that probably
whitewashing the numbers? Maybe. I
assume so. It's from a company. It's
from Whimo, but they are also under a
lot of scrutiny. They're Google. So,
these numbers can't be completely made
up. They're probably a little massaged.
But they show you the direction overall
crash reduction here. This is what wayo
publishes. Compared to an average human
driver, compared to an average human
driver on the same distance in our
operating cities, the way we driver had
overall crash reduction, 92% fewer
serious injuries or worse crashes,
92% reduction,
83% fewer airbag deployments in any
vehicle crashes, 82% fewer
injury-causing crashes. So this is
important. And look, we have 82% of your
injuries. Crash reductions involving
injuries to vulnerable road users, which
means pedestrians, which means people on
bicycles, which means bike riders,
motorbike riders. 92%
fewer pedestrian crashes with injuries.
85% fewer cycle cyclist crashes with
injuries. 81% fewer motorcycle crashes
with injuries. And now, let that sink
in. Let's take one of these numbers.
Let's take the biggest number here.
Let's take 92%.
both for pedest pedestrians and for your
serious injury or worse crashes which is
very funny. They are serious injury or
worse. It's not serious injury or death
cuz you don't want to mention death even
if you perform well because if you say
death everyone says wait you have 8%
still death that's super bad. So nice PR
here but 92%. You have to understand
what that means for a politician. I just
want to take you on a journey where you
go to a politician as a CNN reporter or
something. You walk up to a politician
and then you have these discussions. Uh
CNN get getting briefed by Google of
course that's how the propaganda works
goes to the politician like oh listen
you're pushing back on autonomous
vehicle approval. Are you aware that out
of a hundred Americans that are now in
the hospital or in the cemetery dead
that out of these 100 Americans
seriously injured in the hospital or
dead 92 could be alive today if you
Senator Smith would not have voted
against Whimo that's how these numbers
are being deployed you have to
understand this is a propaganda game
that is exactly the question you're the
Senator Smith from Ohio Senator Vive no
he runs for governor. The senator from
Ohio, Mr. Smith, you voted against
Whimo. You voted against Tesla FST
approval. Are you aware that there's
blood on your hands? Last year, out of
100 Americans dead or in the hospital,
92 could be alive and well with their
families today if you would not have
voted against it. What are you saying
about that? Oo, I didn't know. I'm going
to vote for it. That's how it goes. That
is why these numbers matter so much.
That is why Whimo is doing God's work in
terms of making robo taxis happen. So,
as much as I'm critical of the coco
and of the pretty bad technology they
have and how much they're behind Tesla
in terms of technology, they're still
the ones who pave the path in terms of
public opinion and all these nice little
websites. So, let's take this into
comparison with Tesla. By the way, by
the way, Mo, we know now that Whimo has
a tremendously powerful set of data to
make the case for autonomous vehicles.
How does Tesla compare here? Tesla just
has to be as good or better. And we have
actually early clear evidence that this
is the case. Not completely scientific,
but look at this. Look at this. What
just came out. Nitsa autonomous vehicle
crash data has been updated through
March 15, 2026 for auto autonomous
vehicles including Tesla robo taxi. And
here is what you see now of course on a
completely different base because this
is about true robo taxis. This is about
Whimo Zuks and Tesla not counting FSD
miles of owners of Teslas. This is just
robo taxis for all three. And of course
Tesla has a much lower baseline than
Whimo even though they are now coming
up. They have over 500 vehicles and
Whimo has I don't know 2,000 3,000. So
it's not that far off anymore. But of
course since June 2025 there was a big
gap. So you can't just say Whimo is
super awful and Tesla is super awesome.
What that data shows you is that Tesla
from a Nitsa perspective
has zero incidents. Zero incidents on
that scale. I think these might be
serious incidents. I don't know exactly
which ones they are. We have to look
that up. But uh we can look up Nitsa SGO
2021
1. Uh we see that Tesla is at zero. So
whatever the base is, however more robo
taxis RO has deployed than Tesla and now
not that many more anymore. Maybe six
times, maybe four times, maybe five
times more Tesla's at zero. So whatever
the number is, it doesn't matter. Tesla
is infinitely better statistically. Now
we have to take this with a grain of
salt salt. But what this tells us is
that I'm not going to go into how much
better Tesla is than Whimo. Hard to
tell. Tesla needs a bigger and larger
baseline to have any kind of real
statistical comparison with Whimo. But
we know that they are not worse. They
are better to some unknown extent. We
need more data. And what that means is
forget about the exact statistical
comparison. What it means is that these
statistics of Whimo that are being
carried now into Washington DC and the
European Union and all these places, we
know that whatever Tesla's numbers are,
they are better than these numbers. And
that is all that counts. This, by the
way, is not a case that I'm making here
how much better Tesla robo taxi than
Whimo, even though I am convinced it is
much better based on the data I've seen.
This is not a case for that. It is the
case that both Whimo and Tesla and
probably Zuks that the current status of
the best three, let's say the best three
systems of autonomous driving are all
dramatically better than human drivers,
than the average human driver. If you're
an amazing driver, you might be offended
and say, "Joe, you have no idea. I'll
never make an accident." It doesn't
matter. This is about the average. It's
not about you or me. It's about the
average human driver, which we which is
what we have to deal with on the roads.
So that is very important and that is my
takeaway here why I reiterate it again
and again and again that I don't see
regulatory as a real hurdle. I don't see
policy makers standing in the way and in
the path of progress when it comes to
autonomous vehicles. And I think the
intuition that most people have, the
intuition that this is such a
revolutionary technology, it's so
worldchanging. It's so much changing the
reality we actually live in and it's
changing the roads around us, the
heavily regulated and protected roads.
Our intuition, our gut feeling tells us
this can't be fast. It can't be. That's
our gut feeling that Tesla comes out
with robo taxi and suddenly one year
later the entire eur European Union has
autonomous vehicles driving. Our gut
feeling is it can't be that New York or
Los Angeles or Chicago or Houston, the
four biggest metropolitan areas of the
United States that they just allow that
and transform our lives like crazy with
a completely new technology. Our gut
feeling tells us this cannot be. It must
take a decade or something after it
becomes fully feasible. When you think
in first principles of human behavior
and policym and politics and media and
you really think it through and you see
these numbers
and you understand the story that we can
already spin inevitably spin out of this
today 92%.
Over 10 times more people would be
alive. Over 10 times more people would
be with their families would not be
hospitalized. over 10 times 1,000%
more people
or less people to be more accurate.
1,000% fewer people would be in the
hospital. Now, now I get the statistics
of like it's 10 times safer. That's what
I want to say. I have to be cautious
here with the numbers. It is 10 times
safer. We could have instead of 100
people in the hospital or dead, we could
have only eight people in the hospital
or dead and 92 people would be totally
fine. is a story that will accelerate
this adoption dramatically because it
puts them on the defense, the people who
want to stand in the way. And we see
Whimo's preparing this. So this is my
whole point. Why is this important? If
you are a Tesla shareholder and you're
betting on this whole thing and you're
thinking about how quickly can this
scale, when does it hit us? And once
robo taxi scales in Austin and the Bay
Area and some other cities, maybe 35
cities are now being prepared in the
United States. How fast can it actually
become that big fat thing that we all
dreaming of? This new transportation
infrastructure that caters to all
Americans all across the country. I'm
telling you, it can be much faster than
you think. Once it's rolling out, it
won't be a decade. It won't be 5 years.
It won't be even 3 years. It will be
dramatically accelerated to get complete
green light. not just green light. There
will be a forcing function on each mun
municip municipality to adopt that and
roll it out because people are dying.
Once you roll it out, they're not dying
anymore. So that's just a little uh talk
on Thursday here to remind everyone this
is a tsunami that is just waiting to be
unleashed and all that stands between us
and the giant tsunami going over America
and the European Union in terms of
complete transformation. The only thing
that stands in the way is FSD being
ready. And you know that I think FSD is
nearly ready and can get unlocked at any
point now in the coming months any day.
I don't know when. That would help me a
lot of trading, but I'm pretty sure it's
going to happen in the next 6 months,
probably in the next 3 months. Let's see
what happens. And from there, it will be
a steep insane rollout speed, much
faster than people think because exactly
of these reasons. So, I hope that was
interesting. Go to Pioneer Lands. As
always, I tell you to go to Pioneer
Lands. You know that we are here in the
Pioneer Academy talking about these
things. You will get by the way I found
this on our latest news. We have this
great AI news refined by us, the team.
We doing that. Let's see if the update
works. We are actually sourcing the
entire world of news. And you can click
on robots, you see the latest robot
news. You can click on AGI, my favorite.
on space even more favorite and all the
other things and see the latest news
here summarized in a very sophisticated
way. So we are the best news source in
the world now for our topics. That's
where I found that. So go there, you can
ask questions, go to research, you can
ask a question, get on YouTube if you
want, and then you can join us on
Sundays where we have a live show on all
these amazing topics. So I hope that was
interesting. Don't forget to follow the
autonomous revolution and I hope to see
you tomorrow.