Channel:     futureaza
Title:       Merger Rumors Reach Peak Fever, but I'm not feeling it - Tesla Beat Friday News
URL:         https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pAutEn-Wodc
Published:   2026-05-01 14:41 UTC
Fetched:     2026-05-02 06:00 UTC

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

What's up everyone? Another non boring
week. Uh especially if you live here in
the Silicon Valley or if you're watching
any of the tech news. It's been a heck
of a week, especially just seeing, you
know, Elon get cross-examined. But
again, we're going to get into some of
it. Um some of us have been following it
maybe a little bit more than others. Uh
but would love to get everyone's take on
that. Uh but with that said, just a
quick shout out to uh Insta3. They have
some amazing cameras with tracking,
especially for, you know, just being on
the road and being able to take um
really a high quality camera with you. I
do know some influencers who have
replaced their $2,000 camera with
this device. Uh like people like Brian
who run several episodes a day. So, but
with that said, um you know, let's jump
into it. Oh, not me. Um,
so the stock is at around got it right
on the ticker. Was trying to time that,
but it's a roughly at what 3 381. Um,
was 3 uh 73 last week and had a small uh
two or three% bump. Um, I believe it was
like over the past couple days. Um,
&gt;&gt; I'm going to I'm going to interrupt you
because it's at at the moment 3.9043.
2% today.
&gt;&gt; I literally just took this. Oh my god.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Okay.
&gt;&gt; Thicker is moving fast. I can't even
keep up.
&gt;&gt; Man.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; This is why I don't watch it daily.
&gt;&gt; Well, that's why we watch it weekly.
&gt;&gt; That's why I've got calls on Tums.
&gt;&gt; Exactly. Um.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. But with that said, um, you know,
let's let's get into it. Joe, uh, kick
us off, man.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, there's a little case happening
right now in the Silicon Valley's the
battle of the battle of wits. No, this
is um, this pretty cool to see Elon get
some comeuppance from what he's been
yelling about for the past few years.
So, it's uh the trial is underway,
things are happening, and it's going to
be interesting to see how this goes
because this says a lot. And the crazy
thing is is he doesn't want the money.
It's not like he's trying to sue for
riches and become more richer than he
already is. He He wants everything back
like it's supposed to be
&gt;&gt; and people removed.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. It's all about principle. uh uh he
walked away because if he didn't its
status as a nonprofit in his view would
be compromised. We can't compromise the
status of the nonprofit. We want this to
be for the betterment of humanity. And
they're like, "Yeah, yeah. Betterment of
humanity. Betterment. Yeah, yeah, yeah.
You should leave. You should leave. Is
he gone?
Let's get some sports cars."
Exactly.
Um, yeah, I I thought it was um, you
know, it's been it's kind of one of
those stories I'll say kind of like uh
the Martin Everheart story with Elon and
Tesla, right? It's it's been one of
those things where um, you know, they
they there was co-founders and there was
ultimately a reason for why um, you
know, Martin Everheart was pushed out of
the company. I believe it was
unanimously by the board. Um, and you
know, I think actually in our discussion
in what was it? Uh, May of 2022, he
discussed all of those things where, you
know, how it happened and how he had no
idea how much it was actually costing
the um to make the Roadster and how much
they were losing per vehicle. Um, but
there was a lot of things like that that
were happening and this is a similar
story where it's, you know, Elon
co-founded Open AI. I mean, it literally
was meant to be open source, you know.
um rather than like closed source for
maximum profit. Um and so it was just
one of those things where he put um you
know I believe the number that has
officially come out in the court case is
$38 million. I think there was numbers
like 50 100 million but either way he
invested a lot of money and if you
actually I think in some of the
interviews he's done I mean he has he
saw this coming I mean this is what 2018
whenever this company was founded and he
saw AI being an issue right and he I
believe he talked with people at like
whether it was Google I mean just you
know multip like deep mind and and some
of these other ones and see he saw this
coming and this is again eight years ago
and no one would have known AI would be
where it is today. Uh like most people,
but he saw it and so he was like, I need
to help start something that is going to
be, you know, positive for humanity,
that's going to be open source, that's
going to be, you know, truth seeeking
and all this other stuff. So, um but
with that said, he starts it and, you
know, next thing you know, this goes a
different direction and now it's
potentially going to be one of the
biggest, um IPOs ever outside of maybe
SpaceX. Uh it's kind of funny how
they're both going at the same time in
some ways. So, uh, but with that said,
um, you know, there was a lot of details
shared, um, with that, you know, that
happened this past week, um, about, you
know, some of the original emails both,
I think Elon was cross-examined for on
two different days. Um, and I think, um,
some of the other I think Jared Bershaw
is is coming on, um, who who manages his
money, um, is coming on either today or
some other time. But um you know with
that said, a lot happening here. A lot
of interesting details being shared,
emails being shared, um questions being
asked. Um but was there anything, you
know, again, we can go as deep as we
want on this. Was Matthew, did have you
did you um keep up with at all with this
case or anything else?
&gt;&gt; I've been trying to follow up a little
bit online. I had a conference earlier
in the week, so I haven't been as
invested. Um I just wish it was it was
live streamed. I mean the the public
interest in this case is absolutely
massive and you know we'll we can we can
follow along with the you know the
reporters and the citizen journalists
that are there and eventually you know
we'll get the full transcripts but um
it's I think it's just a travesty on
democracy to not be live streaming this
case.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, totally. Um but yeah, with that
said, you know, it's we we'll see what
the outcome is. I think that the number
that Elon is looking for is 150 billion
and for it to be restored to a
nonprofit. Um, and I I think at least
what he has said publicly that if this
goes a certain way where they're allowed
to do what they did that this could make
um a bold statement for what charities
are able to to do, right? is go from,
you know, starting as a charitable cause
and, you know, for the betterment of
society to then, you know, becoming a
for-profit and um, you know, now it's
something completely different. So,
we'll be interesting to see, you know,
definitely have the popcorn out.
Obviously, I would totally agree with
Matthew. Um, I heard that, you know,
just there's been some there's been a a
lot of drama to get the I guess there's
30 public seats, like 30 seats open to
the public, and so there's been a lot of
people trying to get those 30 seats. Um,
and you know, but um, yeah, interesting
stuff.
All right, so this is probably two
weeks, but uh, V14 light is coming. Um
Tesla's posted a um posted on X and they
said following the the future roll out
of FSD14 light for hardware 3 vehicles
in the US we plan on expanding V14 to
additional international markets. Uh
this update ensures that hardware 3
vehicles will continue to benefit from
ongoing software updates. Since the
international rollout is subject to
several factors um uh we can't provide
definitive dates at the moment but we
will update uh provide updates on a
rolling basis. So yeah either way it's
um it's exciting. They correct me if
they I have not seen anyone posting this
still has not rolled out to hardware 3
in the US though right? I don't
&gt;&gt; Okay, exactly.
&gt;&gt; So, it was mentioned on the earnings
call last Wednesday um when they had it
and so now um I think we're all kind of
just waiting for it and it sounds like
it's interesting that they're already
talking about uh V 14 light um in in
places like Europe and other
international markets. So, um, but
again, all of that is going to be
pending, you know, regulatory approval.
So, uh, you know, we'll we'll see what
happens.
All right, Joe, you want to hit this
one, man?
&gt;&gt; This is pretty cool. Giga Berlin news.
So, again, it's probably nothing, but a
million drive units built Giga Berlin,
just if anybody's wondering. They're uh
they have a lot of lot of production
happening. They had a future day, too.
That was uh that was around this time.
So, it's pretty cool that Gigabal just
continues to turn out. I mean, they're
not they're not China, right? They're
not Shanghai, but it's things are still
happening all over the globe for Tesla,
and it's pretty awesome.
&gt;&gt; Exactly, John. Yeah, it's great to see
this happening. uh just being able to
move all of um you know all these Model
Y's that are happening out of there,
right? Um and just to see that here's
another continent where you know Teslas
are being made and you know just seeing
the um the amount of uh drive units that
they're that they've built at Giga
Berlin.
All right, so this one was interesting.
Um, I feel like the merger at this point
is just it's just a matter of time,
right? It's
like
&gt;&gt; like it's just the writing on the wall
has never been I think once the terapab
came together um I mean we had heard
about it like once you know XAI and
SpaceX but once the terra fab and then
data uh space data um space AI data
centers came it was just like man this
is a wrap right and um so um uh sir
Robinson Jr. If you follow him on X, he
posts like a Elon Daily Chronicle. Um,
but he said called it it is a SpaceX
solar factory. So that's crazy that they
even have a solar factory. Um, but the
Noah the SpaceX director of solar
production. SpaceX is is constructing
one of the world's most advanced solar
cell factories in Bastro, Texas. handson
ownership of utilities, process
equipment, uh clean room systems, and
reliability programs during uh build and
commissioning. High intensity on site,
not a 9 to5. If you thrive turning on
turning construction into flawless
production, this is your shot. So, they
are fullon recruiting for this, but this
was not like I mean I I I mean I didn't
even think you know advanced solar cell
factories. I thought this just was not
on my radar at all. So, it seems like a
sleeper for sure.
&gt;&gt; The thing that I thought was surprising
about it is uh solar is an obvious fit
for Tesla Tesla energy. You want to have
solar panels with your batteries. You
want to have uh solar panels for your
customers uh for yourself, for your
little micro grids for your uh data
center needs. And sure, SpaceX will need
solar panels. They already do. Those are
different solar panels. Those are lower
volume. And I'm sure that they are
because they are a different uh
composition entirely. I'm sure that all
satellite uh providers are getting just
rad across the coals on pricing cuz who
else are you going to get them from? Uh
well, we're going to build our own and
they're going to be better and cheaper.
Uh good luck to you in your future
endeavors. But it was still surprising
to me to see SpaceX being the ones doing
the solar panels. To me, that leads a
little bit more uh credibility to the
theory of a root of a merger. To me, the
big thing on the merger that was pushing
me away from it was they just rolled out
new compensation guidelines for Elon at
SpaceX. And they are uh you know, uh
insane. They're truly truly bonkers. And
I don't know, uh, but so are all of the
other compensation plans, including the
ones he's completed, uh, to the idea
that you're going to take Tesla from a
$70 billion
overvalued company to 10x that 700
billion market cap. That's that's
madness. It'll never happen. But with
SpaceX now, the goals are loftier. We
want you to put up a data center uh
constellation that's going to consume
more power than the US entirely. Uh
we're going to have Oh, what's that? Uh
put a person on Mars. Ah, why stop at
one when a million sounds better? So,
there are some lofty goals. I am still
welcoming feedback from everybody on
whether they think it will happen or
not. And what I always want to know is
why does it make sense? You don't have
to buy a company to do business with
them. Sometimes it makes good sense. Uh
this one it's a it's a real it's a real
puzzle to me.
Yeah. Yeah. Um and you know there are
several employees. I mean, even it's on
it's like on LinkedIn, right? You have a
couple of like VPs who are doing like uh
vehicle manufacturing um at at uh Tesla,
but also too doing like uh rocket
manufacturing as well. I mean, there's
just so much overlap. So, I would not be
surprised if they gave their buddies
across literally across the street or up
the street, whatever, whatever it may
be, or literally next door if you're in
Hawthorne, um a call to be like, "Hey,
how do we how should we approach this
the right way?" Um because one other
thing that Tesla did this past year was
they actually released their own um
assembled like and made um solar panels,
right? I think before it was like they
were using some other brand whereas now
uh they're actually making their own
in-house. So with this it kind of the
timing is kind of impeccable but just to
have their own solar cell factory is
going to be just just crazy.
All right, Joe writing's on the wall.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, this is uh pretty cool. me. I
posted this because uh they have this at
the on the wall of of SpaceX. So, it's
pretty basic, but this is, you know,
Elon's rules for delete the part and the
process and keep it moving. Number one,
make requirements less dumb. Number two,
delete the part or process step,
optimize, accelerate, and then automate.
and she had uh she had made this die
tribe about like uh about not only what
they could do to be
more efficient, but I think this helps
answer your question, Brian, because
what she talked about was the merger and
why it's feasible and what it what could
benefit uh everybody and Elon actually
liked it. So something
&gt;&gt; that's that is uh valuable uh when you
see Elon uh giving very small hints like
that. Uh it yeah
there I don't know what the obstacles
might be. Obviously being one company
would remove some of them. Um I think
the list is too long. Uh it's probably a
factor of where when I grew up but my
list just says stop, collaborate and
listen.
So that's just my philosophy.
&gt;&gt; Not not the vanilla ice advice.
&gt;&gt; What? I don't I'm not familiar with this
product you speak of. What?
&gt;&gt; Oh
man, he was he was a visionary and he
spoke the truth.
&gt;&gt; Should always be quoted.
&gt;&gt; Sorry, Matthew. This is not what you
signed up for, but you're in it now.
All right. S Samsung movein ceremony.
Musk confirmed Samsung will uh produce
upgraded AI4 self-driving chips. Um it
looks like Samsung is holding an
equipment movein ceremony at its Taylor
Texas uh contract chip plant on Friday,
formally installing the chipm machines
that will begin producing silicon for
Tesla and other customers later this
year. Um the event closes uh a nearly
two-year delay on 37 billion facility
that Samsung broke ground um on in late
2022. Yeah, this is it's it's it's crazy
to just see all these pieces come
together, especially I mean this was
part of the the exodus of um when people
were leaving California and obviously as
we know everyone was going to Texas at
the time. And so some of these other
companies had made some big
announcements in in um in Texas as well.
um especially when um they had made some
big announcements in Texas, especially
when uh Elon and several of his
companies moved out there. Um so it's
just, you know, cool to finally see some
of this. It looks like this, you know,
had a big delay, but with that said, you
know, this thing's up and running and um
knowing how Elon and Tesla will work
with Samsung, it's going to be very
close. um just to make sure that you
know the the specs are up to the specs
in production is up to you know the
Tesla standards here.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Well, Elon was walking this
factory before it was finalized and
stuff with uh with Samsung execs like a
few months back. So, he's all he's he's
all in.
&gt;&gt; Well, Elon sees movein ceremonies like
Okay, good. So, you guys are going to
sleep in your factory, too. I appreciate
it.
Nobody's doing that.
&gt;&gt; All right, Joe, this one's to you, man.
It's going down. If anybody has any
doubts, they're uh they're making cyber
cabs. It's in production. So, this is
pretty cool. I mean, as we know, like
90% of H ride Hills are are two people
or less. I know people really want to
want to get this in their homes, but I
don't I don't think
this would happen to customers before
2028. I could be wrong, but what do you
guys think?
&gt;&gt; I you guys know my stance. I I don't
think we should sell a single one to to
private customers. These things are too
valuable. They're way too valuable. you
know, production. I think the current um
production is about a dozen cyber cabs a
day. Uh which sounds, you know, pretty
small, but like that's more autonomous
vehicles than Whimo is is adding to
their fleet every day. And we're going
to see that number grow to, you know,
100 vehicles a day and eventually a
thousand vehicles a day. And it's going
to happen a lot faster um than people
think. You know, we're seeing the roll
out of the cyber cabs. you know, it's
going to start in a geo fenced area
within the geo fenced area of the, you
know, like the larger Austin or larger
Silicon Valley, um, you know, current
robo taxi market. Um, the the kind of
big downside to having only two seats is
that if you have to have a supervisor in
there, the Cybercad can really only
take, you know, one person. Um, but
we're seeing a lot of these a lot of
these cars are rolling off the floor
with without a steering wheel and
pedals. And I don't I don't think Elon
would allow this production to start if
he had doubts about um FSD being being
fully deployable essentially on public
roads.
&gt;&gt; I'm going to agree with all of that. And
I think the big thing is as much as I
want to see one, as much as I want to
buy one, uh it doesn't necessarily make
sense. Uh the only way it could make
sense is if the network usage fees for a
customer are high enough that it makes
sense. I can see, and I've said this a
dozen times, I can see them uh offering
it to small fleet operators in cities
where Tesla has no interest in
operating. Maybe if it's out in the
country a bit, somewhere where they only
need three or four and it doesn't make
sense to build a whole cleaning depot,
uh if somebody wants to bring their
capital to the party. But for individual
home personal ownership, um I don't
know. I don't feel like it's bringing
enough value to the company. Um, and the
thing with it is we see this limited
production and of course the the
naysayers get very critical. Oh, who
cares? Whimo's got thousands. So, right,
but Whimo can't add thousands. There's
no mechanism to do that. The iPace is
out of production. They haven't
finalized their next design. When you
see one of those IPACE with two 300,000
miles on it, it's not because it's a
reliable car. It's because they have no
other option. They have to keep gluing
the damn thing back together to keep it
on the road or they won't have any cars.
So, if Whimo magically flipped a switch
tomorrow where they had the capacity to
ramp infinitely, safely, effectively,
they couldn't do it. They just don't
have the cars. they don't have the
pipeline to manufacture them where what
we're seeing with Tesla as Matt just
said is that they clearly do they can it
is a factory that builds a product that
product is very easy to build. I did a
whole presentation last weekend in uh
Oregon for the Oregon Electric Vehicle
Owners Association where I discussed all
the different form factors of all the
different robo taxies and why the Cyber
Cap makes sense in terms of cost, in
terms of simplicity, in terms of
aerodynamics, the whole list is there.
And if you need more than two seats,
just like when I need more than three
seats in an Uber, you order an XL. I
would just get an XL, wait the extra
five minutes for a a Y to show up or an
X. It just it just makes sense.
Yeah. What is your guys' thoughts? I
mean, if you think about it, Tesla is
well, Tesla has vehicles that can
technically be unsupervised uh with
hardware for because uh they're doing it
with the Model Y. So there's they're
selling a car today that you know could
get a software update that can actually
turn it on because and it's proven now
because it's happening in three cities
here in Texas, not here, but in Texas.
Um, and so they they can definitely turn
that on. But from your guys'
perspective, when would when would it
make sense for Tesla to and I I think
Matthew were saying that you don't think
that they should, but when would they
even because they they have said that
they they may sell it to customers. When
would that even happen?
&gt;&gt; Yeah, I mean I I I I agree with Brian.
You know, in a remote location, it makes
sense. You know, I I go visit um you
know, some family in northern Idaho, and
northern Idaho is kind of a desolate
area, right? Right. And so there's
there's kind of, you know, once you get
north of Cordelane, I I don't think
Tesla will want to own and operate
vehicles that far north. Um, I think
somebody like a hotel where hotels
already have parking, they already have
power, they're already trained in
hospitality and cleaning and and things
like that. They could be a good fit.
When will that happen? It doesn't really
need to happen until the market is
pretty saturated in the big cities, you
know, and and the same thing Tesla
doesn't need to go into a 100 cities.
They could just completely own five
cities or 10 cities, you know. If Tes
Tesla could make it so a Cyber Cab could
not only replace Uber and Lyft in
Austin, it could replace buses, it could
replace um personal car ownership for
for a lot of people. So if you I if the
limiting factor is going to be the
production volume, you don't need all of
the longtail cities. Um you can just own
own several of them um you know as it as
it ramps up. So, you know, Elon has said
repeatedly you will be able to buy it.
You know, he commented on uh on, you
know, one of those uh
uh posts saying, you know, it would be
for sale by the end of next year.
&gt;&gt; So, figure, you know, add in two weeks
on top of that and, you know, we should
we should maybe see a handful of sales
say 2028, 2029. What I would say is
there is a business case for selling
them to individuals. And the case is
yes, I want to make 30,000, but we've
got this person here who is not going to
use ride share. Period. But he will buy
a cyber cab for himself, for his wife,
for his kid, for his grandmother,
whatever it may be. That person doesn't
want a cab. That person wants their own
cab. So, do we want to make uh no
dollars or $5,000, $10,000? Mark it up
10 grand if you have to. We'll make that
10 grand off that one person who wants
their own. They want to put their own
decorations. They want it as a work
vehicle so they can put all their tools
in the back and not have to drive. Those
are use cases that make sense. So once
production has ramped to a point where
we're we're able to make a lot more than
we're able to use inhouse,
yeah, why not take 5 10 grand markup uh
to give it to someone who is just going
to use it for themselves. We'll still
get another hundred bucks a month out of
them in perpetuity, assuming FSD price
doesn't go up. Uh I know Elon has said
it may go up. Uh but we've also seen in
the past that it sometimes goes down. uh
we'll know more but I there is a path to
individual ownership. It won't be
strictly restricted. Uh we just don't
know. We just don't know yet.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. My my scenario is like my mom,
right? My mom doesn't she has a old Jeep
Cherokee Grand Cherokee whatever and
it's like on its last leg and and she
watches a lot of my videos. I've taken
the Cybert truck to her and and
everything. And so she's experienced FSD
and she would like to have a vehicle.
This would be something like she could
go to church in and you know I mean she
would she doesn't want to be driving
herself and you know the older she gets.
So she would like to just be taken to
and from church and to and from her
little events and she doesn't want to
have to buy a car to do that. So I
something like this would be great in in
a scenario like that. And that would be
a reason why I would get one for her or
something like that just so she could
have it to do these little odd things
that she likes to do but she doesn't
want to get out and have to drive this
rickety vehicle around to do it.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, it's um it'll be it'll be
interesting um es yeah depending on how
they how they roll this out. But, you
know, I think it's good that uh we're
seeing Tesla uh launch new unsupervised
cities. We know that the cyber cab is
testing in a lot of new locations. Um
and the good thing is this is happening.
So, it's just a matter of when, right?
Um but there's there is I would in my
mind uh for unsupervised there's still a
long road ahead for this to become a
normal thing just because of all of the
regulation hurdles. But the important
thing is that the one thing I do as much
as you know we all kind of make fun of
how the whimos will look and you know
the jack and how much they would spend
it's just it's important that there's
multiple companies that are helping go
into these cities to help break ground
to tackle different cities because it's
at the end of the day it's going to take
the a village to make this happen and
and Tesla should not be the only one
taking all the heat for some of this
stuff.
&gt;&gt; Were you say something Matthew?
&gt;&gt; Oh go ahead.
&gt;&gt; Okay. Yeah. No, the because the other
thing is actually I was just, you know,
I was um at a networking thing down in
San Francisco yesterday and people were
just they brought up the fact that you
know how Cruz just crashed out like
after you know pulled a human for like 2
feet underneath it. It just the whole
company's gone now. like you don't even
like they shut pretty much shut down the
full operations and you know so there is
a lot of that but you know you have to
believe in this uh to know that or if
you know anything you know that these
this is the safer route to go so um I'm
personally really looking forward to you
know seeing this roll out and um for for
people um to like Joe like your mom and
like everyone who has these edge cases
and you know maybe older folks that that
need those rides or you know even even
kids and things like that. It's It's
really exciting.
&gt;&gt; Well, Uber did the same thing. By the
way, Uber quit after one serious
incident. Go ahead.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, I do. So, yeah, I mean solving
autonomy is tough. I do have a friend
who who worked at Cruz, very experienced
engineer, you know, worked for, you
know, three of the the mag seven
companies before joining Cruz. And he
said his first two weeks um is
orientation. And they spend about half
of that time on explaining why camera
only won't work. And you know,
brainwashing all these new engineers so
that so that they're you know in line
with this sensor fusion. Um so yeah it's
uh it's it's not surprising Cruz failed.
Obviously the the biggest failure was
not that uh it dragged a human. You know
what what happened in that accident? The
human was hit by another car and pushed
under the cruise and then it it drove.
It was the the cover up um you know
behind it. uh you know think thinking
about your your question about
individual ownership one kind of
goodwill that Tesla may get you know
Elon has said you know an Uber driver
driver could become a shepherd for cyber
cabs you know we're already seeing like
I'm in Seattle there's been there's a a
union now for Uber drivers and they're
protesting um autonomous cars we saw you
know Roana this week wanting to pass
legislation saying you know semi-truckss
need to have um a driver behind the
wheel uh which, you know, I'm not I'm
not against that in the short term, but
certainly it shouldn't be the law for,
you know, forever. Um, so we'll yeah,
it's going to be really interesting to
see this roll out.
Yeah, people should really look up blood
lites. But um
the I I think there's I I think the
really cool thing is that humans think
they are so much better drivers than
assisted robotic driving and it's just
not true. People drive over people a lot
more times than that one incident of of
cruise. And it's unfortunate but I mean
it happens a lot man. People
&gt;&gt; Yeah. the amount of accidents and and
deaths every year due to due to human
driving is it's like it's an
unsurmountable number and for people to
try and protest and be against it is
just it's wild to me.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, there was a a clip going viral uh
where this huge truck lifted truck
rolled over a Lambo. Don't know if you
saw that, but like it's just I mean and
that's kind of a different edge case in
that like you know this person obviously
has a super lifted truck, so what are
they going to be able to see anyways?
But it's just stuff like that where it's
just there's things that your car uh
your Tesla will be able to do that you
can't. Like for example, I was I I took
a drive uh 1432 drive through downtown
San Francisco yesterday. Took it to Fort
Point at at the bottom of the bridge
down Lumbart Street. So, and the crazy
thing is now I had to, you know, in the
earlier versions of FSD on Cybertruck, I
had to force it to go down and it didn't
work. But this was as smooth as butter.
But if you've ever been to Lumbard
Street, you're talking like, you know,
inclines like this. And you get to the
top of this. Your Cybert truck gets to
the top of this. I can't see over. I
have to pull up the front-facing camera
just to see what's in front of me.
Partially because of the windshield. Uh,
but it's just it's just one of those
things where you literally can't see
anything. Um, and yet the car can see
way more than you can. And it's more
alert and it's not going to be
distracted. It's not going to be angry.
It's not going to be under the
influence. So there's just a lot of
things like that that you know are
coming. Um and you know um and so
hopefully private ownership will be on
the short horizon soon for these
unsupervised vehicles.
All right. So this is something I you
know better late than never um knowing
in Tesla the thing is like they don't
have an crazy amount of engineers
working on this stuff but this is
definitely something that has been in
the like the feature request list for
years if not a decade now but like um
they finally built out the virtual queue
feature. This feature will let owners
wait for a virtual queue when will wait
in a virtual queue when a supercharger
is full instead of uh having to wait in
a physical line with their vehicle. When
a driver is um when a driver is near a
supercharger at capacity, they'll be
allowed to join the queue and based on
the vehicle um when the vehicle join the
queue, Tesla will manage whose turn it
is to charge next. So this is going to
be really important, but I think that
there's going to be this like adoption
process too because I don't know unless
the car is also prompting you inside.
There's just going to be this kind of
disconnect. But this is very much needed
and and unfortunately, you know, this is
just going to be by good faith that you
kind of follow this queue queueing
process. There's always going to be that
person that probably, you know, is just
like going to take it. Um, but with that
said, this has been something that, you
know, I think owners need. They need
direction and guidance because if it's a
bigger supercharger, sometimes there can
be like two cues of lines and then it's
like, all right, who goes first and
who's been waiting less time. This
should help solve all of that. Um, and
you know, it's it's it's kind of about
time, but I'm really excited because you
know, for the longest time, like when
you drive to a supercharger, they will
actually tell you how long the weight
is. So, they have all of this
information that can help you pretty
much navigate through like what's the
wait time going to be, when is it your
time to go, and where do you go? Um,
along with being able to coordinate the
the stalls that are broken as well. So,
&gt;&gt; well, they can always just have a huge
popup on your screen as a prompt to tell
you.
&gt;&gt; Totally. Totally. They're gonna
definitely need it, though,
&gt;&gt; like they do when you disengage. That's
insane.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Well, actually, so sorry, totally
off topic. One complaint that I have is
uh so when I've been there was a couple
times I was in San Francisco, I did
disengage partially because I wanted to
um either take footage or do something.
And right when you disengage, the prompt
shows up and then it blocks the map.
So, I can't see where I need to go.
Like, I saw a cy So, long story short, I
saw a cyber cap. Okay. And of course,
you got to whip out the phone and
record.
And so, and I I had to do it, you know,
I had to drive myself. Okay. So, but you
know, don't recommend this.
&gt;&gt; Like a caveman.
&gt;&gt; Like a cave.
&gt;&gt; Like a caveman.
&gt;&gt; He was on the phone with me, by the way,
and hung up on me. I got to go.
&gt;&gt; Outrageous.
&gt;&gt; Exactly, dude. That's what happens that,
you know, that's what happens. You know,
when you got a you gota when you got a
B-roll, you got a B-roll. So I I was
like and it showed up, but unfortunately
what's happening is like you can't see
if you're about to take an exit and some
of this other stuff. So I'm like
clicking something random just to see
the map again. But that'll that'll be
something that they need to make it less
pronounced and off to the side and hold
for a little longer than just blocking
the full screen because it blocks the
full map.
&gt;&gt; Sorry complaint tangent.
&gt;&gt; All right, Joe.
Mr. Semi go. Tesla semi has begun. Zang
has the that that uh image is him that
when before it started and and where
they are now and it's just pretty crazy
to to see. But yeah, the Tesla semi has
begun. They have started. It's no more
just a dirt lot and all the people who
said it wasn't going to happen. All the
people who said it wasn't possible.
Yeah, man. You'll see no retractions
from this.
Shout out to Bill Gates.
&gt;&gt; Elon needs to drive one over to Billy
G's house.
&gt;&gt; Oh, dude. Uh, Engineering Explained did
a whole video like he did on the
Roadster. How it wasn't possible. And
yeah, it it's wild.
&gt;&gt; I'm telling you, if there if there if if
there's any chance they do like a ride
and drive here, I I've talked to Herbert
about it. Herbert lives not too far from
Bill Gates and we're going to take one
and drive it up to his gate and push the
button, see if he wants to come out and
take a look.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, you're going to need to get Xander
to bring his his order that he has and
literally just honk the
&gt;&gt; Yeah, it's it's it's crazy. You can't uh
you can't let people get too far out of
their lane of expertise. Bill Gates is
very good at creating antirust problems.
Uh but when it comes to actual
engineering of a physical product, less
skilled, uh these are uh real. They are
now in production. They are now coming
out the door. Uh huge shout out to
Zangler for getting us the footage as
often as he does. It's a thankless job
sometimes, but he's still doing it. Uh
so yeah, these are um legit. And I think
uh the the big thing is and I had an
opportunity to ride in an eCascadia
recently. They are just trucks. They
have to make sense. Uh the power of
course is all there. The green savings
is all there of course. Uh but does it
make financial sense? And it looks like
the break even point is right at about
300 grand. If you can sell a with a
landed cost of 300 grand or less,
electric makes sense. The legacy guys
can't. They're all in the 400 500 range.
And uh Tesla uniquely, at least in the
US, uh has over the road trucks that can
do do the work for under 300. Uh the
only other one is BYD, but those really
don't go on the roads as much. They're
generally just at the ports.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. And I I mentioned this I think two
weeks ago, but like Freightlininer, who
is making electric semis in Portland,
has cut their production like down by
like 99%. So
&gt;&gt; it's it's down 90. It was they sold uh
so that's the e Cascadia I got to ride
in. It was the near the Portland
factory. Yeah, they went from producing
a thousand last year to they're on
target to hit a hundred this year. Uh is
it's not great.
Yeah, it's
all right. Well, with that said, uh
looks like the Model X is soaring high,
especially in the secondhand market. Uh
we are seeing uh you know the Model X is
the fastest selling used car, used
vehicle in the US. So, this is not just
like you know um you know SUVs, trucks,
whatever. This is just you know every
vehicle that's being sold right now. um
used Model X's are moving um you know
faster even than than gas cars um and um
and it's just again the signal here um
that you also have this factor where you
know people are getting their refund
checks but I will say that being able to
buy a car that can drive you you know
especially if you cannot afford a new
one uh really getting even a you know a
2020 2022 Model 3 or something the the
it's it's very cheap right now for some
of those vehicles. And it really if
you're commuting, it's a it's a
no-brainer, right? Um and um and even if
you're not, it's a great daily, it's a
great also weekend car. You can take it
to the track if you really wanted to. Uh
there's a lot of fun that you can do
with it. But really, really good to see
that, you know, just this, you know,
it's kind of it's fitting for this this
the the Fabraier egg to go off like it
is. And so, um yeah, really really cool
to see. And um one thing I don't think
uh Joe I don't know did you um I haven't
gotten to all the slides but I think the
Model Y L there was like a a Tesla web
page or it was like listed
um so like the signal is like very clear
that this thing is coming to the US and
the second thing is they had what is it
Kim Java Ryan Shaw I mean just uh what
is it Kyle Connor they all went out to
China recently to film the Model Y so
the signal is there.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
Yeah. Inevitable.
&gt;&gt; I would say on uh I know Kyle just went
to a showroom to check it out. I don't
know if the other people uh were given
some kind of a invitation to come see
it. Uh but it makes sense. It makes
sense. The US loves big cars. The Y is a
slightly bigger car. It's It's coming.
it. Well, the signal it's it's at least
coming up uh north of uh and closer to
you and uh Matthew sooner than us
potentially.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, we we might we might have to make
a road trip. You know, I mentioned Ken
Woo from the Tesla Synopsis account was
done in Seattle last week. So, maybe
I'll have to make a trip up to Vancouver
and take a drive in the Model Y L if
they get a demo unit and stuff.
&gt;&gt; How How far is Vancouver from uh
Seattle? two two hours plus the border.
So, the border could be five minutes or
45 minutes, you know.
&gt;&gt; Interesting.
&gt;&gt; It's closer than Portland. Portland's
like 50% farther away.
&gt;&gt; Wow. That's That's crazy.
&gt;&gt; And this is where I stole the thunder a
slide early.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. So,
&gt;&gt; people want it, but they're going to
Osborne the sales of the of the Y
currently right now if they would
mention it, which is why I don't think
they're they're saying anything.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, I I think the order page is just
going to go up, you know, one day,
&gt;&gt; one Thursday night. It's just going to
be one of the options and then
&gt;&gt; and Sawyer will see it. How? How? So,
&gt;&gt; he's got to have he's got to have alerts
set up.
He's got API pings.
All right. Yep. So, Yel is now available
also too in India looks like. So, it's
&gt;&gt; just going everywhere but America.
&gt;&gt; Exactly. Well, you know, I it's cool to
see that this company like for the
longest time like you know, everything
was launched here then happened
everywhere, but now they've built all of
the manufacturing to hap and and they
can build the use cases for specific
countries and launch them there and have
specific design studios for those
countries. So, it's really cool, I
think, to see that um to see that, you
know, how how that all is happening. Um,
and the YIL was like a first Shanghai
launch, China launch. And, uh, you know,
cool to see all of the new countries
that it's coming to.
&gt;&gt; All right, Joe, what's the upbeat, man?
&gt;&gt; We're going to move rapidly through
this. I want uh Matthew to hit the uh
that Montreal slide.
&gt;&gt; Uh, here, let me look up which one it is
because I don't want to go
&gt;&gt; the next one.
&gt;&gt; Okay. All right. So with that, let let's
hit uh let Matthew hit this.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. So this was just announced. The
Boring Company is taking uh will take
control of the existing Montreal
infrastructure when when it's end of
life tier in a few years, which is
pretty pretty exciting. You know, the
the Montreal goes to, you know, I think
a half dozen um stops in in Vegas, and
it's not really used that much. You
know, it can go from one hotel to to
another very specific hotel. Obviously,
it's a I believe it's a p, you know, you
have to buy a ticket, but there's just
friction in, you know, walking to where
the the Montreal stations are, and you
have, you know, like I said, very
limited station. So, eventually you'll
be able to take a Boring Company or a
Vegas loop, you know, ride from the from
the airport to the convention center to,
you know, a half dozen to a dozen
hotels. And then also these tracks, the
the tracks will be removed. They'll put
pre pre-cast road on top of the current
tracks and you'll be able to drive uh
you know on the existing Montreal
infrastructure. And I think this will be
not only very convenient for you know
visitors in Las Vegas but what a great
advertisement. You know I I go to Vegas
uh for work you know handful of times a
year and you do not you do not see um
you know the the Boring Company loop
unless you're at an event at the
convention center. you just don't see
it. And most events are not at the
convention center. They're they're at,
you know, one of the 20 plus hotels
surrounding it. So just visually, you
can see the Montreal from the strip and
people will see these cars like
essentially flying in the air and
there's going to be quite quite the
interest in in it. I will tell you that
anytime I've been at an event in the
convention center, doesn't matter what
the event's about, anyone who rides in
the in the in the Model Y that are
there, they're just kind of blown away
at the service. They just love them.
There's so many international travelers,
so many people coming from regions where
Teslas are not super popular like they
are, you know, California and
Washington. So, it's just going to be
such an incredible advertisement for for
Tesla as well.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Go ahead. Go ahead.
&gt;&gt; Oh, I was just going to say I don't
know. Montreal seems like it might be
more of a Shelbyville idea.
&gt;&gt; I gotta jump, guys.
&gt;&gt; Later later, Matthew. Have a good one.
All right. So, with that said, um yeah,
I mean, so I experienced uh probably one
of the first several hundred like FSD
rides through the loop, too. So, it was
crazy how Tesla was able to not only
take the streets, but also have those
same Teslas be able to understand the
tunneling system. And obviously they
kind of had um se at the time, right?
It's it's all kind of new, but they had
several systems kind of like
communicating together. But just to be
able to have, you know, the car drive
itself through the tunnel, come up out
through the tunnel and into the street
and park is was just cool because it but
it just shows the future. I mean, if
there's ever going to be, you know, a
planet um if there's ever going to be um
a city on Mars, I mean, that's what
you're going to have, right? You know,
you literally put a proof rock up there,
have it drill, next thing you know, you
have Tesla's just being able to drive
itself and and move the community
underneath the ground, which is going to
be just, you know,
uh, really wild. All right, Brian. Uh,
GM self-driving cars for all. GM says
its cars will drive themselves by 2028.
&gt;&gt; I mean, I feel like they're just playing
the greatest hits at this point.
When I'm uh approached by the haters who
say Elon lies about timelines, I say he
doesn't know about timelines. He's
making assumptions based on the best
information available from his
engineers. If you go back to 2012, 2015,
even 2016, you would find that every car
maker, every software development
company, everyone was convinced they
would have it by 2020. Nissan announced
it in 2012. They didn't stop talking
about it until 2016. We're going to have
full level four, level five by 2020.
Was Nissan lying? No. They really
believed it. They really thought they
were going to do it. And yeah, we're
pulling a George Castanza a bit and
saying it's not a lie if you believe it.
But if it's all the information you
have, GM is back. They've got a fresh
batch of of confidence. 2028, guys,
that's two years away. We can do it. Do
you know how many nines we racked up in
the last year? one just like every year.
So, it is uh I appreciate the
aspiration. Maybe someday we'll get to
the point where driverless uh tool kits
are so ubiquitous that a high school
project can drop them into a to an
existing car and make something work,
but that day ain't today. So, GM, I
appreciate that you have big dreams.
What you don't have is any way to
achieve them. Uh, so I'm not cautiously
optimistic. I'm just cautious.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; How far be how far behind would they be?
&gt;&gt; Well, that's what I was going to say.
Um, and sorry for the racket, but um I,
you know, so I may have to mute myself
if it gets too bad. But I just want to
say real quick is that um the world is
changing so fast right now that people
have no idea. I was at a again
networking event last yesterday
yesterday and they were talking about
what is the next breakthroughs at least
on the AI side and they were literally
like being able to drop a three-hour
video and having the AI watch it in
seconds but those are the type of
breakthroughs that people are looking
and thinking about right now. Um because
u and so when you think of the AI space
when it comes to full self-driving in
two years from now this is going to be
you know whatever they're working on is
probably going to be a dinosaur given
the results that they've clearly been
showing us you know these past two
decades. Um the world is just just
changing with a agents running things,
AI, you know, and artificial general
intelligence happening.
And so like I at this point, I don't
know if this is just uh you know, signal
to to move the stock a little bit. Uh
but at the at this point, it's like it's
really just not going to matter, right?
It's just going to come down to several
companies running this. And I I really
think that the license the licensing and
really the build factor for, you know,
putting like Tesla cameras to run their
self-driving technology is going to be a
thing.
All right, Joe, this one's to you, man.
Near patients. This is uh pretty cool.
So the neural link patients, they got to
experience controlling a robot arm
uh recently and it's pretty cool that
the the if I mean you've interviewed
them so you already know but the amount
of freedom that just neurolink alone
gave them but now to be able to move
physical objects in space is just
another thing there. This video showed
uh people putting on hats and doing all
kinds of things and and it was really
really cool to see what's what's
possible and and what Neurolink is
giving to people who who this was never
have been possible without like
just what Neurolink is able to do.
Pretty wild. Awesome.
&gt;&gt; Yep.
&gt;&gt; All right, Brian. Tickets for
self-driving violations is coming.
&gt;&gt; I hope so. This makes sense. way. You
know, just because you're a robot
doesn't mean you're off the hook. We saw
Whimo involved in a fourc car collision
the other day. Nah, you guys figure it
out. I'm out of here. Uh, that was wild
to see. You're not going to ticket
Whimo. You're not going to arrest Whimo.
Well, I mean, maybe not arrest, but if
your vehicle is going to be breaking the
law, I think you need to uh pay that.
And if the laws are too silly and need
to be amended, great. Let's have a
grown-up conversation about that. Uh if
uh if there's no punishment for a robot
breaking the law, then I think all the
robots should break the law all the
time. Get me where I'm going faster. I
don't know. And also, could you could
you just swipe an Uber Eats order for me
if we're not enforcing anything? So,
yeah, this makes sense. It's just a step
that had to happen.
&gt;&gt; I need that credit card. Yeah, I think I
put that slide in there because Yeah,
there it is right there because that
video is wild to see. Like, it literally
hits multiple cars and just keeps on
driving.
&gt;&gt; Well, I can't I can't tell who hit who,
but it looks like it's the back of the
Whimo in the front of another car. So,
it looks like Whimo got hit and was
like, "No, to buff out. Take care, you
guys. No, you need to stop. There's
going to be autonomous hit and runs.
&gt;&gt; Dude, can you imagine if this was a
Tesla that hit a car?
&gt;&gt; Yeah, it'd be crazy.
&gt;&gt; All right, so we hit that one. Um, all
right. Uh, Joe Optimus building permits.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, Joe Tetmire had some really cool
stuff uh for his subscribers only. I'm
pretty sure he's going to put it in
video, but yeah, they had some permits
for for the groundbreaking that they're
doing over there. And he said uh the
files for Travis County, this is all
about the north campus and it's all for
the Optimus on a northwest campus. So,
they are just going full steam ahead.
It's going to be pretty awesome to see
that factory up and up and going.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, it's happening. I was I I think it
wasn't until um well again Joe I I don't
uh I'm not able to watch all of Joe's
videos or things like that, but I was
shocked when they showed the land was
flat and prepped and ready to go. I was
like, "Dude, this is just like lightning
speed."
&gt;&gt; When did this happen? I was asleep for
five minutes.
&gt;&gt; Exactly.
All right, guys. So, with that said, we
are Jeez uh pretty much at the top of
the hour. Just a couple quick reminders.
Um, you know, make sure to support TOSV,
subscribe on X also to uh Futurza,
Matthew DR. Um, and Joe, follow all of
us. Subscribe if you can. Um, and oh,
look,
&gt;&gt; I want I wanted to say something real
quick here. This is the camera that I've
been using for my studio for the past
year. It's beautiful. The lens is
beautiful. And at some point I switched
to the Insta Link 2C and I qu I
challenge anyone to tell me when the
Link 2C is this big. I can see my
screen. It doesn't block my whole field
of view. I love my Sony camera. It does
beautiful work. But if what have I been
doing is my question. So uh good job
Link Juicy.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, I just didn't get it to you
sooner. But, you know, after seeing
Joe's uh beautiful face, just like I
don't know, man, just that glow. It just
I was like, man, we got to we got to we
got to make moves for everybody. Um, so
quick shout out to Nory family AI
planning. You can literally upload your
calendar, do tasks, recipes, you know,
to-do lists, all in that there. Uh, will
be more information coming on that soon.
And then OITE. Um, I just got the Onyx
Black Arc Pro. awesome utility to throw
into your um your camping bag or just
going outside. Um and then obviously
some cool swag. So, uh just wanted to
highlight a couple of those. Uh thanks
to all of them to make these, you know,
these type of shows happen on a regular
basis. Uh thanks to Brian and Matthew
Dr. for being amazing co-hosts. Joe for
making the deck and being an amazing
co-host as well. Uh their channels are
tagged here on YouTube and on X. So make
sure you give them all a follow and we
will catch you guys all on the next one.