Channel:     brighterwithherbert
Title:       Tesla’s BIGGEST Transition Is Happening Now
URL:         https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PKKvQe8nZ0E
Published:   2026-05-14 13:30 UTC
Fetched:     2026-05-14 14:00 UTC

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Lots of progress for Optimus, FSE, and
Cybercap. First, the very last Tesla
Model S just rolled off the line. This
not just marks the end of an era, but
the beginning of the new book for Tesla.
This comes as new job openings show
Tesla's hiring for data collection
operators for Optimus, not just in
Austin and Fremont, but also Palo Alto,
Leop, San Diego, and Marina del Rey in
California, as well as Henderson,
Nevada. Tesla's training optimist at his
engineering offices and factories. This
is right in line with Elon's statement
that the first 5,000 Optimize will be
used for training. Second, Belgium is
moving closer to allowing Tesla FSE
Supervised with an announcement that
they will be testing the system on
Flemish roads for at least 3,000 m to
gauge any differences between Dutch
roads and Belgium roads. And now, the
Swedish Transport Agency has also issued
a new statement saying they're also
closely following the ongoing EU
process. Third, Tesla's actively hiring
self-driving data collection supervisors
in 33 cities right now. The cyber cap
continues to be spotted all over the US,
most recently Miami, San Francisco, and
Houston. Florida Governor Ron DeSantis
had good things to say. We got Brian
White joining us today. He's one of our
only true Tesla journalist. Check out
his YouTube channel, Future Oz, for
exclusive on the ground factory tours
and interviews. Brian, do you have good
things to say?
&gt;&gt; No, never. Uh there's a lot of context
we need to add into this. I'll tell you
though, the story I'm just excited about
is the Belgium one because the more
countries that get into this, the harder
it gets to stop the rising tide of
autonomy, it's just safer. We've just
seen how much safer it is. Those of us
who live with it every day, it's going
to make life better.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, it is definitely safer. All right,
we've got uh a number of progress to
show here. First, uh, this is just
happened. Now, the Tesla, the last, very
last Tesla Model S just rolled off the
line. This specific one will be on
display at the Fremont factory and
everybody signed it. The last Model S. I
love this car. I wish I bought this car.
It is so gorgeous. I am disappointed
that it's going
&gt;&gt; I just can't believe that even inside
the factory, they can't control
vandalism. This car is ruined. Whoever
buys it, Steve's going to need to wrap
it. Uh, but I bet you he'll wrap it with
a clear PPF because that's just too
cool.
&gt;&gt; Steve Jervson is the the guy who bought
the very first a VC very first Model S
off the line and he, you know, nice
&gt;&gt; is now buying the last one as well.
&gt;&gt; Beautiful.
&gt;&gt; It uh it was a very important car, don't
you think? I mean it u it was the very
first e car that basically showed that
electric vehicles aren't just oh golf
cars.
&gt;&gt; They're not compliant cars.
&gt;&gt; So before the Model S, you had almost no
bespoke EVs. The Bolt uh the Nissan the
Nissan Leaf was a from the ground up
electric car, but it was still very much
a compliance car. It was slow. It had
ridiculously poor range. No thermal
management meant that your 84 miles of
range would quickly drop to 60 in most
climates. And everybody else was just
taking like a Ford Focus and putting a
battery in the back. That's terrible. If
you find those for sale secondhand, if
you see one on the road, the back end is
sagging because they didn't even change
the suspension.
&gt;&gt; So, it's these cars were a joke. And
Tesla said, "Look, we know how to build
it. We know the technology that goes
into it. mostly kind of we're going to
build something that people really want
that becomes a a conversation piece,
something aspirational.
And here we are all these years later
and a lot of manufacturers have yet to
make something as good as the debut
model of the Model S.
&gt;&gt; That is a huge testament to both how
much work they put in and how good the
product was. It was uh you know not
perfect. It had a lot of weird little
quirks, but they worked them out over
time. And if you watch the video with
Jason Kamisa where he gives a just
beautiful summary of the lifespan of the
Model S, you'll find that it is a 97%
different car. It has changed so much uh
where other cars would not have. And uh
he shows the examples. It's fascinating.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Fantastic car. I remember my very
first ride by my business. this guy was
doing business with and he said, "Hey,
I've got a Model S. I mean, you want to
go for a ride?" He was excited to share
with me like, "Please come with me. I
got to throw this like it blew my mind.
It was fantastic." All right. Um, so
this is the end of an era. So, they're
changing the factory now, moving it to
Optimus uh production. And this is a
surprise. It turns out that Tesla's
hiring for all of these different roles
for Optimus, training Optimus. And if
you look at where they're hiring,
Austin, San Diego, Marina, del Rey,
Fremont, Henderson, Lyra, Palo Alto,
it's clearly the engineering offices and
factories
uh that Tesla has in each of those
areas. And these the role is data
collection operator optimist. So it's
it's exactly what Elon said where he was
going to take the first 5,000 bots made,
put them in the offices and engineering
and factories, and then train them
there. This is uh all over the place.
So, Phil Trouy said, "I guess Elon's
statement that the first 5,000 Optimize
will be used for training is still
operative." He says it's a good signal
that Optimus production this summer is
still a thing.
&gt;&gt; Mhm. All sounds correct to me. Uh look,
when we saw them building Giga Shanghai,
we didn't say, "Wow, they're going to
build a factory and then just leave it
sitting there for the future for when
they need it." Same with Berlin. They
built the factory, then they started
making cars. Same with Giga Texas. Giga
Texas was a little different. It was
originally supposed to be three
buildings built over three phases and
the stock price got so high they said
maybe we should do some capital raises.
They did a pair of $5 billion capital
raises. We've got enough. Let's just
build it as one phase which they did.
Soon as before it was done in the case
of all those factories they had already
begun production. So this is how Tesla
operates. If they are building the
factory it's because the product is
ready. We are seeing cyber cabs going
out the door. Uh yesterday or today, it
was Joe Tagmire's video. He spotted 70
70ish, maybe a little over 70 cyber cabs
in the outbound lot. This is happening.
This isn't a maybe someday. This is a
effectively now kind of deal. So with
Optimus, they are now that the Model S
and X are done, they are starting to
pull out that equipment. They are
putting in the Optimus assembly line. It
starts now.
&gt;&gt; That's a good news. Yeah, they're hiring
all these people. That's a very good
sign because they wouldn't invest in it
if it wasn't ready. And uh all these
factories, if it was just one or two,
okay, that's still being tested, but all
of them. So clearly the 5,000 number
sounds right, right? So maybe, you know,
100 in each factory, maybe a little too
much. Maybe it's not yet 5,000, but it
started.
&gt;&gt; We also don't know how many facilities
Tesla has. We know that from time to
time people will stumble upon a new
large building that Tesla owns and
operates and oh well this is our, you
know, regional distributor for exterior
parts. What? Okay, great. We didn't know
it was here. They could have two or
three in there. And really, if you just
put five in every loca, put one in every
showroom to walk around and clean the
smudges off the cars. It's not a great
use of it, but it is going to have you
training, give you training data, and
it's going to give you experience time
with humans, which is something it
desperately needs uh for safety reasons.
&gt;&gt; All right, that was progress on Optimus.
Let's talk progress in FSD. So, here's
the latest. We got Aner. She's the
director of um I don't know what her
title was, but it's basically a person
in charge of deciding transportation, I
think it is. Uh so in Flanders which is
a region in Belgium so they
&gt;&gt; Mhm.
&gt;&gt; right? Is that where he's from? Uh final
testing hopefully a quick homologation
in Flanders. So basically they clearly
said they they're moving forward but
what they decided to do was they're
going to test it over 5,000 kilometers
which is 3,000 mi just to double check
that the Dutch road infrastructure is
different. uh if there's any differences
between the Dutch road and the Belgium
road system. Um and then they're
planning to uh work can be quickly done
on a provisional European type approval
that is valid across the entire Belgium
territory. They're moving forward.
That's the announcement. There she is.
Um and then they're trying to move
forward. That was the one you were
excited about, right?
&gt;&gt; Yes. 5,000 kilometers, 3,000 miles
recently. uh Zack Black Model 3 and Dan
and a couple of and someone else I'm
forgetting who now did a cannonball
across the country. 49 hours on FSD car
made it. Of course the car made it but
49 hours hands-free is pretty good and
it is almost 3,000 mi which means if
they were to just use roundthe-clock
drivers they could get this homologation
done in a matter of days but definitely
in a matter of weeks. So this is coming
up real quick. Now, my question to you
is, are you confident, Herbert, that it
can go 3,000 miles safely?
&gt;&gt; Yes.
&gt;&gt; Like you said, in one day, it could be
done in a day.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. So, that's And it's a it's it's
dominoes. You want to start with the
obvious domino, but it's still dominoes.
So, if your cat walks into the middle of
the art arrangement, they're all going
down either way. Uh, looks like testing
is going to start soon. So, they're
moving fast as they can. They want to be
first, I think. And then they said, I
can I could count on the efficient
cooperation of my federal colleague,
Minister Crook, to quickly issue a trial
license plate. In principle, Tesla can
start testing themselves tomorrow with
our administration monitoring this
closely. All right, that's happened. Um,
removing all obstacles. They want to be
first. Very clear. Belgium roads. Here
we go. Now looks like maybe we don't
really know for sure but maybe the same
thing is happening with this in Sweden
but all Swedish transport agency did was
they issued a statement about Tesla FSA
and the ongoing approval and I read
through that translated to English and
it really didn't say anything except
that we support it. We we love
technology and we're going to listen to
whatever the EU member states say and
whatever they vote. uh broader launch
could become possible at the earliest
during the summer or autumn of 2026
which we already knew that's when the
vote is happening. So this is their
statement new driver assistance systems
and ongoing EU process for Tesla and
they just try to clarify that today you
can actually go ahead there is a uh
they've already allowed a trial of
people using FSD on Swedish roads and
they said that's correct. this would be
uh if this is approved this would allow
everybody any you know consumer living
in Sweden can drive on their roads if
this is approved but they didn't really
say anything you know except that we
support this technology and this process
now I don't know if you've got the
Ireland story coming up but Ireland was
asked directly is this approval coming
is and the answer is we are working with
Tesla we have been in talks with Tesla
so the context text for that because I
did dig deeper is that they're not doing
their own testing regimen. They are
looking at uh what what has been done.
They're going to do some independent
test but nothing that's like binding. So
then why is Tesla even talking to them?
The answer is they want all these member
states to vote in the affirmative when
the time comes. And the way to do that
is to get everyone the information, get
them educated so they understand what it
is they're voting on, why it matters.
And you know, I I just I'm inspired. I
feel like this is what we do all day.
Thank goodness others are doing it, too.
&gt;&gt; Great. Yeah, that's a very good point.
That's likely what they're doing. So,
but they're making issuing statements,
which is meaning that they want to be
public out there. Uh same with Ireland.
Yeah, I think I did that story a couple
days ago. So, that is happening. We'll
see which if it's positive or not. But,
uh then here we go. Uh Tesa Yoda had
published this a few days ago. He said
that Tesla's actively hiring
self-driving data collection supervisors
in 33 cities.
&gt;&gt; Mhm.
&gt;&gt; Boom. Including Belleview, Washington.
&gt;&gt; Oh, there's something on his list.
Where's my list? Where is
&gt;&gt; It might have might have fallen off the
bottom of the page. It's a long list.
That's
&gt;&gt; that's uh quite long. But uh it doesn't
matter what the list is because this is
just today's list. Tomorrow's list will
be longer. Not tomorrow necessarily, but
uh we can again we can see the units
going out the door. We know this is
starting. As soon as you've gone
unsupervised,
there's very little reason to stop uh to
not stop using the Model Y. Get the
Cyber Cap out there. Is it validated?
Then let's go. Uh because that's when
the future will look like the future. uh
when the little gold cars may or may not
have people that may or may not be mine.
Uh so yeah, it's we're seeing the future
all around us. There are, you know,
jetpacks. There are Mecca suits that
have been that are now for sale. That's
definitely not crazy. What could go
wrong? But this is the future. So, and
we did see Robocop footage out of
Shenzhen, China. That was not unsettling
at all. So, yeah, it's here.
&gt;&gt; It's here. Okay, so cyber cabs are being
spotted all over the place. Here's one
on Miami roads. The Tesla cyber cab
spotted on the road in Miami. And then
Ronda Santis, governor of Florida.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; Said, "Cybercab in Miami. Be interesting
to see how it performs and how locals
react." Interesting. And then I like
Teslas. He says, "Have you tried the
latest FSD? It's mindblowing good." And
Ronda Santa said, "I have friends who
never touch the wheel anymore be because
of it." So he knows about Tesla full
self-driving. He's very aware of it. He
then continued to interact with the
comments. This person said, "Five people
in our family bought Model Y. We don't
care about electric cars. We wanted the
FSD and we love it. I'm spreading the
gospel everywhere I can, but people
still don't believe it exists." And uh
Ronda Sanders, he said, "I've always
opposed EV mandates, rejected the idea
that EVs will save the world, and prefer
traditional engines for vehicles like
the F-150 I used to drive." That said,
it's clear that Teslas are absolutely
top-notch products. It's not hard to see
how they developed a dedicated
following. That's us.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, it's uh I mean,
I saw the middle post. I saw the one
where he said, "I know people who
haven't touched the wheel." And I think
that's a pretty outrageously big
statement for someone in the public to
make. You know, he's got he's got he
doesn't have auto manufacturers in his
state that he has to protect,
&gt;&gt; but uh still it's it's a big big
statement.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. No, that's a very good point.
What's your thinking about uh his
comment that I wonder how people will
react to this? How the public will
&gt;&gt; you know, I don't know. Florida has a
large retirement community. Um, so maybe
he's suggesting that people of a certain
age are less likely to be early adopters
of technology. And I know there's some
truth to that. Although you and I uh are
in the early adopter space, so we meet
early adopters of all ages. I think uh
you and I have seen enough people freak
out over something like Summon that I
think he's absolutely right. It will be
interesting to see how people react to
the idea of uh you know I I can't drive
myself back from the optometrist today
or the dentist or whatever. I guess
today's the day I take a driverless car.
Let's see how it works. Uh it'll be
interesting.
&gt;&gt; I have a my my theory is that it's not
it's less about the fact that this is
driverless. It's going to be price
point. Do you remember when um Uber
first came out and this idea that Uber
you you have an option against
alternative to taxis and taxis were very
expensive so I barely use taxis you know
I rarely would use it here right and you
know your airport is uh 20 miles away
you'd have so then I would always drive
there park the car pay the outrageous
parking lot fees even park on the
parking lot outside and then take a bus
in and do all that because the cost is
just ridiculous to take a taxi to drop
you off and drop you back and then they
inconvenience. Uber comes and of course
they're completely funded by VC. So they
just bring down the price points and
everybody goes, "My god, this is
amazing, right? An app, I can order and
it's so easy and then it comes and it's
cheaper." That is the killer. Now, if
they if Tesla comes in and says it's 50%
cheaper than Uber, doesn't matter if
it's driverless or not. That's not the
point.
&gt;&gt; I'm going to take a a slightly different
take on it. So when Uber came in, it's
not so much they killed taxis. They may
have done that to an extent. Taxis
didn't have the life that Uber has. Uber
became easy. When you're in a new town,
you call a taxi. I don't know where I
am. I'm not sure how you're going to get
here. I don't know how long it's going
to take. This is just a pain. I don't
like this. Uber makes it painless. And
yes, at first they were cheaper. Now
they're really on par in some parts of
the world where I've been. They're more
expensive than taxis. It's very
frustrating
with I I see a lot of people saying yes,
but Cyber Cab is going to be so much
cheaper. It'll crush Uber. And I say it
doesn't have to be. Uber will be
crushed. Make no mistake. But they'll be
crushed way before uh a price war could
ever erupt because if it's the exact
same price as Uber, people will take it
because there's no obligation to tip.
There's no judgment that I'm gonna be on
my phone or the music's, you know, we
have to negotiate the music. We have to
negotiate the temperature. All that BS
is gone and I can just be be at peace by
myself. And if I don't want to be by
myself, I can chat with Grock because I
got that in my pocket or on the screen.
Um, so even if it was the exact same
price, it would be cheaper and better.
Now you start going down the price
ladder a bit and it becomes what Uber
was originally which is unlocking new
markets
&gt;&gt; market. I'm very aware that Whimo
charges more than Uber and people still
prefer to use a Whimo because it's
driverless. I get that. I understand
that driverless is a is a feature. But
my point is that if you are a brand new
service in a new city and people don't
know anything,
&gt;&gt; what drives people is the price first
and then they will go, "Oh, this is
cheaper."
&gt;&gt; Then they'll discover that, "Oh,
driverless kind of nice." And then that
adds in as opposed to the opposite. It's
like, "No, people people aren't
searching for driverless cars. What
they're searching for is cheaper and
better transportation."
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; And then all these things add up. all
the all these value propositions add up,
you know,
&gt;&gt; as the price comes down, more more
market unlocks. For me, if uh it's a
question of how much parking times days
costs versus a cyber cab, uh if I'm
doing a three-day trip, uh it's probably
cheaper to just park at the airport than
to take even a cyber cab because I'm far
enough out. But if it gets if I get to
the if it gets to the point where it's
just plain cheaper, who on earth would
ever park at the airport again if you
can just show up? And we may get there,
but the longer the trip, the easier the
decision, and the more the price comes
down, the more people can make that
decision.
&gt;&gt; Slap cabs are being spotted everywhere.
Here is more spotting in San Francisco.
And this this photo is the world's
Blackberry versus iPhone moment.
&gt;&gt; That's a funny context. And by the way,
you can tell that that's a production
one because of how shiny it is.
&gt;&gt; Mhm.
&gt;&gt; The production ones are shinier than the
uh demonstrator models. The validation
ones are matte gold.
&gt;&gt; Beautiful shot.
&gt;&gt; Mhm.
&gt;&gt; All right. Um and then another one where
these are being spotted in Houston as
well. So, seems to be happening.
&gt;&gt; Lovely.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; A lot of strong opinions about the wheel
covers. Guys, I don't care. It's a it's
it's how I get around. The fact that it
happens to look cool is cool, but it's
by no means a necessary condition.
Yeah.
Yeah, that looks You can see the
teardropness of it.
&gt;&gt; Mhm. Yeah. I'm not sure I like the u the
the fact that the black the back is just
completely covered and there's no window
there. H you won't notice once you're in
it because you know my passengers never
look out the back window. They don't
have mirrors.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
Okay. And then I wanted to ask you about
this. So there is um the shots about
much closer shots of the cyber cab. This
one was spotted supercharging.
&gt;&gt; Um look at the back here. So, it's being
it's being uh charged at the back here
at the bottom,
&gt;&gt; right?
&gt;&gt; So, that tells me a couple things. One
is um like, you know, they put it in the
bottom. Now, if this was
I guess it doesn't matter because it's
not going to be consumers because it's
not like you're buying the car and
you're going to have to do yourself at
home. If you were, that would be like
completely
have to bend down all that
&gt;&gt; ergonomically poor design. But they
decided to do that for probably because
it is designed for wireless. But
wireless is not available yet. So they
did this for now. I have heard rumors
and I think it's pretty strong ones that
Tesla is absolutely delayed in offering
wireless and that's why we've not seen
any progress because they the um actual
technology that they have is got to get
regulatory approval for it because it's
I don't know 150 hertz whatever versus
90 Hz or whatever the numbers are but
it's different than what is approved.
Um, and so they either have to change
the regulation or they have to change
their technology. But there's clear
&gt;&gt; I haven't heard on that part of the
delay. I do know that the uh, the
wideband that they were using to do
pinpoint accuracy to place the vehicle
over the Charger was only approved by
the FCC in February, March, April,
beginning of May. I mean, you can't
really manufacture at scale any kind of
new product like that in in less than
three months. Okay.
&gt;&gt; So, it could just be that that they just
got that approval and that they're
waiting for it to roll out, you know, to
to get them actually built.
&gt;&gt; It could be that there's something else.
&gt;&gt; Okay.
&gt;&gt; But yes, they're going it it I've had,
of course, you and I see a number of
deeply skeptical people, many of whom
are just brand haters, many of whom are
paid agitators on social media. Bots are
real and prevalent. they'll never be
able to make this because someone has to
plug it in today. I go, "Buddy, they go
back to a depot. There's humans at the
depot. Did you know?"
&gt;&gt; Uh, so that is not a real concern.
&gt;&gt; And over time, it's not a concern
because they'll either because they'll
figure it out either way.
&gt;&gt; I'm confident that
&gt;&gt; they know what they're doing. And to
suggest that they don't is a little uh
&gt;&gt; it's ridiculous
&gt;&gt; is dumb there. I see.
&gt;&gt; It's it's it's a tiny little thing, but
yeah, if they had to if they couldn't
get wireless pass, they'll do a remember
that snake thing that they built. It's
just an automated thing. Just plug in
and it plugs out.
&gt;&gt; A bunch of ways to skin that cat.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; But you know,
&gt;&gt; all right, take a look at the interior.
I know you're one of the people that
really understands the cyber cab so
well. Take a look at this, though. What
is What do we see here? So, first of
all, this looks like a makeshift entry.
This is your best shot here that this
was designed without steering wheels and
pedals
&gt;&gt; and then they just kind of threw it in
because they need it now for testing.
That's what it looks like. Look at it.
&gt;&gt; That's correct. So, this is they
basically rip the dash open and have a
mounting point for a steer by wire
interface. Um, but it still needs a lot
of the mechanisms. It's not as easy as
just putting in a controller. A Game Boy
controller kind of thing. A Nintendo Wii
steering wheel would be cool. It isn't.
Uh, they need to then have the airbag on
it. That's a Cybert truck squirkle wheel
there that has the airbag in in it. And
um, yeah, you can tell that. And that
bar underneath, I'm not sure what
exactly that's doing. Yes, that with the
pads, but you can tell enough drivers
have banged their knees on it that they
had to add the pool noodles.
&gt;&gt; Uh, so yeah, it's just uh engineering
validation stuff. Um, and as much fun as
it would be to have a cool little
two-seater, um, it would drive like a
forklift. So,
&gt;&gt; this thing up here, Brian, what's that?
&gt;&gt; Well, that's probably his handcuffs for
personal reasons. No, I I have no idea.
&gt;&gt; I can't even tell if it's attached to
the front or the side. The
&gt;&gt; side. Yeah, we don't know what that is.
&gt;&gt; So, I don't know. Okay.
&gt;&gt; Because I don't see it in that picture,
but
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. I don't know.
There we go. So, that's the cyber cab
being spotted everywhere.
Here we go.
&gt;&gt; So, I did a show uh just very recently,
yesterday, I guess, by the time this
publishes, and I did gave out my
theories, and one of my theories is that
I think cyber cabs are being driven,
right? They're being made 20 to 40 a
day, and it's going to slowly increase
over time. All of these are being driven
everywhere. They're bringing out all the
cities, 33 cities, they're being tested
everywhere, but that it'll take a month,
two months before it would actually be
put into service as a true robo taxi in
Austin.
&gt;&gt; They need the data. It's completely
different form factor. They want to test
it heavily. You know, we got the Model
Y, you and I driving it on the Model 3.
That's heavily tested for years now.
Pretty confident about that data set. 8
billion miles of full self-driving
supervised, but they don't have that
data for the cyber cab. You don't need
all 88 billion. I'm not saying you need
all of it, but you need more than just,
okay, ready to go. We pop it out of the
factory and now we're going to put it in
recon service. I think it's going to
take a couple months, maybe three,
before we actually see this in actual
practice. Everybody I've asked has said,
"Nope, you're wrong. It's going to
happen basically imminently this
weekend, next weekend." And I and I
think it could um maybe ceremonially
like they'll go, "Oh, here's the first
one and Elon says Cyber Cab is alive,
but then they don't actually put 10, 20,
30, 50, 100." I think that they'll delay
that. What's your opinion on that?
&gt;&gt; Sure, they could do a ceremonial one,
you know, like first customer driverless
delivery, uh, which we haven't seen
another one of since last June. This
could be, uh, I don't think it's the FSD
that they're validating. I think it's
the vehicle itself. I think it's the
three and Y have how many billions of
total road miles in the real world. The
known modes of failure are not
applicable. Uh but the cyber capab is
still very new and the production actual
production one surely has almost no
miles real world miles. So I don't think
it's the FSD. I think it's the the
physical object. And I mean again uh if
the whole world changes uh today
in 10 years you'll look back and and say
which year was it again? It doesn't
matter. Thank you so much Brian. That
was very good comments. Appreciate your
knowledge. Follow Brian on his channel.
Check him out there. Future Aza. I heard
that he can predict the future. That's
why he called it that.
&gt;&gt; Thanks everybody. Bye-bye. I've created
a website that is the most comprehensive
resource for the Tesla investor. Please
check it out. Simply go to my website at
herbalm.com.