Channel:     futureaza
Title:       Robotaxis Are Changing Faster Than Expected
URL:         https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-hErD3DfCzE
Published:   2026-04-29 17:00 UTC
Fetched:     2026-04-29 18:00 UTC

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Okay, welcome everybody. So, uh I think
everybody here knows who I am, but I
will tell you anyway because that's part
of the presentation and you know, we're
uh having some fun. This is going out on
the internet. Uh what we're going to be
talking about though is robo taxis,
dedicated bespoke uh purpose-built robo
taxis, cars that are not meant to be
driven, and the different approaches and
which one makes the most sense. This is
a a follow on of a presentation I did
last week for the Los Angeles Owners
Club. I'm Brian. I run a channel called
Futurazza. I've been doing it for about
five and a half years. Made about 3,200
videos. I am a regular guest appearance
uh guest on a variety of channels uh
because I uh know some things and uh
take being an analyst very seriously. I
do about five, six guest appearances a
week. Got an exciting one coming up that
might not be in English. And then uh
yeah, I've been to invited as a guest to
speak at events all over the country,
all over the world, and I've toured
factories in the US, in China, wherever
I can. So robo taxis exist today, the
cars that drive themselves.
You may have seen them. I know some
people here have been in them in other
cities. Whimo with their Jaguar IPACE.
Zuks with their cool little box, their
very futuristic box. Tesla with either
their Model Y or the Cyber Cab and many,
many Chinese competitors. So, there's
three approaches. I call them a car, a
car plus, and first principles designed.
A car, you may recognize, is a car. When
Tesla launched their robo taxi network,
they didn't do it with a cyber cab. They
did it with a Model Y. that is just
barely modified. It has uh the only
difference is is it has a stronger 5G
antenna in it in the back window and
eventually they put some uh squirters on
the side on the on the cameras because
as we've been telling them for many
years, those cameras get obscured too
easily. It is though more or less just a
car. This is Xiaoang or Xpang as they'll
probably choose to be called in the US.
They don't care how you pronounce it as
long as you spell it right. This is
their P7. This is what they're using to
test robo taxis in Guangjo. That's it.
It is done. That is all the sensors and
all the everything it's going to get.
The only thing missing is a license
plate. And if you want to get real sad,
this car is $32,000.
Okay, so regular car has regular car
features as you know. stamped body,
pretty uh standard all-purpose motors,
brake, suspension. It's got to be a good
mix of you're going to turn hard, you're
going to stop hard, you're going to go
hard. Uh but you also have to be
affordable.
Unibody construction with those stamps
and then um paint, tires, wheels. Some
of those things you may not need because
we're talking about car plus.
You got all your regular car features.
Look at this. and and try and consider
how many of these things you do not need
if you're in the backseat of a cab or a
limo. So much of this is uh
purpose-built for you to drive it. And
then of course just the glass. Look at
how many pieces of glass this car has.
That's a lot of glass, man. So regular
car features. You got all that stuff.
Cabin glass, all of it. Now the Car Plus
Plus. Look at all that extra stuff. Now,
what I like to joke is when I see these,
I go, "Now, remind me, is this one the
robo taxi?" I can't tell because it's
got a lot of stuff added on. This adds
tremendous expense.
Whimo took the Jaguar iPace,
found a company that would do all the
upfitting, and actually it's a little
different. They found the company that
would do all the upfitting and said, "By
the way, do you make any cars?" And
Magna said, "We make the IPACE." They're
like, "Oo, that would cut some time out
of it, wouldn't it?" So Jaguar makes
this IPACE in Austria. No, Switzerland.
In Switzerland somewhere in Europe,
which is it?
&gt;&gt; Austria. Yeah. They make this car in
Austria. They ship it to Arizona where
they do all these add-ons and then it
goes to the market it's going to serve.
That's an expensive approach because
yeah, you've got all the things you
need, but then you've got all these
extra luxuries as if you're going to
drive it and then you've got all this
nonsense glued onto it.
Whimo does plan to use this the Zeer mix
except that's from China. So, are you
saving money if you put a 100% tariff on
something coming from China? If
anything, your price goes up. And again,
so much added on to it. So, buy a car,
add add the sensors, the connectivity,
the safeguard, the other comforts and
conveniences. And then what you've got
is a car that's kind of a pain in the
butt to clean, to maintain. And as I
pointed out, Jaguars are not exactly
built to last forever. Someone said,
"Well, I was in a Jaguar Ipace, a Whimo,
and it had over 200,000 miles on it." I
said, "Right, because no matter what it
costs to fix, it's still cheaper than
buying another one because they're
discontinued.
So, they don't have many choices.
Regular car plus you've got your $50,000
purchase minimum. If they get to a good
scale, 20,000 to upfit, 5,000 in lost
time and shipping. So, if you're at
150,000 miles at 50% utilization, your
first buck a mile goes to the cost of
the car. And I think 150,000 miles is
generous for a car like that. And I
think 75,000 is half what it costs. At
least according to the Wall Street
analysts. So approach number three is
first principle. Start at the beginning.
Ask what do I need this car to do? What
do I need it to do? Is for the right
number of wheels.
Step all the way back and start there.
So what you get is is this is this it?
This is You remember Johnny Cab?
&gt;&gt; It was great in the movie, but now that
you look at it, now that you see it in
the daylight, she's not as pretty.
That's tough to get into. There's no
space. Great for shooting, not so great
for real life. Another approach. How
about this pod? I like that. It's got
good uh access. Doesn't look like it
would be great on the road. The
Westworld approach. That's great. You've
got all kinds of seating, all kinds of
space. little tough to get in and out,
but you know, maybe you could have a a
loading dock kind of situation. I feel
like you're getting closer. Well, that's
what Zuks did. They made a box, except
their box, it's a little bit smaller.
They said, "Look, it's purposebuilt for
maximum utility as a robo taxi. It can
drive in either direction, forward and
back. It doesn't care. It doesn't know
the difference. And it's a nice big
square area with four seats facing each
other. But look at how big that step up
is. That's not great. That's not ideal
at all. And then once you're in it, I
immediately noticed that front window is
going to attract pebbles on the freeway
like nobody's business. It's going to
shatter the thing. But they found a
solution to that. And under 25, 35 miles
an hour, arrows, no big deal. that on
the highway, it's going to be like
pushing a brick through water. So, how
did they fix the windshield? See that
tiny little window at the top? That's
your front-facing view. So, that's not
much visibility.
And even though you're if you're coming
from the airport, and they did just add
an airport run to this loop in Vegas,
where does your luggage go?
On your lap.
So why is it so big? Why do we need it
to be that Westworld shape or that zuk
shape when the average trip in the
United States is 1.5 people?
Occupants per vehicle averages 1.5. And
if you look at uh even Uber's numbers,
87% of trips have two people or less.
That's just the normal thing. If you
want four people, what do you do? Well,
when we were in Mexico and we needed six
people, we ordered an Uber XL. You're
going to wait 10 minutes more, but you
fit.
So, this is the Cyber Cab. This is
Tesla's idea of what is the most
versatile.
And when I tell you that absolutely
everything has been thought through, I
mean it. I've talked to the engineers.
The only real change from this, look at
all that luggage space. That's a ton.
Notice that the luggage space is
straight. There's no cutouts for wheel
wells or wheel arches because that's
just one more thing to get torn. That's
one more delay in loading and unloading.
Make it a rectangle.
Even those uh doors, big door swings up
and out of the way for mobility. Those
seats are the same height as a
wheelchair.
If you can get in and out of a couch,
you can get in and out of this car
because you back up, you sit down, and
you just swing your legs in because they
fit because the door hole is so big.
It's aerodynamic. And most importantly,
it's very cheap to build. They have this
unboxed manufacturing method. Two big
castings, a big casting for the whole
front end, big casting for the whole
rear sub assembly. Goes together like
Legos. Because any big idiot can build a
bridge that stands, but it takes an
engineer to build a bridge that barely
stands.
You can overbuild a car, but why would
you think about the Roman bridges?
They're still standing today. Yeah, they
paid too much. So, the unboxed process,
if you look at the front of the car, it
has in it pretty much everything. It's
got the motor, it's got the battery
management, it's got all the
electronics, it's got the cooling loop.
It's all right there. And the three
major components are front, back, and
battery. Everything else just it
basically ends up being about five
pieces. You can see, especially in
picture one, each one of those is the
entire front subasssembly.
It's a really clever system. So, what
you end up with is
very little glass. Remember that picture
I showed you of all the windows on your
car? And if you think about it, you got,
well, I've got my windshield and my side
windows. That's only Oh, and my back
windows, that's five. Oh, I've got a
sunroof. That's six. I've got those
little quarter windows. Seven. Eight.
You're already up to eight. And it's not
even a very big car. If you look at an
SUV, you might have 11 to 13 pieces of
glass.
Cyber cab has three. That's not very
many. How much horsepower do you need?
If I'm going to drive it, I don't know.
I need some get up and go, right? Even
if just for fun, even if just for
safety. Cyber cab really only needs
about 85 horsepower. They're probably
going to go above that 100 110 because
you don't want to pull G's. So that
means you've got a small battery, a
small motor, a small cooling loop.
Everything is simplified that reduces
the weight and it just keeps uh gets you
into a virtue cycle from there. So this
is on a Model Y basically how it's done.
very few pieces all going together. And
do you know how much a paint shop costs
at a large factory at a high-scale
factory? Hundreds of millions to a
billion just for the paint shop. What if
we could just I don't know pull a Saturn
and skip it, which is what they've done.
So in terms of cost per vehicle, you got
something like a Whimo, which Wall
Street is saying 150,000. it can come
down over time. You got the zuks which
is easily 250,000 because everything on
it is custom and it is handbuilt in a
small volume facility.
Well, we could scale that.
Yeah, but you're not getting much below
that. You got a regular Model Y which is
45,000.
Then you've got the Cyber Cap which is
going to be under 30. realistically
probably closer to 25 if they let us buy
it, which is a big if. So, the cost
advantage 25 grand. That's it. That same
150,000 miles at 50% utilization, 67
cents less. And the big difference is
the Cyber Cab isn't built for 150,000
because they don't want to sell it. They
want to keep it. If they're going to
keep it, they're going to build it to be
a half million mile car, a million mile
car. The panels can all be replaced.
They're prepainted. They're It's plastic
that is the correct color or close
enough because it's a cab and who cares.
So, the ongoing cost warranty repairs.
The more parts you have, the more
nonsense, the more BS, the more your
warranty pairs. Ease of repair. If
you're not digging around, if you can
replace the whole front end easily, the
ease of repair is going to save you. The
cleaning and charging. There's no
crevices. There's no door panels.
There's no places to lose stuff and have
to clean. It's designed for ease of
cleaning, which makes it foolproof and
predictable. So, how many parts are in a
car? You ever thought about it? If you
were to count all the rivets, all the
fasteners, all the buttons, all the
wires. If you're looking at a luxury
car, you're looking at 30,000 parts. And
if you think about it, you're like,
"Well, yeah, I can I can I can just
picture endless boxes of screws and
bolts." Tesla's been working to
simplify. People complain not enough
buttons. I want one more button, right?
But you and I want a different button.
And now we're right back where we
started. Model Y, 10,000 parts.
Cyber Cab,
4,000 parts.
How quick is that car going to go
together? For comparison, remember that
liar and all that nonsense we added to
the Whimo? That's over 400 parts right
there. 10% of the total part count of a
Tesla Cyber Cap is just Whimo's add-on
nonsense.
So, right there you can see it's a
different approach. Look at all that.
That top thing has got so many pieces to
it. And then the wiring, the brackets.
So, we're at the exciting part because I
make good time and I practice these in
advance where you can ask me anything.
If you're not familiar with the channel,
I've made it easy. Check it out. I um
publish every day, sometimes more than
once a day. Glenn, what is your
question?
&gt;&gt; Oh, uh more of a comment that u the
approach you're taking reminds me of the
checker caps from New York City.
&gt;&gt; Okay. that were all the replaceable
panels and why it was so popular. An
enormous trunk to get you to and from
the airport. They're just really
modernizing what a checker cab was from
the 1960s.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. So Glenn has pointed out that the
checker cab is kind of the philosophy.
&gt;&gt; We're going to build it ourselves
because even though it's maybe not the
cheapest or the most efficient, they're
going to run forever. And if anything
does go wrong, it's very easy to fix.
That is I would say correct. Uh this is
perhaps even simpler. Uh but yeah, those
uh are still on the road. I don't know
if you had a chance to see one recently.
Any other questions?
Wow. Did I do that good?
&gt;&gt; I have questions. They're all stupid.
&gt;&gt; They're not. I promise you.
&gt;&gt; You haven't heard yet.
&gt;&gt; I have Please. Um, you said something
about uh they're probably not going to
we don't know if they're going to sell
them to uh people yet.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; Does that mean uh fleet sales only to
corporations or
&gt;&gt; Sure. So, the question that is not a
dumb question. Thank you, Matt. When I
say I'm not I'm not 100% confident it
will be available for sale. There are a
couple layers to that. Um, we know
they're going to operate them themselves
because they do. That's already
something they're doing. um that is so
profitable that I wonder how motivated
they will be to partner with anyone
whether that's you and me or fleet
operators. I suspect that after you and
me, the next on the list is the fleet
operators because it's so much easier to
have one point of contact for a hundred
people, 100 cars than it is 100 people
for 100 cars
on the repairs. Though, the one thing I
love is the idea, let's say there's a
recall, let's say this latch needs to be
fixed. I don't think they would tell
you. I think one night your car would
just go get fixed and then come back. I
think what they would do is the service
center at 6:00 or 8:00 when everyone
leaves, a second crew would come in and
cars would just line up and all night
they just replace one latch and in the
morning they've gone through 100, 200
cars. And did you know, do you care?
It's just done. And that means you could
have 100% coverage of your repair of
your warranties
without any hassle. So, why would they
sell it, though? One example I give is
my little town of Long View, Washington.
I don't think it makes sense for Tesla
to deploy their fleet. They're not going
to have cleaners in my town. It's not
big enough. Well, if I want to pay for
it, and I understand that my car is not
going to get nearly as much utilization
as it would in Vancouver or Portland or
Spokane,
let me take that loss. Let me take that
hit. let me take that small profit where
you guys would get just no coverage at
all. So I think that's a possibility.
&gt;&gt; So part of that if they're going to um
sell them to individuals to be able to
do they're going to have to do something
with the insurance and Tesla insurance
is not even in Washington yet. So for us
though they'd almost have to cover that
because what insurance company is going
to cover you from a liability standpoint
with self-driving?
&gt;&gt; Sure. The question is who's going to
ensure these? And I'm not clear on that.
I assume that right now Whimo's fleet is
insured under some big umbrella that
Whimo covers. I don't think Tesla wants
to cover my car's insurance when it's in
use even for them. But I think they
would have to. I think that would have
to be padded into the per mile price.
&gt;&gt; Just build it into the price as long as
you can get Tesla insurance operating.
Well, even even any other company would
do it because somebody is insuring that
Google fleet insurance. I mean, you can
get insurance on, you know, a rockstar's
hair. Uh, but it can be pricey. The
hair, not the insurance. Uh, so what you
get is with with that, I think what you
would see is it's just like assess
assessing risk for anything. If it's my
policy, I just know that
my car is probably going to tap
something at some point in the next
million miles. And the insurance knows
that and that
rates are commensurate to that. So if
it's a $50,000 limit, just divide it by
a million miles if that's what you think
that it's going to be. 20 cents a mile.
Away you go.
&gt;&gt; Or charge per mile.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Or charge per mile. Yep.
Anyone else? Yes, sir. on
&gt;&gt; I've heard a lot of theories on when uh
this is going to be available as full
unsupervised by itself every everywhere
from oh it's there now to it will take
years
&gt;&gt; where do you fall on that spectrum and
where do you think the most likely date
is? So there's in my view two different
things. There's the robo taxi with no
one in it, which does exist today, but
that's more of a puppet. There's someone
somewhere pulling the strings. We don't
know how much they're pulling. We don't
know exactly what they're doing. We
don't know how often they're
intervening. So, for my car to have
unsupervised FSD at unpredictable hours
in unpredictable mileage, I don't know
that they have the resources to handle
all of the Miis.
For truly unsupervised, where there's
literally no one behind the wheel, no
one back at HQ, where instead of someone
watching it happen, it's more like
OnStar, where there's a call center that
can be reached as needed.
that I don't know. That could be a year.
That could be five years. I just It's
over the horizon. And I'm not good at
seeing over the horizon.
Yeah. All right. Anyone else? Or did I
solve all of the world's problems? Well,
you made it to the end, which means you
get to come over and look at my toy
cars. And if you see one that really
speaks to you, you can have it. because
I enjoy buying toy cars more than I
enjoy having toy cars. And I figure if
that's the price it takes to get you
folks here, I'll do it. So everybody,
thank you so much for coming out. If
you're not a member of the OEVA, uh,
join us. We are we're a lot of fun. I
promise. Thank you guys.