Channel:     futureaza
Title:       Tesla Earnings Call Key Takeaways
URL:         https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DQMDefXYb5E
Published:   2026-04-23 12:00 UTC
Fetched:     2026-04-23 13:00 UTC

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Tesla's Q1 earnings update is out and
the news is all good. Universally all
good. No, wait. I just heard checking my
news. It's all bad. I can't tell what it
is, but I can tell you that I am joined
by my buddy Herbert from Brighter who's
precisely that because it's what he does
so well. Uh we're going to figure out uh
all of the things that we were able to
pull from the slide deck and from the
call and figure out is this good news,
is it bad news, and how much risk are we
taking with our financial futures? I'm
Brian. Welcome to Futurazza.
&gt;&gt; Herbert, you uh have had a long day.
This is shot uh on Wednesday evening
when you've had it. It's all fresh in
your mind. I appreciate that. You did
the long the long walk and you survived.
So, I'm I'm I'm glad you're here. Thank
you for doing that. Guys, if you get a
chance, check out Brighter with Herbert.
He does fantastic work. And if you tell
me you haven't seen his channel, I'm
going to doubt you. Uh at the in the
comments, I do want you guys to let us
know what you think are the biggest
risks moving forward and the biggest
opportunities moving forward. I'm not
going to show this the whole time. I'm
going to refer to my notes instead, but
the slide deck is out. IR. tesla.com you
can look at it yourself. Uh we will be
discussing it based on largely the
information that is in there. Operating
income uh 0.9 billion is that what it
was? Uh that is equal to the foreign
exchange money. That's uh that's kind of
even Steven there isn't it? So if they
don't
&gt;&gt; across the board
&gt;&gt; across the board. Yeah. That number
comes across the board.
&gt;&gt; Profitability, operating income, net
income,
&gt;&gt; uh cash flow, free cash flow, everything
went up, which is good.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. So in terms of forward stuff that
I think looks good, uh there are now
170,000 more people on FSD, monthly
subscribers primarily. There were a
handful of people that uh were able to
purchase it uh in Q1, but not very many
did. 170,000 new subscribers is uh 50
million a quarter extra. And uh if you
were to take the whole number, uh which
is now getting quite big, we're looking
at $350
to $380 million a quarter in FSD
revenue. Uh I'd call that a good thing.
What would you call it? Yeah, it's a
very good thing because it's not just
the uptake that happened but also the
number of hours that people are using
it. It's also gone up quite high. I
think uh certain Basher put out together
an analysis and he said that 50% of
people bought of all the people who have
one has bought this. Again, I can't
remember the exact uh definition of what
he meant by that, but it is important
because Tesla just did a new promotion
where they have re kind of changed the
way that the cars are sold where they
put FSD front and center. In fact, the
way that they positioned it was that
this is the car, this is self-driving.
This car is self-driving that happens to
have to be a car, you know, as opposed
to this is the car that happens to be
able to also self-drive and it it's
working. So people are buying it, but
once they try it, they love it and
they're using it a lot more. So we've
turn we made a turning point here. This
shows that it's going to continue to
grow as opposed to it's just a fad and
you know we didn't know but people are
going to accept this as a feature or
truly something you can't live without.
And I think that that is that's where
we're at now. What I would say, my
perception, and this is anecdotal from
people I've talked to, quite a few, not
enough data points certainly to draw a
meaningful conclusion, is that FSD
works. If you get a free trial, you are
much more likely to keep it because
unlike earlier versions which worked
well in, for example, California, very
well in the Bay Area where it was
overfitit for, it now understands
driving styles for a wide variety of
areas and performs exceptionally well in
an awful lot of places. Still not
everywhere, uh, but more places than
ever before. I have had viewers in uh
Europe in the Netherlands who said 14
whichever version they use 13 six
whatever version it is that it works
really well in some places and does some
really goofy stuff in others that uh
like makes them think it needs a little
more training and I would agree that it
definitely will benefit from more
training. Let me give you another bright
spot uh
&gt;&gt; before you move on that that increase in
FSD subscription is only the US. So wait
until Europe adopts it and go beyond
Netherlands. Wait until China goes wider
but also get the better version of FSE.
That is uh this is a thing a sign of
things to come.
&gt;&gt; Yes. 21% automotive gap earnings margin.
That's uh that's that's a eye watering.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. It was a shock, absolute shock
because automotive margins uh went up
and who who expected that that this
quarter, right? They would find a way to
do this. I think that they not explained
that some of it was tariffs.
&gt;&gt; Um that was the expense part of it, I
think. But there, you know, they were
able to increase the margin on this and
that's
pretty pretty.
&gt;&gt; Nobody's getting nobody's Ferrari gets
about 20% Um, historically, Mercedes
could get close to 20%, they are not
getting anywhere close to it anymore.
&gt;&gt; 21% kind of puts them uh in a league of
their own as
&gt;&gt; they're back to where they were in 2022.
So, when with the good days before it
fell, so we're back up
&gt;&gt; uh cash flow uh 1.4 billion picked up
&gt;&gt; hundreds of millions to the pile of
cash. One uh reason I can see for that
is those mega packs that weren't
deployed. That's just the final payment.
If they're out the door, there is
revenue. So, a lot of that revenue is
counted, is received in, even though the
pack itself does not count as deployed.
&gt;&gt; Mhm.
&gt;&gt; But it also means looking forward, we're
going to have even more revenue coming
in from goods that have already been
produced and shipped. Right.
&gt;&gt; Uh wait, wait, we're talking free cash
flow first, right? So 1.7.
&gt;&gt; Yes.
&gt;&gt; Okay. So first of all, that is a huge
huge win, huge number. Um Alexander Merz
couldn't stop talking about it. That was
the thing that blew her mind. U because
we were not expecting Tesla to have a
positive free cash flow this quarter.
&gt;&gt; Having said that, this is it. We're not
going to see more of this. Uh they've
increased the capital expenditure to 25
billion. We're not going to they're
going to start spending the money uh
now. And it's kind of like odd that they
didn't spend it last this quarter
already, right? Uh but we're gonna start
seeing negative cash flow
&gt;&gt; now. And that's why the stock fell. Now,
one one of the you start watching as
soon as they start sharing that number,
stocks start going up and then people
are talking about the 25 billion when
they did that earnings call the stock to
fall. And it's that's going to be
temporary because it's just one of those
you know stupid things where analysts
will go ah they're spending more money
free cash flow if you're spending the
cash because you're building out
products and data data AI data centers
right terra fabs those kind of things
build roll out of robo taxi that's good
news cyber cab reduction I think they
said that there's six factories many of
them are going to start production this
year that is good spend And I want them
to spend more than 25 billion. So
anyways, it's a good band-aid. Positive
free cash flow this quarter. Surprise
everybody. But please do not get
surprise if the following next three
quarters we have massive losses.
&gt;&gt; Yes. And there are some big expenses on
those. We'll get into some of those in a
minute, but you mentioned them and
brought them up nicely. I appreciate uh
Elon and the other executives uh being
forthcoming about upcoming cash expenses
because uh this is an investor call. Uh
investors need to understand what's
coming up and the R&amp;D cost this quarter
was the highest it's ever been. Uh it's
been inching up and that's because if
you look at the products they're making
uh there's a lot to research and
develop. And the reason it's so low,
because it is still very low, that R&amp;D
spend, the reason it's so low is because
everyone who works there is R&amp;D.
Everyone, everyone gives input. Everyone
is uh invited to bring their ideas to
their manager. And if their manager
won't listen, go above their head. You
will not get in trouble.
&gt;&gt; Unbelievable. Uh, in terms of future
potential good things, I I did mention
that mega packs, we've got a lot that
have shipped that have not fully paid
and that's going to improve because more
will ship.
&gt;&gt; When we get
&gt;&gt; Yeah, I was going to put the mega packs
in a negative column.
&gt;&gt; Okay.
&gt;&gt; He talked about he he mentioned that
there's uh expect energy compression. He
said those were his words due to tariffs
and competition.
&gt;&gt; Mhm. So, you know, we thought maybe this
was because of a lumpy quarter while LA
why Q1 was much lower. Uh 8.8 gawatt
hours was a decline. And then he did
they did say that 2026 is going to be
higher than 2025 and record profits.
That was a surprise too. But he then
said expect energy compression because
of competition and tariffs.
&gt;&gt; Sure. I would say tariffs can be
mitigated because uh Tesla has the
ability to tap into that LG deal which
will have uh LFP cells manufactured in
Lancing, Michigan that will not only be
domestic but benefit from the domestic
manufacturing credit if Tesla packages
up the cells themselves. A mega block, a
mega pack 2XL has $39,000
just for module assembly uh if you pack
them up yourself. And uh far more than
that. What would it be? Like $200,000 in
total battery credits. A mega block is
much bigger or a Yeah. Is that what
they're call mega block is much bigger.
&gt;&gt; So we'll see. Uh that will help mitigate
that risk a bit. But I just mean in
terms of product already shipped both
from Shanghai and from uh Leup. There's
a lot of outstanding debt that is owed
to Tesla for product that has not been
deemed deployed and thus fully um so
that I think that will help. One thing
we talked about on your show was got
almost a month of inventory on hand. Uh
that's 16 billion in unsold vehicles. Uh
there's a decent likelihood we may see
that number draw down in this quarter
due to high global oil prices. Uh do you
see this as uh a concern that they're
overproducing or an opportunity because
they have the vehicles ready?
&gt;&gt; Exactly. So uh very very bullish weren't
they about vehicle uh production and
sales delivery next for the rest of
2026. They said the tailwind is there.
the EMA, right? Europe, um, China and
the US all had increases to everything
rebounding. And then, of course, the oil
prices wasn't even impacting this
quarter yet, but it will be for the
second quarter. So, I think things have
turned around in terms of vehicle
operation. And then he did they did talk
about how they're going to just put the
Pedleton metal on cabs. And if you read
the one of the lines, one of the lines
that they said on the report was saying
something like um demand aggregation
which what they were trying to explain
was that this is no longer just selling
it to customers. We ourselves are going
to use it ourselves for personal for
taxi usage. So I think we're now at the
beginning that that point in time when
more and more of the cars that is
produced it's going to be used for robo
taxi
&gt;&gt; overseas sales continue to climb
especially in new markets and uh some
markets are growing quite quickly Korea
Japan a number of others Malaysia
Singapore uh that's that to me looks
both favorable and sustainable where
those markets are not going to top out
and then then fall uh but perhaps at
worst plateau. Uh thoughts on that?
&gt;&gt; I don't know. You're the expert in that
space. Uh whether or not it's growing. I
did I did uh talked to some folks on the
ground, the managers of the you know
president of Japan and they are very
bullish. They are just saying we're
doubling the service centers, we're
doubling the sales centers, but we're
talking small numbers. And of course,
South Korea loves Teslas. That's
through the roof. 800%. What was it? 30
3,000% increase everything is uh going
up at this at this point I and then all
of this is prior to FSD
once people we're now at the point where
FSD is a driver they confirmed that in
the call too yes it is a demand driver
&gt;&gt; and this is it we're now at the point
14.3 14.3.1 once we get the 15 next year
that's it we're done
&gt;&gt; if you live in Korea and would like a
preview FSD find someone who has
purchased just an S or X. Those were
made in the U. Trade agreement that we
have with Korea means that FSD is
enabled on those vehicles because they
were manufactured in the US.
&gt;&gt; Kind of a big ask to try and find those
people, but worth a try if it's worth it
to you.
&gt;&gt; And into that because FST hasn't really
gone beyond the US in wide fashion where
you can just buy it. I guess you can in
Canada, but uh outside of North America.
Uh that means an upside we could be
looking at is take rate increasing not
just in the US but everywhere.
&gt;&gt; Everywhere. Yeah.
&gt;&gt; Huge huge opportunity.
&gt;&gt; What did you think about how he answered
the Europe FSE question? So this time he
said hey uh you know we got approved by
Netherlands and it looks like we're on
the agenda for May 5th but who knows
right? It took us forever to get this
approval for FSC. I don't know. I'm not
going to. He said, "I won't, you know,
he's not going to hold his breath for
European regulators to approve FSE
version 14 in multiple countries." He
just simply said, "It's up to them and
it's their time." I I like that he
answered that way.
&gt;&gt; I do too. I think it's posturing. I
think if he said it's happening on this
date, those people would take it
personally and say, "You can't predict
the future." So, instead, he's saying,
&gt;&gt; "Uh, it will. We're confident it should
happen hopefully sooner than later, but
the reality is they're doing their best.
Their lawyers are doing their best. It's
just uh out of their hands to a large
extent. I'm not worried about it.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; Um on another good thing is Shanghai
Megaac Factory we thought had fully
ramped. It hasn't. It's still ramping.
That is I'd say good news. The demand is
strong. They will continue selling every
unit they can. I assume there is a
backlog globally. So I would call that a
a good upside for the coming for the
remainder of this year.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Don't know.
&gt;&gt; Don't know. Okay. Too far into my
wheelhouse. I get it.
&gt;&gt; I get it. I do have a video coming up
probably this weekend. Uh sum in in
summary of my tour of Gigafactory Lyre.
It is uh the mega factory. what fund. So
here's some concerns I have and again
folks in the comments let me know how
big these are. the financial exchange
benefit was 0.9 billion which is you
know if that wasn't there if it was an
impairment instead uh we would have been
a little bit negative on some line items
&gt;&gt; financial exchange not something you can
count on on a recurring basis
&gt;&gt; right
&gt;&gt; is that a risk
&gt;&gt; I don't think it's a risk if it's
Bitcoin maybe but if it's anything else
currency no
&gt;&gt; mhm
okay uh the semi and the cyber cab will
be a real drag on expense
&gt;&gt; because those are big expensive
projects. As soon as they launch, we
start depreciating the cyber cab. I
guess depreciation.
Maybe they've started it. That's going
to be a big drag well in advance of
seeing substantial revenue. Um maybe
it's only a few quarters, maybe it's the
rest of the year. How big of a drag is
it? And are you worried? I mean, I know
the
&gt;&gt; I'm the opposite. In fact, I think it's
positive when I hear a company say, "We
are going to go negative. We're going to
increase capital spend. We're going to
we're going to go negative in cash flow
because we're spending building
factories. We're building like crazy
production of the next generation,
right? Which other company has cyber
caps, purpose-built robo taxis that are
going to once once they get out there
generate $30,000 per year every year for
multiple years, not five plus years.
&gt;&gt; So, yes, you're going to take a hit now.
More, please give me more. I'm very
happy. And I appreciate you using a
reasonable figure like 30,000. It may be
far far more, but let's keep it, you
know, low and reasonable. Uh so it
doesn't kick off too many fights. Uh
fisticuffs not my area of expertise. Uh
despite uh what you may suspect having
met me.
&gt;&gt; Capex for Optimus
&gt;&gt; chip and solar. Chip uh solar I think is
pretty known. It's going to be you know
twoish billion. Uh maybe it's four. Uh
it's fine. Uh maybe it's one and a half.
Okay. Uh and we know what the outcome
will be. I think Wall Street would have
no trouble modeling that. But for the
chip,
we know that's going to be extensive
ongoing and it's not going to pay off
for a long time.
&gt;&gt; It can't. And uh the same for Optimus. I
think optimist would be in between those
two where we kind of don't know what
it's going to cost but we have a pretty
good idea because they know how to make
factories and but it we don't know how
soon to see revenue in terms of capex on
those three any concern? Yeah, I I agree
that there is a concern and I think that
they were initially were saying they're
going to borrow money to to do this that
would kind of help level it out, but I
you it's hard to compare to all the
other mag 7 who are spending hundreds of
billions, $200 billion, right? Amazon
spending $200 billion, Google $200
billion, and we're talking$2 billion for
Tesla. The difference is, of course,
these guys have hundred billion per
quarter cash flowing in. They are money
machines, so they have the cash to pay
for that. Tesla doesn't, but they will.
That's what we're heading towards. So,
it is a concern. 25 billion is a lot for
a company of this size, but again, I'm
still on the side where I want Tesla to
spend more money and screw everybody
because this is it. We know that Robbo
taxi works. Expand that. We know that
Optimus works. Well, let's let's say we
don't know yet, but it's uh pretty high
confidence that Optimus human or robots
is going to be a thing. And then we want
to build the factories that generates
the most. Take the pain band-aid now,
get hit, but build build. It's a race
for AI. It's a race for humanoid robots.
And this race is something you cannot
lose. It is too important.
&gt;&gt; And I would agree with, you know, all of
that. I do think uh the cash pile will
not continue growing while they're um
expanding into these areas and it is
entirely possible that one or more of
these uh big ventures don't have the
kind of returns that we might hope but
they don't have to. Uh we've got a lot
of irons in quite a few fires. So I am
not concerned with that and a lot of the
criticisms I've seen of Tesla are based
on absolute fantasy that is not backed
up by anything I've seen in the real
world. And quarter after quarter we see
that people have been saying ZEV credits
are gone. You will never see regulatory
credits again. $380
million. So, $3 million a day plus for
the whole quarter and you're telling me
they're gone. Hey,
&gt;&gt; I I run out of patience to listen to
arguments from people who just either
don't know what they're talking about at
all or they do and they're not telling
the truth. And we've seen that with a
lot of the Tesla Q members where they've
been given the answers, they just don't
care. They'll repeat the same, "Oh,
sales are cratering in Korea in the
first month of the quarter, just like
last quarter, because there's no ship
that's arrived." It gets exhausting.
&gt;&gt; Do you think if gas prices were to fall
precipitously and quickly that we would
see a reversion to people uh going back
to their big old thirsty diamond
burgers?
&gt;&gt; Yes, of course, that is the case. You
already talked about this several times
that people forget very easily. they
will go back to gas. But the good news
is that that doesn't it's like a nice to
have for Tesla. It's not the must have
for Tesla. So Tesla did not that's why
you know Q1 was not none of the Q1
numbers was because of gas prices going
up and they were able to you know sell
more. That should appear in Q2. But even
if it goes away and it will gas prices
will go back to normal. Um there's just
too many advantages for electric vehicle
anyways. Now the US is a little bit diff
different story than every other country
in the world but again I feel like uh
FSD this is the year that it becomes a
demand driver. Yeah, I think that's
and I've talked to people in Europe.
I've talked to Casease and others and
asked, do you think that when FSD is
broadly available across Europe, sales
overall will increase? And his answer
was, of course, how could it not? Even
if only a small percentage of people
want it, that's a lot of sales. That's
thousands, if not tens of thousands of
sales. And it could drive up the cost of
secondhand Teslas as well, especially
for hardware 4.
&gt;&gt; Yeah,
&gt;&gt; especially now that they've learned that
hardware 3 will be upgraded to hardware
4 as well. And
&gt;&gt; if you've purchased it already, there's
someone in our Northwest group that we
saw this week who purchased his Model 3
from another member of our Northwest
group, uh, which had FSD already on it,
and he is ecstatic. Uh, that's the way
to do it,
&gt;&gt; guys. Uh, what did we miss? What do we
misunderstand? Leave it in them comments
below. You got it. I already instructed
you twice on how. To everybody who's uh
supporting me on Patreon, on X, on
YouTube, as a channel member, thank you
so much. You are the reason this
adventure may continue, and I appreciate
you so much. Everybody else, uh like,
subscribe, do what you do, and stay
tuned, stay juicy, and I cannot wait to
hear from you clever robots when you
leave a comment over on Herbert's
channel where I appeared just today, I
think.
Very exciting.