Channel:     electrified
Title:       How SpaceX (& Tesla) Are Now Set to Disrupt NEW Industries ⚡️
URL:         https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=StPUYrOxbEQ
Published:   2026-08-05 21:59 UTC
Fetched:     2026-08-05 22:00 UTC

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Welcome to Electrified. It's your host
Dylan Lumis. First things first, I want
to be completely transparent. I am now
fully supportive of a SpaceX acquisition
of Tesla or a merger. Most importantly,
I will never try to influence any of you
for where you land on this whole debate,
but I just wanted to be upfront. Me
personally, I did have all of my
questions and concerns answered
yesterday on the earnings call. And in
the weeks ahead, I will of course share
more insight into why I landed where I
have. And of course, this should go
without saying, but this is all subject
to a reasonable offer from SpaceX. But
assuming the details are reasonably
fair, I would be fully supportive of
SpaceX and Tesla fully joining forces.
And if I had to share one main reason
for now, it would be my concerns about
SpaceX being a cash burning furnace have
largely been alleviated. One of the
reasons is what Brett said. Their capex
is now quickly turning into being more
like cost of goods sold. and what he
meant, the money they're spending,
they're seeing payback periods of
roughly one year, which is incredibly
fast. And while these cloud service
agreements, which I will call CSAs, are
not guaranteed for another 5 years for
the foreseeable future, it sounds like a
very legitimate business model. That, by
the way, does not require any level of
opium. This is already a proven model
right now today. Now, it's totally fair
to wonder, were Elon and the SpaceX
executives talking up the company a
little bit more because they want the
stock price to one survive the unlock
portion we have coming tomorrow.
Depending on when you watch this, that
would be August 6th. And secondarily, if
SpaceX is getting ready to make an offer
to acquire Tesla, they would want SpaceX
stock price to be as high as possible.
Again, I'll share more about that in the
future if it actually comes to fruition.
But the simple reason SpaceX would want
a higher share price is because that way
the dilution would be less painful for
SpaceX executives. Because obviously if
each share is worth more, they don't
have to issue as many new shares to
acquire Tesla. And from a Tesla investor
perspective, it doesn't really matter
what the SpaceX stock price is because
we need to get a good offer no matter
what SpaceX stock is doing. But the good
news, even if Elon and Co were talking
things up a little bit, I actually spent
some time to run the numbers to see if
this path to a trillion dollars in
revenue by around 2030 is realistic. And
by the end of this video, you will have
that answer. The first topic I want to
clarify is Starlink Mobile and how
SpaceX plans to do that and what
realistic timelines might actually look
like here. Of course, this would be a
hybrid system. One portion is going to
be the satellite connectivity and the
other portion would be the terrestrial
female that they talked about on the
call. So once SpaceX has these next
generation directto cell satellites up
the V2s sometime next year, our cell
phones in their current form will be
able to connect to these satellites for
basic to good outdoor coverage almost
everywhere you have a clear view of the
sky. But at some point in the future to
take advantage of the full capabilities
of this service, our cell phones would
likely need a chip and/or software
upgrade. And the second portion of this
hybrid network would be these FEM to
cells, which have already existed now
for years, by the way. But SpaceX will
have their own version of these, which
will add capacity and higher speeds for
better indoor and dense urban
performance. So these will likely be
deployed as needed over time where
demand is the highest. Personally, I
don't think SpaceX would launch its own
mobile plan until sometime, maybe early
2028 because they would want these V2
sets up and running to improve the DTC
performance with cell phones now without
any upgrades. And the question really
becomes how much will they need these
FEM to cells to provide better coverage
in those dense urban areas and indoors.
And the mechanics of how this would
work. These FEM to cells would
communicate directly with cell phones
via that Echoar spectrum that SpaceX has
acquired. And that would be paired with
the Starlink terminals operating as they
do now with those KU and KA bands to
connect to the broadband internet
service. And it sounds like in the
future there will be a new device that
has these FEM to cells either included
or built in to the Starlink terminal.
And a big question for current Starlink
users, will there be an upgrade or
something they can just pair with their
Starlink rather than waiting for a new
device that includes both of these
devices? And a retrofit, if you will,
makes plenty of sense because all of the
existing Starlink customers could buy
this upgrade or add-on to pair with
their existing Starlink. So how it would
work, these femto cell devices would
talk to your cell phone and then those
little packets which is just portions of
the data are then backhauled or sent
through the broadband internet via
Starlink. And listen, Gwyn taking shots
publicly at AT&amp;T, Verizon, and T-Mobile
tells you how confident they are in
their plans for the future. So again, it
might not be until 2028 when this
directtoell service is much improved
from a performance standpoint and they
have the terrestrial buildout of these
femtoell devices to the point where they
feel comfortable launching their own
independent service. But the fact that
the team made it explicit they are
clearly going after this market is a
huge deal because a lot of the reporting
leading up to the earnings call was that
they were not going to offer their own
competing service. So, yes, this will be
a multi-year play, but I'm sure many of
you are like me that are sometimes
frustrated with Verizon, not even just
with the service, but with the billing
and the hidden charges. So, I do think
we will have yet another industry being
disrupted by a Musk enterprise. And I
can't move on until I share one last
thought. We know that Cyber Cab has
native Starlink integration, the V5s.
What if in the future Starlink offers a
dedicated device for both broadband and
directto cell with that femtoell
technology in one device that is then
incorporated in all Tesla vehicles
eventually having millions of these
portable robots supporting both Starlink
broadband internet and its directtoell
service. We will undoubtedly cover this
more in depth in the future, but for
today I just wanted to make sure
everybody understands what's happening
at a high level. And what's wild is that
this new confirmed business intent from
SpaceX is not going to be one of the
primary revenue drivers. Although over
time it could absolutely be material.
Maybe it's just me, but when the FTC
starts warning companies that selling
Americans personal information to
foreign adversaries is illegal, that
tells us how out of control this market
still is. Which is why I'm so adamant
about recommending Delete Me, the
sponsor of this video. And the part that
should hit close to home for all of us,
these people search sites, which the FTC
itself calls a type of data broker,
build reports with your address, your
relatives, and a lot more, and then sell
that information to anybody willing to
pay. So, look, unfortunately, we can't
police every buyer on the other end. But
what we can do is make sure that our
family's information is removed from
these sites that continue to try to put
that information back on the internet.
And that's exactly what Delete Me does.
It's an American company. It's all they
do. And they remove your info from over
750 people search sites across all 50
states. And importantly, they keep
rescanning because these listings will
repopulate. Last quarter alone, they
found me on 54 different sites and
pulled 64 exposures after the prior
period only turned up six, which is
exactly why a one-time cleanup is not
going to cut it. And you can also add
your spouse, your parents, and your kids
16 and up at a discount per person. So,
if you'd like to support Electrified and
protect the people you love, you can
head to jointdeiteme.com/electrified
to get 20% off using my code electrified
linked below or by using the QR code on
the screen. The next thing I want to
cover is Elon's comment about 1 trillion
in revenue because many people are
saying Tesla will be needed to be
acquired to have any chance of hitting
this and many are thinking even if
Tesla's acquired, there's zero chance
SpaceX is going to do this. So, let's
just have a look at the numbers and see
what we see. These are revenue figures
in billions by each division for SpaceX.
So for 2025, they did 4 billion for
space, 11 billion for connectivity,
which is Starlink, that does include
Enterprise, and 3 billion for AI for a
total revenue just under 19 billion. So
far through the first half of this year,
SpaceX has done 12.5 billion in revenue,
and we'll assume some meaningful growth
where they exit 2026 doing around $ 38
billion in revenue for this year.
Skipping down to section three, the
projected revenue. We have a $1 trillion
revenue amount that we need to hit by
2030. Elon said 2029, but I'm not buying
it. And even 2030 is quite aggressive.
But I want to contextualize how possible
this is. So to do a trillion dollars in
revenue, I think the most likely outcome
would be the AI sector doing 820
billion, connectivity around 158
billion, and space around 38 billion.
Those numbers would imply a compound
annual growth rate or keer over the next
5 years of 180% for AI, 69% for Starlink
and Enterprise, and 65% for space, aka
the launch business. And in section two,
you can pause and screenshot if you
would like, but these would just be the
growth rates needed by year to hit these
certain revenue milestones. Now, let me
say very explicitly at this point, no
company on planet Earth has ever grown
at this rate from a base at which SpaceX
sits at. Some of the fastest growth
rates we have ever seen from companies
like Amazon and Nvidia once they get
over $50 billion tend to top out under
100% growth per year. And no company in
history has ever done a trillion in
revenue in one year. Right now, Amazon
is the closest at somewhere over $700
billion per year. So, there's no way
around it. This is an unprecedented end
goal and it's an unprecedented growth
rate. But you know what else is
unprecedented? This data center
business, the growth of AI and orbital
class compute. But this is what I want
you to take away from this chart. The
launch and connectivity lines only need
to grow around 67% per year for the next
5 years. And I say only like it's easy,
which I know is ridiculous, but there is
actually historical precedent for
companies growing at those rates. So
where we really need the magic to happen
is for the AI business. And this will
primarily be through the cloud service
agreements, the CSAs. This business
would have to grow around 180% per year
over the next 5 years. And remember the
most likely path roughly 800 billion in
revenue from AI, 150 billion from
connectivity, and the remaining roughly
50 billion from the launch line. Now
let's doubleclick into this AI business
and set the end goal at over $800
billion in revenue by 2030 for just this
line and work back from there to see
what type of numbers are required. we
will assume a monetization per watt of
$40 which was Elon's midpoint for the
Vera Rubin platform. Now again over the
next 5 years this number is absolutely
going to fluctuate and even now this was
only a guess but Elon did tell us that
the CSA share of all of SpaceX compute
will likely be 90% rented out because
they will only need around 10% to
internally train Grock and for
inference. So, this was another huge
distinction that we just did not have
answers for prior to yesterday. So, a
point you need to take away from this
video, most of SpaceX's compute is now
planned to be leased out. We'll set the
utilization at 85% because no data
center runs at 100% all the time. And we
have our target. So the TLDDW is going
to be SpaceX would need 26 gawatt of
compute capacity operational by 2030 to
have a chance at generating that $800
billion per year. So the question
becomes, what would the compute growth
need to look like yearbyear? Well, we
were told this year they're going to
exit with 2 GW online. Elon's expecting
to exit 2027 between 5 and 10 gawatt. So
I plugged in 7, which would be 250%
growth. And for 2028 exit, we have 12
gawatt. 2029 up to 18. And again, in
2030, they would need around 26 gawatt
online. And listen, the growth rates for
2028 to 2030 are reasonable at 71%, 50%,
and then 45%. And of course, at some
point during these three years, the
orbital data center compute should be a
portion of these figures, which means
all of the constraints for landbased
data centers largely go out the window.
And yes, it brings in some new
challenges, but you get my point. So
here you go. For the external CSA
revenue at 90%, by 2030, we have that
$800 billion number. And that of course
is using our assumptions and factoring
in for the utilization rates. Now, I
will say most of that 26 gawatt will
indeed be terrestrial. Now look, Elon
has said they're targeting 1 gawatt per
year by late 2027 for orbital compute,
but that's in terms of a run rate by the
end of next year. And we actually ran
the numbers a few weeks ago at what it
would look like to get 1 gawatt of
orbital compute. And depending on where
Star Mine's AI1 ends up in terms of
specs, they'll likely need to send about
6,000 of these satellites into orbit for
1 gawatt. The rough expectation is
they'll be able to fit about 40 of these
AI1s on every Starship launch, which
would yield 150 launches to get 1 gawatt
into orbit. Now, on the call, Elon did
say in roughly a year, they're expecting
Starship to launch about once per day,
if not more. And again, how much stock
can we put in that statement? I have no
idea. Is this going to be like an FSD
robo taxi comment from 2018? I'm sure
it's optimistic to some degree, but I do
think it's much more likely than the
robo taxi comments were nearly a decade
ago. So based on those numbers, I think
the fastest path to SpaceX getting 1
gawatt of compute in orbit would be
sometime in 2028. So best case scenario,
by 2030, we're talking somewhere between
1 and 4 GW in orbit, meaning the
remaining 22 or so gawatt would have to
be on Earth. So hopefully walking
through those numbers, you understand
that one, the $1 trillion path over the
next 5 years is not actually impossible.
And look, I'm not even trying to argue
it's likely. I'm just trying to lay out
it's not impossible. And second, which
is a huge shift for I think most people,
the primary driver of SpaceX's valuation
and revenue for the next few years will
be terrestrial compute, which by the way
has nothing to do with rockets or even
Starship. And don't misunderstand me.
Obviously, things need to continue going
very well for Starship. It's crucial to
the future, especially even for
short-term things like Starlink V3 and
the V2 SATs for Starlink Mobile. But,
you know, I've been trying to hammer
home the point, do not sleep on the
terrestrial data centers because that is
the core driver of revenue in the near
term. Today, EVgo said it's going to add
EVgo superchargers to its Metropolitan
network, and these will be V4, and they
will appear on the in-car Tesla
navigation, and Tesla drivers can be
automatically routed to these sites.
Deployments will start this fall, and
the first EVgo supercharger sites are
expected to be operational in the second
half of this year. Consumer demand on
the EVgo network has increased over 700%
over the past 3 years. And the addition
of superchargers will continue to
accelerate that growth. And good news
for all, these superchargers will be
equipped with Tesla's Magic Dock
technology, which enables CCS or Knack
charging. And the only hint at how many
they will install so far is hundreds,
with roughly 20 at each site. The word
is Samsung has secured a contract to
provide the cameras for Tesla's Cyber
Cab. Last month, the company began mass
production of the camera modules, but
they said LG will also join the camera
modules supply chain, and their
production will start later this year.
And the juicy part, the initial order
from both Samsung and LG will be enough
cameras to cover between 20 and 30,000
vehicles. I'd love to speculate on
timelines here, but all we know for
sure, Tesla has officially secured
enough cameras for up to 30,000 cyber
cabs. and a potentially very important
PSA for all hardware 3 owners. Matthew
said his car computer in his 2021 Model
Y bricked 24 hours after updating to V14
light. And 20% of people who responded
to Omar's poll have experienced their
car computer failing. So, his suggestion
is recommending not installing FSDV14
light on your hardware 3 Tesla. So, I
will not pretend to know what's going on
here. It's too early to have official
data of exactly what is causing these
issues. I just want everybody to be
aware this is the speculation and I want
your feedback. How would you feel if I
stopped talking about the stock prices
at the end of each video? As I've often
said, I don't think we should be looking
at stock price movements daily and I
don't want to contribute to that
behavior. So, in the comments, say yes
if you're good with me removing that
part of the video and say no if you want
me to keep them in. Either way though,
today I will mention SpaceX down 13.6%
closing at $108.27.
And for those wondering what's going on,
they had a great earnings call. Yes,
they did. Some of Wall Street is
concerned with capex spend per the
usual. But the real driver here in my
opinion is what's happening tomorrow
with the unlock of all of those 900
million plus shares. We've talked about
this now for weeks and the market is a
bit skittish not knowing how many of
these insiders are going to sell given
the first day they have the option to.
Don't forget check out the lite me
linked below for anybody still
interested. And as always, thank you so
much for supporting the channel in that
way. Hope you all have a wonderful day
and a huge thank you to all of my
Patreon supporters.