Channel:     futureaza
Title:       Tesla Just Checked Another Critical Box
URL:         https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HPJjIFrh1r0
Published:   2026-06-18 12:00 UTC
Fetched:     2026-06-18 13:00 UTC

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Look what happened to Cyber Cap, right?
I don't know, man. This is pretty scary.
This is uh trying something new. The
fact that it's so light, the fact that
these batteries are so uh efficient,
it's equivalent to three Whimos cyber
cab numbers are out. At least the EPA
certificate of conformity, which shows
us a little bit of look behind the
engineering curtain, as it were, where
we can finally get some answers to some
questions we've wanted for quite some
time. We had some very good ideas what
was going to happen, but we never
actually got to see it. It's very
exciting stuff. I'm joined by Herbert,
who has uh good insight on a number of
these, who was one of the first to post
about this as soon as it was published.
And we're going to dig into each of the
stats, see what it means, and go through
the EPA certificate of conformity line
by line and see what magic we can find.
I'm Brian. Welcome to Futurza.
So Herbert, you saw this when it very
first came out. Uh Sawyer uh put a nice
little summary on it, which is helpful.
Uh frontwheel drive, 48 kwatt hours, 219
horsepower, 300 uh 3,113
lbs at the curb. Uh gross vehicle
weight, yeah, you can have a couple of
200lb people and uh 300 lb of luggage,
no problem. 400 lb go nuts. I don't
know. Uh, so you can you can uh put some
weight in this bad boy is I guess what
I'm saying. And of course, no one's ever
driven a vehicle overweight before
because there is an engineering
allowance that allows you to go higher.
Uh, so uh let's just uh start by looking
at I guess the slides. This is a this is
it for those who don't know. That's what
it looks like. Kind of small text. I
apologize for this. On this page, there
is one bit of confusion. It did say it
was tested in all-wheel configuration.
It is not an all-wheel uh
&gt;&gt; vehicle, but we've got some funny stuff
here. Shift indicator light usage, not
equipped. It's just not equipped.
&gt;&gt; Uh air aspiration method. I I guess
naturally it doesn't breathe. So, uh
it's not injected. It's not carbureted.
&gt;&gt; Fine.
&gt;&gt; Uh on here though, uh let's start with
the first bit of surprise. As we get to
curb weight 3113,
making it lighter than any other EV
currently on the road in the US. This is
fantastic, isn't it?
&gt;&gt; Oh, it's it's huge. I mean, so Cyber Cap
is what, 3,100 lb,
&gt;&gt; right?
&gt;&gt; And the Model 3 is 3,700 lb. Model Y is
4,000 lb and onward. So, this makes a
difference. I think I was just telling
you recently, wasn't I? That if you add
up all these little things that we just
learned about the Cyber Cap, it is much
lower weight. It is much better
efficiency in batteries, superchargers
faster. These things matter, not only in
cost, but efficiency. Like how many subc
cabs can you get out there keep running?
The biggest number that I was shocked
with is the actual EPA estimation of
mileage. Was it 400
miles? Something like that. 411 was it?
&gt;&gt; Mhm. 400 miles
of
for this, right? Cuz like initially when
they first came out with it, they were
talking about 300 miles
&gt;&gt; and then so if it's can go for 400 miles
before charging,
you know, you can have this thing out
there all day long and then it just
whoever your competitor is, they'd have
to bring their car in, you know, halfway
while you're still out there and they'd
have to replace their car with a second
one to even match your service. So,
lighter weight, more efficient, longer
miles, lower cost. It's all here, right
there. Powerful.
&gt;&gt; It is interesting. It is exciting. Uh,
in terms of, uh, the, uh, front-wheel
drive nature of it, uh, I've explained
this before. I was convinced it was
going to be rear wheel drive. It wasn't
until I got to talk to the engineers
that, uh, they were able to confirm for
me that it is front-wheel drive and that
that is the final design. Uh, do you
know why frontwheel drive is is what
they selected when they could have
chosen anything?
&gt;&gt; You know, I have zero idea. I mean, I
think I thought most cars, especially a
small one, were all frontwheel drive
anyways.
&gt;&gt; That was a big trend that they did in
Japan uh for reasons uh I assume for
traction reasons.
&gt;&gt; Having the heavy motor over the
&gt;&gt; the drivetrain is helpful in limited
traction situations. In electric cars,
we really don't see it because you get
torque steer where when you stomp on it,
if the wheels don't grab perfectly
symmetrically, the steering wheel lries
to come out of your hands. This car
doesn't have a steering wheel. Less of a
concern. But the real reason is all of
the all of the everything is under that
front hatch under that. It's not a it's
not a frunk. It's not a hood. It's more
of a service access panel. Uh everything
is up there. So if you think about it
from the perspective of manufacturing,
having all of your exciting parts all in
one place makes it all one big unit. So
up front you've got your cooling, you've
got your uh you know, your heat, your
HVAC system, your uh every your
everything. It's all up front. Uh and
then the back of the car is kind of a
kind of dead weight. Uh so it's uh they
skipped leg day is what I'm saying.
And the wheels in the front too is wider
and bigger, right? The front wheels are
bigger.
&gt;&gt; No, the rear wheels are bigger. Okay.
The rear wheels have a larger diameter.
&gt;&gt; Make up for that maybe
&gt;&gt; for arrow. And I had Ian Pavevelo from
Fast Wheels come on and explain that the
larger wheels are going to give you an
arrow advantage. And the reason they
didn't go any bigger on the front is
because when you turn the wheels, you
run out of well space in which to turn
them. And uh there is a penalty for when
you're doing any amount of turning with
the arrow, you you have a disadvantage.
So every they thought of absolutely
everything to absolutely every degree
and it's helpful. Uh so that's why it's
frontwheel drive. Why do you need 200
horsepower uh for a car that's never
going to be stomping on it? It's a
byproduct. It's just a byproduct. If you
see if you look at that, you see the 219
horsepower is is more than you need.
That's as much as a as a a
top-of-the-line Volvo from the late 90s
would have. And it's just a byproduct.
Why Why does a the cheapest Tesla you
can buy still have a really remarkably
good 0 to 60, like outperforming a 1980s
Corvette kind of 0 to 60?
It's just a byproduct of uh having a
capable longlasting vehicle.
&gt;&gt; And by putting a motor that's slightly
too big in, you get a longer lifespan.
Um if you think about if I came to you
and said, "Herbert, I need to get a
computer and this is what I need it to
do. Should I get this cheap one that
will be running at 100% clock speed or
this slightly more expensive one?" And I
mean slightly more expensive that's
going to run at 50% clock speed. Which
one's going to give me more?
&gt;&gt; I also think that uh this is designed
not only for passengers, but it's going
to be used for delivery and maybe all
sorts of other things. So the weight
could this allows them to increase the
weight as much as they can in the back
there.
&gt;&gt; That's a great point. Now it is this
particular one is uh Oh, that's true.
You could put 700 lb of cargo and no
humans in it and it would still be under
the gross vehicle weight rating. Uh and
yeah, if you're running at a full 700
600 lb of cargo, uh 600 lb of cargo adds
up uh pretty quick. And you know, you
need to be able to climb a hill from
zero miles hour uh fully loaded
comfortably.
&gt;&gt; Uh so that is another reason. There are
times when you might need it.
&gt;&gt; Um, let's talk about the voltage. It's
it's it's not a 200, 400, or 800 voltage
car. It's
&gt;&gt; 326.
&gt;&gt; As I mentioned in a show that we did
together on your channel, guys, go check
out Herbert. What are you doing? Uh, as
I mentioned to him, uh, on his show that
why, uh, why 326?
I think it's because it's absolutely
tuned for all the pieces involved. We
saw with Optimus. Why? Tell me in terms
of Optimus, why doesn't Tesla just buy
actuators off the shelf?
&gt;&gt; Well, first of all, they tried to and
they they have, but they can't get them
and the volume that they need, but then
also, like you said, it's finally tuned
exactly to what they need. Uh so they
had to create it and it has to last for
such a long time with tremendous amount
of torque capability wasn't capable.
They need to do it themselves.
&gt;&gt; Exactly. And that comes down to Tesla's
philosophy on a lot of things. And and
that's the other thing too. Yeah. They
need to ensure that they control the
supply chain. They can't outsource that.
This is the heart of a robot. So are you
saying that they have finely tuned this
and they needed to create this
specifically for this particular
vehicle? It's exactly what I'm saying.
Whimo's approach is, so we need a car.
Which one's pretty good? Yeah. And well,
uh, they chose the IPACE first because
it's built by Magna, and Magna is also
able to do the upfit. Wouldn't it be
great if the company doing the upfit
knew the under the skin engineering
inside out? Let's have the same company
do it on different continents with
completely different teams. But hey, if
it goofs, they know who to call and we
don't. That's not a great approach. Now,
they realized the IPACE was uh not the
ideal people mover. So, they said,
"Okay, let's find another just car." So,
imagine if Tesla got into Optimus uh
trials. They're 10 years into trials and
they realize, "Boy, these off-the-shelf
actuators are garbage. Let's buy
different off-the-shelf actuators." H
it's the same problem again. So with the
326VT
architecture, I believe it's because as
you said, they do control all of the
supply chain. They looked at it and
said, "Boy, 400's pretty good, but you
know what would be better? Could we do
it?" The answer is apparently. So now
this could cause early problems. There
could be compatibility issues. What
happens if Tesla makes thousands of
these and it doesn't work?
&gt;&gt; Look what happened to Suburbat, right? I
don't know, man. This is pretty scary.
This is uh trying something new,
&gt;&gt; right? But if it doesn't work, uh do
they have to track down owners all over
the world?
&gt;&gt; No, they don't. It's their own car,
their own service owner. They're fine.
Bring it back in.
&gt;&gt; It's like uh Did you know that they uh
when you own a big company, you know,
you have to pay for licenses for your
software for every terminal, for every
employee, right? That's a lot of money.
&gt;&gt; Do you have any idea what enterprise
software goes for? It's a lot, right?
When you add up, it could be for a large
enough company. It could be millions of
dollars a year, certainly, but it could
even be millions a month.
&gt;&gt; Tesla said, "Can't we just build our own
email system?"
&gt;&gt; Right.
&gt;&gt; And they did. Well, what if it doesn't
work, right? Okay. It's ours. It's our
problem.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; We'll fix it. Make it work for us. No
one will ever even know that there was a
problem.
Uh uh a question I have for you and this
is maybe an opinion question because I
don't know if there is an answer. If you
don't sell them, if you keep them in
house, do you issue recalls or do you
just do it?
I don't know how one of the stories
you're going to talk about, right? There
are regul regulators that regulate this
and so they might still issue a recall,
but reality is software update. They do
it themselves anyways. But if if anytime
that the beautiful thing about the
CyberCap and in fact the Teslas, you
heard the Tesla executives talk about
this in the last several earnings calls.
These cars are self diagnosing
themselves at this point. They can tell
tire pressure. They they've they've they
can they can measure everything. So, and
and and then they said also that it's it
goes both ways, right? Not only can they
um diagnose it, but they can then repair
it instantly through software. the ones
that they can
&gt;&gt; and the others they bring it in. So, of
course, you know how Tesla would be.
They're going to keep tracking this as
carefully as possible. You own the
entire network for now. You're not going
to sell it yet. I'm very very skeptical
that they will sell this to somebody by
the end of this year.
&gt;&gt; Just not going to happen.
&gt;&gt; Marquez gets to keep his uh his lovely
locks.
&gt;&gt; Okay, reasonable, I suppose. Let's go
through this Verge article real quick.
The Cyber Cab is the lightest, most
efficient, 165 watt hours per mile. Um,
James Stevenson in his Model 3
historically has been right about 200 W
hours per mile. Now, he doesn't do a lot
of highway driving. Uh, I assume some uh
200 is very good. Uh, the Model 3 that
I've been using for the last year, the
rearwheel drive long range Model 3, I
don't go slow. This is my when I'm
driving it, it is my intercity car. It
is my head to Michigan as quick as I
can, head to Los Angeles as quick as I
can kind of car. And on those stretches
of road, it is going not less than 75
miles hour. But when you're across the
middle of the country where the speed
limit is 80 or 85, I'm going 80 or 85.
That is the worst case scenario. And my
lifetime efficiency is still better than
four miles to the kilowatt. I think I'm
at 242, beating the EPA rating by like 8
miles or or I mean eight uh eight watt
watts or something 80 watts, whatever it
is. So it is uh I am beating the
efficiency despite what I would describe
as uh the least optimal conditions. Now
I'm not doing hard starts. I'm not doing
jack rabbit starts, but 165 watt hours
per mile. What kind of competitive
advantage does this give them over other
robo taxi operators?
&gt;&gt; I was already saying this earlier, the
fact that it's so light, the fact that
these batteries are so uh efficient.
It's equivalent to three Whimos. Three
Whimos. Like 400 miles, 165 watt hour
versus a Whimo, which is three times
more than that. What does that mean? It
means that you can you can go farther,
less charge. Then you keep keep in mind
that when you do go charge, you're
you're doing it a supercharger. Tesla's
optimized that you you get batteries up
faster than Whimo. You don't have like
Yeah, Whimo has 3,500 cars out there
right now. Tesla only needs a thousand
to match them. and where Tesla owns a
charging network as you said. So even if
they aren't using the superchargers in
the traditional sense and the way you
and I are,
&gt;&gt; they get to they get to one closer
instead of driving all the way to, you
know, back to downtown Houston. You can
just like go to that suburb that already
has a Tesla supercharger there, right?
&gt;&gt; Well, perhaps potentially. But the idea
is that they're not going to be paying
for their equipment the way that Whimo
is. there's no series of middlemen in
between them and the product. Uh so that
means that the actual cost per kilowatt
that Tesla is paying to put into their
super uh into their cyber cabs is going
to be lower than the cost per kilowatt.
And they're not and they're using as you
estimated and I think that's a a low
estimate is three times as much juice
per mile
&gt;&gt; at some point on a car that's harder to
fix. At some point you hit you have to
start thinking thinking smarter. Whimo
uh against all odds it's in production
and while they may not have a very
coherent plan for the tiny autonomous
two-seater it's still taking the
necessary steps to that
&gt;&gt; what may not have a coherent plan for
what what does that mean?
&gt;&gt; It means they haven't told the verge
what the plan is. Therefore it may not
be coherent.
&gt;&gt; Okay.
Tesla recently filed paperwork with EPA
and got the documents filed that we're
talking about. Uh it runs on a single
front mounted 219 horsepower permanent
magnet motor with frontwheel drive and a
compact. By the way, the uh power output
that we saw isund and some odd what is
it 163 kilowatt power output is still
very good in Nepal. I think the power
output for for the for the preferential
tax uh import tax rate is 95.
So in Nepal there are no big long
straight roads. Uh certainly nowhere
near the the big cities where you could
actually open it up and see what it
does. Nobody advertises their 0 to 60
because they're all the same and
terrible. uh 700 lb lighter than the
lightest Model 3 on the market and it
makes sense. Look at the size of the
vehicle and just scale it down, but 700
lb is still better than I was expecting.
&gt;&gt; Uh yeah, so this is the weight reduction
allows it to achieve unprecedented
efficiency. It also doesn't have
mirrors. It doesn't have door handle. It
doesn't have a lot of the things that
would otherwise grab the air and drag on
it. Um one time I was paddling in a
kayak. I went kayaking in West
Yellowstone and in my kayak was my son
Patrick who at the time was maybe 10 and
I'm paddling my heart out and I'm just
struggling and I look back and he's
cutting the water making fun shapes.
&gt;&gt; It's like you are literally slow I mean
you this is an anchor man. What are you
doing? So uh what's still missing is a
real plan for putting these cars in
operation. Tesla's running less than 60
be fewer verge but okay uh in a handful
of Texas cities despite Musk claiming
that it would cover half the population
by the end of 25. So let's talk about
that. In conclusion, let's talk about
that. I will say uh by the way
subscribe. Do subscribe. It is uh
critical uh for the survival of our
species that you subscribe. Herbert, uh,
what, uh, what about those lofty
promises that when we were at the
shareholder meeting, Elon said that you
and I were both there and we looked and
I looked at you and I'm like, uh, that
seems lofty.
What uh,
&gt;&gt; Before we get there, I think you buried
the lead, didn't you? One of the key
points that you made that I thought was
brilliant was that this EPA filing was
is it's critical because it is a
regulatory filing that needed to be
approved before cyber caps can be used
on a road's commercial use.
&gt;&gt; Yes, that was something we talked about
uh on your show is that uh the EPA
ratings you have to have the certificate
of conformity before you can sell it or
make money or charge for its use.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. So, uh, I'm telling you, uh, and
of course, you'll know that when you
subscribe to better the odds of the
survival of the human species. I'm just
doing my part here.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Okay. So, this was a, you know,
that was the lead. That was really
important. Now that this is here, now we
can start watching cyber capabs be put
in use. Now, I'm still I'm still going
to say what I've been saying for months
now that I think it's still going to be
a month or two. We're not going to see
it imminently. We might see one or two
cyber cabs out there as kind of symbolic
just to get it going, but actual full
use, I think that they're still trying
to get FSD data because it is a brand
new vehicle that they haven't had
before. So I still think that due to
that and by the way they've now got four
months of Nitsa reporting zero Tesl
Tesla robo taxis at fault but with the
number of cars out there you're weighing
the number of cars number of miles being
driven with 0000 each month at some
point you'll get enough data to be able
to say okay even if I do have a
significant accident when they do roll
this out they can point back and say
look we've driven this many miles it's
much safer than humans already despite
this new accident that happened. So I
think they're accumulating that at this
as well as FSE training. So look,
there's nothing no way to sugar
sugarcoat this, right? Elon promised
that he was going to see half of all the
US already have his mind scaling was
going to happen last year with Model
Y's. Okay, this is prior to the cyberc
being produced. Didn't happen. Why?
Well, I think they came out and
explained it in the first quarter. They
came out and said, "Well, look, we're
doing FSE version 13, version 14. This
is going to be much better." I think he
thought that we were going to get there
sooner, but it didn't. Remember how he
was talking about that we're going to
get to the 10x parameter? That's version
15. And in fact, even that one is not
there. But they still rolled out version
14, so they are months months behind.
That's why this does not go out in scale
as he was hoping for. Simple as that.
&gt;&gt; Mhm. Okay. I think all of those are
pretty reasonable answers. Uh, should we
take all things Elon says timelinewise
with a grain of salt or a heaping
quarter cup would be more appropriate?
&gt;&gt; Heaping quarter cup. Absolutely.
&gt;&gt; Okay.
&gt;&gt; But the other thing is just you and I
have to test it ourselves and we're
seeing version 14.3.4.
It is so much better than what we've
been playing with. We're there. We are
now there. plus the safety data that's
proving that it is the case, plus all
the cyber cabs out on the streets. I
think we're about a month or two away
before you start seeing them scale that.
&gt;&gt; Now, there is also this conspiracy
theory that maybe they purposely didn't
want to roll it out because of the
SpaceX IPO,
&gt;&gt; maybe prior to that announcement.
&gt;&gt; Okay, but those are reasons. But
regardless, even if you do take all
that, it's probably going to roll out
sometime the end of this year. And when
they do, what are they going to do? Is
it going to be it's going to be all at
once kind of thing. Right. Because we're
watching 50 cyber caps sitting 50 cyber
caps sitting in a Dallas uh lot. Right.
&gt;&gt; Right.
&gt;&gt; Look, I think you estimate I think I
agree with you. There's probably about a
thousand cyber caps produced now
&gt;&gt; and they're producing maybe 50 or 100
per day now. I don't know what the
number is really honestly because you
can't tell. You don't know, right?
Because you see them on the lot, but you
don't know if they were sitting there
for multiple days or not,
&gt;&gt; but it's it's they're they're
accumulating it and it's happening and
then at some point they will turn it on
and you're going to see a thousand per
city. My proposal was that by the end of
this year we will have 10 or 15,000
active robo taxis. Each city will have
a,000 robo taxis. 900 of them will be
cyber cabs and 100 of them will be model
wise because that's that's the ratio
that you need for two uh two se two
passengers or less is 90%
two uh more than two passengers is 10%.
And that's what you're going to see and
that's why we're seeing at least 100
Model Y's. It'll ramp up to that per
city and then you'll see these um cyber
cabs at 900 each.
&gt;&gt; Uh here's an opinion question for you. I
was asked this by a viewer in Australia.
He said, "We're still on 1329 or
something like that. We're expecting 14
soon."
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; His question was, "Is there a particular
version of version 14, a dot release of
14 that's somehow magically way better
than the others?" And my answer to him
was, well, my answer to him was
&gt;&gt; anything in the 14 range has been very
good. And all of the DOT releases after
22 have been uh if I if I asked you to
blind test drive them and and put them
in order, I don't think you could do it
with less than a 100 miles. And even
then,
&gt;&gt; I don't think you'd necessarily notice
because the changes were running out of
room for improvement.
&gt;&gt; Well, the question is what do you mean
by is it good or bad? Right. the uh I
was driving yesterday or FSE was driving
me uh when my brother in the car the
14.3
and uh there was a bus in front of us.
We're at a you know four-way stop line
stop sign four-way stoplight. So then
the car rightfully so said, "Okay, well
I'm, you know, the bus is stopped. I'm
going to go around it." Goes around it.
But then there's that car decides, "I'm
going to cut in on the crossroad." And
so the car kind of like jerked a little
bit going, "Okay, what are you doing,
guy?" Cuz cuz you know, just like a
human would do. What are you doing? Oh,
oh, you are going to go. Okay. So it
kind of like jerked a little bit. Said,
"Okay, pause. Let you go in first and
then I I follow through." Perfect. In my
mind, perfect. Exactly the way I wanted
the car to behave. much safer. Much more
safer. He said, "I didn't like that."
Because it did that little jerky
movement. That's 14.3. So people who
don't like the these kind of movements,
they're not they're going to say, "This
car is not great." Okay. When it's going
out of my driveway, it's it's all of a
sudden a 14.3. It starts to like do this
little thing, right? It'll jam the
brakes a little bit, jam the brakes a
little bit. Well, that 14.3.4 solves
that. So, but in terms of safety, in
terms of intelligence, it they're all
much better than previous versions. But
in terms of like, is this person going
to say this is the dot release that is
perfect?
&gt;&gt; If you call these little movements like
this an issue and you're concerned about
that, then no, wait till 14.3.4.
&gt;&gt; That apparently is a huge milestone
jump, like a bigger jump than just a
point release. That's what everybody's
saying at this point. I haven't
experienced yet. I just downloaded last
night, so I'll be playing with that
today. I also just downloaded it last
night. I've only done two drives on it
and what I experienced was we were
driving on this big road and the car
kind of slows down and it was, "What?
What's that about?" I go, "You didn't
see it?" They go, "See what?"
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; I go, "I don't know if it was a cat or a
raccoon, but something did just run out
in front of us." And it was clear. We
slowed down an appropriate amount for
someone paying attention.
&gt;&gt; Uh, but then it missed the turn for my
street. Uh, and I was like,
&gt;&gt; navigation is a real issue. And that was
there was a great article written, I
think, was it Tesla or somebody who took
a look at all the because apparently
it's a they're stitching four different
navigation sources, including their own.
Tesla has not solved this issue.
&gt;&gt; No, it's a real problem.
&gt;&gt; It is a real problem. Uh, so, but I
would say that I didn't have those brake
stabbing issues on any of the 14s. So, I
think it's very very dependent on your
neighborhood, your roads,
&gt;&gt; and I would and what I told him is that
if you get anything newer
&gt;&gt; and it is especially if it's in the 14
range,
&gt;&gt; it's going to be
&gt;&gt; very good and you'll be very happy. And
don't once you get it, you'll see you
can see for yourself. But I think if
your goal is to wait until it's good
enough to show it to your friends and
family, 14 will be that good. Any
version 14 will be that good. Oh, you
guys. Uh Herbert, I don't know if I told
you this. This is very exciting stuff,
but I've got a uh 3-day information
booth that I'm hosting at the Long View
Go Fourth Festival, uh July 2nd, 3rd,
and 4th. You guys already know about
EVs, but if you want to know about FSD,
guess who's joining me in the booth on
the second and third? David Moss, the
legend. Uh so, uh come and uh say hello.
Uh Long View. We've got uh a cardboard
boat riata because it is a uh you know,
it's a lumber town. We've got paper
mills. Cardboard's what we do.
Lumberjack show, parade, live music. Uh
it's going to be a lot of fun. And you
can see it's a pretty big kind of event.
And our booth will look like this.
&gt;&gt; Full of information on all the EVs
available on the market today.
&gt;&gt; Hopefully, you'll be sitting in one of
those chairs.
&gt;&gt; I will. I will. I will be running a lot
of hours at this event. So, guys, uh,
what did we miss? What do we
misunderstand? Leave it. I beg of you.
You have no choice but to leave it. Uh,
stay tuned. Stay juicy. And I can't wait
to hear from you clever robots in Long
View, Washington, where I will be giving
out free information.