Channel:     munrolive
Title:       Inside Rivian’s Future with CEO RJ Scaringe | R2 Updates, Fleet Strategy & ACT Expo
URL:         https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QCMYonaZoCU
Published:   2026-05-08 15:45 UTC
Fetched:     2026-05-08 16:00 UTC

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Hi everyone. Uh we're here at the ACT
Expo in 2026. Uh I'm joined by R.J.
Scring, CEO of Rivian. And uh we're
really excited to talk today. you know,
and there's I stopped by the Rivian
booth over the past couple of days and
uh there's a lot going on and you know,
in terms of Irons in the Fire with
Rivian, there's there's so many things
going on, but you know, the the picture
that, you know, I'm looking at when I
see what Rivian is doing is a lot of
synergies that can really lend
themselves well to to the fleet side of
it, you know. So given that we're at ACT
and you know that's that's what a lot of
these folks are are looking to
understand you know how would you say
that that Rivian is really positioning
itself in the fleet space you know
there's the EDV and now R2 and there's
software there's all these things going
on what what would you what would your
take be on how Rivian's positioning
itself
&gt;&gt; well the you know there's so many
different types of fleets uh you talked
about R2 and EDV there um both of them
would be part of um you know large fleet
business for us of course the van ready.
In the case of the van, uh this was
developed really uh deeply thinking
around about the last mile process. And
so looking at the entirety of what it
takes to deliver packages and working in
partnership with Amazon to define what
that vehicle became and ultimately you
I'm really excited to see, you know,
there's now well in excess of 30,000 of
these on the road. uh as as we've talked
about in our our uh you know most recent
earnings call that's going to be ramping
pretty significantly over the coming
year and maintaining a much higher
output in terms of volume and it's just
a reflection of Amazon very clearly
seeing a significant TCO advantage a
significant cost advantage to running
not just an electric vehicle but also a
connected vehicle vehicle that has
built-in uh prognostics
uh predictive capabilities in terms of
looking at service intervals uh and then
the ability to integrate very deeply
into their software architecture. And so
it's it's really a we used to always say
softwaredefined vehicles. We're
increasingly thinking about these
vehicles as being AI defined where you
can leverage better decisioning through
the collection of all this information
across the vehicle. And so that's in the
in the delivery space. Um you know
recently we also signed a large deal
with Uber where we're building a robo
taxi uh on our R2 platform. And that's a
very different type of fleet business,
but nonetheless still very much a a
fleet business. And in this case, we're
moving people. And a huge element of
that is the technology is self-driving.
And we see that playing out across
everything. Movement of goods, movement
of people. Um, you know, related to
that, we have a a microobility company
that we created. Uh, the name of the
company is also and also just announced
a deal with Door Dash. In that case,
it's a fleet also is building a fleet of
small delivery bots uh that will be
delivering you know mostly food for Door
Dash. So it's again just the the entire
model of how we think about fleets
running fleets managing them it's
shifting very heavily towards not only
autonomy but electrification
connectivity uh and a lot of the
insights that could come out of an AI
defined platform. How do how do you you
know I mean you covered so many topics
in that that brief summary like how is
how is Rivian keeping all these things
organized and capitalizing on the fact
that you know we're doing commercial
vehicles there's there's AI integrations
now there's vertical integration with
all of that and you know it's it's one
thing to to be doing all of those but
it's another thing to like have a
feedback loop in instituted in the
company where all those learnings are
then passed back around. How do you how
do you do that?
Well, I it a big focus the business is
prioritization. So what do we do in what
order? And we think of it as there are
big uh like horizontal technology
platforms that can be deployed across
very different vehicle platforms or
vehicle types. And so autonomy is a a
really big example of that where we're
spending an enormous amount of money
developing our autonomous platform. Uh
another is our connected vehicle
platform. Another is uh the diagnostics
and prognostics platform. And so as
different as let's say our commercial
van looks from an R2, a lot of those
horizontal platforms are very much the
same, those big technology builds. And
then we have to decide which vehicle
instances we create around them. And so
of course in the consumer side, R2 is
really important for us because it's our
first high volume mass market vehicle.
the the R1 was very successful in the in
the you know the flagship or premium
space but the nature of that space is
it's a much smaller segment whereas R2
is going like right into the meat of the
largest segment you know mid-size SUVs
um and in the case of the van we're now
seeing that really start to ramp because
of all the investments we've made into
the technology the the capabilities of
the vehicle it's manifesting as a as a
better cost alternative to anything else
out there
&gt;&gt; indeed Yeah, I it's pretty incredible to
see, you know, looking at the the R2
where it may inject in the marketplace.
You know, some of the some of the deals
and and things that, you know,
commercially you're navigating right
now, you know, are are largely made
possible by having a vehicle that's at
that price point. But, you know, as you
know, and we've we've torn down, you
know, the the R1T, you know, early
iterations of it, and we we've done
subsets.
&gt;&gt; I'm excited for you guys to tear down
the R2. It's it's a giant improvement.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. took took the words out of my
mouth and you know so we're we're super
excited to get that. What what do you
attribute the the ability to offer a
vehicle at that price point too cuz you
know I think people look at you know an
industry they're like oh man it must be
really really hard to to engineer this
vehicle that's got it's super
featurerich and it's this high price
point. Well the high price point gives
you a ceiling and sometimes allows you
to get away with certain things. The low
price point puts more constraints on it.
&gt;&gt; Yeah it's definitely harder. You're
right. Uh it's it's I completely
resonate with that point. Um
you know one of the things that's
happened for us from a platform point of
view from a technology platform point of
view is when we move to a software
defined architecture where you
consolidate the compute platforms into a
very small number of zonal computers or
zonal ECUs is you take a tremendous
amount of cost out you simplify the
harness uh and you move to bringing all
that software content in house. And so
of course this is this is how Rivian
built u you know built its architecture.
R2 is going to take what we have in R1
and push that a little further. But that
platform is going to keep developing and
the exciting thing is how we've been
able to turn that platform into
something that's scalable into very
different price points and therefore
content levels uh and very different
form factors and across different
brands. And so we did a a large $5.8
billion software licensing deal with
Volkswagen. uh this was about a year and
a half ago now and the first product to
come out of that is going to be the ID1.
It's not a vehicle that's going to be
sold in the United States, but it is
remarkable in terms of what our
technology is enabling for
simplification of the electronic stack
and the um you know the wiring harness.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; And so that's you know this is public
but this is a vehicle that has a price
of around $20,000. It's an EV. It's it's
remarkably nice.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Uh, and that's the car I I keep
telling people I can't wait for folks to
tear it apart because they're going to
be like, "Where's all the computers?
Where's like how' they simplify the
harness so much?" So, it's
&gt;&gt; we pushed that really far and we're
going to start to see the benefits of
some of the things we did there playing
out across the rest of our portfolio.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, it's it's a pretty powerful
statement when, you know, some of these
legacy OEMs, you know, are are, you
know, like VW, they're giant
corporation, right? one of the largest
in the world and um they've built
vehicles for well over 100 years and
then taking something you know that
Rivian's developed over the past 10
years sub 10 years and you know really
uh putting their money where their mouth
is and saying you know what hey zonal
might not be our strongest domain let's
go to the folks who are really good at
that so I mean it's it's a testament to
everything that
&gt;&gt; the Rivian folks have done and um you
know I know we've we've spent a little
bit of time talking to the folks at also
as well
&gt;&gt; and uh the the thing that made a strong
impression for me is everywhere we look
whether it's the commercial the the
passenger vehicle or the quadricycle and
the and also everyone's like well yeah
because we've got this synergistic thing
and it's those horizontals that you were
talking about and um
&gt;&gt; yeah there's a lot of elements also that
it was able to leverage
&gt;&gt; you know some of our operating system
and some of the core elements these you
know big heavy lifts that we had to make
in terms of technology you know and you
know being able to deploy when we say
software it's our software and all of
our electronics we design the computers
and ECUs in
seeing those get deployed across Rivians
from a van to a R1 to R2 to soon R3 then
across a whole portfolio products from
Volkswagen Group to then micromobility.
It's it's super exciting.
&gt;&gt; It's very exciting. Well, R.J. I know uh
we've got a packed schedule, so thank
you for taking the time. We're going to
be tracking you closely and best of luck
with everything on the show. Yeah. Thank
you so much. Thanks everyone.