Channel:     investingagainstthegrain
Title:       Tesla Miami Robotaxi | The Good, Bad, and Ugly
URL:         https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2l7hJ2wl3WM
Published:   2026-07-06 18:57 UTC
Fetched:     2026-07-06 20:00 UTC

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

So, this is going to be a vlog style
video. This is a impromptu
uh trip to Miami on her suggestion.
&gt;&gt; Okay. Well, you're going to hear baby
noises in the back. We've got Roman with
us. Decided to do a little Fourth of
July workout. And our plan was to go do
this workout, jump in the pool, make
some cheeseburgers, some wings. But then
we got in the car after the workout and
we were talking about the robo taxis in
Miami and I said, "Want to go?" So,
we're going to Miami.
&gt;&gt; One of my one-on-one students, uh,
Michael, he recommended this amazing
steak restaurant. We'll see if it's
amazing. So, we're going to go check
that out. Make reservations. And then
maybe tomorrow morning as well, we'll go
and hunt some robo taxis down.
We just got to the supercharging
station. Uh, as you saw, it backed up on
its own. So, so far all good. All right.
So, we're here at McDonald's. Yes,
McDonald's. Not like us. But
unfortunately, the supercharger station
didn't really have anything around it.
We're in a rush to get down to Miami.
Going to a really nice steak restaurant
tonight. So, decided, you know what?
Let's just come in here. Let's grab some
food so we can keep it going. We got to
get the energy. Plus, my wife said
earlier we already worked out for today.
So, we've already paid the man. We
already earned our weekend. We got two
spiced chicken sandwiches. There's
nothing healthier around here. So, you
know, try to be as health as you can. We
get spicy chicken sandwiches. We're
going to do a quick little review test
for you guys cuz neither of us have ever
had this. So, we'll see. Everyone knows
the rules. Uh, one bite and then we
rate.
&gt;&gt; Okay,
&gt;&gt; I give it I give it a 6.2.
It's not bad. It's not the best, but
6.2.
&gt;&gt; I'm starving
and I don't eat fast food. I don't like
McDonald's, but this slaps and I'm
probably going to house the whole thing.
&gt;&gt; Look how much I have left for her.
&gt;&gt; I think I'm going to give it a five.
Stop number two. Again, no interventions
or anything. And we're about to get
another charge. Zero interventions so
far. Perfect drive so far.
All right. Since we're doing this whole
vlogging thing, we we're going to lean
into it and we're going to do a little
fit check here before our fancy dinner
at this Michelin steakhouse. So, dear,
tell us about what you're wearing.
&gt;&gt; White trousers, white sandals, basic
tank top, beautiful watch that my
husband got me, pacifier on my finger.
&gt;&gt; All right. Dad's wearing the classic
corduroy button down. Don't normally
wear a collar. Normally I'm a t-shirt
guy, but we're going out having a nice
dinner. wear the button down. Got the
sunnies on cuz we are in Miami after
all. Black jeans. Got the boots going.
And of course, we got them on my side.
So, that's what we're wearing tonight.
Oh, and couple bracelets from We got
married in Greece.
&gt;&gt; All right. What's the name of your
drink?
&gt;&gt; My drink was the Circus Kermit.
&gt;&gt; Okay.
&gt;&gt; And it's tequila, watermelon, elder
flour, mandarin, lime, and chili.
&gt;&gt; All right. Let's go. Give us the review.
This is 10 out of 10.
&gt;&gt; 10 out of 10.
&gt;&gt; But this is like an Anna drink, you
know? Like I love tequila and I love a
little bit of spice.
&gt;&gt; Okay, Dad, tell us about your drink.
What'd you get?
&gt;&gt; All right, we got Jailbreak bourbon
coffee infused room Japanese whiskey
bitters. Classic MC drink. Classic.
&gt;&gt; Now we're going to rate it.
9.8
9.8.
&gt;&gt; This is supposed to be one of the best
desserts of our life.
&gt;&gt; Michael, let's see if you're right or
not. Let's see.
&gt;&gt; What a beautiful night. And he's our new
friends we just made. Hey,
&gt;&gt; we just finished up our dinner at
Sunny's
&gt;&gt; Sunny Steakhouse.
&gt;&gt; Sunny Steakhouse and I just asked Nick
if we could recap our meal. So, the best
thing that I think I had tonight at
Sunny's was it was a cut of steak in the
style of a fillet in that it was like
super tender but the flavor of a ribeye
and we got it with a brine sauce and it
was excellent.
&gt;&gt; Yes, I agree. That was number one. That
steak was phenomenal. It was salted
perfectly. It was cooked perfectly. Even
without the Bernay sauce, it was just it
was amazing. It It tasted like I mean
it's a ribeye, right? So it's what you
would expect, but it was like a wagoo
without being wagoo. And yeah, it was a
it was a rip cut, so it was a thicker
cut. So it looked like a fillet, but it
wasn't a fillet.
&gt;&gt; Okay, my number two. Kind of feel some
shame in saying this, but I'm going to
go with it. It was the bread and butter.
&gt;&gt; Oh, the bread and butter.
&gt;&gt; The bread was like It had these I think
it had poppy seeds and they salt. It was
salt. It was black salt. No, it had um a
like honey butter and that's going to be
my number two. Bold, but I'm I'm
sticking with it.
&gt;&gt; Okay, your number two.
&gt;&gt; My number two is a very obvious the
octopus ceviche. Like if that's not her
number three, I don't know. I then you
guys can ignore her. But that was
definitely the number two. Not even.
&gt;&gt; Okay. My number three is the octopus.
Oh, do you see the fireworks?
&gt;&gt; Oh, yeah. I just saw it. Okay,
&gt;&gt; cool.
&gt;&gt; Say your number three. My number three
is going to be it's going to be the
pasta. Yeah, we had this like crab pasta
again. It wasn't even to me it wasn't
even the pasta. It wasn't even the crab.
It was the sauce.
&gt;&gt; Okay, so you're steak, bread, steak,
octopus.
&gt;&gt; Octopus.
&gt;&gt; And then your the spaghetti or the
pasta?
&gt;&gt; It's not spaghetti.
&gt;&gt; Whatever.
&gt;&gt; It's not even close to a
&gt;&gt; Okay. I I I'm a
&gt;&gt; It was like
&gt;&gt; I grew up poor. All right. Every It's
all spaghetti to me. Spaghetti. So, my
number four would be the tuna. The tuna
tartar. Finish it real quick.
&gt;&gt; My next is going to be the ice cream
sandwich.
&gt;&gt; Okay. I actually think the ice cream
sandwich is not as good as everyone
hyped it up. I think people hyped it up
too much. If you guys know me, I got a
sweet tooth and I'm a huge ice cream
guy.
&gt;&gt; So good.
&gt;&gt; It needed more ice cream. That was the
problem.
&gt;&gt; That's just like
&gt;&gt; it was delicious. Listen, this is a
mustgo restaurant. Sunny Steakhouse.
It's a must go to. Uh it was fantastic.
We made the the service was amazing. We
made friends while we were there. Um
just absolutely phenomenal. Even with
our son, they were phenomenal.
&gt;&gt; Highly recommend the atmosphere, the
service, and the food. Michael, you are
spot on. Well done, my friend. Just
checked out the hotel. We're on our way
to go chase down some uh robo taxis.
Hopefully unsupervised robo taxis.
Pretty sure they are unsupervised. Um,
unfortunately, uh, my wife and son won't
be able to come with us. I looked up the
the rules. Apparently, the robo taxi
won't start if there's anyone under the
age of eight, even if they're in the car
seat or anything like that. Let's see.
There's a cop.
&gt;&gt; I don't think it's for us.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, it's not for us.
&gt;&gt; We're not doing anything.
&gt;&gt; But, uh, I won't lie, my hurry went up.
&gt;&gt; You nervous? What are we doing wrong?
&gt;&gt; But, uh, but yeah, so uh, we're on our
way now. Unfortunately, they won't be
able to ride with us. So, you know,
we're going to try to drop them off at a
Starbucks or something and then
&gt;&gt; it'll just be you and me and we're going
to be going around.
&gt;&gt; Well, I think I want to follow along at
FSD.
&gt;&gt; Oh, okay.
&gt;&gt; So, I can maybe get some footage from
behind just like watching you guys. Um,
and I also am curious to see I know it's
probably a different version of FSD, but
I'm curious to see if we type in the
same destination like any differences in
route or behavior between the robo taxi
and our car.
&gt;&gt; That's a great idea.
&gt;&gt; So, She's got the ideas. Lots of drama
over here. My robo taxi out of nowhere
just gets cancelled. I don't get
notification why I got cancelled or
anything. Go back to the death wheel of
high service demand. Try again later. So
honestly, I was getting pissed off and
then all of a sudden it pops up where
the vehicle can come in 11 minutes. So I
rapidly went ahead and did it again. And
now I've got a VIN number and it says 10
minutes away. They really need to scale
this because at the moment this service
is unusable. Even in Austin, it was
pretty bad when I was there. It took me
like 20 30 minutes. Uh but at least I
eventually got a ride. So I don't know.
Hopefully Tuesday Lars says more about
uh what's happening with uh the scale
and robo taxis and all that. Um so we'll
find out. Obviously I sound a little
frustrated right now, but hey, it's 9
minutes away and I'm just happy that
this whole trip's not going to be for
nothing.
rainbow.
&gt;&gt; All right, here we go. Here's the robo
taxi. There's no one in it, as you can
see. That's pretty cool. No one in it.
So, we'll get here to get the VIN, kind
of understand what's going on, and let's
get in
&gt;&gt; tech support. How can I help you?
&gt;&gt; Hey, you guys told me to call you.
&gt;&gt; Copy that. Uh, let me look into it and
see what's going on.
&gt;&gt; All righty.
Looks like we're moving.
&gt;&gt; Okay. Looks like we're good to go.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; Anything else before I go?
&gt;&gt; Yeah, just quick question. Is this the
only one around?
&gt;&gt; Uh, is in the only other robo taxi?
&gt;&gt; Yes, in in this area.
&gt;&gt; Um, I don't think I'm at liberty to
discuss that. You have a good one.
&gt;&gt; You, too. Cheers.
&gt;&gt; All right. Well, looks like now we're
off. Arriving in 17 minutes.
Wow.
Oh, nice little roundabout just went
around. Man, of course I didn't capture
that.
Okay,
so far feels pretty smooth, man. People
weren't joking. The um you can there's a
noticeable suspension change here with
uh
with the new Model Y. Uh Robo Taxi would
like to confirm when other device that
use this app or nearby to you. Uh, okay.
Allow. All right. That was weird. I just
got a weird notification. And oh, looks
like we already lost uh the wife. I
guess uh their FSD took them in a whole
different direction. That's interesting.
Yeah, we're probably going a much slower
way. I I would guess that they're going
to be there way before we get there.
Okay, so the robo taxi took a left turn
one block sooner than the FSD on our
Tesla did. So, we're going our own
route. I'm not going to interrupt cuz I
kind of want to see if we catch each
other again. And I want to, you know,
let both FSDs perform how they would
perform.
It's been fun to chronicleize the past
the past 24 hours with the wife randomly
saying, "Hey, let's just go to Miami." I
was like, "All right, don't tempt me
with a good time." You know? So, it's
pretty cool having a wife that's always
down to do something like that. Just out
of nowhere, spontaneous little trip.
actually her uh you know I think I I've
mentioned it that thanks to you know our
success in in life and with trading
options and everything that uh we were
fortunate enough to allow her to retire
and as most of you know I plan on doing
something similar here shortly. Uh but
it was cool. She she said to me she's
like well it's not like I'm working
tomorrow or uh on Monday. Let's go. I
was like all right let's go. such an
interesting route it's taking uh because
there's there's a much faster way to get
to where we're where our destination is.
So, these must be kind of uh preset I
don't know roads that it feels
comfortable with or it's trying to avoid
certain things. But let's talk I mean
this is a huge deal. It's we're starting
off in Miami without any kind of driver,
any supervisor, right? last earnings
call what Elon had told us was was that
it would be maybe like three or four
months with a supervising driver at
first and then eventually we'll get rid
of the driver and essentially that
that's how it scale but then we saw
obviously Dallas and or maybe that was
two earnings ago that was two earnings
ago and then we saw Dallas and h and
Houston launch without any any
supervised drivers and now here Miami
We're lodging without any supervised
drivers. So that just goes to show you
how fast all this can change, how fast
the the road map, the scale out, how it
can change. And you know, it kind of
makes sense. If they were if they were
holding back maybe part of the roll out
uh so that they could do it without
having to have humans in the vehicle,
then you know that that's kind of worth
it to delay this so that you can do it
this way rather than having to hire
people in all these different cities
just to you know inevitably kind of lay
them off. Uh or I guess you'd probably
just repurpose them to to do other jobs.
But but I guess that would make sense.
Either way, I don't know what's going
on. We're gonna learn a lot this this uh
in a couple weeks at the earnings call.
Okay. Oh, are we about to get on the
highway? Is this highway? No, this isn't
highway. This is highway adjacent, as
they would say. Uh so, okay. So, here we
are. Uh but yeah, so we're going to
learn a lot, you know. So, first we'll
have the the Tuesday event, whatever
that's going to be that Lars is talking
about, and then we will also have the
earnings call, which hopefully will tell
us more. Um, and yeah, maybe there's
another city gets launched between now
and then.
I can't get over how comfortable this
Model Y is, and the ride is so much
smoother than mine. It's I don't think
it's as smooth as like an X or an S, but
it's definitely a lot smoother. And
these seats, the back seats on the Model
Y, uh what I have, I have a hardware for
uh Model Y performance, but I don't have
the brand new Model Y hardware for
performance.
But this is uh it's a very smooth ride,
and these seats are so comfortable. I
I'm just I'm just shocked. It's so night
and day compared to the other one.
All right, here we go. I mean, you can
see this thing. It's just crazy that
they don't move a little faster than
what they are. Like, I get the safety
thing and all that, but look at this.
This drive is perfect. My Model Y has
been taking us all over Miami,
downtown, South Beach, traffic, cops,
construction, everything. And it's been
perfect. Not a single thing have I had
to do. So, it's just a little wild to me
that the roll out is so slow. You just
wonder like, what are they seeing? What
is it? Is that they're waiting for cyber
cabs? Is it that they're waiting for
certain regulations? Or is there really
some bugs that they see in the software
that they're not hitting on? And again,
whatever the reason is, you know, at the
end of the day, I don't really care what
it is cuz I'm confident that Tesla will
solve it. But what will be interesting
is if uh they kind of give us a little
insight into what's actually happening.
Now, last call, they actually did do
that. As we go here, you can see we got
about 10 minutes left till we arrive
destination. But last call, um, a shock
and Elon were talking about how, you
know, if there's like a parade or
something or a closed a closed road that
all of a sudden the vehicle will start
doing this death loop where it'll keep
trying it and keep trying, keep trying
it. Essentially, this is a memory
problem. This is a a problem where it
doesn't know what's going on as far as
that street or doesn't remember, hey,
this was closed. Don't try to go down it
again. And it will loop around. I don't
know, just keep going. And that's a bad
customer experience. And then the other
thing is the apparently drop offs and
pickups. You know, as you Wow, I thought
I thought that car was about to crash.
Um, as you can uh tell, we had to pick
up the robo taxi front of some random
person's house, which is kind of not
ideal. Uh especially here in this area
of Miami where you've got all these
shopping plazas that you could easily
just have the road taxi go in there pick
pick you up. I feel like that'd be
safer, a little less awkward.
&gt;&gt; Okay, so I made it to the destination.
It took me on the highway and I got
here. It looks like Nick is about 10
minutes away when I track him. I'm not
gonna lie, it's kind of in a sketchy
part of town, so I'm hoping that roof
taxi comes pretty quickly. I don't
really love sitting here alone. Uh, I
got a sleeping baby in the back.
&gt;&gt; I really wonder where my wife is. I
wonder if she's uh arrived yet. I mean,
we're 6 minutes till we get there. So,
we're getting to Chipotle.
But, this is probably going to be the
only ride we do just because it took so
long just to get this. We The idea was
to do a couple rides just to see what
happens as far or to see how many uh
vehicles there are. I think it's pretty
clear there's only one. Uh I mean maybe
there's two or three. Either way, it's
not it's not enough for it's not enough
for a service. Uh but we also saw them
dip their toe in Dallas and Houston and
we haven't really seen much there there.
So, I'm hoping that on Tuesday, whatever
Lars is talking about, there's going to
be something meaningful. After all, we
just got the Nitsa the Nitsa news where
you don't need to have steering wheels
or pedals anymore. I mean, really,
that's just a waste of money to have
that at this point. Clearly, this
vehicle is able and the software is able
to handle this perfectly.
So, that's a waste. But, so maybe
they're waiting on that for the cyber
cab to roll out. And you know, in all
likelihood, there's probably going to be
kind of a I don't know, a 10 to1 ratio.
10 cyber cabs for every one Model Y. You
you still need to have Model Y's out
there just without the steering wheel or
the pedals because, you know, you're
going to have families coming here, you
know, like if I was if I was driving
around with my wife and my son, like we
need room for all of us. I don't want to
have my wife my son in a cyber cab alone
and then I have to ride away from them.
Like that's insane. I want to be able to
ride with the family. I want to be able
to have jokes with the family, hang out,
watch a movie together as a family. And
that's how it should be. Um, also, I
guess while you're watching this, if you
guys are interested, uh, options crash
course, we got the next one coming up in
August. If you've taken the crash course
before, you can sign up for the zero day
course. The crash course is the
prerequisite for the zero day course
because one kind of builds upon the
other. Um, so feel free. And then we
also just dropped a journal, a trading
journal, I a journal. Uh Mr. Daniel
Lemon, he uh helped scale and build out
what I had initially built. Uh he took
what I had and he made it into a proper
enterprise application. Uh, so thanks to
him, we can autosync to Tasty Trade, we
can we can sync up to Interactive
Brokers, we can sync up to Fidelity, and
soon to come, we're going to have uh
Robin Hood, and we're also going to have
Thinkorswim. And then anything else? I
know a lot of people in Canada are using
Mumu and Wealth Simple and a few of
those. So maybe we'll we'll get those
incorporated as well. So, if uh if if
you're in Canada or if you use Robin
Hood uh or Think or Swim, send me a DM
on X, uh we could use your help to get
some examples of the CSVs so we
understand like what or how you know the
taxonomy and the terminology and the
output that those platforms use. Soon as
we have that, we can go ahead and make
the IG journal fit for you as well. All
right, we're 2 minutes from our
destination. Um, this has been a pretty
uneventful ride, which is exactly how we
how we want it. So, we're coming up
here. It's uh, you know, I'm just very
happy to have a wife and a son who
support us in kind of going on these
crazy adventures. This is, you know,
like we said at the start of the video,
a last minute uh, decision where my wife
just said, "You want to go to Miami?" I
was like, "Let's go." Um, what was that?
Did I just get a text? Make sure you
gather your belongings. Oh, gotcha. All
right. Well, looks like we're pulling up
here now.
All right. Oh, yeah. There's my wife. I
can I can tell she's already here. You
can see her that she's recording.
There she is. Look at that. She
definitely beat us. All right. So,
that's it. I'm going to stop here. Do a
quick uh recap with the wife here. Um,
let me turn the fan down a little bit.
Uh, so sorry. So, so what what happened?
You went different route.
&gt;&gt; So, we started off um at the very
beginning obviously going in the same
direction and then you took a turn left
about a block sooner than I did and I
went on the highway and I'd say it was a
very efficient route and we got here
probably like 10 to 11 minutes sooner
than you did.
&gt;&gt; Oh, wow. That long?
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; Okay. Uh Wow. Okay. And then so and then
but you saw me pulling up.
&gt;&gt; I saw you pulling up.
&gt;&gt; Okay. And you said, uh, well, obviously
put this in the editing, right? But you
saw that there's a
&gt;&gt; Yeah, I saw there's a cute family
outside of the Chipotle and Pizza Hut
area and they saw you pull up and they
were like, "Oh my god." They saw that
there was nobody driving and then Nick
got out with his camera and it was like
really cute.
&gt;&gt; Oh, look at there. That's so funny.
There's a cute little family that's
really excited.
&gt;&gt; Nick's talking to them. They've got
kids. They're like, "Oh my god, no one's
driving that car."
So, the ride was so smooth. Uh, the
suspension that's that was a new Model
Y. Okay.
&gt;&gt; The suspension is so much better than
this. And the back seats were so
comfortable.
&gt;&gt; Really?
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Like like night and day. They're
like, it's night and day is like not is
not even doing justice. Like the back
seats are so comfortable. I probably
said like 16 times in the video, but
they were just like so noticeably
comfortable.
&gt;&gt; And that's just the new Model Y. It's
not like a special robo taxi model. Uh,
no. It's just the new Model Y, but it's
not the Model Y L that just launched.
That's Yeah, we'll we'll have to go test
that one out.
&gt;&gt; Okay.
&gt;&gt; But yeah, so it was really smooth the
whole ride. Uh,
&gt;&gt; you know, no issues at all. When I first
got in there, actually, uh, it there's a
customer support and it said, uh, reach
out customer support to start your ride.
So, I talked to the guy. I tried to get
some information from him, but he
wouldn't say anything. Uh, it sounds
like there might be more than one robo
taxi out here. He said that he's not
allowed to talk about this stuff.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; But when I asked it, he almost sounded I
mean, we'll have to review it again
&gt;&gt; cuz I have it on camera uh to see. But
it almost sounded like he was like, "No,
there's more than one." But there might
only be two.
&gt;&gt; Okay.
&gt;&gt; You know, like there's clearly not that
that many.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; But
&gt;&gt; Cool. So, there was nobody in the car.
And compare this to your Austin ride.
&gt;&gt; Um, honestly, it felt
It it felt just as smooth.
&gt;&gt; Okay.
&gt;&gt; But having no one else in there, just
you
&gt;&gt; is a different experience.
&gt;&gt; I'm sure
&gt;&gt; you literally feel like it's it feels so
much more luxurious
&gt;&gt; and you're in the back seat.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; Like we're driven around by Tesla all
day, but I'm in the front, you know?
&gt;&gt; Okay.
&gt;&gt; It It felt luxurious. But but yeah, I
think it's been a successful trip.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, I'd say so.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. So, thank you for uh coming up
with the idea and being persistent. And
yeah,
&gt;&gt; yeah, I think this might be how the
video ends. So, guys, I never asked for
this, but like and subscribe. Do it for
my wife, do it for my son. And if you're
interested, options crash course, you
know, you can use the links down below.
Uh that's how we got her retired. That's
how I'll be retiring soon. I'm happy to
teach you guys, teach you how to fish.
You're not depending on me. I'll teach
you everything. Entry rules, exit rules,
management rules, everything you want. I
also do one-on-one coaching for a very
select few people if we're a good fit.
And then if you took the options crash
course, you can go ahead and take the
zero day course as well. And last thing,
I AG Journal. We just launched it. Go
check it out. It helps you track your
trades. You can replay trades. There's a
calendar in there, your P&amp;L, everything.
Does all of it for you. It's very
simple. If you're in Tasty Trade,
there's an autosync, so you don't have
to drop CSV files or anything in there.
It works with Fidelity, works with
Interactive Brokers, Robin Hood,
Thinkorswim coming soon. Uh, if you use
Robin Hood Thinker Swim, please send me
a DM on X if you want to help. It'll
help expedite it. We just need examples
of CSVs to understand how they're
outputting things. Again, thank you to
my wife, thank you to my son. Love you
all. Thanks for everything and
supporting us. And we hope you had a
happy 4th of July.