Channel:     futureaza
Title:       CATL's Latest Battery Claims Deserve A Closer Look
URL:         https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xW8qFbL3RMM
Published:   2026-06-04 12:00 UTC
Fetched:     2026-06-04 13:00 UTC

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

CL is the undisputed winner of the
automotive battery race by volume. Does
that mean they make the best batteries
or just some pretty good ones or just
some that are the best for specific
applications? That's one of the things
they discussed in their recent
presentation. And uh that's great and
all, but uh I need me some context. So I
went and watched a video by Jordan from
the limiting factor, and I needed more
context. So, I brought them on to set me
straight because I've got some
misapprehensions and some misconceptions
and I need to be straightened out on
this. Uh, we're going to talk about uh
three things. One is their suit for fast
charging LFP cells. Another is their
semi-olid state and the other is their
sodium batteries. This is going to be a
whole bunch to cover and we're going to
cover it as quick as we can. I'm Brian.
Welcome to Futurza.
So Jordan, I don't know if you know
this. This is a big breaking news, but
uh this coming weekend, just tomorrow,
it begins on the 5th. I know this says
six days. Ignore that. That's because we
recorded this in the past. We are time
travelers. Uh we move forward through
time at a 1:1 ratio. It's very slow and
it ages me terribly. But uh this was uh
this is coming up just tomorrow. If
you're in Michigan or can get there by
Saturday, Saturdays, all the panels,
Jordan and I will be speaking at this
event, it's going to be a whole lot of
fun. This is your second year, third
year.
&gt;&gt; Third year. My heart skipped a beat
there for a second when you said
tomorrow because it's like, wait, it's
next week.
&gt;&gt; Well, you have to do the time travel
first, Jordan. And as viewers can
attest, you now have. So, we are we are
there. Yeah, that would that would
stress us both out tremendously. I'll be
flying out Wednesday night. I get in
Detroit Thursday morning and then off to
Moskegan. So yeah, this is going to be a
lot of fun. Join us, won't you? Tickets
on sale now. Tesla Michigan.org. Now, I
think you know this, but you covered the
CL event. And there were some big things
in there. The first one I wanted to
cover was that a lot of people like to
talk about the best the best battery the
best uh CL is saying and what you uh
appear to have reiterated is that there
is best for whatever it is you're doing.
You've got a spider diagram. I don't
care if the battery has a million cycles
if as opposed to say a thousand if it
costs a thousand times more. I don't
want a $5 million battery. that's too
expensive for my use. Uh, so value is a
big one, but cost, the charge rate, the
thermal stability. Is there such thing
as a best battery for automotive use?
Basically, the way CL phrased it at
their um event was that all of these
batteries have strengths and weaknesses,
and we try to bring out the strengths
and try not to uh dwell too much on the
weaknesses because it's easier to to
capitalize on the benefits. So, I
wouldn't say there's one best battery
for automotive use cases, but they
they've narrowed it down to uh two at
the moment, which is nickel batteries
and LFP batteries, which is just the
cathode. And then maybe someday in the
future, uh we'll see increasing amounts
of sodium ion powered vehicles. But
really, what they're doing there from my
perspective is expanding the floor
rather than taking market share from
like LFP and NMC. It was CL almost bad
mouth badmouththed their LFP batteries
at the event which really surprised me.
They said, "Hey, if you're buying a
vehicle and it's over $35,000 and it's
not a high nickel battery pack, um
you're you're kind of doing a disservice
to your customers." And they sell LFP
batteries. That's their major product.
So,
&gt;&gt; yeah.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; So, for them to say that was like, okay,
this is that's interesting. They're
trying to one they're trying to sell
more of their high nickel battery packs
because potentially they're higher
higher margin. But what they're saying
is also true. If you want the best
handling, the best performance
all-around vehicle, you you use a high
nickel battery. So you have different
battery chemistries for different tiers
and different price points.
&gt;&gt; So what is the C rate and what is Tesla
versus say some of these newer ones? Oh,
they're I was truly I was very impressed
with what CL is doing with charge rates
and BYD. Um because I was impressed a
year or two ago with what they were
doing, but they've just hit another
level now, which is it's C rates of 10
to 15 C, which that's uh like how many
times you could charge the battery in an
hour basically. Uh so um with a 10 to 15
C rate, you're fully charging the
battery or mostly charging the battery
in less than five minutes. fully charge
it in less than, you know, seven or
eight minutes, something like that.
&gt;&gt; It's insane when you look at a a normal
good battery. It was not that long ago
that six was uh a claim you would be
skeptical of. And when I saw these new
the BYD one CL, my first response was
skepticism. And then Kyle Connor went
out and tried one out himself and
recorded it and saw that this is legit.
This is real. And it seems they have
overcome some obstacles. I don't think
these are critical in the US where we
have access to home charging for the
most part. But for Eastern China where
most people live in uh multifamily
dwellings where you may not have access
to charging, I can see wanting a a
charge as quick as gassing up being a
real uh removing a big hurdle. Uh your
take?
&gt;&gt; Yes and no. I think I looked at this a
few years ago and they're just they
didn't they didn't have that many fast
chargers in China. They were still
relying heavily on these slower
chargers, which surprised me when I look
into it because when you see on the
media, it's always showing, all right,
they have these fantastic chargers that
can put out like 1,200 um uh kilowatts
or something like that. And the future
is here, but it's not evenly
distributed.
&gt;&gt; Yes. And there's even a a guy in China
that I keep in contact with who uh he
actually did a tear down and he shares
he does tearowns of these batteries. He
does tests and he shares the information
with me. And so he took one of these BYD
batteries out and instantly it just
didn't work. The charger couldn't handle
it. It didn't have the software updates,
etc. And it the battery got extremely
hot. So they can hit these charge rates
and I think they can do it with long
cycle life but um you you have to find a
charger that can actually provide that
amount of power. That's the sticking
point and it uh my guess is it will
cause some um additional degradation to
the battery but within acceptable limits
because most people aren't they're not
going to be driving a million miles with
their vehicle anyways. Would you rather
have a vehicle that can charge in 5
minutes and can go 400,000 miles or
would you rather have one that's um uh
where that's inverted where it charges
much slower but you get a million miles.
Right.
&gt;&gt; So it's finding the right balance of
qualities which I think they do. So I
think this type of life is going to be
fine. Yeah. That's my take is is what
I've been telling people is yeah, it'll
shorten your life from uh four times
longer than you will ever drive a car to
two times longer. It's still going to
outlive the vehicle. And what this also
means is that you're going to see more
second use, end of life uh applications
for these batteries, whether that's
off-grid, whether that's in stationary
storage. I assume you kind of ignore it.
But when it comes to the claims from
BYD, CL, uh, LG, Panasonic, SK, those
are ones that you're more inclined to
believe. Is that fair to say?
&gt;&gt; That that's definitely the case. And one
comment that I made in my video is that
like there's a lot of manufacturers that
overhype these battery technologies. CL
I would say their hype is just about
right on point because you want to get
people excited but you don't want to mis
lead people and there's I I most of the
hype that I see that goes overboard it's
typically from influencers
&gt;&gt; uh pumping up what they're doing and
then the uh the fan base they get it
excited about it and um it kind of feeds
on itself.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. So, yeah, it's uh you have to put
it this way. You have to listen very
closely to what companies like CL and
BYD say because I've never really heard
them say anything that's terribly
misleading, but people the way they word
it causes a lot of the fans to interpret
it as more positive than it is. For
example, several years back, CL said,
"We're going to start building an
industrial base for sodium ion
batteries." And that was in 2021. Well,
they were very early days because we
didn't they don't start mass
manufacturing those batteries until the
end of this year. So, five years gap
between them when they said that and
everybody assumed that um the market
would get taken over by sodium ion
batteries in two to three years and here
we are 5 years later and that hasn't
happened yet and it won't happen for
several more years. What I do to find
the signal in the noise is I go straight
to their websites, press releases and
just read them. Uh because they do
choose their words carefully. And those
big companies, CL, BYD, Panasonic and
all the rest do not have a history of
promising the stars and not delivering.
Uh but then again, a lot of their
announcements are, hey, we found a way
to get 4% more efficiency in 2 years.
When I see that, I say that's quality
engineering. That's all it is. I believe
you. Uh so what with that said, uh let's
mention sodium. We're seeing some
impressive W hours per kilogram. not as
much impressive watt hours per cubic
liter. Uh is that coming along? It
&gt;&gt; it w it will be coming along at the same
rate or similar to the gravimetric
energy density, but there's always an
inherent gap between those. So, uh yes,
the W hours per kilogram going is going
up and the W hours per liter is likely
also going up. We don't know because
they don't tell us, they don't advertise
that because this is what I'm talking
about reading what they say carefully.
you have to have a broader understanding
of uh what a sodium ion battery is and
how it works. So the watt hours per
kilogram is going up and so is the watt
hours per liter, but it's still there's
probably at least I'm guessing a 30% gap
between the two.
&gt;&gt; Um so for uh for the same watt hours per
kilogram with a high nickel chemistry,
you would get 30% more volumetric energy
density compared to like a sodium ion
for example. Yeah. Yeah. So, it's not
it's what I'm trying to tell people is
it's it's not the weight that's making
your range short. It's because they ran
out of places to put the batteries. Uh
and if you and
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. A lot of people argue that, well,
well, why don't you just make the
battery pack bigger? That's Well,
there's always a compromise. You either
have to push up into the uh passenger
cabin and take up space there or drop
the floor of the vehicle so you reduce
ground clearance. there there's no free
lunch
&gt;&gt; or make the wheelbase unacceptably long
or start putting it into a weird shape
that blows the cost through the roof. Uh
yeah, they've thought of these things. I
promise you folks
solid state, semi-olid state, how's that
coming? Because CL had some words on
that.
&gt;&gt; Well, it's um solid state is just
creeping along as it has been. Most
people don't know this, but the first
commercially available solid state
battery actually occurred like 15 years
ago. We've had solid state batteries are
here and they've been here for a long
time and then um but that started
increasing about five years ago and it's
really starting to move now. So there's
several gigawatt hours of solid state
battery production now. I forget how
much it is uh exactly but um they are
coming along. But one thing that came up
in this presentation is like a year or
two ago they said we have a 500watth per
kilogram battery the condensed matter
solid state battery or semi-olid state
battery because it still uses a gel
electrolyte so it's not pure solid
state. Um but uh I was suspicious of
that 500 watt hours per kilogram and
this year they said oh we're also going
to have an automotive version that's
going to be 350 watt hours per kilogram.
It's like, okay, well, that's 350 W
hours per kilogram isn't that much
beyond what we currently have. And the W
hours per liter of that battery cell is
actually worse than Tesla's current
Panasonic battery cell. So, yes, it has
great W hours per kilogram, but it's not
even up to scratch with the volumetric
energy density of current um leading uh
electrolyte liquid electrolyte battery
cells. And that's what I'm seeing with a
lot of these bold startup claims is that
like if you look at the the donuts over
at Doughut Med, Donut Labs, their their
claims were outrageous because it
checked too many boxes. And of course,
we now know that that was overstated.
But uh their charge rate wasn't even
comparable to LFP, advanced LFP in
China. Uh their energy density per
kilogram was good, but not shocking. And
when it comes to CATL's 500 W hour per
kilogram, maybe those are for uh flight,
maybe those are for aviation or u
something where the cost is less
critical. So I think that would be an
interesting way. Now a question I have
for you and this is one that uh I've
never heard answered is would my potato
battery be solid state or semiolid
state? Because because I mean it is
damp, it's wet.
&gt;&gt; It would be liquid electrolyte. Okay.
Well, then never mind patent
&gt;&gt; because the ions would have to move
through a fluid instead of a solid. Not
a gel or a solid. It would be moving
through a liquid. Is that's my guess. I
don't exactly know how a potato battery
works. You've stumped me. So,
&gt;&gt; oh, so yeah, you you it's it is the
electrolyte. It you've got your your
anode and your cathode and it there is I
mean it works. Uh but I will not try and
power a car with that. It would be
hilarious to do it.
&gt;&gt; You That's actually a really good
analogy that you've just given me
because if you look at a potato, if you
people peel open their their battery
cells like a 2170 or something, it's
like, well, it's mostly dry. It's like a
little bit of moisture in there, but
there's not much at all. And it is like
a potato. When you cut open a potato, it
it just doesn't leak water everywhere
because there's a certain amount of
porocity in there. Um, so it it's almost
dry after you slice the potato, but it's
a little bit damp. And it's the same
thing in a battery cell.
&gt;&gt; I'm here to educate you, Jordan. You
knew this was coming. Uh, last one I
wanted to ask is, do you have you seen
anything about Prologium?
&gt;&gt; I've heard of them. It's something I
first I encountered them several years
ago from memory, but there's just so
many of them. I don't know specifically
uh what they're working on and how
they're progressing. So, I will give you
some quick backstory and not make you
answer the question because you haven't
seen it. Uh, Tubbit Da Vinci was invited
in. He was allowed to film everything he
saw and he was allowed to uh publish
everything he recorded. Um, they've been
working on solid state batteries for 20
years. That's a lot more believable than
a company saying we've been working on
them for two and uh they are ready to
commercialize. They are they do have a
production line. and they're putting
them in like I don't know phones or
electronics very small cells. Basically,
I was saying that on the preoium
battery, they're not saying anything
crazy. They're not making huge claims.
They're not saying it's going to be
super cheap, it'll be reasonable, and
that it's still for automotive sake not
quite ready. It'll be an interesting one
to watch. In terms of our discussion
today, is there anything I'm missing or
forgetting to ask?
&gt;&gt; No. No, but I I will have to look into
prologium because uh
&gt;&gt; is that how it's pronounced?
Oh, I'm not sure how you pronounce it.
&gt;&gt; Um, because a few people have asked me
about that in a few weeks and I was like
in the past few weeks and I'm like, "Oh,
somebody must have done a video." So,
um,
&gt;&gt; two bit Da Vinci is where I would start.
Ricky does great work. He's a great guy.
&gt;&gt; So, guys, uh, in the comments, what did
we miss? What do we misunderstand? And
the biggest question of all, are you
coming to, uh, Tesla Owners Club of
Michigan summer meetup tomorrow? Uh,
Friday is when it starts, Saturday is
when it continues. Rivian will be
offering test drives. Tesla will be
offering test drives. Jordan and I will
be offering high fives, complimentary uh
tips. Welcome. Uh, everybody else, uh,
you know, uh, like, subscribe, do what
you do. Head over to Jordan's channel,
The Limiting Factor. And if you can't
get enough, uh, if you're a Patreon on
either Patreon, Twitter X, or on
YouTube, do you do YouTube memberships
as well? You get the videos a week
early. You're coming out ahead.
&gt;&gt; Everybody else, stay tuned. Stay juicy.
And I can't wait to hear from you.