Channel:     brighterwithherbert
Title:       Elon Thinks Grok Is About To Catch OpenAI
URL:         https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gsGN-CmDCRA
Published:   2026-07-01 13:30 UTC
Fetched:     2026-07-01 14:00 UTC

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

The AI race may be about to change much
faster than almost anyone expects. Elon
Musk just revealed a road map suggesting
Grock could go from chasing OpenAI
Anthropic to competing head-to-head with
them within months. After acquiring
Cursor, Grock 4.5 is now in private beta
at SpaceX and Tesla with early
evaluations showing performance close to
or perhaps even exceeding Opus. But Elon
says that's only the beginning. The
Cursor team isn't just contributing
training data anymore. They're now
making major engineering contributions
to SpaceX next generation AI models.
While dozens of Starlink and Starship
engineers have shifted their focus to
AI, Elon says model improvements are
accelerating with a new model planned
every month and a much larger two
trillion parameter model expected in
August. Most importantly, Elon believes
the biggest leap will arrive in about
three months when the entire training
and inference stack is rewritten,
simplified, and optimized for Nvidia's
GB300 architecture. If he's right, the
conversation may soon shift from can gro
catch openai and anthropic to has it
already. We got Joe Bacti here with us
today. He's an economist, investor, and
tech entrepreneur. He has a YouTube
channel covering both Tesla and AGI.
Check out his website and community at
pioneerlands.org. org. Welcome Joe.
&gt;&gt; Good to be back.
&gt;&gt; So I gathered together the last several
days Elon has been on X posting about
AI, about Grock and about all the models
that they've been working on. I know you
have uh done research on this and
followed up. So I wanted to ask you does
it mean that Grock is catching up to
anthropic and um Open AI? Here's what he
said. Elon posted this. He said Grock
4.5
based on our 1.5 uh trillion parameter
model the V9 foundation model. So it's
it's more than the.5 trillion that most
people have been used to the Grock based
on that. But this is based on 1.5 with
cursor data added. That's a new thing.
They've now added cursor data in
supplemental training is now in private
beta in SpaceX and Tesla. Early
evaluation show performance close to
perhaps exceeding opus. Okay, so this is
it. They feel like they've caught up.
Reinforcement learning is continuing to
significantly improve the model and the
Grock build harness gets better every
day. Nice work by everyone involved.
Completely trained from scratch. New
models will be released by SpaceX every
month this year. Okay, so he's basically
announcing to you that not only do we
think we caught up, but we're going to
start releasing a new models trained
from scratch every month. This is the
speed that Elon works at. Um, Jeff Bez
Be Jazzo says, "Looks like Grock is back
on the menu." And he added, "Elon, in
addition to their excellent and unique
training data, the Cursor team is also
making major engineering contributions
to V9 SFT and reinforcement learning.
It's an honor and pleasure to work with
them. Sounds like that the cursor
acquisition and their contribution is is
incredible. It's working well. for this
1.5 trillion parameter run. Cursor data
was added in supplemental training,
which is not quite as good as having an
initial training. The two trillion run
that started a few weeks ago has greatly
improved data in scope and scale in
almost every arena and many upgrades,
fixes to the training recipe. This will
be finished in late July for August
release. I'm going to pause here. He he
continues to add more color. Let's stop
here. What what do you take from
everything he just said, Joe? Well,
strategically, I I think I reported on
this like about two months ago when it
became clear that they're buying cursor
uh and they bought this call option for
$10 billion and then executed of course
famously like a a few weeks ago. Uh that
this is a very big move because Grock
was behind. Let's be very clear. I'm,
you know, a lot of people are just
fanboys of Elon and do anything he he
promotes. And I was never like that. I
love Elon. I think he's great. But with
Grock, I was unhappy. I wasn't unhappy.
I was not using it. Uh, I used Claude
because it was better. Uh, Chet was
always like unbearably woke, so I
couldn't deal with it. I get lectured
every time I ask them the most normal
question. So, I was like, "Oh, blah blah
blah." So, it's so obnoxious. But Claude
was very, very good. Um, Fable, I was
never a big fan of Fable. I don't know
what people have with Fable, but I'm not
coding with AI. I'm asking it for logic.
I'm asking it for editorial things. I'm
asking it all kinds of stuff and uh
claude was the best. Claude design of
course is extremely good and now
recently over the last month maybe I'm
switching to Grock and so that's my
first observation that there is
something going on besides these big
releases that Grock is continuously
getting better at a very stunning rate
weekly. There is something going on. I
don't know what they do. Claude also
changes every week but unfortunately not
always to the better. So with claude I
see some deterioration. Maybe they don't
have enough compute. I don't know what
it is. And so I thought something big is
going on and I think it's going to
accelerate because this com combination
with cursor is a very big deal. Cursor
is the world's most advanced harness.
Most people don't know that. They think
anthropic is in the lead. Anthropic is
in the lead in terms of revenue, but in
terms of accounts and even usage by
enterprise clients, cursor is the number
one. That's very important to know. They
are the most companies because they'll
be the earliest to start this. They're
very good in what they're doing. It's
only coding for now. And this
combination gives Grock tremendous
advantages. They get this entire
enterprise data. They know everything
people did with cursor. Uh they are
feeding this to Grock. And at the same
time, Grock is just getting better
foundationally because people I mean
it's a good team and now it's combined
with Kursa. I think that is the two
reasons why I'm so bullish is number one
cursor brings all the data and gives the
sales advantage right by giving them all
the enterprise accounts that can be
massively expanded. But second and maybe
more importantly
I think the cursor team might be the
smartest AI team out there. I think the
Grock team is technically very savvy
with compute, also with training, but
the cursor team is the team that
understands AI the best in my opinion.
They just didn't have the resources to
execute, right? They didn't have the
compute. They didn't have an LLM they
owned, but the way they performed
without having that shows how powerful
they are. And now imagine what they can
do when they have all the resources of
SpaceX AI. So
I think I would not underestimate the
talent effect of cursor and we will see
that very very quickly because I think
what Elon is the best at is actually
getting talent and then making the best
of that talent and I think he was
missing that piece of the talent stack
and now he definitely has it.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; Because when you watch the curs of
founder and everyone these people are
extremely smart cookies. Mhm. What I
what I take from this is that when he
said that we think our our Grock model
is going to be as good as Opus, but it's
only using supplemental data from
cursor. It's not even yet, you know,
full integration because they need to
give them a little bit more time. The $2
trillion parameter, that one will be
full cursor. So, just wait when that's
fully there. And then he's saying each
month we're going to have a new version.
And uh yeah, they had a problem with
talent. And I think you're right that
Grock is technical talent, pure brains,
and they caught up quickly, but then
they didn't know how to surpass. Why?
They didn't have the right harness as
you pointed out. They needed cursor.
They didn't have that. But, you know,
it's like that user interface. It's that
&gt;&gt; it's that you know, it's like the way
that you talk to it and what how it it's
like it's really the UI, right? But the
user interface, it's like how you feel
about talking to it. Anthropic is
perfect. anthropic was that they hit the
magical you felt like this was your
friend was supporting you like open your
eyes a little bit more technical but
Grock was even more like a scientist you
know fact fact so cursor became
successful because they were that so now
they have that so that's cool um take a
look at this uh this is what he said
Bernett uh who's obviously uh I've had
on my show several times he does
business models for SpaceX and and he
goes, "Let's see what calling in the
aerospace and rocket engineers to work
on AI models does for Grock." Because
now that Grock Xai is owned by SpaceX
and then they bought Cursor, they're
also taking the SpaceX engineers and
they're mixing them up. And what's going
to happen when you have the aerospace
rocket engineers working on AI models
and Elon said this truly massive gains
will come in 3 months when the entire
training and inference stack is written
in C, C++. That's first massively
simplifies simplified most software
layers will be deleted completely and
then we exact map m map m map m map m
map m map m map m map m map m map m map
gro to work incredibly well in GB300.
So not only are they we're going to
integrate cursor data we're going to use
their harness we're going to get uh the
two trillion parameter that talks about
the size of the training data and then
they're going to have rewrite the soft
the software inference stack for C
sample simplify it and then map it to
the GB300 these guys could based on this
absolutely leaprog right
&gt;&gt; yeah it's it's like uh I would describe
it as the advantages of cursor. If I had
to summarize them, number one, of
course, client accounts and access,
which is key because SpaceX said they
have a $22 trillion TAM. What is that
TAM? That is the TAM exactly that cursor
has only that they cannot fully leverage
it. So now they have market access. Very
important. Number two, they have talent.
Super important. What does this talent
do? The talent does basically two two4
like a half like two4th of the entire
stack you need to win. And if I would
have to describe that stack, it has
three technical components and a product
component. So the product component is
what you described like what do we do
here? How does it feel? Does it do what
we want? Is the inference prompted the
right way? Harnessed the right way,
right? Um to make the people happy who
use it plus the actual UI and and the
features. That's a total weakness of uh
the Grock team. It was a total weakness.
It's also a weakness generally of Elon.
Elon doesn't think like that and he
doesn't like it even though he knows
it's important but he doesn't normally
get good people for that and he's not
great at that. The second
is the total tech stack of AI and that
has three pieces. The first piece is
compute and that's of course where they
totally kill it. That's absolutely the
core strength of Elon. Like how do you
even build these things? And we see now
more and more this is like the one thing
everything overlooked. Everyone's like
well we build it. We build it. And then
you know yeah but just you can't I can
do it in two months. It's the biggest
thing. You cannot do it in two years.
You're toast. And I think that's like
what no one still most people don't have
really realized that
&gt;&gt; they are the only ones who can build
these super clusters and they will build
more of them on Earth and then in space.
The second piece of the stack is the
LLM, the ability to train these things,
to train the core LLM. And that's again
becoming more and more a central
strength, maybe also a core strength of
Elon because it's also like he thinks
it's like fullon tech. And then the
third piece
is the actual harness. And the harness
is not just the product. The harness is
a central piece of the intelligence. So
there is a product piece of the harness
that just makes sure you're happy and it
says the right things. But then there's
also an intelligence piece of the
harness and that's a very complicated
not well understood new thing in AI
where anthropic had some good progress
but I think now they are catching on to
it and that's where cursor is also very
strong and that means you have the LLM
which is kind of the core intelligence
right this is like you ask it a question
it says something intelligent but what
about memory what about reflection what
about meta thinking what about all these
things these are all like loops built
into this thing and these loops are not
the LLM. This is like the harness or the
connective tissue between the LLM loops
not to make you happy as a user but to
introduce true intelligence like memory
reasoning all kinds of things. That is I
think where the real the core tech of AI
will be developed and that is where
cursor is also very strong. Yeah, I love
the way that you frame that with the
four um model the four parts of it.
That's great. But it's it feels good
that this is the expectation. We don't
know. We're going to wait and see. But
this is the expectation that it could be
catching up because right now they are
far below. They're but they're not
they're not nearly up at dramatic speed
&gt;&gt; because once you crack these four given
the vast advantages of space XAI in the
first two in compute and in LLM more and
more
&gt;&gt; training yeah
&gt;&gt; and then the extreme strength of cursor
in the second two because cursor is not
someone who tries to catch up they are
the number one
&gt;&gt; they have been the number one they could
just not enthropic was kind of the
number two in all of them but it had all
of them and by having all
&gt;&gt; well they were cursor was number one but
then and cursor fell because they ran
out of compute
&gt;&gt; and I would say in component in
component terms
&gt;&gt; cursor was always the number one in the
first two and grock became the number
one in the third one and was the number
one or became in the last year also in
the fourth one but if you have number
one and one and on the other side number
one and one they are behind someone
who's number two in all four
&gt;&gt; because Anthropic was able to
&gt;&gt; to be decent in compute or good number
two in compute or number three maybe
number two in LLM number two behind
cursor in the secret uh in the secret
layer but because cursor was only number
whatever five in LLMs they fell behind
and throb
&gt;&gt; they didn't have they didn't You have to
understand the components. So if you
bring all the number one components
together, you just are number one very
quickly.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; Like by end of the year or something.
&gt;&gt; What what I'm looking forward to is
where this turns into revenue. And you
know that Elon has said this many times.
It's like it's not it's who cares if you
are ranked by awards and these tests.
That's not the goal. The goal is make
the most money. He said this. And so if
macrohard
also called digital optimist if this is
launched and it really is something
that's exciting like uh it actually
works that's where it gets really
exciting. So we're going to wait for
that.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Well and the interesting thing is
if you go if you go to Grock uh what is
the what's the domain x.ai I think uh to
the corporate page of gro that thing is
more advanced than I thought in terms of
actual commercial product. you click on
it's like oh solutions enterprise legal
solutions. So they have all kinds of
stuff going on there. I didn't even
notice I just checked it out the other
day. So Ed Grock Build is getting more
and more positive reviews. So
&gt;&gt; they're definitely working on that.
&gt;&gt; They're catching up on the that's the
code part. Okay. So this person asked
sounds like we will get the 1.5 trillion
parameter model in July and the two
trillion model in August. Okay. That's
like next month. That's like we are in
July now. Now we're going to the model
and he said yes. Okay. So that's good
news. And then he said every aspect of
the two trillion parameter model is
improved over the 1.5 trillion. So it
will be much more than just a one-/ird
increase in parameters.
This is it. This is where the big jump
is right because when you compare it to
what Anthropic was using, they were
ahead at the I think that what the one
the.5 to one trillion. And so once they
get to the two trillion, this is where
they truly are showing that we are
further ahead. We'll see if it's better
than mythos or not.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Well, we will see. But uh in the
end, it's like robo taxi and these
things. Uh these things don't randomly
occur. It's a function of team and the
tax stack and then you're on to off to
the races. And I think
SpaceX AI effectively already have has
won this whole race in my opinion.
&gt;&gt; It's it's isn't it funny? It is very
similar to Whimo and Robbo taxi, isn't
it? Because in Whimo, people look at
well, hey, look, they're ahead because
they have 3,700 cars already in 10 metro
areas. They're they look how many rides
that they offer. But people don't look
at the infrastructure. Okay. Cost
200,000 per car. Oh, they've got actual
um remote drivers, remote support
people, and they can't scale. Meanwhile,
they're looking at Tesla going, "Yeah,
you don't have any cars. You have a
handful of cars out there." But, but you
know, again, look at this
infrastructure. It's going to go and
skyrocket. Same way with here, isn't it?
Anthropic.
I feel like if things are very abstract,
people get smarter about innovation
&gt;&gt; and if they're very unabstract, they get
dumber. I mean that in space with AI, I
feel the market
catches up faster. I think that you will
get less resistance when you say they
are already winning. Most analysts and
experts wouldn't push back as hard as
with Whimo because for them it's
abstract like well this is all crazy
stuff the whole thing and if you tell
them look they have more compute and
this and that I think it's easier for
the human brain to wrap your head around
okay maybe SpaceX now wins whereas with
Whimo because
&gt;&gt; they're looking at hardware
&gt;&gt; and it has all the sensors it's like how
can it be better if it has like
&gt;&gt; less sensors it's got to be worse. Yeah.
&gt;&gt; Exactly. Every time you have something
to touch, people get dumb because like
why I can't touch the sensor but I can't
touch the camera. How can the camera
&gt;&gt; more is better in their heads as opposed
to
&gt;&gt; Dude, it's not the camera that's better.
It's the
&gt;&gt; intelligence. Yeah. Okay. A few more
things that Elon did say here. Um Omar
said, "As the model gets better at
writing code, you and I have been
talking about this so much. The
usefulness of abstraction layers
designed to make things easier for
humans trends zero. I would probably be
concerned with memory safety, but the
models are already very good at
identifying and fixing buffer overflows.
Don't know what all that means. Elon
said, with great power, direct memory
management comes great responsibility.
Making a joke, right? Um and then uh
yeah, so so that is all and and just to
quickly Elon actually posted this on his
own. He took this chart from Wall Street
Journal. Tim Cook who told the Wall
Street Journal that the jump in cost was
unlike anything he had seen in any area
in over 40 years. This is the cost of
memory has jumped so much that they had
to raise their prices. This is it. Tesla
uh Apple's products have been ra risen.
Biggest price jump in anything I've ever
seen too. So he's he was warning warning
about memory and it showed up. It's an
issue. And then Omar said, "Is there
anything we can do to solve this beyond
increasing production?" Good thing by
the way, guess what? Terra Fab is being
built to have their own memory part of
it. So Elon is already making moves to
not be kind of held hostage by the
memory increase in prices and lack of
products. The production shortfall
relative to demand is insane. Much
higher production is needed, hence
tarab. And he's already started it. You
know what I mean? He's already many
months ahead of everyone else. I mean
what people also underestimate you know
that I'm tactically very bearish on
SpaceX but strategically very bullish. I
think SpaceX will be much lower from
here in December and I think it will be
much higher from here in two years. So
and then much much much higher. So uh I
think what people underestimate
is
yes it's very complicated to build
memory or chips but it is also in a way
just a function like Elon's genius is
often that you don't have to reinvent
the wheel like 99.9%
of all the tech you need just exists
already and Elon could never invent that
obviously like if you look at a chip
factory like are you this is very
complicated but he doesn't have to
invent it he just has to copy it and
then zero in on the weaknesses of the
process and the economics of the process
and rethink it from first principles
which is not rocket science in a way but
you take this whole thing analyze like
what's actually the problem here and
that is exactly Elon's strength and
that's why people might get very
surprised with Terraab I think in two
respects Number one, how much quicker
than they can build that than people
think because people think Terraab we
don't even have to worry about it. It's
like five years out
&gt;&gt; minimum.
&gt;&gt; Mhm.
&gt;&gt; I'm not so sure. It might only be three
years out, maybe only two and a half
years. And uh because that's his
strength, right, to build these things
fast. Uh the second is
if you have a vertically integrated AI
factory factory right uh with memory and
everything these synergies in there
might be vastly underrated because no
one even does that right now
&gt;&gt; right
&gt;&gt; so
&gt;&gt; and Elon's
central strength is economics right he
can he understands economics better than
anyone else and that in conjunction with
this whole situation and a much more
narrow use case for only cloud compute
as opposed to Nvidia that has to do
everything might lead to some massive
thing and then what people don't
understand when they talk about SpaceX
and valuation micron alone is at 1.1
trillion
&gt;&gt; that's just that is just micron this
just micronvidia is at five trillion
&gt;&gt; and they're growing like insane by the
way so
&gt;&gt; and terab is a combination of both Yeah.
And more.
&gt;&gt; It's a combination of both and both are
absolutely supply constraint. So both
Micron and Nvidia could double their
market cap within 9 months if they only
could if they just could produce more
and they can't. So it's not just that
they are huge six trillion combined. So
or more like whatever six trillion
combined growing like crazy but they
could just double. They could be 12
trillion. there could be 18 trillion by
December if they could just give people
what they wanted. And so then even
though I think for tech for mechanical
reasons SpaceX going down but SpaceX at
1.75 trillion IPO when you look at
something that could be 18 trillion now
it just can't because they can't produce
and then understand who builds Terafab
by the way Tesla not SpaceX but that's a
different topic. uh then you understand
okay this is uh something very big is
going to happen and I don't even get me
started that's just teraf what about
space compute what about
&gt;&gt; so so I was going to say that's what I
was going to say so you you're talking
about the chip market which is already
you know 4 trillion for Nvidia 1
trillion for micron yeah the others
that's a chip market that Tesla's going
to be or yeah SpaceX Tesla's doing right
then there's the data center market you
know that's huge obviously Then there's
the LLM market obviously that's
anthropic and that's OpenAI they're
already multi-t trillion dollar
companies just that alone and then of
course there's digital optimist and
macro hard and the fight for that
&gt;&gt; and and Herbert very important point
I should do a video on that that's a
very good point let's talk AI bubble
right so people are scared what about
Micron what about Nvidia so let's what
about Terraab running into demand
problems
Why would they run into demand problems?
Because it's all enterprise AI. What if
anthropic overpromised? Now they are
token maxing the clients and now they're
pulling back because they're not getting
enough out of it. Then the bubble starts
imploding and everyone panics because
they're not buying enough of the chips
and then they're not buying enough LLM
use and cloud use because in the end the
product is not good enough. Well, guess
what? The entire AI bubble thesis is
hinging on the theory that progress in
the actual end product to enterprise
can't keep up and then demand implodes.
So the more you get better at cursor
Grock, the less it's a bubble. It is the
demand axis into the world because world
depends on this stuff to get better. So
huge leaps on that front will just pull
up demand even more. Yeah, it's got to
be useful at the enterprise level. Yep.
And cursor was the answer.
&gt;&gt; It's kind of a stack. You build, as we
discussed, you build the chips and but
from an economics perspective, the
industry that builds all the chips in
RAM feeds it into the LLM. The LM feeds
it into the cloud service. The cloud
service into digital optimus and then it
hinges on that point. Can digital
optimus replace workers? Because then
you are off to the races. And I think we
are incredibly here's how I see the AI
bubble. I think there is a lot of
investment. It is hinging more and more
on anthropics uh growth right
trajectory. I think they will run into
some issues because they are a little
underd delivering versus the demand uh
uh that is happening but we are
extremely close to a breakthrough and
the breakthrough is to replace humans
and
that is that is happening.
&gt;&gt; We're not quite there. We're not there
yet, but uh
&gt;&gt; it's happening between December this
year and December next year or
something. And
&gt;&gt; the difference between that is the
bubble imploding or not at least
technically like for a short period of
time. So the fact that
&gt;&gt; I have high confidence that cursor will
totally overtake anthropic by end of
this year
&gt;&gt; also means the bubble might just not the
question is there a bubble pop a drop
before the next bubble then comes.
&gt;&gt; It's always timing, right? Anything can
happen that can still happen for sure
but we know that over over time it'll be
self um Chamat Papatia of Allin was
asked the question would you prefer to
get 100 shares of anthropic 100 shares
of open eye or 100 shares of SpaceX.
Pick one. He picked SpaceX without
hesitation. His reasoning is worth
unpacking fully because it cuts to the
heart of how the best investors think
about technology bets. His take on
OpenAI Anthropic was actually generous.
He acknowledged that Anthropic is a
superior enterprise product. His own
fund uses it at their foundational model
and that chat GPT has built one of the
most powerful consumer brands in history
of technology. Both true but in the case
of for SpaceX is built on something
completely different. It's not one
business a platform for multiple
businesses that compound each other.
Start with the Starlink already is
today. Starlink generated 11 billion
growing roughly 50%. The earnings is
63%.
Subscriber count went from 2.3 to 10.3
million. Okay, so it's hugely
successful. His core insight is that the
global communications infrastructure is
profoundly broken. He's right. 2.6
billion people lack internet. Okay, so
Starink is going to replace all that. Uh
maritime, commercial aircraft, military,
rural hospital, they'll all need this.
But his most interesting point is what
he called embedded optionality. The idea
that SpaceX business model doesn't stop
at Earth. Now the only fully reusable
heavy lift rocket system in the world
with Starship. Every new market SpaceX
opens on Earth direct to sell with
mobile T-Mobile enterprise contracts,
government agreements becomes a template
that can theoretically be replicated the
moment humans establish a permanent
presence elsewhere. A Starlink
equivalent for lunar base, a Mars colony
orbital station. Anthropic and Open Air
are betting on winning a model race
where the finish line keeps moving.
SpaceX is betting on owning the physical
infrastructure layer of the next era of
human civilization on Earth and
eventually beyond it. Uh let's listen to
what he actually said. Majority
&gt;&gt; I'm just curious. If I if I said to you,
Chimath, I've got a 100 shares of
Anthropic here, 100 of Open AI, 100 of
SpaceX, they're all free to you, but you
can only take one stack and you just
want to make money eventually. Which
stack do you take? SpaceX because it has
the most broad optionality.
You know, you have to also unders
underwrite like if you're being an
investor in that example.
I think Anthropic will over earn in the
short term because they they're just a
superior product and have superior
enterprise adoption. We use it at 8090.
It's our foundational model for a lot of
our work. It's exceptional. As a
consumer, I use Chat GPT. I think it has
an effective monopoly there. It's a
brand that every man, woman, and child
understands. They'll mature into a chat
GPT user over time that has value.
But those are single lines of business.
One's enterprise, one's consumer. You
can debate it, but it es and flows with
the GDP of the world.
What SpaceX offers you is exposure to
that, but this extremely different set
of revenue streams that have nothing to
do necessarily with those two things,
enterprise adoption levels or consumer
adoption levels, because independent of
those two things, the communications
infrastructure of the world is pretty
profoundly broken. We're going to go
through a refresh cycle. It's going to
get the plurality of that. And when you
look at all of these businesses that
exist on Earth and you, this may sound
like sci-fi, but you start to project
what it looks like to have an equivalent
form of these businesses in other places
that are not Earth. Um, I think it's
huge embedded optionality. And that's
Yeah.
&gt;&gt; Thoughts on what he's saying there?
&gt;&gt; Yeah, I think he is right. I think he is
thinking about it a little different
from me. uh but he's also right he
thinks about diversification and all
these optionality I think more about
very strictly speaking the digital human
that is what's reflected in the IPO
pitch deck and for me the question is
more stalling is a nice business but I
think it's capped at 2.5 to 5 trillion
which is not bad by the way like in
terms of market cap um the big deal the
really big deal of course is AI and I
think These pieces are coming together
extremely rapidly because of cursor.
This is like the the cursor deal is so
ingenious.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; It's worth 60 billion. Isn't it funny
how like that's a lot of money for a
bunch of young 25 year olds. But
actually,
&gt;&gt; you have to also understand how insane
that deal is in normal terms. Like 60
billion is that's insane. They they had
an acquisition offer for 10 billion
before and rejected it. Uh and that was
more normal. 20 billion would have been
a very strong thing. 30 billion would
have been insane. So Elon comes like
what about 60? And it was like what what
are you talking are you nuts? Yes, of
course 60.
&gt;&gt; Because Elon it's going to generate
trillions. And so yeah
&gt;&gt; because Elon saw
he understood it before anyone else.
like last year he understood wait I am
not getting anywhere with grock I'm
getting with compute somewhere and I
think the LLM team is great but that's
just not enough he understood that
something big is happening he understood
he can't do it and then he thought about
what about cursor that is exactly
missing piece so
this is now coming together and I think
I I have I have absolutely zero concerns
about AI compute buildout because that
is Elon's central strength I have zero
concerns about terap that's exactly
where he absolutely kills it. The only
problem was and that's a very big that's
a humanity defining problem. How do you
finish the stack which is not that is
the question how you build AGI and the
answer is cursor. Cursor was exactly the
missing piece in the entire Elon puzzle
and he totally saw it. He zeroed in. He
made an insane offer and now he has it
and that means this is going to happen
fast potentially this year.
&gt;&gt; Okay. And with AI, I just mean like
something that is mind-boggling
&gt;&gt; and that is mind-bogglingly profitable
because it's just going to eat up
enterprise and on a massive scale. And
yeah, I am loving it all of it because
my timing for SpaceX is probably
perfect. I think there's just no way
they survive on this price level until
December. I think all these things we're
discussing now will not be obvious and
forcing functions for the markets until
next year. And so I think it will be
perfect. It will be a perfect entry
point end of this year.
&gt;&gt; Okay.
&gt;&gt; And it will be then once it drops a
little bit,
&gt;&gt; it will be the rocket ride of our lives
this.
&gt;&gt; Okay. Well, so you know, I agree with
you. It'll be next year. Uh I did a show
with Brian Wang and he kind of pointed
out that the big dollars is not robo
taxi, that's peanuts. The big dollars is
AI, both AI data center locally here in
terrestrial, but also this cursor deal.
in with the uh digital optimist if they
can start showing that that can make
money basically anthropic level money
could happen this year you know by the
end of this year so that's why we're
watching very closely if the next few
months as Elon is saying his timelines
always slip but if he's if it we show we
see something that shows that they're
caught up that's what we're watching for
sounding like they're caught up they're
catching they will be catching up we'll
see thank you so much Joe appreciate
Follow him on his website at
pioneerlands.org.
Thanks everybody.
&gt;&gt; Thank you.
&gt;&gt; I've created a website that is the most
comprehensive resource for the Tesla
investor. Please check it out. Simply go
to my website at herbalm.com.