Channel:     futureaza
Title:       Tesla's Biggest Businesses Still Aren't Priced In
URL:         https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xq1Xj219VsQ
Published:   2026-06-02 20:00 UTC
Fetched:     2026-06-02 21:00 UTC

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Is Tesla still a good investment? Was it
ever a good investment? This price
toearnings ratio is so out of whack, but
if you waited for a sensible pricing to
earnings evaluation, well, you'd still
be waiting, you never would have bought
any. So, we're going to look over a few
stories that tell a few different
pictures, and you can help us decide
which ones make sense and which ones are
absolutely bonkers. And when I'm saying
bonkers, of course, that means I got to
bring in Randy Kirk. He is uh known for
his ability to spot some crazies in the
mix when it comes to financial
journalism. Uh it's not something that
we have to brag about. It's more of a
curse. Uh I'm Brian. Welcome to Futurza.
&gt;&gt; Hello, Brian.
&gt;&gt; I understand your period of exile uh
shall be ending soon. Uh when are you
coming back? I did me I did mention to
my wife this morning that you know in
another five another five days we'll be
able to leave this place and and
vacation for 11 months in Riverside,
California
&gt;&gt; when I think Riverside. Uh so there is
uh and of course we'll have to figure
out our plan for next Monday because
I'll be in Michigan on my final day
there.
&gt;&gt; Michigan? What am I even talking about?
Well, that must mean that it's almost
time for the Tesla Michigan Owners Club
summer meetup. Yes, it does. This has
three days. Ignore that. This was
recorded on Monday, so that means uh
we've got tickets still available.
Friday is the VIP meet and greet where
you can meet me and greet me. Um I push
for a meet or greet. Uh the organizer
said that was not sufficiently generous.
We've got some great folks turning out.
Please join us. We would love to have
you there. And uh yeah, people ask me
why I don't invite Randy. They are under
the mistaken impression that I don't. I
do invite Randy. He just says travel
there. Is it Hawaii pass? So, uh did I
miss anything on that?
&gt;&gt; You didn't miss a thing. Sounds right.
Yes.
&gt;&gt; Tesla Tesla Michigan.org. Join us if
you're anywhere near Moskegan. We will
be having a whole bit of fun. Hey. Uh so
so this story is a little uh bonkers. Uh
forget Tesla for retirees. Here are
three valuedriven automotive stalwarts
to buy right now. Now uh we do not offer
financial advice. I don't offer price
targets. I don't care what the stock
will be tomorrow or next month or even
next year. I'm in it for the long haul.
It's all about the 10-year vision in my
book. But what do you think uh 24/7 Wall
Street's going to recommend that that in
that retirees buy instead of Tesla?
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Well, you know, typically in some
situation like this, you might see a
recommendation for somebody like Rivian
&gt;&gt; or Ford. Well, Rivian because it's so
beaten down, you could understand where
there might be possibility there if they
would make a profit ever.
&gt;&gt; And maybe they will. Uh, but I I I
certainly would be waiting to see at
least two quarters of profit before I'd
be interested. I'm not sure it's Rivian.
I have no idea. They could be talking
about some of the Chinese stocks. Uh,
Ford, of course, uh, is also a bit
beaten down, although recently it's had
kind of a nice bump. Uh, anyway, don't
know. I guess you'll have to tell me.
&gt;&gt; So, I had an article four years ago,
almost four years ago, a video called
Lucid Insiders Say the End is near. And
every few months I'll get a comment on
it. And the most recent one was a few
days ago. The guy said, "Oh, I bet you
feel bad about lying, don't you?" I
said, "I that wasn't I mean, it says in
the title and the thumbnail and the
video an in the insiders that I spoke to
were deeply concerned because this was
before the Saudi PIF made it abundantly
clear they were going to be pumping
billions in
&gt;&gt; billions." I said, "So I that was an
unforeseen situation, but I wasn't the
one predicting it. It was the people who
worked there who were deeply concerned.
And if you had invested on the day that
I published that video, you would be
down 97%."
&gt;&gt; Only 97%.
&gt;&gt; So, uh, I don't know what to tell you.
No. So, we've got a quick read. Legacy
automakers are capturing cash flow and
valuation upside while Tesla trades at
373 times trailing price earnings on
promises from robo taxi and optimist
that will contribute zero current
earnings. Analysts okay so it is Tesla's
once again sucking up financial oxygen
with Reddit's Wall Street Bets crowd
posting sentiment scores as high as 88
very bullish on robo taxi optimus and
China deal chatter. So, uh, Reddit has a
subreddit called Wall Street Bets where
they are mostly clowning around and
being silly meme stock pickers, but each
year they also say, "Guys, for real
though, what if we were going to put
together a mutual fund of 10 stocks for
the next year? What would they be?" And
their top 10 generally outperforms the
market by a substantial margin.
&gt;&gt; While they are mostly clowning around,
they do have an eye on the future.
They're younger. So when young people
say I'm bullish on robo taxi, I say I
think you get it.
So on May 19th it closed at 404. Uh so
big big trailing price of earnings.
Number one, General Motors, they're
buying back stock and raising guidance.
Wow. Well, okay. So I gave I gave Mary
her due the other day. I don't often
give Mary her due, but over the last
couple of years, she has given
shareholder value. she has got the stock
moving up again uh that are giving
dividends I think some buybacks also uh
good earnings so yeah it's a little hard
to argue with Mary right now except if
you think at all about the future and on
this channel that's what you call the
channel so I think uh if you think about
the future I think they are dead man
walking and but you know we'll see
&gt;&gt; and that's the thing is I can understand
that a shift back to big old gas Dazzlin
dino burners is profitable over the
short term, but what it means is that
you can't export your cars. Most of the
world isn't going to allow any internal
combustion, let alone woefully
inefficient internal combustion within
the next 5 to 10 years. So, I I would
argue if you have to do buybacks to prop
up your price, maybe you're doing it
wrong. Just my thought. Ford with Ford
Plus plan delivering real cash. They're
doing the same thing. Ford Produced
11.4% margins and grew software
subscriptions 30% year-over-year.
Our strong first quarter results and
raised fullear guidance reflect the
momentum of the Ford Plus plan. I don't
even know what their subscription plan
is.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. So, that would be ditto. what I
said about General Motors, although I
give the Ford CEO fewer props because
they have the worst return problem of
any company
&gt;&gt; ever anywhere. And it's been it's now in
the third year. We're talking about, you
know, if uh Tesla has five returns, they
have 12. I mean, it's
&gt;&gt; Wow.
&gt;&gt; It's the numbers are crazy. And they're
not return for overtheair updates. These
are returns where the cars have to be
brought back into the shop and fixed.
Uh, so no. Uh, too few people understand
that about Ford. And if you can't get
that part right, I don't know what you
do get right.
&gt;&gt; Stalantis is deep value with a
turnaround in motion.
&gt;&gt; Worth call. That's it.
&gt;&gt; Right.
&gt;&gt; The article is no good.
&gt;&gt; No, I will agree that they're making a
U-turn. Uh, they didn't check their
blind spot before they did it. Uh,
Santis is the cigar butt at of the B
bunch at $7.35,
down 32% year-to date, trading at a
price to book of.32.
Uh, here's my problem with Stalantis is
that they've got a US division which is
not empowered to do what they know they
need to do for the market and a European
division that doesn't understand the US
market making the decisions. So when
they said the US wants an EV, they said
we'll do a Charger and a wagon ear. Big
dumb cars. That's what America likes,
right? Big dumb cars. Guys, these are
big and these are dumb, but they're not
what people are actually asking for. The
big dumb is a byproduct of making a car
that has the other features that they
want. And of course, the the one has
been discontinued. And the Wagon Ear S,
I don't know if it's discontinued yet,
but I assure you it is not long for this
world if it hasn't. They do have
compelling EVs in Europe, I guess. Uh,
but you've got to actually start sharing
that back to the US at some point to uh
make it make it work outside of Europe.
Uh, thoughts on Stellantis?
&gt;&gt; Just just what I said. I think that's
the I I think they're the maybe the
worst auto automotive company in the
world right now. I mean, of the of the
top 10. Uh, I mean, you got to remember
Stalantis is in that top 10 in terms of
the number of cars that they produce.
Mainly though, I think because of what
they're doing in Europe, uh, with some
of their smaller divisions that we don't
even that we don't even have in the
United States. When I say smaller
divisions, they're big divisions for
them, small in the overall market. But
anyway, no, I'm not a I'm I am a Dodge
guy. Uh uh my my whole family was we
bought nothing but Plymouth and Dodges
and I even had a used car rental car
business at one point that was all
Dodges and Plymouth. Uh right now sorry
my my old favorite has uh not lived up
to its old standards.
&gt;&gt; No. Uh yeah. And the Fiat 500E is a cute
fun car, but for the money I don't know
who's buying it and the numbers reflect
that. So, we're recording this Monday.
Uh, this is a Tuesday video. Uh, so this
is in the context of Monday. Uh, Invest
seems to be on Trading View. Uh, seems
to be of the opinion that Tesla stock is
sinking over 4% today and they're going
to tell us why. So, this is uh it's in
their view it is because of the
partnership between Unitry and Figure.
Is that
&gt;&gt; I that's it. Yeah. If I'd only known.
&gt;&gt; Oh, no. It's the Yeah. New competition
from Open AI.
&gt;&gt; New competition from AI.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. So, there I mean I guess Sure. Um
if you if you haven't been training your
AI to do robotics, you're starting from
scratch. Again, someone who's been
running on this for some time now. Um in
AI, you can leapfrog a bit. Uh but
analysts remain optimistic on optimists.
Do you think the market knows enough and
cares enough to move the stock 4% in one
day either direction on an announcement
like this? No, I think that this was the
most ridiculous reason given my show on
Monday morning. If people want to go
back and take a look at it, I think I
listed about 10 possible reasons and I
included that reason and then shot it
down with ease because at the most
people say that Tesla that most
investors are not giving any credibility
to optimist. They're not they're not
even figuring it in yet. I'm talking
about institutional and major investors.
Um, and the second part of that would be
that the TAM is so large on Optimus or
on humanoids once they're making a good
production and they're out on the
marketplace and they do valuable work.
Once all that happens, the TAM is so
large that whether Open AI gets in the
business or not is going to be
irrelevant to Tesla. Tesla will be the
largest producer by a lot and my guess
is they'll be making the best vehic.
&gt;&gt; So we are already looking at Tesla
creating the capacity to build a million
with longerterm capacity of 10 million
and it's going to take time to hit those
levels no matter who you are but
especially if you're not Tesla. Tesla
has the ability to get factories built
quickly and nimly. So, I am not
convinced that this is it, but Randy, we
have uh one more story to share because
uh this is very important. And guys, I
know what you're saying. Why aren't you
covering uh SpaceX in this nonsense
roundup? And it's not all nonsense. It's
all perspective. Maybe some of it's
valid, especially to your thesis. It's
because we're going to be covering that
later in the week. Uh so, please uh
subscribe for that. Hit the like button.
In fact, I'll show you just how to do
that. You do it by making the robots and
the pets happy. And yes, some people
have a pet fox in this hypothetical
situation. Is Tesla stock your ticket to
becoming a millionaire? Uh, are you
familiar with Better's Law of Headlines?
It says it.
&gt;&gt; No, I don't.
&gt;&gt; If it ends with a question mark, the
answer is no.
&gt;&gt; Oh, I see.
&gt;&gt; So, that is the con. Um, did Randy
commit uh fraud in, you know, Namibia?
&gt;&gt; No. There's a question mark in it.
Therefore, the answer is no. Because if
they say it, it's indefensible. But if
they ask it, you can defend anything.
&gt;&gt; The EV stock's historical run is
jaw-dropping. Supporting supporting it
does say it supports its current market
cap of $1.4 trillion.
Look in the rearview mirror. It's
impossible not to be impressed by the
meteoric rise. The company shares have
skyrocketed 22,250%
over the last 15 years, meaning 4,500 in
May of 11, which not very many people
got in on. You'd have a million today.
Not bad. Is this EV stock your ticket to
becoming a millionaire? Uh, investors
don't have much to be excited about. Uh,
posted a 16 yearover% year-over-year
gain in automotive revenue during the
first quarter. uh but it was uh 19%
below the total from the same period of
2023 though deliveries up 6% but Tesla
might have produced too many cars as the
inventory rose from historic lows from
unsustainable untenable and unwise lows
to a a soaring number of still less days
of inventory than anyone else. And by
the way, that 23% jump uh probably came
in handy when the oil prices went
higher.
You were able to get inventory.
A lot of things need to fall into place
and it won't be cheap to pursue it. Uh
long story short, no,
you might you might not. Uh yeah. So I
it says in my view, it is not a
millionaire maker opportunity.
What? Says Randy Kirk.
&gt;&gt; So, I'm saying that if I invest $990,000
today,
&gt;&gt; I'm pretty sure I'll become a
millionaire in the next week.
&gt;&gt; All it has to do is go up 1%. Uh so it
all depends on perspective, as it does
with so many things. Uh if you currently
only have $500,000 invested, it has to
double. Of course, most people that I
know think it's going to eight or 10
times in the next at minimum 10 at 10
years, maybe sooner. Um, so if you've
only got 100,000 invested now, you could
become a millionaire if we're right
about the 10x.
&gt;&gt; Um, so yeah, I would say that the
article is and that's, you know, just on
the math of becoming a millionaire based
on what the stock might do in the
future. And then the article is just
completely wrong about what's happening
with Tesla. Um, doesn't talk about
energy. I'll just use that one as an
example. The energy number for the
fourth quarter was only 88 uh 8.8 gawatt
hours. The capacity right now is 17
gawatt hours. So energy is is lumpy. So,
we had a low lump
in uh in the fourth quarter uh I mean
for the first quarter rather and now I
would expect to see a high lump in the
second quarter. And I talked to Grock
about that the other day and Grock says
minimum 16 at one point I'm sorry 16 to
17 which would be keeping us equal to
the low lump but could be 21 22 23 if we
get back some of that low lump and only
use up the new lump. Could be even
higher than that if we go to a high
lump. And I'm not sure what all the
&gt;&gt; if we're still counting uh deployments
from two, three, four, five quarters
ago, which sometimes will happen. Uh so
it's not a question of when it leaves
your loading dock, it's a question of
when it is electrified. There are
milestones along the way and um based on
everything I've been able to find and I
know some people who've said no, no, no,
it it has to do when it arrives at the
site. And uh my research shows that no,
it has to be electrified and paid in
full um electrified or substantially
completed to a point where all you're
waiting for is like the permit uh to
count as deployed. So that is to me
ridiculous. I uh see too many people who
simply do not understand the the mega
pack story, the stationary storage, the
battery energy storage solution story.
It is a big story. There's a lot there
and it is quasi infinite growth on what
we could see this quarter is very high
deployments because the mega packs being
shipped for cortex one and two are
deployed if almost immediately as soon
as they arrive they are put in place
connected I don't know if that means
they're electrified on on day one but
they could very well electrify the
majority of them before the end of this
quarter those would be deployed
deployed. Those would not show his
revenue. They would show his expenses.
So, we might see an artificially low
margin this quarter because they are
deploying hundreds of them. Uh, and
that's that's a lot of juice, man. On
the other side of that one, Brian, I
will I will break news on your channel.
I mean, it's I I've been talking about
it for several days, but nobody is
picking up the ball. But I did have
another conversation with Grock about it
just before we went on the air and that
is Cortex is probably going to be for
sale. So the
&gt;&gt; for rent you mean?
&gt;&gt; For rent. Yes. For rent. Anyway, uh uh
Colossus was announced today. This is
now Monday when we're saying this is
Colossus was mentioned once again in the
S1 filing update that came out Monday
morning. and it said basically, yeah,
they got other deals like the anthropic
deal still sitting in the wings. So,
Colossus is offering rent of what is
more of a typical LLM type of setup, but
in Cortex, we've got a different a very
unique setup, which is real world
training, which nobody has anything like
it. And my guess would be one way or the
other, there's plenty of extra space at
Cortex to rent out. Um, and we'll start
to see some uh rental opportunities for
Tesla as well.
&gt;&gt; Amazon has done very well with their
renting out of cloud compute, not just
for Amazon Web Services, but uh for
storage and distribution, but also for
uh AI compute. Um, Google has done that
as well, but they have a lot more
restrictions on what they'll let you do
with their platform. Uh, so they don't
want you training anything that they
view as a competitor to any of their
products. uh at least that was how it
was explained to me by a Google engineer
two years ago. So, oh guys, uh if you
want to know more about that uh XAI
story, that's something we're going to
be covering later in the week. I have
the slides ready to go, but I'm going to
be heading out to Michigan Wednesday
night. I will not be back until Monday
night. Uh so, uh guys, in the comments,
what do we miss? What do we
misunderstand? Leave it. I beg of you
support the channel. You can subscribe.
You can drop me a buck or two on
Patreon. Who knows, man? Everybody else,
stay tuned. Stay juicy. And I cannot
wait to hear from you clever robots when
I trick Randy into returning once more.