Channel:     futureaza
Title:       Why SpaceX's IPO Drop Doesn't Change The Business
URL:         https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DpAavZjTqhI
Published:   2026-08-04 12:00 UTC
Fetched:     2026-08-04 13:00 UTC

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

I mean, you got 80 billion or more next
year than maybe 120 billion the next
year. You're already talking about, you
know, Nvidia levels. You know, you won't
be up at uh at Walmart levels, but you
will be you'll have way more profit. In
other words, the profit is running 35 or
40% as opposed to, you know, five or 6%.
[music] So, you could be looking at
profits of a some people have predicted
uh Stephen Mark Ryan predicted next
year's profits at 100 billion. Profit,
not revenue, profit.
&gt;&gt; SpaceX is down. Is it a lost cause? Is
there any saving it? Is this just a
normal blip? Uh when is the best time to
buy or sell? I don't know. And I don't
think we're going to tell you, but we
are going to provide some perspective on
what has gone on over the last month or
so or few and figure out uh if it's uh
something important. I've got Randy Kirk
here to help me make sense of it all. Uh
and who knows, maybe he'll do just that.
I'm Brian. Welcome to Futurza.
&gt;&gt; [singing]
[music]
&gt;&gt; So, we're looking at some headlines
here. Down 37%. Does SpaceX or Tesla
stock look attractive today? Hey, if you
loved it at 200, uh, you should love it
even more at 150 or 120 or whatever it
happens to be trading at, but we've got
some downward pressure on it. You know,
if we look at the uh worst performing
stock months of all time, Axios going
with SpaceX is testing market gravity.
Get it, guys?
So, that's biggest month overmonth
market cap losses for any US company
since 1970. Why go back that far?
Doesn't matter because inflation
adjusted alone should tell you that
they're all going to be recent. SpaceX
dwarfs the competition although month
before Microsoft did held the record and
the previous record in January. We've
got some Nvidia, we've got some Tesla
and uh you know and Micron in July. Wow,
that was a did not realize that dip was
that big. So, we've got some downward
pressure.
uh business insider going with what to
watch ahead of the first earnings report
and a huge unlock of company stock. I
will be covering the uh earnings call
live later today because this is
Wednesday. This is Tuesday now. So yeah,
I'll be doing that. SpaceX is heading
for its first big test as a public
company. That's not all. First ever
earnings report will be quickly followed
by the expiration of a lockup period
that could flood the market with stocks.
Randy, can you tell me anything about
the lockup periods? And first, well,
first question is, do you agree that the
lockup expiring can have downward
pressure on the price?
&gt;&gt; Oh, I could. Uh, so if we're going to if
we're going to go all the way to the
lockup as opposed to tomorrow or today's
uh uh you know,
&gt;&gt; well, let's start with today's earnings.
&gt;&gt; All right, let's start let's start with
the whole premise that you just that you
just proposed with all quickly run
through the the stages. So we wouldn't
have had the biggest down day ever if we
didn't also have the biggest up day
ever. So going from a the p 150 on the
opening day of the IPO all the way to
225 or something 220 in a day I think it
was um you know that's just crazy you
know and it's just it just way over at
skis. Uh it might be a fair price but
for it to go up that rapidly is is not
unusual in an IPO. We might remember
some company called Rivian that went to
100 billion in value in like a few days
and then came down to not so much. Um
but now it's come back below which is
normal. You get way over your skis this
way then you end up commonly having this
reaction where it goes lower. Nothing
has changed in the fundamentals. In
fact, if anything fundamentals are
better uh than they were before the IPO.
Um, and so what's going to happen to
today? Let's start with that. I believe
now, you know, I'm an optimist. Let's
put Randy Kirk. Let's put optimist in
parenthesis. Um, but I'm going to give
you an optimistic appraisal. And number
one is I don't believe that the that the
basic owner of SpaceX stock today
understands what's happening with the
data center rentals. B, I don't think
they understand what's happening with
Cursor. See, I don't think they
understand the importance of the steam
engine called SpaceX that is going to
open up the Wild West in the United
States. But the Wild West now will be
the Wild Blue Yonder. That was pretty
good.
&gt;&gt; It's pretty pretty pretty hot stuff.
&gt;&gt; I did that on the fly. Okay. So anyway,
um, uh, so those are three things that I
don't think that the average, not the
average, but a lot of the stockholders
that are new to the game, a lot of the
institutions that are new to the game,
they don't get it. So I think some of
that's going to become clear tomorrow.
Now, the clearer it is, [laughter] and
we know that while Elon I believe is one
of the best communicators of any CEO
ever, sometimes he's not clear during an
earnings call. Okay? He communicates a
lot and he communicates by going on, you
know, uh, various different podcasts and
whatnot. So, there's a massive amount of
communication and a lot of information
that comes out of those communications.
But at at A lot of times at the earnings
call it's not clear. If there's clarity
tomorrow about the unbelievable
potential for the rental of these data
centers if he is clear about how much
GPUs I mean I'm sorry the total number
of gigawatts that he's going to install
in the next 6 months 12 months. if he
talks about Curser, which is not yet a
final, it's not closed, but everybody
expects it to, but how much he expects
Curser to contribute in the third or
fourth quarter and then maybe next year.
And if he kind of just takes a minute to
say, look, Starship isn't just another
rocket. It's not a Falcon 9. It's not
uh, you know, it's it is it is a
groundbreaking
achievement.
similar to opening up the west with the
train with the you know a nationwide
train system and it is you know similar
to pilgrims coming to America I mean
it's it is opening up a new frontier and
we will be able to do manufacturing in
space and data centers in space and go
to the moon and set up manufacturing on
the moon I mean all these things are
being made possible by the starship so
those are the three keys
And if it's done pretty well, I think we
could get back at least 235. Now, by the
way, by now, anybody that's listening
knows that last that on Monday night,
there was a vertic vertical shot at the
last half hour and got it got us all the
way back to 115. I don't know what's
happened on Tuesday morning because
we're shooting this on Monday, but we
did have a vertical, I mean, boom, up at
the very end of the day. So that
suggests that maybe some people are
trying to frontr run what's going to
happen on Tuesday.
&gt;&gt; Okay. So there are the earnings could in
my opinion go either way. They could be
better than expected. They could be
worse than expected and as a result the
stock could move in either direction and
it does. Um I've I love it. In the early
days of Tesla, when we were all
projecting the quarterly production, we
were typically accurate enough that
naysayers would say, "Well, you guys
have inside information," which we don't
because we showed the math and we all
had different math to arrive at largely
the same numbers. But the reality is,
how would that benefit me? If I knew
what tomorrow's numbers were, which
direction would I trade? It's very rare
that the numbers are so clear-cut that
you know which way it's going to move.
That's not It's insane. It's genuinely
insane. But
&gt;&gt; this this is easier than Tesla.
&gt;&gt; The reason it's easier is because most
of the revenue right now is in that data
center rental.
&gt;&gt; It is in X, which is not that big a part
of it. Uh and it is in the Starlink. And
with Starlink, we kind of know what the
cadence has been in terms of putting up
more dishes. We know that they're
earning an average of $44 per dish in in
revenue per month. Uh we know that
there's additional revenue going to
trains, planes, and and uh and now
&gt;&gt; sea and boats at sea. Anyway, so there's
that's again that's going to be a small
piece of it, but something that's not
totally uh uh incapable of being reached
as opposed to Tesla where usually we're
doing a tremendous amount of guessing at
margins and whatnot. So I would say
right now it's easier. We will not make
a profit tomorrow. There's no chance in
the world. Not a topline profit and not
a not an after uh capex or research and
development depreciation amortization.
We'll definitely have a loss there. we
will definitely have a free cash flow
negative. All of that is 100% clear.
What's not clear is whether that will
still be true at the end of the year.
Some people think we'll come very,
including Grock thinks we will come very
close to break even by the end of the
year and make money in 2027.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, but Grock likes to brag. Uh,
that's not true. Hey, what to watch
ahead of the earnings. So, what we're
looking at now, we're talking about the
unlocks.
&gt;&gt; Okay. There are a lot of shares that
that are about to become available. This
one's probably got a better look at it.
There are a lot of uh restrictions that
are about to be lifted. So, let's see
here. Um I've got my notes here. Uh most
other holders are restricted to 180 days
uh after the IPO. So that's the end of
the year, but the first window up to 20%
or maybe 30% on a price trigger on the
second full trading day. So, so August
6th, we could see a lot of a lot of
shares become available. One of the
reasons it's likely that the share price
went so high was because the float was
so small. What was it? Four, five%. It
was a very small float. that number
could double. Uh I don't know how many
shares will become available. And I have
seen people argue, well, these people
have held this long, they're not going
to sell now. Sure they will. Some of
them, at least some percentage. If
you've been at SpaceX for five, six
years and you're sitting on 40x returns,
sell off 10% of it. You know, get
wealthy on just that 10%. Uh, so that
first round of locked up shares being
able to be sold, do we expect downward
pressure from that?
&gt;&gt; Okay, I'm going to give you four pieces
to this story.
&gt;&gt; Oh boy, I'm ready.
&gt;&gt; Okay, number one, yes. what you just
said could be true that uh whether it's
the institutions that might be holding
too large of a percentage of their
portfolio uh in one stock and so they
want to lighten up a little bit whether
it might be uh retail shareholders that
have
&gt;&gt; made money I mean I'm talking about
those that have owned it for years
whether it is the employees who have
owned it for years any one of those can
say I want to lighten up even if even if
I'm not happy with the price right now
even if I think It's going to go higher.
I still have way too much SpaceX. I'd
rather pull it out and put it over
Tesla, which will make Tesla go up.
Anyway, [laughter] that's another
option.
&gt;&gt; Sure.
&gt;&gt; Or something else. Yes.
&gt;&gt; Depends on the investor. Different
people invest in different things.
&gt;&gt; Or buy grandma grand buy grandma a
house. There's all those possibilities.
Now, so that that means that that kind
of activity if there's not enough people
to absorb it and this is where Larry
Goldberg comes in. And he says, "Look,
the fundamentals are still the
fundamentals and there's plenty of
money. There's plenty of money in the
market. So if people don't look at it
and go, well, this is too cheap. It
won't really matter how many people sell
because there'll be plenty of people to
buy if it's too cheap." Now, does that
mean it might not go to 99 or 75? I
don't know. But at least the
fundamentals don't change in terms of
what Morgan Stanley and and JP Morgan
and others and Brandy Kirk and Brian
Wong who've done the numbers and done us
done it deeply believe is going to go
from a 20 billion dollar company last
year under 20 to a 40 billion or more
company by the end of this year to an 80
billion company by the end of next year.
And that's not just Randy and Bryant. I
mean, we're talking about lots and lots
and lots of analysts who have done
40-year or 20-year studies of the future
of SpaceX. All believe is going to 80
billion next year. Well, then there's
that's information's been out there.
That's they're out there with 30 out of
32 of the people who are now following
SpaceX saying that the average the
average among them is $225 a share. So
all that information is out there even
if people don't do their own work to
where there's a number where everybody
like okay I want in I want if it's that
low I'm going I'm coming in.
&gt;&gt; So that's that's the the play. There's
the shorts they're going to be in there.
There's the longs they're going to be
fighting the other way. So you got this
battle taking place. Uh but uh where it
where it ends up on Friday that's one
only one. I'm sorry. I know you have a
normally not an hour show, but I could
probably go an hour just on this
subject, but there's three more things.
&gt;&gt; Okay. I did just want to say real quick
though that the analysts, the 30 out out
of 32, um, mostly we ridicule the
analysts for not getting it. So now
we're praising them because they agree
with you. I don't know. I'm just
throwing that out there.
&gt;&gt; I actually have more respect for the
analysts than most of my most of my
co-hosts and whatnot. I I if they do the
work and some of these really um then I
I think I think Jonas for instance, Adam
Jonas really does the work
&gt;&gt; and he's at 250
a share or something like that. Okay.
Anyway, 300. He's at 300 a share. So, um
All right. Next thing is the shorts.
So, it's heavily shorted. I think 30%
shorts. So, as we go into Thursday, the
shorts are going to be watching. And if
it drops, then they're g at certain
point they're going to be like, "This
sounds like I've made enough money."
Just like anybody else, you make you get
to that same level in when you're
shorting that you do when you're long.
So they're going to say, "Oh, I've made
enough. I I'm going to uh I'm going to
close this contract." And so that of
course makes the stock go up. Now, there
could be people that pile in on the
shorts. You never know. But if there is
an upward tick, if we go like we did
today with a fivepoint move in like a
half an hour and the shorts see that
happening, some of them are going to
start to bail. You could get into a
short squeeze and then all of a sudden
the stock goes up back to 150, 160. Who
knows? Because of the short squeeze. So
these are all within the realm of
possibility. Um I think I don't know
that we'll have a short squeeze, but we
could. Now, last most important thing,
maybe the most important thing. All
those people that are getting unlocked
who may want to buy a house for granny
and they just they want to they want to
trim my 10% just like you said. Well,
they don't all do it on Thursday.
&gt;&gt; No.
&gt;&gt; Okay.
&gt;&gt; Well, that's the thing is
&gt;&gt; they might be 1% on Thursday and 1% on
Friday and 2% on Monday, you know. So,
it's going to take a week for everybody
to figure out just how many people got
out of the stock. And then the last one,
which is a small piece of it, is if I'm
a longtime shareholder. I was in I was
in when it was private, I am an
employee. So, I know the business
backwards and forwards.
&gt;&gt; Just for viewers who don't know, Ry's
not saying that he is an employee or
&gt;&gt; or that I owned it properly. Right.
&gt;&gt; Right. But for those who own ear owned
it owned it privately, they know a lot
more about the company than the rest of
the world. For those who have been
employees, they know a lot more about
the company. Any of them that get out of
the stock at 115 or lower to me should
be fired because they're too stupid to
work there. [laughter]
&gt;&gt; Except if they do have, you know, 30 to
40x gains. uh you know there there are
reasons people
&gt;&gt; getting out when getting out when it's
got the potential to double in a year
it's fantastic. So, what I'm seeing is
unlocks going through December in waves,
not all at once. A little bit here, a
little bit there. Different people,
different investors, different employees
being able to sell at various points.
And this is a very big company. This is
a very big market cap. Uh, it will be
interesting to see how much downward
pressure is exerted because I suspect
it's a fair amount. Um, and some of
those employees because when Meta went
public, there was a lot of pent up uh
demand to sell. There were employees
who'd been there forever, couldn't move
their shares. IPO hit as soon as they
could. They they took something. Some of
them may have taken all and the share
price went below IPO and stayed there
for quite some time. as opposed to
Google which when it went public just
went up and just kind of stayed up
forever. Uh just different companies,
different you know different everything.
&gt;&gt; There's another aspect which I told you
there was four. So the fourth one was
all of those employees
almost all of the private owners have
had multiple opportunities to get out. I
believe the most recent one was only six
months ago. They could have sh sold
their shares with massive gains. I mean,
we're talking
&gt;&gt; but nowhere close to these gains.
&gt;&gt; No, but still massive gain. And so if
they buy grandma, if they wanted to buy
a house for grandma, they could have
done it six months ago and they didn't.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. But this is selling at 100 is
still way better than selling six months
ago. They wouldn't, no sane person would
give that up. Uh, and if the stock had
continued to climb, who knows? Who knows
what they would have done? Would they be
more likely or less likely to sell?
&gt;&gt; Depends on the person, I suppose, right?
Yeah, exactly.
&gt;&gt; Uh there are uh some other
considerations which I will share. But
first I got to mention that we have
extended our special two for one. You
can subscribe to both of our channels
and uh I know about half of you watching
this are not subscribed to me. I don't
know the percentage for Ry's channel.
Please subscribe. Uh it makes a ton of
difference. So on SpaceX, do you think
that there will be employees saying,
"Look, I know it's going to fall some
more because of all the unlocks and I
know the sentiment among co-workers who
want to take some some cash now and I'll
buy back in." If we see a dip, let's say
a dip all the way to 100. I've seen
cynical viewers who leave silly,
obnoxious, unprofessional comments all
the time who have said
I buy it at 75. It's like, will you?
Because you may have that opportunity.
And there are floors where resistance
levels where where when it gets to a
certain price point, you know, if it got
to $6942,
it would it would rebound because people
would buy it at that price for the
memes. Uh
if we see that, if we see a clear
bottom, those people who trimmed but
didn't spend it or allocate it elsewhere
may see that as their sign to jump back
in. Is it possible that when it hits
that bottom, a bottom we will only be
able to identify well after it happened,
that we would see a sharper than average
return to higher levels?
&gt;&gt; Well, yeah. Again, when you get
something oversold badly, then you tend
to have this V-shaped situation because
then you've got momentum going the other
direction once it starts. Um, and and as
interesting as it is to contemplate all
these ups and downs and ways, and I do
this every day on my channel. Um, so you
know, we want, oh, why did it go up
today? Why did it go down tomorrow? The
reality is is that that we all want to
keep in our mind is the fundamentals of
the company which will always play out
at some point. So you take Tesla, let's
say the fundamentals would put Tesla at
being worth right now um 350, okay, and
it went down to 298 and then it's going
to go back up to 450 or 498, but the
fundamentals didn't change. So it was
worth the same amount. Well, that's the
same situation we've got with SpaceX.
But in this particular case, you've got
really smart people that think that
Tesla, I mean, that SpaceX will be the
first 10 trillion dollar company. Um,
and and it's not without reason. If you
start going into the details, I mean,
you got 80 billion or more next year,
then maybe 120 billion the next year.
You're already talking about, you know,
Nvidia levels. you know, you won't be up
at uh at Walmart levels, but you will be
you'll have way more profit. In other
words, the profit is around 35 or 40% as
opposed to, you know, five or six%. So,
you could be looking at profits of a of
uh some people have predicted uh Stephen
Mark Ryan predicted next year's profits
at 100 billion. Profit, not revenue,
profit.
&gt;&gt; I've seen enough of his predictions from
back in the day to uh to not not watch
any more of them. The uh fun thing is no
one knows. No one knows. Uh maybe
computational leasing uh is going to be
100 billion by itself. Maybe it's going
to be zero. Uh I don't think either of
those numbers are likely, but I would
say the higher one is more likely than
the lower one. I will point out again,
we're not telling you what to buy, when
to buy it, because I think we've made
abundantly clear, we do not predict the
future. I do have sometimes people on
the channel saying, "Oh, you're the one
who told me it was going to go to 600 or
900 or whatever." And I said, "I am not
I am not I do not do that. I do not
predict future stock prices."
&gt;&gt; You may have. You may have for sure, but
uh I push back on it regardless of which
direction you say it's going and when
because there's an underlying
set of information that led you to that
conclusion. And that's what I want the
viewers to explore on their own. That is
their homework. Um, this isn't band
practice. This is more like rehearsal.
We're actually getting ready to do the
thing. So, what we're talking about is
no one can predict the future. Um, I
will say that uh I do have confidences
myself in certain things. And if a
viewer's big hangup is the man himself,
uh, I would ask you to try and meet some
current Tesla or SpaceX employees,
Neurolink, Boring Company, doesn't
matter. And talk to them. Get to know
them. Not former employees, not
disgraced and fired employees, not
employees who burnt out, but people who
actually work there today. when peak
hate was was ongoing and it wasn't quite
peak hate yet, but it was getting close
to it. I kept seeing reports that morale
is at an all-time low. So, I started
calling up the people I know who work
there and asking them. They're like,
"What are you talking about? First of
all, we never talk about the guy. We're
too busy doing our job." And the
sentiment is either unchanged or, you
know, about I mean, it's about the same.
I don't know what to tell you. There are
some people who would disagree in one
direction or the other, but it doesn't
matter. It's his real talent isn't
designing a spaceship because he didn't
design the spaceship. It's about
attracting the most talented and
ambitious people to work on a project
that allows them to the rise to rise to
the highest level of their natural
talent.
That's it. So guys, what do we miss?
What do we misunderstand? I don't know.
We've already gone too long. Leave it.
Enter that in the comments below.
Everyone else, you know, like,
subscribe, leave a comment, perhaps even
a civil one. And everyone else, stay
tuned. Stay juicy. And I cannot wait to
hear from you clever robots after the
earnings later today. I'll be live
streaming it. checking out.