Channel:     cernbasher
Title:       The Biggest AI Companies Can't Escape SpaceX
URL:         https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MdpqJISJyoY
Published:   2026-06-04 17:11 UTC
Fetched:     2026-06-04 18:00 UTC

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Every single person in that capex chart
has to come to SpaceX to get its
business done. We are absolutely
categorically slamming into a compute
demand curve supply gap. We are in a
weird world people. Orbital data centers
are absolutely required because we can't
get enough compute on planet Earth. And
for the first time, I'm programming in a
new programming language. I have spent
30 something years getting to a point
where I can build this app on my own.
Starlink is going to revolutionize the
way we think about access to compute.
We're about to transition into what will
be an explosion of these things.
Unsupervised robo taxis are operating on
the highways. People are not ready for
that from a market perspective. How far
we are away in terms of being able to
give the car instructions like that.
Hey, Phil. How are you doing? Doing
well. It's been two weeks. What's What's
going on? It's two weeks. June already.
My gosh. I hear you've been busy.
&gt;&gt; I've been busy. What's coming up in a
couple of days?
&gt;&gt; Yeah, exactly. Well, you've also been
working on something fun that we're
going to actually do a live demo of.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, we'll see how live demo goes.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, exactly. So, that should be fun.
But before we get there, just we'll
cover a couple of items and then we'll
we'll go into that. Um that'll be
something different, I think. You know,
obviously we're going to talk a little
bit about Tesla and SpaceX. And today I
decided to uh swap the shirts. I put the
SpaceX shirt on.
&gt;&gt; I gave you the the lowly Tesla shirt.
I'm sorry.
&gt;&gt; You mean the I've got the
terrestrialbased shirt.
&gt;&gt; Yes.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; I feel that with my lack of hair that
maybe the space theme is better for me.
&gt;&gt; It's true. Maybe.
Although I do have my Starlink shirt on,
so I just want to point that out. You
do. You made up for it in real life.
However, on the other hand, loving my
Tesla FSD recently trying to build a
streak.
&gt;&gt; How many How many miles are you up to?
&gt;&gt; I only got up to I was busy with stuff.
I only got up to 20.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. So, I've downloaded it. I have not
had a chance to check it out yet. That's
how busy I've been. No, there's no
reason to drive anywhere.
&gt;&gt; Was telling my wife this morning, why
don't you take, she had to go up to the
city, which is give or take 60 mi from
South San Jose where I live and why
don't you take the Tesla, build a new
streak. She's like, you're nuts. Like,
like she loves the Tesla, but I mean,
you know, just fabricating a reason.
&gt;&gt; That's right.
&gt;&gt; Well, we we have some news. I think we
do. Yeah.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Um, so Ashok says unsupervised
robo taxi now available in the greater
Austin area.
Um, and so as you said, Robbo taxi the
way it was intended starts earnest today
in Austin.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. I mean, I think I was maybe
overselling it, but
I mean, what what's going on here is
that
we're about to transition into what will
be an explosion of these things, you
know, and it's going to hit everybody
like a ton of bricks because we're
almost rounding a year on the on their
start. And I think
uh I think people have written it off
like oh you know it's never going to
happen. No [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] it's going to happen
man. I mean it's going to happen. I mean
I how do I know that? Well driving in my
Tesla today 1433.
I mean honestly problem solved folks.
You know I mean it I don't even bother
looking at the road much at all. I trust
the thing very much so. Um and you know
I think it's just a
uh we've talked about this before. I
think if we break the class of problem
into safety and operational
&gt;&gt; I think safety box is largely checked. I
mean not completely checked but you know
uh but where we are probably is in the
operational
you know weeds because this is where
it's very very difficult to make this
device completely robotically able to
figure out exactly where to pick up drop
off navigate correctly situationally
when there's really nobody to supervise
you know I mean in our cars we do a lot
more
supervision than we think to be honest
because we kind of like when we start
the route we're like h we pick a
different route. We you know we do
things that we're not aware of that
we're we're supervising the ride. Now
you get yourself in a robo taxi as a
customer
it's got to operate very smoothly.
There's also a lot of things too I find
as a as a passenger or even as a
supervisor with FSD there's a lot of
preference items
that I drive in a certain way rightly or
wrongly
&gt;&gt; right
&gt;&gt; behave in a certain way and that's what
I prefer but you know that's not
necessarily the best way to do it that's
just my preferred way right or wrong
&gt;&gt; right and it wouldn't to yeah I mean
it's while roboaxi I think is dialed in
to standard mode if I'm correct I um
you know operationally like because we
have hurry above that above standard we
have hurry and Mad Max
and
it's funny because I think I've always
been a fairly aggressive driver always
had performance cars but sometimes Mad
Max is too much
I mean I was taking a mountain road
yesterday testing this app will show and
looking for areas that have in South San
Jose that have no connectivity. And
believe me, there are areas. We think
we're in the heart of Silicon Valley. I
am, but back on Metcaf Road, there isn't
a lot. And um I had it in Mad Max mode,
and I was like, "No, no, no. I think we
better think we better bring it down."
And and honestly, I don't really pay
attention to it. I trust it very much. I
really do.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Yeah. And all of a sudden, I had a
very hard break situation
and I was looking down at the app to be
fair and it was on a curve and I'm like,
"What happened here?" And I looked up
and what what did I see? A bird had come
across uh my path. And you know, it's a
funny one because Oh, and it did a also
a fairly hard break for a snake on the
road. Well, which I thought was
interesting, but the bird one was a
little interesting because, you know,
the vehicle isn't really going to hit
the bird, right? It's just it just all
of a sudden stuns the um you know, so
they probably got it tuned out a little
bit. But but I'm telling you, it's so
darn good. But you are right. There are
this the you know the I think the the in
invehicle robo taxi experience will
really really be nailed once they
get that full Grock voice experience
integrated because then you'll be able
to the customer will be able to say hey
could you you know instead of can you
get off the highway here you know I
don't I you know they think look they're
the one paying they think there's
traffic jam ahead. Maybe there isn't. Uh
maybe it's a two-minute delay and they
want to go off the highway and take a
five minute delay, but so they're the
customer, so let them decide, you know,
or that classic thing when you're
talking, you know, think about all the
times you talk to the Uber driver. I
mean, beyond small talk, forced or
unforced, talking about directional
stuff.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; You're like, could you drop me off at,
&gt;&gt; you know, don't door six, United? Nah,
go to door nine. Um,
you know, or my house isn't here. It's
three more, you know, 300 ft, whatever.
So, yeah, there's a lot to do there, but
I This is really
We're getting so darn close, aren't we?
&gt;&gt; I think so. Any idea on how far we are
away in terms of being able to give the
car instructions like that? This is a
really interesting topic because what I
don't know about
voice integration
is how much processing power that needs.
So right now if you're using grock in
the vehicle
all you're doing is remoting that to the
cloud. So all the Grock inference,
the voice recognition outside
basic wake word stuff,
voice recognition,
the AI itself and the
you know basically the the speech to
text which becomes the prompt.
&gt;&gt; Mhm. the playing of that prompt through
the AI and then the text back to speech,
you know, when Rex talks to you in the
car or whatever, all that is being done
in the cloud. And you can't really do
that reliably
for a robo taxi service because you
don't necessarily have connectivity at
all times. So, you couldn't rely on it.
&gt;&gt; So, you have to basically
&gt;&gt; move a subset of that total package
um into vehicle. And then the question
becomes if you're going to do that how
much processing power do you need in
vehicle because what they can't do is
they can't suffer any cycles on the FSD
to run this. You know imagine
voice is heavy voice recognition is
heavy or something. They can't dial down
their 36 frames a second or whatever. So
it may be that the answer to your
question is that integration doesn't
happen until robo taxi vehicles whether
they're cyber cabs or um you know model
wise get AI5 chip.
&gt;&gt; That would be the moment for sure where
the hardware is capable. Is that right?
There's no you have no issues with
limitation.
&gt;&gt; No no I think no I think the hardware is
fully capable at that time.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; But until that time I I I have
questions. If you were to give it odds
that it would be capable on AI4, what
what odds would you give it?
&gt;&gt; 20%.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Because I just feel like job
number one is to service compute cycles
for the FSD.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; And
slipping that in
um is a tricky act. And um but I don't
know. Like I don't know. I just that's
why I'm I'm glad you said give me odds
because
&gt;&gt; it's as if you know I don't know what
you know what whether it's going to be
red or black at the casino. So
&gt;&gt; yeah,
&gt;&gt; I know what the odds could be. So yeah,
that's what I guess.
&gt;&gt; I just wanted to know whether I should
set my expectations high or low, but I
think you've helped me
calibrate that.
&gt;&gt; I would go low because
&gt;&gt; yeah,
&gt;&gt; unless it's a very tough thing. I mean,
I've been at these decision points in
engineering as well. It's like,
do I rely on the cloud? Do I not rely on
the cloud? You know, if you if you map
that entire green space there,
my guess is you could rely on the cloud
for the entire entirety of that green
space. But if you go outside that green
space between say Austin and San Antonio
or
uh somewhere else, you know, I mean the
good news is that maybe they would say
okay cloud-based
uh cloud-based system is a good first
run at this and could provide some kind
of fail back, you know, fail like sorry
um you know service the voice service
isn't available at this moment.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Um
I mean that's possible if you consider
dense city locations. I think that's you
know I feel sorry for the person that
lives in this little area indentation
here on the left side looks like a
little ear.
&gt;&gt; Uh everybody almost around around him
has uh access to the service and this
one doesn't yet.
&gt;&gt; Do you know what's there?
&gt;&gt; I don't. I I should research that and
find out.
&gt;&gt; I mean there's a reason.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. It might be some geographic thing.
I'm not I'm not sure exactly.
&gt;&gt; I suspect that every single every single
route, every single mile of highway or
street in that green
uh what are you going to call it?
Polygon. I don't know what it what this
is. Uh in the green shaped object uh has
been run over run over by Tesla
autonomous systems.
many times I would think so.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. I think as I've said in previous
podcasts
that what I think they do through that
whole validation step and what they do
actually through the operational
portions of this is that they're
collecting this data here and they can
they can run down you know they can
easily traverse they can build a
traversal system
&gt;&gt; that traverses every single
segment of roadway, highway, city, every
possible or intersection ction decision
point. So take fifth, turn left at at
you know Main Street, take fifth, turn
right at Main Street, take fifth, go
straight at I think they can traverse
all that hundreds of times and good get
a good sense. Now what they won't get a
good sense of is, you know,
situationally things are different. One
day it's raining, another time they're
doing at night, another time there's a
person walking through the intersection
uh illegally. Um, you know, another time
there's a puddle, another time there's a
duck in the road, you know. So,
&gt;&gt; uh, but from a a graph of the roadway
itself and its configuration
uh, beyond say construction changes, I
think they probably have it covered.
&gt;&gt; The other thing they have to be worried
about is Whimos that are in the wrong
spot.
That's a whole another issue. Um the one
thing we did hear today, Phil, on this
is that the unsupervised robo taxis are
operating on the highways within this
geoenced area.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Yeah. It's funny because I think
the Tesla's always worried about that
because it's it's the speed that's the
problem here. It's really, you know,
they worry that a highway collision is
much greater chance of it being a um,
you know, a serious injury or fatality
than
&gt;&gt; it's much higher consequence for sure
than just a
&gt;&gt; vendor. Yeah. But it's but it's ironic
too because in many ways on a major
highway divided highway you know three
lanes this way
um with FSD it seems to me that the
incident rate of those types of things
would be fairly low.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. I actually feel more confident in
the car when it is on the highway.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, I know. That's what that's kind of
what I meant by it's sort of ironic
because
&gt;&gt; you know if you use speed as the tell
I'm sure they have the data.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Like the other side of this is
that you don't need to go and look at a
bunch of
&gt;&gt; let me put this way Tesla never needs to
go look at a big box of you know
national transportation safety board
data
&gt;&gt; right
&gt;&gt; they've got the data on their own so
that the decisions to them are real
decisions not based on
&gt;&gt; some
box of data that they don't know where
it came from don't know how to trust it
don't know you know the entire uh
providence of the data and conclusion in
the data they they can derive that from
literally ground miles right into data
center. So
&gt;&gt; well speaking about um you know real
world uh decisions uh we have uh the
whole stock market apparently cashing
out to get ready for the SpaceX IPO.
Uh so according to this account crypto
rover uh 200 billion has been wiped out
from the US stock market in just 10
minutes after the market open. Um, so,
uh, that's obviously, uh, humorous. I
don't believe this is the case. Uh, this
is also an article, uh, from, uh, I
think it was Market Watch. Uh, the title
says, "Looking to buy into the SpaceX
IPO." This scary chart might make you
think twice. And of course, there's a
clickbait title for you. Um, and it's
not even a chart. It's actually just a
table. Is a table. A chart technically,
Phil,
&gt;&gt; I don't think so. Yeah. So they they
made a mistake on their title there
probably intentionally because if they
said scary table that probably wouldn't
have
&gt;&gt; gotten too many
&gt;&gt; honestly a picture would be worth a
thousand data points on the chart. So
why wouldn't they produce the table?
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; I mean the the chart.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Anyway, anyway, so what we have
here is a list of companies that came
public along with where their stock uh
was on a percentage basis, one week
after the IPO, 1 month, 3 months, 6
months, 12 months, and then on the far
right side is the one-year maximum draw
down. And so draw down measures the
decline from a peak to a trough. So it's
possible for example for a company to
IPO at a certain price go up 100%
doubles and then the stock to drop 50%
from there back to the IPO price. So the
draw down sometimes the numbers can seem
kind of crazy but it just may mean that
it's coming coming back from a you know
a really big really big peak. Um the
first example here is Facebook. Uh they
were the stock was down 17% after the
first week after the IPO.
After the first month it was down 18%.
And after 3 months it was down 45%.
6 months down 42 and 12 months down 31.
So if you bought Facebook at the IPO,
you weren't a very happy camper for at
least the first 12 months.
&gt;&gt; I did that.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; I literally did that. Yeah.
&gt;&gt; You look at Twitter uh it did nothing
for the first month apparently net. Um
and after 12 months
&gt;&gt; So in other words, it was the star
performer.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Exactly. relatively speaking on
this chart. Uh still down 58% from peak
to trough though during that 12-month
period.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; Um
you know you can see there's a few
others there. Uh on this page you know
maybe Zoom is an interesting one. Um one
month after the IPO was up 45% 3 months
is up 54% 12 months later it's up 142%.
But there was a 40% draw down during
that first year.
Do you have any idea when it hit that
142%. Do you have any idea what that
date might have been?
&gt;&gt; Uh, well the 142% is one year after the
IPO.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Do we know when the IPO was?
&gt;&gt; I don't recall exactly.
&gt;&gt; Feels like that was in the middle of CO.
&gt;&gt; Could have been.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; Yep. Uh Uber kind of had a tough time
too uh 12 months after its IPO. It was
down 21%.
&gt;&gt; Mhm.
&gt;&gt; Um and then we have another page and I
apologize on the next page. we we lose
our our headers, but just remember that
it's the one week, 1 month, 3 months, 6
months, and 12 months are the are the
columns here. Um, so if you look at
Palanteer, for example, uh kind of a
slow start off the IPO, uh, but 3 months
into it, it's up 164%.
And a year into it, it's up 153%. But
again, there was a 53% draw down during
that time period.
And that seems pretty common. the the
average draw down is about 55% for this
list.
&gt;&gt; Yeah,
&gt;&gt; the average one-year return was only 14.
Uh and the average one week return after
the IPO is like 4%.
&gt;&gt; When we finish this call, I'm going to
take this run it through an AI and ask
to give me a chart, a real chart.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; Of what it looks like two years out and
three years out.
&gt;&gt; Well, and that's ultimately what
matters, isn't it? Yeah, because it is
what matters. I mean,
&gt;&gt; yeah,
&gt;&gt; not everybody here would would be a
winner. My my favorite friend here would
be Rivian. Know a lot about that stock.
Um, but a heck of a lot of them would be
big- time winners if you look out 1,
three, five years. And it's it's
interesting too, Phil. Robin Hood and
Rivian here had pretty similar pathways.
It looks like they strong IPO period
&gt;&gt; um and then tailed off.
Look, you know, I think I think for me
looking at this
outside the negativity,
I don't know, I'd say purposeful
negativity of the headline to be cynical
about it. I I think that most people are
looking at us and saying, "When do I buy
SpaceX?" If you're being I mean, if
we're just going to write get to the
punch line, when do I buy SpaceX? Do I
believe because we've talked about this.
I believe in SpaceX as the 5year and
10ear plan. I think it's going to be
insane, right? But I don't know what
it's going to look like if if I get this
IPO allocation and I get in on that on
day one. Uh, is it going to come 50% off
of that and go on sale for me? And I
think every single person is is is
attempting to um to guess that, you
know, and I I don't know what, you know,
you're a financial guy. you not trying
to give financial advice but uh when
people ask me I say if you can get a
little at the IPO that's sort of a hedge
or a bet on things going exceedingly
well or wrong from another perspective
&gt;&gt; and then you know your first year is
probably a good year and maybe
around earnings
and I think the one thing about SpaceX
that might be shocking and I don't mean
this in a way that I have any hope or
wish for. I'm just saying it. So, we
watched the um Bezos uh the Blue Origin
explosion during a I think was just like
a dry run. We're going to see stuff like
that with SpaceX. You know, I just don't
know when. I mean, you think about it as
a negative headline from a Tesla might
be, oh, this Tesla car crashed, you
know, massive fatality,
a car is crushed into oblivion, or this
car battery fire, you know, melted a
little segment of Highway 101 in
California. But a rocket blowing up is a
much bigger uh kinetic event. And um and
I'm sure that
people are not ready for that from a
market perspective. And
&gt;&gt; I hate to say it, but some incident like
that will be probably your best on sale
day.
Uh of course I never wish for it. I'm
just saying, you know.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, it that that certainly could be an
impetus, I think, for some kind of
downturn. The other thing I think that
comes to mind for me is going from a
private company where you can kind of
set your own valuations and you can just
have this nice stair step,
&gt;&gt; right?
&gt;&gt; It's suddenly very different in public
market where you're at the whim and the
mercy of everything.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; And to me, you know, with what SpaceX is
developing with Starship, that's on its
own development timeline and hopefully,
you know, that's sooner rather than
later, but you never know, there
couldn't be delays and it's kind of what
Tesla investors have been waiting for
with Roboaxi in that regard. And then of
course people have likened sort of
optimist development with the orbital
data center opportunity
&gt;&gt; right
&gt;&gt; it's a little bit longer term optimist
is still in development orbital data
centers has a few things to work out
confident they will in time but the
timelines can get stretched
and as we've seen with roboaxi people
lose faith even though every day that
goes by we're we're one day closer to
the eventual you know scaling of robo
taxi
&gt;&gt; there's a bit of irony there right
&gt;&gt; yeah From a risk adverse point of view,
each day
it gets closer to having value. And yet
the human mind says more time that's
gone by from the start of it. I mean,
you have to you have to analyze why you
think the start is what it is. And from
my perspective is it's about them making
steady incremental improvement. So risk
comes off as you move forward. That's
right. Other people would look at it and
say, "No, I'm sorry. this time between
when they started and now is an
indicator that they can't get there. I I
mean, in some people's mind, um the
weird thing about these things is they
tend to happen all at once. You know,
it's like my perspective on it is, you
know, quite clear. It's they're
converging and they're not going
to drop, you know, not going to hit that
scale button until they converge on a on
a happy place for them. But when they
do, the market's going to look backwards
and go, I mean, individuals will look
backwards, just look at it, and they'll
say to themselves,
"Oh, I thought, h, damn it." And it
feels like you're just the bag holder
between then and but you don't know when
that's going to happen.
&gt;&gt; No.
&gt;&gt; And I think SpaceX is I I think we feel
the same thing with Optimus because
Tesla previewed Optimus early.
Um, in a sense we understand the SpaceX
galactic plan. You know, I've written on
it. We've talked about it. We talked
about compute demand. I mean, beyond
Starlink, we talked about the the
compute side of orbital compute side of
it. And I guarantee that's going to
stretch out longer than people
have,
you know, uh, comfort for. So, I think
you're going to have sort of some lazy
summer days in the middle here where
we're going to feel like let's go to the
beach and forget about SpaceX. But then
it'll creep up on you and all of a
sudden, you know, I mean, look at look
at look at Starlink. It's a really good
example of that. You know, one of the
ways to think about this is plot the um
I've seen this too. you know, plot the
the number of Starlink satellites that
were put in orbit during those early
days when you saw
minuscule amount of those things.
Did you say to yourself, "Oh my god,
this is going to be a big business." No,
you probably said or many people said,
"I don't know what they're fancing with
over there. I don't know what this stuff
is all about." Yeah.
&gt;&gt; And and for that one, Starlink is
interesting in a weird different dynamic
is yeah, it too has to get to some it
has to get to critical mass. You know,
Starlink is very particular. It has to
get to certain critical mass where it
has coverage because of the of the way
it works.
&gt;&gt; Um orbital data centers actually don't
need as much of that critical mass to
start computing. In other words, one
satellite can start computing. You don't
need um you don't need a constellation
of them.
uh you might need a lot of them to get
to that economic cross point of
viability.
&gt;&gt; Sure.
&gt;&gt; But not from a you know in use like when
Starlink had 100 satellites you know it
looked like a it looked like what it was
which was nothing more than a experiment
and a beta program.
&gt;&gt; Uh and then all of a sudden now it's got
10,000 growing to you know who knows I
mean it'll it'll it's going to explode.
uh and already is. Um
I mean I think you know I said in a post
last week that I think
United is doing great by the way rolling
out their Starlink but I think that more
Starlink satellites go in orbit per week
than planes get outfitted to use
Starlink and United per week. Um tells
you a little bit about I mean one looks
harder than the other in my opinion.
&gt;&gt; That's right. Exactly. But um
&gt;&gt; one's putting something into space, the
other one's not.
&gt;&gt; Yeah,
&gt;&gt; that's a good point.
&gt;&gt; By the way, good on them though. I mean
that United should be um you know, I
mean, compared to Delta, right?
&gt;&gt; They must have one magic screwdriver
that they have to use. And
&gt;&gt; I know Yeah,
&gt;&gt; they're limited.
&gt;&gt; Well, I you know, I can tell you a
little bit about their workforce if you
want me to. Uh what what the ground
workforce looks like.
Well, let's let's not delay any any
further. We've teased a a demo
&gt;&gt; and so let's let's go there. Um I
understand you've built something pretty
amazing.
&gt;&gt; This is going to be wild. Uh and we'll
see, you know, um please uh call an
audible when it gets uh if it if it
doesn't continue to entertain. Uh but uh
so let me uh do what I told you do,
which is get set up for us to talk.
&gt;&gt; Yep. Now you can show my screen and let
me know when you do see the screen
please.
&gt;&gt; Yes, it is ready to go. Okay. Um
well so uh I built an app folks and I
call it NetP and I call it NetP for no
good reason. Um because maybe my name is
Phil and it's all about networking. And
uh just to kind of give you a little bit
of background here uh and motivation for
why I did this. Um, well, first off, I
love networking. I've been involved in
networking side of of computer science
my literally my entire career. Most
people think of me as the Rivian guy,
but when I worked at Apple, two tours of
duty, I did a lot of networking stuff. I
built network stacks. I I've written TCP
stacks from the ground up. Um, so I love
love love networking. And um, so that's
one thing. And I've always wanted to
write this little this this geeky app
and uh the motivation of the app was
really simple. It's like I got my iPhone
sitting in front of me. Am I connected
to the internet? Yes or no? Now you
might think well normally is no no you
know you always end up with that I'm on
a plane. Am I connected to the internet?
Am I getting any data through? You know
what's it look like? Mhm. Um, so I
always wanted that app and uh
and I wanted to do something else like I
said I keep talking a lot about AI.
It might be a really good idea if I use
it.
You know, like I shouldn't speak about
something without a lot of good direct
knowledge. And um I feel like I've
stretched that a little bit with with my
knowledge on AI. So I got really
deep and I built this app. And uh so I'm
going to demo it to you. And the way I'm
going to do it is I'm going to demo it
on my phone. Uh it's actually running.
So, if you look at the screen to the
right, it's running in a uh
it probably looks like an iPad on my
screen, but really what it is is a
Macintosh Mac application, and it just
so happens to be on Apple Silicon. Now,
you can uh distribute
uh made for Mac iOS apps.
&gt;&gt; Mhm. Um, but what we're going to do is,
and I hope this works well, is I'm going
to connect to my
my phone.
And I hope you see that. Do you see
that?
&gt;&gt; Yes. Device not connected. And now we
see that. Yep.
&gt;&gt; That's okay. That should be okay. Uh,
that's something else. Let's just go to
the home screen here. So, this is my
this is my phone. It's in my hand.
&gt;&gt; Mhm. Um, and I don't need to do anything
with it anymore because it's on screen.
It's shared through uh iPhone mirroring
technology that Apple built into the
latest uh Mac OS. So, here's the app
right here. It's called NetP. And I'm
going to launch it.
And when it launches, it immediately
determines that in fact we are connected
to the internet. We're connected by
Wi-Fi. We're on this uh SSID. You know,
in other words, what the Wi-Fi network
is called PB stands for Phil Bisel.
That's if you come to my house, you'll
see PB. Um, it will tell you immediately
what ISP um Comcast here and right out
of the gate, it starts doing uh one of
your famous speed tests, a speed test
using particular speed test algorithm
and it shows that uh it's pretty good.
You know, I'm getting almost 200 megabit
service down and believe it or not, I'm
getting massive upload service right
now. Normally that's quite asymmetric if
people are used to it. You really pay
for
&gt;&gt; you pay for your download size
principally, right? You know, you most
of the data is coming at you. So that's
what you're paying for. Um, however, you
can see over here on this side, if you
look at the Macbased one, we'll run
we'll run it on the Mac, too. Uh,
they're both connected to the same
internet. Uh the unfortunately the Mac
one doesn't show the the the physical
Wi-Fi you're connected to because of the
way Apple built it. But uh so we'll run
this one. We can we can either let them
run automatically or we can run them uh
on demand by just clicking the little
run button.
And you'll notice that this one, you
know, it's getting it's it's close.
They're always, you know, uh in in in
some portion of time they they get
close.
So you can see that one's a little
different, but it's okay. I mean, it's
everybody that's done a speed test, um,
the speed test algorithm that it's
using, by the way, is the same one
that's here. If you go to Google and you
type in speed test,
it's the same one that's here.
&gt;&gt; Okay. Um, you can actually switch the
algorithm in the app, but that's the one
out of the the default one.
&gt;&gt; And are those speed tests that is that
default Google speed test? Is that is
that accurate or are there issues with
the way that that is done or is that as
good as any?
&gt;&gt; I think the Google one and it's not
Google by the way, it's called uh
M Labs I think measurement labs.
&gt;&gt; Mhm.
&gt;&gt; Uh is good because what they do at the
beginning of the speed test is they find
the nearest
server that's closest to you physically
but past your ISP. Mhm. So, what you
don't want to do is you don't want to do
a speed test. Like, let's say that the
download you're doing is from
you're in the US, you're doing it from
Germany. Well, you're way past your ISP.
So, what are you measuring now? You're
measuring all the other internet traffic
between, you know, and and so M Labs
tries to look up the best close
proximity. Sometimes you don't want
that.
And so there I I have other algorithms
in the in the settings that you can
switch to. And then you can see below
here you have a latency graph. Latency
is an important consideration. Uh you
know you can see that on either of them
they're roughly the same. Uh about 28 to
30 something uh averaging milliseconds.
And uh you can ignore I mean jitter kind
of gives you an idea how how much that's
moving around in time. The lower the
better. And then you have like high
water marks and low water marks and you
see a running graph and this is running
at once a second. So if if anybody
recognizes what's this is a what's
called an ICMP ping. It's basically
pinging a server and returning a result
and it's measuring the time.
&gt;&gt; Mhm.
&gt;&gt; It's very little data but it's measuring
the time and um and that's cool you know
because it it kind of gives you an idea.
Now the difference between the top one
is measuring your bandwidth at a moment
in time
&gt;&gt; and the bottom one is measuring your
latency and a good way to think about
that representationally is that
bandwidth is sort of like the width of
the river and latency is sort of like
the speed of the water running down the
river.
&gt;&gt; Mhm.
&gt;&gt; So if you had a very very wide river and
it was moving very slowly and you were
collecting the water out of it, you
might collect a lot of water. But if the
same river was running twice as fast,
you'd collect twice as much water,
right? So latency is important in
networking. And and it's important for
other reasons. Like for example, right
now we're having a conversation that
we're having a video conversation. It is
effectively live. Although when the when
the viewers see it, it's pre-recorded,
but it's live between you and I.
Certainly. Um that requires very low
latency. And uh and that's the story of
why, you know, we're going to talk a bit
about Starlink in a moment here. That's
why Starlink is so amazing because it by
having low Earth orbit satellites, it
can have a very low latency. If you try
this on a United plane, the uh the
numbers will look like this. Um, and if
you tried it with uh the previous
service that they have, I don't know, VI
via or whatever is there, maybe Global
Star, you're going to get much higher
latency numbers and very very poor speed
numbers. So, this app um will will test
these things for you, but it also
dynamically lets you know whether you're
connected or not. Now, here's one
problem. In the demo, I can't show you
the disconnected state because if I show
you the disconnected state, uh actually
maybe I can do it on the Yeah, I'll do
it on the phone in a moment. Uh you
know, we can't really disconnect because
then our conversation would stop. We
can't do it on the Mac, for instance.
But let me show you. Um let's do this.
Let's go back to the the home screen and
let's switch networks here. And um
instead of So, I'm on my Wi-Fi right
now. And what we're going to do is um
we're going to switch
uh hopefully,
yeah, we're going to switch to Starlink.
So, I have uh I have a Starlink Mini.
So, I have two Wi-Fi networks in the
house, PB, PBX, and I have Starlink
Mini. So, we're going to switch to
Starlink Mini.
And as it's switching, we're just going
to go back to the app and see what it
thinks.
And sure enough, the app immediately
changes. Um, it now recognizes that in
fact it is connected
to Phil's Starlink Mini. Um, it starts a
speed test and it looks like it's going
to get a pretty happy 100 megabits. You
know, if you compare that to Comcast, we
were doing about 200. I've seen this up
to 170 or more. Um, I think maybe Well,
I'll I'll show you that in a moment.
We'll show you the best numbers. Um, and
of course the uplink is more
representative of what it should be. You
know, very low number compared to the
down link. But what's cool here is, take
a look at this little section. It
because it recognizes it's in fact
Starlink, it switches the display uh
instead of just having the Comcast panel
over here because remember the Mac is
still connected to Comcast. I didn't
switch the Mac's connection. I just
switched the uh the iPhone's connection.
And that's literally this physical
device here. Um,
so if you can if you see that, uh, it'll
it'll actually tell you much like the
Starlink app that whether whether or not
the dish is aligned or the panel and
transceiver is aligned. Uh, it'll show
you the actual physical down link. Uh,
in other words, what kind of data is
traveling down at the moment and what
type of data is the amount of data
traveling up. Um, and it will show you
ping to ground. And this is actually a
really cool number because compare the
ping to ground number 17 versus this
number down here 23.
What ping to ground is, it's saying from
my transceiver through a satellite to a
Starlink ground station and back is 17
or 18 milliseconds.
&gt;&gt; It's amazing.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, it is amazing. And that's why this
Starlink rocks. Um, and what we can do
here with Starlink, we can go into these
uh abundant advanced settings I have.
Oops. Why is it not
feel like I something is not moving
here.
It's not scrolling right for some
reason. I don't know why.
&gt;&gt; There's always the risks of a live demo.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, that's okay. It is live. That's
cool.
&gt;&gt; Live between you and I anyway.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Yeah. Exactly. Exactly. Um, yeah.
I don't know quite why it's not doing
what I want it to do, but that's okay.
Oh, there it goes. I think I was doing
this I was doing it wrong. Um, I don't
run it this way normally. So, in
Starlink, I can put extended info, and
you'll see that it actually pulls up a
graph here.
And oh, I didn't mention this little
this little guy down here will tell you
roughly not always, but when you uh when
you switch to a different satellite,
it'll reset this little uh graphic of
the satellite going across the the sky,
so to speak.
&gt;&gt; How long does it stay connected
typically to one satellite before it
needs to switch?
&gt;&gt; Well, I don't really know. They've
stopped advertising that. Um it's
anywhere from about 15 seconds to four
minutes. And one of the reasons this is
true is the satellites are traveling
close to five miles an hour a second
overhead.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; Which is extraordinary. 17,000 m an hour
which is roughly I think about 4.7
miles a second.
&gt;&gt; You said 5 miles an hour per second.
That's really 5 miles per second.
&gt;&gt; Sorry. Yes.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. I think about 4.7 miles per second
across the sky or 17 miles 17,000 miles
an hour
&gt;&gt; in other units. Yeah,
&gt;&gt; it's pretty zippy.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. So, what that means is that you
don't have very long until your
transceiver. So, the transceiver is
doing
uh has a technology called beam forming
and it is actually basically using its
antenna array. It's not the transceiver
does not need to physically move at all.
It's got approximately
a thousand antennas on the surface. I
don't know how many on the mini versus
the standard. Uh the panels are much
different in size. Uh I write about it
in my article on this Starlink. So I
just forgot the number but and all these
things are essentially tracking that
satellite
&gt;&gt; and so they're they're moving you know
other words the beam uh the RF signal is
being bent electromagnetically towards
the satellite as it motions and vice
versa by the way the satellite is also
speaking to it so it must do the same um
and then when it switches it just jumps
back you know in a microcond
&gt;&gt; to the next satellite And from your
point of view,
uh, you see no outage.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; It immediately links up. It's sort of
like a cell tower switch, except it's
happening a lot more frequently than a
cell tower switch.
&gt;&gt; So, you you built this by staying up
late at night and hand coding the
software.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Well,
&gt;&gt; no.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. And no,
I'm gonna give you a cool demo, but let
me just run you through a couple more
features real quick.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Um, so one of the cool things is,
you know, what instant in instantaneous
data is really kind of cool, but what
does it look like if we take a look at
all of our connections
over time?
What if we roll them up and just look at
on each of our Wi-Fi? So, here's the all
my Starlink data. Here's all my uh data
on my um on my PB Wi-Fi. I can if I if I
have a Starlink terminal, this little
tab shows so I can just focus in on the
Starlink ones. Uh, specifically
top will show me my top data
connections. Like I got this one the
other day uh literally close to my
router at almost a gigabit over a
gigabit down link speed from Comcast,
&gt;&gt; but not too shabby. uh on my cellular at
my local shopping center less than a
mile away. I got almost a gigabit on my
iPhone. That's pretty cool.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; Um the power of 5G
&gt;&gt; and I think uh Starlink would fall down
this list because, you know, it's not
probably somewhere it's in here. Uh no,
it's not my it's not my top connections.
And then it figures out where your
locations are so you can either name
them or see how they're attached on any
one of these cool things. it will allow
you to kind of see where it is. Uh so
like for example, let's go back to the
uh top. Let's go to the shopping center
one. Let's click this little guy and
you'll see oh it it shows uh the
entirety of that link from my house to
the shopping center.
Um
not to be outdone, so all these stats
are connected to a cloud-based system
and they roll up. Let me show you the
rollup graphs over on this on this
display. Uh so this little you know this
this little connections icon down here.
You can click that guy and you can go
over here and you can click this little
globe and this shows the data globally.
&gt;&gt; And so for example, we can take a look
at all the connections across the entire
system. By the way, there's only about
50 accounts today because it's in test
mode. It's not really in the app store
yet. And by the way, we will at the end
of this we'll leave a link for anyone to
try it by uh running it through test
flight and I'll explain briefly what
that is in a minute. Um and so we can we
can look at across um uh our different
providers like we can look at Comcast.
These are all the ones that have so far
come in. Look at T-Mobile.
Um we can look specifically at say
Starlink.
And what's cool with Starlink is we
actually extend the data and we get the
ping to ground numbers and the maximum
down link and uplink speeds. This is by
the way across like like if we look at
it this is showing data from 448
separate connections that have you know
in other words connection times onto
Starlink. If you look at the all
connections you can see that uh yeah
that's a larger number of connections.
We can also look at the map of this data
which is kind of cool. Um we can see
this mapped globally. Um mind you the
data is still pretty sparse because of
of you know the fact that um we just
don't have many users in the system but
imagine what this looks like after you
get 10,000 users. Uh so look at maximum
download speed. Uh and by the way this
this data point over here this is this
is Randy Kirk in Hawaii
uh on his uh summer vacation. So he got
184
uh megabits per second. And then just
not to be outdone by cool vacation
spots. Um friends of mine over in Cancun
ran the app. They're they shown here. I
got some people on the East Coast and we
got a lot of data points in the Bay
Area. I mean, look at the If we zoom in
in the Bay Area, this gets really cool.
It's pretty good density in the Bay
Area. Yeah. I mean, again, this is only
like But take a look at all these. I
mean, and by the way, this is my neck of
the woods down here. Uh, so I'm around.
In other words, there's a lot of
connections. Here's that here's a crazy,
you know, route where I was kind of uh
really far off the path getting lower
data data rates.
&gt;&gt; Mhm.
&gt;&gt; Um,
uh, not to be not to be outdone in
features, if you look at there's a
there's a whole section on where you can
actually record the data, and I'll show
you the recording of that data, uh,
which is kind of cool. Well, the last
recording I did was here. I think it's
this previous one. Maybe I named it,
maybe I didn't. Yeah, I think it's this
one. Um, I didn't name it. If we look at
the map of this, you can actually see uh
I did kind of a loop starting at my
house through this off road connected
area and you can see when you zoom in on
this map the disconnected segments,
basically no cell connectivity here in
the oranges.
&gt;&gt; Mhm.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, it's pretty frequent. Okay, so now
um this is about half the demo. Uh the
other half is how did I build it? Well,
through my entire professional career
since I was a kid, I've been
handcrafting code, you know. Uh I've
written in every language
known uh I think every language that
I've been experienced. I'm not a cobalt
forran guy, but I've done a lot of
basic. I've done Pascal. I've done C and
C++.
done tons of Python. I've done Swift.
Swift is the language. Uh I've done C,
Microsoft. Swift is sort of the modern
language that Apple invented to build
iPhone apps, uh iPhone or iPad apps. So,
did I handcraft this code? No, I didn't.
I architected it, but I um this one I
programmed in English uh using AI. So,
I'm actually going to give you a
complete live demonstration of that. Uh,
which I think will be kind of cool. And
what I thought I would do is um if you
click this little gear, the settings in
the app, and you'll see down here in the
right corner of the footer, there's this
little icon. And it, if I click it, it
says about me, was built by Phil Bisel,
blah blah blah. About the developer.
Maybe I should have about the app. So,
what we're going to do is I'm going to
show you how that works. Here's Cursor
AI um to um to give folks some
familiarity. There's really I don't know
there's a couple uh AI coding platforms.
Anthropic is probably that's a prime key
reason for its business. Um Cursor is
out there doing this. Cursor is quite
excellent as well. I'm using Cursor
here. Um, Curser is the company that,
uh, SpaceX has an option to buy on,
right? They've got, um, I think they can
decide do they want to buy it or not in,
uh, couple weeks or I don't know what
the time frame is, but um, so Kurser may
be a SpaceX company soon. Do you know
the Do you know the the dets on that? I
&gt;&gt; uh, 60 billion price. They can walk away
and pay him 10 billion. I forget the
time frame.
&gt;&gt; So, yeah. So, you know, and they're
they're using a lot of of either cursor
data or cursor technique on data to
train the Grock build system, right?
Which is sort of their answer to it. So,
I think that they're in a race to
determine whether they want the core
Grock technology.
&gt;&gt; But here's what we're going to do. Um,
we're going to actually build this
feature. Now, it's not going to look
great to start, but we're going to build
it. And I'm going to say, okay, here's
what we're going to do. Here's the AI.
I'm going to say in the settings panel
uh there is a little icon about the
developer.
I want
you to add one next to it
that opens a panel that says
about the app.
describe
the app as you know it
in that panel
and we'll go from there.
It's pretty much English, right?
&gt;&gt; Pretty much. I wonder if you if you used
Shakespearean English if it would be
just as effective. Well, I mean, it's
there's a real AI behind it. So, you can
it it really does infer
many many little things. I mean, I can
make spelling mistakes and,
&gt;&gt; you know, I could say instead of say
about this developer, I could have say
about me.
&gt;&gt; Doesn't care. Um, it's like talking to
any AI. It's just that it happens to
really really understand the code side
of it.
And even that last part of your prompt
where you said, you know, and we'll go
from there. That's really totally
unnecessary.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, totally unnecessary. It's almost
like it's just a matter of like it's
just sort of starting to have human
conversation, right?
&gt;&gt; I mean, it's not really teeing it up. It
doesn't really care if I'm going to
modify it after. It doesn't in fact the
be the beautiful part about it is
&gt;&gt; uh unlike hundreds of developers I've
managed over the years, there's no
laziness here,
&gt;&gt; right?
&gt;&gt; If I was managing a developer and I
said, "Hey, I want you to write this
feature." And then the next day after
after two weeks of him writing the code,
him or her writing the code, I said, you
know, remove it. There'll probably be an
an audible sigh, right?
&gt;&gt; Yeah. All that work down.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. But it doesn't care. It'll gut
it'll gut code that it wrote. Um, in
fact, it doesn't it doesn't even claim
much responsibility for the code it
write. A lot of times I'll I'll say,
"Why is this code look like this?" And
it'll say, "Yeah, this is completely not
clean." And I'll say, "But you wrote
it."
So, um,
&gt;&gt; it's like having an employee with no no
memory behind.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. No memory. No. Yeah. Um, it
doesn't lie to you, but it's um and and
I will say some things about it in a
minute that that uh but we are letting
it do it now. Okay. Um, what is it
doing? Well, it's writing a bunch of
code. Uh, what you see on the screen is
literally little snips of the code it's
writing. It's it's quite busy. Um,
&gt;&gt; it may take a minute, it may take five.
Uh we're just going to because it's a
live demo, we're just going to spend the
time. Uh oh, right now what it's doing
is it's actually using the tool to
compile. So So it's writing a bunch of
Swift code and it's using the Xcode
command line tools. I'll explain that in
a second that it's basically checking
its work. So it's very close to
finishing this feature for us.
&gt;&gt; Um now we're not going to look at the
code it wrote. And I think that most of
the audience here probably isn't
interested in looking at the code, but
we are going to look at the result.
Uh, and the way we're going to do it is
we're just going to rerun the the
application here, the the Mac based one.
And it looks like it's almost done. You
know, honestly, I don't know like how
close it is. I mean, I I've kind of
gotten used to what it's doing here. Um,
some features take longer. I've asked it
to build some very very extensive
features. um
direction from a me directing it. I
would say that you know if you think I
told you I built this app a client side
and a server piece in 3 weeks you and I
did it with this AI you'd think wow
that's pretty stunning. Um I will tell
you it is a lot of my experience going
into how I'm instructing this tool. It's
like essentially what I am is a senior
engineering manager directing a team.
Okay, it's done. It tells you what it
did. Now, we're going to either like or
hate the result, but let's give it a
give it a whirl. So, now we're going to
run over to Xcode. Now, this tool is the
tool that um is where you build
applications for the Mac and it has
changed code behind the scenes. You
know, in other words, it's changed a lot
of code. All I'm really going to do is
just ask it to compile and run it. And
what you're going to see is it's going
to basically
pretty quickly flip out this display and
run a new version of the app. Okay. So,
you can see it says up here building 29
of 43
uh say files. It's compiling. Compiling
is the right word. Then it will link and
build the final app. And then it will
launch it. And why will it launch it?
Because I've had it set up here my Mac.
So, there it is. It's about or it's
about to relaunch it. Here it comes.
Okay. Believe it or not, this is not the
same app. I mean, it is. It has this new
feature in it. Let's go see what the
what it looks like. Uh, first time for
this, folks. Aha, there's a new button
here. Let's see what it does.
There it is.
&gt;&gt; There it is.
&gt;&gt; Let's see what it thinks. The app is
interesting. Uh, usually it doesn't get
this beautifully right, but NetP is a
network testing and monitoring app for
iPhone and Mac. It gives you a live
picture of your internet connection,
what network you're on, how fast it is,
and how stable it is over time, the main
display, the history. Yeah. Yeah. Blah
blah blah. Okay.
&gt;&gt; So, I'm not saying I'll keep that, but
it's pretty cool. Um, and for the first
time, I programming in a new programming
language called English.
&gt;&gt; It's amazing, isn't it?
&gt;&gt; It is.
&gt;&gt; It is stunning.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; I I don't even know how
Um, I mean, I have little antidotes
about like what it did because I didn't
know like what it was capable of. So, I
have a whole server side to this that
I'm not going to demonstrate. It's
running on Amazon Web Services. It uses
um
Lambda functions, Dynamo DB, S3 storage,
and that's how we get to these galactic
rollup features of these maps across,
you know, connections. In fact, this
thing here you're seeing on the screen
is a serverbased view.
In other words, it's a web page that's
available to the users as well. That's
sort of like a roll up of of the data.
That's that's my I've got a connected
account. I've got Phil Bisel is
connected to two devices, the two that
you saw today, the Mac version and the
iPhone. And here's sort of a roll up of
all my data on the iPhone and all of my
uh different uh my my Wi-Fi connections,
my cellular connections when they happen
and then all the different um ISPs that
I've interacted with through the app.
Kind of a a heat map of that that data.
So this app is completely different.
This is like a like an h just a standard
HTML app and I've asked the um cursor AI
to manage that app as well. And um I
told it, you know, build it and what and
for a while I was hand deploying it like
you have to there's there's tasks you
have to do to get it to be live on the
server.
&gt;&gt; Mhm.
&gt;&gt; And I found out that I didn't need to do
that.
&gt;&gt; Um I just needed to say could you deploy
it and it's already got the credentials
to connect as a you know from a
developer point of view into my Amazon
account. So, for example, I could build
a feature today that changes this in
front of our eyes as as quickly as I did
the iPhone app. Um,
&gt;&gt; so let me ask you this question. How
does Digital Optimus or Macro hard
make this even better?
&gt;&gt; It's a great question, CERN. I
I don't know what it's going to be yet.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Um, however, the difference
primarily would be that it should be
able to drive
all your applications on your computer.
This is a very specific thing we are
doing here. We're coding an app and
every single person
listening to this at any experience
level could build some version of a of
an iPhone app tomorrow using this tool.
Could they craft it this way? I don't
know. You know, that's that depends on
your experience level. Um and and the
tool will make lots of weird mistakes
sometimes that you don't like you ask it
why did it get slow here and it will
tell you oh the way I went off and did
this was like this and you're like oh oh
that's completely wrong you got to start
over you you know you've implemented
that wrong so I don't give it too much
rope to hang itself if you will
&gt;&gt; y
&gt;&gt; in the case of answering question of
macro hardwood what I think we're going
to see there is an experience where it's
going to be able to do drive other
things. You know, it's going to be able
to say, like, for example, I could say
in the macro hard tool, take this data
and build me a Google sheet. And in that
Google sheet,
um, you know, I wanted to build a chart
that looks like this, this, and this
from the data. And,
uh, I want to I want you to be able to
do that, you know, every week from the
server data, you know, because I don't
like what Phil did. He didn't build
enough features into this app. So, I
want to slice the data a different way.
So, you could say, and then it has
nothing to do with programming at that
point. You're just basically saying,
geez, if I had access to the data, Phil
gave me access to the data or there's
enough on the screen to scrape. And
that's a good way of thinking about
this. You know, it's sort of like that
macro heart should be able to look at,
say, the screens that I showed and
basically just pull the data directly
from those screens live or over time and
do something else with it, whatever you
want to do with it. you know, build a
presentation, build um a spreadsheet, uh
build a presentation on, you know, I
want to complain to Comcast about my
connection speed, so I'm going to uh
build, you know, gather up 50 samples,
uh build me a PDF and uh send it to the
CEO of Comcast and tell him why his
service sucks. You know, this that kind
of thing is one way to think about it
perhaps than what you did here with
cursor is build a tool.
But what macro hard will do is use the
tools.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, it's a good way of think tools. I
guess it could, but it's maybe just more
using the tools that are on your desktop
and it's just doing that in an automated
way.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, it's a very reasonable way of
thinking about it. I mean the the truth
is that you know when you when you think
about Xcode uh which is that programming
environment for that's that's Apple's
product that builds iPhone and Mac apps
and iPad apps and watch apps and so
forth. Um that environment I mean we're
essentially driving it, right? We're
we're essentially driving it. Now we're
not driving it. It's you know you don't
watch it and it's like pushing buttons
and writing code on the screen. we're
we're writing code into a file
&gt;&gt; um behind its back and then we're just
asking it to compile and run the
application.
&gt;&gt; Um but in case of of how macro hard may
work is it may be more deliberate in
terms of what we see agentically
operating on our screen. We may see you
know it opening things or maybe we just
say go build a spreadsheet. I don't
really want to see what you're doing. I
don't really care. Just build a
spreadsheet when you're done. Show it to
me. um
&gt;&gt; yeah in that case in that case the
spreadsheet's sort of done but is it
done because it's a tool too right it
takes input data and it may compile it
into a chart so in a sense what we're
doing here is we're moving programming
or instruction from very very low-level
stuff that computers understood you know
from 50 years ago and we're moving up
the stack to the point where we're
programming in English. We're
instructing in English, the language we
know, the programming language we're
best suited to know and and by the way
is more heterogeneously available to all
of us as opposed to people that are are
specialists in the in the field.
&gt;&gt; Um,
but the same thing with like Excel,
right? I mean, or or Google uh Sheets or
whatever. It requires some knowledge of
those of those pla. So if you said to it
lay out a spreadsheet you're now
programming in a new language and that
is you know and build it such that it
keeps a running sum of these columns and
you know you're talking at it that way
you'll get the outcome. Oh you know you
might say oh I want all red all all
negative data in red and all positive
data in green. Well, have you ever had
to look up that functional way to do
that in Excel or um Google Sheets? There
is a way to do it, but you have to know
what it is.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; But here, you don't have to do that.
Just like we built that feature. I don't
need to know about the the view system
of the app. I might complain that I
don't like the way it did it like, oh, I
don't like, you know, by the way, change
the wording, you know, and by the way,
you can do anything here. So, so macar
Howard I think is just like upleveling
it to um work that's beyond the craft of
programming to generally using any of
the tools that are available on our PCs,
Macs or iPads. I mean, I don't know what
runtime they'll give you when they
start, but something like that. Yeah. So
the thing that's interesting here just
back to the the programming part the
thing that comes to mind is you think
about the days of early early days of
photography right expensive equipment
only a few people knew how to use the
equipment
&gt;&gt; right
&gt;&gt; you needed to be professional and then
all of a sudden we get to an age where
there's cameras for everybody now the
quality of those photos initially
weren't very good
&gt;&gt; and that took some time and then of
course now with digital photography the
quality of photos is way superior to
what we had in the days of professional
photographers. And so you've you've
democratized
photography. You have an explosion now
in the number of photos that are taken
every day. Like I don't know how many
photos everybody has on their iPhone,
but it's probably tens of thousands of
photos,
right? And you've you've massively
reduced the cost. So are we going to see
this exact same thing happen with
programming where everybody essentially
is going to be a a programmer? you you
can just use use your iPhone for example
and and dictate with your voice and say,
"Hey, build me an app to do so and so."
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; And it'll do it.
&gt;&gt; You know, it's it's funny because one
answer is of course and yes for those
apps that people could invent. I'll give
you an example. Um
a friend of mine 10 houses away is um
he's about about my age and he's trying
to get master's record in US Mast's
record in shot put. It's pretty amazing
guy. He was in the Olympics doing
shotut. So he's pretty amazing guy.
&gt;&gt; Um and he uh he uh he trains locally. I'
I've watched him, by the way, throwing a
shot put is insane. And um he built a
shotput app
using uh Enthropics uh cloud code
environment, you know, sort of think of
it as at least analogous to um cursor AI
that that I've been using. And um I
looked at the app and I'm like, Allan,
this is pretty full functioned and
amazing, right? He's like, "Yeah, you
know, I just built this." And I'm like,
"Wow." You know, and by the way, he
knows nothing about programming
languages or anything like that. And I
was talking to him two days ago and he
said, "Hoping you could give me help
with a feature I want to add." And so,
this is where you get yourself in
trouble. And I'm not saying he's gotten
himself in trouble. We talked about it a
bit, but and it takes a bit more doing.
But he basically said, "Oh, the way I've
organized this app is I have data input
sections and there's segments of the
throw." And I know nothing about
shopputting other than it's really hard.
And he he showed me how he segments data
inputs and and now he said to me, "Well,
what I want to do is I want to take
video of me through these segments and I
wanted to analyze the video and fill
out." And I'm like, so he's basically
saying, I want to go from zero to full
biomechanical analysis, you know, the
full like all the way to the finish line
of stuff that's been people may have
seen like how they do bio biomechanical
analysis of uh of uh any kind of motion
tennis or golf by in the past they put
these little dots and they and then
autodigitized it in stick figures and
they could, you know, by going frame to
frame to frame through the the video or
a computer going frame to frame. They
could digitize that motion and then you
know know things like in golf they know
like the velocity at which the club hits
the ball and you know yada yada and
&gt;&gt; and the angle of the club and all that
&gt;&gt; angle and every possible thing because
it's a 3D um reality. And I thought when
he asked me about that feature, I
thought at first, haha, you have no idea
what you're stepping into. That's really
effing hard.
&gt;&gt; Um, and then I when I walked away from
the conversation, I thought, wait a
minute, what do I know about that? Like,
how do I know that the AI can't do that?
I'm thinking of it from my
experience and thinking I know how hard
that is to build that thing.
&gt;&gt; And yet, you know, some of the features
I built into the app you just saw are
really, really hard. Like just to do the
dynamic live graphing seems like
trivial. Do those little gauges seems
trivial. No, it's not. If I had to
handcraft that code
&gt;&gt; Mhm.
days.
An app that took me
uh start to finish so far. I don't I'm
really not at the finish line, but it
start to some level of polish, which is
about 4 weeks and maybe 3 weeks and
we'll call it halftime, you know, 3 4
hours a day. Maybe I'm lying. I'm kind
of a perfectionist, so I'm in there
tweaking the hell out of it. Um but it
looks like it's ready to go.
&gt;&gt; Yep.
&gt;&gt; And it kind of is. looks like it's ready
to go. And uh and and as I as I step
back and I look at that, I go, how much
is it like like I can imagine what it
would take for me to do it on my own? I
could imagine
what it might take for somebody if I if
I if I told somebody who's nothing about
programming, I want to build this or
here here's what speed test looks like
and here's what graphing latency looks
like or think about latency. Go build me
an app. Would it would it look like
this? Would it feel like this? Would
they think about the features? Would
they think about the architecture? And
I've come to this conclusion that we we
are entering a very very topsyturvy
world. And it goes like this. I have
spent 30ome years getting to a point
where I can build this app on my own,
know about the what it's doing. Like I
understand the networking stuff quite
intimately, if you will.
&gt;&gt; Um, know how to architect the app like
in ways that make it scalable and
growable. Like you add a feature, I now
know what the layering of the data is.
and and I'm instructing it in these
these ways. Okay. And what am I
instructing? Effectively, I'm
instructing a junior programmer in a
way. Yeah. A very good one. But I'm
instructing a junior programmer. Now, if
I step back from that and I think what
does that do to a grad that comes out, a
good computer science trained grad? I
don't need him, right? But where am I
going to get the Miis? like if I don't
have these people working through their
careers through the experience of all
this and I don't know where that comes
out yet in the wash but it's definitely
something we've never ex well maybe I
don't have the right analogy for it but
where in the economic standard cycle
have we ever seen this topsyturviness
where well maybe you'll say something
right away where experience pops in
and directs
you know, and and you don't need like I
don't know. It's it's a it's a crazy
thing that I I can't see out 5 years.
You know, when you ask me about apps,
can anybody write an app?
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; Well, my real answer is in 5 years, no
one will write an app because no one
will need an app because apps will be
useless because all we'll be doing is
asking AIS to do things for us live.
will say, "Hey, can you sample my
latency on my five networks across, you
know, now or, you know, repetitively at
midnight and 7 a.m. every day and I want
to get, you know, I want to build some
graphs to see if I'm
&gt;&gt; and and you would say in the style of
that old net P app that that we we had a
few years ago."
&gt;&gt; In that style of that old net P app that
was so cool then.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Um, I want it to look like this,
but I also have some features I want to
add, you know. Um, and and by the way,
it's it again, it's more about just like
driving to function at that point,
right? As opposed to here, we think of
it as we, you know,
&gt;&gt; I've talked about this, I've written
about it is we're not probably going to
be in a universe where we think of like
like people said, well, how would Elon
build a phone? and and and I would say
well if Elon built a phone it wouldn't
look like phone for today it would look
like a communicator device a information
device it would certainly connect to the
internet Starlink in particular
&gt;&gt; um but it would be an AI device and when
we would ask it to do the things we
wanted to do and we would say things
like what's the weather in Nashville
right now we would just talk to it and
it would learn and remember. So if we
opened its interface and we were to
stare at it, it would probably present
to us the most relevant information that
it thinks we would be asking it to.
Frankly, all the apps that we typically
open would kind of just be information
at our fingertips in front of our eyes.
And if it's not there, we'd be able to
say, "Why are you throwing me national
information? I'm not going to Nashville.
I'm going to Frankfurt
and I'll be there for the next two weeks
or you know I'll be there in the next
two weeks. Switch all the stuff that I
like to know about Nashville to
Frankfurt.
&gt;&gt; Yes.
&gt;&gt; Um that's
&gt;&gt; and if you're doing anything outside it
automatically considers the weather
forecast
&gt;&gt; without you asking it.
&gt;&gt; Exactly. You know it it knows what
stocks to track and when to send you the
information on that. You know, maybe you
get up in the morning and you open up
the Apple stock thing and you look at
your Tesla stock and you look at your
soon to be SpaceX stock and
&gt;&gt; and but why is that true? You know, and
and what because you're interested in
these things. Oh, so you build
dashboards that that information is
readily available. Well, you don't need
to deal build a dashboard in an AI
universe. You could literally say to the
AI, build me a dashboard of the most
important stuff. In fact, that's
probably what it thinks that that it
wants to do in the first place
&gt;&gt; and present it to me. And then it would
contextually know what information is
important at what time, where you are,
what time of day it is, who you're
interacting with, you know. Um, and
that's the future, I think. So, I think
the future of apps, there is no apps.
Isn't that again I think the an the
photography analogy is still pretty
interesting for this because
on one hand we probably have more
professional photographers today than
ever but we have an absolute
explosion
of people doing it themselves.
&gt;&gt; Yep.
&gt;&gt; Right. But if you want to get, you know,
wedding photos done, you you don't do it
on your iPhone. You might do some video
on your iPhone, but you you still pay a
professional photographer. So I wonder
for developers if if we're going to have
such an explosion of software
development that people can do on their
own but yet the demand for people that
are
&gt;&gt; true experts that have the experience is
still going to be be very high.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. I mean I was thinking
as I stepped away from this because this
is again this is an interesting passion
project for me. Love networking wanted
to build an app this way.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. It's a learning experience. I have
the time to do it. I was thinking, hey,
you know what, Phil? You're more
valuable than ever all of a sudden, you
know, because
you can instruct at a much higher level
what you're looking for from an outcome
perspective. And
let's say that I was a professional
photographer as my, you know, that was
really my career. In a sense, with AI, I
might be more valuable than ever because
for the first time, I have that eye and
know what color correction looks like or
&gt;&gt; how to get the scene. Um, so even if
there's a a plethora of cameras
surrounding the subject or
AIS that could do the photography
without, you know, I'm going to want,
what I'm going to want is I'm going to
want more of the raw pixel data in the
stream, right? So then you can see that
Apple's already doing this, right?
They're starting to as they are not
starting, they're in the they're in the
thick of uh these much denser
um
of collection of the pixel HIC formats,
these formats where
the the the finished photo, you know,
like what we would do today with AI is
we would take the finished photo and ask
it to modify the finished photo. Well,
in a sense, we'd we we would much rather
it probably work from the source data.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; Right. And so instead of thinking of it
as I mean sort of way how you might
think about FSD in a way, right? We see
when we see a picture of what the car
produced out of its cameras, that's a
distillation that's made for the human
human consumption is not what the AI
consumes.
feel like what like
&gt;&gt; if you if you said build me a picture of
what the camera is is inputting into the
AI, it wouldn't look like the picture
we're used to. It would be
&gt;&gt; off and we would be like, who who can
see that? The FSD can see that.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. That's what's super fascinating
about it. So, I think a couple things,
&gt;&gt; raw data, the raw raw of data, you know,
some of that can never be reproduced. So
you want to capture it data samples,
whatever it is, whether it's FSD or
digital photography or
uh networking information that I have
here, right? Like I can't tell the AI,
hey uh um I notice I notice Comcast is
slow or or Starlink appears this way.
How many times did it switch satellites
in this period of time? Well, it could
say based on where you were and based on
the data you collected, I think 52
times. Okay. Is that the real answer?
No, that's an estimate.
&gt;&gt; Well, what's the real answer? Well, I
don't know. Give me the data and I will
tell you more about it. Like how long it
was on each satellite and when did it
switch and you know, did it get errors
and handoffs or you know that kind of
analysis. You got to go to the source
data.
&gt;&gt; It's interesting. I think about too the
possibility of
the average person
creating something that allows them to
analyze
whatever it might be in a way that was
never possible before.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; Yes.
&gt;&gt; Um so for example you think about just
to go back to the robo taxi network. We
have this robo tracker website
um that that basically keeps track of
the number of vehicles. that you if you
know whatever public data source you can
get your hands on you could cross
reference as it reference it with any
other public data source.
&gt;&gt; Mhm.
&gt;&gt; Um and it's you know you can analyze
this in any way you want and use AI to
program that all for you
&gt;&gt; right
&gt;&gt; in a way that is dirt cheap.
&gt;&gt; Possibilities are just endless.
&gt;&gt; There'll be a point in time where the
way that app could look is
how about I make it here's my app. I
wanna zoom into Austin
uh at, you know, you give me cross
streets, I don't know, Austin at, you
know, south and whatever at, uh, 4 in
the afternoon and I want you to give me
a virtual view of all the cyber cabs
that go through the
third and south intersection.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; You know, so all of a sudden it's
building dynamically.
Yeah. And and when I say that, I'm
asking it for, oh, this is real data,
right? It's not, you know, and then I
could say to it, you know, hey
uh how many interse, you know, I could
imagine just asking, imagine dynamically
asking an AI this question. Um, how many
intersections in the robo taxi area of
Austin are there? You know, robo like in
other words, Tesla's robo taxi network.
How many intersections? how many miles
of road and it's and it's answering like
this. It's not researching it's it's
it's you know and I say okay I want to
understand Tesla's density of operations
today.
&gt;&gt; So robo taxi be damned. I mean nice
little app cute cutesy robo taxi tracker
by the way it is a cool little app but
but in other words imagine upsizing that
to something that's much more expressive
and and and and and malleable. That's
the key. you know, malleable by by like
like instead of saying, "Oh, well, I
you know, discard, let's compare it to
Whimo." What do you mean? Yeah, right
now. Let's just compare it to Whimo.
Like, there's no Whimo data. Well, I
know there isn't that, but well, there
will be. You know, start gathering that
data and get it in the AI because I'm
going to ask tons of questions about it.
Um, you know, it's very interesting from
just sort of like it an AI with enough
compute, which is something I keep
talking endlessly on because what I'm
about, you know, what I my thesis on
SpaceX has been that it is the compute
company.
&gt;&gt; It is the infinite comput company.
That's what it's really doing. Right.
&gt;&gt; Um, and orbital data centers are
absolutely required because we can't get
enough compute on planet Earth to
satisfy the comput.
&gt;&gt; And if you don't think that's true,
well, listen to some of the questions
I'm trying to ask of an AI.
&gt;&gt; Yes.
&gt;&gt; Reproduce this scene, do this, do that.
You know, imagine that type of analysis
tool, aka sort of macro hard on steroids
or just macro hard maybe. Uh, I want you
to do all this stuff and I want you to
do it for me. Uh, and uh, I expect it to
be fast
and once you get used to a tool's
ability to do heavy lifting, you really
get used to the tools ability to do
heavy lifting.
&gt;&gt; You rely on it.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. I mean, like like what's funny is
when I started doing this cursor
project, I thought I would look at the
code. Do you know how much I've looked
at the code?
I do ask lots of questions about the
code it wrote
&gt;&gt; and that's really the kind of questions
I want. It's like how did you I told you
to build this feature. How are you
storing this data? Oh, no, no, no, no,
no. Start over. You're not going to
store it this way. That's crap. That's
like that's not scalable. What happens
when I get up to a billion data samples?
Oh, it doesn't work then. Okay. So, why
didn't you think that way out of the
gate? One of the things that you have to
do with these AIs and the cursor is you
should be very instructive. Like I had a
fight with it a couple days ago.
And one of the things it really does
very oddly is it can sometimes express a
beautiful UI like that. You saw with the
about box we built that's pretty darn
good. I mean I it isn't awesome. like I
don't know what I I haven't read the
text completely but it's you know it
figured out how to lay things out and it
you know came up with
&gt;&gt; but then if I start getting into the
nuance oh I want to move this over a
little bit it starts fighting with
itself it's its previous code and so it
will take my requirement move this to
the left and then everything else gets
moved a little bit
&gt;&gt; and you're like wait a minute why did
you do that so
um at one point I said to it after
fighting with it for an hour about a
layout, which I was like, "Okay, this is
not where I want to be in this tool."
Like, I'm like I'm I'm It's like me
telling a junior programmer, move that
three pixels and and he does. Or like
imagine a carpentry example. I say,
"Hey,
uh, add this little thing into the
bathroom." And you come out and then
they move the bathroom. Like, what? I
didn't tell you to move the bathroom. I
said, "Put another sink in there." You
know? Oh, well, I thought, you know, if
you're going to have a sink in there, it
better be closer to the kitchen. Like,
what are you doing? So, I've learned in
this tool that I like, like I've had
fights with it, and the fights are very
weird because it's like, and then I
finally said to at one point, I'm
getting really tired of this, right?
How can I better express to you what my
actual requirements are? Tell me how to
better instruct you. And what it said to
me was pretty interesting. It said,
"Well, I want you to tell me all your
constraints."
&gt;&gt; And you're thinking about that
implicitly. Well, I'm not going to tell
it the constraints. Like, imagine you
said to this carpenter or
contractor, "Put another sink in my
bathroom." You're not going to say, "Oh,
by the way, don't move the bathroom and
also don't, you know, replplum the
street and don't steal the neighbor's
water or maybe steal the neighbor, you
know, you're not going to." So, I I
said, "Well, how much am I supposed to
give its requirements?" And then I said
to it, which was really fun. I said,
"Well, wait a minute. You've built all
these features. I've instructed you to
build all these features and I put these
requirements into into you for the last
10 days. How do you not know the
requirements? And it actually admitted
oh it said you're right. I guess if I
you know kind of and I said okay here's
an thought exercise. I want you to tell
me the requirements
that would have better instructed and
then the last one is to move the thing.
Okay. And now I want you to express that
back to me.
And now I want you to go back in time
and replay it with these requirements
and I want to see how it comes out. And
it came out right. And instead of me
getting that, well, okay, now I know how
to use the tool better. I said to the
tool, how is it that if you can produce
the requirements, you didn't know what
the requirements were?
&gt;&gt; Well, I mean, I'm not arguing with the
human here, right? So there's
&gt;&gt; So maybe maybe LLM is lazy language
model.
&gt;&gt; It's not lazy. In fact, it's a little
too aggressive at times.
&gt;&gt; You know, it will,
&gt;&gt; you know, it'll do what I said like
imagine it'll move the sink and you
know, it it
&gt;&gt; it'll make a four-story apartment when I
So it's not lazy, but it is um I don't
know what the right word for is. We
can't fit it into your LM, but we can
say this that it's impressive as hell.
&gt;&gt; Yeah,
&gt;&gt; it requires good direction.
&gt;&gt; The better the director, the better the
outcome. Uh, especially architecturally,
that's an important thing. Visually, I
think you can kind of ask anybody with a
knowledge of English to sort of build
this app, but can you get it to stand
up? And can you you imagine I can't even
imagine how it would build the feature
where I took the data
brought it to a server and rolled it up
and built global maps. I have no earthly
idea
how it would have done that. Can I ask
it to take the data from my data
structure and graph it in the maps and
do the right clustering? Yeah, it's
really really good at that. You know, I
mean we are in a weird world people. I I
I just want to say that like I don't
know what that future exactly looks like
but we are going through doors that we
have never ever it's and really what it
is is it's not
it's not about oh it's not a normal
evolution it's just compressed
&gt;&gt; it's compressed in time where the
acceleration on the tool like for
example what's happening with cursor is
as I interact with it and as I complain
or [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] at it. It is taking that
experience and recodifying its next
version such that the next time next
year, two months, maybe one month from
now, I use it, it's not going to do
those silly things because it's going to
have learned from it. It learns its
training data is the code it produces
and the instruction I'm giving it. It's
stealing my ability. It's stealing like
&gt;&gt; what it's doing here is I built this
app. It is now stealing the essence of
how I architected this app and making it
part of its existence.
&gt;&gt; Just like what your kids do.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. just well just I mean in a in a
more normalized way of thinking about it
if you're a senior manager in a
development organization and you're
imparting knowledge into more junior
level people I guess we don't call that
stealing we call them that learning by
&gt;&gt; you know experience of mentoring these
there's a better more positive words for
it
&gt;&gt; yes
&gt;&gt; um and then the more I mentor in theory
as long as they stay with my org, I get
I get a lot in return, you know, from
that. But they're not necessarily
guaranteed to stay with my org. They go
to another company and they'll use, "Oh,
Phil taught me." Like, I have plenty of
people that'll come to me and say, "Wow,
what you taught me, I'm now doing over
in here." And I'm thinking, "Well,
you're not doing it for me." So, there's
so many different aspects to to what you
just went through in your experience.
One of the things for sure is we need to
spend a lot more money on
infrastructure.
&gt;&gt; You got that right.
&gt;&gt; Right. Just your little experiment with
what you did.
&gt;&gt; Yep.
&gt;&gt; Multiply that by however many billion.
&gt;&gt; Yep.
&gt;&gt; And so what this chart is showing is the
total capex from 2018 projected through
2030. The numbers in gray there on the
right side of the shaded box is the next
5 years uh including estimates for this
year. So we did uh Google, Meta, Amazon,
Microsoft, Oracle, and Apple spent a
total of 468 billion in capex in 2025.
That was up from 268 the year before, up
from 165 the year before that. And we're
projected to they're they're projected
to spend 785
billion this year.
Um and then 2027 is just under a
trillion. Now, the numbers up to 2030
kind of tail off. I I would be shocked
to think that it's going to tail off
like that. I would actually expect that
it's going to continue to to accelerate.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, that ain't going to look like
that.
&gt;&gt; Yeah,
&gt;&gt; this is a this is a curve that is
probably not flattening off. In fact, it
Yeah, as you said, it's accelerating.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. And the interesting thing is from
an investment standpoint um you look at
these companies ability to fund this and
you look at what might happen to their
free cash flow.
&gt;&gt; Uh the prediction here is for everybody
except Apple on this list.
&gt;&gt; Basically a pretty significant dip.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; And their free cash flow.
&gt;&gt; Does Apple look smart or really stupid
here? I don't know the answer.
&gt;&gt; Well, we will know at some point in the
future.
&gt;&gt; We'll know in five years.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. But the promise is that the growth
in free cash flow accelerates in the out
years.
Now again, if we think that these bars
are too low, then that would also imply
then that this is probably too high.
&gt;&gt; Exactly.
&gt;&gt; U if if the revenue side of it is
modeled properly here.
&gt;&gt; Oh, that's right.
&gt;&gt; I mean, here's here's the inescapable
truth and reality behind all this.
We are absolutely categorically slamming
into a compute demand curve. Supply, you
know, the the gap, you know, I've talked
about this. I've written on it. I feel
like I'm like I feel like I grab
neighbors and tell them, you know, like,
hey, John, who's not even in the we're
about to, you know, it's it's what we
are seeing here is a situation where,
you know, Elon sees us with Terraab.
Terafab itself if it comes online won't
won't even produce enough chips for what
the demand is. It'll start gapping out
very quickly. Right. So Terraab isn't
big enough. Um
compute itself. Okay. Okay. I can build
the chip and I could and if if only I
could give it power.
Well, I don't have the power to give it
on planet Earth, you know. So what do we
know? We know that Elon wants to build a
bunch of chips and he wants to put them
in space. And some people think, well,
that's fantasy. That's just, you know,
this idea of um, you know, what is that
shell gaming at? You know, kind of. No,
that's where we have to be. And every
single person in that capex chart
has to come to SpaceX to get its
business done.
Every one of them. Every one of them.
They just, some of them know it and
others don't yet know it.
That's right. Good point. But they all
will find themselves demanding either I
got to get my satellites in space or I
want to rent compute from you. Allah
Anthropic, you know what I called I saw
Anthropic do this with
uh with with SpaceX's
Colossus data center.
&gt;&gt; And I heard so many people saying,
"Well, that's Elon Web Services." And I
was thinking, "No, no, no. guys keep
thinking of it as this little thing in
the corner. I mean, it may be a lot of
revenue, but it's not a little fantasy.
Rent out extra compute. No, it's the
game. It is what SpaceX is about. It's
the prototype that they're doing on the
ground for what they need to launch in
space at a large much larger scale. Uh I
guess it was Sunday night, maybe early
Monday, uh Jensen Wong uh made his
competit uh presentation, his annual
presentation, and I pulled a few slides
from that and I just wanted to to
mention them here uh to you. Um let's
see here. I'm just going to uh go
through this real quick. Um you know,
he's highlighting some of this is kind
of funny. He's highlighting some of his
his partners and of course, you know, he
likes the the night markets, right, in
Taiwan. And he steps over and says, you
know, I want to recognize some of my
partners. And he's pointing out the
fruit lady.
&gt;&gt; What is the fruit lady?
&gt;&gt; It's a a woman in the the night market
that that sells fruit to them,
&gt;&gt; right? And then there's also the the
weighing rice dumplings uh company,
weighing uh I'm not sure what the name
is. JI
&gt;&gt; Why did he do this? Is it is it
&gt;&gt; he was just being he's just being funny.
He was highlighting, you know, some the
real partners, but also on his list he
he had some of the companies and some of
the people at the at the night market.
&gt;&gt; I think that's a great way of poking fun
at these partner sheets. By the way,
like like you just told me that. I was
like, this is really funny. Like
&gt;&gt; I mean, look at this the screen of how
many partners he has on here.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. And by the way,
&gt;&gt; and this one in the corner says fruit
lady right here in the lower left.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Fruit lady.
Did Did he mention that or did you pick
that out yourself?
&gt;&gt; He he mentioned it. He specifically
walked over and held his hand up.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Yeah.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Yeah. He posed, you know, he kind
of posed for like a photo or something.
So, I thought that was pretty funny.
&gt;&gt; He's like Steve Jobs, by the way. He has
one outfit and seven.
&gt;&gt; When I say one outfit, it doesn't mean
he has one set of those sneakers and one
of those jackets. Maybe he does. But
Steve used to have all those, you know,
black shirts in his closet.
&gt;&gt; Well, I'm sure that's all he has in his
closet, too. Probably, you know, 50
jackets and 50 sneakers.
um just just to go back to uh sort of
your experience with your app. Um he's
talking about you know agents going to
work and he says well here we here we
are we can program with the English
language just what you showed us.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; And he says this is the prompt. Make a
JavaScript uh Newton's cradle animation
in a single HTML file. And the output is
a you know a nice image of the Newton's
cradle with the you know the the balls
going back and forth each other. Yeah,
you know, getting the physics right.
&gt;&gt; Um, and then another example here is um,
uh, I lost my remote control battery
clip. It looks like this. Create a CAD
file ready for 3D printing to create a
new one. So, they've uploaded an image
of the of the the remote control battery
uh, cover. And there's what it would
look like if the 3D printer made one for
you.
Right? So anybody's going to be able to
design, create, program anything they
want.
&gt;&gt; And do you realize how many trillions of
matrix multiply operations it took to go
from the left side of this to the right
side of this?
&gt;&gt; Isn't that crazy?
&gt;&gt; Yes.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. And so there again, the
infrastructure that you need for that to
happen is pretty crazy. Um, this little
diagram here I thought was really
instructive. He's he's showing it
different sort of uh parts of this
process. Um we've got the LLMs in the
middle
um that that deal with the context,
observe, reason, and act,
&gt;&gt; right?
&gt;&gt; And then you've got the prompt that
comes in, right?
&gt;&gt; You've got the orchestration which
requires uh CPUs.
Uh you've got memory which is a whole
bunch of stuff including CPU, DPU, uh
and so on. And then tools and skills.
And one of the things that that Jensen
talks about is all the software tools
that have been previously developed
actually can be used by AI like
&gt;&gt; right
&gt;&gt; you you don't need AI necessarily right
now to go out and create a spreadsheet
from scratch. It can just use existing
spreadsheet software.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; Right.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; Now maybe that'll change in the future.
&gt;&gt; And there's plenty of deeper technical
tools chains that can be driven by
&gt;&gt; again it's a data thing. You know, for
example, one of the things that you
might do to my app is you might say to
the AI
uh to put it under the profiler and the
profiler allows it to see how it's using
the resources of the compute device that
this in the case iPhone like memory uh
disc is it growing like as like imagine
that you um you have this app running
and you want to know is it like what's
it is it growing disc SSD, right? Is it
growing? Like is it is is your app about
to like just take up everybody's right.
&gt;&gt; Um so you can put it under the profiler,
but you could also imagine just asking
the the AI to you know profile it for me
and it knows that there's a tool
resonant in the Xcode suite that it can
use. I mean for example uh even though
it's demanding that Xcode do it behind
the scenes it will write its code. And
you notice the last step that we had, it
was like doing something. Well, what it
was doing is it was compiling the code
under the Xcode. It was using Xcode. It
just it wasn't visually using it. It was
using it under the hood, the tool, the
compiler, and to determine whether it
made mistakes in the code um because it
doesn't want to hand it over to me and
then I try to compile it and it's all
broken. um you know it'd rather have it
rather deliver me a runtime program
problem than a compile time anyway yes
you can use tools you can use a lot of
tools that already exist um the AI
doesn't have to rewrite those tools or
understand all the nuance of of what's
in those tools this next slide uh Phil
is Jensen's explanation as to why Elon
and SpaceX is going to destroy everybody
without Jensen and maybe knowing what he
was saying. Well, obviously he knew what
he was saying, but without that
intention,
&gt;&gt; but that this was what I took away from
the slide. I think this is actually a
pretty amazing slide. Um, this is where
Jensen says, you know, the more you buy,
the more you the more you make, right?
This is a sales pitch. It's the greatest
sales pitch of all time, by the way.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; But he's making the case here that
compute is is revenue. Like the you
build this compute, you will get more
revenue. And this is why those companies
that we highlighted earlier a minute ago
are spending so much on compute.
&gt;&gt; It's literally going to drive their
revenue. But here he's showing some of
the factors that help um maximize the
revenue and profit generation. So the
first thing he talks about is uh TTFI
which is time to first token. So think
about uh Elon with Colossus.
uh the time to the first cluster being
turned on was 121 days with Colossus 2
that accelerated to 91 days.
&gt;&gt; Mhm.
&gt;&gt; When most other data centers probably
would be a couple of years. So this here
uh on the left side this time to first
token you know if you can get on this
curve on the green line instead of the
blue line you're generating revenue that
much faster. Okay. And then you push up
here to this this top line and he's
you're looking at efficiency. You're
looking at tokens per watt.
Well, who do we know that's super
focused on efficiency more so than
probably everybody else?
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Well, especially in terms of um
free power in
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Right.
&gt;&gt; I mean, in other words, there is the
physical efficiency aspect of the chip
in its architecture, but then there is
where do you get the where do you get
free power, you know? in a chip size
terap and the custom the custom chips
that that they're making for Tesla and
the custom chips they're making for
orbital data centers.
&gt;&gt; Yep.
&gt;&gt; And then of course the power side is the
orbital data centers the solar arrays in
space.
&gt;&gt; Solar arrays in space you know unlimited
power.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Um and then here this one this uh
MTBI meanantime between interrupts. So
here you think about maybe there's a
whole bunch of factors in this but one
of them certainly would be mega pack to
provide a consistent source of power
because if you have any sort of other
other issues you could you could might
experience an interrupt and so to the
extent you don't have these dips every
now and then that helps
um and Elon probably too is also focused
on pushing out the curve here on the
right side the useful life side um as
well so to me this was a beautiful case
for the advantages that the Elon and
SpaceX and and Tesla have.
&gt;&gt; You know, it's so funny. Um,
every time I see these things, I think
about it exactly in those terms because
I think about like
one of the things that we see with Elon
is like, for example, last week he did
this post and he was talking about the
deep nuance of like, oh, we're going to
use our compute cluster more efficiently
by redoing this layer in handcrafted C
and assembly code and, you know, blah
blah blah And and so what's what's very
cool about him running the show for the
companies he he's running them for is
that these the the the material things
that matter are deep deep engineering
problems. You know, it's the way very
mature engineers think in terms of
efficiency most of the time and not
making things that don't require it, you
know, not engineering something that
doesn't need to be done, right? But then
engineering like on the key bottleneck
problems. And you think about it is if
you think about the way Elon focuses so
much of his energy, he always looks at
those bottlenecks and he's trying to
break those bottlenecks wide open. It's
either, you know, it's time to
something. Time to something. time to
first bite, time to, you know, and I
think he's looking at the compute
bottleneck at large and he's saying,
well, I can play around with the scaling
laws by
taking like for example that that post
he made about
increasing the training
performance really what it was trying to
keep it keep this conversation extremely
simple. What he was saying is, "Okay,
we're going to go get, you know, we're
going to we did all this extra work and
we're going to get X back, right?" But
the problem is with I mean, and and so
he goes and he gets his X back, right?
The problem is he can't get 2x back
after that or 5x back.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; But then if he can throw this whole
thing into space
eventually as it replicates itself,
that's another whole interesting story,
but we won't go there. But if we can
just throw enough compute into space, we
can get to the point where even the
inefficient
users of compute which are more than the
efficient users, right? So efficient the
efficient, you know, the tokens per watt
or all those kinds of guys are really
dialed into that. Well, that's really
Silicon Valley, you know, and usually
they're the producer of tools, the tool
chains, these LMS, etc., etc., that that
deliver kind of reality. But if you look
at if you look at that, it's it's far
and few between as you start to push
this out like and you push this out even
further. And if you look at like the
experience with this thing that I did on
my tool, oh my god, you have no idea how
much I'm focused on the efficiency of
this thing running on your on your iOS
device.
&gt;&gt; Mhm.
&gt;&gt; That would be insane for somebody like
that doesn't understand what the even
resource utilization on that device
looks like. Right. Right. So, so the the
other side of this argument and the
reason why AI use is going to explode
um is because the way the average person
uses it is not engineering mindset
oriented.
They're just going to
My friend up the street doesn't know
that digitizing motion is hard.
So, he comes away thinking, can I just
do that? can I just add that? Well,
that's completely rational for him to
think that because that's what he wants
it to do, right? But he doesn't realize,
oh my god, that is like ready to melt
the data center kind of hard or or maybe
maybe it's not. But but so many of the
things that that people will be asking
their AIs to do will be such demand
drivers
because they're going to be doing things
that are effectively
like a lot more I mean you know how we
we we when we have
when we have limited resources on
anything we're very we're very cautious
about how we use the thing we have
Right. We're very cautious. But if the
resources just look unlimited,
we go off and we use it in
uh you know very liberal with our use of
of of the tool because if we can make
mistakes and there's no penalties or we
can try before we buy or we can do it
this way or we can do it that way. And
so that's the thing that AI is doing.
It's taking the problem that was crafted
by craftsmen and it's moving it out to
the right
&gt;&gt; to anybody's tool. And the people on the
far right don't know what the limits of
the tool are. So they're going to demand
the tools do all sorts of crazy heavy
lifting use cases.
&gt;&gt; That's right. And because of that
companies like
well
these companies have to increase their
capex to even have enough compute to
deliver the tools that are getting used.
It certainly I think people are going to
slam in their heads into a brick wall
and when we start seeing people
companies charge for these things on a
more rational basis
you know like like look I've used this
this tool here
um originally I threw down 20 bucks into
cursor AI and I ran out of tokens.
you know, some sometimes the programming
step was, you know, 200,000 tokens input
output in the system and sometimes it
was three million
&gt;&gt; and I could there's a chart that you can
see like almost like you run a task and
see how many tokens it it uh produced.
Um,
and then I I had to upgrade to the $60
version.
Ooh, $60. And I'm thinking to myself, I
feel like I've used more than $60 worth
of of of GPU time,
&gt;&gt; you know, like like I really do. So, um,
so and I feel like that stuff is getting
more expensive by the minute
&gt;&gt; and we are not like, like I I don't
really understand how like I think if if
if I were to meet Elon and I say what,
you know, what's the one thing I would
say to him?
I know this sounds stupid to say to
Elon, I say, "Please go faster."
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Because I feel like the
constraints that we're going to run into
with the compute side of all these
tools, we've we've enabled so much
&gt;&gt; and then we're going to see, oh, well,
wait a minute. You know, those resources
aren't really available to you.
&gt;&gt; Yes.
&gt;&gt; Um, you have to pay top dollar for them.
That's that's going to become more real
because there's not going to be enough.
And then, by the way, that'll change
again when Elon gets scale in space.
Then all of a sudden, it'll drop like,
you know, it'll fall off the I mean, I'm
sure there's someone listening to this
going, "Phil, don't you understand how
economics works?" But my point is right
now we're in the early cycle of that and
we've been in the free mode and we're
about to hit the heavy constraint mode
and then as we demand more of course the
supply will open up and we'll we'll you
know we'll but that supply but it's got
to go through some heavy doors right
that's the thing about it right we're
not like doing something linear here we
have to build more than one terapab and
then we have to operationally get
Starship to the level where
doing three to five launches a day.
&gt;&gt; Yes.
&gt;&gt; To launch hundreds of satellites a day
into sun-facing orbit so that we can
compute the hell out of, you know, my
friend's um
biomechanical analysis problem. You
know, that's really what it is.
&gt;&gt; And this is the flag for him. We do this
not because it's easy, but because we
thought it would be easy.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. I love
&gt;&gt; And maybe this is the flag that says
behind the Tesla FSD team as well.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; Um
it's probably a flag for anybody that's
trying to do anything that's new.
&gt;&gt; The the funny thing about this flag this
saying is
&gt;&gt; there's there's multiple dimensions to
this thing, you know. Yeah.
&gt;&gt; Like it is it is the thing that um
&gt;&gt; so many people put themselves into a
place. I mean, maybe it should say with
AI, we do this not because it's easy,
but because it it it it is easy,
but like so many engineering problems
really end up here, right? Um
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; Yep.
&gt;&gt; Hey, let's go build a company that does,
you know, and then when you get into it,
you're like,
that's a different beast.
&gt;&gt; That's right.
Um, so we we have we have uh just a
quick side note here, we've got Jensen
here in the early days where he's got,
you know, dark hair. And of course, we
now know Jensen as a little bit
different, but um I had uh our AI friend
uh add us
uh standing next to Jensen.
Um and I'm sorry, it's coming back to
that image. Oops.
Yeah, here it is. Um, so that gave
Jensen a very, you know, made of a very
young version of himself.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, it's nice.
&gt;&gt; And I guess we look pretty boyish as
well, but I'm dressed up as a CPU and
you're dressed up as a GPU.
&gt;&gt; Oh, well, I'm more compute capable than
you are.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Um, and the little thing, the
thing around my neck looks a little
uncomfortable. Yeah.
&gt;&gt; Especially if that fan is
&gt;&gt; Especially if it moves.
&gt;&gt; What did you direct? What did you ask? I
said basically it was a very short
prompt. I said add Jensen between the
two characters and on the character on
the left you know dress him up as a CPU.
&gt;&gt; Oh okay. You you told
&gt;&gt; and and character on the right GPU.
&gt;&gt; Well we're we're in good company because
we start off with Elon.
&gt;&gt; Yes.
&gt;&gt; And we end up with Jensen. These are two
good guys that
&gt;&gt; we're hanging out with with some
important folks.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, we are.
&gt;&gt; Absolutely.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; Um this is one thing maybe to to end on.
This is also kind of interesting from
his presentation. Um he's talking about
um agents and now that they're they're
developing a a CPU for agents.
&gt;&gt; Yep.
&gt;&gt; Uh they call Nvidia Vera
uh as part of their Vera Rubin platform.
Um and interestingly the early adopters
are OpenAI Anthropic and SpaceX
here in the top part of the the chart.
Um, I posted this on X and my comment
was essentially Jensen has just told us
who the three fastest growing companies
are going to be in the next few years.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; Uh, certainly OpenAI and Anthropic
coming to market this year with their
own trillion dollar plus IPOs.
&gt;&gt; Y
&gt;&gt; but SpaceX now should also be thought of
in that same category because these are
highly scalable businesses.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Look, the three biggest IPOs in
the next year will be
&gt;&gt; those three companies. Yeah.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; I mean, you know, Vera really Yeah. very
much next generation Blackwell type of,
you know, really
look, they're looking for
a product here that is data center
dense, you know. Um
it's a pretty extraordinary
uh chip. I think the the interesting
thing is that
you know where does where does it go in
terms of these people feeding in enough
power to get it done. You know
&gt;&gt; that's going to be their constraint.
They're going to have to look to the
company on the right SpaceX to help them
out.
&gt;&gt; Yep. I mean it's it's it's the theme I
Yeah. It is literally like like I said,
I if I'm the crazy man walking around my
block, I'm like, "Don't you people see
it?"
&gt;&gt; Yeah. And does does Sam Alman ever go to
Elon and ask us ask for his help? Or
Samman forever
&gt;&gt; constrained confined to Earth?
&gt;&gt; Um, you know what's really ironic about
it? Sam has to go through SpaceX to make
open AI grow.
&gt;&gt; He may know it, he may not know it.
Um,
but that's the truth.
&gt;&gt; We've seen how quickly relationships
change.
&gt;&gt; By the way,
&gt;&gt; by the way, just just one other note is
the two on the left
&gt;&gt; don't build data centers.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; The one on the right is building
terrestrialbased
and uh space-based
data centers.
Um, so those two Yeah. They got to go
through him. One of them already did.
Yes,
&gt;&gt; good friendly deal. The other is sitting
out there wondering
uh where are we going to get our next
compute?
&gt;&gt; And Elon wasn't always so friendly with
anthropic. He used to refer to them as
missanthropic.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; And take jabs at them all the time on X.
And so that suddenly, you know, over the
course of a weekend seemed to change and
the deal was announced. So, it'd be
interesting to see if if he can ever
bury the hatchet at all with OpenAI
or if that forever is something that he
just is not going to be able to get
over.
&gt;&gt; It's hard to say. I mean, I'm
very much on Elon's side with regard to
that argument.
&gt;&gt; I think Sam Alman is a very interesting
character that
I would never work for. Um,
but that said,
who knows? I mean, yeah, you know,
who knows?
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Anyway, part of me feels like
anthropic if it can grow itself from an
infrastructure point of view and like
like very smart of anthropic to do that
deal with SpaceX.
&gt;&gt; Mhm.
&gt;&gt; Because,
you know, Elon can easily say, I want
I'll, you know, you're in the loop.
You're you're in the pipeline. You're
going to my next place, which is space.
you know, you've got that e ticket to go
there. You're I mean, if I was them and
I had the money, I'd pay the premium to
because I just basically bought myself
a future with that. And I think if if
they can grow, Anthropic can grow
at the rate they're growing. I'm not
even sure that,
look, it's easy for me. I'd say that
Anthropic and SpaceX are amazing
companies and you should invest in them.
And OpenAI will have an IPO and I don't
think you should invest in it. Not
because I what I think of Sam Alman, but
I just think that they're going to get
starved out.
&gt;&gt; Like I don't understand how they're
going to even if they even if their
teams produce
amazing,
they better work on their efficiency.
It sounds a bit like Yahoo versus Google
back in the old days.
Maybe that's not not a great analogy,
but but Yahoo had a you know what looked
like a very promising future until it
didn't. Maybe Netscape Microsoft
&gt;&gt; maybe.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; Well, the Microsoft was a bad actor and
and SpaceX doesn't behave that way.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, that's true. I mean, um, yeah,
Microsoft used its leverage effectively.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Yeah, but then Netscape sat there
and you know kind of you remember back
in the day when there was this thing
called Apple with Macintosh and
Microsoft came along and you know and
there was this bumper sticker that
people had and it said um you know
Windows 95 what the heck would it say
Windows 95 is like Macintosh
uh what was that sticker
I don't have it come to my finger you
know Windows Windows 95 is like
Macintosh.
The Sorry, I'm not going to get it. I'm
not going to get it. The point of it was
that they were trying to tout the fact
that that the reality of the situation
is that Apple through Microsoft had done
a really good copy paste of Apple's
business through the interface.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
But then Apple let it Apple just sat
there and languished
and as a result of that it moved very
slowly and uh you know and so the game
the Apple game was well you're not going
to beat them in court. It was a
copyright lawsuit when it should have
been a patent lawsuit. They kind of kind
of got that screwed up. But the reality
is at the end of the day,
you got to out innovate
and you got to, you know, how quick you
move and
it's partially innovation, but it's
partially what you build and how quickly
you build. Um, and our friends over in
SpaceX know how to go fast and innovate.
So,
I don't think, you know, like who's
going to who's really going to eat their
lunch? Well, at the pace they're moving,
it's hard uh even just to keep pace with
them, let alone try to catch up if
you're fall behind. The interesting
thing is Elon's trying to play catchup
with Grock.
And it seems pretty clear to me that at
some point you will and maybe faster
than most people realize. By the way, my
brain finally fired and figured out what
I was trying to say. Sorry.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. You know, it was that
Windows 95 is like Macintosh 85.
&gt;&gt; Yes.
&gt;&gt; So, it was trying to take a dig at
Microsoft for not innovating.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; And yet the reality is the other bumper
sticker you could place next to it is
Yeah. But
Macintosh 95 is like Macintosh 85.
And so they they did not
move.
&gt;&gt; Y
&gt;&gt; we saw this happen with Netscape.
Netscape got pretty happy with itself in
the browser to server business,
but it people always think of it as the
browser wars. And yes,
Microsoft
had an amazing
advantage of being able to cook
uh micros internet explorer onto all
these platforms. But what people forget
is that Microsoft also produced internet
information server and Netscape had a
really piece of junk
um for a server for the server side when
that was the business they really wanted
to be in and they produced really kind
of a junk product. It's crazy.
&gt;&gt; Um and so Microsoft not only beat them
based on their monopoly basis but also
came around and beat them with a better
product.
Microsoft doesn't always do that, but it
did in that in that instance. It
&gt;&gt; did back then. Yeah.
&gt;&gt; Bill, the final thing I think I wanted
to get your thoughts on is is this um
slide from from Jensen in his
presentation.
Um he's now talking about robots and
he's got robot capability uh on on the
y- axis and on the x-axis compute and
data volume. And he's starting with tea
op there on the the left side, moving to
classical sim,
moving to internet plus synthetic data,
and then the big one is world foundation
model.
&gt;&gt; Um, and you know why I'm smiling? Go
ahead. Oh, what am I going to say? What
am I gonna say?
&gt;&gt; Please share.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, like look at that. Look at that
Tesla vision tech on the top right
there.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Right.
Yeah, maybe just expand on that for
people for people that that that's not
obvious for.
&gt;&gt; Well, I mean, look, we've come through
trying to keep it simple. Uh we've come
through this sort of age of AI where we
have started,
you know, the the battle the battle in
AI or the was all about, you know, image
processing in the early days, believe it
or not. Mhm.
&gt;&gt; Uh and then it moved quickly to language
when Google had its breakthrough and uh
you know open AI did its thing. LMS
became people focused on the language
side
and
the beauty of language is actually it's
very it's it's not very information
dense compared to to image data
especially if image data is in the form
of video right meaning picture says a
thousand words tells a thousand words
&gt;&gt; yeah indeed indeed and so you know you
could so so even though
even though that LMS are incredible.
You know, there's a lot of data to go in
and to to, you know, to produce the
model and the models are big and they
require a lot of compute. It's kind of
nothing like image processing. You know,
image processing is so much more dense
in terms of the foundational data. So if
you think about it, the biggest image
processor
product in the world is FSD
from an AI perspective. I mean, probably
just in general, you know, it's
constantly
&gt;&gt; and and I guess if we did the math, and
I'm not here to do it, but I'm saying if
we added up all the power consumed for
the image processing on FSD, we'd be I
think shocked. But what is it? It's well
distributed
&gt;&gt; into our cars. we don't really think
about how much image data we are running
through on an inference basis right and
the training side but but I'm talking
about the inference side so these so
what we get what we get to is the
reality is that we're looking for you
know these world models these sort of
require the idea of of looking at the
world as we see it in sort of a natural
way and the primary input vector for
that is is is is pixels. Mhm. You know,
now we might say that that isn't really
the end extent, but at least from a
human perspective, if we we as humans
walking around planet Earth,
um you know, we most of our most of the
data we take in is vision. You know,
we're we're sort of a photon collectors.
I mean, we we we are in a narrow
spectrum, right? We aren't seeing the
infrared, we're not seeing the
ultraviolet. We
&gt;&gt; That's right.
&gt;&gt; And there's a lot of information there.
you know, we don't recognize how much
information is really sitting outside
our reach, but we've modeled an entire
existence. Our world model is based on
on vision. Mhm.
&gt;&gt; And so, um,
in order for
AIS to
get
really good is they've got to get past
this idea that everything written down
is is what it's all about. Because it's
not what it's all about.
&gt;&gt; That's right. It's a that's a very
condensed version of reality.
&gt;&gt; It's a very condensed version.
And it's condensed in weird ways. Some
of them are biased and others are, you
know, there's all sorts of of of
dimensions to the how that data got
condensed. But what is written in a book
is a small piece of reality.
&gt;&gt; Mhm. about what is really out there, you
know, and we know and and and so much of
our reality.
I mean, ultimately we we observe, we
think, we write about it.
We then train an LM by what's written
and we say well if we could only get the
data from these experts if we could only
if we could only but these people have
gone through their own filters on that
data and they've written down something
and the observable world these you know
the observable world I I've when I wrote
the data chapter for that book that we
were involved in the um AI rising book
it was trying to explain that if we take
something like Optimus and we let it
into the world when it comes about. It
will have the ability to observe the
world in ways that we barely have
scratched the surface and primarily
using the same sensors that we have.
Meaning like visible spectrum vision
data, you know, not all these other
parts of the um
radio electromagnetic spectrum. We're
just sort of sitting in the vision
space. And when we think about that, we
say, well, why? Wait, wait, what can it
do better? Well, it can observe on a
constant continuous basis, right? And it
obviously then can do a lot of edge
compute because it is able to do that.
But all all I'm really trying to say is
in order to get something that's highly
functional in that space, we need to
build these foundational these world
models, these world models, right? and
and get beyond these LM models. And
what's sort of um sort of the reality is
it's largely uh it's all about data. If
you have infinite processing resources,
you can learn a lot about the world,
you know, especially how we're training
these things. But we don't have
infinite. We'll get closer to some some
scale out when we get something like
Optimus free roaming.
We we don't even it's it's extraordinary
how much how limited like we are looking
through the tiniest of straw at the
world's data. Like it's it's it's
it's like a shard of a shard of a it's
like looking through the an infinitely
small straw and we're blind to
everything.
And it's we're blind over time. we're
blind through the type of data we're
we're receiving. So, we've we as humans
have built our own world model based on
our vision data, but it's it's it's
extremely limited.
Um, and we've and ironically, we've
distilled it into to written word,
which is how these LM got their, you
know, their knowledge, right?
&gt;&gt; It's interesting, isn't it? As I'm
listening to you, I'm thinking that, you
know, what we call a supercomput today
is tiny compared to the amount of
compute that we need.
If
&gt;&gt; Yeah. I mean, it's it's
&gt;&gt; if what you're talking about, you know,
is is do possible over time. The amount
of compute that you need is staggering.
&gt;&gt; It's it's absolutely staggering.
And and and just as we said, there's so
many dimensions to it. We have new
classes of users who can demand the
compute that we never had before. You
know, back in the 40s, '50s,60s,7s, in
the early days, there were special
people. They actually practically wore
lab coats that were white, that were
computer scientists who had limited
access to these timeshare computers.
and they were effective experts because
the resources were so limited and you
know required so much knowledge to to to
use them in the first place.
&gt;&gt; And then you know we went through this
personal computer revolution. It's why
Apple exists as a company, frankly,
right? Um, which sort of then
democratized
compute to a different level. And when
people picked up their first Apple 2
computers, the first computer Apple
made, you know, they were still expert
class devices. Yeah, there were some
games you could play, but you weren't
really doing much on them if you didn't
know
programming and you didn't have a lot of
programmers at the, you know,
&gt;&gt; but then they became more information
devices and we got and and I think maybe
the next revolution of that was of
course the mobile device which you know
in in today's form like an iPhone where
we're talking about
&gt;&gt; now now we've got a whole different
class of people able to take digital
photos and do all these things that we
just you know um and they're using
compute in a more in a different
different way but we are sort of now
sitting on the precipice of the next
massive compute explosion. So you're a
capex chart that you had that flat that
whoever built that that shows that flat
that's nuts.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; Cuz life doesn't work that way
especially this life that we already
have talked about for two hours. Yeah.
doesn't work that way,
&gt;&gt; right?
&gt;&gt; You know, it may work in the apple
growing business or the I shouldn't have
said apple in that case, but um you
know, the fruit growing fruit lab.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; But it's not where we are with compute.
We're going to demand so much more of
that resource.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Mhm.
&gt;&gt; You know what's also super interesting,
and I just want to say it, I know we've
really run over here, I think,
&gt;&gt; but
if you think about the other little side
of that SpaceX business called Starlink,
just for a
&gt;&gt; small little second,
&gt;&gt; that that small little business called
Starlink, that's small little business
called Starlink. And I'm just
&gt;&gt; playing off of that because
uh you know as this networking geek here
that just showed you a networking geek
tool.
&gt;&gt; Um
&gt;&gt; Starlink is going to revolutionize the
way we think about access to compute.
&gt;&gt; Y
&gt;&gt; it is the access layer.
&gt;&gt; Yep.
&gt;&gt; To that compute infrastructure.
It is the way we as humans we will stop
thinking about our terrestrial internet
services. You know there was this thing
where people said hey you know what you
could do you could jump I mean like
there's a lot of people in China who
have mobile devices that don't have a
wire that goes to their house. Right. We
jumped over.
&gt;&gt; Yes.
&gt;&gt; So we know oh wow we're going to put
Comcast you know coax cable to pe more
people's homes. Well that's not very
scalable is it? I mean it it's a good
money maker when you're the monopoly.
&gt;&gt; Mhm.
&gt;&gt; And then we thought, oh, wait a minute.
We'll get this 5G or maybe 6G or
something like that that, you know, from
the cell tower 2 miles away, we get data
at scale. Wait a minute, guys. No,
that's not it.
That at scale of the satellites running
over our heads.
&gt;&gt; Mhm.
&gt;&gt; And those satellites interconnect the
compute layer that will be sitting above
them.
And so to think about what's going to
happen here where your compute happens.
I mean, we're already starting to feel
that like we don't like when I was using
that tool just now and I did that nice
little demo. I hope people realize the
AI was not being computed on my box.
There were tools running on my box.
&gt;&gt; But the AI itself,
that's out in the cloud,
&gt;&gt; somewhere else.
&gt;&gt; And guess what? I don't know where it
is. Like I don't know where that data
center is. I mean, for all I know, it's
in the middle of Idaho. You know,
there's a bunch of potatoes there. Maybe
there's a data center. I don't know
what's going on, where where it is. But
we're about to like superersize that
revolution in compute. We don't know
where the compute is. We don't know
where the comm is because we we are
bathed in it effectively.
&gt;&gt; Yes.
&gt;&gt; And it just exists around us. And the
only physical tie we'll have to that at
some future point is those devices that
do it. And those devices will look more
like Optimus than they do cell phones.
&gt;&gt; Can actually manipulate the world, not
just
not just be a device that just sits
there and looks at you, but something
that can actually
&gt;&gt; do something. It Yeah. has agency. Can
manipulate the world.
&gt;&gt; That's right. can decide what what it
wants to do, what of data it wants to
observe that I'm not observing. Yeah.
All sorts of cool stuff. Yeah.
&gt;&gt; Crazy crazy time.
&gt;&gt; That was a great discussion. We covered
a lot of ground there and I feel like we
could probably go on for another couple
of hours.
&gt;&gt; Uh we'll spare our listeners. Thank you
to everybody that stuck with us
&gt;&gt; and we will figure out a way to stick a
link to the app so that you can play
with it.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Um, we will do that certainly when
this posts on X, uh, we'll have it in
the in the, uh, post and we'll figure
out also if we can do that with the
YouTube, uh, description as well. All
right. Thank you, Phil. That was great.
Thank you, sir. Also great.