Channel:     jobhakdi
Title:       Why Tesla Stock Is SKYROCKETING Back
URL:         https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MGrSOijQrmw
Published:   2026-08-21 16:54 UTC
Fetched:     2026-08-21 19:00 UTC

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Tesla keeps skyrocketing. Why is that?
And why did we know that? And why was I
so sure? As you probably recall,
I went all into Tesla probably a week
ago
and then doubled down even more when we
heard about Cyber Cap. And I told you
guys this is a Goldilocks moment where
we actually have a situation where
we have that natural gap we needed to
fill. The market is coming back. Tesla
had this ridiculous drop after earnings.
I went out of Tesla as I told you guys
before earnings. We had a live session.
I said, "Oh, I don't like it." Tesla
dropped like crazy. I stayed out of it.
I went back in around here and said,
"Okay, market is done. Ashen Brena is
eliminated and out of the market. The
market will come back and Tesla is
ridiculously oversold." And I was very
confident that Cybercap is actually
scaling that we see all these
indications. And then what happened
around here is that Cyber Cap launch was
actually announced and that's where I
said, "Oh my god, this is a Goldilocks
moment. We need to get go all in. We are
going back to 360 in no time." And as
always with Tesla, you have to act very
fast. I said it around here.
And no time literally means three days.
I didn't know that. So, doing pretty
well recovering some of our June losses.
Um, and we have to now think about where
are we going from here? What is our
game? What's the next game? And of
course, media is now attributing all
that stuff to all kinds of things. For
example, we have a nice Tesla
semi-electric truck launch confirmed for
European launch that came out today. Um
so the electric truck semiis will be
presented at I international autoong
transportation in handover Germany next
month. So the semi is coming. No one is
even talking about semi. This is a giant
deal. But the stock is not up because of
that. Let's just be honest. That is nice
to have but the stock is not up because
of that. The stock is up because it has
to go up after this drop for no reason.
and I said so plus it is about cybercap
I have no illusions when you model that
out by the way the model is done and you
will get the model if you are a citizen
plus member you have access in
pioneerlands.org or to uh the investment
research segment that is new. You know,
I know some of you citizens,
you just upgraded this week and it's
still empty. So, don't be nervous. We
have it all coming in the first big
rush. The Pioneer Academy, the Capital
Academy where we explain these models.
We have a beautiful financial model now
for Tesla Life with very cool things
here. I'm not going to go through this
in this session. There will be pioneer
academy lessons that go through
different segments of the model. For
example, uh the valuation uh part and we
have very nice valuation insights here
just as a side note. But what is
important what we are seeing today is
mostly because of cybercap and what was
announced with cybercap launch I covered
this before
is
that we see s cybercap actually being
launched in earnest and you know Tesla
talked about this and that was on August
18th so only three days ago and I said
dudes hello connect the dots cyber
Cybercap launch maybe means cybercap
launch the thing we have waited for
decades is now real not just that if
you're just a normie investor a normie
fund manager a normie analyst you think
oh let's see if it's true you need to
connect the dots and go deep into the
Tesla reality we see cyber cap produced
we see cyber cap production scaling
since April the real manufacturing we
see now cybercaps being produced without
a steering
We see Tesla hiring people all over the
place, all over America. And I said to
everyone, "Dudes, I don't even need to
see a Cyber Cap launch. I know it's
launching. I know it's scaling. And you
need to transcend that. Don't wait until
it's too late. Then the stock is
catching up. You need to be in pioneer
lands." So you predict the future. Even
if we just predict it three days earlier
than the market, that's all you need.
You just need one day earlier. As with
SpaceX,
different story. So
we are catching that right. I'm up a lot
today. Not 5% a little bit more than
that. And uh
the question is of course now that Tesla
has announced we see the cyber cap
launch you have to do it by the 23rd
which is Sunday. You need to ride in
robo taxi in Austin
and then you have a shot to attend our
cyber cap launch event. No one knows
when the event is I think until unless
I've missed something today. But the
event is coming shortly thereafter. So
probably even in August, who knows? But
latest in September, I would say.
And then we will see Cyber Cap being
launched. Okay, here is the game plan. I
will go into this a little bit more next
week because this is about money. We
have to be on top of it. But so far I
was spot on. Now the question is,
is that a sell the news event? Will
there be a disappointment?
Blah blah blah. And my take on this now
comes the money shot here. My take is of
course it's a sell the news event.
There's just no doubt about it because
we know now we have we are hyping this
up. We getting very excited about cyber
cap launch. Oh my god, it's finally
launching. There will be a launch. I
think of probably a 100 cyber caps. I
think we will see a bigger launch.
Maybe at that moment it will boost the
stock even more when it happens
but then it will get slowed down again.
There is no doubt about that. There they
will be cautious and then there will be
disappointment. Then we are selling off.
So I am absolutely 100% preparing for a
selloff. Okay, you heard it here first.
I'm giving away all my little trading
secrets. There will be a sell. It's a
sell news event, but we are not at the
event yet. We are dramatically,
ridiculously undervalued. We are still
over $120 below all-time highs from
December. We do not belong here. We
should be absolutely at the minimum at
all-time highs. If there would be any
sense in the market, Tesla should be
right now at all-time highs. Go a little
higher and then drop when it launches.
That's logic. But it's not which means
that is good for us because we have a
lot of back wind tailwinds.
Okay, the odds that this goes higher is
very high. I would not look at the last
five days and say this is crazy. It's up
7%. It's like who cares about 7% by the
way? That's ridiculous. We can go up
much higher. So I would not put specific
tactical short-term price targets on
this thing. We have momentum upwards. I
would say this is a eventbased timing.
When it actually is clear when this
launch event is, I would be very
cautious around that. But we have a gap
to fill to 370 380. Very tactical gap
needs to be filled here. 378
and uh from there
you have to consider we already dropped
down. We were at
425. I'm not saying that we are going
above 400
uh before the launch. I'm saying we are
going higher than we are now. That is
what I'm strongly betting on. Of course,
you know, I like to put I I like to do
my bets in short puts. So, I'm always
having a big buffer. I'm selling right
now 367.5
short puts weekly. That gives me a nice
buffer. If this drops back 10 bucks, I'm
not even losing money. I'm making money.
If it goes up 10 bucks, I didn't lose
out on anything. If it goes up more than
10 bucks, sure, I'm losing out a little
bit, but that's fine. Uh, so I continue
betting on this baby to go up strongly
from here. I can't tell you the exact
number, but we have to watch the event
and once the event happens, prepare for
a little bit of a sell-off. After that,
I make no predictions. tactically
short-term long-term we are massively
undervalued. Soon we will come out with
the new Tesla valuation model.
Nothing super dramatic change on my
long-term targets 2030,
but I actually up the game a little bit
for 2026. We have now a new fair value
for the pri for the stock and I tell you
it's not 400, it's also not 500. So we
will have that and that gives me a lot
of confidence what what we do next here.
Okay, today we have a little less time.
So, we go
right into
the comments
and see what is going on. Beautiful day.
Doing very well today. I hope you guys
do well too. Maybe we put on instead of
the stock chart some nice cyber cap
news. I'm sure Joe Tech Meer has
new amazing
shots.
Where is this?
Let's go right into it
and see what we actually have. Cyber cap
latest news. So, this is all about Cyber
Cap.
That was from August 10th. That's
extremely old. I don't want August 10th.
August 19th. Too old.
Here is Soya Merit.
So, we don't know when the launch event
is. We just know they are getting
notified on August 25th. So, it can't be
before August 25th. So, we have a little
bit time for the runup.
Uh, whole catalog says Omar says will
probably be August 31st. Well,
um,
we don't know yet anything about that
event. If you know anything, let me know
right now.
Oh, here. 56 minutes old. Here's the
latest. Cyber caps were all over Giga
Texas today doing more testing at the
test track being moved at the end of
line EOL and outbound lot outbound lot
and being picked up by transports. We
even get a C a portable vehicle to tow
machine being operated by an employee.
These are used to easily move vehicles
around by just one person.
Here we see
It's loud, I bet.
Beautiful.
Can watch this while we go into the
comments. Let's see what the comments
say.
I hope you guys are doing well. Start at
the beginning.
Hi Joe from Thailand. Crypto Jazz. Hi to
Thailand. Slava.
Uh let's go. Joe says seven bear here
with you guys. Greeting from Denmark
from a higher where taxes are high and
brand power is decreasing rapidly.
Why is brain power decreasing in
Denmark? I wasn't complaining the other
day. Very smart.
Uh so you're not uping
here. Exactly. And then we have cashew.
Cashew the nut from Singapore. Hello
cashew 930
923 Tesla shares now hoping to reach
1,000 this year. Very nice. I'm already
96% all in on Tesla and I'm a buy and
hold until 2035 guy. Not a jump in and
out guy. Let's hope the cyber cap body
and mind are both ready for duty. I
think not perfectly ready but they're
ready to be deployed.
700 soon. That's That's tricky here. I'm
all in on Tesla and BTC. Well, you have
a good week, I would say. And then here,
of course, the most important man, LJ or
woman. I don't even know LJ. Uh, hit the
like button. That's exactly what we need
to do. Watch this again.
Buy the 10
380 sell off. No, the group will be
divided. Um
I don't think so. I am more focused on
timing of the event
space. So I could have stayed low.
SpaceX will be continue to stay a little
low. I, you know, like you mocked me.
It's always not smart to mock my weight.
Wait. Always. If you want to mock me,
just wait a month because otherwise you
might look very bad
because I said SpaceX is hitting a 135
uh a 135 wall. And then people mocked
me. And look where we are at with
freaking SpaceX. Oh wow. 135 wall and
they mocked me because right after it
went to 145 it's like bros you need to
understand you can't just be like that
here I said they will hit a wall here I
said okay this is very good I'm going
all into space not all in but I'm going
hard into SpaceX short puts at 135
strike and I made all the money and I
kept them here making money because I
say this cannot go much above that there
is a selling pressure all because all
the new shares unlocks that come in they
want to get out at IPO price. But the
beauty of it is that puts it into a
clear clear clear
window. Okay, which is very rare. We
know it can't drop much because I have
tremendously good news coming in and we
know it can't go up much because there's
a selling pressure at 135. Very
interesting stuff if you like selling
options. But be cautious with short
calls. I'm much more into short puts
because I'm much more confident that
SpaceX will not drop far below 135 for
now. Too many people want in. But I'm
also sure it's not going much higher.
But not true enough because if they
announce some crazy revenue, it might
burn through the sale orders and then
you're screwed if you have short calls
here. For all you all in Tesla, what
happens if something god forbid happens
to Elon?
Uh, so Michael, I ran some statistics on
that. It just never happens. Very
simple. The last time a super
entrepreneur
died randomly was never. Look it up.
It's just not something that happens
statistically. Now, I'm not saying it
cannot happen, but statistically the
risk is far below 1%. Even Steve Jobs
when he got cancer, that was not a
sudden drop. He that was a decade or
something. So, who's pumping BTC? Well,
we should have a dedicated Bitcoin
crypto video. I always said very likely
this is the bottom and everything is
super bullish fundamentally on Ethereum
and on Bitcoin, maybe Solana too. Uh and
so it was just stupid to be so low and
we have to understand four year cycles.
You have to understand that this thing
was just bot bottoming. But I am doing
fine
uh with my micro strategy in my stock
portfolio but also my bitcoin
uh China shill. Um, well, I wouldn't say
Tesla is going to do fine without Elon,
but once once we have robo taxi live, I
do think within 6 months, Roboaxi could
easily survive without Elon. Uh, and
Optimus, I think in 2028, Optimus can
easily survive without Elon and Terraap
probably also by 2028. I would say by
2028 Tesla is completely independent of
Elon in terms of having three hyper
growth trajectories that are fully
understood. Elon is needed when you want
to do new things that are very
complicated, but Optimus is 95% done.
Roboaxi is definitely 100% done.
Terrafab is probably 60% done actually.
So,
you know, if Elon drops out when you're
60% done, you have a problem. But if he
drops out, if you're 95% done, you can
complete it if you're 100% done, too.
Obviously, the stock I mean, of course,
I'm my main argument is not that we
don't need Elon. My main argument is
that statistically, it's extremely
unlikely that something happens to Elon
because nothing happened to Henry Ford,
nothing happened to Benjamin Franklin,
nothing happened to any of these guys,
JP Morgan, nothing happened to Steve
Jobs, to Bill Gates, nothing happened to
Jeff Bezos. So nothing happened to any
of the unicorn founders
because these kinds of people are highly
functional. They are tend to be healthy.
They tend to be extremely good in taking
care of their health. Even though we
sometimes think Elon doesn't, but I
don't think so. I'm pretty sure Elon is
extremely well understood his body and
health.
And that's why I'm not too nervous. It's
just you have to, you know, always think
like a statistician. You have to think
about probabilities.
Uh LJ exactly FSD is pretty good.
Uh do you follow Carrie Artac? Wicked
stocks. He's thinking we see 220s.
Curious your thoughts. I don't know him,
but uh I'm pretty confident in my
understanding of Tesla, so I think we're
doing fine right now.
Tesla should be no more than 15% of your
portfolio unless you have such a large
position in Tesla that even if it falls
75% you have enough to cover your living
expenses. Yes, of course. I mean, you
should never you should have your living
expenses under control.
Um, up to 5,000 cyber caps in Las Vegas
is cool news as well. That's true. I
think the Las Vegas approval is
not the biggest news, but it's
definitely helping. Everything cyber
capab related helps.
Uh
Tesla is 25% of my folio. Rest is
Bitcoin.
That's pretty bold, but I mean the odds
that you will do extremely well are very
high. It's a little high concentration
of course. Just make sure you have
enough money.
Um,
music is too loud. Music is off.
Uh, greetings Joe from Tempe, Arizona.
Looks like we have a Tesla pump due to
JPMC's new price target out there. Well,
the interesting thing is, you know what
I here's here's what I think. I was a
little surprised this week.
I was a little surprised this week on
the Cybercap launch news, how the stock
reacted, not at all. And on the JPM
news, not at all, which was weird
because both were extremely clear,
extremely newly injected information
that was extremely bullish and no one
reacted and now we are reacting, which
means the market is not paying
attention. That's what it means. Tesla
is not a super high attention stock
anymore. uh that is bad for inflows but
it's good for alpha because it means in
a normal stock you can have an
information advantage over the market
you know multiple days with Tesla that
wasn't possible now it is possible again
because I think a lot of investors are
just there too many shiny objects nebas
micron all these things cororeweave
even Robin Hood now even bitcoin now so
there's a lot of distraction right now
which is good for us if we are focused
on Tesla and on SpaceX I'm also focused
on Bitcoin a little bit. I'm also
focused on Micron. Not so much the
Neoclouds yet, but if you have a good
understanding intelligence here, these
are the times where you can just get
free money. Alpha Information Advantage
is free money and in a market that
doesn't pay attention. When JP Morgan
comes back from a factory visit, says
all this crazy stuff, dude, it's time to
buy. But you have to you have
Oh, you can't hear me?
Now you can hear me.
Uh,
so tell me if you can't hear me. Let's
scroll down to the end.
Oh yeah, you can hear me. It was just
music comments. I'm late on the
comments.
Um,
here. What is this? If you had some
leaps and long expiration in the money
puts,
long expiration in the money puts
short or long. Um,
would you use this buy the rumor or
cycle to exit a portion of them?
Long-term investors, if you have
long-term conviction, oh no, I wouldn't
do it. It depends on your mindset. I
mean, if you're in leaps at 360,
no, I wouldn't be too tactical with that
stuff.
Hi, Joe from Tusen. If launch is August
8:31st is a Monday, but 8:30 is a
Sunday, probably a better day. Like, I
don't think we will be surprised by the
launch. I think they will just tell us.
That's what I think. So, we shouldn't be
too nervous. We will we will know.
Uh,
should we look at more X stuff? By the
way, have news here.
Philly, Philadelphia, I saw this
already.
Why is this so weird that I can't here?
Are there more images
loading? Look at this. Beautiful. So
cool. I love these things.
Okay. Why would you buy SpaceX knowing
that it's going to merge with Tesla? I
think this is a huge mistake to do this
merger speculation. You just have to
treat them as separate stocks and handle
them right now. This whole hoping or not
hoping or whatever merger, forget it.
Like it should not influence you. It
should you should analyze the stocks and
buy the stocks you like because this is
all speculation for now.
Interesting how the left troll wave has
not hit yet today. Well, who knows?
Maybe they're sleeping.
Uh,
I don't know. I think Elon is friends
with uh Peter Dandis and he has Fountain
Health. He He's always pushing health
stuff on Elon. Elon is not stupid. And
he has now like back pain and stuff, so
he's getting old and he understands he
has a body and he understands he needs
the body to stay alive, otherwise he
won't stay alive. He's not that dumb.
I'm pretty sure Elon does medical stuff
here. Segue inventor drove his Segway
off a mountain. Yeah, but he was not a
top tier entrepreneur.
Does Joe have a Discord or group chat?
No, I have Pioneerlands.org. You have to
go to pioneerlands.org.
We will have latest by next week the
Pioneer Academy ready and then we have
office hours in the Pioneer Academy. So
whatever questions there are about the
models, about anything
there will be office hours where we chat
and discuss these things.
Uh that wasn't the segue invented was a
third owner sad story. Yeah.
What about orbiting data centers? Not
the main topic right now, but uh they
are coming sooner than people think. I
think 2028 we have them at scale. One
gawatt. That's what I think.
It's just completely huge.
Uh do you think we'll see SpaceX drop
window once the non-believers surface on
Wall Street?
No, I think SpaceX has just enormous
support. When when I look at the
fundamentals of SpaceX, it's insane
what's coming this year.
Enormous buying pressure, but also
enormous selling pressure around that
135 all the way to December, end of
November.
So,
uh interesting situation. I understand
spacics more and more.
Uh I'm getting very comfortable with
understanding SpaceX. I will do a whole
video on this.
Gua North Cyprus from Detliff.
Detliff Lao in North Cypress. That's
very nice. Cypress is very nice. Poxy
frostbite is back.
There's lots of abundance, but my
investment horizon is 30 years. Getting
some nice wins is great, but everyone
should would sacrifice a little
short-term growth for a big repricing.
We don't even have to
we don't have to sacrifice too much more
in my opinion. We have Mel Mel Drair
from Saria.
Beautiful. Will center pat choose the
commies instead of the big bad SC. I
have actually a video on Swedish
politics. I'm thinking about if I should
launch it. I'm probably going to launch
my Swedish politics video on the
election
um soon on Sunday or something just for
fun. Let's see what happens. Even though
we want to move the politics a little
bit out of the main YouTube channel and
into Pioneer Lands because I don't think
it's good for the algorithm. We should
be focused on finance, macro, Tesla,
SpaceX, AI stocks and maybe the politics
have to go to Pioneer Lands for the
members.
But I think Sweden election will be so
important.
Poor Swedes. I see bad things happening.
And let's see what happens. Ah, the
Swedes are getting gas lit so badly by
these evil
social democrats. How can this like
what's happening? Why is no one
remembering what they did?
And Sweden is doing so well. Sweden has
a total turnaround. It's like it's such
a beautiful turnaround. And now they
want to kick them out again.
crazy
uh center pat I think there will be well
it's
we will see we will see we can discuss
this more um
for my long money how should I split it
between Tesla and SpaceX I think Tesla
is more attractive much much more
attractive on a six month horizon
because SpaceX is actually very
attractive in the sense that it can't
drop much in my opinion for short
selling short puts. But um it just has
this tremendous selling wall building up
and up and up and the selling wall will
become exponentially stronger the more
we go north of 135. That's just what it
is just from a mechanical perspective
for now. I mean at some point this is
over probably by December.
Biden 2028
I mean, if you can run once, being dead,
you can run twice, I guess. Um, but I
heard AOC is back.
Elon said he receives hundreds of death
threats every month. That's true. But I
mean, that's normal, not that I
maid hoping AFD wins big so we can at
least partially fix Europe. Yeah, if the
AFD takes over Germany, I think Europe
is saved.
But that's a giant battle. giant battle
but they will in my opinion there's no
way back. I do look at a mer merger
premium and have my calculation for it.
As of yesterday about a 83% Tesla
premium is priced in SpaceX will have a
greater run but don't chase buy the best
deal and now it's Tesla 100% proxy frost
but I think long-term I mean SpaceX is
of course legendary the whole thing but
right now next six months not so much
fatba says 60% Tesla 30% SpaceX
nothing against that
used to be such a nice country I think
you mean Sweden yeah I mean unbelievable
Uh,
Dali Vara says, "You were completely
right about SpaceX 135. Still feel the
price is too high. December 8th, we will
be loading on the stock. Also, thank you
for the EU political analysis." I'm like
torn my political stuff. I like it. But
of course, the views are less strong
than with investment topics. But I mean,
politics is just important. We need to
talk about this.
uh consider making separate politics
YouTube channel.
Interesting idea,
but then I have to start from scratch.
Maybe we just because I I don't think
you can mix these two things. Maybe I
should do a politics channel and go all
out.
Is that dangerous? Will I get killed?
Will I get death threats?
Poxy says, "Keep your channel focused
and the Elgo loves it." Maybe ah, a
separate politics channel. Wow,
interesting idea.
Pony, I have to look into Pony more.
Pony Express. I hope we get a couple
hundred cyber caps driving around. Yes.
New Tesla Fab India so that Tesla India
price can reduce and it will be able to
sell heavily.
Yeah, that's not easy but possible. I
like 8020 Tesla SpaceX right now, but
those ratios built up in a disciplined
way at good prices.
Yes,
absolutely.
Okay, today we have to keep it a little
shorter.
Uh
let's see where we are at here. What?
Let's do a final check of the market.
Let's start with the market itself.
We are up how much?
Wow, not much. All my stocks are doing
great. We only up44.
That is pretty good. Micron, I have a
short put 970. I want to to stay above
970. got paid so much money for this
short put because I'm also I mean Micron
it's interesting my journey with Micron
to really dive deep into the analysis
Micron is actually very tricky it seems
so easy because they have so much cash
coming in but the problem is this
uncertainty beyond 2028 when you
actually model it out yeah I mean
I mean this thing can go down or it can
go up
and different from Tesla or SpaceX or
Nvidia here. This is actually a little
bit more uncertain.
That doesn't mean I'm bearish. It can
absolutely explode much higher. But if
anything goes wrong on the demand side,
they are, you know, they're living the
high life with extremely high margins.
So, Micron is not that easy to analyze
actually because it's all about 20 28.
What happens after? Do I think we will
need a lot of memory? Of course. But do
am I as sure as with Cyber Cap with
Optimus with AI orbit AI and like no I'm
not that sure. Also you see a Cerebris
new chip much less RAM. So who knows?
I'm not a total chip architect AI
hardware architect master. I don't know
what you can tweak there to need less
memory. Who the hell knows?
Tesla that was a good day.
requires separate channels create an
overview video so world learns how their
beagle magazine works well
I don't think it's too complicated to
understand that separate channels would
make sense if it's just politics one
channel like it's just the question of
work but I don't need to do a politics
video every day. I just do it once a
week. I could just do a weekly politic
because I like politics and I think it's
very important and I don't think there
are good there's good coverage of
European politics and sometimes I mean
macro Iran stuff should go on the
finance channel because it is all about
finance.
I mean American politics I like a lot. I
understand it well but it's of course
more competitive. So focusing maybe on
Europe for Americans,
but Miller Botanical says, "I think you
can mix it. People know the vibe is
obvious. I like the mix."
Yeah, but the I I feel the algorithm is
getting confused by it.
a poly channel overview histories. I
mean there's also so much cool stuff to
discuss like
I love this kind of stuff. I have so
many theories not just theories.
For example, did you guys even know when
you look at the west, what we call the
west, and all these weird cultural
things that affect kind of the west
uh and they say it's oh it's like
someone wants to bring down all these
European countries which includes
America and Canada and Australia like
the countries of the Europeans. But
there are like weird things going on
where the borders actually run. Like for
example, why are is Poland and Russia
and the Czech Republic why are they not
affected by the wokemind virus for
example? That's a very interesting
question. And why are New Zealanders
affected and Australians? What do they
share in common that maybe Eastern
Europe doesn't have some baggage? So I
have a great I have a very big theory on
this.
Yeah, I'm also thinking about more
collabs like more interviews
on the channel, but we have so much to
do. We had to set up the academy.
Uh, we need your global insights, Joe. I
mean, I would love to do that, but I do
think it's a separate channel.
Once a week, separate channel
just for fun. We see what happens. But a
new channel I start at zero.
I mean, who knows?
Exactly. I can't burn out. I have so
much to do here with the capital
academy. But politics, we need to fight.
Virtual Viking says, "Why can't the
other social democrat parties learn from
their Danish sister party?" I mean the
interesting thing is that in Denmark
patriotism comes before party only in
Denmark
you know
every social democrat normally would
throw their country under the bus of
course for power the Danes because maybe
it's so tiny and cute the country and
there are not so many Danes in Denmark
you know there are these social
democrats and they just realize oh our
country is going down the drain we have
to change something like who does that
I've never heard that before I'm a
social democrat. So the Danes are
different. You can't learn from the
Danes if you're not a Dane.
Frost, I learned a lot about European
politics through your videos. Yeah. And
I think a lot of people are interested
in European politics because a lot of
people are Europeans and they have a
bond to Europe. If you live in Sydney,
but you're all like half German, half
Irish, whatever, you are interested in
this kind of stuff and you have a, you
know, emotional and
inherited relation.
Oh yeah, it will be. Yeah, if they dig
out my channel in the future, some
archaeologist dig it out of the sand and
find the channel and suddenly they will
understand everything that happened in
the 2020s.
Uh, proxy frostbite, I really appreciate
independent political overviews of
things like the major German elections.
Eastern Europe becomes a Russian proxy
even when they are totally against them.
We need a balance of left and right.
America
used to be patriots first. Democrats
have destroyed that. Yeah, exactly.
That's the problem.
Don't risk getting your main channel
banned from. I also think something is
going on. Like I had a lot of success
when I did my first Germany video and
now it's like it feels really suppressed
the whole thing. Germany is heating up
guys. I tell you, Germany big things are
happening. So maybe there's some YouTube
things happening too.
Wondering what the theory is. Some place
in South America don't have it also like
El Salvador.
Yes, that is true.
Uh
will Tesla drop on Monday since it has
gained more than 5% today? No, I Sunil I
think it will drop
when this thing launches.
I've been training for more than 30
years. I'm not a wacko trying to pump a
stock. Just give Pony a look when you
have time. I will take a look. The local
Balcon situation is still a bit tense
compared to other regions. That friction
creates less trade, both cultural and
financial, and so they become
financially not so powerful. True.
Social democrats today are just
essentially just socialists. Well,
yeah, socialist is one thing, but there
might be worse things going on than
that.
My Danish friend told me 30 years ago
that Muslims were a problem well before
Americans knew it.
Yeah, Denmark is an interesting
place.
Like button. Yes, like and subscribe, of
course. Okay, guys, we have to wrap it
up. I like the discussion. I mean, a
politics channel. I mean, I like this
could be politics, but it could also be
my greater theories about like
a lot of people don't know a lot of
things about European history that
affects everyone and definitely America
and Australia, New Zealand, Canada.
Like, there are lots of things to know.
Once you know them, it's like, wow, just
historic things, the history. And I'm
not talking about the 20th century. I'm
talking about everything that started at
455 AD. That's when that all started,
right? The goths and everything.
So,
let's see how this all goes. But for
now, we just get rich with Tesla and
some others. The Pioneer bonds finally.
Oh, we have major breakthroughs with the
Pioneer Bonds. But this is not for now.
The Pioneer Bonds will be so beautiful.
I can't even like put it into words. We
finally have it probably all wrapped up.
That took much longer than expected.
History lessons
like a mix of history.
Yeah, you're probably right. Maybe I
should just do it as a hobby because
this here is not a hobby.
This is much more than a hobby. This is
uh because I love trading and stocks and
predicting and pine lens is definitely
not a hobby but politics. Maybe I should
just think of it as a hobby,
you know, have some beautiful little
videos
and then see what happens and be a
little more maybe take a his history
perspective or something like that and
put it into perspective. I will think
more about it.
Exactly. We can like form
because in politics is everything is so
dumb. People are just having random
opinions and throwing randomness out
there and they don't understand this is
all part of a great arc of history. And
once you see the arc and can just
research more and learn more, it's like,
"Wait a moment. Wait a moment.
Now I understand what's going on here."
Yeah. And I can just make it very chill.
It's like this is just what's happening
and explain the whole thing and present
it more as like historic theory. But
then I also have to mix mix in the
current politics because that's very
hot. But I should also it's very
important to be neutral and just say
here's what I think is going to happen
without even saying what's right and
wrong and I think that's toxic. It's not
commentary. It's more like okay this is
happening. I predict this will happen
because what's actually true is this and
what's actually not true is this. So I'm
a little neutral.
I can hit the what avoid social. Well,
that is a big theory because the problem
is I tell you guys the problem the one
of the biggest problems on earth is that
all the people like you guys and me we
have these smart discussions and then we
think oh if you would could only do this
with the dumb people everyone would
understand what's going on. But that's
not how it works. Okay, that's not how
it works. The whole brain structure is
different.
It's just different. You can't like the
idea. If you go to like a
Bernie Sanders fan or like a Kamala
Harris fan, dudes for what was it? White
dudes for Caramela or something. If you
go to them and you say, "Did you ever
think about like look the border and
then there is no social cohesion and
then there's more crime and then we have
to spend more money and then we we run
out of money." They don't even know what
you're talking about. That's not how the
brain works. Okay? That's the problem.
You guys think they only do stupid
things because they don't understand and
they wish they would understand. So if
you help them understand, they're acting
more intelligently. This is not the
case. This is not the model's operandis
operandi.
It's more complicated.
There should be an IQ test before
letting people vote.
Yeah, there could be many tests, but
Yes, exact.
Yes, I understand. So, okay guys, I have
to wrap it up. A lot of things are
happening tonight. Uh, but glad we have
another successful Tesla day here. The
dark times might be over soon, but
expect another drop when this launches.
Uh but we are now really moving towards
this important moment. That's why it's
important to always stay tuned on this
whole story.
Great. Thank you guys for tuning in and
we will see you uh I will see you very
soon.
Thank you so much. Enjoy your Friday.
Bye-bye.