Channel:     futureaza
Title:       Tesla Roadster Could Be Unlike Anything Before It
URL:         https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Up8Fhvpmvrw
Published:   2026-08-20 12:00 UTC
Fetched:     2026-08-20 13:00 UTC

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

I think you know it's it's getting
ridiculous now.
Now the Roser is not a top priority for
them. It's a nice to have and so that's
why another reason why it keeps getting
delayed. It really isn't and should not
be a top priority for them. It's a fun
project to do. Tesla Roadster is finally
coming. Well, I mean I feel like I've
been hearing that for 9 years, but uh
this time maybe it's true. We've had a
pile of rumors come out recently. Some
of them sound pretty crazy yet
consistent with single source rumors
I've heard in the past year. So maybe
it's not so crazy after all. And of
course, we've got some news from Lars
and Fron. Those both count for
something. Huh. If only I knew somebody
who had recently spoken to Lars. I got
Herbert here joining me. uh who has been
in the belly of the beast meeting with
the monsters themselves, the fantastic,
brilliant engineers who make all this
magic happen. Perhaps even the roadster
remains to be seen. We're going to take
a look at all that and so much more. I'm
Brian. Welcome to Futura.
&gt;&gt; So, Herbert, uh I wanted to share with
you this the worst article I may have
ever read and I'll share with you why.
This is Guru Focus. Guru Focus.
Tesla's limited edition Roadster powered
by SpaceX technology. On August 16th,
Tesla announced plans to unveil Did Did
they Did they announce that?
&gt;&gt; No, they did not.
&gt;&gt; They did not.
&gt;&gt; That's rumors.
&gt;&gt; This came from the information. Yeah.
&gt;&gt; Off to a good start. Featuring a live
demonstration of its innovative gas uh
cold gas propulsion system developed in
collaboration with SpaceX. So much
speculation. The event is set to take
place at SpaceX's rocket testing
facility in McGregor, Texas. I hadn't
heard that part, but what I wanted to
share before I get away from this
horrible thing is Guru Focus decided to
call their trademark system GF Value,
which I'm sorry, sounds too close to
Great Value Walmart store brand. Uh,
good job, Guru Focus. I don't know which
gurus you focused with on that one.
Let's try Tesla. They've got a much
better article. Wrong roadster, sir, of
course, but Joey is doing his best.
There's no leaked pictures that I'm
aware of that would even hint at what
the new form factor is. Tesla's nearing
its long- aaited unveiling of the
all-electric roadster. The new report
from the information claims. Now, we
discussed on your uh show the other day
that uh the information has a very high
reputation score and a very low bias
score. uh leading me to believe that
they actually follow journalistic
standards and principles. The event,
let's see, as the company has said
several times this year, the event would
take place soon. What is what does soon
mean, Herbert?
&gt;&gt; I mean, the report actually says as soon
as this month. So, we're talking 13
days,
&gt;&gt; maybe. Uh the report says Tesla will
unveil the Roadster as soon as this
month with a SpaceX version that will
utilize cold gas thrusters to help the
vehicle float for a short amount of
time. This is something Elon has talked
about with Roadster for years. So there
it is. They're quoting themselves.
Additionally, due to the delays, Tesla
explored a variety of designs for the
Roadster. That's unfortunate. I want to
see them all. Potentially planning to
abandon the design it showed off in 2017
and adopting an entirely new aesthetic.
Tesla considered utilizing a repurposed
plaid or even wanted to upgrade the look
to something like a Lamborghini.
We've heard all of these things before,
including teases about the date and how
soon. We do expect to see it by the end
of the year. And now with this new
report swirling, it appears it could
come sooner than later. Uh any any
context you'd like to add there before I
scream on to the next slide?
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Well, okay. So, this is coming
from the information. And if you read
the actual article, they say that it's
from people in the know, right? They
don't actual actually no, I'm sorry. The
roadster was three people that uh they
spoke to would how you know how reliable
is that? Now, we know that the roadster
has been delayed significantly, right?
Initially, it was supposed to be the end
of December. Then it became off April 1,
right? And you know, because it's April
Fool's Day, we have a reason. If if
something goes wrong, it'll be funny.
And now here we are in August. It's not
here yet. The going uh theory that many
of us believe is that Elon purposely
does not want to show off the roadster
until he wants to really pump and kind
of exa show the real the how SpaceX and
Tesla will work together. One example is
they said that they're going to have
this the Terrafab and that is such a big
project it's going to have its own
announcement that will happen. So yes,
are they ready? Well, okay. You can you
can kind of say, well, the the reason
why they're delayed is because this is,
you know, crazy stuff, right? We're
putting SpaceX technology to make this
thing fly and they can we have lots of
reasons why it's be continue delayed.
Yeah, that makes sense. But I also think
it's the other way around, which is they
are ready, but they want to wait for the
right time to do the demo to show that
SpaceX and Tesla really are special
together. So, could it happen by the end
of the month? I wouldn't, you know, say
so. I don't think so. But is it ready? I
think I think they were probably very
ready a long time ago.
&gt;&gt; Now, here's an opinion question for you.
Do you think they will show it and then
not deliver it for additional years?
&gt;&gt; Not years. I think you know it's it's
getting ridiculous now.
Now, the Roser is not a top priority for
them. It's a nice to have. And so,
that's why another reason why it keeps
getting delayed. It really isn't and
should not be a top priority for them.
It's a fun project to do. The other
thing I was going to say was the
information article was weirdly very
specific. They they talked about it
going in a loop toloop kind of a roller
coaster kind of thing to show that it
can can can be, you know, can can go
under uh upside down, right? Enough
thrust that they can go upside down and
then it's going to hover for a while.
You know, it's a little bit of a very
specific um expectation of what the demo
is going to look like. So maybe these
guys have heard something unique and
new. But yeah
&gt;&gt; indeed. So the leak that I had heard a
rumor from inside the company I had
heard sometime within the past 18 months
is sufficiently vague is that uh there
is an event and it is going to happen.
And I said where? And what he told me
was that it would be in the middle of
nowhere, probably an airfield, and no
one would be allowed anywhere close to
it because it does indeed
&gt;&gt; leave the ground. And
&gt;&gt; of course, would not report that at the
time because that's crazy. That doesn't
make sense. So when I read the report
from the information, the loop dloop is
new to me. I'm deeply skeptical of that.
Uh, but when I read the report, I found
it to line up with what I heard some
time ago. And yeah, the Roadster is just
a fun game. Uh, but you know what else
is a fun game, Herbert? Uh, this board
game. Fun for the whole family. It's
called Subscribe. Ages two to four
players, ages 10 and up. Sorry, little
kids. This game is not for you. You have
to subscribe. That's how you win. So,
uh, join us in that. And if you enjoy if
you enjoy what I do, the extended
coverage, the long trips, the far away
places, the painful places that no one
else bothers to go, last year in Nepal
at the Auto Show, I was the lone member
of the foreign press from outside of
Asia. Uh I am on the ground. I'm
actually doing the work putting in the
miles. Bunch of ways to support me. You
don't have to. You can just subscribe.
So, uh, according to Binsider, the
tastiest of all the hobo beverages,
Tesla's design chief says Roadster's
reveal is coming very soon. Now, did you
catch the Jay Leno interview?
&gt;&gt; Tesla hopefully, maybe. Fron's Tesla's
chief car designer appeared on the
latest episode of Jay Leno's Garage and
gave an update. Uh, it is coming not
soon, Herbert, but very soon.
&gt;&gt; Very soon. Normally, I don't
differentiate between the two. I think
it deserves mention in this instance.
Out there driving the uh Pontiac that
Fron designed. Very cool. The Roadsters
reveal has been a long time in the
making. Yeah. Uh he unveiled a
prototype. Very sad we didn't just get
that car at the time. He promised a 2020
launch delayed by the pandemic if you
say so. It's not just the icing on the
cake. It's the cherry on the icing on
the cake. Why not the sprinkles on the
cherry? I do not know. that is beyond my
skills uh to determine that. What are we
making of that?
&gt;&gt; Yeah, I mean, not only him, but Elon,
they continue to talk about it. I think
that if it's been delayed even longer,
then, you know, he'll probably use a
little bit more couching. So, I think I
think it's it's time. That's what I'm
saying. I'm not doubting anymore that
it's going to be much longer. I think
there's there's strategically choosing
the right time to show this. You want to
wait till the SpaceX IPO happened. uh
you want to wait until kind of settled
in place. I do think it's kind of best
if you announce that there's a merger,
but at the end of the day, they're going
to just it's just a nice to have.
Nothing. It's not going to move
anything. I don't think it's not it's
going to be very incredible. You're
going to be very excited, but it's not
something that's going to move the
market. That's my prediction.
&gt;&gt; I don't think it will move the market. I
think there'll be some a lot of chatter.
I think there'll be some reputational
boost, but I don't think there will be
any change in the stock. Who knows?
Maybe the stock will even go down. It
loves to do that when there's no news,
bad news or good news. Uh so, you know,
oh, they've lost their focus. Who knows
what they'll say on the Roadster? I had
an interview on what would it be
Wednesday, Tuesday? No, Monday. I had an
interview that I published with Joe
Tagmire. Joe Teagmire has been watching
to see if new equipment is going in. And
in the particular video, the August 10th
video is the one we looked at analyzed.
Uh he had two places where you could see
brand new equipment being installed
inside the faces that would suggest it's
probably not for the Cybert truck or the
Cyber Cab or the Model Y. He is
cautiously optimistic that those could
be elements needed for the Roadster
because we do know it will be made in
Texas. Uh I was of the belief that it is
would be of such limited production they
might just build it in the design
studio. But no, they're going to or I
even thought they might build it on the
model SNX line before it became clear
that that line was not producing
sufficient volume to warrant its
continued uh use. But then I thought,
uh, so then of course the answer is
where's it going to go? It's going to go
in Texas. They've got the space. They've
got the expertise. Everything they needs
right there. Do you think that that adds
to it or are we are we trying
&gt;&gt; you want to be as close to I don't know
about that part. I mean, you know, who
knows? Uh, you know, some mystery thing
inside Giga Texas. Don't know. Could be
anything.
&gt;&gt; But for it to be built in Giga Texas
makes sense because you're near SpaceX.
It's going to be demoed at McGregor
airfield. That makes sense. I heard also
that they don't want it to have anybody
in the car. They don't want to have
anybody near the car. They the last
thing they want is it to go badly wrong.
It's just for fun. So, it's going to
have to just show it can drive itself
and fly for a little bit by itself.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. I don't know if they're going to
&gt;&gt; Okay. So, I have a revised perspective
on what we should expect. You know, BYD
made the jumping car, right?
&gt;&gt; That car doesn't actually jump. It jumps
in a demo in a controlled environment
that is not your environment. You can't
make it jump. I can't make it jump. But
we're showing you the boundaries of its
capabilities. So, you know that when
it's doing other things like road
handling, it is very quick and capable
of adjusting to very strange conditions.
It's possible that they're going to say,
"Look, these thrusters are sufficient
that you could fly it, but you won't."
That would make the most sense to me. Um
because the legality of making I mean
call it what it is a death trap at that
point uh becomes th those aren't the
buyers you want to give the keys to
their own coffin I don't think.
&gt;&gt; Uh so that would make sense.
&gt;&gt; How confident are you it will be held at
McGregor?
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Very high. That makes sense. It's
got to be an airfield like you said.
It's got to be a you know out in a boon
somewhere. Makes sense.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. far from all kinds of hazards as
far as possible. Uh, so that would be
very interesting. Would you, if you got
an invitation, Herbert, would you go?
&gt;&gt; I would go. This is going to be a
historic first time a car supposedly
fly. Now, what is flying? It's hovering.
You know, I'm not expecting it to fly
for extended period of time,
&gt;&gt; right?
&gt;&gt; Probably better if it was over 10
seconds. If it was just, you know, 5
seconds, it'd be kind of disappointing.
10 seconds or longer. Cool. that's
hovering. Yeah,
&gt;&gt; especially from a distance. It's like,
is it? I can't quite make it out from
here. It'll be on the jumbotron. Don't
worry about that. Of course, if it does
happen this month, I'll be in Nepal, so
less helpful on that front. I I have
questions for you guys in the comments,
which would be what do you think the
Roadster will be and what do you want
the Roadster to be? I don't care because
it's not in my price range at all. like
not even a little like I probably
couldn't handle the vehicle registration
on a vehicle of that price,
&gt;&gt; but I'd love to hear what you guys
think.
&gt;&gt; Uh any closing thoughts, Herbert?
&gt;&gt; I I just think what' be really cool
would be to show them to use it as the
event to show the collaboration between
SpaceX and Tesla and and we need to see
how they work together and maybe you
know the the the video of how it was
made. That would be so cool beyond just
the car itself and I'm expecting it to
be beautifully designed because you with
the Ferrari Luch it was so terribly
designed. We are in dire need of a
gorgeous sexy car
&gt;&gt; and I know that they know how to make
it. The Roadster now the the old version
is so beautiful. I just hope that they
do something with it. The question is
like if you change it because you want
it to fly with the thrusters, does that
now make it, you know, you it restricts
what you can do to the shape of the car?
&gt;&gt; It definitely would. Um, you know, but
again, it's not about it flying. It's
about it having enough fan force or
thrust force because what those
thrusters really would be used for is
downforce in corners uh so that you
could uh turn on a dime.
Yeah. Again, I hope I hope you know
Elon's been um very much hyping this up
for so many years. It cannot disappoint
it. If if all it did was, oh, it can
jump a little further like the other
cars, boring. If it can hover for 5
seconds, boring. But what it's supposed
to do, and according to, you know, the
theories and everything is that it
forces down and it can hover for long
periods of time. That would be cool.
&gt;&gt; Okay, that would be cool.
&gt;&gt; Yep. And worth noting, all those people
who got a free Roadster did not get a
free SpaceX edition. They got a free
launch edition, uh, which would, I
assume, not have the SpaceX package. So,
apologies to those of you waiting on
your free quarter million car or your
two or three free quarter million dollar
cars. Uh, you may be in for the world's
smallest disappointment, guys. What did
we miss? What do we misunderstand? beats
me, leave it. Would you leave it? I beg
of you. Head over to Herbert's channel,
find out what he's up to. I'm over there
once, twice a week, sometimes more. If
there's a special event and he really
needs it. Uh, so I do browse through the
comments to make sure you're making me
smarter over there. And of course, I
read all the comments here to make sure
I'm sufficiently smart. Uh, I don't
always succeed, but I do my best.
Everyone else, stay tuned, stay juicy,
and I cannot wait to hear from you
clever robots on the flippity flop.