Channel:     electrified
Title:       Why Elon Just Bought A LOT of Land & Robotaxi Fleet Developments ⚡️
URL:         https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=E5bmb-i_DQo
Published:   2026-06-01 22:56 UTC
Fetched:     2026-06-01 23:00 UTC

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Welcome to Electrified. It's your host,
Dylan Lumis. Brett from Ark was running
some numbers on what the anthropic deal
could mean to SpaceX over the long run.
But Elon replied today saying, "Let's
not get carried away. This is a
shortterm deal." So, many were expecting
this to be a multi-year deal that would
account for tens of billions of dollars
of revenue for SpaceX. But as Elon said
last week, it's only a 180day lease with
a 90-day notice mutual cancellation
thereafter. The short term was SpaceX's
request, not Anthropics. So SpaceX is
not committed to leasing out Colossus to
Anthropic for a multi-year deal,
although Elon said it's still possible
that might be the outcome. But it's
pretty clear Elon is pumping the brakes
on SpaceX renting out a majority of its
compute, at least in the short term. So,
credit to Elon for the honesty here,
especially right ahead of the IPO. So,
the leasing model brings in fast cash,
which is great if you have unused
capacity, but internal use of that
compute by SpaceX can still generate
asymmetric upside over the long term. So
whether it's training Grock and future
products like Grock build, whether it's
macroh hard and something like a digital
Optimus, but whatever the project,
SpaceX having the optionality to
reallocate those GPUs for internal use
is indeed a good thing. It's just in the
short term, I think we need to bring
down our expectations for that cash
inflow from those short-term leasing
deals. When it comes to the robo taxi
tracker, that'll be linked below. If you
now click the hiring watch list button,
you'll see the number 41. That now
includes 33 active listings of cities
where Tesla is currently hiring for an
AI safety operator. And when you click
that button, you'll see these gray
circles populate across the map, but I
changed it. So, if you scroll all the
way down, you'll still be able to see
the historical cities where Tesla was at
one point hiring for those AI safety
operators. So, these cities are now no
longer listed, but we can likely reason
that that means Tesla has hired somebody
for that role. And it's true, the new
law for robo taxis in Texas went into
effect last week, and Tesla has
officially self-certified its robo taxis
as level 4, so they can continue robo
taxi operations in the state as
expected. This news ended up going
semiviral, but the truth is it was
mostly a formality and a procedural
change here. There's no new capability
for Tesla's robo taxis in Austin with
this news. It's effectively just the
state of Texas wanting a little bit more
control over the robo taxi operations.
But you can now go to the Texas Motor
Carrier website and find Tesla's listing
for its robo taxi service and it lists
the VINs that are certified for this
program. Scrolling to the bottom, you'll
see 42 of 42 rows, meaning Tesla has 42
vehicles officially registered for robo
taxis in Texas. Then for Whimo, you'll
find 619 VINs listed. And believe it or
not, if you look up AVID, you'll see
they have 317 VIN registered for robo
taxis in Texas. But to be clear, it's
business as usual for Tesla's robo taxi
in Texas. But right now on the Tesla
careers page, you'll find six different
listings for a supervisor for robo taxi
fleet support. And the cities are
PaloAlto, Tampa, San Antonio, Orlando,
San Francisco, and Miami. And three of
those do match three of the five cities
Tesla supposed to launch robo taxi
service in by the end of this month.
Miami, Orlando, and Tampa, all in
Florida, all with 28 days to go. This
role will ensure all Tesla vehicles are
in excellent condition at all times,
supporting smooth 247 vehicle
operations. It's vehicle prep, vehicle
inspections, effective lot management,
and active collaboration with multiple
teams. Along those lines, here's the
official court document for what Tesla's
doing in Dallas, building a 51,000
square ft EV sales, service, and
delivery center. However, scrolling
down, you'll find a revised operational
plan. Tesla, the operator of this
facility, will utilize this location for
charging, cleaning, repair, and general
maintenance of Teslaowned autonomous
vehicles. To me, the real signal here is
that the current service center or
gallery infrastructure is not enough for
what Tesla has planned for robo taxis.
And shout out to Spencer for this video
as he was just on site. Um, but really
interesting find uh here in Grand
Prairie, Texas, but it is currently
under construction. I will flip around
and you will be able to see it is under
construction. This is right off of
Interstate 20. This is between Dallas
and Fort Worth, so a great location. Uh,
it also won't be too terribly far from
the Dallas Cowboys stadium, which is
actually going to be where the World Cup
games are going to be. However, this
will not be open in time for the World
Cup.
&gt;&gt; And yes, many people are now speculating
that Tesla will debut the Cyber Cab on
the robo taxi network in Houston andor
Dallas around June 14th when the World
Cup games begin, which is certainly
possible, and yes, that would be
exciting. However, as we know, Tesla is
not going to rush this just to debut it
at the World Cup. Tesla has been so
cautious for so long, they're not going
to rush it for a bit of extra exposure.
And Saddok, who's been reporting on the
ground about the Houston robo taxi
service, said, "The number of vehicles
that are operational right now has went
from six down to two, and it's been that
way now for a few weeks." He said, "At
first, I thought something might be
happening, but now I suspect there's an
issue." And last night, Spencer said,
"Two days in a row I've been unable to
get a robo taxi in Dallas." And the
screenshot said no rides available
nearby. And now high service demand is
one thing. That means there are cars in
the fleet, but they're hard to get.
Whereas no rides available nearby would
indicate that there aren't any vehicles
operating in the fleet. And some of you
will remember on April 18th, 4 days
before the earnings call when Tesla
launched robo taxis in Houston and
Dallas, I said if this doesn't scale up
beyond a few vehicles in the next few
weeks, it was likely Tesla doing that to
have some positive momentum going into
earnings. And unfortunately, in this
moment, it's looking like that was the
case. Now, sure, there could have been
some unexpected problems that arose over
the past few weeks causing Tesla to
really slow things down in Houston and
Dallas, but ultimately it's really just
a signal that they weren't fully ready
to launch in those cities. And hey,
maybe these Model Y are slowly being
pulled to get ready for deployment of
the Cyber Cabs. But at this point, the
way things are going, I'm not planning
on getting my hopes up. And just in case
you missed it last week, Ashoke did say
soon the cyber cab will be driving
itself into Austin City reporting for
duty. But as we know, soon at Tesla has
many different interpretations. The
trend so far this year has been these
voice cloning scams that are surging.
And that's largely thanks to AI and
social media. And that's just part of
why I'm still talking about Delete Me,
the sponsor of this video, who I've been
working with now for almost 3 years. And
over that time, I've had 492 instances
of my profile removed from these people
search sites, which is exactly what
Delete Me specializes in. They'll remove
your information from over 750 people
search sites, the public profiles that
show your home address, phone number,
age, family members, and all of this to
anybody who just Googles your name. And
guys, this is the exact data that these
scammers need to make these voice clone
scams feel so real. And perhaps most
importantly, delete me will continually
ensure that your data stays removed
because new people search sites
constantly pop up. And alarmingly, just
3 seconds of audio is enough to produce
a voice clone with an 85% voice match to
the original. And you guys know I've
been banging the drum on AI. And while
it will do many great things, it's also
going to enable some not so great
things. So, in my eyes, it's never been
more important to do what you can to
protect yourself and your family. and my
most recent delete me report, they
reviewed over 3,000 listings and removed
my information from six of them. And
based on the research time and the
calling, they saved me over 160 hours.
And Delete Me is an American company.
This is all they do. Their Trustpilot
reviews are awesome, and you can extend
it to cover your family at a discount.
So, if you'd like to support
Electrified, you can head to
joindeleteme.com/electrified
to get 20% off using my code electrified
linked below or by using the QR code on
the screen. It's a confounding time for
Tesla's autonomy right now. The robo
taxi situation feels stalled out. But on
the supervised side, we have a lot of
good things going on. Joe Anderson said
he's proud to announce he's driven
through all 48 contiguous US states plus
DC in his Model Y on 14.3.2. too. Over
7,200 m across 9 days and FSD drove
every mile. The official Tesla account
said, "Nicely done. Congratulations."
And of course, thanks to David, Devon,
and Spencer, they went coast to coast on
FSD in Canada. Over 3,700 miles on 14.3
with zero disengagements of any kind.
And maybe it's an algorithm thing, but
as of late, I have seen more posts like
this than I ever have. Regular people
outside the Tesla bubble praising
Tesla's FSD. The head of research at
Silicon Data said, "Self-driving has
been quietly completely solved with
steady daily improvements." Frank
Theland said, "I was able to test FSD in
Germany. We drove for almost an hour
through villages, over country roads,
and highways. Everything ran perfectly.
There have been some absurd videos of
FSD in China going viral over there.
And believe it or not, This clip was a
separate video.
There was 7 minutes of FSD reversing on
that cliff. Now, why? I can't tell you,
but Chinese FSD testers take it to a new
level. And if you missed it, Tesla's FSD
is now approved in the Netherlands,
Lithuania, and Estonia across the EU.
And I'm finally ready to share a bit
about my experience with 14.3.
And I have to say, I'm not sure what
Elon was talking about when he called it
a banger, because for me, it really
hasn't been great. Of course, overall,
it's very safe and very capable. That
should go without saying, but it's still
quite jittery in my experience. I'm
still getting these micro braking events
where if I had passengers in the car, it
would certainly make them uncomfortable
just because it's so unexpected. It just
feels jumpy. Beyond that, the navigation
in my area is as bad as it's ever been.
I'm asking why it's making certain
decisions almost on every drive. And I'm
guessing many of you would agree, but
the parking behavior in my experience
has been quite poor. it has parked way
too far away from the actual location
entered in the destination now multiple
times to the point where it's parked in
an entirely different parking lot. So
look, I'll give them grace here. As I
said, they rewrote the compiler and the
runtime from the ground up. So I think a
few steps back would be fair given what
they did, but going forward, I'm really
hoping to see these things improved
sooner rather than later. And I hate to
say it, but I feel like Elon's
credibility for touting these upcoming
models is as low as it's ever been. And
as I always say, we can see different
performance in different geographies. So
maybe where I'm at, it's just a worse
experience for me. But in my experience,
14.3 has been very far from a banger.
And again, don't misunderstand me. I'm
not saying it's not safe. I'm just
saying there's a lot to work on and a
lot to refine. And don't forget, we're
now into June, which means hardware 3
owners should be expecting a version 14
light sometime this month if Tesla
delivers on time. Australia's Sarra
Resources said today Tesla has withdrawn
a notice of intent to end their graphite
supply deal over an alleged quality
default, accepting that the minor is now
producing conforming samples. Tesla
issued a default notice in July 2025,
citing conformity issues with the active
anode material samples delivered from
the Vidalia facility, which is one of
the only large-scale producers of anode
materials outside of China. But Sarra
said Tesla now accepts the minor has
demonstrated it is producing conforming
samples and has made sufficient
progress. And if you saw my interview
with Iola, you will know why it's so
important for Tesla to have as many
suppliers outside of China for these
anode materials as possible. There's a
lot of reporting right now about Tesla
sales across Europe and how they're
surging. Tesla sales in Portugal were up
nearly 350% for May from 1 year ago. And
more importantly, January through May,
Tesla sales were up 58%, outpacing a 33%
increase in all electric car sales. And
registration data for the month of May
shows Tesla had an increase of 71% in
Sweden, 136% in Denmark, 113% in Spain,
29% in Norway, and 655%
in France. So, on one hand, we still
have the low comps from 2025 because of
the change over to the new Model Y and
the new Model 3. So, keep that in mind.
But we do clearly finally have some
uptick in Tesla sales across the EU. And
it should be no surprise there's a
reason Giga Berlin is expanding its
output capacity. And as we've been
saying, a broader rollout of supervised
FSD across the EU later this year should
only accelerate these numbers. And
further, the Model Y was Denmark's
bestselling vehicle for May. And for the
month, Tesla sales in Denmark were up
136% year-over-year. And in Canada,
Tesla has already accounted for more
than 10% of the country's quota for
Chinese-built EVs in the first
allocation window. A total of just over
2900 EVs have been imported into Canada
from China under the newly introduced
quota system and nearly all of those are
Model 3s produced at Giga Shanghai. The
current quota window allows automakers
to import up to 24,500 Chinese-built EVs
between the launch of the program and
August 31st this year. So based on those
numbers, Tesla already used about 12% of
the available allocation. On LinkedIn,
Matt Mlen said, "For the last two weeks,
Covenant has been testing the
capabilities of the Tesla Semi with one
of our larger customers in California."
He said, "Running this route, which they
call the Grapevine, with a loaded
trailer is about as demanding a
realworld test as you could design for
any truck. Running northbound, losing
momentum on a steep grade with a heavy
load can be stressful as speed drops
fast and recovering on that grade is
challenging. Running southbound requires
attention to braking and heat
management, which isn't a problem for an
EV when you've got regenerative braking
doing most of the work. The Grapevine
can be stressful even for the most
experienced drivers. Ours was amazed at
the performance of the Tesla Semi and
felt a level of confidence that was hard
to match in a diesel truck. Summary
coming soon. BYD just announced a new
policy offering a double guarantee for
its advanced driving systems. This new
policy is the first by any major
automaker to effectively remove
liability from the customer or the
driver. Under this new policy, the car
maker is offering comprehensive coverage
for its God's Eye technology. In short,
it means BYD pays for and covers any
damages incurred while God's Eye is
engaged, their autonomous driving
system, and the coverage is valid for
one year. BYD does say that while it
will completely cover any damage to the
vehicle, third parties, or even
injuries, the systems must have been in
use in accordance with the proper
regulations and traffic rules. So, if an
accident occurs while the customer is
using God's Eye and they're doing so
properly, BYD will cover all losses with
no cap for the owner's vehicle repairs,
third-party property damage, and
personal injury liabilities. and it's
said to not raise the owner's regular
commercial insurance for the following
year either. Part of the reason this is
a big deal is because July of last year,
BYD added a guarantee like this for
automatic parking. And when that
happened, they said usage went from
about 21% up to over 90%. It's a pretty
interesting move because God's Eye is
still technically a level two system.
We've known all along at some point this
shift was coming. automakers are going
to have to take responsibility for their
own autonomous driving systems. It's
just now BYYD is one of the first to do
it. SpaceX filed an amended S1 today and
we learned that SpaceX reserved up to 5%
of stock to be sold to certain employees
and persons in a direct share program.
And this was the mechanism we were
hoping would be reserved for Tesla
shareholders, but not to be the case.
Fun fact, only two tech companies,
Facebook and Alibaba, have been valued
at even a hundred billion dollars after
their first day of trading on US
exchanges, which really puts this SpaceX
IPO into perspective. But through direct
share programs, companies can set aside
a certain portion of the offering to
employees, customers, and even friends.
And SpaceX will select those based on
the discretion of their executive
officers. and that stock going to this
group of people would not be subject to
lock up restrictions. On one hand, it's
good to see SpaceX doing something for
the little guy, meaning anybody but the
big banks. But on the other hand, many
will be disappointed because we wanted
this mechanism for Tesla shareholders.
And in the amended S1, SpaceX said, "We
may issue a significant amount of equity
in connection with future transactions."
Naturally, everybody's speculating
that's intended for the potential merger
with Tesla. And SE Robinson said Witt
LLC, a purchasing company that shares
the physical address of XAI in PaloAlto,
is buying over 3,100 acres in Grimes
County, Texas. And this is right ahead
of a public hearing that is scheduled
for June 3rd. And the name of the
property owner for this tax abatement
session is SpaceX. And this location
will be at the Gibbons Creek Reservoir
and surrounding areas. And right here,
this will be for construction of a
multi-phase next-gen vertically
integrated semiconductor manufacturing
and advanced computing fab facility.
Estimated capital investment for the
initial phases is $55 billion with an
estimated total capital investment if
additional phases are constructed of
$119 billion. Aka, this is the land for
the Terraab. And on a map, this is the
Gibbons Creek Reservoir. So, it would be
just over a 2-hour drive from Giga
Texas. So, this is how Elon buys land.
He has these technes
with his companies, in this case, XAI.
And this Wittech LLC is buying land
right now in the area where SpaceX has
formally applied to build the Terraab.
And as Essie Robinson said, James
Burnham, who's XAI's general counsel,
has indeed signed on the dotted line for
WhipTech. So yes, Elon is aggressively
buying land just outside of Austin for
the Terraab, and they still have to have
meetings and hearings, and it's not a
done deal yet, but this does seem to be
the location that Elon has chosen. Sam
Alman said OpenAI Robotics is now hiring
as they'll be looking to program and
manufacture robots that are useful for
society. In the short term, we're
focused on robots to support skilled
workers to build our future
infrastructure. In the long term, we
imagine everyone having a personal robot
doing anything they need. You may
remember in 2024, Open AAI invested in
Figure. And further they signed a
partnership of sorts where open AAI
would develop models aka the brain for
figure robots. Then about one year
later, Figure said they're ending that
partnership with Open AI for the brain
because Figure had a major breakthrough
and they wanted to do that AI training
inhouse. At that point, OpenAI stayed an
investor in Figure, but they were no
longer going to supply models for the
Figure robots. And it was at that time
where Figure first set up its initial
robotics lab. And now OpenAI has been
doing a lot of data collection and some
tea operation with hands, but as far as
we know, there's no actual fullon
humanoid prototype from OpenAI yet.
Maybe they have something behind the
scenes, but it's yet to be revealed. So,
obviously, embodied AI is arguably the
biggest TAM out there. However,
manufacturing a humanoid is potentially
one of the most difficult engineering
challenges out there at the moment. I'm
guessing there will be partnerships
since OpenAI has no manufacturing
experience to date. And that's because
in January of this year, OpenAI put out
an RFP, a request for proposals to look
for humanoid manufacturing companies in
the US. meaning they want partners for
all of the stuff, the gearboxes, the
actuators, the motors, and so on. So,
they may be well behind at this stage,
but this is going to be a very long game
playing out over decades. And again,
given the TAM of this market, we should
expect other players to try to do the
same. Tesla stock closed the day at
$415.88,
down 4.57%,
while the NDX was up6%.
The volume was 19% below the average.
Don't forget, check out delete me linked
below for those interested. I really do
think the value is off the charts in a
world where sadly AI scammers are going
to proliferate. Hope you all have a
wonderful day and a huge thank you to
all of my Patreon supporters.