Channel:     brighterwithherbert
Title:       Tesla Robotaxi May Be Nearing Its Inflection Point! Here’s Why
URL:         https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MN7Blq99yck
Published:   2026-06-13 13:30 UTC
Fetched:     2026-06-13 14:00 UTC

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

With SpaceX now a public company, it's
very possible Tesla robo taxi will begin
its ramp. Still slow at first, but soon
gaining speed. First, on Wednesday,
Belgium announced they've approved FSE
supervised with Denmark's approval just
a few days prior. That makes it five
countries in Europe, about 11% of all
European countries. Second, in a new
note, Alex Potter of Piper Sandler said
he believes Tesla has already achieved
level four autonomy in most conditions.
He wrote, quote, "Tesla has solved the
self-driving puzzle and that FSD is
ready for dissemination beyond early
adopters. This comes as Tesla's global
fleet just crossed 11 billion miles
driven on FSE supervised, a whole extra
billion from just a month ago." Third,
parking lots in Dallas and Houston
continue to have fleets of parked cyber
caps just sitting there. Fourth, Chinese
automaker BYD just recorded its eighth
straight month of sales declines in
China with a 30% drop since the start of
the year. Gil, Xiaomi, and Tesla are the
top three in sales in April. Finally,
two new reports show that a Tesla is
twice as likely to reach 250,000 m as a
Subaru. And the 2026 Tesla Model 3
rearwheel drive has come out as the most
efficient vehicle in real world tests.
We got Brian White joining us today. He
is one of our only true Tesla
journalists. Check out his YouTube
channel, Futurazza, for exclusive Check
out his YouTube channel, Futurazza, for
exclusive on the ground factory tours
and interviews. Welcome, Brian.
&gt;&gt; Great to be here. What a bunch of uh
fantastic stories. Uh some of these came
as a surprise to me, especially the
Subaru one, but we'll get into it.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. uh FSD and robo taxi are the most
important that we're following and I
think that with SpaceX now a public
company I have a suspicion maybe
something will happen this weekend so we
are seeing a number of robo taxis being
added almost 10 a day to the being
registered at um Texas by the DMV but
this is the latest news FSD in Belgium
the approval has been done by the
ministry of transport of Flanders. But
as as you can see in the second
paragraph, the approval is for the whole
Belgian territory. So according to Kee,
he told me that there's two territories
in Belgium and they sometimes don't do
what each other wants. But in this case,
they both agreed Belgium has efficially
said, look at this. The Tesla community
has been keeping a close eye on this for
quite some time. Regarding the approval
for FSE technology on both our Flemish
and Belgian roads in appreciation of
your unwavering interest, you get the
scoop here. I just signed the approval.
And uh this is the her letter that she
signed. And uh just a few days ago, Elon
announced FSA approved in Denmark and so
did Tesla Europe. So now as of Belgium
and Denmark added in just uh very quick
succession here we've got now five
countries Belgium, Netherlands, Denmark,
Lithuania, and Estonia. And I mean
they're tiny countries, but 11% of all
European countries have now approved FSE
supervised. What do you think, Brian?
&gt;&gt; Oh, probably nothing. Look, we've been
trying to explain this to our
international friends for many years
now. When the Germans came out for the
Tesla summer meetup in Michigan last
year, not this year, but the year before
in 25, they were saying to me, "You
don't understand. We can see things
being here visiting the US that the rest
of the world can't see, that Europe
can't see. We're getting to borrow cars,
rent cars, ride in cars that have the
latest FSD." And what we're hearing in
the in the media in Europe is, "Well, it
doesn't work." Wales, we go on X and we
see, you know, only the goofs because
the goofs are the only part that's
interesting. We can see it in action for
ourselves and Europe doesn't know about
this. So, from the consumer side, I'm
not saying everybody's going to go out
and buy one because it can drive itself
supervised, but I am saying that there
are people who won't buy anything else
ever again once they have an opportunity
to see that it works. That could just be
1% or 2% extra sales at first. It might
be five or 10% extra sales, but over
time that number will continue to climb.
And as from the investor side, we're
talking we're unlocking millions of
vehicles. We, me, my tapeworm and Tesla
are unlocking uh millions of vehicles
that are eligible for an extra 99 bucks
a month of perpetual revenue. This is
very exciting. And then of course we
also get to see cyber cabs when they're
new. We get to see cyber trucks when
they're new. We get to see the semi in
ways that they can't. Those of us who
happen to be on the correct roads and
the correct places at the correct times.
So there's a lot of excitement there and
these European countries are just
finding out about it.
&gt;&gt; Which uh country in Europe do you think
is going to come next?
&gt;&gt; Spain. I think Spain was really pushing
to be the next one on the list. Mhm.
&gt;&gt; Um so and that would be it's not just
large geographically. It does have a
substantial population. That would be a
good one to get uh if they're as
aggressive as they appear to be. Um it
wouldn't surprise me to see Ireland
relatively soon as they've been working
both with the European regulators but
also with Tesla directly. So at this
point it's just a matter of dominoes.
They started falling. They're not gonna
stop.
&gt;&gt; Okay. And uh this is what Alex Potter of
Piper Sandler is saying now. I just we
interviewed him at Cyberbulls a couple
weeks ago and he is pro Tesla. He gets
Tesla really really well. But look at
what he's now saying. He is now saying
that he believes Tesla has achieved
level four autonomy in most conditions.
In his note on Wednesday, he said Tesla
has solved the self-driving puzzle. FSD
is ready for dissemination beyond early
adopters. And then of course he has his
own personal experience as he had FSE
driving him from Missoula
&gt;&gt; Missoula Montana
&gt;&gt; to Minneapolis Minnesota
&gt;&gt; in April stating there is no substitute
for personal experience 100%. This
weekend I had an opportunity to drive a
hardware 3 Model 3 158,000 miles on the
odometer. It's been a turo car for much
of its life and it's in great shape. I
wouldn't buy a gas car with 158,000
miles on it unless I plan to keep it for
3 to 6 months at most. This car is in
great shape, but it's hardware 3. They'd
had it updated to hardware 3 because
they'd bought the FSD. And the Gulf is
widening between the capabilities of
hardware 3 and hardware 4. I know you
had a chance less than six months ago to
spend some time with the hardware 3
vehicle, and you and I were both
impressed by how good it actually is.
But hardware 4 keeps getting better and
the Gulf is widening. It does great. If
we get hardware 4 light, something like
it for hardware 3 cars, uh, you know,
FSD version 14 light rather, that's
going to be huge, not just for
consumers, but also for the company,
also for investors. I've seen too many
people who've said Tesla doesn't care
about hardware 3 cars. My friend, they
do. They do times millions. There are
millions of those on the road which they
wish to unlock as revenue generating
safety machines.
&gt;&gt; What's your guess, Brian? Uh, it's now
middle of June. I think they had said
that they might get the hardware for
port FSD version 14 light for hardware 3
cars by the end of June. And
&gt;&gt; we've not heard anything.
&gt;&gt; We haven't heard anything, but I just
shook my Elon magic eightball and it
said two weeks. So,
&gt;&gt; okay.
You're dead on. Dead on, dude.
&gt;&gt; I don't know. I don't know. I believe
the statements made by Ashok, but I do
not follow the timelines of Mr. Musk.
&gt;&gt; Okay. And uh right on schedule here.
Look at this. FSD supervised has now
crossed 11 billion miles. And it was
just 10 billion a month ago. A whole
billion in one month. Tesla owners are
collectively driving 1 billion FSE miles
every 37 days. With now more European
countries getting FSE supervised
approval, Tesla's fleet in general
growing every day. The average daily FSE
miles is growing quickly. And of course
the other metric there is percentage of
use and uh I'm sure you're using it over
90%, I am using it over 90%. I think
people once they start using it, they
gravitate to using it almost all the
time. Mhm.
&gt;&gt; I've used it so much that I'm at 98% and
I do not see a path to 99% or 97. Uh
because it's a big we're talking big
numbers now. Um I don't know 8 9,000
miles I've driven on FSD. It's a lot.
And uh that bill that 11 billion I'm not
impressed because I think half of it's
David Moss uh and without him
&gt;&gt; one guy
&gt;&gt; one just David just the whole the whole
you can see the sliver of the pie chart
we tease of course but people are using
this and you could argue that miles like
David logs are not as useful because
they're almost all highway. Yes, but
then it gets off the highway and it goes
to a charger and it selects a spot and
it backs into it without instruction,
without nudge, without repositioning. It
just does it. And it does that over and
over again. The only times I'm
disengaging is for parking preference
because or if I genuinely don't know
where I want to go, but even then
sometimes I'll just turn it on and it
says there's no destination, but you got
it buddy and away we go. It's kind of
interesting to see where it takes you.
Yeah, you I think they still do need the
10 billion, 11 billion, right? More to
get the edge cases. Uh but they're
getting the miles they need. That's the
key thing. Um Roboaxi,
&gt;&gt; we just we can just see it's working.
And Robo Taxi, perfect segue.
&gt;&gt; Let's talk root taxi. Now, we're filming
this on a Wednesday. Uh this will be
published on a Friday. And it is old
news. Now, by the time I mention this,
it'll be old news because it looks like
every single day they've been adding 10
at least 10 cars
&gt;&gt; are being registered. And this is real
registrations, by the way. This is uh
registered with the Texas DMV. So, now
they're saying that there's actually 69
vehicles in Texas. Nice. Of course,
funny number, but it's gone up by 10 and
it's going up really quickly as we're
moving forward. There are more and more
cyber caps specifically being found
parked. Something as big as brewing.
Look at these photos here. This is from
Trash Panda uh in North Houston, Texas.
And then this is the second photo. You
can see all these cyber cabs just parked
there.
&gt;&gt; And of course, they're being driven
around too. And this is Dallas. Look at
this photo from Dallas. Um they're just
accumulating. What's going on?
So when you see troops amassing at your
border, if you think nothing's going on,
I would ask you to study any amount of
history. This is a big deal. They're not
doing this for fun or for clout or for,
you know, just in case. They're doing
this because they have a plan. The fact
that they haven't told us that plan
doesn't mean it doesn't exist. They will
absolutely be rolling these out as soon
as they believe it is. definitely safe
to do so. Sandy Monroe did an interview
with Will from Tesla Jigsaw over the
weekend in which Sandy was uh his usual
spicy self, but one of the things he
said is, "Look, it's already safer. Why
are you holding it back?" Uh, and he's
not addressing Tesla, he's addressing
regulators specifically in Europe,
saying it is a safer system. How will
there be zero deaths? No, I don't think
that's, you know, a tree can fall, a
road can wash out ahead of you. There
are too many variables. Life is
unpredictable, but uh unless of course
what you're trying to predict is
bureaucracy, in which case the red tape
factories running at full speed. You
know, that's a very good point. I think
we're at this point now. We just on a
few days ago presented data that showed
that in Denmark, right? Because this is
European roads, right? You can say hey I
know you're testing it in US but you
guys have highways you have different
system there we don't know if it's safer
here in our roads Denmark has had it for
4 months and they showed that FSD
supervised is three and a half times
safer than human and all these you know
key metrics of uh less hard breaking
less hard turns all those things so
they've got real data now and so you
know if you're the regulator in Europe
and your goal is to protect you know to
protect your public, your citizens,
every day you delay approving something
this, you're actually killing them. So,
&gt;&gt; and isn't that reality?
&gt;&gt; Isn't that the reality? We can look at
it with other automobile safety
regulations. When seat belts became uh
were introduced, deaths went down. When
they became mandatory, deaths went down.
When they went to a three-point harness
instead of just a lap belt, you can
watch all of these improvements. Airbags
do save lives. Uh mostly what they save
is you know traumatic head injuries but
um that is saving lives to a lesser
degree and uh this is just the next
logical iteration. Backup cameras are
mandatory because people would not just
cause property damage but run over
children back over a little kid on a
bike who darted out. Your car shouldn't
be doing that. And with all the added
safety, when I am driving in full meat
operation, I feel blind. I feel like I
don't know what's in my blind spots
because I don't know what's in my blind
spots because I can't know. I don't have
eyes on the back of my head. That's
something only mothers did. Apparently,
&gt;&gt; my mothers do. If you're not a mother,
you don't have it. But this is efficacy
supervised. So, we're not yet talking
about robo taxi. They're just talking.
&gt;&gt; No,
&gt;&gt; you've got this extra ADAS service that
helps you be safer, but you're still
driving. And in fact, in Europe, they
have additional rules, right? It's hands
ready. Not handsfree. You've got to do
this legally. You're supposed to have
your hands always ready, not just
putting it down
&gt;&gt; to touch the wheel. Do you have to touch
the wheel or just be or just
&gt;&gt; I don't think so. My understanding is
just Yes. It's got to be like this.
Okay. So, they uh approval is happening.
FS miles are moving. Robo taxi cyber
cabs are piling up. Let's go back to
vehicle sales. Uh Roland Percher has new
data or at least he's kind of looked at
it in a new way. So you guys should
follow Roland Percher at Poli. He's the
best out there. And in these countries
down below here in Europe, he does track
it very closely now because these are
the ones that share the data. That's why
he's got kind of a subset of all of
Europe. And um the difference between
May 2026 and May 2025. and he calculated
it is exactly 24,000 vehicles. So it's
not you know that's not the hard number
for all of Europe but it's a indicator
for these these uh cities or countries
anyways gives you a sense of the
difference the US data is fairly
uncertain but the Chinese data will be
released over the next few days so these
two countries are the big players that
can change the whole picture Europe is
not as big as the other two u but here
is his uh kind of just showing the
change year-over-year now I don't like
the year-over-year because of course
last year was the factory shutdown
But still you can see that almost every
country it is growing again. Why is
these countries going down Brian?
&gt;&gt; Um so it could be a a million things. It
could be seasonality. Maybe Italy has uh
more sales in the summer. Um too many to
know on the why are they going down? Um
Hungary and Turkey have both had some
political unrest. Maybe that's part of
it. Uh Switzerland, I don't know. maybe
they're too busy counting dloons. Uh so
I don't have any specific information on
those markets.
&gt;&gt; And then even more significant than the
monthly sales data is the total sales
data for the first five months of the
year. And then here he says it's 95,000.
Tesla sold a surplus of 95,000 compared
to last year. So that's significant.
It's close to 100,000.
&gt;&gt; Yes, it's uh to your point, your earlier
point, the retooling really skews this.
I have more fun comparing it to uh the
previous year to 2024 um because in a
lot of markets it's still up. You take
some of the countries like Norway,
Finland, Sweden where sales were already
so high that they can't go any higher
and then they went higher. So all uh
&gt;&gt; a lot of and you and I have discussed
this, a lot of the negativity
surrounding the brand itself has
diminished a bit. So that's helpful,
too.
&gt;&gt; Thank you, Roland, for fresh data there.
Michael Dunn, uh, he was the ex CEO of
GM Indonesia. Had him on my show many
times now, and he's pointed out that BYD
Auto is not doing well. They've recorded
their eighth straight month of sales
decline in China. And if you look at
it's like 30% drop to start the year.
And what's happening is Gily, Changen,
SIC are starting to apply pressure and
you can see also Tesla. So here you go,
30% year-over-year drop for BYYD. Um
they continue to lose sales. And here is
the latest data here. The top three cars
is a Gily and then a Xiaomi SU7. These
guys keep flipping um you know who's
ahead, Xiaomi or Model Y, but the Model
Y here. And um and again it's depending
on which month it's April so I don't
know if that's a delivery wave or
something but anyways it's these three
that are the top. See last month uh
Model Y was number one. So
&gt;&gt; well if this is April the reason Model 3
is Model Y is in third place is because
that's the big export month.
&gt;&gt; Model Y yeah routinely surges back into
first place. Um, I will tell you on BYD,
I don't know what their problems are.
They have a reasonably good product.
They have reasonably good prices. They
control the software stack. They have
great software. Um, they have extremely
exceptional charging. So, I don't know
what's causing the delays in people, you
know, the dip in sales, but China's
market is very competitive, very
aggressive. But I would have if you'd
have asked me a year ago, I' have said,
"Well, BYD will still be the one to beat
in China." So, I know on in the case of
Xiaomi, it's a very exciting brand. They
make two cars. They're both pretty darn
good-looking, pretty darn compelling,
reasonably priced. Uh, so those I
understand. The reason I don't think
Xiaomi will finish the year in first or
second place is because they lose like
five grand for every car they sell. You
can offset that with other business
lines. They have other They're a big
tech conglomerate,
but the appetite for losing $5,000 times
millions of units. You're getting into
the billions quickly. Uh we'll see what
they do. Obviously, they're going to
work on cost controls, but there's only
so much of that you can do.
&gt;&gt; I think Somi will succeed. um you know
you know that famous chart of how many
years it takes and how much loss you can
take for years until you turn it around
and get volume and they've got the
volume
&gt;&gt; and so now it's just
&gt;&gt; you know they have to work hard like
Tesla did right the model 3 production
hell they need to do this
&gt;&gt; it up
&gt;&gt; in the movie Citizen Kane they said you
realize you lost a million dollars on
this newspaper and he said yes and if I
lose a million every year I'll be out of
business in 60 years okay I mean that's
a good perspective
All right. Tesla cars though are really
good and uh people are starting to
figure it out. Here's two new reports.
The first one is Tesla even reported
themselves that Tesla's twice as likely
like likely to reach 250,000 miles as
Subaru. No engine, no oil changes, no
timing chains, no fuel injectors, far
fewer moving parts overall.
You might have made is that a big bet to
say, "Hey, if I don't have money parts,
it's less likely to break." And this is
a full report here. Japanese brands
dominated expected, but there's an
electric interloper crashing the
durability party is the title. Toyota
and Lexus are crowned kings of long-term
durability in a new study. Together with
Honda and Acura, they're most likely to
reach 250,000 miles. Tesla rank
surprisingly high, finishing ahead of
Mazda, Subaru, and Porsche. I wonder why
you think it's surprisingly high.
&gt;&gt; Right. So, I have not seen many cars in
my life that have over 250,000 miles. If
you go on Autotrader, you can filter by
mileage and you can look nationwide for
only cars with over and I don't remember
what the highest tier is, but I want to
say 150,000 is the highest tier that
they have. And when you search, you'll
find only a few dozen cars nationwide
are for sale in that range. Part of it
is because the people who own them have
already long ago committed to driving
them until they will not drive anymore.
But even among people I know, the
highest mileage cars I've seen among
friends outside of electric vehicles
would be maybe a maybe three or four
people I knew that were over 200,000 on
a particular vehicle. And the amount of
work it took to keep them running as
long as they did was pretty outrageous.
You know, some of them would have
rebuilt motors. So in a Tesla, you don't
have the parts, but that's true of the
other electric brands. Maybe they are
just as durable and they don't have
enough track record yet to have found
that many cars. Takes time to get those
kind of numbers in. But it doesn't
surprise me because like I said earlier
in the show, I drove a car with 158,000
miles last weekend and it felt great. It
felt like if if you didn't look at the
odometer, if you didn't see the chrome
uh trim, you wouldn't know how old the
car was. You'd say, I don't know, two
years, three. It feels more solid than
most rental cars with 10,000 m on it.
So, not surprised.
&gt;&gt; I was trying to read the article to find
actual, you know, details of how they
did this. Couldn't find any. I mean,
it's a study by IC cars. I've heard of
them before.
&gt;&gt; Mhm.
&gt;&gt; 174 million vehicles. It sounds like
that's a pretty decent number.
And um but I don't understand how Tesla
would be sixth place.
Oh,
&gt;&gt; because they they themselves say given
the endless online debates about battery
degradation, replacement costs, that's a
result you probably weren't expecting.
&gt;&gt; Sure.
&gt;&gt; In hindsight, it shouldn't be shocking.
Electric vehicles have their own
challenges, but they also eliminate a
long list of components. So, this should
be the most likely car to sit well past
250.
&gt;&gt; Sure. So, I'll tell you I'll tell you
the reason it's as low as it is is
because it hasn't existed long enough
for a meaningful number of them to have
hit 250,000
in a car. You your gas motor, your gas
engine is full of gaskets. And if any of
those gaskets go out, which they will
eventually, you could suffer
catastrophic failure before you know
that it has gone out. On a Tesla, you
have very few gaskets, very few points
of connection for uh to hold liquid
back. And really the only failure I
could see is maybe the battery coolant.
Uh that loop is compromised and it
drains out. That car will not charge or
operate without that fluid. You will not
suffer catastrophic failure. What you'll
do is tow it to a shop, have the gasket
replaced, and the car refilled with
coolant and you're back on your way. So,
uh, a lot of things that happen with a
dino burner are instantly catastrophic.
No matter how small they may seem, you
don't get that.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, it would be nice to find the
details of this because it doesn't make
sense. It's Tesla will be number one. No
doubt about it. Just don't have any
parts.
&gt;&gt; Sixth best in the entire world, I think,
is pretty reasonable. Uh, I for a
company as new as they are, for a
company that's a hundred years newer
than many they're competing against, I
think that's all right.
&gt;&gt; No, it doesn't make sense. No parts,
very little parts, you're going to lose
250,000 miles. And then until you have a
smoking gun, which everybody thinks was
battery, and it's not. The real data
shows that you only lose 1% degradation
per year. So in 10 years, 12 years, 15
years, you've got 15% less battery.
That's about it. Nothing bad. You don't
have to replace those batteries as you
think it is. Uh gas cars have too many
parts. I've owned many gas cars. I'm
very tired of sub service.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, I'm tired of fuel pumps. I'm tired
of uh water pumps. I'm tired of timing
chains
&gt;&gt; for the birds. And really what I'm tired
of is uh taking a half a day off work to
deal with an oil change because sure the
oil it only takes a half hour, 45
minutes, but there's two cars ahead of
you now. It's a whole afternoon. Forget
it. Oh, so glad I don't have to do that.
Okay. 2026 Tesla Model 3 rear wheel
drive is the most efficient EV that
Edmonds has tested that is currently in
production. There you go. And as
realworld testing, an EPA range estimate
of 363 mi, but our test car traveled 393
mi on a full charge. That's 30 mi
farther than its official figure or an
8.3% improvement. The more impressive
figure is how little energy it used to
get there. The EPA rates the Model 3 R.
R WD at 25 kwatt hours per 100 miles or
4 m per kilowatt hour. In our testing,
it returned 21.7 kwatt hours per 100
miles, making it 13% more efficient. Um,
the latest car feels quick, quick,
quiet, and easy to drive with responsive
steering and useful cargo space. Also
found the cabin to be better finished
before. The Model 3 are we rear wheel
drive is an unusually efficient vehicle.
is the efficiency champ in a real world
range test.
&gt;&gt; As you know, that's the car that we got.
That's my son's car. Except in red, you
know that.
&gt;&gt; Yours is not a rear wheel drive.
Harvard. I went we went for we don't
need the power. We don't need the
traction. What we need is the
efficiency. So, we did the 18-in wheels
with the uh rear wheel drive only. And
as you'll recall, I took it out for an
overnight test drive. I said, I give it
to me at 100%. I need to really really
test it. We drove 4 hours. We drove an
hour down for for dinner. We drove two
hours home. We drove an hour back to the
service center and we dropped it off at
the showroom with 27% state of charge
remaining after 4 hours. If you look at
my lifetime real real world efficiency
on this exact car, I am doing better
than the EPA stated 250 W hours per mile
despite the fact that a considerable
percentage of that has been done at 80 m
an hour or more because again it's our
road trip car. That's what the speed
limit is in a lot of places. If you're
going to get a big range hit, that's
where it's going to happen is at high
speeds. uh and you know the maximum wind
resistance. This car is very efficient.
James Stevenson had been hovering at a
lifetime on his old Model 3 of about 208
watt hours per mile because he doesn't
take the freeway very often. So when the
cyber cab engineers said 5.5 miles per
kilowatt, I said really? Are you sure?
They said that's what we're allowed to
say. And now we've got the new numbers
and of course it's more efficient
because how could it not be? Tesla's
been working on this. And could you make
a more efficient vehicle? Yes. But at a
tremendous cost increase, this strikes
to me the perfect balance because it's a
very affordable car and it gets
fantastic range.
&gt;&gt; All right, Brian. So, just wait. I'm
going to give you a summary of the theme
of today's show.
&gt;&gt; You're going to be shocked at how good
this is.
&gt;&gt; It's really good. It's a really good
summary. Okay. What we're watching
happening in front of our eyes is
regulators and third parties realizing
the benefits of a Tesla. So you've got,
you know, admins, you've got IC car
showing that this is the most efficient
car and has the less least likely to to
have an issue over 250,000 miles. You've
got regulators in Europe, Belgium,
Denmark, four other countries approving
full self-driving, saying to you that
yes, full self-driving supervised is
more is actually, you know, safer than
human. You've got Piper Sandler coming
out saying that Tesla solved
self-driving. It's done.
And you've got 11 billion miles driven
and FS supervised. You got robo taxis
and cyber cabs everywhere. So soon we
will see more and more third parties
realizing what you and I and everyone
watching this have known for so long.
It's starting to happen. People are
realizing that this is true. Better cars
they can drive themselves. What more
could you ask for? You all right buddy?
Check out Futurazza.
That's what you should check out. See
you soon. Bye. I've created a website
that is the most comprehensive resource
for the Tesla investor. Please check it
out. Simply go to my website at
herbalm.com.