Channel:     futureaza
Title:       Tesla Just Put Uber’s Entire Future In Question
URL:         https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nOgFopvsi7k
Published:   2026-08-14 12:00 UTC
Fetched:     2026-08-14 13:00 UTC

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

FSD, robo taxi, you name it. It's
sweeping the nation, the world, even.
Autonomy is here, and it is here to
stay. Once you've tried it, you know
what I'm talking about. It's just that
good. Some people have some pretty crazy
ideas. We're going to go in and look at
some of those. When I say we, I mean
Herbert from Brighter is joining me
because if there's [music] anyone who
follows autonomy closer than me, it
might be Herbert. We'll find out. I'm
Brian. Welcome to Futurasa.
[singing]
Herbert, so good to have you back. Back
in town even. I mean, your trip wasn't
that long ago and now I'm leaving.
[clears throat and cough] What in the
heck is going on? We got a few more
videos before I leave town, but uh we're
going to have some fun. Hey, uh you ever
heard of a little company called uh
Uber? Because Gary Black thinks that
Uber, not Tesla, not Whimo, has the best
shot at bringing robo taxes taxis to the
masses. This is August 7th we're talking
here. Uh Gary Black of Future Fund LLC
has backed ride hailing giant Uber as
his pick to lead the autonomous ride
hailing market ahead of the likes of
Alphabet and uh and Tesla. So uh yeah uh
quick question what I guess is my
question.
&gt;&gt; Sure. [laughter]
Oh, it's a very I many of us in Tesla
and side of course who have experienced
FSE who tried it oursel daily believe
that this is uh the winner. You know,
I've I've seen what Gary Black is saying
out there. He says he used to own a
model Y or a one of the Teslas and he
tested FZ himself. He thinks that it'll
take years and years and years before
you get the final uh edge cases
completed. So that's his philosophy. He
doesn't think that Tesla will do them.
On the other hand, this is the dichotomy
of his logic. Tesla will take years and
years and years. All the other car
autonomous companies will catch up. It
will be a commodity and then they will
all somehow solve this years and years
and years worth of crossing all these
things. So you see the logic there. But
so the idea why Uber might be on winning
it is because if it is true and it will
be at some point in the far future many
many vendors will be able to offer an
equivalent autonomous experience. All
cars will now be able to self-drive.
Now, if that's the case, there's the
logic, right? You need one place
supposedly because you can't download
multiple apps supposedly and you
[laughter] you can now order a car and
you will be served up any car that's
available and they all uh they're out
there. That's why it will work. Never
mind that Uber him themselves don't have
their own autonomous technology because
they tried they failed they had to dump
that division and so now their strategy
is to partner with 20 plus autonomous
vehicle vehicles uh vendors of which no
one has proven that they can go beyond
pilot phase and yet he still believes
that remember he said 6 months after
robo taxi launches others will copy it
too well we're now over a year now whimo
Well, guess what's happened to Whimo
Uber? They have had a fight. They have a
blowup. They've now separated. Uh they
haven't announced exactly, but it's very
clear what's happening when you have
executives from one company and the
other executives fighting each other
already. They've already pulled apart.
So, Whimo has what 10 cities that
they're active in and they have in some
of those cities, you would download the
Whimo app and order a Whimo through that
route. In other cities like Austin for
example, you would download the Uber app
and then you would order a car and
whenever there is a Whimo available,
they might offer to you. But because
they don't have that many Whimos, the
experience for a person, a consumer, a
rider would be order something and you
don't get a Whimo because it's not
available. You still have a car
available to come to you, right? So
occasionally you'll get the autonomous
vehicle. If that was so successful and
therefore it works so well in Austin,
why wouldn't Whimo now choose to do that
for every city that they launch? In
fact, they went the opposite way because
they don't need it. People download the
Whimo app, they order the Whimo app,
they get the Whimo car. So they had a
fight and and apparently what Uber is
supposed to provide all of the other
services around to to help support
autonomous vehicles. One of which was
they're the ones that does the the kind
of the the mapping of knowing where the
cars were. Whimos blaming Uber for being
the reason why as you've seen um huge
just massive
um on the news hundreds of Whimos being
stuck not knowing where to go. They they
point to each other whose fault that was
and not just Whimo's fault. So yeah, I
have zero zero zero belief that Uber
Uber will survive this in any way at
all. But um that seems to be some a lot
of investors still believe that that is
the path. We'll see what happens.
&gt;&gt; I'm with you 100%. If you've got five
cars or 10 or even 50 cars out there, it
makes sense to partner with someone who
has already the customer base. But once
you reach critical mass, you no longer
require that service. That doesn't make
sense. Uh if you have one apartment
building, you might need to hire a
company to come in and do your
groundskeeping. If you own 20 or 30
apartment complexes, you probably have
your own grounds crew because it's so
much cheaper. What is Uber doing other
than taking a cut?
Nothing. I mean, really nothing. Uh
maybe helping someone find a lost phone.
That's not worth giving away a
substantial percentage of the revenue.
So, I don't understand where Gary Black
is coming from. And in terms of people
not wanting to have two apps, I think
what I hear him saying is I don't want
to have two apps because anyone who does
any substantial amount of ride sharing
already has at least two apps. Uh so uh
and if you're going to travel the world
in most countries, you don't use Uber.
You use a local service uh that has a
different name. And if the software is
that complicated, how is it that it's
able to be replicated in every country?
It's not complicated.
&gt;&gt; The the Uber CEO Darra, he he came from
Expedia and his pitch has been that well
look at what happened to Expedia, right?
So you have a you have this aggregator
Expedia that you know all hotels have
their own website. You can order a hotel
from a room directly from a hotel
website. But people prefer an aggregator
to select when everything is more of
like a more or less a commodity and then
they can get lower prices because of
unused, you know, inventory. That's his
reasoning of why he thinks that Uber
will have a place. The problem is how
many cars will his 20 partners have?
Your most is Whimo, which you just lost,
but let's assume you still have them.
You have 3,000 cars. Then you have all
the others that have hundreds. zuks
hundreds less and they're very very
specific. So it will take years before
we we haven't heard a single one of
these autonomous vehicle partners
actually announced that they have you
know we're going to make millions of
cars like Tesla has. So by that point,
Tesla will have all the advantages.
Lowest cost, number one. That's the
number one thing. The most volume, most
cars, that's the number two thing. And
then all the other cool things, right?
Like being able to have 4K TV,
everything's going to come with
satellite. You you come in and it's just
the experience is going to be so much
better uh all around. Those are the top
issues that people want. And so how do
you compete with that when one vendor
has just so much better? If if Tesla
couldn't um saturate a market then
that's an issue. But if Tesla can
actually replicate Uber then there might
be a scenario where you'll have an Uber
and you'll have a Lyft. Guess what
happened in Uber andyft? Uftyft has 15%
of the market. Uber is 85%. Despite them
competitive having the same, you know,
offer pretty well. Maybe one has a
little bit less cars, but still just
can't get past the 15% because you have
a brand that has won the space. So, I
don't know why isn't there, you know,
Uber, they think that their marketplace,
but why isn't there a marketplace for
Uber, Lyft, and all the other rideill
companies? Why isn't there one like
that?
&gt;&gt; It's a fine question, and I do not have
an answer. But I will tell you one thing
I know about Whimo is that their their
co-CEOs are rockstar geniuses because
Whimo CEO says camera only self-driving
systems can't support fully autonomous
driving systems. And after testing
multiple robo taxis I have to agree,
says Leon Py. Yes, Whimo co-CEO Dmitri
Dolgo laid out reasons why LAR and radar
are equipped. Uh yeah, camera only
systems can only approximately match a
human driver.
Disagree. I mean, I do not have 360
vision, and that's really where I need
it. Knowing with absolute certainty what
is in my blind spot at every moment is
tremendously helpful. Knowing what's in
front and back, that's a little easier.
But while he didn't mention Tesla
directly in his in-depth talk at Y
Combinator startup school, the
presentation directly addressed vision
only camera setups like those Elon and
Tesla have been pursuing. I mean, humans
can drive with eyes, so there's proof of
existence. If the goal were to just
approximately match human performance or
to build an assist product, that's a
very reasonable way to go. But weak
sensing inevitably leads to a safety
curve that flattens out way too early. I
I guess my question is similar to the
previous article. What? [laughter]
&gt;&gt; Well, it's pretty obvious, dude. He's
the CEO of Whimo. And so he has to say
this thing until one day he comes out
and says, "Oh, guess what?
&gt;&gt; We've invented a new system that makes
&gt;&gt; our system is better. We figured out how
to solve it in camera only." How do we
know that he's going to say that one
day? because his own research team has
already published papers saying that
neural net only plus cameras only uh has
been very very effective. So this is
just a bias sometime communicate out
there that you need ladder. Scare the
crap out of him because he knows that
Tesla is about to launch. Launch big.
It's going to be a huge competitor very
soon. He needs to scare everybody
saying, "Hey, don't trust those vision
only cameras. We got to have all these
sensors. That's why we're doing the
sensors. It's important." When his own
research team has basically published
reports, I I can't believe we're still
talking LAR versus vision today. I
thought this was done. This is this is
absolutely done at this point. I mean,
but no, apparently not. I mean, just the
proof is in the pudding when you've got,
&gt;&gt; you know, all these Tesla's already got
uh, you know, hundreds and hundreds of
cars out there on Robo Taxi doing
exactly what uh, Cyber Cap or Whimo's
doing with less problems. If he was able
to show an exactly what exactly thing
show you know give us an example of this
specific thing like accidents on the
highway our whimos with the lawyers was
able to save us this many accidents on
our way or whatever does compared to
Tesla because they have vision only can
you do that no it's just a generic thing
that they will not we will be much safer
at the margin lines well where's your
data
&gt;&gt; yeah where's your data um the problems
I've seen with both robo taxi and with
uh with Whimo is that uh it's not a lack
of perception, it's a lack of decision.
Uh your compute is still the
intelligence is missing. Yeah. I mean
we've seen Whimos rubbing liar before.
If you can't see if that's ridiculous.
That's like uh you know a two cyclopses
rubbing eyeballs. I don't know what
they're doing and frankly it's beyond my
pay grade.
&gt;&gt; What do you mean by rubbing lidar?
&gt;&gt; They bonked into each other in a road in
San Francisco and their lidars were
touching.
&gt;&gt; Okay.
&gt;&gt; What are you doing? How did you do that?
&gt;&gt; I I don't know the answer and frankly
I'm not uh accustomed to their mating
ritual sufficiently to make [laughter]
that determination. But uh yeah, the
these systems are bulky, expensive,
complicated, confusing, and power-
hungry. uh I am not convinced that's the
way to go and yes once they once they
develop systems that are better they
will likely move away from it which will
give them a tremendous cost advantage uh
in a variety of ways because they'll
they've also got too much compute uh for
for what the system's capable of because
they have to interpret all that LAR
data. Now this one I thought was going
to be a funny article. It's not. Move
raised 250 million to become the
backbone of the robo taxi industry. And
I thought, wait a minute, nobody's
becoming the backbone. No, what MOVE is,
and this is an interesting company. It's
a Nigeriabased company operating
headquartered now out of Dubai.
&gt;&gt; They're not trying to be the robo taxi.
They're trying to be the cleaning
depots, the service stations.
&gt;&gt; And they've already got a bunch of Whimo
depots under contract. uh they've got
3,300 pe uh people globally and of
course they're saying and as soon as
these things are available for sale, we
will buy them. Uh they're in talks to
purchase Whimos. Whimo does not appear
to be uh super jazzed about that idea,
but uh somebody will be. And if you're
able to uh get if you're able to get
Tesla robo taxis, this company would be
a prime candidate for the first big
fleet operator.
&gt;&gt; They already have experience.
&gt;&gt; Well, uh this is what Uber positioned
themselves in. about uh 6 months ago
they made a huge announcement of their
platform and their plans and one of them
was supporting all these AV companies uh
one of which is uh cleaning charging uh
mapping navigation right servicing just
the things that this guy is saying who's
going to do this well they're going to
step up sure so is Uber so is a bunch of
others and I think it's a real business
absolutely there will be many vendors
and the problem with the all the other
vendors as we talked about other than
Tesla who has shown you that they're
building massive service centers, 36,000
foot, you know, automated robotic
cleaning centers, automated. These guys
will probably, unless they show me that
they have um robotic experience and
manufacturing experience, they're ain't
going to be able to do this. Uh but
yeah, it's a need. They So my point is
that all the other auto autonomous
vehicle vendors, they will need this
because they can't do everything. So
Tesla is the only one that's doing
everything at scale at the most
efficient model who has the background
to make, you know, automated uh robotic
claiming systems and they're already
building the facilities. None of these
guys have even talked about building one
at all. They're just raising capital to
start.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, they're they're still trying to
figure out the car part of it. Uh, now I
don't know if you remember this Herbert,
but I wanted to thank you for coming to
my uh, very expensive uh, shoot the
other day where we apparently, and I
don't remember it, but I guess it
happened, recorded this.
&gt;&gt; All right, so
&gt;&gt; looking more like me.
&gt;&gt; Welcome to the If you're excited, hit
subscribe. Join our channel for more.
&gt;&gt; Doesn't sound like it.
&gt;&gt; Thank you, Jeep. Now, thank you, Jeep
Talk Show, for making that Jeep Talk
Show. I've uh, been on his show, I
think, once, and I think he's been on
mine once. something like that. That was
a lot of fun. Very silly. Guys, you can
subscribe. That's the whole message here
is that it's free. It's fun. And you're
gonna learn a thing or two. Uh,
congrats, David Moss. And I'm sure this
is all fake, but you know, it's got to
be. There's no way you can collect as
much confetti as this man has. Uh, this
is his uh
shock.
&gt;&gt; Oh, wow.
&gt;&gt; 25,000 miles.
That is quite a streak. Uh how is that
possible when when some random person
says, "Well, I disengage every day."
Yeah. I think the way to uh think about
this is 25,000 miles. Somebody said it's
like circumventing the globe, right? The
earth. Um
as long as you don't think it's flat.
[laughter]
But but okay.
&gt;&gt; If you think it's flat, pick any number.
It doesn't matter.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Uh, so it is one person could have
been lucky, but he's not the only person
that's done cross, you know, cross
country. It's now, I don't know, eight
plus people have done it. It's it's
becoming boring. They use the Model 3.
But it's not just him doing 25,000
miles. It's you, it's me, it's all of
us. We all know that our cars drive
themselves and safety is no not the
issue. Um, it is now the the final bits
and if safety was still an issue, it's
now what been three months, four months
of zero notable incidents. They had to
use the word notable because it's other
cars hitting it instead of, you know,
this car hitting it. So, we will see. We
will see. It's pretty obvious what's
going to happen, though.
&gt;&gt; The safety reports in Texas show a high
number of people striking it while it's
not in motion. I don't know how you
would like me to avoid that accident. I
don't know if it's possible. Uh but
that's not a reasonable expectation. I
will tell you the people I see who
disengage,
myself included, do so for personal
reasons. It's not safety. Uh I see
people who say, "Well, I have to
disengage because I have to pull all the
way up to my charger." Um, in my case,
when I get into the driveway, I can just
nudge it a little and it'll pull forward
another couple feet. That's it. I'm
done. Uh, so I don't have to disengage
in that situation. But you can also let
the car park, put it back, and that does
not interrupt your streak. So, uh, and
I've seen people say, well, it doesn't
count if you can drive it in between
sessions. Sure it does, because you
can't avoid safety critical
disengagements by only doing it on
certain drives. You don't know which
drive would have a safety critical
disengagement and it would be inevitable
if the safety disengagements were that
frequent. So the 25,000 I call that a
big big deal. I think 5,000 was
exciting. 10 was fine. When he hit 12 I
thought no one will ever attempt a
streak this long again. And of course
he's more than doubled it because David
Moss is a madman. Uh, and this tells me
that the software is a lot farther along
than many than many of the Garry's black
might suspect.
Uh, any any closing thoughts on that?
&gt;&gt; No. What? [laughter]
&gt;&gt; He gets me, you guys. He gets me. Uh,
yeah. I only have one question. What?
Okay. So, guys, in the comments, what do
we miss? What do we misunderstand? I do
not know. I need you to help me figure
it out. The videos where we try to make
you smarter. The comments are where we
hope you can make us a little smarter.
Everybody, like, subscribe, do what you
do, and stay tuned, stay juicy. And I
cannot wait to hear from you clever
robots either in Nepal or on the
flippity flop.