Channel:     futureaza
Title:       Starmind Could Become An Antique Mall
URL:         https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5BDiwQ-wTaI
Published:   2026-09-06 18:00 UTC
Fetched:     2026-09-06 21:00 UTC

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Let's have a serious conversation about
Star Mind.
SpaceX's ambitious plan to launch vast
amounts of AI compute into orbit
forever. Um, I have some serious
reservations. I know it's an exciting
idea. I don't know if it's a good idea.
&gt;&gt; [music]
&gt;&gt; I do welcome in the comments you to
share your opinions with me on this uh
very exciting, potentially [music]
catastrophic, who knows idea. Let's talk
about the potential downsides. I'm
Brian. [music] Welcome to Futurazza.
[singing]
[music]
&gt;&gt; Stay tuned to the end of the video
because it's pretty exciting. I'm going
to share with you where I am right now.
It's a crazy crazy place. So, there's
four things I want to talk about. One is
the push back on data centers generally.
The second concern is about the cost.
That's a pretty easy one to address. The
third one is about uh the inability to
de-orbit them. And the fourth is about
what happens when you do or even if you
don't. So let's get started with that.
The first one is push back on AI data
centers. This is overblown. I'm seeing a
lot of real wacko conspiracy theories
saying, "No, this has been this is all
the haters. It's an orchestrated
campaign." Maybe some of it is, maybe a
tiny sliver, maybe a couple hundred
accounts out of millions. You don't need
a lot of push back when people can see
the negative impacts themselves.
I uh worked near a place in Moses Lake,
Washington where Google came with big
promises. We're going to put in a data
center. Now, this is just, you know, a
server farm for regular kind of compute
stuff. And they have these big promises.
We're going to spend $10 million, $30
million. We're going to bring all these
jobs and it's going to be here forever.
All we need is some cheap, cheap power.
Well, they did build it, but that 30
million was mostly computers from other
countries. That didn't affect the
economy locally at all. Not one bit. How
could it? The jobs they brought were
construction. As soon as they were done,
they were gone. Those jobs weren't even
local jobs. Those were people they
brought in who roamed from state to
state standing up data centers. No jobs.
Well, they had permanent jobs, right?
Yeah. Like three. And those people were
also brought in from outside the region.
But even if they weren't, three jobs,
four jobs, that's not enough. That's not
what they bargain for. and then it just
sits there and drinks up power at a
discount. That's a terrible deal. People
are watching their power bills go up.
They're watching the US run out of uh
out of water, out of fresh water. We
know how much water they're consuming.
You don't need an orchestrated hate
campaign to get people riled up about
it. Why would you? It's easy to not
like. Now, bill them on the ground. You
can do it without push back. You can
close the loop on the water. They can.
It's proven. We know they can do that.
You can generate your own power behind
the meter, whether that's solar with
batteries or your own turbines. Now, if
it is turbines, you're going to get some
push back on that because they're noisy
and they're polluting. Well, turbines
don't have to be noisy and polluting.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, but they are. Yeah, they are. I I
mean, you can make a car that's barely
polluting and not noisy at all, but
that's not what this is. These aren't
cars. These are just motors. These are
just engines idling all day, revving all
day with limited exhaust mitigation,
with limited noise mitigation. Because
just like the closed loop on the water,
these things cost money. So why would
you pay the money if you don't have to?
No, if you want to build terrestrial
compute, and that's something that I was
talking about, I don't know, the second
they started talking about the data
centers in space,
why would you uh build them on the
ground? Because you can. Because you can
and it's worth it. So, build them on the
ground as proof of concept. Now, SpaceX
has since said, "Yeah, that's something
we're actually going to do. We're
actually going to do the them on the
ground first. It's perfect."
Uh, I know there's a a lot of people
saying there's not enough land, guys.
There's plenty of land. You know, maybe
you don't want to see that solar farm
next to the highway. Put it on the other
side of the hill. No one's going to
notice it. No one's going to complain.
And if it's off- grid, there's very
little permitting to be done. You can
still get the signal up to Starlink and
back down to where it needs to be. And
no, the nodes aren't as close together,
but they could be. They could be even
much much closer together. It's going to
be basically a whole rack of uh veras.
So yeah, do that. Why not build them on
the ground? So that's the AI push back.
Now let's talk about the second part.
That's the cost. Well, the cost is
something you and I don't need to worry
about. Either the numbers make sense or
they don't. They know what the cost is
or what they project the cost to be. And
when it gets down to a certain point,
the uh accountants will say, "Yeah, it's
time. You can do it. You can go ahead
and build the data centers um in space."
And again, it's not a giant building.
It's a compute constellation. We know.
So, the cost, but let's talk about the
cost versus doing the exact same thing
on the ground. Now, you're going to need
more solar panels because not only will
they not be perfectly oriented all day,
uh, but you have night times and you
have hills and you have other
obstructions, you have clouds. So, maybe
not even double, but maybe triple or
quadruple the solar panels. Is that a
problem? Not really, because you don't
need as precision of solar panels, and
you can build more durable ones that
operate on the ground, and if they
break, you can replace them. You don't
need a high degree of perfection if you
can just send someone out to swap out
some panels. So, there's going to be a
big savings there in terms of the
material. Well, you do need if you're
off- grid, you're going to need a mega
pack or two. Well, what does that cost
compared to say for example a launch?
Launch can become quite cheap, but this
equipment is still quite heavy. There's
still going to be a substantial cost
burden. So maybe mega packs are cheaper
than the launch itself. And if they are,
then all you really have to do is pay
the property tax. I'm sure you could
work something out with the local
authority to do that very cheaply or get
some kind of abatements. Every company
does. Somebody will want them somewhere.
So you've got that part of the cost out
of the way. Uh but there's also the
repairability. If one of these has a
failure, you can just fix it. You can't
fix it when it's up there. It's up
there. It's just up there. And it's a
lot of money per satellite. Almost all
the money is in the compute. But the
solar panels cost money. The equipment
costs money. The shielding costs money.
The radiation hardening.
And because the solar panels are so big,
they will be struck by micrometeorites
all the time, especially at the altitude
they're looking to go in some
synchronous orbit. So there could be
tremendous cost savings by doing them on
the ground. So that's the cost part, not
our concern.
But the big part, the biggest part to me
is just because we can do something
doesn't mean we should. What if the
minute this became a remotely plausible
idea, it happened 5 years ago, 10, 20,
what if the Soviet Union or China had 30
years ago started launching compute into
space? You know what you'd have is
garbage. That old compute isn't worth
anything. That's how quickly the chips
are moving today. If you were to launch
10,000 today, how long would they be
cost effective? How long would they be
worth the compute that they can
generate?
You can't update them. Can you imagine a
swarm of 1980s uh computers orbiting the
planet in a in a shell that you can't
really replace? There's only one giant
band of suns synchronous orbits. It's
huge. It's not like we're running out of
it, but if you launch a hundred
thousand, a million of them, it's going
to be full. Nobody else is really going
to be able to use it. So, that's kind of
a big problem. And at those altitudes,
there's kind of no atmospheric drag. Not
none, but virtually none. Instead of
Starlink, which decays in 3 to 5 years,
six or seven if it's really up there, uh
these will remain in orbit for hundreds
of years, perhaps thousands.
That, my friend, is too long.
There's no way that uh those chips are
going to be worth anything in a hundred
years. So, well, yeah, but as long as
they still work, they're already paid
for. Just keep using them. Yeah, but
you'll get to the point where an entire
satellite's only worth five tokens. I
mean, at some point, you're looking at
saying, is it even worth it to transmit,
to do the diagnostics, to do the health
checks? Really, you can automate all
that.
Okay, sure. Uh they will become outmoded
and then what do you do? Do you remove
them? Because you can't. The amount of
energy it takes to de-orbit from that
altitude is substantial.
Uh it is much cheaper in terms of uh
propellant to go to just a higher
altitude to go to a a graveyard where
they park all the dead satellites.
There's a graveyard now with a bunch of
satellites in it because it takes about
20 times more energy to de-orbit than it
does to actually get uh back into a an
orbit that will degrade sufficiently to
take you out entirely. Not great.
So, you can't fix them. You can't
replace them.
What do you do? Well, let's say you do
get them back down to the ground. These
satellites are filled to the brim with
super valuable elements. Elements you
can't get anywhere else. Uh elements
that are in short supply and high cost.
If my data center goes bad on the
ground, I can recycle it. I can smelt it
down and start over. But these won't.
These will be these will be minerals,
hundreds of tons of them which we just
lose forever.
Not forever. I mean, the planet will be
around long after us, but not long
enough uh to get them back in a usable
time frame. And if you do get them back,
where do those minerals go? I'll tell
you where they go. Into the atmosphere.
Gallium, palladium, uh zinc, I don't
know, everything. lithium, iron,
phosphate, manganese, cobalt, all of
that could be on these satellites
burning up on re-entry.
These are not things that we want
entering the atmosphere at a rate of
hundreds of tons. A satellite or two
here or there, not as big of a deal, but
a giant satellite and a million of them,
that is a potential hazard, to put it
mildly. And I don't mean collisions on
the ground, though those will become
inevitable. Someone will be struck by
some piece of some satellite someday,
because these big racks are not designed
to burn up. They're not designed to come
back. But if they do, it's kind of a
problem.
So my philosophy is if the money works,
if all the technology works,
don't do it. Don't do it. The computers
are changing so quickly. The amount of
compute is being updated so quickly.
Just wait five years. Just wait five
years and tell me, has there been
generational improvements in every one
of those five years? Because I bet you
there has. When I was considering
getting LASIK, I said I can't consider
it until my prescription stops changing.
Chasing a moving target. Well,
eventually my prescription did stop
changing. I got LASIC. Got it in 2009.
I'm still 2020ish and my eyes are nice
and damp. 2010 I did well.
You can't do that with AI compute. Not
today. Maybe in five years, maybe in 10,
maybe never. But the last thing we want
is an antique mall of dead computers in
an orbit that we cannot take them out of
uh and can't put something better up
there. Think of how much better solar
panels will be in 30 years. How much
better compute will be in 30 years. And
if you can build it on the ground where
you can remove it, replace it, uh repair
it, why wouldn't you? I mean, I know
it's super cool, but that doesn't mean
we have to do it. And if you're saying,
well, it's, you know, all those things
you mentioned, the the solar, the
batteries, the closed loop cooling,
that's expensive. Yeah, it's all
expensive. If we're going to do it
responsibly, we need to do it
responsibly. The fact that responsible
ways to do it exist isn't enough. You
have to actually do them. Uh, you know,
it's like having laws but not enforcing
them. What good is a law if you're not
going to enforce it? So, uh, to answer
your question, where am I? Uh, and by
the way, do answer the other questions.
What do you think of my thoughts on
this? Am I am I too backwards? Am I too
old-fashioned? or am I actually asking
the good questions, the hard questions?
All of that matters, at least to me. So,
where am I? Uh, I'm at the airport.
Yeah, this is uh Doha airport. I'm on my
way back from Nepal. I'm definitely back
by the time you see this because how
else would you get it? I mean, there's a
there's a terminal right there. That's
uh that's C-56.
Uh, so I mean this is kind of the kind
of the craziest thing you've ever seen.
Uh, the lighting was a little cooler
earlier, but I'm very sleepy and I had
to get this done. So, what did I miss?
What did I misunderstand? Am I crazy? Am
I too old-fashioned? Uh, or am I just
the kind of person who notices when a
bumblebee walks by? Who knows, man?
Everybody else, you know, like,
subscribe, do what you do, and stay
tuned. Stay juicy. And I cannot wait to
hear from you clever robots when my
thrilling adventure finally concludes.