Channel:     jobhakdi
Title:       Why The AI Capex Bubble CAN'T Burst
URL:         https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eM7fCtypego
Published:   2026-07-14 22:24 UTC
Fetched:     2026-07-14 23:00 UTC

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Everyone is talking about the cash flow
implosion and that we are at the
precipice of a bubble implosion. AI is
killing the most profitable companies on
earth. Meta, Google, Microsoft, Amazon,
Oracle. And people are in panic and
think how can this be a good thing. Look
at this chart. They think this is
terrible. These companies used to have
giant free cash flow. Giant free cash
flow. And now look at the red line.
Because they're spending a trillion
dollars or hundreds of billions on new
data centers, they're destroying their
cash flow. And isn't that madness? Isn't
that crazy? In this video, we have to
discuss why it's absolutely not crazy
and why this is the absolute wrong
metric to look at and how we actually
think about this from a financial and
valuation perspective. So the debate on
X is all over the place and smart people
like Chamath for example chip in and say
stuff no one understands at a very high
level. Free cash flow equals operating
cash flow minus capex. The hyperscalers
are deep into an investment cycle. So
they are consuming the operating cash
flow. It is incorrect to look at this
and assume that free cash flow has
collapsed because operating cash flow
has collapsed. It hasn't. Capex has
exploded. So chimath I love chimath.
He's very smart. But this explanation is
not helpful because no one understands
this. And people say, well, you just
redefined the input, the operating cash
flow and say the free cash flow doesn't
matter, but they are out of cash. So why
does it not matter? So this is not a
good explanation. We will get into a
much better explanation uh why this is
actually good for the stocks and for
earnings in a second. But you see all
these scare charts. Here's another one.
I don't have to explain this too much,
but here forward free cash flow 2026
projection and you see how this is just
absolutely going down. Not because these
companies have lower operating cash
flow, not because of their businesses
not being profitable. They are
incredibly profitable. They getting
incredible amounts of dollars in cash
through the door. They just spend it on
data centers and then it's gone. Poof.
Okay. Why does this not matter? I put
something together for you guys to just
get this out of the way once for all
because this is just not smart this
whole discussion. It's completely off
and we will now look into exactly why.
So let's look into why. Here I put this
together and I used AWS
as our reference point and I will very
quickly guide you through why this is
all extremely good from a stock
perspective and what the one point could
be that makes it bad and why I think
this point we can ignore. So AWS which
is the web services of Amazon tremendous
business. The current market cap of
Amazon total by the way is $2.6
trillion. We will use this in a second
but first let's go into the AWS
attributable 2027 capex isolated. So
this is forward looking for next year.
What is the plan? Total Amazon capex is
$260 billion
right which is pretty enormous pretty
enormous. Uh and you see you know the
increase 23% to 37% year-over-year
very significant increase in spend. So
you could say they're crazy. They want
to spend $260 billion in cash on data
centers. AWS of that for the calculation
very important is $220 billion. So 40
billion I don't know for what they spent
this but maybe warehousing all the other
Amazon businesses right so AWS the
actual data centers 220 billion that is
the crazy criticism is it smart for
Amazon to spend all that money and drop
their cash now we have to I explain in a
second why we have to now make a
distinction between shortlive assets of
154 billion so they will buy stuff capex
they will expend money for 150 billion
roughly
for GPUs, general compute, accelerators
and networking. Okay, for the actual
data center or at least for the core
compute in the data center, these are
short life assets because they
depreciate faster. If you buy a Nvidia
or even tranium GPU like the processor,
you won't be able to use that thing in
10 years because no one wants it in 10
years because it's slow in 10 years.
Then you have long life assets, shells,
power and land that depreciate over 25
to 30 years. Right? So of course shell
like if you have a building that's part
of the expense 66 billion go into land.
They go into power generators like
turbines, nuclear power plants, who
knows and buildings. So this stuff has a
very long depreciation. Why is this
important? we have 30-year depreciation
versus 5.5 years uh depreciation because
you know
this is the number I want to steer your
attention to. The whole point of this
little video is to explain to people the
difference between free cash flow which
is operating cash flow minus capex. It's
like the cash that's coming into your
business including all cash sources and
the cash you expend.
That is not the most useful metric to
value a business. As you probably have
heard, businesses are valued something
called for example up here a price
earnings ratio. Okay,
price means the market cap. Earnings
means the actual earnings. EIT earnings
before interest in taxes for example,
right? This earning price to earnings
ratio tells you how many years of
earnings not cash flow earnings earnings
okay business earnings does it need to
pay for my company value. So if a
company is worth let's say a million
dollars and it has a price earnings
ratio of 10 it means that if nothing
changes of course that within 10 years
the money this business makes you in the
sense of earnings accounting earnings
in 10 years you pay for the whole
business. You spend a million dollars
and after 10 years you will have made a
million dollars in profit in profit and
then after 10 years everything you make
from there is on top of what you paid.
That is the why the PE ratio is very
helpful, right? The PE ratio of 29 for
Amazon implies that if nothing would
change, which is of course totally not
true because it grows. But if they would
be frozen after 29 years, you pay 2.6
trillion to buy all of Amazon and it
takes you 29 years to make your money
back in earnings. Okay. Now, h how are
earnings actually computed? And why is
this so important? Earnings are not
computed. They're not computed by taking
your revenue, subtracting your costs of
goods sold, right? All the stuff you
need to deliver these web services, for
example, and then subtract your capex.
That's not how earnings are computed
because what you do instead is you spend
220 billion this year, but these 220
billion are not subtracted from your
revenue and gross margin to get to your
earnings, but they are getting stretched
over a certain amount of years. Because
if you spend that money, it's not poof
gone. It's not expenses. It is stuff you
buy that you own that go into your
balance sheet. Okay? and then it becomes
worth less over time. So for example,
these $154
billion in stuff in short life assets in
in GPUs and computers in networking, how
much of this 154 billion that you invest
to acquire all the GPUs, all the tranium
GPUs, all the Nvidia JP GPUs, how much
of that do you spend? That's the big
question. Okay, I'm just trying to
explain this. How much of that do you
actually expend? Expend. So it's poof,
it's gone this year. And there is an
answer in accounting. You're spending
1/5ifth roughly. That is poof gone. It's
gone. The other four fifth are not gone.
They're still there for next year and
the year after and the year after
because you will lose 100% of your 145
billion spent over 5.5 years. That's the
assumption. Okay, that's actually not
true, but that's what we assume in
accounting. You say, well, you're buying
this big chunk of GPUs and servers, and
after 5.5 years, it's poof, it's all
gone. It's poof gone. It was an expense,
but it's not an expense in year one. In
year one, a fifth is an expense. It
loses its value. Does that make sense?
Imagine you buy a car. Is that an
expense? It's not an expense. It's an
investment. But a certain percentage,
let's say for a car, I don't even know,
maybe maybe a seventh of the car or a
tenth is an expense in year one because
poof, the value is gone. But one six
seventh of the car are still there. So
they're not an expense. And then next
year you detract the next piece. This is
actually very smart when you think about
Hey, on this channel we do something
very important. We deeply analyze,
understand, and predict capital, AGI,
and politics. Not just to beat the
markets and make a lot of money, even
though that's important, but also to
build a new society and make the future
good for all of us, the pioneers. If you
want to help me on this journey, you can
do that by doing a very simple thing.
Like and subscribe. It helps me a lot.
Thank you so much for your support. And
let's get back to the video. And so that
means let's get to the point. It means
if they spend 220 billion and you do the
math on short life and long life assets
and stretch them over five five years
and over 30 years that effectively
Amazon is not spending 220 billion to
get to this incremental revenue next
year. It's spending only 30 billion.
Right? If you do the math only 30
billion are being spent on generating
this revenue. And now here's the
interesting thing. If you do the total
math, the incremental revenue, and this
is computed through a bunch of metrics
that we have, it's not super accurate,
but by spending $220 billion, they make
incremental revenue at full utilization
of $88 billion a year. So you spend $220
billion that year and you make
incremental revenue of 88 billion every
single year for the next 6 years or
something of that. Okay, isn't that
interesting? So you take the 220 billion
and you make 88 billion in 2027. This is
crude because you might not have full
utilization. Who cares? In 2028
and that means your 220 billion of capex
make you $88 billion
in actual revenue. And we know that
revenue has a very high gross margin.
Okay. And that means even after
subtracting the 30 billion that the
actual expenses are from the capex, the
30 billion that actually you have to
detract as true expenses as value loss
from the capex, you still get to $29
billion in incremental earnings.
And that's what you now I want you to
really let sink in and understand. Now
we have the key math. $220 billion in
additional incremental capital
expenditure in 2027 for AWS makes an
estimated $30 billion in incremental
earnings after depreciation pure
earnings.
Okay, so the $220 billion buy you 30
billion in annual Ebbit addition. And so
maybe you say, "Oh, what does it mean?
What does it mean, Joe?" Well, it means
if you do the math,
very simple math, right? That you are on
track of adding a lot of value here. Cuz
when you think and this is you have to
understand it's not like you you take oh
6 years 6 years time 29 billion * 30
billion that's only 180 billion Joe
they're spending 220 billion to make 180
billion. No, no, no, no. That is already
considering
after subtracting the depreciation.
Okay, you already subtracted this whole
thing. So this is after the
depreciation. This is pure profit. And
now you can do something very
interesting, right? If you do the math
on this, and I did the math for you. Let
me highlight this.
If you do the math on this, it's a
little recursive, but whatever. It's
roughly true what I'm saying here.
the 220 billion you're spending make you
immediately next year when you spend it
or latest the year after 29 billion in
real Ebbit and 29 billion in real Abbit
if you multiply it with the PE ratio of
Amazon because that's how the market
values profit for Amazon right now for
every dollar profit that Amazon adds
right now the market pays $30 or $29 in
stock appreciation
So what did Amazon do here? Amazon saw
that and they're taking 220 billion
capex and they're converting that into
690 billion in appreciation in market
cap. Now that's a little crude because
it might be already priced in. So 29 is
a little high blah blah blah but roughly
that is true. That is the decision the
CFO of Amazon actually has to make. The
Amazon CFO does the math and basically
says if I spend 220 billion, I'm adding
to my stock 600 plus billion in value.
And that means if I would finance, for
example, if I would finance that capex
with equity and not with debt
and they also have cash, but let's say
they would issue new stocks, they would
basically sell stocks. And now comes the
magic math. They're selling stocks worth
$220 billion to raise $220 billion but
would within six within 12 months well
whatever within 24 months would get paid
back in market cap appreciation 690
billion. Okay, let that sink in. You're
selling shares to raise 220 billion and
in return your stock value goes up 690
billion. So this is a net gain of $470
billion. Poof out of nowhere. And that
is the real reason why they spend like
crazy. That is the real reason why this
is such a bonanza. And of course, at the
end of the day, everything in this whole
equation comes down to a single
question. And that single question is
this question. It is this question. Can
you actually rely on this number being
true? Can you rely on spending that
amount of money and truly making $88
billion in additional incremental
revenue per year? Everything else is not
a question. If this is true, if these
new data centers make them $220 billion
invested, make them $88 billion a year
in additional revenue, this is the best
spend we have ever seen in the history
of the economy. That is the only
question we have to answer because if
that is true, if that demand is true, if
88 billion come in for every 220 billion
you spend for every 220 billion, do you
get 88 billion in revenue over 6 years
continuously every single year? If that
is true, the hyperscalers are not just
right doing what they do, they should do
10 million times more of that. And so
that is the question we have to answer.
And that question translates directly
into is there demand for compute? And is
the demand actually accounting to that
number? And the answer right now is
absolutely yes because this is happening
all day long. We saw it with SpaceX. We
saw it with Colossus. We see it all day
long. We also see the order books of
these Mac 7 hyperscalers
or not max the hyperscalers the not
Apple but the other guys not Nvidia but
the hyperscalers. And we see this is
true. It's a fact. And we also see it is
true next year. And we also see it's
next it's true uh a year after because
the order books are full the commitments
are full. And so the only way this is
not true is if suddenly the demand for
actual compute implodes in 2029. That is
the big bet we are making here. Okay.
But even then that would have been worth
it. Even if you cut it in half as you
can see with the math even if that only
runs for 3 years it's worth it. So I do
think there's absolutely minimum risk
here. minimum risk that this doesn't
play out. It's a total bonanza. The
bonanza is driven by compute demand. The
numbers absolutely add up. And one last
word before we wrap it up. This gives
you a good, you know, idea how they
think that they're absolutely right.
This is absolutely profit driven. This
is absolutely driving the stock prices
through the roof. There's forcing
functions here. They need to go through
the roof because this is profit edition.
The way to destroy compute demand, of
course, there are like weird scenarios.
World War II or something. Even then you
need compute.
So I think it's one of the safest bets
ever. One last word. When you see the
world's best run, tightestr run
companies that ever existed. Tesla,
SpaceX, Meta, Google, Microsoft, and of
course Amazon. These are the best
companies in the world in terms of
operating efficiency, in terms of
financial planning. Look at Tesla.
People mock Tesla that it's late all the
time, but look at how it absolutely
destroys on cash, on cash generation, on
gross margins, on operating margins, on
all kinds of things. How it destroys
every single car company in the world.
Look at Amazon, the masters of the
universe in terms of efficiency. When
these people spend like crazy, you can
be guaranteed it's not a bubble because
these are the most disciplined and
efficient finance departments on the
planet. And when they spent this, you
can be sure there's absolute minimum
risk and maximum profit. And this shows
you why. So, I hope that was helpful and
now you understand why these charts here
make absolutely no sense. I mean, the
charts are true, but while the
perspective makes no sense, here's
another one. Looking at free cash flow
is a beginner mistake. No one is
interested in charts like that. No one
is interested in free cash flow like
that. People are interested in earnings,
in profits. what does it do to profits?
And to confuse free cash flow with
profits is a total beginner mistake. You
have to look at profits and understand
when it comes in. So I hope now you have
a better understanding of if that's a
bubble or not. It is not. It is very
smart what they're doing. And capex does
not decrease profits as long as it
brings in incremental revenue that is
high margin.
So, I hope that was helpful and see you
tomorrow.