Channel:     futureaza
Title:       Why Tesla’s SpaceX Merger Could Change Everything
URL:         https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fsOJYR2wwVQ
Published:   2026-08-13 12:19 UTC
Fetched:     2026-08-13 13:00 UTC

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

If there is a change in control, don't
lose me now. It means that the
compensation plan we voted on last year
is mainly for fated. All the operational
points, this can all be negotiated, but
so far in the contract, it says that if
there's a change of control, only the
milestones on market caps are preserved
in the period between merger
announcement and merger closing
consummation. If those milestones are
are obtained, he gets those tanches. And
that is not an impossible thing.
&gt;&gt; Tesla and SpaceX have been kind of
teasing us about the idea of a merger.
We've heard some pretty interesting
perspectives on it. We've heard it's
definitely going to happen and that it's
definitely not going to happen. Uh we're
not going to address that part because
we don't know. But what we're going to
try and do is make sense of if it makes
sense, why it makes sense, and whatnot
to that effect. I've got Tesla Boomer
Mama here joining me. Uh she's going to
provide her insights. She's been
following Tesla for a very long time and
SpaceX for quite a long time as well. Uh
this is going to be exciting. Uh I'm
Brian. Welcome to Futurza.
&gt;&gt; Hey Brian.
&gt;&gt; So yeah, it's so good to have you back.
We never chat. Not often enough. We got
to fix that. Uh so there is uh this
account on X that I uh follow and
subscribe to uh
&gt;&gt; and yeah and uh it's great insights and
I appreciate it and uh you guys should
as well. So uh what we're talking about
today is there's this uh little company
I don't know if you've heard of them but
they do uh they do uh one of them does
uh space stuff and the other does anyway
it's the merger and we're hearing all
kinds of stuff. I would like to first
address the craziest one I've heard,
which is that uh Tesla would have to
sell its business unit in China. That
doesn't make sense to me. Is that a real
thing that they would have to consider?
&gt;&gt; So Tesla China is certainly one of the
more interesting zones that need
addressing in a merger scenario. Why?
Because by Tesla becoming an entity
under SpaceX, which is my scenario, I do
believe they structured the whole SpaceX
IPO. Exactly. To have the entity in a
way where absorbing Tesla fits like a
glove, gives Elon all the voting rights
and protection he needs. Um, and uh, and
I mean, it would be silly to do all
that. It costs hundreds of millions in
lawyers fees to set it up like that and
then not use it. So I do believe it's
going to be SpaceX that's the absorbing
company. Now it could be structured as a
subsidiary. could be start structured as
a complete absorption. But in any case,
there will be now a very close link to a
company SpaceX that has extensive
contracts with the US government and
that is difficult for a Tesla China or
the other way around for the US
government it is complicated that now
one of their main suppliers has business
in what is called Nexus. Nexus is when
you have business presence in a town,
county, state, China. So by having nexus
in China, it actually is an issue for
both. It's an issue for the US
government and for the Chinese
government. So and and and so could they
sell it is your question. I think for
that we already have the answer because
Elon clearly replied to the title of
that Wall Street article that 10 days
ago. um brought this topic up uh and he
said that's fake news. So they they did
not consider a sale and sale is probably
the most extreme solution. There are sol
solutions that are intermediary which is
to ring fence the China operations and I
think the the real discussion should be
and maybe that was a discussion that was
already ongoing but it certainly is on
the table now um what is the future of
Tesla China? Will Tesla China be able to
do all the products and services that
Tesla USA can do, including
unsupervised FSD, meaning cameras on all
roads, right, in China. Is that
something that the Chinese government
supports? They've always been very
supportive of of China, but I think it's
a table, a question that needs to be on
the table. And then the second much more
important question is bots. Will Tesla
China ever be allowed to build bots in
Shanghai and sell it in China or export
exported whatever? So I do believe this
is actually a coming to Jesus moment
where um Tesla and Tesla China and the
Chinese government have this moment of
okay if this merger happens what's
happening here I do believe this article
was not just a journalist making this
up. I'm convinced this was something
that was either planted but it wasn't
some sort of trial balloon what the
journalists call a trial balloon. Um,
the way the headline was phrased was
completely off, but that's typical. You
know, editors of of of journal of of
magazines and journals try to have a
very catchy article. So, uh, very catchy
title. Ignore the title. I think the
substance of the article is mainly
correct. And they have to I mean, if the
if a merger is on the table, there has
to be discussion of what happens with
Tesla China. It there's no doubt about
it. Now again I don't think they will
sell it in the worst case scenario. I
think it will be okay. Tesla China will
forever build cars and will sell these
cars in China and rest of world where
these ch these cars are exported to. Um
and the mega packs that they're already
doing. So I think those are done deals
and products and services associated
with that everybody can get behind. Now
the question is and it asks how far how
much further can it go
&gt;&gt; because my thought is I mean Boeing does
business in China
I don't think they built there
&gt;&gt; uh
&gt;&gt; I think
&gt;&gt; I don't know I know they get a lot of
parts from China but I don't know about
building GM has had factories they don't
at the moment they only have you know
third party factories that are not
&gt;&gt; really is is there any sensible
sensitive product coming out of GM and
GM always had a joint venture there. So
you know those joint ventures are always
&gt;&gt; the 4951
&gt;&gt; exactly and they always build that there
that China had a view and insight on
everything. Tesla has always been very
privileged. They wanted Tesla there.
They gave them leased grounds. They gave
them credits. Those credits are still in
our books I think for 5 billion US
equivalent. And they were always, you
know, Tesla always was the preferred
child. They always were allowed to do
more. But it's also clear that Tesla is
the leader in tech and in physical AI.
And physical AI brings a lot of
information. And for example, China has
already expressed that they don't like
stalling. They can't do anything. those
satellites are above their heads and
they so if we now have suddenly all
Teslas equipped with stalling do you
think they will be in China with
stalling? I don't think so.
&gt;&gt; Now uh Tesla paid I think $95 million or
something like that for the land. It's
only about a hundred acres. So it's
actually the most expensive land of any
of their factories. And it's not even
they don't own it. It's a 100redy year
lease.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Yeah, like the it's like real
estate in London. In London, you also do
these long leases you don't own.
&gt;&gt; Oh, interesting. And they're on the
hook. Uh they their original contract
said you have to be paying this much tax
by this point. And of course, they
surpassed it because the production is
very strong and steady. And so Tesla's
been a very good source of revenue for
the
&gt;&gt; Oh, I think it's by far more than
revenue. Tesla led the EV industry in
China. And look what happened. I mean
they they're
by far the country with the most EV
production and now with the highest
exports into into Europe and other
countries. I mean not to the US but to
to many other countries including Canada
and Mexico which you know opens up a
whole other debate on how open the
market really is between Canada, Mexico
and the United States. But but all that
to say this comes at a critical moment.
I think we can all agree that Elon wants
this merger. doesn't mean that it's
happening tomorrow, even though I'm very
convinced it happened soon. But am I in
this whole story? But Elon wants this
merger and Elon will have to address
with President Xi the future of Tesla
China. Do I believe they close it? Not a
second. Do I believe that they sell it?
Not a second. I think they want to stay
there. They want to keep this as a
production hub, but I think it needs
clarification of what can be produced
there over the next couple of years. And
that, you know, that discussion was
necessary anyway. So just kind of wall
it off a bit.
&gt;&gt; Ring fence it. Yeah, that's the term.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Okay. I appreciate that insight.
Uh now are you a shareholder in SpaceX?
&gt;&gt; I have not been an early spa uh SpaceX
shareholder. I didn't go for the IPO
just because I didn't want many. Anyway,
my theory has then been and still is two
months later that I will get more SpaceX
shares at the moment of a merger rather
than selling because I would have needed
to sell Tesla. I didn't have cash
available then.
&gt;&gt; Um I did find a little bit of cash in uh
under the under the carpet and I bought
for each of my children one share. So
yes, I'm the proud holder I think of
five. Maybe I even have a couple more.
But anyway, it's it's below 10. That's
for sure. Uh shares, but which was just
for the joke that I can tell them each
of them has now one of the initial week.
It wasn't. And so it was about 180. I
was stupid enough to not go for the 135
IPO price and then when it went up I let
it go down a bit to 180 and that's where
I bought those um five I think it is.
&gt;&gt; So with uh five whole shares how can you
be unbiased.
Oh I kid I kid but you know there are
people who say dumber things than that
with a straight face. Ah ignore them.
Um, in terms of what uh kind of
shareholder voting power Elon would
have, would the two kinds of shares just
kind of blend together or is that all up
for debate?
&gt;&gt; Well, it is all up for debate. In my
scenario, and again, I could be
completely wrong. Tesla shareholders
will get class A shares. So SpaceX has
class A shares which is the commons of
us and class B share which are mainly
Elon's
10 voting rights per share. So he has
this 86% current voting structure
&gt;&gt; and by transferring Tesla shares into a
shares he gets a lot more a shares so
his voting power and obviously we get a
lot of new shares because they will have
to issue shares. Um so his voting power
goes down and uh his voting power can go
down
around 50%. And that has its whole
importance because if his voting power
is 50% plus then a merger is what is
called a change in control because then
Tesla which currently doesn't have a
dominant
um voting power person um suddenly has
one in this merged entity. So there's a
change in control. If there is a change
in control, don't lose me now. It means
that the compensation plan we voted on
last year is mainly for fated all the
operational points. This can all be
negotiated but so far in the contract it
says that if there's a change of control
only the milestones on market caps are
preserved in the period between merger
announcement and merger closing
consummation. If those milestones are
are obtained he gets those tanches and
that is not an impossible thing. Uh let
me get there. Um but only if there's a
change in control. Now if he has less
than 50%.
There is no change in control and then
the whole compensation plan survives
with the operational milestones and
everything. So it's going to be very
interesting what multiplier is going to
be negotiated and how they get around
this changing control or not issue. And
we will know once we have an
announcement. That's interesting. Do you
have confidence that institutional
investors would vote to approve the
merger knowing that it means that their
voting power would be so greatly
diminished?
&gt;&gt; Yes. And so how what do I base this on?
First of all, some of the very big Tesla
institutional investors, Vanguard, Black
Rockck, are already SpaceX investors as
well.
&gt;&gt; Vanguard for a long time, Black Rockck
since the IPO. So they made it clear
that they want both and they bought they
bought SpaceX with Elon having 86%. So
they knew darn well that they were
getting into something where they didn't
have much voting power. Also there are
other structures Google,
&gt;&gt; Meta, Ford where the founders have
increased voting shares not 86% but
often close to 50% and I tell you in
that merch entity we will get to
something around 50%. So the final
voting power of Elon will be very
similar to other maker caps and they're
all happy to be there. And then I
studied behavior of institutionals in
mergers and how these proxy advisors
advise. I mean I guarantee you the proxy
advisor for for this merger will say oh
vote against it right because anything
Elon is bad. Um but I do believe the
institutions will follow their tendency
of in large numbers vote for it. Now,
the typical suspects, State Street,
Schwab, and all that, that's yet to be
confirmed. I mean, there's some people
in there that just have a political
agenda. The New York controller, the
Norwegian pension fund, I mean, there
will be people that will vote against
it, no matter what it is. But I think uh
it will be overwhelmingly accepted by
institutions
because they see the short-term gain. I
mean, there is going to be a pop in the
Tesla stock price. I'm convinced there's
going to be a pop. How big that remains
to be seen. Um and and once you have a
pop, you don't want to vote no because
then the pop is gone.
&gt;&gt; So um I do believe that there is and and
the other thing is they are going to do
a road showing
how beautiful these synergies will work.
We will see the roadster which is a
combined uh project. We will see the bot
which is combined project. We will see I
mean obviously we already saw Terrafab.
We will have more details on Terrafab. I
think they're going to be very
interesting details and I nearly have
the feeling that terrafab was already
structured in a way post merger because
you you will see on the legal papers for
terra fab it's mainly space x's
&gt;&gt; it is for Tesla to provide the research
and development is Tesla is paying a lot
of the bills but the contracts the land
and all that is mostly in SpaceX's name
so I I do believe that this is already
prepared for the post merger
&gt;&gt; and Worth noting SpaceX paid 329 million
this year for mega packs.
&gt;&gt; Yes.
&gt;&gt; So that's a couple dollars there.
&gt;&gt; I bought a lot of Cybert trucks last
year as well.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. A rounding error in terms of both
companies. There was a lot of
&gt;&gt; Well, not a rounding not a rounding
error for sales of Cyber Truck.
&gt;&gt; No, Cybertruck sales have been a little
on the soft side. Uh I'm curious why
Elon needs so much voting control. What
is he planning on doing that would upset
investors so much?
&gt;&gt; I don't think he has any bad motives,
but I think he has learned a lot of
lessons from our Delaware episodes.
Remember that a shareholder with nine
shares was able to monopolize this whole
subject of his 2018 compensation package
&gt;&gt; for six years.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. For six years, we were blocked in
a story and that cost millions and tens
and probably hundreds of millions in
lawyers fees and and in lost opportunity
because lots of things were actually
delayed until that was you know there
there are lots of reasons we are today
where we are which is in a couple of
subjects suboptimal which are due to
those tornet stories one shareholder
with nine shares then so I think he
understood very well that you can have
an activist investor you can have an
activist judge
Now, we're in a better climate today
being in Texas. It's not as easy to
bring forward a derivative lawsuit in in
Texas, but he is in charge or he will be
in charge of an army of tens of millions
of bots. He will be in charge or he is
in charge of Starink, which is the
strongest defense
and war tool we have up in the space at
the moment. It is information pure. So
he doesn't want to be subject to any
activism of any sort and the only way to
do that is with a structure that
protects him and his his person. But I
mean and there are stuff there's couple
of things in there where even I you know
how enthusiastic I am always there and
want to protect him
&gt;&gt; where I think oh this is probably going
a bit far. For example, at the moment,
SpaceX, not yet merged, has in it that
should he become incapacitated or die,
his 10x voting shares are given to the
family and the family trust.
&gt;&gt; Now, I'm not sure given the colorful
family he has that I would feel as
comfortable with, you know, all these
people now suddenly having 10, you know,
that he has it is completely normal. and
compare that to Google Meta and all
that. None of them have that. All of
them have that in case of incapacity.
It becomes class A shares and it stays
with. So there are a couple of things in
there where I think oh maybe this went a
bit far and I hope the Tesla board if
they are currently negotiating this
merger address these things and and
again I think the way I always discuss
this merger is probably overly
simplistic because there are so many
details like this one that will have to
be addressed in that merger agreement
like the one we talked about uh in our
other show about Tesla China you know
you can for example exempt that you're
waiting for an approval of China, you
can make that um condition that you're
not waiting for the approval of China,
which is obviously strengthening your
negotiation power with China. But I I
just believe that merger agreement once
it's out, it will keep us very busy for
a long time because there's going to be
so many closes in there that all have a
reason to exist, but we will have to
understand them.
&gt;&gt; I think all that makes sense. Now, we
could do hours on the pros and cons of
the merger. I think those videos uh you
and Herbert have done that very well
already. Um a question I have for you is
at what kind of equity or premium would
you vote against this?
&gt;&gt; You see this is my retirement money and
I'm not getting younger as you can see.
So I and and I really believe that Tesla
shareholders have been very patient and
very understanding.
And I'm not saying that anything was
ever done, you know, against whatever,
but market conditions were tough yet. We
were standing there and for years, and
this is not just about the last couple
of weeks. And I don't share any of these
conspiracy theories. Let's make that
clear as well. But I do believe that
there is actually a price for giving up
voting power. We have voting power at
the moment. we have with the Tesla
structure as old as it is 2010 as
Delaware driven as it was um we have a
couple of rights that I think is okay to
give up but it's not to give up for free
right so I do believe there has to be a
premium and I hope that this is the
moment where Elon remunerates
the loyalty of of Tesla shareholders so
is that you know the equivalent of a
$500 share price or $600 or $690 the
joke we're always doing. Um I don't know
honestly it's not only the price which
is actually not a price it's going to be
an exchange ratio but the the price will
obviously be reflected in the Tesla
share price immediately after the
announcement. So, it it will and it will
also help the vote, right? If the share
price is now suddenly higher than former
all-time highs, people will be much more
uh inclined to vote for it. Um, but I do
hope he's generous. I do hope it's not
just a one forone exchange. I think that
would be underwhelming.
&gt;&gt; I I would agree. I also do not have I'd
have no shares of SpaceX. Um, I would
have loved to have bought it, you know,
10 years ago when my conviction was
solid. Uh, but but that was not an
option for me because it wasn't publicly
traded. Um, I'm very happy for the
people who were capable of getting in
and who had that kind of uh foresight
and vision which, you know, for some of
us was pretty clear before. But but yes,
I believe that we should be rewarded. I
know a lot of people are angry that the
AI system went to a startup instead, but
I know you and I agree that it had to.
You weren't going to attract the top
talent. Uh Meta and Google pay seven
figures to get engineers and they're not
as good as the ones that SpaceX was able
to that XAI was able to attract. Um, and
now that those stock options
&gt;&gt; nine, Brian, nine,
&gt;&gt; really?
&gt;&gt; 100 millions. 100 millions.
&gt;&gt; That's insanity. That's insanity. Uh, so
they're paying too much. And mind you,
the XAI engineers have been paid very
handsomely because it was a startup that
is now merged into a company and gone
public. So, I agree that that had to
happen. But uh with all that said, Tesla
shareholders, retail especially, have
been very patient um and very I think
gracious and they are getting
discouraged. They're getting fatigued
for the by the weight. We're seeing
institutional taking an ever larger
stake compared to retail which at one
point was very disproportionate. You and
I had a show about it probably two years
ago saying why is institutional so light
on Tesla? Well, it's changed now. So
&gt;&gt; that changed. Yeah.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Is has changed. Um so guys in the
comments, what do we miss? What do we
misunderstand? Hey, subscribe. It's
free. It doesn't cost you anything. Uh
and let us know because uh you know we
can have more discussions. Uh but of
course by the time I'm back from Nepal,
uh it may be, you know, a done deal
already. Who knows? Things can move very
quickly around here. So uh like,
subscribe, do what you do. Check out
Alexandra on X. She does fantastic work
at Tesla Boomer Mama. And everybody
else, stay tuned. Stay juicy. And I
can't wait to hear from you clever
robots when I'm back from Nepal.