Channel:     brighterwithherbert
Title:       Elon Predicts $1 Trillion SpaceX Revenue
URL:         https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0Hhw_pKsUo8
Published:   2026-06-16 13:30 UTC
Fetched:     2026-06-16 14:00 UTC

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Elon Musk made several announcements
about his goals for SpaceX in a very
bold forecast. He's now saying he thinks
SpaceX might be able to reach 1 trillion
of revenue in 2030. For that to happen
in less than 4 years from now, he'd need
to increase the revenue by 5,300%.
But Elon doubled down, saying that he'd
be surprised if revenue was not greater
than 1 trillion by the following year,
2031.
Billionaire investor Ron Baron in a
recent interview confirmed that Baron
Capital did indeed purchase an
additional $1 billion of SpaceX stock
last Friday. His fund now owns $25
billion worth of SpaceX shares. And he
says he thinks they're going to make
hundreds of billions of dollars. We'll
watch those videos. If that happens,
Elon's net worth won't just be a
trillion, but multiples of trillions.
Finally, we'll review one of the most
clear explanations of SpaceX future and
the markets it's opening up. We got Jeff
Watts here with us today. He's an
ex-supply chain sealevel executive from
Motorola, Google, and Lenovo. He's
currently running his own consulting
firm serving mega cap tech in supply
chain design and manufacturing. Welcome,
Jeff. here. We're Yeah, I love talking
about this because uh it's we're really
going to see
that there's the this may be the widest
moat
in in the history of capital markets. We
we'll see. But let's let's go through it
and talk through it.
&gt;&gt; I'm very curious your analysis of uh
this person's thinking about how he
looks at SpaceX business model. uh I'll
share it at the very end and his view
that it is it a moat is it is it is it
um huge markets being opened up how do
you look at SpaceX right some people
think it's just a uh it's like you know
who knows if it's going to happen uh pie
in the sky here's Elon of course uh
sharing more of his own kind of forecast
that often he's incredulous people are
just like what are you saying how is
that possible John Erlickman pointed out
that SpaceX projected revenue in 2025
it's 18.7 billion that's actual that's
18 billion okay much less than Tesla
which is 100 billion in a year 2028
though the expectation is going to be
160 billion by 2030 330 billion and then
2043.4 4 trillion. This is all coming
from Morgan Stanley's estimates. He's
just reporting what Morgan Stanley says.
Elon said, "I think SpaceX might be able
to reach approximately 1 trillion of
revenue in 2030." 1 trillion. And
Benjamin Decroer said SpaceX generated
18.67 billion in 2025. To hit 1 trillion
in 2030, that's less than four years
away, that would be 5,256%
increase. uh Elon doubled down and he
said and I would be surprised if revenue
is not greater than 1 trillion in 2031.
I don't know. What do you think Jeeoff?
&gt;&gt; Well, you have to go back you have to go
back to the business units and this is
where I think this is what makes a
market because there's people and and
there's just different types of
investors and ways to view markets.
There's a lot of people that talk about
trailing 12 months and the 18.6
billion. They keep pointing to that and
how could this thing be going out at 100
times sales and and the people on the
other side of that trade are saying I'm
not buying it for what happened only in
the last 12 months. I'm buying it for
where I where I see the company going
and and and even what they've done the
last 30 days become the number four
cloud provider you know going from the
bottom to the number four cloud
provider. And one of the reasons that
that's actually happening is if you look
at the cost per token amongst all the US
hyperscalers relative to China, there's
this huge drop off US hyperscalers and
the cost per token in China. But the one
that's closest to the China cost is
actually Grock. And it's interesting to
see the media dissect what Tesla, what
sorry, what SpaceX is doing here with
the the the leasing of this compute.
They've put themselves in the driver's
seat. And when I saw the 90-day
uh the the right to pull the capacity
back within 90 days, that to me put
SpaceX in greater charge of allocation
of compute than actually even Nvidia
because you're the more and more, think
about it, the more and more compute
that's ready built that SpaceX builds up
and if they can allocate inside of 90
days,
&gt;&gt; yeah,
&gt;&gt; that's faster than you can get chips
from TSMC through Nvidia.
And if they get multiple gigawatts of
compute doing this inside of a given
window of time and the time it would
take to construct the data center to get
the chips to construct it, they're going
to be the highest volume and turnover of
actual compute. And it's a very
interesting business model and it's a
very interesting pathway until they lead
up to to executing Terra app. So when
you step back and look at SpaceX,
there's a lot of high-risk, highreward
business units that are in there, but
some of them are already starting to pay
off. So clearly the launch business, 90
plus% of payload to space, the Starlink
business is clearly paying off. And
these were things that were, you know,
decades in the making. So these things
don't happen overnight, but they're
really starting to bear fruit. And it
reminds me of where I see Tesla going
with their autonomous driving business.
These are things that are a decade or
more in the making, but when they pay
off, they pay off big.
&gt;&gt; I like what you said. Yeah. So the
compute data centers that SpaceX have
XAI, it's not just that it's available,
it's available now. So who's who's who
who who needs it so badly that they need
to turn it on in let's say 90 days they
kick out somebody bring in somebody else
or just it's available the extra compute
that they have in Colossus 2 who's going
to pay me because they need it now
invidia would there's a lead time then
of course they would have to still build
the data center that could be three
years
&gt;&gt; you got to get power you have to get
power like everybody thinks that
building like everybody thinks that
because we were so indoctrinated by the
way by fintech coverage that the biggest
problem was is I don't have enough
chips. No,
&gt;&gt; the biggest problem is power and the
biggest problem is assembling power and
chips and doing it repeat reliably and
repeatably on a schedule. And then once
you even have all those things there,
let's say the city lets you build a data
center and let's say you found you got
your allocation of natural gas turbines
or whatever power source you have. Let's
say you got all that. Now you got to get
it working coherently. you get all the
GPUs you have and they're actually
working together to have a powerful
cluster and these are all things that
SpaceX have have have not got and it's
manu it's it's manufacturing it's
engineering planning uh and
manufacturing
and but again it it turns into I I view
I keep turning things into supply
because it is you taking the lead time
of compute down that's what they he's
taking the lead time and optionality of
compute down when that lead time is
lower. They are now a de facto source of
where you go to get again ready now
compute.
&gt;&gt; I like that very much. Okay, so we've
got uh the SpaceX IPO came out on
Friday. Uh Ron Baron already owns a
bunch of stock and he bought more. He
bought a billion dollars. He now owns 25
billion assistant to what he said.
&gt;&gt; As of Friday, you had how much in shares
of SpaceX?
&gt;&gt; Uh $24 billion.
&gt;&gt; That's across all the funds. across all
the funds.
&gt;&gt; across all the funds. And that was as
much 25 billion because we bought
another billion in Friday.
&gt;&gt; Okay. So 25 billion and that was as of
Friday's close before this morning's
gains.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. I think we're going to make
hundreds of billions of dollars. But
hundreds uh but before that,
&gt;&gt; what's a billion?
&gt;&gt; He doesn't even know. A billion here, a
billion there. I don't know. Did I buy a
billion? I think he did. But he did buy
a billion. He thinks he's going to make
hundreds of billions of dollars. He's
made this bet. you just you get mixed
that mixed up Herbert, right? You don't
know if it's a plus or minus a billion.
&gt;&gt; Um yeah, he's thinking like this is this
is not even the conversation. The
conversation this is you know this is
going to be many times uh what it is.
And again, he's been right he's been
right for a long period of time. He
wasn't there by the way in day one in a
lot of Elon stuff. He met him a couple
years but he's been there for a long
time. and he's very smart system level
thinker and and he sees this stuff. Uh
he sees he sees what's coming. So you
just have to you have to give it to him
and look at the success of his fund and
look what he's been able to do.
&gt;&gt; And then uh there's just we'll come back
to this topic but um somebody said Elon
Musk's Elon Musk needs another 998.9
trillion to become humanity's first
quadrillionaire.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. We get I mean this could be an
entire show of the whole
that that just this this uh breakdown in
&gt;&gt; it it was it was coordinated like
everybody knew that SpaceX was
&gt;&gt; um was IPOing on Thursday and everybody
knew it would probably do pretty well.
So they had all of their talking points
ready to go. And what's disturbing is
there are people that truly believe it
and then there are people behind it that
know that people truly believe it and
they don't believe it and but they're
still out there propagating these things
like this trillion dollars is sitting in
a bank account and it could be allocated
elsewhere. The trillion dollars is
working is actually inside of his
companies that's hiring people that's
purchasing capex that other people were
hired to make. And if you look at the
direct and indirect, I always look at
the direct uh employment of the
companies and these are very high-paying
jobs. Obviously, they produce almost
5,000 millionaires on Thursday or
Friday. But then you look at the
indirect, which is are the the people
that have to supply a service or a good
to SpaceX or Tesla, and it's probably
it's north estimates are north of 500
600,000 people just in the US alone, not
globally, just in the US alone.
Uh I I don't know. People are trying to
net out the economic impact, but the
that money isn't in a bank account. That
money is hiring all those people. And
what's the econ and how many how many
how much in taxes and social security
are those people paying? I looked into
it. I did some research with um with
some of the LLMs and it's five it's
billions of dollars of social security.
It's many many billions of dollars of
taxes. So, and then they want to the
proposal is is to take money from this
capital allocator that's taken this
small amount. I think only 12 billion
was invested in SpaceX preipo
and he's turned it into a $2.2 trillion
company as we're we're talking about
this and they want to take the idea is
to reduce the amount of capital that
person has to give it to a government
that spends $7 trillion
a year. 1.8 trillion in deficit doing it
and you have all you you have what we
have. So it's a you know there's some
things I think you could meaningfully
debate here or there but I don't think
we should be putting arbitrary caps. I
think we should be there should be
inspiring more we want more of this in
our country and we want more of these
problems being solved for everybody in
the world.
&gt;&gt; So well said Jeeoff. Yeah. The irony is
that these politicians, whoever says it,
whoever attacks it, take a look how much
money they're making. They make more
money than Elon is pulling out in terms
of salary and how much money he's got
available. I mean to a certain extent,
but I mean the other thing you haven't
mentioned is the product. So you create
a company, you hire a bunch of
employees, you pay these employees,
they've created a product. That product
can only succeed, that company only
becomes mega cap if people want to buy
that product. There's a value being
offered and that it's important product
that people want so badly. Self-driving
cars that reduces accidents, right?
Satellite communication that people
around the world couldn't get before.
They found it more valuable and
neurolink, you know, people are making
people blind, see again, solving uh
paralysis, controlling computers. I
mean, these are you are inventing things
that people want. If they didn't want
it, the company wouldn't be worth that.
And then you cannot sell that. It's like
if can you can you sell a trillion
dollars worth of stock tomorrow and then
have a trillion dollars of cash in your
bank account and then so you can give it
away to everybody? You can't.
&gt;&gt; First of all, he's he's held this his
stock options. He's actually not he's
restricted from selling for five in some
cases 10 years from now. And then two,
if he does, what what happens to the
market value? It doesn't go become worth
a trillion anymore. It goes half of that
or less. It's ridiculous. But you know,
he's obviously making fun of it. He
goes, Elon, you know, this guy goes,
Elon Musk needs another 998 trillion to
become humanity's first quadrillionaire.
Elon CC senator Warren uh and then Elon
replies saying, "Not impossible, but
definitely requires factories on the
moon and Mars to achieve. But then I
don't think dollars will be used as
currency, just mass and energy." Okay.
Uh Ron Baron did address Elon becoming a
trillionaire. Uh let's listen to what
his approach is
&gt;&gt; to change everyone's life.
&gt;&gt; Changing lives.
&gt;&gt; Do you think he felt a sense of
satisfaction on Friday? Because
obviously he's not driven by the same
things as everybody else.
&gt;&gt; Well, if you're worth a trillion or two
or three trillion or five, what
difference does it make? And and uh
that's not what he's interested in. He's
he's trying to save humanity. And when I
was listening to the interview that he
did with Jamie Diamond on Friday night,
I guess it was uh or Thursday night um
for the road show in the JP Morgan
headquarters. By the way, JP Morgan,
that's the most incredible building I've
ever been in my life.
&gt;&gt; And so I was listening to the interview
and the last question was, "So, so Elon,
every time I talk with you, I learn
something. Every time I talk with you, I
learn something." And so, so you know,
what do you what do you think? uh about
about this and he says well um I'm
hoping that some future AI will say not
a bad job for human and uh you know so
so his goal is not the way other
people's goals are outlined and so when
he's talking about what he's done so far
that's just the beginning and
&gt;&gt; what do you think Jeeoff
&gt;&gt; it is just the beginning and it's it's
scary how things can accelerate here
scary in a good way how things can
accelerate. I just I go back to uh
injection of capital and output. We we
looks like we're on the precipice right
now and it's not stopping of a a
self-driving system that could knock the
uh the rate of serious injury and death
right now. We know 115 people in the US
are getting killed somewhere in that
area every single day. And if and if you
theoretically could get to all
self-driving Teslas out there, that
could be knocked down by 90% 85 90%.
That's a big that's a big deal. I I I
mean, this has been created. This has
been developed. It's here. And we want
more of that. And I mean, right now
right now, again, we we we give 7
trillion to the government and 500 plus
billion are wasted in fraud, maybe more.
This is what these are some of the early
estimates. So I I just I mean again
we're clearly pro um him and his
companies on this channel and for good
reason. The reasons that we're
describing. We're not saying everything
is perfect. We're not saying every word
that comes out is perfect. Everything we
agree with is it's it's not the case.
It's more of like this greater good kind
of thing. And it's not even close
actually. So I I just think we need to
let when people are proven at taking
capital and converting it for the
greater good and of course it's going to
involve them as well but if you look at
the net output of what they're producing
I mean he may be and his companies and
his product lines may be the largest
carbon reducing
uh
&gt;&gt; set of ideas and and product lines. I
mean again before uh the the Model S
launched I think there were 15 to 20,000
electric vehicles sold in the US and now
you know there's millions on the road
and it wouldn't have happened without
with with what he did. So I just find it
interesting that if you have this
platform if you want you have this
decarbonization platform you have this
space fairing platform like you're
either like you're pro it shouldn't
matter who the who the person is per se
it's more of like are we achieving these
results in the greater good but anyway
we could we could talk to her blue in
the face I think just things are going
to keep moving and I think right now
it's it's kind of at this stage where
there's a lot of capital that's being
sucked
from the marketplace to these companies
and there's a big question out there is
AI going to produce and I think it
already is and I think I think the
opposite of a lot of the concerns are
actually happening and will happen and
but we'll we'll have to see how things
play out. I think there's going to be
bumps along the way, but I think we're
going to be in a much better place and
we're not we've just gotten started
people I know there's a lot of question
of like do we need all this orbital
compute like we just we've really gotten
the process of building on Earth just
started and the I think you have to I
think you have to look at the output to
answer the question. The output is right
now we just have self-driving Teslas and
chat bots. We don't have massive disease
discovery in in cures. We don't have a
massive change in our educa approach to
education. We don't have a massive
change in automation in AI uh in our
manufacturing. Like none of those things
even exist yet. And of course, we don't
have humanoid robots. And so we're we're
we're just you have to look at the
answer and the opportunity to know that
there's just so much more to do and
there's so much more investment needed.
I was just talking to a friend this
weekend about how uh climate change is
is getting very scary now because people
are seeing all-time, you know, record
highs and record lows of temperature
that is disrupting many cities that they
live in. And they're very very afraid
about what's going to be the future. And
I was saying, well, you know, AI is
going to do a lot of good things and
it's going to do a lot of bad things. I
don't know where it's going to land, but
one of the things I'm pretty confident
about is AI could help solve climate
change. Um, right, once you get to that
level of ASI and AGI, they'll find ways
to help us get there.
Uh
so okay I want to uh share this um
lengthy post by this person because I
think it's a way to think of SpaceX and
why what a significance was and why it's
it's the business model why some people
are are really excited about this it as
a stock. So he starts off saying uh
SpaceX closed its first day of trading
at 2.1 trillion. Everyone's looking at
the number. No one's looking at what
it's actually pricing. Why did people
bet this up to $2 trillion? Let me tell
you what the market just bought and why
I think this company will be worth 30 to
50 trillion in 5 years. Okay, another
crazy uh forecast here. So, first he
goes the symbolism. This IPO is a
referendum. On one side, 20 years of
talk about degrowth, soetary,
redistribution, the end of history
managed by committees. On the other, a
man who said, "I'm going to make
humanity multilanetary whom everyone
treated like a clown who just created
the largest publicly traded company in
history starting from a warehouse in
Elsagundo. The market voted woke had HR
department, SpaceX had rockets, the
rockets won." What do you think about
that, Jeff? That is it symbolically
people are betting for the future and
technology
&gt;&gt; for sure. I mean, people know
where their dollars
need to go to secure their future.
people know. I mean, you you could be
for certain things and concerned about
certain things, but that's why a lot of
these things I I've seen some of these
podcasts and people that are just I
mean, they're just hand they're they're
handling they're so incensed by the
success of what of what's happening here
that they're trying to figure out, well,
the best way to do it is through the
pocketbook and and protest these, you
know, don't buy these
Look, let's get into the moat
conversation. If you're not buying
capacity on Starship and Falcon 9 to get
product into orbit, you're buying it
from the Russians and the Chinese.
&gt;&gt; Mhm. If you're not buying Starlink
because you want to you want to fold
your arm, well then what are you buying
in places that can't even get internet
all over the world, much less uh you
know the reliability and performance and
the cost to put terrestrial. So the
modes here are are pretty large
and they're almost going to be
unavoidable by political
stripes and and that that's where I see
it going. I think you're going to hear
the noise and you're going to see a lot
of noise in this. But in reality, the
only reason that there is so much noise
is because Elon has chosen a direction,
at least in the near- term, even though
he's been he's spoken out against the
current administration. He's been very
he's very viciously spoken out against
their the chief kind of policy, this one
big beautiful bill, and and he's been
he's attacked. So I but all that gets
disregarded. The only we I mean there
would be throwing ticker tape parades
for SpaceX for Elon for what they've
accomplished
uh you know getting astronauts
into orbit again and and and all the
work that's being done internet to the
people that the less fortunate during
these natural disasters. These are all
things that I mean be getting like a
Nobel Peace Prize for some of this work.
But I know you I know there's a bit of
of baggage with some of these things,
but I again I think he's actually going
to transcend beyond this is all just
noise on earth kind of back and forth of
like and it could be existential if it's
not managed properly. That's why he's
concerned about vocism and some of these
other things. But I I think he's
ultimately going to rise above it. And
and I I think people are my hopes are is
that as we get closer uh to these points
in time where there may be these
political transitions
that
things kind of cool off on on on both
sides a bit. But I don't know. But I
just that they just there's a little bit
more of embracing him and the work that
he's doing. But I don't know. I mean he
himself is very polarizing as well
&gt;&gt; and he has he has beliefs
&gt;&gt; that sense
and nobody should be saying you can't
say this or you can't say that.
&gt;&gt; True. So
&gt;&gt; yeah. Okay. U so that's the culture the
the the way he's viewed but let's talk
about the actual business for SpaceX. Uh
this guy did a good job explaining it.
He said the economic mechanics. Okay.
Because that that's where everyone's
getting it wrong. Analysts value SpaceX
as a launch company plus Starling. It's
like valuing the internet in 1995 based
on a fax market. Starship doesn't reduce
the cost per kilo in orbit by 20%. It
divides it by 100. And every time in
history that an infrastructure cost has
been divided by 100, it's not the
existing market that grows. It's entire
industries that are born. The cost of
computation divided by 100 gave us the
internet, the smartphone AI, the cost of
orbit divided by 100 will give us a
complete space economy. Let's list what
becomes profitable when the kilo in
orbit cost the price of an airline
airplane ticket. Orbital data centers
with continuous solar power and free
cooling right at the exact moment when
AI's exploding terrestrial energy
demand. Microgravity manufacturing of
semiconductors, optical fibers, printed
organs impossible to produce under
gravity. Mass orbital tourism. Lunar
hotels which will go from fantasy to
business plan exactly like luxury
cruises in the 20th century.
Point-to-point terrestrial transport.
Paris of Tokyo in 40 minutes. The
asteroid mining industry where a single
M-class body contains more metals than
all humanity has extracted since the
Neolithic and Mars in sight not as a
tourist destination but as the largest
infrastructure project ever undertaken
with all that implies in demand for
energy, materials, robotics and AI.
I think that's a a well explained thing
which is if something is able to be done
by 100 times cheaper. This is where
people can't understand they can't they
break their brain when they realize that
the cost of a rocket is now the same
price as an airline going from LA to
Tokyo same price. If if you're about
that price you have changed something
completely and now AI data centers
become possible. All these things he
just listed become possible. That's the
difference. It's like opening up
multiple markets all at once. Not just,
oh, he's let's take a look at Starlink
and let's price out how many Starlink
communication customers he'll get and
how much they'll pay per month. It's
like that's one of many, many things.
&gt;&gt; Well, he said he sees double digit GDPs
in 18 months and triple digit inside of
a few years. And and he I think he's
seeing it from these I think people and
rightly so. they're kind of bound by
what they see today. And that's why you
have the trailing 12-month crew of
trying to evaluate a company like SpaceX
uh on a trailing 12-month view. And
they're they're kind of just bound by
what's been done versus looking and
they're just different kinds of
investors. But for one to say that
they're right and the one to say that
you're totally wrong, they're that
that's also not not correct either. It's
this is what what makes a market. But I
think people tend to be bound by what
they've seen or what others say is
possible. But this is I mean this is
what you're getting with Elon and his
companies. This is why he's trying to
solve uh people that have vision
problems or they're totally blind and
trying to give them the ability to see
with with Neurolink and the ability to
control movement with their mind. I
these are things that were once thought
to be either impossible or difficult to
at all or difficult to do at scale and
he's I think what Elon does better than
anybody is trying to think about what's
either impossible to do even on a one of
but really how do you get that to
something that's scalable that can
really impact humanity. So he's right
he's talking about the cost per kilogram
to orbit. I mean, this is the right way
to think about it and the cost you can
then convert that to compute and the the
cost per token in orbit. And I think if
you start putting these things together,
you're going to see that there's going
to be significant efficiencies in this
approach. It's just more of like how do
we get from point A to point B. But what
I find fascinating is that there are
people that are pretty smart people in
in their own industries. they they don't
have the expertise that Elon does with
space. But there's people that have gone
on the record, you know, people
hyperscalers
that are saying that, you know, they're
kind of laughing off orbital data
centers and they don't realize like a V
like a a Starlink satellite what it what
it actually represents in space and in
the amount of tech that's already in
there and what a V3 satellite will be
that we are putting chips in space. We
are putting compute in space. We are
putting these these communication lasers
between in space. Like this is already
actually happening.
&gt;&gt; And that the jump from that to AI data
center isn't as big as people think it's
going from zero to AI data center. And
Elon's in his head like we're actually
doing a lot of this stuff
&gt;&gt; already. Um so so what this person, this
gentleman is getting to is most people
are bound by kind of law of large
numbers. what they see today, what they
experience today, the rate at which
people do things today. Colossus one 122
days that typically takes companies
three years to do. There are reasons for
these these demonstrated results. Not
everything is a home run. Not everything
is perfect. The media tends to focus on
things and everything that goes wrong.
But there is enough signal here that
there are some very special things that
are happening at this company and that
that is where you get this mark. That's
where you get a market. This is why you
have a company today that's trading at
2.3 trillion that sold $18 billion worth
of product last year.
&gt;&gt; I like the way you explain uh time
frames. Maybe you should do that today.
So it's one thing for people to say,
"Hey, I don't I don't get it because
SpaceX," and it's fair. You you can have
absolutely your logic and it's true,
isn't it? This is how much revenue
Starlink can make right now. Okay, they
got it. This guy's trying to explain you
got to think of it a certain a different
way. It's magnitude's different. But the
other argument is, okay, I get it.
Orbital data center is a big thing.
Asteroid mining, oh my god, someday
space-based solar power. Oh my god,
these are decades away. And he they
could be right. Elon goes, "No, I'll
have a trillion dollars by 2030." Yeah,
sure. I mean he he does this a lot. He
will say giant numbers takes a lot
longer doesn't happen eventually does
but it doesn't happen in his time frame.
Uh what's your how do you explain that
to people? How to think about it?
&gt;&gt; Well I think the way so first off Elon
has an approach of putting extremely
difficult tasks on himself and his team
and then trying to um and trying to get
as close as possible to delivering that.
I think I think it's hard to argue that
things are never delivered. I think
there there may be some examples of
that, but I versus things that
eventually do get delivered and they
they are gamechanging, but the element
um the the element of time piece of it's
just I I view it in a number of
different ways, but really it's the the
moat that's created in some of these
modes. There's not a clear number two
that's emerging that. Oh, they're
they're they're going to be just like
SpaceX, but they're just four or five
years behind. We don't we don't actually
have that. I mean, some may argue Blue
Origin may get there at some point, but
I I think the MOEs are being measured in
decades.
When I say decades, not maybe multiple
decades, but a half decade, a full
decade. These are things these modes
aren't being measured in months or even
a few years.
And I think that's that's very
important. I think the other thing is
people like to compare him and his
companies and his projects to existing
things that have been in operation. And
Tesla starts up and starts building up a
robo taxi service and like oh this this
one's already had it's already got, you
know, x number of thousand. So Tesla's
just they're not there. Well, they're
starting at different points in time,
but the slope of the curve is what's
important. So the the slope of the curve
that he is going to produce in terms of
orbital compute and tokens per kilogram
in space and the cost of getting that
into space that slope of that curve is
going to exceed the cost structure in
time to to install that terrestrially on
Earth pretty quickly. And that's that's
the thing in his head that he's building
all this around. So anyway, it's it's
kind of a it's kind of a deep like
longer I think longer form discussion,
but I would just say the the length of
these moes are extremely long and it's
sometimes it's not even clear if there
is a competitor in some respects at the
scale that he's he's driving towards.
Which one of these numbers do you
believe better when he says uh SpaceX
will be a trillion dollars by 2030 or
that we'll have a gigawatt by 2027 by
next year? AI data center gigawatt.
&gt;&gt; Um I mean I I think the 2027 one I I I
think that they will start moving
product to test in space next year. I
don't know if it's going to be at that
at that volume. And that's harder to
say, but I think it's that first step of
just getting product up there, getting
testing going, getting data back, and
then from there, he's building the
volume machine in the background once he
figures out if that if that works. But
man, you just look at the collection of
what he's building and what what they're
doing and trying to catch the the
booster and the main vehicle together. I
just it's it's ultimately mindboggling.
the 2031 and the trillion in revenue. I
think it's very difficult to project
revenue
&gt;&gt; that many years in advance. It's more of
like I think he's just seeing the the a
momentum and he's trying to put a pin in
something and just give an estimate of
where he sees things. And of course, so
he's going to caveat it with there's a
tremendous amount of execution from
where we are today to get to that. But
um I think he believes it's possible or
he wouldn't he wouldn't say it. I I have
the same uh reaction to you. If it's
revenue, I don't believe it because it's
too uh too much
variables that he doesn't know. When
it's something like uh he's predicting
something that's going to happen in
future, he's often correct the further
out it is. The shorter version, the 2027
1 gawatt, I listen to Gwen Shawwell more
than him. First, she's very confident
they're going to have, you know,
Starship ready in orbit orbit by next by
this end by this year. Then the question
is, can they get to, you know, one every
two days kind of cadence next year?
Probably not. But as you say, well, is
it something that's never been done
before? Yeah, it's never been done
before. But they have done it for
Falcon. Now, this is a whole new
Starship is very different than Falcon.
But could they then eventually turn
Starship into like a Falcon cadence?
Yes. Next year I'll I'll I'll cut that
in half. And uh but it's it's it's Gwyn
who's her confidence level is pretty
high. So I trust her forecast more than
him.
&gt;&gt; Traditional fintech media don't
understand the moes that are being
created. Like we were on this show,
Herbert talking about how quickly that
Elon was building these these data
centers and the speed at which and then
the size of the cluster, the fact that
he can get them all working coherently
and and that that was a very special
thing and it kicked off this flywheel of
a supply chain. And we talked about this
months and months ago on your show of
how valuable that would be. And lo and
behold, months later, he has now turned
this into the fourth fourth biggest
cloud provider in a couple of months.
And now this is a significant and huge
business.
&gt;&gt; There you go.
&gt;&gt; And
&gt;&gt; yeah,
&gt;&gt; there's that's a there's a big
difference. Like this that conversation
wasn't happening
&gt;&gt; on a CNBC or a Fox business. It was, oh,
there's he's got extra compute because
Grock's not good.
Well, no. Anthropic and Gemini, two of
the leading frontier models, said, "I
want to buy that compute capacity
because of its size, its coherence, and
the flexibility in this deal that
they're paying the money for it." And
people don't understand. They just want
to like believe it's it's some sort of
like Elon screw up and and not
understand that there's actual moat
being built in in data center
production.
&gt;&gt; I love what you said. I think that's the
thing that nailed it on the head. So
nothing happened for years. We watch uh
data centers being put up but people see
nothing. Then in a matter of one month
$26 billion run rate per year signed
contracts. If you if you do a run rate
12 months per Google and with anthropic
it's about $26 billion per year run
rate. Take that in.
&gt;&gt; I'm screw listening to some of these
analysts and some of these people. They
don't know a moat that's being created
when it's being created. The actual
operators, the hyperscalers, they know
that a mode is being created and that's
why they're that's why they're going to
it. And SpaceX is in control of the
allocation. That's key. Just like Nvidia
is in control of the TSMC allocation of
who gets chips. We can only build so
much who gets it. We can there's only so
much available ready now compute out
there. I mean, Anthropic's using it
right away. I Anyway, so just I I don't
think it's well understood because it's
these things are quite difficult and
they're they're quite difficult to fit
into a three and a half minute segment
on
uh a TV show and you've got to
understand and think through these
things in kind of more long form to
understand and that's the investors are
speaking. This is why this is why the
company's bit up to where it is.
&gt;&gt; Thank you so much, Jeeoff. Appreciate
you. Follow Jeff on his ex account at
the Jeffoff Lutz. Thanks everybody.
&gt;&gt; Thank you.
&gt;&gt; I've created a website that is the most
comprehensive resource for the Tesla
investor. Please check it out. Simply go
to my website at herbalm.com.