Channel:     farzad-fm
Title:       A Secret Economic Boom No One Is Talking About
URL:         https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=B2cJHxVjuf4
Published:   2026-08-17 13:26 UTC
Fetched:     2026-08-17 14:00 UTC

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Look at this beautiful empty piece of
land in the middle of nowhere, Wyoming.
It's 1,500 acres at a price of about
$15,000
an acre, which is about 75% cheaper than
the average price per acre in the US for
a standard metropolitan area. Which kind
of makes sense, right? In a metro area,
you get a ton of access to things to do,
restaurants, you got plumbing, you got
roads. But, what if I told you that that
random piece of land in Wyoming is going
to be far, far, far more valuable than
almost anything else in the United
States for reasons almost no one could
ever dream about. And no, it's not
because of freaking data centers, I
promise. It's something far, far more
valuable. There's a secret boom going on
that very few people have woken up to,
and it has everything to do with the
technologies that are about to transform
how we do everything in the next 5 to 10
years. If you don't watch this video,
you're going to miss out on one of the
largest changes in human history, far
larger than the Industrial Revolution,
even the invention of agriculture or
fire or the wheel. That's because
AI-powered robotics and autonomous
machines are beginning to attack the
cost of turning an empty piece of land
into a fully function and fully
developed one, where one can live at a
fraction of the cost while being built
at speeds no one thought possible. If
that works, some land we currently treat
as nearly useless could be repriced very
fast, and new cities and towns will
begin popping up everywhere in the
United States and in the world that very
few people would have ex- pected. Now, a
lot of people will hear that and will
either chuckle to themselves and close
this video or buy whatever cheap land
they can find. Both of those are
terrible moves and ideas, especially the
first one. Don't do the first one or the
second one. What I really want to do is
show you the economic mechanisms behind
this idea and make it tangible with a
town of 500 people and 2,000 robots.
But, before we do that, for those of you
that would look at opportunities like
this one like a freaking hawk for
investing reasons who are also big-time
investors in companies like Tesla. I
want to introduce Rebellionaire, the
sponsor of today's video. Bradford
Ferguson and Matt Smith, who both run
Rebellionaire, are big-time retail
investors in Tesla just like many of you
that watch my channel often, who have
done tons of unique and insightful
research around things like FSD, Optimus
robot, Tesla energy, and the entire Musk
ecosystem. So, they understand exactly
where you're coming from, but they're
also professionals. And through
Rebellionaire, they specialize in
helping investors like you with big
concentrated investments to protect
yourself from downside risk while
growing your share account over time
using strategies like trimming and
adding or covered calls. Not only that,
they can also help you to create a money
master plan from your financial first
principles. If that sounds interesting
to you and you've got at least a $2
million position in Tesla or more, you
can head on over to
rebellionaire.com/farzad
using the link in the description or the
comment section below to learn more
about their services. And thanks again
to our long-time sponsor Rebellionaire
for sponsoring this video. All right,
now, back to land. I need you to think
about this entire idea in two separate
pieces. Here's the first one. Land in
underdeveloped places could skyrocket in
value because the cost of robotics,
energy, labor, and intelligence are all
falling. Those are the inputs required
to build roads, homes, power systems,
farms, factories, and almost everything
else that makes a place useful. I will
go in depth into all these ideas. Now,
here's the second piece to that idea. We
could get a boom in companies that build
towns and cities from scratch. If you
gave a company a fleet of useful robots,
either humanoid or otherwise, and highly
capable AI, city building will start to
look less like a government project
mired in red tape, regulations, and
NIMBYism, not in my backyard, and more
like a product. The more you think about
those two ideas, the more they look like
one thesis. Now, at the foundation, we
need to understand how land prices work,
which to a lot of people can feel
mysterious, but the basic mechanism is
pretty simple. A parcel is worth some
portion of what people can do with it
minus the cost and risk of making it
useful. So, take two pieces of land with
the same views and the same weather.
Let's say one has a road, power, and
clean water, internet, a legal title,
and permissions to build, and the other
one has none of those things. They may
be 20 mi apart, but economically, they
offer completely different value
propositions. The reality is that the
expensive part is the bundle of systems
around that land, basically the things
that make the land productive. So, when
a new technology lowers the cost of one
of those systems, land value can change.
Let's just say it gets easier to develop
the land with all these crazy robots to
actually build a house, land prices will
move given that new reality. But, when
several costs fall together like
developing the land, but also building
the house, generating electricity,
access to water, the build out of
utilities, a way to affect or protect
from weather, the entire system is
disrupted and new things that were
impossible to do before suddenly become
possible. And intelligence, the most
important component of this entire
system, is already going through that
process. Stanford's Institute for
Human-Centered Artificial Intelligence
publishes a yearly report that tracks
the cost and capability of AI. It's 2025
report found that the cost of using a
model performing around the level of
GPT-3.5 from back in 2022 fell more than
280-fold between November of 2022 and
October of 2024. The reason why this is
such a big deal is because machine
intelligence that can plan, analyze,
translate, and coordinate work is
getting dramatically cheaper extremely
quickly. That intelligence can design a
site, it can create engineering options,
it can coordinate schedules, order
materials, diagnose equipment, and run
many of the services a small community
needs over long periods of time. And get
this, the US Department of Energy has
been supporting off-site construction,
robotics, and digital building design
because conventional construction has
struggled to produce the same long-term
productivity gains seen in many other
industries. One Energy Department backed
modular housing project use automated
steel framing and reported up to a 46%
reduction in construction time compared
with traditional wood framing. Now, fast
forward that factory 5 to 10 years into
the future and connect it to autonomous
delivery of pieces through semi-trucks,
boats, planes, drones, whatever. Then
add robotic site preparation with
autonomous big rigs and machine operated
equipment and eventually general-purpose
robots like humanoids that handle the
weird final tasks that humans are great
at doing today. And you might be
thinking to yourself, "Yeah, right. That
stuff's like at least 30 years away, at
least. Please give me some of whatever
you're smoking right now, Farsad. This
is crazy talk. But, if I told you fully
autonomous robots already exist in the
millions of units right now in the US,
but no one even notices them, what would
you say? One of those robots is probably
parked right outside of your house. And
it's somehow simultaneously one of the
best and worst-kept secrets in the
entire world. That's because Tesla's
cars with full self-driving or FSD are
already doing most of the things that
would require fully autonomous systems
to execute in the real physical world.
Tesla's nine-camera system paired with
an AI computer on board in their cars is
already allowing customers in the US to
drive from coast to coast without ever
touching the steering wheel and pedals
through any road network, through all
kinds of weather, and parking lot to
parking lot. These cars can do this
because Tesla has developed an entire
end-to-end neural network AI system that
has taught the car how to drive just
like a human would by using billions of
miles from regular customers. And that
same end-to-end system that allows Tesla
cars, which really should be called
Tesla robots, to autonomously navigate
the world will be used to power their
humanoid robot called Optimus, which is
designed to do any task a human can do
in the physical world by looking at
video of someone doing it and just
learning from it. Just like you or I can
go on YouTube right now to watch a video
on someone fixing a faucet or a pipe or
something. Optimus will be able to do
that same exact thing, or maybe he can
even learn how to do kung fu just like
Neo from The Matrix.
&gt;&gt; I know kung fu.
&gt;&gt; That same exact technology with what's
called world models is being worked on
across not just Tesla and humanoids and
cars, but at tons of different companies
on drones, heavy machinery, trucks,
purpose-built robots, and essentially
every mechanical use case you can think
of. So, the robots are indeed coming,
but what about powering that whole
system? Great. Now you've got a brand
new city, but how are you actually going
to power it with all these freaking
robots? We all know the electric grid in
the United States especially is a total
mess, but guess what? I have very good
news for you. The International Energy
Agency reported that onshore wind and
solar were the two lowest cost sources
of new electricity generation globally
in 2024 when compared on lifetime cost
per unit of electricity. And the best
part is wind and solar happen to be the
most plentiful energy sources by far,
essentially infinite in the entire
world. We're now at a point where solar
panels have gotten so dirt cheap that
it's become more economical than natural
gas and oil in a lot of places in the
world. It's the biggest reason why Texas
has a larger buildout of solar than any
other state in the US, even more than
California. And California is known for
pushing initiatives like these. And
we're not even talking about China,
which is going absolutely ballistic on
solar buildout and is building out five
times more capacity per year than Texas.
And just in 2025, China installed more
in a single year than the US has ever
installed in its history. So, if Texas
and China are driving it hard, that
should tell you absolutely everything
about this trend. So, the question
becomes, what happens when all of those
costs fall together? It means that
building things get way cheaper and way
faster. Empowering those systems got way
cheaper and way more plentiful. So,
let's run the exercise in our imaginary
town in Wyoming with those 500 people
and 2,000 robots. It's time to
role-play. The town begins with good
land, water rights, legal permission to
build, and a connection to the outside
world. Solar and batteries, the same
ones in the tens of millions of electric
cars all around the world, supply much
of the power. You might have a local
microgrid, which is a small power
network that can operate on its own.
That will keep the town running if the
larger grid fails. Then, you have
robotic equipment that clears and grades
the site. You'll have automated
factories produce standardized wall
panels, roof systems, pipes, utility
modules. Construction robots assemble
all the pieces that can be repeatable,
and then humans handle inspections,
those difficult connections, and the
problems that still require judgment
that a robot will need help with. Those
first robots build housing for the
people who operate the town. Then,
they'll build protected storage for
themselves and workshops, maybe a
clinic, a school, greenhouses, water
treatments, and more power if needed. A
portion of the fleet starts to form and
harvest the land as autonomous trucks
bring in supplies from local supply
chains, while another group maintains
roads, solar arrays, batteries, water
systems, and buildings. Some move
freight, some clean, and some inspect
equipment to catch failures before they
become emergencies. Now, those 2,000
robots don't all have to be humanoids.
They can literally be anything, and they
most probably should not all be
humanoids. You're going to have machines
that are built only to dig trenches,
which will beat a humanoid holding a
freaking shovel any day of the week. A
robot that farm should look like a farm
robot. A delivery robot should be
designed around cargo. But, humanoids
become very useful for the areas and
pieces that those machines can't get to
or areas that are specific for humans.
So, places with stairs, doors, tools,
shelves, ladders, kitchens, repair work,
medicine, you get the idea. And by now,
after all of this is built and enough
data is gathered, AI becomes the town's
knowledge layer. That knowledge layer
will help a nurse prepare case for a
remote doctor and gives a mechanic
access to specialized diagnostics help.
It tutors students. It models water
demand and adjust the systems
accordingly. It balances the microgrid.
It helps people on what to work on next,
etc., etc., etc. Now, the key thing is
that humans still own the decisions in
this system and the town is free to
trade and commingle with the outside
world. Being self-sufficient doesn't
have to mean isolated, but it does mean
the community can support far more daily
life with far fewer people and that
daily life can look literally like
whatever that community wants it to look
like. The city can be as big as they
want it to be or as small as they want
it to be. That is a gigantic change from
where we are today. Really think about
it for a second. Small towns have always
faced a scale problem. How does a
community of 500 people support a
full-time expert in every medical field
or every type of engineering or every
type of trade, school subject, every
part of local government? It can't. It's
literally impossible. Very few people
would actively want to live in a small
town of less than 500 people with
today's technology. Large cities solve
that problem with density. Millions of
people create enough demand to support
millions of specialized roles while
putting workers near employers,
suppliers near customers, capital near
founders, and institutions near one
another. And in this new world, AI and
robots will strongly weaken those
reasons for concentration. When
expertise or skilled labor can arrive
through a screen, a machine, or
autonomous service, a town needs fewer
specialists living inside its borders.
That much is obvious. When physical work
can be supplied by machines, the town
needs fewer workers to maintain a larger
base of infrastructure. When
transportation becomes cheaper and
autonomous, how far away you are from
somewhere doesn't really matter that
much. Now, it doesn't mean that these
cities or megacities or metro areas will
die off. People like cities. We've had
them for literally forever. Cities are
filled with talent networks and
universities, culture, nightlife,
friendships, unexpected encounters that
people literally die for. Density
creates real economic and social value,
but living in a megacity could become a
choice for more people instead of the
price of admission
to modern life. That will open the door
to smaller communities built around a
shared industry, a climate preference,
or a schooling system, a research lab,
cultural identity, or simply a different
way of living life. So, the obvious
conclusion is that cheap land today,
especially land that is blessed with
natural beauty and above-average
weather, goes up in value by a
tremendous amount as the cost and speed
of prospecting, developing, and building
on that land improves. But if robots
make roads, utilities, and buildings
cheaper, they increase the total amount
of land humans can use. A larger supply
of usable land can push average land
prices down. Now, even though it's true
that physical structures become
commoditized, the valuable land needs
something that machines cannot make more
of. And people might think access to
water is the easiest example. The U.S.
Geological Survey's National Water
Assessment says the country has enough
water overall, but not in every place at
every time. Quantity, quality, and legal
access all vary, but the same technology
that will make building buildings easier
will also make desalination plants much
easier to build, as well as the pipes
and the transport systems to bring that
water to places that need it. But,
climate is a different story, at least
for the next couple decades. Technology
can make a harsh climate more livable,
just like air conditioning helped unlock
the American Sun Belt. You could, in
theory, create gigantic transparent
domes that retract when the weather is
nice and close down when it isn't, but
that is a massively difficult problem to
solve that will likely require multiple
decades. But, how convenient would it be
to solve this problem on Earth and then
adopt that technology in habitats like
on the moon or on Mars? Seems like a
no-brainer. You test it out on Earth and
you ship it everywhere else. Now,
property rights are another thing to
think about. piece of land in the world
has limited value if property rights
aren't well-defined and reliable. For
example, a World Bank study of a land
title program in Ghana found that the
program did not produce every promised
benefit, including more borrowing or
agricultural investment, but it did
change how households use labor and land
and land values rose. The broader lesson
here is that a title alone is not
enough. There needs to be secure
ownership and laws that protect it that
will still affect whether people can
invest, trade, and plan around a
property. And permitting rights may
become even more valuable as
construction gets cheaper. If 10
companies can manufacture buildings, but
only one piece of land is legally
allowed to add homes, the scarce asset
is permission. The Organization for
Economic Cooperation and Development, a
group that compares policy across mostly
developed economies, calls land use
regulation a key determinant of housing
supply. But, things like energy are
solvable with access to local energy
sources like the sun, wind, geothermal
resources, grid connections to nearby
power plants that are built by those
autonomous robots, right? And cheap and
plentiful battery storage. Connectivity
and internet also becomes extremely
solvable with things like SpaceX's
Starlink, which with their brand new
rocket Starship will make fast, cheap
internet basically available everywhere
in the world. I talked deeply about all
of these trends in my new book Abundance
or Collapse, which helps people position
themselves on the winning side of the AI
disruption. If you're interested, I have
links for that in the description and
the comment section below. But, then
there's the most overlooked asset of all
that's still true today. A functioning
community people want to join. You can
literally automate trash collection
until you're blue in the face, but you
cannot mass-produce trust. A town still
needs competent leadership, fair rules,
good neighbors, safety, shared spaces,
and some reason for people to care about
its future. So, in the end, the most
valuable land in this future will have
four distinct variables. A scarce
attribute that robots' AI will not
easily solve for, like natural beauty or
weather. A price for land that is still
low relative to competition. A
development or build-out problem that
technology can actually solve. And
institutions in that jurisdiction moving
in the right direction to facilitate the
above. All four need to exist together.
The land that is most primed for this
disruption has a feature or set of
variables that people will compete for
and a reason the market discounts it
today that automated robots will solve.
That is the combination I would be
looking for. And history has done
versions of this before. Railroads
changed the value of access to markets.
Economists Dave Donaldson and Richard
Hornbeck studied the expansion of the US
railroad network from 1870 to 1890. They
found that better market access showed
up in agricultural land values the most.
The train made what the soil and farms
produced far cheaper to move and easier
to sell, which increased the value of
that land dramatically because if you
have more buyers, you can sell more
stuff without changing how much land you
have. Highways and freeways created
another round of repricing, especially
around real access points in a similar
way to trains. Air conditioning made hot
places far easier to live and work in.
We live in Texas and I'll tell you right
now the population here will be far
smaller if air conditioning wasn't an
option. Or what about places like
Arizona or Nevada? A National Academies
workshop report described air
conditioning as a major contributor to
the Sun Belt land boom and economic
development. But none of those
technologies made every piece of land a
winner. A railroad created more value
where it connected useful production to
a market while a highway created more
value where drivers could get on and
off. Air conditioning helped places that
also had jobs, housing, infrastructure,
and laws people could work with. And so
who built all of this? This sounds like
the next big thing, right? If this is
true, we're going to get a bunch of new
towns and cities, right? That otherwise
would have never existed. I actually
really think this may become one of the
most interesting new company categories
of the AI era. Some companies will sell
construction robots and others will
build automated factories for walls,
roofs, utility systems, and entire
rooms. Some will operate robot fleets as
a service, charging developers for
completed work instead of selling a
machine. You're going to have power
companies that will package solar and
batteries and backup generation and
microgrid software into one local
system, like companies like Tesla. Water
companies will build treatment,
recycling, monitoring, and leak
detection, while autonomous logistics
companies connect small communities to
regional warehouses and cities. Another
layer will handle the administrative
work like site selection, title
verification, insurance, financing,
permitting, building code compliance,
and ongoing town operations. Then a few
companies may combine the entire stack
and become vertically integrated. And
all these companies would do is sell
towns and cities to landowners. They
will find the land, they will secure the
rights, design the town, install the
utilities, manufacture the buildings,
deploy the machines, and operate the
shared services. The finished product
would be much closer to a functioning
community with every utility or service
you can think of rather than a house or
building. It would be like one of those
master plan communities in Texas and
Florida but taken to a whole new level.
So, the question becomes, if I'm really
right about this, which God knows if
I'll ever be, how would one capitalize
on all of this? None of this is
investment or financial advice, but this
is how I'm thinking about it. First,
what does this land have that technology
cannot reproduce? Things like climate,
views, mineral rights, access to a city,
or an existing community could qualify.
It is cheap is not an auto qualifier,
but it may be a useful variable. Second,
why is it cheap today? The answer needs
to be specific. High labor costs,
expensive power, bad road access,
permitting blocks, weak institutions, or
distance from services. Third, which
cost curve changes that piece of land
from cheap to expensive? Maybe it's
automated construction that removes high
labor costs. Batteries local power
reliable. Autonomous transport lessens
the remoteness of the area, or AI
reduces the cost of operating local
services. AI gets better is too vague.
You would have to identify the actual
machine, the job, or the cost it
removes. Fourth, can people legally
build and operate there? Title, zoning,
permits, environmental rules, building
codes, taxes, and political stability.
Fifth, where do water and energy come
from on the worst day? What about
droughts? Does it rain a lot? Heat
waves, tornadoes, hurricanes,
earthquakes. Sixth, how does the
community connect to the outside
economy? People, freight, data,
emergency services, and capital still
need a way in and out of the community.
And lastly, seventh, who actually wants
to live there? Even in an age of
abundance, people will want to do
valuable work. They'll seek
relationships, safety, education,
recreation, identity, and some belief
that the town will improve rather than
decay. Thank you so much for watching. I
hope this batshit crazy video was
informative and helpful, and we'll see
you in the next one. Take it easy,
everybody. Mwah.
Bye-bye.