Channel:     jobhakdi
Title:       Why Tesla Stock is DROPPING - And What I Do NEXT
URL:         https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=E1aHyw7OW4w
Published:   2026-09-28 19:29 UTC
Fetched:     2026-09-28 20:00 UTC

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Tesla today is dropping hard 3.36% down.
Why is that? Especially with all the
good news at the horizon. Let's start
with the bad news and what is going on
with Tesla today and then we can
understand why there's a lot of good
news against that backdrop weirdly
enough and what we are going to do next
with this all exciting stock that keeps
frustrating a lot of people. So what is
actually going on today is the
following. We came out with not we some
other people came out with some bad news
about uh Tesla deliveries and when you
look closer you see that Tesla
deliveries actually came in estimated
lower than expected. So what we see here
is that JP Morgan came out with a note
that they believe near-term delivery
test uh they say as Wall Street trims Q3
estimates and watches US and China
demand closely at the same time
investors focus remains on autonomy
subscriptions and new vehicle programs.
So analyst views here is the news. JP
Morgan cut its Tesla target to 315.
That's bad. That's ridiculous by the
way. And kept a neutral rating. It also
lowered Q3 delivery expectations to
about 482,000 units because of
weaknesses in the US and China. Let's
see if JP Morgan is right about that. I
have my doubts. I also have my doubts
it's that important. So, I do think
they're making a mistake here. And the
stock is definitely dropping because of
that. That's the only bad news we
actually have today for Tesla.
Everything else looks pretty golden. We
are going to go into the golden aspects
of the good news in a second. But here's
the point. If JP Morgan, that's a big
bank. It's actually the biggest of all
banks. When they say no, cutting the
price tag to 115 and neutral rating cap,
that doesn't mean much and lowering Q3
delivery expectations, that means the
stock takes a hit if there is no other
news. Now, I do think, as you know, that
Tesla is dramatically undervalued, and I
mean that in the truest sense of the
word. When you look at the stock today
at 35979
as we speak, this stock belongs to a
totally different into a totally
different dimension than what we are
here right now. And you see I always
refer to the all-time highs or last year
488 a time a point in time when Tesla
was actually a much weaker company with
much more risk much more unknowns about
the truly important things which are not
deliveries. And by the way, I think JP
Morg might be wrong on the delivery
estimates. I think Tesla sees a very
very nice rise in demand because of oil
because of FSD. FSD adoption is going up
dramatically with FSD improving that
increases margin that increases also
demand. So I think we're in a very good
position. 2026 is going to be much
better than 2025. But much more
important when we look at the actually
expectations the actual cash flows
coming into Tesla in the future it's all
about Cyber Cap and then 2030 plus 2029
plus it's going to be Optimus the
humanoid robot but cyber caps are at the
brink of inflection as we speak and we
know that Tesla is not trading at 1 what
is it 4 trillion right now market cap
because people believe they are going to
deliver more and more Model Y's even
though they will they're trading that
high because Tesla is the number one
physical AI company in the world. They
have a front row seat a pole position
for human robots and more importantly
for the next 3 4 years they are the
actual global leader uncontested by
anyone with a little bit of
understanding in autonomous transport.
Hey on this channel we do something very
important. We deeply analyze,
understand, and predict capital, AGI,
and politics. Not just to beat the
markets and make a lot of money, even
though that's important, but also to
build a new society and make the future
good for all of us, the pioneers. If you
want to help me on this journey, you can
do that by doing a very simple thing.
Like and subscribe. It helps me a lot.
Thank you so much for your support. And
let's get back to the video. When you
see the curve of that stuff going up of
the cyber caps, they are already at 50%
of Whimo, which took 15 years for Whimo
to get here and Tesla within one year is
already at 50% of Whimo. You can do the
math when they overtake them. Autonomous
transport is where the money is. And
that is what the stock is ignoring right
now. So this is not just about JP Morgan
being ridiculous right now. Totally
stupid price target of 415. These are
the people who are going to just adjust
their price target to wherever the stock
is. If the stock goes tomorrow to 1,000,
JP Morgan is going to say, "We thought
about it. We we maintain our neutral
rating, but increase the price target
from 450 into 1,50."
Because they have no clue what they're
doing. They have no foresight into the
future. They can't model out these
things. Especially JP Morgan is very bad
at that. Maybe Dan Ies is better. Maybe
Gene Monster is better. Maybe Morgan
Stanley and Adam Jonas are better. Maybe
Arin Invest is better. But the other
banks forget it. They don't even know
how this works. So they can't do the
math. They can't triangulate reality in
any reasonable sense. And therefore,
they're totally wrong. So what we need
to do here is maintain our clear focus
on the future and understand where this
money is coming from. These cash flows
that will drive the stock up. We have to
understand why the market actually
pushed Tesla to 488 last year. Now the
NASDAQ is actually up compared to that
point in time, but Tesla is down a lot.
Let's look year to date. 20% down year
to date. Fortunately, Pioneer Alpha is
not 20% down. That's good news. So there
you have it. So when we look at the
actual facts, when we look at actually
what's going on with the important
things in life, which is of course the
cyber cap counter, if you go to Pioneer
Lens, what do you see here in our cyber
cap tracker? We have another two added,
two cyber caps added just today. In the
last in the last 24 hours and in the
last week, we have eight added. We have
now registered 126 and I'm just talking
about cyber caps. The completely control
less human controllers. No steering
wheel and no pedals and no mirrors. They
at 126 registered and now at 50 deployed
and you can be guaranteed that if Tesla
or when Tesla actually registers 126, we
see this 50 ticking up to the critical
100 number. That number matters. Not a
catalyst to get the stock to 500, but a
catalyst that no one can ignore. Once we
are tripledigit fully deployed cyber
caps, I do think it's becoming harder
and harder to ignore what's going on.
And when these 100 cyber caps that we
will see very soon on this counter, this
all decisive world leading counter of
pioneer lens cyber caps. When this thing
reach reaches 100 and then it reaches
200 and then it reaches potentially
1,000 before the end of the year, you
know that we on a very good track
because once it reaches 1,800 in our
calculation, these robo taxis and cyber
caps will bring in 5% of total 2024 cash
flow of Tesla and that means roughly
also 5% of 2025 cash flow and that is a
big inflection point because at five and
that's why I called it the pausing
function at 5% growth going at
potentially 20 30% a month at that
point. You can't ignore this thing
anymore because it's going to double the
entire free cash flow of the company,
assuming they don't ramp up capex like
crazy. But let's say the profit of the
company dramatically by many multiples
of what it is now. And we did the math.
1 million cyber caps deployed is the
equivalent of roughly 50 billion in
earnings, up from 5 billion. It's a 10
times increase in Tesla earnings if they
deploy a million cyber caps. Right now,
a lot of critics say a million Joe, are
you crazy? In one year, they won't be
asking if I'm crazy anymore. They will
say, "Sorry, we should have known
better. You're not crazy. You're right."
And when it comes to the future, being
right and looking crazy is often the
same thing. So, I hope that helps you to
understand a little bit what I think
about the situation. I think it's
absolutely time to load up on this
stock. This is a ridiculous price for
what we are seeing. It is a Goldilocks
moment before year end rally. Of course,
I can't guarantee you anything. Don't
This is not investment advice. You have
to be cautious. Pan Alpha, we know what
to do and that is to absolutely double
down here. So, I hope that was helpful.
See you tomorrow.