Channel:     electrified
Title:       Elon Just Erased a Competitor (& Who Is Next) / Tesla's Chat GPT Moment ⚡️
URL:         https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ftNWnrZBs_E
Published:   2026-08-03 23:57 UTC
Fetched:     2026-08-04 00:00 UTC

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

There it goes. And it even shows you
what's in your camera display there. Oh,
let's see if it can avoid the cone.
&gt;&gt; There's a lot of construction. I bet you
it can do. All right.
&gt;&gt; Oh god, this is scary. All right. Oh my
god, this is so scary.
&gt;&gt; Oh, you'll be fine.
&gt;&gt; I guess if it crashes, I can just tell
Tesla it was the car's fault.
&gt;&gt; Oh god, this is scary.
&gt;&gt; Oh, it's doing Oh, there's a person.
&gt;&gt; Oh god. Oh god.
&gt;&gt; Look at that. It recognized the stop
sign.
&gt;&gt; Holy What?
&gt;&gt; This is like so crazy right now. He's
even the little dude on the screen. Big
stop sign.
&gt;&gt; Wow. Welcome to Beverly Hills in West
Hollywood where the traffic is just
incessant.
&gt;&gt; Now, if he tells you to back up so this
truck can get by.
&gt;&gt; Oh my. Oh,
&gt;&gt; it's backing up.
&gt;&gt; And it recognizes the BMW.
&gt;&gt; Are you freaking kidding me?
&gt;&gt; He's not doing any of this, guys.
&gt;&gt; I'm I'm not like This is like I'm Okay,
what what Let us figure it out. Let's
figure it out.
&gt;&gt; I am just so shocked right now. So, it
backed up enough to let the truck by
without hitting the BMW behind us. Now,
we're back in drive.
&gt;&gt; Okay.
&gt;&gt; And he's even creeping forward as as an
impatient person like we would.
&gt;&gt; I mean, I did set it to go to hurry. I I
don't think I'm ballsy enough to do Mad
Max, but
&gt;&gt; Mad Max, it would have just ran over.
&gt;&gt; Oh god. Okay. Yeah, probably.
&gt;&gt; That's pretty impressive.
&gt;&gt; It's still doing this. It turns the turn
signal back on. I mean, I could do a
video on this the full self-driving on
its own.
&gt;&gt; It also knows that there's a a blockage
of the road over there. Obviously, other
than the cones, it already knew that it
route planned us around that.
&gt;&gt; So, Rivian apparently says that they
have their full self-driving coming by
the end of this year, and I'm skeptical
that it'll be as good, but I'm I'm a
believer now.
&gt;&gt; I am truly a believer. This is
ridiculous. But now that I'm done like
drooling over the full self-driving,
Rob, I'm my mind is blown right now.
Like, this is stupid. This is like this
is like the future. Like I have always
said like GM Super Cruise was the
absolute best, which it's still good,
but I mean this is what Tesla is known
for.
&gt;&gt; Super Cruise the best. Really? Come on,
Red Line Reviews. It's 2026. But you
know what they say, better late than
never. And I would say Tesla is having a
chat GPT moment of its own right now.
It's not the instantaneous all at once
that many had hoped. But when you take a
look around, there are plenty of content
creators, influencers, whatever you want
to say, posting videos of them buying
their first Tesla. And the reviews and
testimonials and anecdotes of people
realizing how good FSD is for the first
time are now quite abundant. Now, yes,
obviously I'm plugged into that corner
of the algorithm, but we are seeing it
play out with Tesla's FSD attach rate
based on the Q2 data. So, while we wait
for things in robo taxi land to pick up,
at least Tesla's car sales and FSD
attach rates seem to be doing very well.
Today, we learned Hughes Network Systems
is filing a voluntary chapter 11
bankruptcy to facilitate a financial and
operational reorganization. Basically,
they had debt coming due and they
couldn't pay it. And they're going to
use this opportunity to shift to more
enterprise and defense and governmental
contracts. Just know Huenet had
geostationary satellites whereas we know
Starlink is low earth orbit. So Husenet
was working with latency figures around
600 milliseconds where Starlink is
typically between call it 20 and 60
milliseconds. And Hughes did say this
bankruptcy will have no impact on
Echoar, the parent company's other
operations or other brands like Dish TV,
Sling TV or Boost Mobile. And you
guessed it, the reason for this
bankruptcy mounting competition from
Starlink, which has led to heavy losses
in Hugh's legacy consumer internet
market. Hughes broadband subscribers
have plummeted about 22% over the past
year to 641,000.
And the company does not expect this
trend to reverse because Starlink
continues to accelerate and improve.
Hugh CEO said LEO satellite competition
is structural, not cyclical, and the
company's competitors continue to expand
coverage and reduce costs. But the
reality here, this has been a long time
coming. And yes, Elon has effectively
eliminated a competitor here. Don't
forget, September of last year, Echoar,
Hugh's parent company, sold their
Spectrum licenses for about $17 billion,
which was roughly half cash and half in
SpaceX stock. And as part of that
long-term agreement, which enabled
EchoSar's boost mobile subscribers to
access SpaceX's NextG Starlink
directtoell service, they also agreed to
have SpaceX pay Husenet a commission
that works out to 2 months of service
revenue for every customer that converts
to Starlink. So months ago, Huenet knew
it had no chance of competing with
Starlink. So they said, "As we wind down
this portion of our business, let's just
start referring our customers to
Starlink because it'll cost us nothing
and maybe in return we can get something
which, as you can see here, SpaceX
agreed to." And at the time, Echoar's
two other companies, Dish Network and
Boost Mobile, started promoting Starlink
sales and installations. And Echoar's
former CEO said SpaceX is the undisputed
leader in the marketplace in terms of
connectivity for internet today using
Starlink. And last year, Husenet said
they had substantial doubt about their
ability to continue as a going concern
once again because Husenet was bleeding
customers to Starlink. And obviously
from the SpaceX perspective, paying
effectively 2 months of Starlink
customer revenue to Husenet for that
customer made a ton of sense as the
lifetime value would be much higher. And
it was basically one month upfront and
then one month when that customer
reaches one year of service. And don't
forget, Amazon is planning to launch its
Kyper service sometime later this year.
So the more customers SpaceX can acquire
from Husenet now before you have another
option in the market, the better. And
I'm not saying all 500,000 plus of these
remaining Huenet customers will all
transfer over to Starlink, but there are
incentives in place beyond just those
monthly payments as SpaceX was
periodically offering hardware discounts
as well. But truly, I think it's
reasonable to assume that 50% plus of
those customers over time will
eventually shift over to Starlink. And
given Starlink already has 12 million
plus subscribers and it's growing
quickly, this is not going to be a major
needle mover. But again, the lifetime
value of potentially 250,000 new
Starlink customers over time is
certainly not nothing. So once again,
Elon and SpaceX saw this trend last
year. They put a plan in place to funnel
most of those customers to themselves
and are quite literally operating at a
level that these other companies simply
cannot compete with. And who is this
going to happen to next? Well, there
might be some other smaller companies,
but as I've said before, I think Whimo
as a company will cease to exist by
2030. Frankly, I think it could happen
before then, but once Tesla starts
scaling in the handful of markets that
Whimo is in and undercuts them on price
and out competes them in terms of user
experience and smoothness and of course
safety, unless Whimo can figure
something out with a new Ohio platform
to start making money, then they're just
going to be outco competed by a company
that has vertically integrated nearly
every important piece of critical
infrastructure, leaving the competition
with no path to success. And one last
note before we move on that SpaceX
purchase of the Spectrum from Echoar,
Hugh's parent company. The former CEO of
Echoar said the transaction continues
our legacy of putting the customer first
and allows the combination of those
spectrums from Echoar with the rocket
launch and satellite capabilities from
SpaceX to realize the directtoell vision
in a more innovative, economical, and
faster way for consumers worldwide. And
Gwyn Shotwell said, "In this next
chapter, with exclusive spectrum, SpaceX
will develop nextg Starlink directtoell
satellites, which will have a step
change in performance and enable us to
enhance coverage for customers wherever
they are in the world. So SpaceX clearly
dominating the consumer broadband market
and simultaneously setting the
foundation to do the same with direct to
sell. And in a new filing, SpaceX has
said it's planning for thousands of
satellites in operation for Starlink
Mobile by the end of 2028. And this is
the satellite to phone service that's
already available on T-Mobile and
Canada's Rogers wireless carrier. Right
now, Starlink Mobile has about 650
satellites, which enables it to send
mobile data and text messaging to phones
in cellular dead zones. And as we've
talked about in the past, the plan is to
upgrade this system with a second gen
constellation that could span up to
15,000 satellites. And those nextG SATs
are set to start launching sometime by
late 2027. SpaceX said Starlink will be
able to provide its partners with
life-saving data services by Q3 2027
with voice following within months. By
the end of 2028, Starlink will have
already rapidly upgraded the
constellation by launching thousands
more satellites, providing continuous
full global coverage to become the first
and most likely the only directtode
device provider to offer true coverage
in high latitude polar regions. And this
is perfect timing today because the
nextG Starlink mobile promises to offer
150 megabit per second speeds to users
on unmodified smartphones partly by
leveraging that valuable spectrum that
SpaceX is acquiring from Echoar. And
that deal is set to officially close
November of next year. And they said
Starlink has already started working
with the handset manufacturers to make
sure new devices will have the chipsets
needed to support the band. But Starlink
Gen 2 is expected to dramatically expand
compatibility with unmodified
smartphones, enabling a wide array of
mainstream smartphones from makers like
Apple, Samsung, Google, and others to
achieve full voice, text, and data
functionality with broad commercial
availability of natively supported
devices in late 2027. But adoption of
the upgraded Starlink mobile will depend
on consumers buying nextgen devices,
according to SpaceX. And SpaceX said
Starlink does not plan to offer its own
standalone service, nor does it plan to
deal exclusively with any one carrier.
Instead, Starlink plans to offer
services available to all interested
mobile carriers and their customers. And
for the new phones that need new chips
for the full benefits of the new
service, SpaceX is certainly
influential, but at the end of the day,
they're not going to be able to fully
control what Apple and Samsung do. And
today we learned SpaceX and the state of
Louisiana are close to finalizing a deal
for SpaceX to acquire 130,000 acres
along the northern coast of the Gulf of
Mexico. The governor of Louisiana is
expected to announce the agreement later
this month. And for the reason May of
this year, SpaceX said, "It's no secret
we intend to launch Starship a lot,
targeting thousands of flights per year.
That cadence will require the ability to
launch from many different locations.
So, we're constantly exploring to find
viable sites to expand Starship
operations in the future, both
domestically and internationally. And
there are rumors that Louisiana will
announce a package of incentives for
SpaceX. And this agreement will include
provisions for coastal restoration and
preservation of the sensitive marshland
along the northern Gulf Coast, which is
important for wildlife and also acts as
a buffer for hurricanes that regularly
impact the region. So naturally, SpaceX
acquiring land like this is a good sign
that they are confident that the rate of
Starship launches will increase in the
foreseeable future. And after Flight 13,
I don't think that should be a surprise.
And listen guys, I know many of you out
there are not feeling great about Tesla
and you feel like SpaceX is getting all
of the attention and it's more exciting
right now. And despite all of my recent
commentary, I just need you to hear me.
Tesla's time is going to come. It may be
a painful wait and longer than many of
us had hoped, but if you stay patient
long enough, you will be rewarded. Not
financial advice, but this maneuvering
and out competing that we're seeing
right now from Elon and SpaceX. And on
the compute side that I've been
hammering as of late, that season will
come to fruition for Tesla likely
sometime next year. And an important
reminder on the lockup period for
SpaceX, given SpaceX's earnings this
week, there are three different buckets.
the public float now. Bucket two,
another 35% of the company set to be
fully released toward the end of this
year. And then the third bucket, which
is primarily Elon shares that will be
unlocked next year. But all I wanted to
remind you of today is bucket 2. That's
because we have roughly 7% of SpaceX or
roughly 20% of this bucket set to be
released this week because it's 2 days
after the Q2 earnings. But as I have
said before, remember a lot of this is
priced in. And as I've said, I think a
lot of these SpaceX insiders will be
looking to keep their shares given where
the price is right now. Frankly, I think
even if the price was higher, a lot of
these insiders would still want to hold
on to some of their shares. And it's
unofficial, but it sounds like S40 is
currently being towed by three different
ships to the coast of Australia. But
depending on wind and other factors,
this process could take anywhere from 1
to 3 weeks. And Oliver said, "Can
confirm S40 has been attached and is
currently in tow and route to
Australia." David Moss said Tesla's
FSD14.37
is their greatest release of all time.
Of course, it's still very early, but
I've seen other people like Chris from
Dirty Tesla say it does feel smoother
when it comes to some of those break
jitters. So, an encouraging start. We'll
see how it progresses. But, as many of
us know, at this point, it really is all
eyes on V15. And I had community member
Kevin share this one with me as a
reminder to stay vigilant. It's tough to
see given the glare, but for this
highway on-ramp, there was a lane closed
sign with some cones. And at this point,
only a few feet away from that sign in
those cones and potentially a barrier in
the back. Self-driving was still engaged
and not making plans to move over. And
going forward, you will see that was
indeed a concrete shoulder that closes
off that portion of the lane. And I keep
sharing these clips because I find
myself on FSD getting a bit too
lacadasical and distracted sometimes
because of how good it usually is. An
unfortunate situation, there was a new
white labeled Tesla Supercharger in New
Hampshire that is apparently going to be
shut down later this year because of
some changes when it comes to the rates
for electricity. The owner of the site
said he spent $400,000 of his own money,
and they were told they'd be charged
between 18 and 28 cents per kilowatt.
But at the time there was this EV2 rate
plan which was ultimately discontinued.
He said they've lost over $20,000 in
their first 3 months. I will have the
link below if you want to learn more,
but in case you want to send a quick
email to encourage the New Hampshire
representatives to bring that old rate
program back that made some of these
sites actually economical. I will have
that you can copy and paste in the
description below. And when it comes to
FSD approvals across the EU, we just got
some series O2 amendments to the UNR1
171. Just know this does not change
anything when it comes to the existing
approvals or any other countries
potentially approving FSD in the near
term. This series O2 update mainly
improves the long-term framework. So
ultimately, it's expanding the scope for
some of these advanced driving features.
things like system initiated maneuvers
in more environments and a clearer
framework for when you can be handsoff
and in what conditions. So, it's a new
set of regulations with more clarity and
Tesla will have to make some software
adjustments for full compliance, but
this series O2 update is not set to go
into effect until January 2027. But the
good news is any new type approvals
under this series O2 will be cleaner and
easier and ultimately less reliant on
exemptions. But here's the thing. This
series O2 could be largely irrelevant
for Tesla because of when it goes into
effect if Tesla's FSD gets a yes vote at
the expected upcoming vote in October at
the TCMV meeting. So if FSD gets broadly
approved later this year, then it won't
really rely on series 2 changes at all.
And I know many folks are hoping that
speed control comes back for FSD, but
David Moss said, "I hope it never comes
back because all input is error." To
which Ashoke said, "Max speed control is
an anti-pattern. We're working on better
learning of users implied preferences."
And an anti-attern is basically just a
common response to a problem that keeps
happening that seems to be a good
solution, but in actuality, it's
ineffective or counterproductive and
usually creates more problems than it
solves. And of course, I understand why
it's unfortunate because right now as
supervisors, we are responsible if we
get pulled over while supervising FSD.
But there's not much we can do. Tesla is
clearly choosing this harder path of
making the system smarter about user
preferences rather than giving us this
permanent manual override. And just
passing it along, Elon said, "Optimus
will be epic." And GI said, "This is
going to be an insane opportunity in
retrospect," sharing a picture of SpaceX
at $108 per share. To which Elon said,
"I think so." Tesla stock closed the day
at $3228,
up 3.49%. And SpaceX closed at $114.53
up 5.68%
while the NDX was up 1.78%.
Hope you all have a wonderful day and a
huge thank you to all of my Patreon
supporters.