Channel:     jobhakdi
Title:       Why Is Tesla Stock DROPPING Today?
URL:         https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=52fO0YXxRfk
Published:   2026-06-23 18:29 UTC
Fetched:     2026-06-23 22:00 UTC

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Everyone, we are full in the chat
because I am extremely late. Today is
one of these days where you wonder what
is even going on. Uh are you guys there?
Can everyone hear me? 9:23. Yes, we have
some people there. I'm very sorry for
being so late. Uh that was quite a wild
day and not just because of Tesla, but
Tesla was a good starting point for a
terrible day. Sometimes everything needs
to go wrong on the same day. I was on
the phone with banks and all kinds of
stuff totally unrelated with the
brokerage account. Uh it's just
astounding. I don't know what's going on
in this world, but randomly some of my
bank accounts or brokerage accounts get
shut down frequently
uh for no good reason. And then I'm on
the phone and uh in panic mode for hours
and hours with these people and then it
always turns out that they say, "Oh,
oops. Well, we just shut it down just
for just because there was money coming
into your account, so we had to shut it
down."
very astonishing
and then I had to do crypto transactions
while they unlock uh the bank account
and everything. I am quite uh disturbed
by the frequency of these things and
they never provide a reasonable reason.
I said well was just a precaution
because money was transferred into your
bank account that's the point or your
trader account. So that was very
stressful while I was watching Tesla
getting absolutely destroyed and I was
totally not prepared for that. I had to
rearrange of course my portfolio a
little bit because I was short puts and
they got totally destroyed obviously. So
I needed to shift and shuffle them down.
Uh everything is fine now. We have it
under control but it's a very bad day
obviously. And of course, everyone is
asking, "What the hell is going on with
Tesla today?" Because yesterday we had
such a beautiful day. We were up against
the trend. I interpreted yesterday as a
good sign that people are waking up,
that SpaceX stops sucking the oxygen out
of Tesla. And then today happened,
right? You probably watched SpaceX.
SpaceX up a lot. was 6% up, now only
2.9% up, recovering from its brutal drop
that was extremely predictable. That
will probably continue after a little
bit of a run because we still have index
inclusions going on for SpaceX over the
next couple of weeks. So, there's still
some buying pressure, but then this
thing is overvalued tactically by every
possible valuation metric except for
mine, but no one on the street is too
interested in mine. that would be too
smart. But in any conventional valuation
metric, SpaceX is ridiculously
overvalued. Um I think it's undervalued
on a DCF level. But for example, you
know, price to sales, price to revenue.
If SpaceX would trade at the same
revenue multiple of 13 that Tesla is
trading, that stock would be at $35.
And some people say Tesla is overbuild.
So, if you would value SpaceX like Tesla
based on revenue multiples, that thing
would be at 35. Just to give you a sense
of what I think, how how much this thing
could potentially drop. It's now down
20% in 5 days. Of course, it was up a
lot at IPO, but my thesis was
back to Tesla. My thesis was yesterday
that all the SpaceX stuff is sucking the
oxygen, the cash oxygen out of Tesla and
therefore Tesla is under much more
selling pressure than it should be
because people are selling Tesla to buy
SpaceX to a larger extent that I thought
that was the pressure on Tesla all the
way until Friday last week. Then
yesterday on Monday we had a beautiful
day market down but Tesla up 1.5%.
a very encouraging move and I thought,
well, this is very good news. This is
very good news. Maybe now people come to
their senses and understand how
massively undervalued Tesla is
comparatively to SpaceX and we are off
to the races. So, I increased, of
course, my exposure to Tesla through
short puts, synthetic leverage,
and of course, what happens the next
day? A complete crash out of absolutely
nowhere. Only good news on the horizon.
Europe sales up by a lot. I will get to
this in a second. Europe sales up by a
lot. Uh cyber caps all over the place
deployed even more in Houston on the
parking lots and everywhere. So I was
prepared for another green day maybe
sideways. And then we have this complete
destruction of Tesla today. and I could
not figure out what the hell is going
on. And after doing more research,
I come to the conclusion now it is not
SpaceX. It's not SpaceX's rise. Because
we could argue maybe now people go crazy
again. SpaceX is up 2.9%. Maybe that's
mostly Tesla sellers going into SpaceX
and maybe that is a little part of it.
But that does not explain a 6% down day.
And after doing more research and
thinking, I come to the terrible
conclusion.
I come to the terrible conclusion
that this piece of fake news is indeed
the main driver. It's even on CNBC,
you know, on CNBS. Oh, Tesla under
pressure after, you know, federal
investigation now Nitsa on this whole
thing. And of course I knew about this
thing and I did not take it seriously. I
literally thought there is just no way
in hell the stock reacts on that.
There's just no way in hell. But now I
come to the conclusion it it it has to
be that
this idiotic piece of news.
120 people died yesterday statistically
in the United States from car crashes.
Here comes a Tesla clearly with some
crazy person in the Tesla pushing the
pedal to the metal and driving into a
home and unfortunately killing an older
lady which is horrible in Harris County,
Texas. So in Austin in Austin County,
I thought there is just no way in hell
that the stock reacts to that because
it's so dumb. You have a person who's
crazy who drives their Tesla into the
house.
And of course, the fake news makes it
into, oh, it's FSD. You know, it's the
autopilot
here. Tesla driver using autopilot. I
mean, hello, look. The New York Oh my
god, I didn't even see it's the New York
Times. Like, seriously, people, you read
the New York Times. What is wrong with
you? Tesla driver using autopilot, which
is probably a sewable offense because
this is crossing into a lie. It's not
just a fake news. This is like a lie
because if you say Tesla driver using
autopilot crashes into home, I would
argue that headline
on an English grammar level actually
says that the Tesla driver was using
autopilot and the autopilot steered the
Tesla into the home.
Maybe my English is bad. Maybe I
shouldn't become a lawyer. As a lawyer,
I would say you cannot construe your way
out of the fact that this sentence says
a Tesla driver who was using autopilot
crashed into a home and therefore the
autopilot crashed into the home. I think
that's what the sentence says. And
therefore, the sentence is a clear lie
because autopilot was disengaged.
if it's true that the accelerator was
held at 100%. And therefore the New York
Times should get sued by Elon because
this is a lie.
You have to construe your way out and
say as a as a whatever this is called
these people who write these things.
Well, I meant Tesla driver was using an
autopilot and then decided to disengage
it and press down the accelerator and
then crashed into a home. That is a
different sentence from saying Tesla
driver using autopilot cars into home.
Okay, it's a lie.
The driver told investigators he was
using the vehicle's automated driver
system when the vehicle left the roadway
and crashed into a house in Harris
County, Texas. Okay, that sentence is
okay.
This sentence is clearly a lie.
If you say Tesla driver states
he was using autopilot when he crashed
into a home, that is correct. But you
cannot just say he was using autopilot
when it's clearly not true and you
clearly had absolutely no evidence that
he was because a driver saying telling
investigators that he was using the
vehicles driver system when the vehicle
cr doesn't mean that's true. And when
you look at the video, you clearly see
it is not true. So, I was not even
paying attention to this because I
thought that's so dumb. Who would even
react to this? But I tell you guys, I
come to the conclusion that this insane
drop today is actually because of this
idiotic news because you see it actually
down here for example.
And of course, let's get to the Europe
news. Of course, we live in a time of
such a deranged
level of news. Sorry, I have to rant.
I'm like h like deranged level of news
that you have only two types of people
seemingly writing the news. Totally
stupid New York Times so-called
journalists. So people who are cuckoo
who are not on top of it and AI slop.
That's your two sources of news. Lies
and derangement. Because look at this
news. This is even better.
Tesla shares fall after US crash probe.
Okay, that's okay. And hit to Europe
sales. It's like, wait a moment. Wait a
moment. Is my English is my English bad?
Is my English bad? Didn't I pay
attention in school? So when you read
the sentence, Tesla shares fall after US
crash probe. Okay, here.
Okay, look at this. Tesla shares fall
after US crash probe and hit to Europe
sales. My English is not very good. As a
little beginner in English, I would say
and hit to Europe sales. That doesn't
mean Europe sales being a hit, but it
means oh a hit in the sense of something
bad to Europe sales. And it's like, wait
a moment, what are you talking about?
Aren't Europe sales like through the
freaking roof, up 100% year-over-year?
And then they actually say that in
article, yo, it's pretty good. It's
pretty good. Tesla's delivery numbers
are due in less than two weeks, so this
matters to investors. Deliveries, cars
that go to customers will be next click
check, blah blah. US UBS bumped its
delivery forecast to 405 vehicles, a 5%
rise from last year, 13% higher than the
year before, but that's in total. Uh
here Tesla's European registrations as
standin for sales climbed 107.9%
in May to 28,610
marking four months of gains.
Okay. And then they say BYD registration
saw at 136. Yeah. On what basis?
So okay. So clearly someone is ex not
just stupid. You're basically saying in
your headline the exact opposite of what
you mean. Tesla shares fall after hit to
Europe sales.
Europe sales are up 107%. They say down
here. Are you stupid? I like and given
this whole situation like okay fine. So
people read this and say, "Oh, I have to
sell Tesla shares because there's a hit
to European sales and also they're being
investigated."
Oh my god, people like what is even
wrong with people? So
I do think with let's say an 80 to 90%
certainty that this is actually the
reason why this stock is down an insane
5.72 or whatever 6% today, which is not
good for me or anyone else, but we
should chill out. This is literally
based on fake news, which means it will
literally go up to 400 this week unless
people are completely stupid. But I
think these are great buying
opportunities. Obviously, the NASDAQ is
down 1.92%.
But given the behavior of Tesla
yesterday, I think the Tesla that the
stock is actually in a good situation is
actually decoupling a little bit and
it's actually on a recovery
uh pathway and today was an exception
that was probably driven by these
idiotic news. So that means
it's probably time to buy. I can't even
fathom that because this is like insane.
There is no other reason I see. So, I
just had to rant a little bit. I hope
you guys are not too mad that I'm so
late, but let's see what everyone is
saying.
Uh, let's see where we are at. Should I
actually start in the beginning? But we
have probably everyone just being angry
that I'm late.
Lots of things are down, says Poxy,
Frostbite, Adobe, my value stocks,
slightly up. Oh, yeah. You're you're a
brave man. You're buying software
stocks.
In my cross analysis, there's a ton of
indicators for mean reversion. USD is
getting stronger. Interest rates are
holding. USD Japanese final is yen final
is getting shaky. Euro petro dollar is
highly sought etc. Tesla has low
sentiment from news sensitive investors
and high sentiment from informed
investors. I just hope the discount
holds for a week so I can buy more at a
nice price.
Well, I would appreciate it if it
doesn't hold for the week. I want to see
it back to 400 on Friday, otherwise it's
annoying for me. Um, all because I need
to buy 100 shares. Exactly. Uh,
absolute trash. Yeah, that's It felt
like absolute trash. But this is
literally fake, guys. I tell you, this
is fake news.
It's literally based on fake news.
I'm pretty sure at this point,
at least not for me. What do we have?
Cyber caps on July 4th, America's
birthday. Or is this hopeopium
neo? That's definitely hopeium. But my
hopeium is that we actually see some
cyber cap action even before July 4th
because Oh, we have July 4th is also the
250th anniversary. Who knows? I tell you
guys, something is going on.
Something is going on with Cyber Cap.
They're being deployed everywhere. This
is ridiculous. 380190. I can't even.
Uh, so a Tesla and FSD killed an old
lady. Not really. This is extremely fake
news.
Uh, yeah. I mean, I can show it to you
again. This is literally what the Tesla
newswire says. You see all these idiotic
uh news at Tesla on autopilot. Wrong.
The Tesla was not on autopilot because
autopilot disengages once you press down
the freaking pedal to the metal. Crash
through a Harris County home. Why is it
full self-drive? Why is its full drive
self-driving mode legal? Okay, fine.
These people Texas monthly.
Congratulations. You just got the New
York Times prize.
Automated vehicles and other
self-driving technologies are on the
rise. We break down their capabilities
and what it means when they cause harm.
Yeah. The more I read this, I I never
pay attention to these idiotic outlets
and their crazy clickbait New York Times
level journalism. Uh but
the market does I think and this is for
us good news because you're getting free
money here. You're getting literally
free money. And Ashok himself said 22
hours ago, that's why I didn't pay
attention. That was yesterday.
In this case, the driver manually
overrode self-driving by pressing the
accelerator all the way to 100% of the
acceleration pedal in this residential
area. They reached a speed of 73 miles
per hour during the crash and had the
accelerator pressed even after the
crash. That means that these headlines
are just completely fake news.
I think fake news is too nice. They are
lies that just cost me money. So, I want
Elon to sue them because they're
literally lying. Sue them here. Like
Gregory Charles. Like Gregory Charles.
Yes. James of Invest Answers.
Yoda.
Exactly.
Human driver fault. The Doge army. The
Doge army is also here, I think. So,
yeah. What the hell? I can't even
believe this.
Okay. What do we have here?
Tesla says he was flooring. If they have
the data for it, I guess, but the media
does its damage as usual. Yeah, but so
it's annoying.
Don't get me wrong, I'm extremely
annoyed. This is not good for my little
portfolio this week because this was
very unexpected. But it's fine.
But I'm telling you guys, this is a
sewable offense.
What else do we have? Tesla can't afford
any bad press, even if it's not true.
Yeah. Well, I think the market will
correct on that because this is
ridiculous.
Tesla needs to reach out every media
outlet who's misleading the public
regarding the details of his accident
with details and cease the desist letter
and damages because not just stock
damages, also damages to FSD uh
reputation.
Irokanji says, "Well, I bought the dip
and picked up some more Tesla stock."
Exactly. That's what you should do.
Is it safe to assume Joe may be tied up
and the session may not take place? I
was tied up. I had to get a bank
transfer done today. Uh but in a time
zone two hours ahead of here, so it was
basically nearly too late. So I was tied
up, but I made it happen. Of course, we
never give up. The propaganda isn't
going to stop. This is like being
invested in the railroads or kerosene or
the East India Trading Company. Nobody
who's jealous likes a winner.
Absolutely. But propaganda doesn't hold.
You will see this will recover very
quickly.
Too bad I already went hard into options
yesterday in Tesla and really cannot
double down at this point. Just got to
hold and pray at this point. Yes,
me too. But I'm at least short puts.
That gives me the time is on my side.
uh can't buy until the next week. I
think we will have time unfortunately.
Let's see. Even this thing goes to 420
or whatever. It's still cheap. This is
all very cheap.
21 more shares. 380 today. Goodbye.
No, I this is like
look here's the big picture. Uh because
ma mate says I'm wondering if something
bigger is happening like inflation or
carry trade yet unwinds. We have to make
a differentiation between the NASDAQ and
Tesla. So what's happened to Tesla J is
brutal and it's fake news. I'm now very
convinced this is just completely
ridiculous. It's based on lies and it
should be clarified very quickly and the
market should correct this upwards.
But that does not change the fact of
course that we have the NASDAQ
down. Why is that? That's very easily
explained
and we can explain it.
Oh, Micro Strategy is also getting
murdered. That's a very interesting
video I have to do on Micro Strategy
because I think that's a buy because I
think I know why Micro Strategy is down
and that's a very technical reason.
Uh and the technical reason for Micro
Strategy is
that they are they raised some money.
They issued some shares to pay off debt
prematurely for a very good price and
that pressure should be over very soon
or now.
Just a little side note, micro strategy
because that thing is down too much. I
can give you a mini
insight into strategy. Uh because let's
see where the MNAV is probably under or
at 110. Look at this. This is basically
how much higher the market cap is over
the enterprise value or over the hard
value of the assets minus liabilities
over the Bitcoin. So that's a very low
MFA. It's only 10% higher than just the
raw bitcoins minus liabilities. They
raised some money 1 billion roughly 1.5
billion to pay off convertible notes
that are due in 2029
or something like prematurely because
they got a good price. So they they
saved like 200 million.
That's why they had to issue some micro
strategy shares and that's why I think
they're down a little bit which makes it
a buy. So, I'm doubling down here as a
little side gig besides Tesla.
Um, but
what is happening to the NASDAQ? That is
very simple. The NASDAQ here negative 2%
but we also have the S&amp;P 500
negative
1.38%.
Dow Jones is not doing much. The Dow
Jones is totally unharmed.
I mean, in the beginning it wasn't, but
this is like flat. Dow Jones flat. S&amp;P
negative 1.4%. NASDAQ negative
2.1%.
And why is that?
Do we even have that here? No, don't
have the copy.
I tell you guys why when you go to
Korea. There was a No, that's wrong.
Cosby
stupid
Cosby. Look at this.
This happened today. The the Korean
stock market was down 10%.
We talking the market all of Korea and
not and that dragged down semiconductors
that dragged down our famous Micron
Technologies for example. Look at this.
Look at Micron Technologies. You
probably have followed the stock. The
darling of the stock market here year to
date, how much up? 267%.
It's not a small company, $1.1 trillion.
The only American RAM DRAM maker that is
series for chips. uh up like crazy but
today down 13% because as you probably
know in Korea the entire stock market is
now HK and Samsung for chips and RAM
because they kind of have cornered the
whole RAM market and also parts of the
chip market
and the interesting thing is okay that
led to a selloff in the NASDAQ because
if the entire Korean market is down 10%
that's very scary and drags down all our
tech stocks. Tesla is a special case.
But that's why Nvidia is down. That's
why everyone is down. Nvidia not so
much, but it's still down. But Micron
getting destroyed 13% down. But let's
put this into perspective. Look at this.
I click on year to date now. Look at
this. Uh look at this. The Cosby
today down 10%. Which sounds horrible.
The worst crash ever for our market. But
that thing is up year to date in 2026
90%.
We're talking the entire stock market of
the country of South Korea.
So, okay, fine. 10% market correction in
a single day sounds horrible, but not if
you look at this chart. This is the
year-to-day chart. And this is today's
or yesterday's or whatever today's
yesterday's correction in in Korea. That
is what the market's reacting to. So we
have to put it a little bit into
perspective. That is ridiculous. If your
stock market is up 90% in six months,
that is not an AI bubble popping. That
is just crazy. A crazy run with some
breathers. And as you can see here, by
the way, June 4th, beginning of the
month, we already had something
happening like this. Now it's happening
again, but it's higher highs and higher
lows despite being extremely volatile
because it's so crazy. I'm not saying
Korea is all fine. They are very much on
margin everything, but their companies
Samsung and HK, they are like printing
insane amounts of money.
So
what does it all mean? All in all,
there's no reason to panic. The opposite
is true. There's a reason to be very
bullish because AI is just absolutely
killing it in making everyone rich and
it's absolutely normal that you have
little breathers like this. This is
completely intact this uptrend of Korea
and we are not even in Korea. So yeah,
you can't expect the NASDAQ to stay flat
when the freaking Korean tech mega
market is down 10%. So the NASDAQ is
down a little 2%. If you do the same
exercise here, year to date, that's how
it looks like. If you do fiveyear NASDAQ
perspective, like are you kidding me? Is
this a bullish uptrend or not? 2023,
this is the bullish uptrend. Here you
saw the little tariff liberation problem
and it went right back into the trend.
Then you saw the little uh again April
problem here, Iran.
What? And then it not just jumped back
on the trend, it overshot the trend. So
here in May, we went a little too high
in my opinion. We left the trend. You
know, I'm not a big stock astrologer,
but you can just take your little mouse
and draw the trend. You see, this was
over the trend. Now we are slightly
under the trend. Time to get back on the
trend.
It's that simple. That's how I do it. If
the trend coincides with massive margin,
profit and cash flow growth, and yes, it
does. We have margin uh we have epida
expansion of 50% year-over-year on the
Mac 7. So, it's all fine.
AI is driving us higher. And in the
large scheme of things, these are
ridiculous. This is not even a
correction. It's just ridiculous.
That all doesn't help us much as Tesla
shareholders. We're getting absolutely
destroyed today. But this has nothing to
do with the market. It is fake news and
it will be fixed I hope this week.
Now you have the big picture.
Should we keep the NASDAQ on? Yes.
Okay. We have 55 new messages. Oh my
god. So many messages.
Patience pioneer. Who said this? Poxy
frostbite. That is the that's the
spirit.
Patience pioneers. I'm actually working
on very big things by the way.
Okay. Uh but this is a different story.
Joe said the Iran war was over more than
a month ago too. Wrong about everything.
Well, only that I was right about
everything. Wasn't I right about
everything? That's a very bad example.
Bird tongs. I was one million% right on
Iran as you can see. been patient for
nine years since early 2017
uh since Elon said nine years ago FSD
will be solved by NFD. I agree it was
very annoying but we have now a lot of
indications that
things are actually looking good.
Uh don't give up the second before the
takeoff. Exactly. Proxy frostb is today
the pioneer of the day. Solving capital
has such a challenge to catch a falling
knife. This is not a falling knife. This
is exploding fake news. It seems the
stock usually tanks in the AM then
recovers bit in the PM. However, this
fell to 380.
Solvi Capital, you know, when we do big
picture stuff on NASDAQ, I'm doing a
little stock astrology and trends, but
very subdued, right? I'm cautious with
this stuff, but you can tell the trend
and it makes a lot of sense. When it
comes to Tesla, it's a little bit
different. I mean, this is one million%
fake news effect. I guarantee you. I
thought about this the whole day. It's
like, yeah, fake news.
Uh, stick to DCA. Yeah, if you're
bullish on something and believe
fundamentally that it's on the right
track, DCA is not a bad thing.
I need a haircut. Yes, I need a haircut.
Couldn't reach my haircut guy.
Today was tough. Yeah. I want to also
know why Tesla is trading with the EI
hardware stocks. It has nothing to do
with that. It was independent.
Uh Fudbuster. It's a pile of
Robotexi is a joke and humanoid robot
can throw popcorn around. Let's see
about this.
Uh
there's a lot of rebalancing going on.
No, this is all this is too much for all
these things.
Uh
that news was out yesterday. That is
true. Third place, but the press was not
out. Like when you look at all the bad
press, that was all happening today. It
was also only today on CNBC.
Uh I don't know when the New York Times
published this thing.
I don't even know. It was out yesterday.
What is autopilot? Autopilot is not FSD.
Autopilot is like a precursor of FSD.
Uh 2009 Raymond says, "It's the Korean
stock market crash and Tesla not
delivering this year. Doubt it has
anything to do with the 550 mph crash."
I disagree. That's what I thought first,
but when I look at the action of the
other stocks, of the NASDAQ and then of
Tesla, this is not just the market. This
is some bad stuff. Some fake news.
I am very convinced it's that
micron is down like 14%. This seemed to
me started already earlier today when
Korean index. No, because also like
It just kept dropping Tesla.
I'm pretty sure it's this
uh sue them. Exactly. Hold them
accountable. I mean, you we can't allow
this anymore.
Headline is
misleading. Absolutely.
Why was it so delayed? Came out
yesterday. I don't that's why that's why
it took me so long to understand it's
actually the news because I was checking
everything else and it's like no
the algos automatically react to bad
headlines it will bounce back tomorrow
absolutely
I think so too
legacy news is click baiting only
exactly
uh could Tesla sell off also because of
Korea government unrealized wealth tax.
I don't even know what's going with all
these governments like the Netherlands
and now Korea like are they all it feels
like the end times people think about
that's why we have to hurry up with
pioneer lands it is a little bit the end
times when governments start to tax
unrealized capital gains no one is so
stupid no one is stupid enough I would
shouldn't say no one but
80% of politicians are not stupid enough
to not understand that unrealized
capital gains means the end of the
country. So if they do it anyway, it
means they don't care anymore. They just
want to get the money, the last little
grasp. So it's very scary for me.
Unrealized wealth tax is not just scary
because it's taking away our money. It's
more scary that if you get politicians
into that mindset, it means they're just
trying to make it one more day and grab
your money and run.
That's very scary.
So I'm very irritated by these
unrealized wealth tax proposals across
so many different countries. It means uh
they are not playing the long game
anymore.
Maybe could but other max 7 are slightly
up or even. Yes, exactly.
It's too specific for Tesla. It is fake
news and if that's really the reason
this stock will bounce back very hard
being manipulated SpaceX I had another
merger discussion today with Herbert
should be out today basically doubling
down on my uh video from yesterday where
we discussed the merger theory uh that
I'm introducing the ratchet thing. You
should watch it if you didn't do it
because I think I'm right to make a long
story short. I think what Larry Goldberg
are saying and Alexander Mertz are
saying a merger of equals doesn't make
sense in this situation because both
Tesla and SpaceX are too volatile to do
something like this. Also, merger of
equals often or nearly always have a
clause in there that if the price of
each one deviates more than 20%
at the vote, day of the vote versus the
day of announcement, the whole deal is
invalid because you can't have a merger
of equals announced and then at the vote
suddenly there are completely different
companies. So there are normally
provisions in there. But when you look
at SpaceX
this year, SpaceX will have massive
selling pressure coming in starting
August 11th and going all the way to
October with 400% of current float being
added to the market. So there will be
massive selling pressure. In order for
the stock to not drop like a stone, you
will have to add massive buying pressure
somehow. But I don't know how you would
actually do that. Did the market close?
What a disaster.
Yeah, market closed as we speak. Tesla
down 5.79%.
Total insanity
for no reason.
The fake news will blow over, says Kazis
Fortworth.
You guys' names are like IQ tests for
me. I have to read and then come up with
what it actually means. I assume DFW
means Dallas Fort Worth.
Uh, the fake news will blow over, but I
honestly doubt that is the reason. Very
sad, but no Tesla error. Yeah, I think
it is the reason because there must be
some form of reason.
It's not the Cosby. It's not the NASDAQ
must be something else.
And when I look, I agree with all you
guys. I first thought yesterday this is
a forget it. This can't be the reason.
But after doing more research today and
reading all the headlines, like dudes,
if I was if I was stupid and uninformed
and a New York Times reader, I was like,
"Oh my god, is the end of Tesla." So I
think it is something like that.
Dems own the NYT. Yes.
Well, the people who own the N the New
York Times also own the Dems. I think
that's more accurate. How long will it
take to re for a report to come out on
it? Hopefully not long. Well,
yeah. I don't I don't I even doubt that
we need to wait for the report, but
yeah,
seeing Joe's live today was like a
therapist calling you after your dog
dies. Well,
I appreciate it. I need a therapist
today. Today was a horrible day. But
that's very nice. Our little therapy
session here. We will make it. This is
just a question of time. And I do not
think this drop will be sustained very
long.
FSD driving perfect for millions of
miles.
This is completely ridiculous. This
whole news story.
Uh crypto still in bare market. Yes,
TSLL
maybe there are many ways to leverage
up. TSL is one of them. Monday was
NASDAQ rebalance. today are people
rebalancing after that rebalance
that's the macro reason I think it plans
most of it
not sure
because look at all the other stocks the
semis and micro was hit of course
because of Korea but Tesla look at the
other Mac 7 no one got hit like that
Tesla's not down today because of fake
news
it's down because of all AI is down but
no kar look at the other AI stocks like
only the semiconductors and memory is
down not you know look at the Mac 7
let's look at the Mac 7
what do we want to look at Nvidia of
course Nvidia is semi but Nvidia is
4.15%
yeah Nvidia got hit but that's not
surprising but when we look at Amazon
look at Amazon
what is Amazon
Are you kidding me? This is what Amazon
does. It's up. So, what about Meta?
Meta is flat. Totally flat. Okay.
Microsoft. I tell you, these guys are
not very affected. It's up. So, no. This
was Nvidia, Micron, SanDisk, like these
people. I don't know. SanDisk is
probably a little hit. SanDisk.
Yeah, centis got a little bit hit
13% but this is also completely nuts.
This is like Korea. Let's see. 727% up
year to date.
Yeah.
Price earnings 68 bucks. Still not bad.
So this was not a Mac 7 problem.
Wow, we have so many messages. Everyone
who makes money off AI is selling today.
But no, look at the Mac 7. It's not
totally true.
Uh, wow, we have so many.
Are you telling me to load the boat,
Joe?
Well, if you have any boats left, yeah,
load them.
Uh, Tesla drop is all naked
shortselling.
Yeah,
I think it's just fake news and Elus
chiming in and I think it will rebound.
That's what I think.
Uh
double whmy for me. Micron and Tesla.
Yeah,
SpaceX is just SpaceX SpaceX is just m
mini float and just jumping around for
now. I think there is some buying
pressure still remaining but I would not
I would not own SpaceX here. Not with
this coming in August.
Uh
amazes me. Off hours market goes down
10% before retail can even get into the
market. Yes.
Um,
an unrealized gains tax is not a tax,
it's theft. Yes, that is true. Andy
Peter says, "I have same issues with
random blocking of accounts with Saxo
Bank. Last time it took six weeks to get
it unblocked, no excuse, nothing." Yeah,
it's I don't know what's wrong with the
banks that they're all going nuts and
not even having a reason for it. I think
they're just maybe it's AI fishing,
hacking, too much hacking, and they just
randomly block everyone if there's the
slightest flag of any sort.
China with its 50-year plan has entered
the chat and left again laughing. Yeah,
well, they also have problems.
Whimos need more lighter. Yes, more
lighter.
SK Highex, I know.
Just to clarify for everyone that does
not know, AP and FSD still engaged. When
you press the pedal, I have three Teslas
with FSD. You can accelerate. You get
immediate warning. Brakes won't apply.
Um,
wait, doesn't it disengage?
What does
looks like there's a massive call
options valued around 4 million for 420
June strike prices. That signal
something.
No, there are 10 million reasons why
people would buy calls. You can be a
short fund and you know hedge and all
kinds of stuff. So sometimes people are
go short and then they have to buy
calls. So you never know exactly why.
Robert Carter says, "Joe, I used FSD two
hours today. It was perfect. It gets
better and better. Please pump."
I I can't pump today. I'm too exhausted.
This was like a horrible day. Hey, I had
like everything coming at me so that I
was even late for you guys. I I'm never
late. Well, that's not true, but I was
very late today.
I couldn't get off. I'm just saying
other than the fake news. That is what's
going on yesterday. Yes, Kesha, I
disagree. Meta, Google were already down
a lot leading into the infra crash.
Well, are they down today? I know Google
got killed yesterday. That was quite
something.
Well, today we got killed. Oh, Google.
See Google. Nothing. Nothing. Google
flat.
Tesla wants to bounce off 360 per share,
but I think the 380 is the bottom now.
Well, I am not going to comment on this
anymore. I don't want to jinx anything.
I think MSD is hitting a bottom even
though there's leadership needs to be
fired. Yes.
potential use for margin here. Oh, you
have to be cautious. You need you need
to know when to do it. I use margin all
the time, but you need to be very
cautious and you need to be very ice
cold and disciplined and when things go
wrong, you cannot think twice. You have
to get out. So margin is very simple.
You can only use margin if you're
experienced and coldblooded
and are willing to take losses.
There's a ton of demand at 150 for
SpaceX. it goes below get ready to get
ready to buy epoxy. I would be cautious
with SpaceX. I think the the selling
pressure will be insane in uh in August.
Someone should make a robot lawn care
company called Elon.
It's very funny. Street
Cred Zero wins today's branding idea.
Elon, I can see it. An amazing little
robot that keeps your grass your lawn in
place.
Never never bet against
eon.
Perfect. I like the slogan. I like
everything about it. But to clarify, I
agree uh PA or FAT is not technically
engaged any longer if the driver is
overriding its function. Yeah, exactly.
Bright trades big big
trades with an H. Big H trades crashing
because Tesla crashed into home.
Conclusion FSD not ready. But that's not
true. Trainy train
to what? Train, toy, train,
train, toy, train.
What do we have here? Elon. Oh god, how
do we have so many messages? What's
wrong with you guys? One and two of I
can't even read all messages.
That's good. I like engaged
an engaged audience, but then I can't
even I need to I I need to level up my
whole game here because, you know, we're
getting bigger and then I have still I
use Riverside and they have a crappy
little commentary thing and at least
it's not jumping anymore. I think they
actually changed it. I'm always having
my editor write these Riverside guys
with all the bugs we find. I should get
paid by Riverside for debugging their
system.
But I want to like uh can I highlight
any of your comments? This is all
YouTube. Yeah, you all on YouTube. No
one is an X.
Okay, let's see. How confident are you
in Alexander Mer's
prediction for SpaceX and Tesla merger
by August? Oh,
I don't know. Not super confident. I
think she has some good points. I
understand the rationale why the mojo
happens sooner than later. But there are
so many concerns about like the concerns
are very simple. You know, SpaceX might
be at the precipice of a total stock
crash
for technical reasons. It's extremely
highly valued. It's the the revenue
multiple is crazy. they have unlocks.
Uh the lock up periods is running out
August 11th all the way into November.
You have 400% more float coming into the
market just selling pressure. Uh you
have no real floor for this thing yet.
So that's one thing. So SpaceX might get
cut in half very easily from two
trillion to 1 trillion. I see absolutely
nothing holding it back.
At the same time, Tesla is the opposite.
And I'm not talking as a Tesla fanboy.
I'm just telling you guys like if they
scale Robbo taxi this thing doubles to
700 in this situation to start doing a
merger
plus the IPO just happened. So you under
heavy scrutiny by the SEC like if you do
a merger do you really want to tell me
you didn't know that before the IPO? And
then you have massive legal problems.
Right? So
the price discovery of SpaceX has not
been completed and will not be really
completed until all these lockups are
done. Okay. So using SpaceX in any way
as a currency to acquire Tesla while
this crazy thing is happening while the
stock is clearly immature objectively
immature with 5% float going to you know
60%.
Uh, that's crazy, right? You you just
take too much risk. That's that's my
concern. So, I think the earliest point
that makes like safe sense is just way
later.
Matt stock says, "Tomorrow 6% plus
Tesla."
I think that's I would absolutely not
bet against that. Let me put it like
this. I would maybe not bet on it, but I
would even less bet against the 6% plus
day, but I don't want to jinx anything.
I just sold
out of the money puts on MA.
Uh I don't know. I I'm don't trust
myself enough to make meta predictions.
I think a loan against unrealized gains
should be taxed seems fair, but this is
very hard to implement.
Uh says Ken
Kesha says Elon responds to fake news
leisure real estate. Whimo is not ready.
That's why we are being recalled. Yes, I
tell you why Tesla is a piece of
and they sell it to buy SpaceX. I think
that might still be
part of the problem. Let's go back to
our sad Tesla. It's just totally dead.
We need news. But TBM is saying she
thinks that they are holding bagu until
the merger price is locked.
I refuse to believe that. I mean this is
all big
be weak force. This is all
I mean this is it would be an insanely
dangerous game if they do that because
it's extremely illegal to do these
things. So I I really don't think so. I
don't think so. We have to recognize
that FSD is like difficult. We have to
recognize that cyber caps are being
deployed all over the place. We have to
recognize that FSD makes tremendous
progress the as an entire program. We
are produ mass producing cyber caps.
We're churning them out by the hundreds
and I would even I would even I would
even say at the thousands in July. I
think we are already at a run rate of a
thousand per month. So we're turning
these things out like crazy. We're
putting them all over the place. all
over the map in all these different
cities into the parking lots. Like why
do you think that is? I think we are
making progress. It just is complicated.
Uh Keen mod, I've been in Tesla for over
five years and have made fewer gains
than my wife has with some stupid ETFs.
Yes, I know this is the problem. We need
some results this year.
The merge makes more sense if later than
more tricky. Elon wants to go fast. I
know, but it's very dangerous. Helloand.
Hello. Back to Germany. I made a tweet,
by the way, that Elon is suing the ZDF,
this government TV station of Germany,
the second one.
And that is a they have 30% market share
together with the other TV station. So,
they're huge. And they they made a total
lie about Elon. You probably saw my
tweet because Elon shared in like a big
deal 1.5 million views on this thing and
Elon is suing Germany. But this has
nothing to do with cars. It has to do
with the German ZDF saying Elon was
calling the Irish people to go onto the
streets and kill migrants.
That's what they literally said on TV.
And that's why Elon is suing them now.
And he's totally winning, of course,
because they literally said that and was
a total lie. Ridiculous.
Ridiculous.
So, that's not going to end well for
that thing.
Uh, and this is a very big deal in
Europe right now. Teslas are selling
like hot cakes here in Jersey. Good to
know. We need sales.
Uh, FC is ridiculously good for road
trips and a little annoying about
parking,
says JD Luke. Street Craz says, "The
fact that zuks have lighter is why I
sleep easy on them." Yeah, I mean, this
is all fake news. Uh, FSD not good in
parking lots goes all over the place.
Great everywhere else. But Ken, do you
have 14.3.4? That seems to be like a big
leap.
Uh, if Tesla doesn't deliver on the
cities they promised by end of June, it
would be a massive disappointment. So
much opportunity cost. But I'm trying to
be patient. Yeah, but I think all the
disappointment is kind of priced into
the stock. I don't think if they miss
that selfproclaimed
deadline, the stock is going to fall. I
hope you're going back to 400 very
quickly because this was ridiculous
today. It was a very tough day.
Kiny Mod says
Elon is completely justified
to sue the set F.
Yes, this is fun to watch. This is such
a blood bath for these people. They will
lose so hard. This was so bad what they
did.
I believe a big pump is coming after the
Tesla event in August, says Alan
Sanchez. So what what what Tesla event
do we have an event? Do you mean the
Optimus thing? Do we have any confirmed
event in August or you you mean the
earnings call that's in July, I guess?
Well, uh, Matt Stocks asked where do you
see Tesla by August, end of the year? I
would say given the whole situation,
let's assume there's no merger. Uh,
I do think when you see all these
converging trajectories. I said it it
that I believe it happens in June. If it
doesn't happen in June, it doesn't
change much in my belief that it will
happen very soon. I do believe when you
look at the cyber caps, when you look at
the rollouts, okay, here's my point. How
is it possible that we print all these
cyber caps in the Austin Gigafactory,
then deploy to the parking lots and park
them there all over the place, not in
Austin, but distributed around all these
cities? What could possibly be the
reason for that?
The only reason for that is to actually
use them. If you did not intend to
deploy Cyber Cap commercially,
why would you put them into parking lots
across the nation and have like 40, 50,
60 of these things in parking lots
neatly parked next to each other in all
of these different cities? I don't know.
Maybe I'm stupid. Maybe I'm I'm not
getting it. But what exactly could you
possibly plan if not using them? And
if that is actually the case, unless
someone else has a better idea and you
have 50 or 60 in these parking lots,
like okay, how many do you think they
want to accumulate there? How many?
Like I don't know, a thousand. They
don't fit into the parking lot. So maybe
200 per city. Like there must be a point
where they want to use them. Okay,
that's what I think.
Uh,
here Bruce Lee says, Bruce Lee is a
German.
Should I translate this in real time?
Uh, strictly speaking, says Bruce Lee,
uh,
there wasn't a lawsuit that has been has
been decided yet. Musk's uh, attorney
sent an uh, upman like a thing to the
ZDF with a cease and desist letter. They
followed the t cease and desist
and they themselves
uh admitted that their sentence is
imprecise and confusing or can be
misunderstood
and removed the passage from the video.
But this is not the end of this thing.
So we have to see
uh people who missed the five for one
and three for one stock splits in 2020
2022 because they bought in late 2020
should stop complaining. Yes. Is today
dropped do the fud about the Tesla
crashing into home? Yes, Doug fresh.
That's our theory. Did we cover Tesla
Boomer mama's comment? Says fun 390. Uh
which comment? There were so many
comments. her comment that she doesn't
like that the Tesla influencers and
commentators comment too much on the
merger and that she doesn't like my
ratchet.
We didn't really cover that. The reason
is there awaiting permits and software
updates. Well, but
at what point is it enough?
He teased the flying car. I know I
teased the flying car, too. FC was a
true game changer for me and my wife on
road trips. takes all the pressure off
at me and driving for my wife. The thing
is I started talking about it resulting
in an argument says street credit zero
JD Luke but man imagine a really really
wide roll out fast. I think that could
happen.
But when
they may distribute them not to make a
bad impression showing thousands at once
roax announcement will happen by June
30th
says lights
light.
Uh let's hope so. When the price drops,
you buy. You make your money on the buy.
This was a great day. Yeah, it depends.
It depends how much leverage you have.
Tesla still building charge stations for
them.
True.
Yeah, there's some infrastructure built
out. The question is, is FSD actually
ready? That is my if I only knew FSD is
finally fully ready that would give me
more peace of mind.
Uh accidential FSD disengagement is an
issue probably.
They might distribute them not to make a
bad impression showing many hundreds in
one place.
But I mean if you have 50 you can still
make a bad impression.
Tesla still building charge stations for
those numbers. Maybe I always say it's
all about does it work or not? Like when
does FSD actually work.
Mega pots also a good idea.
Uh Elon mentioned an event when he
teased the flying car. I know, but I
would not bet on this event.
I'm so tired of all the winning. Me too.
Exactly. You just touch the brake or
steering wheel and it can disengage.
Exactly. This whole thing today was a
joke. I tell you guys, I heard from a
good source that Tesla will not sell
cyber caps. Yes, I I always said they're
not going to sell it. It makes no sense.
I did the modeling on it, the financial
modeling. You would not sell this thing.
Why would you ever sell it?
When do you plan to open position in
SpaceX? I tell you exactly when. It's
not so much a question of price, it's a
question of timing. I will not open a
position in SpaceX until I see a real
market price discovery process. Meaning
all these locked up shares need to be in
the market which is November. So I will
not do anything before November
unless I see a totally massive crash.
But that should that has to go way below
100 for me to take it because in
November if this all happens and it's
still at 120 or whatever that's fine
with me.
Can you explain the worst case scenario
for Tesla investors in merch? No, not
really. I mean, there are so many
possibility scenarios. I do not think
that there can be a merger that is too
bad for Tesla investors because if you
propose a merger, you do not want to
propose anything that risks a no vote.
And Alexandra, I think, is a little too
light on that topic where she says,
"Well, investors have no say in this." I
disagree. Investors have a lot of say in
this. You need the investors. And the
idea that there are somehow
institutional investors who have it all
under control and they are retail
investors who don't know what they're
doing is inaccurate because you have a
very large share of investors who are in
between who are institutional investors
but they're not the top six funds. What
about all of them? Right? So there is no
clear delineation between what is the
difference between a $10 million Tesla
retail investor and a $10 million family
office and a $25 million fund holding. I
mean they're all the same. They are
smart people who do investing. So you
need votes and you can't just pull off
some merger against the interests of
Tesla shareholders with the help of like
five mega funds because all of them can
get sued. So if they have any kind of
conflict of interest with SpaceX,
is November the last locker period for
SpaceX? Long story short, yes. There's a
longer lock up period of 366 days for
Elon and some early investors and some
very big shareholders, but I think 60%
of the shares get unlocked by November
by all the other guys.
So in November, I think it's basically
done.
Um,
Alex Alexandra and others seem
uncomfortably pushy about the merger.
Maybe they know something, but something
seems fishy.
Who knows? I don't know. I don't think
so. Uh, you can be pushy without
something going on. But yeah, we I'm I
mean, I'm not very nervous about it. I
will observe the situation. I like
Tesla. I like SpaceX, but things need to
be fair and balanced and they need to be
based on valuations that make sense and
then everyone can make a decision.
So
yes,
exactly. So that is the situation.
Let's wrap it up here. I'm so exhausted.
Today was such a horrible day. Ah, today
was really bad. I'm actually had a tough
time today. Uh not just because of
Tesla, but Tesla was one of the reasons.
Um
but very good questions. We know what it
do. I think there was fake news. I think
uh the market is in good shape. I think
the Cosby crashed for a good reason and
doesn't change the trend. The NASDAQ
went down 2%. Not a big deal. Doesn't
change the trend. Tesla was slaughtered
based on fake news and will bounce back
very likely. I hope unless this is
because of something else that I don't
understand. I hope not.
Uh many people have said they aren't
selling and there's there has been
liquidity for employees previously. So
I'm sure some shares will sell but it
might be surprising how little sold. I
agree with waiting. Well, epoxy,
frostbite, it doesn't matter too much.
If you have 5% float and that increases
to 60% float and 100% of the 60 of the
55% coming into the market can only
create selling pressure. They cannot
create buying pressure. It doesn't even
matter how many people want to sell
because it is massive selling pressure
even if it's just a tiny little piece.
So,
uh not including your derivative
position. What percentage is Tesla in
your long-term investment portfolio?
Roughly 60%.
But my derivative position is very
massive.
But it changes all the time. Koreans
definitely sold to cover their margins.
Yes, they're Yes, but now they will now
they will get on the margins again. The
market is mostly her behavior. Of
course, a herd can drive itself off a
cliff. Yes. Like today,
uh drive themselves off a cliff with FSD
disengaged.
In particular, they do have the required
redundant steering acuation including an
independent second steering motor or
would European safety rules limited.
Moral of Joe's story, buy Tesla, but not
advice, just smart. Exactly. Never
advice, just thoughts.
Okay guys, now I have to go to bed. This
was like a what a horrible day. But I
fixed everything at least.
But good to see everyone. We have
tomorrow we have a political video. I
have to comment on the EU situation and
this whole applause situation and send
them back. Chance in the EU parliament.
A break with a long tradition of not
doing that. I will have a video on that.
It will be fun hopefully for everyone.
So, we need to get more political.
There's so much political stuff
happening.
Okay, thank you guys. Great to have you
and see you tomorrow hopefully for a
better performance of Tesla.
Yeah, thank you guys. I have to sleep
now.
Bye-bye.