Channel:     futureaza
Title:       Tesla May Have Outsmarted NHTSA
URL:         https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8drccdBRCkA
Published:   2026-09-10 12:00 UTC
Fetched:     2026-09-10 13:00 UTC

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

This is part of the process. Once you
sell certified, Nitsa comes in, does a
probe, and then validates what is
applicable federal raw laws, change the
laws that they need to change or just
double check to make sure that it works.
So, we'll see. I don't know yet for I'm
not 100% certain, but at this point, I
would lean that this Nitsa probe is not
a negative form. In fact, it's the
opposite. It's the positive. It's the
thing that you need to get past. And
once you get past this, then it's all,
you know, then you get the rule. Now, it
can go any way, so it can be stuck in
regulation for a long time. But, uh, at
this point, I'm more positive than
negative given what Eric said the night
before. He spent a long time telling us
that they are in commun constant
communication with Nitsa. Last week was
the Cyber Cab event, the big launch day.
It wasn't a big product or unveiling or
anything like that, but it was the
official word that the Cyber Cab is out.
And as of that moment, uh, guests could
summon it. and the following day, anyone
could summon it. Um, which is, you know,
an exciting milestone in that process.
Well, I've got the milestone guy himself
here who was at the event who wasn't uh
kicked out at the end like most guests.
He got to hang out and chat with the
engineers, pick they brains a bit. We'll
find out if he did. I've got Herbert
here from Brighter. He's going to make
us just that. And I'm Brian. Welcome to
Futurazza.
I hilariously Herbert had someone say,
"You don't need to do an intro. Just do
the video." It's like, well, I kind of
feel like people should know what's
coming up, but uh what are you going to
do? So, Cyber Cab event was held in
Austin. Not at the factory though. Uh
so, you didn't get to see the Align
itself, did you?
&gt;&gt; No, we did not. That was a
disappointment. We thought we were
hoping that we would actually get to go
into the factory, see the unboxed model.
We thought maybe that's why they were
doing the kind of u you know not
allowing streamer uh this the creators
to be able to film during the event but
that wasn't the case. Yeah.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. They had pretty uneven enforcement
on who was a content creator but uh I
get it. And some people who were very
friendly to the brand uh didn't get in
who at the door. Josh West was turned
away. Ellie in space was turned away.
Those are as friendly a folk as you're
going to find. But I guess you got to
draw the line somewhere. And I guess
that line was found.
&gt;&gt; Now you had a chance to talk to the
engineers. You had a chance to talk to
Eric. Is that right?
&gt;&gt; Yes. So first of all, just to be very
clear what actually happened at this
particular event. This was in my mind
when you piece everything together at
the end of the day, it was a celebration
by the Tesla team for the Tesla team.
And then they said, "You know what? It'd
be nice if we did invite a small group
of the content creators who were there
all along the way." And I don't know how
they chose and so forth, but they kept
it small. It was primarily for the
employees. They were all there, 250,
maybe even 300 of them. I got to stay
till the very end. Xander Sat uh Jeff
Lutz and Sirin Basher were with me at
the very end. We were the only people.
No, all the guests had left except for
all the employees and us. And what did
they do at the end? They took photos.
They took the full group photo. They
took the photos of each individual team.
They were celebrating each other. They
had music playing. They were having fun.
And uh the you know the engineers were
out there and they spent several hours
mingling. Not only the engineers but
some of the executives. There was
somebody telling me that oh I think we
think that Elon's going to come. He did
not end up showing up. So that might
have been a plan that was hoping that
they were going to happen but it didn't
happen. But the executives were there.
Had a chance to speak to a number of the
employees at length. I spoke to Eric
Early who is the the main person in
charge with the cyber cabab. You had
that very early scoop where you had
early on was it a year ago you had a
chance to really understand the cyber
capab more than anyone else because you
had a chance to speak to him and
multiple engineers. I had my chance over
close to 40 plus minutes, maybe even an
hour. It was like that long of a
conversation. Well, that's what we're
here to talk about. Herbert, you got
some exclusives. You got some nuggets
and then needs them. Uh, so charging,
what's going on with charging?
&gt;&gt; So, the first thing about charging was I
did press him a little bit and I said,
"Look, one of the things that the um
Tesla faithful have been asking for is
why haven't we seen wireless charging?"
We know that the Serbic cabs are being
produced. We know that they have
wireless charging built in but we had
assumed that by now we was going to have
wireless chargers at least in some of
the superchargers at least in some of
the service stations you should have
wireless charging. France himself
remember he was being interviewed by Jay
Leno and he had told him that I expect
to have a few wireless chargers along
the way from one city to another city
maybe a couple by you know very soon.
How come it's not there? I told them I
heard rumors that they had issues with
regulation. The specific bandwidth of
this wireless charging that they had
bought, they had bought this company to
do it was not yet approved by
regulators. Uh so they're either going
to get the regulators to change it or
they themselves are going to change
their system so that it matches what is
approved for wireless charging. He
didn't answer it directly, nor should
he, but he said this. He said that by
the end of this year, we do expect to
have a number of automated charging
options
solutions. So when he said it that way,
you can get gather right away from that
that it's not necessarily that our only
option is wireless charging. They're
probably going to be some sort of
automated charging system. So what I got
out of it is my guess would be you
remember the snake, the automated snake
that would take the charger and plug it
in on it. Oh, good job, dude.
Good job preparing for that. So, there
is that potential for that to come back,
you know, some sort of automated thing.
It could be I don't know. I guess you
can guess what um they would do, but it
is coming by the end of this year, he
said. So, we'll keep an eye on that out
on that. And also, I did not gather that
wireless charging is off the table. I
think it's still there. It's just that
it's not, you know, they're gonna have
multiple ways,
&gt;&gt; just that we're not going to wait for
it.
&gt;&gt; And I'll tell you, this footage is much
better with Let's Get It On playing
because
&gt;&gt; Yeah, it's it's someone did that with a
video and I was like, "No, that's that's
correct." Right now, there are one
there's one way to charge it manually
through the bumper there. The second is
wirelessly, which they presumably have
in the lab, but are not permitted to
deploy for whatever reason. And the
third could be a snake or something like
it. Uh so there are options available.
Uh we just don't know what they will be.
And we're not going to wait. We're going
to keep moving forward regardless
because if we have to assign someone to
manually plug them in once a day, we can
do that. That's not going to kill us.
It's just annoying. What one thing he
did say because I I as you know we were
talking about I I was saying to him is
your goal to try to get the cyber cab to
be you know let's say 23 hours of you
know utilization not a 24-hour day right
like try to get as highly utilized as
possible and uh he said well as you know
that during the night times there's very
need they're low the demand falls
significantly so it's not like they need
to you know push really hard at this
point to get the charging to be instead
of 2 hours it takes 1 hour you know
instead of an hour it takes 30 minutes
they got plenty of time at night time to
charge all the cars that's not the
pressing situation today it will be so
at this point does it really matter
because I asked them I've heard that
your wireless charging is ridiculously
like 93% efficiency meaning to say that
it's actually as fast as a pluggedin
charging system like 93% as fast but the
way he answered was he didn't answer
that directly but it basically saying it
really doesn't matter at this point just
the way he the roundabout answer was you
know nighttime we have plenty of time so
we don't have to fully utilize the car
at this point the other thing to note is
that plugging it in directly does not
give you 100% efficiency gives you
probably 97 98 so the loss is smaller
than it appears and it's more than made
up for by the efficiency of the vehicle
so the total uh W hours out of the
spigot, the electricity hose if you
will, and I hope you won't, uh, is still
going to be far better than the
competition. But we're here for nuggets,
Herbert. Why isn't, first of all, why is
the screen so big? And secondly, why is
it so small?
&gt;&gt; Yeah, that's a question I asked uh Eric
as well. I said, you know, that screen
is amazing. I loved it. Uh I noticed
that the theme that I got when I spoke
to multiple engineers Ashok himself the
CFO all about the cyber cab they all
were asking questions they'd ask
questions too by the way vice versa
about the experience the experience cuz
it truly is it's like I know I've driven
a few uh cyber cabs but this was when
the one I did was where was much longer
rides I felt like I was completely lost
like you completely forget you're even
in a car you forget that you're being
somebody. You're not driving. You truly
are sitting there. Like it's one thing
when you're in the back of an Uber and
you're like doing your own thing. But
when you have a big screen in front of
you, you're you have your friend with
you beside you and nothing else and very
quiet by the way, very quiet. You get
lost. So I asked the question, why can't
that screen be even bigger? Sure, it's
already big, by the way. It's big
enough, but why can't it be bigger? And
he said, 'Well, the problem is that the
airbags on both sides, there's no driver
and passenger side. They're both
passenger sides. The left passenger, the
right passenger, they both have to have
space to open up. Okay, so that was a
very good answer of why it is. It is
still the biggest 22 inches. It's still
the largest screen of anybody any car
out there, but it still could you know
how cool would be if it was like and I
said what could you see a day when the
windshield will be all you know screen.
Can you imagine the whole thing could be
screened even the back the sides and all
that and he said he it kind of gave the
answer that it was very likely that that
will happen but there are things you
need to pass safety and all and all
those scenarios. So I think uh step by
step right you got to get approval from
Nitsa and you don't want to over jump.
Um by the way that's the next topic I
want to talk about is Zuks and Nitsa
Nitsa situation.
&gt;&gt; Oh sure well uh I did want to say that
what about you know advertising because
that seems like something Whimo is known
to do. Yes. I have a I got a fortune
that said the future is here in a
restaurant. This wasn't a promotional
event, Jeff. This was I was with my
buddy Jeff. We were having Chinese food
and I don't know, Santa Rosa or
something.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; And we're like I'm like seriously.
&gt;&gt; And uh Yeah, that's
okay. I uh would argue Cybercap probably
isn't going to need ads. What do you
think? I don't think they need ads
because as you know you know better than
I do the way that they're going to
reduce the cost per mile which is the
way to do that is through longevity of
the vehicle every single bit take out
the weight um the way it maneuvers all
of things you know this better than I do
efficiency of the vehicle is
underestimated how they how cheap they
can make the car but it's not just the
cost of the car it's the cost of the
lifetime usage of the car by the way
that was the other thing I asked asked
him. I said, "You know, most
forecasters," and Cern Basher was
standing beside me, and I said, "You
know, this guy here, the forecast that
we see most people do is they give the
car a lifetime of three years." Okay, so
here's the cost of the vehicle, an
automotive vehicle, uh, autonomous
vehicle, Whimo, Cybercap, give a
three-year lifespan. What's your
lifespan? Is it three years? Is it five
years? Is it longer? He answered this
one. We all heard him say five years is
the minimum.
&gt;&gt; And I turned to Cern and goes, I think
you need to rechange your your models.
He goes, actually I have that built into
the model because the way Corn does
things is he has a kind of variety of
different angles. If it's 5 years, it's
this. If it's all that. Few do say five
years. Mo almost everyone else will just
give it a three-ear lifespan. That's why
you know it's when when somebody says
any anyways three five five years is,
you know, the minimum. These cars are
built for well over 100,000, probably
500,000 miles. And and then of course
you can change parts. Maybe they'll
continue on. You just change enough
parts. Is it the same boat if you change
every single panel on the wood panel on
it? You know,
&gt;&gt; the cyber cab of Thesius. I'm familiar
with it. Uh what other engineering
nuggets were you able to pry loose from
them?
&gt;&gt; Uh engineering nuggets? Uh
oh. Well, I mean I I mean it's not
engineering, but I did ask, can you tell
me what your estimate of how much
revenue you could get from the car? Is
it $30,000? Cuz some people I've heard
them say a cyber cab is equivalent to
$30,000 per year.
&gt;&gt; Some I've seen 50,000.
A few have even said, you know,
theoretically it can actually make a h
100,000 a year. He wouldn't answer that
question.
&gt;&gt; No. And e it's possible they don't know
because it's not their department. There
were a lot of questions I asked Eric and
the team where they just said, "Oh, uh,
that never occurred to me. I just built
it." I asked them at the time, "Will I
have to purchase FSD on top of the
price?" And he said, "Well, it doesn't
have a steering wheel, so I don't know.
I maybe it's I built into the price. I I
have no idea." Well, now it's a
subscription, but uh it just wasn't
their department. And if they do know, I
would expect them to say, "Oh, I can't
talk about that
because they do know."
&gt;&gt; I asked them in in terms of engineering,
I asked them the question of, you know,
you guys have shocked the world with
your specs. Um, you came out with the
efficiency of the batteries and so
forth. Is there possibility that it can
actually get to 500 miles per
per charge? You know, cuz I told them
that I've heard and understood that one
Cyber Cap is equivalent to three Whimos.
Smaller battery, but because it's a
smaller car, the weight and the way it
maneuvers and everything's designed,
efficiency is so high that a Whimo would
have to go and charge faster. You know,
after certain miles, they got to go
charge. You would have to have three
Whimos to equal one cap. and he just
said that um we are continuing to
improve. So what you get now is not what
you're going to keep getting because we
have lots of ways we know that we're
going to continue to improve on all
this. So he didn't answer the 500 mile
one but I think eventually maybe not
that high but can you imagine a star cab
that can go 500 miles.
&gt;&gt; What will happen maybe in the future a
500 mile variant could be offered but
what will happen is energy density will
continue to improve. which means you can
make the pack smaller and smaller with
the same capacity, therefore lighter,
you get a little bit more range, you get
a little bit more efficiency. You're in
a virtuous cycle. Uh, which is what you
want to see.
&gt;&gt; Uh, there was the thing that you said,
yes,
&gt;&gt; just one thing about the efficiency and
the engineering. One of the messages
that I got pretty clear was this. It's a
it's a lot of tradeoffs. Okay. So, do
you want to have a 500 mile battery
pack? Is that important? But what are
the trade-offs?
&gt;&gt; Are you willing to pay an extra five
grand and penny a mile to have it?
&gt;&gt; You know, the the design of the vehicle
you had to like more importantly would
be the lifetime usage of the vehicle
than it is necessarily the one-time cost
at the beginning, right? or the or the
uh you know can you do you need to save
500 miles per vehicle? Is that really
more helpful than just uh coming in on a
regular basis and having more cars lower
cost gets you more cars?
&gt;&gt; You know which is better? And at the end
of the day the weight is probably more
important for lifetime usage and lower
cost per mile than having a bigger
battery. So, you know, somebody
obviously they did all that um estimates
trade-off valuation.
&gt;&gt; Absolutely. And I do see people all the
time saying, "Why not a bigger battery?
The Y L only has an 83 kilowatt hour
pack. It should have 100, 120." I go,
"Right, but that's another 5 to 700 lb.
Now you need all new suspension, all new
tuning, all new everything. And now
you're and the added cost. Now you're I
mean, just get just get an R1S at that
point. uh this is what it is and the
ranges Tesla has gotten realistic about
their ranges and the beauty of having a
fleet of this size is you get to
understand your utilization you know
tomorrow is a normal Thursday a normal
whatever day of the week we're not going
to have there's no concerts there's no
ball games we don't need the fleet at
80% we could send them all out at 68% 69
nice and have them come back at 40% %
because it's going to be a lean day
prolong the battery life. Uh so they
have that flexibility where you and I uh
don't always know how far we're going to
go on a day and it of course there will
be people who want longer journeys but
it's an average. It's a game of
averages. You could have they know what
they're doing. It's easy to make
predictions in large batches of numbers.
There was something you wanted to talk
about. You said bring it up. So let's do
that. What was that? Oh yeah,
&gt;&gt; talk about Nitsa. So um the day of the
cyber cap launch, the day of the cyber
complexation.
&gt;&gt; Yes.
&gt;&gt; Uh Nitsa launched a probe and it was a
big thing and of course Tesla Q jumped
on it going ah see Tesla's in trouble.
They're going to have to do 2500. We're
in trouble. Uh articles were written
about this and so forth. Now the night
the night before I was at the event and
I was speaking to Eric Early for quite a
long time. One of the questions I was
asking him, spent a lot of time talking
about was this approval for the cyber
cabab not requiring the exemption for
the 2500. Why zuks approach it their
way? My point being that Tesla was very
very smart. What they did was they chose
to use a normal vehicle configuration.
Looks like a normal car, doesn't it?
without steering wheel and pedal, but
they went with a normal car as opposed
to the Zuk's model which they tried to
truly reinvent AV transportation where
you don't have a front or back and
you're bench seating. You're facing each
other, right? And uh the problem with
that is that they had to get approval,
not approval, but they had to they tried
to sell certify, which is what you do.
You create a vehicle, you sell certify,
you get it out there. And um Nitsa came
in and they said, "Right, Nico, no, no,
no, no." And then they did not pass
their certification. So they pulled off.
They fought it for four years. Nitsa
changed rules along the way. And then
Zuks eventually gave in and said, "You
know what? It's okay. We're not going to
be able to make thousands of the cars
anyways. Let's just go ahead and get the
exception for 2500 for now." That's what
they did. And I said, "You know, you
guys were brilliant that you came out
with a vehicle that you could
self-certify." and he said that um we
are in constant communication with Nitsa
almost daily. It's we've been doing this
for months and years. They know exactly
we know exactly what's going on. So the
day the next day there was a probe. So
how what's the likelihood that they were
shocked that Tesla was shocked? Oh my
god. Oh no. We're in trouble. In fact,
if you see what happened the day of and
after the probe was announced, it's not
like all the posts by Elon and Ashok and
everyone were all dunking on Whimo.
They're all laughing at this. You know,
you guys said we couldn't do it and we
did it and they were very confident. So
my belief and CERN and analyzed this
whole thing, he has two articles written
on it is that this is part of the
process. Once you sell certified, Nitsa
comes in, does a probe, and then
validates what is applicable federal raw
laws, change the laws that they need to
change or just double check to make sure
that it works. So, we'll see. I don't
know yet for I'm not 100% certain, but
at this point, I would lean that this
Nissa probe is not a negative for Tesla.
In fact, it's the opposite. It's the
positive. It's the thing that you need
to get past. And once you get past this,
then it's all, you know, then you get
the rule. Now, it can go any way. So, it
can be stuck in regulation for a long
time. But, uh, at this point, I'm more
positive than negative given what Eric
said the night before. He spent a long
time telling us that they are in commun
constant communication with Nitsa.
&gt;&gt; And, uh, worth noting that the word
investigation is doing an awful lot of
heavy lifting. Nitsa opens
investigation, but they immediately
clarify it's an audit query. An audit
query is routine. It is standard and uh
it just means that you are allowed to uh
do your homework uh at home instead of
in class, but we're going to go over it.
We're going to double check your math
and make sure that uh that what you
submitted is correct. And these are
people who have been in regular
communication. It's like when you see
the word recall. I covered one recently.
It was uh you won't believe it, Herbert.
Every lucid air has been recalled. And I
had to bring it up because guys, look,
it's an over the air. It doesn't say
that until paragraph five. It's
nonsense. We can't change the opinions
of people who don't want them changed.
But we can change the naming convention.
There's no reason the nomclature needs
to say uh investigation when it's just
an audit query. It's a little silly.
&gt;&gt; Is there any two Yeah. two more things I
want to share. One was a conversation
with the CFO Vib Tanesa Tanja and what
he was asking the question is you know
what is what do you because they really
spend a lot of time um kind of deciding
every little feature and he said what
what did you feel about that decision we
made where when you're in the cyber
cabin you look at the screen the map is
very small on the top right okay the the
navigation is very small there it's all
the F is the visual of all the cars
around you and where it's going on. And
he said, you know, we made that decision
and uh I I I like it. Uh but CERN, when
we were physically in the car, CERN
didn't like that you could actually
press on it and expand it if you wanted
to. He said, you know, if I'm going
somewhere in a new city and I don't know
where the car is, I do want to see the
directions. I do want to know what's
coming up in the future. I want to know
what's around me. So, not letting you
have that. But the idea that they made
the mapping small was purposely chosen
because you are not there to drive.
You're basically just watching a screen
and you don't need to be aware about the
direction and where you're going. It's
not like when you're in, you know, being
driven by an Uber that you've got a map
that you're following. They they got the
map. They got it. You just tell them the
destination. You close your eyes. You
you can look outside and you go, "Okay,
we're a map." But that's about it. So,
that was one discussion.
&gt;&gt; I will disagree with that because what I
want to see isn't the road that I'm on
and the road that I'm next to, but the
satellite map of what's on the other
side of that building. Is there a lake
over there? Is that a farm? That's my
curiosity.
&gt;&gt; I think you might be able to do on your
phone. I don't know that you know like
there's a lot you can do on your phone
like changing destination. You can
actually control a lot of the car on
your phone. Everything. The other
question is I did get to speak to Aviba
I'm sorry Ashok himself and uh we you
know asked a question asked them about
the Ashok famous coffee cup test
remember if you if you remember a long
time ago he had said that one day I I
have a coffee cup test and what that is
is that the ride for the cyber cab
should be so smooth that if I put a
coffee cup to this you know rest it on
the the sill the window sill for example
it should not spill coffee that's how
smooth it needs to me and they got they
said h
and it's certainly not there. Uh, I was
in a cyber cab with CERN and we were
like bumping all over the place. And so
the decision again, it's a trade-off,
right? Like it's very smooth. The car is
super smooth. You know better than I do.
The suspension they could if they wanted
to put in really the best suspension in
the world where it is like uh you do not
even know. It's going over bumps and you
don't even feel it at all, right? Just
just goes. They've not done that choice.
And again, it's cost, you know, the the
you know, there's a way you weigh
everything out, but uh it's not quite
there, but certainly, you know, the way
that the cyber cap turns, the way it it
uh moves, it is is good. What one thing
I felt was the thing I I several times
in the video when I was videotaping it
with CERN, I was like going, "My god,
this cyber cap is booking it. It's
booking it." It's like I feel like it's
like going fast. And then at the very
top left he do he can actually see the
speed. Again that's something you have
to look really tiny there to speed. So
we're going 30 miles per hour. We're
going to the right speed limit. But I
felt like whoa. It feels like it was
going fast. It's very insane. So um you
know they so I don't know if that they
were optimizing for you know cyber the
coffee cup test or they were just trying
to also get you to a destination fast
without speeding. I think you're just uh
sit maybe you're sitting lower than
you're used to or because you can't see
the hood you feel farther forward.
&gt;&gt; That was something I mentioned by the
way. I I was shock I and I was like I
just realized something. I said I cannot
see I'm the I'm so close to the you know
the windshield and I'm looking down and
you do not see anything. It's it's
awesome. It's like as if you're in a
spaceship, you know.
&gt;&gt; I'll take your word for it. Um
fantastic. And of course, uh, guys, what
do we miss? What do we misunderstand?
What should Herbert have asked? That's
what I want to know. Everyone else, you
know, like, subscribe, do what you do.
Head over to Herbert's channel. I'm on
there twice a week. I do read the
comments from time to time. Uh, some of
them are quite insightful. Everyone
else, stay tuned, stay juicy, and I
cannot wait to hear from you clever
robots. When next we chat, which will be
about
when are all these cyber caps going to
be unleashed? Herbert definitely knows
the answer. I do.
&gt;&gt; But will he tell