Channel:     investingagainstthegrain
Title:       Did I Sell My $TSLA? Honest Tesla Earnings Reaction + Why This Scary Market Is a Huge Opportunity
URL:         https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1LVfW5xCx-8
Published:   2026-07-27 02:20 UTC
Fetched:     2026-07-27 03:00 UTC

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Once again, the world is hopeful that
Iran, United States can end this war.
Oil prices are dropping. The stock
market futures are soaring. But can it
last? And the stock market looks sick.
It looks like it's going to continue to
go down. But is this the time to sell
and freak out, or is this the moment
where opportunity is made? Is this where
generational wealth can be created? And
what are my thoughts on Tesla after this
earnings call? Am I selling everything
or is it time to double down? Let's
discuss.
&gt;&gt; You're crazy.
Thank you to everybody who attended the
options July crash course. That was a
crazy 12 to 13 hours. We went non-stop.
I want to thank you guys for asking so
many great questions for the
participation, the laughs. We laughed a
lot, but it was a fantastic 12, 13
hours. And I cannot wait to see you guys
share your results with the world and
show us what you can do. This was just
absolutely fantastic. So, thank you
again for joining. If you want to attend
the next one, the next one's going to be
at the end of September. Sign up now. Do
not wait. I'll tell you right now, the
July one filled up all the way back in
May. The August one filled up in the
last week of June. The September one is
already filling up. It opened up at the
end of last week, so it's filling up
fast. If you want to attend the options
crash course, use the link down below.
If you're wondering what it is, very
simple. Most of us have a portfolio
that's all in on Tesla or just a handful
of stocks that we have or we're retired
and we have a portfolio and we don't
know how to generate income off of it or
we're just trying to get to financial
independence or retire early. Whatever
your why is, the goal is to teach you
how to use options effectively. How to
be able to generate 1 to 4% of your
portfolio's value per month. For
example, if you have a million dollar
portfolio, you should be able to make 10
to 40 grand per month. If you have a
$100,000 portfolio, you should be able
to make one to 4,000 per month. Okay,
these are conservative numbers to be
fair, but I want to lean on the
conservative side. This is doable. When
you learn how to do use options
properly, you can make your portfolio
become an engine that generates money
for you. The problem is so many people
don't know how to do it. They don't know
how to do it properly. There's plenty of
YouTube videos out there that tell you
how to place a trade, how to get into a
trade. None of them talk about proper
management, how to get out of a trade,
how to manage trades, what to do when
things go a little tricky or how to find
the right time to place a trade. That is
what we go over. I show you everything
what I do exactly. I don't gatekeep
anything. And afterwards, you can sign
up for the recording of the video so you
can go back and you can review it. The
goal here is to help people reach
financial independence the same way I
have. You have Dave Ramsey out there.
You have Robert Kawasaki out there with
Rich Dad Poor Dad. You've got the
financial independence retire early
people out there. I'm going to be the
option guy that helps you take your
portfolio and make it generate income
for you so you can enjoy your retirement
better so you can retire earlier or so
you can just have cash whenever Tesla
sells off and know how to deploy to buy
more shares. That's my goal. If you're
interested, use the link below. And also
for everyone who attended, keep in mind
you can now sign up for the zeroday
options course. So you can find that
link down below. And if you're
interested in using our trading journal,
you don't have to have taken the options
crash course. Anyone who trades options
or uses options period or even just
stock in general, you can use our
journal. It now works for Fidelity, for
tasty trade, for inactive brokers, for
Schwab, for Thinker Swim, Robin Hoods
and Beta, and for all the Canadians out
there. Wealth Simple is coming soon. If
you want to use the journal, the links
down below for that, too. Over the
weekend, we saw Iran, United States kind
of have a bit of a ceasefire. We haven't
seen a lot of activity recently from a
kinetic perspective, but there's still a
lot of discussions and kind of going
back and forth. What we did see though
is we saw Ukraine launch an attack
against an Iran vessel, one of their
cargo ships. You can see here says
Ukraine hits Iranian vessel. Tran
accuses Kiev of hostile criminal acts.
You add this on top of what the Houthies
are doing in the Red Sea where they're
attacking Saudi Arabian ships and it's
almost like we're in the potential
making of a world war. Now, we've been
here before. We've had these moments
that feel like a world war is about to
kick off and yet they end up being
nothing. I don't want to dismiss this
completely because it is a risk for not
only the world, but also for the
markets. So, it's definitely something
to keep an eye on. But hopefully, the
United States and Iran maybe calming
down a little bit with the tax back and
forth. We haven't seen anything lately.
Like I mentioned, maybe this could
actually be the start of an end to all
this. After all, from an Iran
perspective, they have been getting
beaten up left and right. everything
just bombed away what was it 13 straight
days I believe they have an incentive to
end this because on the one hand I get
the point of view that people have like
oh they don't have any pressure because
Trump has the pressure with midterms
coming up however what happens after
midterms whether Trump and the
Republicans do well in midterms or not
after midterms they're going to have no
incentive that would cause them to take
it light the Iranians need to also be
aware of that right now yes they have
the midterms but if that's no longer
longer a forcing function for the
president and the United States, then
what? So, I think that there is kind of
a give and take that's going to happen
here soon between both. I've said this
before, I've been wrong. I'll openly
admit when I'm wrong. I don't know
what's going to happen. However, these
are very unpredictable times. All we can
do is the best we can with our our
guesses and our predictions, but at the
end of the day, we don't know anything.
We'll see what happens. I just hope for
peace. I hope for less people dying. I
hope to get this resolved so that we can
move forward with more exciting things.
Let's talk about the exciting things
because the markets are exciting right
now. And I saw this quote from Chris
Camilo. He posted this on X. If you
don't know Chris Camilillo, he's the
host of the Dumb Money podcast. Retail
investor just like us. He believes in
trading. He has a lot of the same
philosophies that we have. Uh but he
takes things from a social arbitrage
perspective. Anyways, he posts on X the
following. The market is starkly divided
on the AI trade. Nail it with
concentration and it defines your
returns for the rest of the decade. I
couldn't agree more. In fact, right now
when I see this market, I get it. People
are pretty paranoid. People are scared,
maybe freaking out, or maybe they're not
doing anything actively. But look, we
all have emotions. We're all big
long-term Tesla investors. At least most
of us are, I imagine. And we just saw
Tesla go from 370 down to 308 or
somewhere in that range. And we were
just in the 400s a couple days prior.
That's a big blow to to just take in and
think that you're not going to have any
type of feelings about it. We're all
going to have feelings, but our feelings
are one thing. The decisions we make are
something else. Take a look at this
because I agree with him. Look how far
below from all-time highs all these AI
stocks are. We have AMD is down 10.7
from all-time highs. Google is down
21.1% from all-time highs. Micron 26.6%.
Tesla, I consider them an AI name, down
37.2%.
SanDisk 39%. And here's where it gets
good. Palanteer 40.8%. Marll 41.1% and
ALAB 41.6%.
These are all AI names. These are all
names that are either critical for the
infrastructure or are going to be the
companies that really lead the way from
from an AI perspective. You know, when I
say that I mean Palanteer, Tesla, and
Google. When we see these names at such
a big discount, you have to think, hey,
there's opportunity here. Now, it's
scary, especially when you see like AAB,
Marll, Palanteer, all Sandis all down
40%. But that's where the opportunity is
in my opinion. So what have I done?
Well, I am probably about to buy some uh
ALAB. I've bought a lot of Marvel. Uh
not only just being assigned puts, I
actually bought shares on top of that.
Palunteer. I haven't done anything with
SanDisk. I've bought shares in and
Tesla, as you guys know, I'm essentially
an all-in Tesla investor. I bought
shares in these other companies or I
took assignment on them so I could trade
them. So I see that as a little bit of a
different bucket than my Tesla holdings.
Micron not doing anything in it. Google,
nothing. AMD I have shares in. But the
rest of these I see them as very
interesting trades. They're ones that I
may decide to start selling puts in to
take an opportunity. After all, if ALAB,
Marvel, Palanteer, Sandis, they're down
40%. If they come down another 40% or
another 20%, 30%, I don't know how you
don't buy these. After all, last I
checked, Google just sold off after
having a blowout earnings because
they're spending so much on capex. Last
I checked during Tesla's earnings call,
they talked about Micron in their
earnings call. Once again, that's three
quarters in a row they've talked about
Micron. The AI narrative, the AI
buildout is happening one way or
another. Despite what the market thinks,
market can sell off Google all at once.
It can sell off these names all all at
once. The capex spending is going up and
those capex dollars are going to these
companies. Now, there's other companies
I left out of here like Nvidia, but you
get my point. These names are the future
of this stock market. These names are
going to build out the future of AI. So
without them, nothing's happening. So to
me, this is where I want to be investing
my money. These are not just big
discounts on these companies from a
stock perspective. These companies are
also highly profitable companies. Okay,
maybe Tesla we can put to the side
there. Tesla's huge potential for
profits. But ALAB, Marll, uh, Palanteer,
Sandis, Micron, Google, AMD, these
companies are growing at crazy clips.
anywhere from 50 to 100% year-over-year.
Their PE, their price to earnings ratio
is lower now because the stocks keep
coming down. They're extremely low for
all these companies again except Tesla.
These are not just hype stocks. These
are not just stocks that are getting
pumped up FOMO kind of activity for no
reason. These are stocks that have real
earnings, real profits. They're not
built on. They're built on true profits.
But how do we know when it's the right
time to get into one of these stocks or
start buying? Right? The buy low,
everyone talks about it. Yeah, I don't
see anyone buying low right now. So,
this is where it gets a little funny
because people don't want to you hear
them say catch a falling knife. Here's
my philosophy. I don't try to predict
the timing of any of this. A discount's
a discount. Whether it's 20%, 40%, if I
can get a discount, I'll take it. I
don't need to time the bottom. I don't
care if I buy a stock and it goes down
20, 30, $40, $50. What do I care? I got
it on a discount. I thought that was a
fair price. That's why I like selling
puts because the market comes to me. And
so, if I get assigned my stock when I
sold those puts and it continues to go
down, so be it. That's fine. I know I
got a good deal on this one way or
another. But the fear is what if the
market's really going to sell off? What
if the market is in a bubble or if it's
about to be another two uh 2000, another
2008 kind of situation? Well, let's take
a look. I told you a second ago that the
market isn't healthy right now. It just
isn't. The S&amp;P 500 isn't looking good.
Take a look at this. This is the weekly
BX trender on the S&amp;P 500. We've been
trending down for one, two, three, four,
five weeks essentially. This is not
great. In fact, this is what it looked
like back when we were going from
January all the way up to March, right?
And you can see that on the left there.
It was just a slog. We were going down,
down, down. Everybody was worried about
Greenland. And we just saw the market
continued to sell off. And then we
started to recover at the end of March
going into April, May, June, and then
July is what you see right there. These
new bars that are red. So, the market is
trending down right now there. Make no
mistake about that. However, that
doesn't mean it's going to look like
what it did before. I don't know what's
going to happen from here. But what I do
know is that right now, we are not at
all-time highs. We're off all-time
highs. If anything, the momentum right
now is telling me we're closer to
bottoming out on the S&amp;P 500 rather than
not. So, to me, that tells me that we're
close to either going back up and
recovering and getting momentum back
into the market or we might go down a
little more, but it's not going to be
that much more. Now, let's look at this
from a daily perspective because the
daily also gives you some pretty good
signal here. And here once again, you
can see for 1 2 3 4 5 6 days, so
essentially an entire week, we've been
going down. All right, so we've been
going down steadily, but once again,
we're close to being at the end of this
downward momentum. When I look at this,
this is where I see opportunity. when
the markets have been selling off, the
momentum's down, and that's when I want
to get in. Not after it's very clear and
obvious that we're going back up. That's
not how this works. I like to buy
whenever everybody else is freaking out.
When everybody else sees the momentum
going down, like, oh no, it's going
down. Yeah, I know it is, but eventually
it comes back up. We just have to ask
ourselves, how much longer can it keep
going down before it goes up? Now, at
any moment, it could go up for a day or
two and it continue down. I get that,
but this is just one metric, one thing
to look at. Let's take a look at some
other interesting things. Let's take a
look at Sandis. We talked about Sandis
and how it was down 40% from its
all-time highs. If you take a look at
here, you can see from the stock
perspective, it's had a pretty big
sell-off. But if you look down at the BX
trender, those are the middle bars right
between the stock and the RSI there.
That's the weekly momentum indicator,
the BX trender. The BX trender is at one
of its lowest points that it has been in
pretty much the entire life of SanDisk
since it's gone public again or since
it's been split off. To me, when I see
this, this to me says opportunity,
especially coming up right before their
earnings. I don't like to do earnings
plays with companies like this. I don't
really believe in having trades going
through earnings or doing a lot of
earnings plays. Do I do them from time
to time? Sure. But it's just something
to take note of, especially if you're
thinking bigger picture. If you're
thinking, you know, a year, two, three,
etc. down the road. This is the type of
activity where it gives you opportunity
to come in and reap the benefits from
upward momentum. Again, if we're down
40% and you can ride a 40% wave back up,
that's amazing, especially for a company
that's good earnings, has amazing
growth, and is one of the core pillars
for this infrastructure buildout. Let's
look at another one. Let's look at
Micron. Here you can see Micron very
similar. Once again, we see that Micron
has been selling off. We see the BX
trender looks very similar, but what do
we notice? Not only does it look
similar, but it's another company that
is part of the infrastructure play. It's
critical for Nvidia to sell their GPUs.
You need Micron. We've heard Tesla talk
about them. We've heard Google talk
about them. They are critical to the
supply. And unless you heard on some of
these earnings calls that capex was
going to stop being spent, these this
company's going to continue to go
higher. Maybe not today, maybe not
tomorrow, maybe not this whole week,
maybe not this month, but this company
will continue to go higher because they
are making so much money. Their earnings
are so powerful, their growth is insane,
and their price to earnings ratio is so
low. Even if the worst happens with
Iran, with the United States, if the
market sells off, there's all this
chaos, the AI infrastructure names might
become the inflation hedge for everyone
else. They might be the riskoff play.
Why? Well, because we know these
companies are going to keep spending
their capex and that capex number is
going to continue to go go to these type
of companies and these companies will
continue to deliver and continue to
print earnings despite what happens with
inflation, despite what happens with any
war. These companies will continue to
print. This is not where you will see
the pullback with spending. And so if we
know that, I believe eventually these
names, no matter what happens, will be
the defensive plays moving forward.
We'll see what happens. I mean, this is
a prediction. Again, we don't know
anything, but it's how I think things
are going to play out. Let's look at
another name. Again, same thing, same
theme, same type of growth, same space.
This is Marll. Marll is another one
that's down 40% from all-time highs.
Again, Marll is one of those companies
that's all about the interconnectivity
of the data center clusters, the
servers, how they speak to each other,
the data processing layer of everything.
So, they're critical just like Micron,
just like Sandis, right? Micron has the
memory. Marll does the interconnectivity
and the data processing and Sandis
provides the physical storage, the SSDs,
the NVMe. These are critical components
to a server. These are critical
components to an entire cluster. you
need have clusters within the data
center. This is how the house is built.
So, you need all of these. And again, if
you look at the weekly, if you look at
how much it's sold off now, did all
these companies run up like crazy? Let's
let's just be levelheaded here. Yeah,
they did. They did rent run up like
crazy. Why? Well, okay, sure, there
might have been a little FOMO, a little,
you know, excitement and all that, but
why why was there excitement? Why was
there potentially a little FOMO? Because
the earnings were insane. The growth was
unprecedented. The supply cannot catch
up to the demand. This is a just a
goldilocks of a scenario. Going back to
what Chris Camilo was saying, if you can
nail a handful of these names and you
can be on the right side, you can
potentially create yourself some
generational wealth. Speaking of
generational wealth, I think a lot of us
here are invested in Tesla. And I think
we need to talk about Tesla. And before
we look at the stock and what it's doing
and where it might bottom or might not
bottom, let me talk to you about what I
think about the past earnings. Now,
going into earnings, I'm always pretty
optimistic. In fact, this is the Tesla
Mezcow. I pulled this out for the
earnings call that we watch with
Alexandra, Herbert, CERN, Jeff, uh, and
everyone. And my goal was to celebrate,
enjoy some nice mezzcow because I was
hopeful that the stock was going to go
up to 400 plus that we'd hear great news
and that everything would just be
amazing. After all, we had record
deliveries. You know, we have all this
progress of cyber cabs. I was very, very
bullish going into this. Now, to be
fair, I always am. How can I not be? Why
would I be invested all into this
company unless I was always bullish? I
did decide to buy some put positions.
These put positions I used as insurance.
Here was my thought. I paid 5 grand for
20 contracts at a strike price of 3.45.
What that means is if the stock were to
come down to 345 with 20 contracts, I
would have the right but not the
obligation to sell 2,000 of my shares at
the price of 345. So, right now when
we're down at 313 with those put
options, it would give me the right, not
the obligation to sell 2,000 of my Tesla
shares at 345 even though we're down at
313. Why did I do this? Well, going into
earnings, while I was hopeful and
bullish, I also kind of had a weird
suspicion that something might be a
little off. What What led to that? Um,
well, I saw Elon was frankly posting a
lot on X overnight and it was like 1,
two, 3 a.m. where he's just sitting
there posting on X. 4, 5, 6 a.m. He kept
posting on X and that was the day of
earnings. And why was I awake for that?
Well, I was traveling from Cape Cod to
Boston back here to Florida. I was
rushing here for earnings. And so,
naturally, I was awake and I was
watching. I'm like, "Oh man, why is he
posting? Like, dude, go get some sleep.
Like, we need the best of you on the
earnings call." And so when I got home
right before earnings call started or
you know right maybe like at 3 p.m.
something like that I decided you know
what I'm going to go ahead and I'm going
to place this trade. It's a little
trade. It's nothing crazy. It's at 345
so only going to cost 5 grand. If if we
go up then the next day I'll just I'll
just sell it for maybe 2,000 or 3,000.
Just get some of my money back. It'd be
worth it for me. What I didn't want to
do is sell any cover calls because again
in my mind, what am I going to do? Sell
cover calls at 410, 415, 420. No way. I
was bullish. I thought that the stock
was going to go up. I thought they were
going to talk about great progress, uh
when they're going to launch into more
cities, when the cyber cap was going to
be out. That's what I was expecting on
this call. I thought that it was going
to be an extremely bullish call and it
wasn't. But that's what I thought going
into it. And so because I thought that
going into it, there's no way I was
going to sell any covered calls. I was
not going to risk having my shares
called away from me. That would be
insane. So in order to hedge a little
bit the portfolio, I decided, you know
what? We'll just buy these puts 345.
We're not going to get down there. But
it's a worst case scenario. If the worst
case scenario happened, at least I made
a little bit of money. And so you can
watch here. This was the trade and this
is how it unfolded. And so I placed it.
Sure enough, we tanked. The call was
what it was, and I was able to walk away
with at least 21 grand. I closed out
literally the first minute of the
opening day the next day. Now, a lot of
people think that this is a very big
bearish trade or that I sold my stock.
Let's be very clear. I've not sold a
single share of Tesla. I know I was
pissed off after the earnings call with
Herbert and them and with Randy. Yeah, I
still pissed off about that earnings
call. It wasn't great. I'll talk about
that in a second. That was not a bearish
trade. That was me buying a little
insurance uh premium for the protection
of my portfolio. The thought was, hey,
let's at least make a little bit money
if this thing sells off. All right, at
the end of the day, I told you we don't
know anything. I don't know anything.
So, while I'm going into it bullish, I
don't know if we're going to go up or
down. I don't know what Elon's going to
say. I don't know what his temperament's
going to be. I don't know how they're
going to structure the call. It made
sense for me to at least have a little
shot out there so that if the worst case
scenario happens, I can still make a
little bit of money while my whole
portfolio bleeds. Okay, so my portfolio
bled lost. I didn't lose because I
didn't sell anything, but the value went
down more than it has a long time and it
wasn't fun to see. I have leaps on. I
have long calls or long calls. I have
long positions on. I'm essentially an
all-in test investor. So when I see that
happening, it's not great. Hey, at least
I made a little money on the downside. I
didn't just have to sit there sitting at
my hands, but that was the idea. It's
like going into your car. You don't
expect to get into accident, but hey, if
it happens, if the unforeseen happens,
you're glad you have a little bit of
insurance. And that's all it was for me.
But so let's talk about the call. The
call was a disappointment to me. Here's
the reason we you all heard the call.
You saw how it unfolded. Why? Why set up
the call that way? It almost feels
intentional to me. I don't know how else
to think about this or how to uh
reconcile this. They decide to go on
there and deliver the call they had
versus kicking the call off saying
something I don't know like we had a
great quarter. Congrats to the Tesla
team. We had record amount of deliveries
for a Q2. We had record amount of attach
rate of FSD to every delivery up to 55%
in the countries that have FSD. We have
increasing backlog that we haven't seen
in years and it seems to be increasing
and we're going to have to increase our
capacity in all of our factories.
Cybercap has made tremendous progress.
You can see them out there. We're doing
really good manufacturing and we've
pivoted our strategy from going from
city to city with supervised drivers
then taking them out to going to a
statebystate level unsupervised. And
this is going to take us a little bit
longer because we've pivoted the change.
But the reason we pivoted is because we
have such high confidence in our FSD and
our autonomy progress and the safety is
insane. Our can you talk a little bit
about what you're seeing with FSD. And
then you could even follow up saying
because of this and because of what we
see and the progress that we're making
and the confidence we have, we're going
to continue our heavy capex spending.
This is for the future of the company.
We see the right signals right now and
it gives us confidence to spend this
money and we believe it will deliver an
extreme high return on invested capital.
That is the call that they could have
had. That is how they could have led.
All these things they said on the call,
but that's not how they delivered it.
Delivery matters and they intentionally,
in my opinion, delivered the way they
did. For example, before Elon's comp
package, we heard kind of a different uh
approach. Their approach then was, I
believe 2026 is going to be an epic year
and I think 2027 is going to be even
crazier. Uh I we believe I know they
they would just be they would start off
the call with excitement and hope and
optimism and they would talk about all
the good things that are happening and
then we get to this year where we've had
Q4, Q1 and now Q2 and every single time
I don't know what's happening. It's like
they've lost their spark whenever
they're on the earnings call. Now,
you'll hear a lot of people sit there
and say, "Well, what do you have? Are
you smarter than Elon syndrome? All this
stuff." It can't be that just because
you have criticism of someone or of a
company or of an earnings call that that
means you should go and sell all your
shares. Okay, that's immature. That is
not rational. When people say that, to
me, it's like, "Okay, we can't have an
actual conversation. We can't have a
disagreement of opinions. In fact, I
can't even have a conversation with you,
period." because your first reaction is,
well then go sell all your shares.
That's not signal. That's not
constructive. You cannot sit here and
tell me that you honestly believe I'm
assuming you drive FSD regularly that
this is not a product that should be
marketed everywhere. Why do we see more
marketing of Starlink than we do of FSD?
It is almost unethical at this point to
not be advertising FSD everywhere. It is
extremely safe. It is extremely durable.
It works. It really does. I agree. Maybe
they see something that we don't see.
Maybe with CyberCap, they really care
about the positioning, the customer
experience, and all that. Great. You can
care about that. What does that have to
do with FSD? Why aren't you advertising
FSD more? 55% attach rate. Yeah, that's
good compared to what it was, but that's
also a bit embarrassing. Why isn't it
much higher? Why isn't it 70 80% attach
rate? And what's the turn, right? How
many people continue to sign up versus
not? Why didn't you give us those
details? And when you say they attached
it, was it the free month trial that
they accepted? Did they actually pay for
the $100 a month? What what exactly did
they sign up for? That, you know, is a
little nuance that kind of matters. My
point is just saying that I think they
need to be advertising. I think they
need to do a better job in their
communication and telling the world
about what they're doing. I don't know
what's going on with Cyber Cab and robo
taxis. I'm not going to pretend like I
see what they see, but I can tell you
what I see with FSD. I can tell you what
I hear everybody saying. I've yet to see
anyone get into a fatal accident with
FSD. I've yet to even hear of any
crashes or real accidents with FSD. I
don't see anything. So, if that's the
case, you should be advertising this
like crazy. Just my opinion. So, yes, I
don't like their communication right
now. They've had great communication
before. They've done great on these
earning calls before. They know how to
deliver a good call. They're not.
They're aware of it. They know exactly
what they have to do, but they're
choosing not to. And that's where
tinfoil hat comes on. We got SpaceX
earnings coming up. What happens after
that? Notice during the earnings call
with Tesla, they had general counsel
there ready to go to answer the SpaceX
question. That was a first. Didn't see
that one coming. That told me 100% this
is happening, 100% that they're going to
try and combine SpaceX and Tesla. Now,
for a long time now, we've heard a lot
of Tesla investors sitting there saying,
"No way. Unless it's $800, $1,000,
whatever. No way would I vote for that."
Yeah. Well, maybe Tesla, maybe Elon and
Tesla are playing some 4D chess here.
Because now, I bet most of you would say
yes to a 600, 400, $500 uh merger. I
don't know if that's what they're doing.
All I know is I've seen them deliver
amazing earnings call. They know how to
do that. I just gave you an example of
what would have sent the stock up.
Believe it or not, I don't believe that
the stock selling off just because of
capex spending. I think it's because
Tesla is a story stock and the story
wasn't told. Right now, Tesla gets its
premium in the stock market because they
have a lot of potential. But if that
potential isn't reminded and that
potential isn't shown as, hey, we're
getting closer and closer to turning
that potential into kinetic energy, then
the market isn't going to be happy.
Right now, the market walked away
thinking robo taxis are way, way
delayed. FSD is not as safe as it is,
and you guys don't even seem that
excited about anything you're doing.
Optimus is behind. And yeah, like
there's just no enthusiasm. So maybe
everyone can sit here and say, "Oh, he's
an engineer. He's not this. He's not
that." You can say that Starlink
advertises very well. They have no
problem with that. He's constantly
talking about SpaceX and Starlink and
Boring Company. We see all that. We
don't hear much about robo taxis. We
don't hear really anything about robo
taxis from Elon. He'll just repost
something the Tesla account does every
once in a while. Again, there's
something going on here in my opinion.
And I believe if we had a conversation
with Elon and he explained it, maybe it
would all make sense. Maybe. But what
doesn't make sense to me is FSD. I don't
understand why you wouldn't at least be
pushing for that. So those are my takes
on the company and the earnings call. I
believe in the company. I think it's the
greatest product that we have ever seen,
especially when it comes to AI. I think
it's the safest product in the world and
everybody should have it. Borderline
should be mandated, but again, I'm a
capitalist. I don't want to mandate
anything. I still love Elon. I still
love Lars. I still love the company, but
I can disagree with them. I cannot get
along with them when they're having an
earnings call like that. Let's uh come
back here again and let's just real
quick take a look at Tesla because
again, the stock isn't doing great right
now. And so here on the weekly with the
BX trender, you can see that it's just
coming down. It's been coming down on
the weekly for 1 2 3 4 5 weeks once
again. But notice something interesting.
This is very similar to what we see with
the S&amp;P 500. And if you look down on the
daily, it looks even more interesting
because on the daily, we can see that
the BX00 has been coming down for quite
some time. That's the momentum. And
honestly, it looks like it's oversold
now. It looks like it's been oversold
for a couple days. So, I wouldn't be
surprised if tomorrow on Monday, we
actually see a bit of a bounce for
Tesla. Could keep selling off. I get
that. We don't know anything. I don't
know what's going to happen. In fact,
all I can do is tell you what the
market's telling me. Now, one last thing
that thought was interesting because
while yes, Tesla is down 30 something%
from all time highs, while yes, Tesla is
down about 25 something% for its year
year to date. If you look at for the
past 12 months, Tesla's actually only
down 4%. 3.86%. You can see right here.
So, if last year was any indicator,
maybe this same time we can rally up in
the end of the year just the way we did
last year. I told you guys on Randy and
I think I might have said on Herbert's
too. I still expect us to hit all-time
high by the end of the year. I don't
believe anything they said on the
earnings call. I think they're
sandbagging Cyber Cab. I think they're
sandbagging the roll out. I think
they're sandbagging FSD. I think a
merger is about to be announced maybe in
August. I'm kind of in the Alexander
camp at this point. So, I think there's
a lot of things to be excited about. And
maybe I'll be wrong, but as you guys
know, I'm always going to be bullish on
this stuff. So, thanks for watching.
I'll talk to you later. Cheers.