Channel:     investingagainstthegrain
Title:       Tesla Is About To Hit All Time Highs.. But Is There A Bubble?
URL:         https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=a-pyBMtFqDg
Published:   2026-05-26 00:00 UTC
Fetched:     2026-05-26 02:00 UTC

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

The stock market is ready to surge
higher and oil is currently front
running any news that might come out
over the next 24 to 48 hours by getting
close to going below $90 a barrel. And
there are many out there right now
calling for a severe hard market
pullback, even talking about bubble
style popping. Now, while some of their
data is accurate, I think they're
reading it incorrectly. I'll show you
why. And finally, there's lots of
opportunity out there in the market
right now for some really nice trades.
I'll show you a couple of the names I'm
looking at. And of course, Tesla. Tesla
is ready to hit an all-time high. I'm
going to show you exactly what I'm
seeing and why I think this could happen
sooner than later. Let's discuss.
&gt;&gt; You're crazy.
&gt;&gt; Happy Memorial Day to everyone. Thank
you for all the men and women who are
out there serving today. And thank you
for all the families and the people who
sacrificed their lives so that we could
be here today. To all my fellow Navymen,
hope you guys are doing well out there.
Stay safe. And to all the other armed
forces, thank you for what you do.
Appreciate you. And happy Memorial Day
to all. With that said, let's move on
and let's talk about where we currently
are right now with the Iran situation
because we cannot even think about
talking about the market without getting
through this first. Right now, it's kind
of on a minute-by-minute basis. I was
trying to update things right before I
came on here and I tried to get as much
information as I could because things
are literally happening as I record this
right now. So about 30 minutes ago,
there were explosions heard in Iran.
Now, we don't know anything about what
this is right now, so it's kind of touch
and go right now. But right before I
actually hit record to start doing this,
there was uh a a post on X talking about
something called uh Operation Fiery
Arrow or something like that from from
Israel. uh right now supposedly uh going
against uh Iran. So I don't know if we
have kinetic warfare again or if this is
just a one-off or if this is just
complete FUD, fear, uncertainty, doubt,
but there's something that might be
going on right now. Now, before that, we
also saw this post here saying that
Russia calls the US to evacuate its
embassy in Kiev as it plans to launch
major strikes on the Ukraine capital.
Now this comes after the Ukrainians did
a attack deep into the Ukrainian into
the Russian territory. So this I think
was kind of expected. Russia even kind
of informed the world that they will be
uh retaliating. I think this is uh kind
of expected. I don't think this will be
any further escalation as far as the
stock market's going going to be
concerned, but it's something at least
to keep an eye on because we see that
start to ratchet up again and become
important to the news and we see the
Iran stuff kind of just fizzle out and
we don't get a deal. This is why we want
to make sure that we are uh kind of
trading small and trading often right
now and being paranoid. Let's not get
caught up just in this bull cycle right
now. And then also if you look here, uh,
Israel's Netanyahu orders escalation of
Lebanon offensive to crush Hezbollah.
Again, this is kind of more of that
friction that's happening between Israel
and the United States. Iran, they they
keep saying that they're uh interested
in a deal, but they're not. The US says
we're close to a deal. Everyone's down
in Qatar right now, supposedly trying to
get to a deal. It seemed to me going
into this weekend that we were about to
go into full kinetic warfare mode. that
did not end up being the case. Trump
skipped his son's wedding just so he
could be at the White House, so he could
be there uh near the command center. And
this kind of tells you that right now
the US is definitely leveraging their
military assets for projection of power.
This is what the US Navy, US armed
forces in general do. They go out there,
they project power with the hopes that
that will deter any nefarious actors.
and maybe it's going to work in order to
get a deal done at least in the short
term with Iran. Even that, you know, it
seems like every 10 minutes there's a
new update out there. There's a lot of
noise, a lot of fog of war, a lot of uh
call it propaganda from each side about
where things are, where they aren't. I
would just say that going into trading
tomorrow, just going into the markets
tomorrow on Tuesday, be cautious, be
paranoid. Uh but the market right now
seems to think that something's good's
going to come out of this. Uh so and
again like I said oil right now is
almost below $90 a barrel. We'll see
here shortly what it actually is as as
the oil markets open up but right now in
the pre-markets oil is currently sitting
at is currently sitting at $90.30 a
barrel and that's obviously for WTI. Uh
more signal maybe here would be Bitcoin.
Bitcoin is currently sitting at about
just under 1% up in the green. So that
could be a good sign for the markets.
But again, we don't know anything.
Remember that whenever you think you
know what's going to happen, you're
probably wrong. It's probably going to
be the opposite. So just stay paranoid,
stay humble, trade small, trade often.
As we go in and I want to talk about
some good opportunities out there in the
markets, and I also want to talk about
what I see right now in Tesla and espec
I mean I Tesla, guys, I don't think I've
ever seen such a good setup. Uh, let me
not get ahead of myself here, but it is
I'm going to show to you exactly what I
see, why I see it. I think you guys are
going to be pretty excited as well. But
we also got to talk about some of these
bubble narratives. And before we go on
into all that, I want to share something
with you. Many of you have taken my
options crash course, the zero day
course. I had one about two weeks ago,
and I promise you this will be quick. I
just want to show you one of the
feedbacks I got. And I think it's just
it I just want you guys to see this
because this is the whole point of why
I'm trying to teach. I'm not going to do
this forever. You know, it's a limited
time that I'm going to be teaching. Uh,
you know, it takes a lot of time, a lot
of energy, but I feel like I'm putting
good out into the world. And it's
messages like this that keep me going.
So, take a look at this. Here we have
Santos. He says, "The thought of selling
options never occurred to me. I had been
brainwashed into thinking that I should
never short stocks. Think GameStop." And
remember, it's not really shorting
stocks. Your course was an awakening.
The thought of acting as the casino or
the insurance company, both of which are
very profitable. Exactly. was like
turning on a light bulb. I had just
never considered it in those terms. For
me personally, it was a mind-blowing
experience. I don't say that lightly. I
have a bit of a math background. And so
your use of Gaussian distribution, so
the bell curve, standard deviation
curves, what he's talking about to
illustrate the probabilities of profit
in selling versus buying options was
very powerful. I loved how Ben, if you
guys have taken the course, you know
Ben. Ben's awesome. Uh, I love how Ben
would intermittently use multiple choice
questions to make sure we were
following. I find that as a great tool
to reinforce learning, Nicholas, I
cannot describe how much I regret
missing the last 3 hours. We had guests
and my wife would have killed me if I
had stayed in the session. I took a lot
of useful notes in the first nine hours,
but I think the last three hours is
where you really spelled out your rules
for entering a trade, how to manage a
trade, and rules for exiting a trade. I
go over all that. This is not just a
course just about the basics. Yeah, we
cover the basics because you got to know
that, but then we get into very deep
strategy. He says, "I must admit I left
my computer running and would sneak away
from my guests on a couple of occasions
to catch more snippets." Laugh out loud.
So, I'm really looking forward to
watching the recorded video to see what
I miss. Ben commented that it takes
about two to three viewings before
things really start to sink in. And
that's true. You know, that's why I sent
out the recording so people can be
present in the moment. It's like
anything in life, you can only take in
so much, but as you review things, they
really start to sink in. He says, "Just
so you know, I'm a vascular surgeon
practicing in Sudbury, Ontario, Canada
for the last 25 years, and I've been a
physician for 32 years. The first time I
entered an operating room as a medical
student, 1992, I was hooked. It was a
life-changing experience for me. The
feeling I had on Saturday participating
in your course reminded me of that same
experience. 9 hours into the course felt
like three. really looking forward to
the zero day course on May 30th. And I
love how you would quiz people
throughout to ensure if we're following.
That is a very effective way to keep
everyone engaged. Yeah. So, this isn't
just me talking at you. The whole idea
is I'll say, "Hey, James, what do you
think? Susan, do you agree with James?
Uh, Andy, who who do you think's right,
Susan or James? And why?" So, it's very
interactive. I let you ask questions.
This is this is why I do in person. This
I could easily make a recording, just
send that out. I don't want to do that.
I want to make sure we're teaching and
we're learning. It's very important to
me. Anyways, he said, "It reminded me of
my general surger uh surgery teaching
sessions when I was a resident. You were
always scared of looking stupid knowing
that you might get grilled, so made sure
you paid attention, but you did it very
kindly and effectively." Yeah, I'm not
here to make anyone feel stupid. The
idea is I just want to make sure that we
get questions answered and wherever you
have your gaps, that's what I want to
focus on. Like, thank you. Like, your
gaps are going to help make the content
and make the the session better. I
prefer the people who don't know things
because we pull out the gaps that
everyone has. Investing against the
grain is the perfect branding. You seem
to have a contrarian take compared with
conventional wisdom and I find that very
refreshing since you seem to be right so
often. I appreciate that. Like I said,
Nicholas, you're a very gifted teacher
and so I hope you keep doing what you
what you do long into the future. We are
all better for it. Please share. Uh
people need to know what you do. No need
for anonymity. You can share my name.
I'm not famous anyways. Thank you,
Nicholas. Yes, I'll definitely be
watching the recording. Yes, I won't be
doing this forever. Like, I appreciate
the kind words, but you know, there's
only so long I'm going to do this for,
and then, you know, it's going to go off
into the into the background, but for
now, I'm here for right now. Messages
like this really energize me and really
motivate me to want to teach and help
more people learn what I've learned and
help other people get to, you know, the
point of replacing their income or
having just extra disposable income or
get enjoying retirement better. all
without having to sell their core
holdings. That's the whole goal. I don't
want you to have to sell your Tesla
shares. I don't want you to have to sell
your Nvidia shares. This is the idea.
Anyways, I just thought that was a
beautiful message. I want to share it
with you guys. Thank you so much for for
sending this to me. I I know like I
can't even express how much gratitude I
have. And again, if you guys are
interested, I have June course uh coming
up for the options crash course. Uh you
can find the link for that down below.
And then today is the last day I'm
closing out the zero day course. Uh I
haven't decided when I'll do the next
one. maybe in August. Haven't decided.
We'll see. It all depends on timing,
schedule, vacation, traveling, all that
stuff. But if you want to take the zero
day course, you have to take the options
crash course first. It's a prerequisite.
Why? Because we cover a lot. And the
zero day builds on that. So that's it.
Again, the whole goal is to teach you
how to fish, not make you reliant on me.
And so it's a very effective course. You
take it, you can put into practice the
next day. So that's the idea that,
believe it or not, does lead into what
we're going to talk about because right
now there's a lot of people calling for
a bubble in this market. And you need to
know that especially if you're going to
be trading or if you're just investing.
Many of you have been in Tesla for a
long time and you've written it up,
written it down, written it up, written
it down. And I get it. For many people,
you're long-term buy and hold. Again,
the whole point of the course is that
you can make money in those periods
without having to sell your shares.
That's what we teach. That's the whole
point of this. I want you to be capital
efficient. You've got this engine
sitting there that you're never revving
up. You're never using. Use that engine,
right? Use it to print you some money
when situations are right. That's what
we teach. If you've already taken the
course or if you're already interested
this or if you just already know how to
use options, this is important. So, look
at this. This is from Bar Chart. S&amp;P 500
stock stock short interest jumps to 3%,
the highest level in more than a decade.
Now, something like this will make
people kind of freak out. They'll see
this and they'll see, hey, this is 3%.
This is near all-time highs or it's a
decade highs. If you look to the left of
it, 2010, we was almost up to 4% or
maybe it's just before 2010. But
anyways, something like this in my
opinion is put out there to create kind
of some fear inducing uh reaction. It's
to just make it look more hyperbolic.
And I think this is interesting in
context because what we actually
normally see is that when we get to
these periods where we have more people
shorting, like your initial reaction
might be, oh, there's record mile
shorting, that means the market's going
to go down. Actually, on the contrary,
when we see short interest go higher,
the markets tend to go higher. Have you
ever heard of a short squeeze? Perfect
example, GameStop. What happened there?
There was mass amount of shorting and
all those shorts got squeezed out. Tesla
investors, we're used to that as well,
right? So, I actually see this and I
think, "Oh, that's actually pretty
bullish for the markets." So, don't
sleep on this. Also, if you'll you'll
know like when was the short uh when
when did we have the lowest amount of
short positions? Well, around COVID. You
see what I'm saying? Why this isn't
exactly the signal that you might think
out the gate when you see this, but
people will use this to stir up some
fear. Okay. So, then here's another one.
It's a point of view that I don't
necessarily disagree with, and it's a
point of view that has some validity, so
I think it's worth discussing. So here
he says this is not looking good. SpaceX
OpenAI Anthropic will go public at the
same time. $2 trillion company 1
trillion 1 trillion right that will
force markets to absorb 200 billion of
new supply. When that happens funds
don't find new money out of thin air.
This is true. They sell what what has
already gone up. Nvidia, SKH Highix,
Micron, Intel, those are the bags that
will get cut first. And if the leaders
dump, the S&amp;P 500 dumps with them. We
saw the same pattern after COVID. Hype
IPOs flooded the market. Liquidity got
tighter. Air came out fast. Okay. Then
he goes on to show this. This time the
AI bottleneck trade looks even more
crowded. Watch the upcoming IPOs
closely. That's where you may first see
what the market is forced to sell. Okay.
So, I got a couple thoughts on this. So,
I don't disagree with his point of view
that the money's got to come from
somewhere. It's not going to come out of
thin air and it's not going to come from
uh Wars printing it, right? New new Fed
chairman. So, where does it come from?
Well, he does have a point that there
probably will be some profit taking from
Micron, from SanDisk, from Intel, uh who
else did he mention? Skhinx, Nvidia,
right? There probably will be some
profit taking from that so that it can
be put into into OpenAI, uh, Anthropic,
and SpaceX. However, he is also missing
a very crucial point. So, right now,
investors have a record amount of money
just in the US, a record amount of money
sitting in money market. If you don't
know what money markets are, just think
of a savings account or a checking
account where your money gets interest
on it, but like at a really good rate,
like three, four percent. So, you
actually make some decent money on it.
And because those pay so much, sometimes
for safety, it makes sense just to pile
money in there. And as this Iran war
started, you saw lots of lots of extra
money. There's already a lot of money in
money markets already. We saw even more
flood into the money markets. So, how
much is sitting in there? Over $8
trillion just in the US alone are
sitting in money markets. This is a big
number. So I don't completely agree with
the idea that all these companies are
going to sell off and that money is
going to get put into these three. Now
could that happen? Sure. But I also
don't think that smart money will be
buying up all of these IPOs uh
immediately. Now if they get, you know,
like SpaceX will probably get into the
NASDAQ 100 pretty quickly, all those
funds will be forced to. They they won't
have a choice. But I don't think that
you're going to see I don't think you're
going to see smart money rush into the
IPOs. Maybe that's a better way of
saying it. I think the smart money will
be patient. They'll wait. They'll
they'll let the hype die down, see the
first initial selloff, and then they'll
slowly get in there. And you know,
again, if you if you've taken the
courses, you know how to do this. If
not, I'll I'll teach you. But this is
also a good opportunity to if you want
to get into these positions, sell some
puts. Ride it up. Don't just go out
there and buy. Listen, market rates for
for not for us. We don't buy at market
prices. So, you can sell some puts. You
can ride it up, right? We know how to do
it safely. We know when to get in, when
to get out, right? All that you've
you've learned in the course. But
there's lots of different opportunities.
However, for me personally, you know, I
was talking to someone today to
Lawrence. Shout out to you, Lawrence.
Uh, I think that I will probably wait
until either the first flush out from
SpaceX, Anthropic, OpenAI, the first
flush out from retail or whoever that,
you know, kind of sends it down five or
10% and then I'll probably try to get in
or I'll just wait till all of the um all
of the restricted selling has has been
completed. So, essentially 6 months, and
then I'll take a look at things. But I
don't think with any of these companies
there's like a rush to get into them.
Uh, the market will tell you there's a
rush. YouTube, uh, you know, Reddit, all
these things will tell you there's a
rush. I don't think there's a rush. I I
think take your time, wait for a good
entry. Avoid all the chaos and then get
into it where you feel comfortable. And
again, just let's see what happens.
Don't forget, we had the same type of
frenzy when Facebook first went public
and then Facebook went up and then went
below IPO price. We've seen this with
several companies before. So, there is a
good chance that you can pick up SpaceX
or Anthropic or OpenAI below their IPO
price. Don't don't think that's
impossible. Although a lot of people
tell you it's impossible. Now let's
let's kind of transition into where the
opportunity is out there and Amit
investing. If you're not following AI, I
don't know what you're doing. Amit is
such a I can't say enough good things
about his content. He puts out so much
good news and he's so quick with it. Go
follow him if you're not. Look at this
post he wrote. It has been a bull
market, but not everywhere. That's fair.
There are many stocks down heavily year
to date. And while semis and AI can
continue the rally and they likely will,
there are names that have been
compounding and growing earnings but
getting zero love from the market due to
the sector they are in software. Right?
I really do wonder if we will look back
in a few years and see these as
incredible opportunities or if the
liquidity around SpaceX OpenAI Anthropic
and many of the picks and shovels of AI
lead to these names being stuck for
years. Again, notice the same thesis
carrying through. not an easy time to
have them in the portfolio. But it's
also it but it also may be worth looking
at beating up names if you can practice
delaying gratification buying incredible
companies when they are hated and hated
the most if those companies are not
giving you a thesis breaking reason to
explain why they are down year to date
but rather being influenced by macro and
thematic reasons which is what's
happening. So, a lot of people talk
about SoFi, but for me, as as many of
you guys know, I I like to trade Meta. I
really do. Whether whatever you think
about Meta and Instagram and Facebook
and Zuck and whatever you think, like it
doesn't really matter. It's a strong
company. It's a very strong company.
It's a very profitable company. And to
me, they are the sleeper. They are one
of the only companies that are truly
printing money handover fist with AI.
And that's because of advertisement
because they get better placement for
advertising. They help make
advertisement cheaper. and they get the
advertisement to the right clients in a
better way than it's ever been done
before. So, what does that do? Well, if
I'm a business and I'm spending money on
ads on Meta, which is the top place to
spend money on ads, if I'm doing that,
and for every dollar I'm seeing a $5
return, $100 return, whatever, and it's
getting better and better, it's just
going to motivate me to spend even more
dollars with them because they are
giving me better ROI on every dollar I
invest on ads. And that's the, you know,
virtuous cycle. That's the virtuous
machine. And so I think Meta's a sleeper
here. So, as you guys all know, I' I've
got trades on Meta. Microsoft, ah man,
it's it's a good one that he has here,
but I think Microsoft might be in this
new 10-year window just like they were
in the early 2000s. And I just say that
because without that extra, I don't
know, that extra business like like
Amazon has multiple business within it.
Google has multiple business within it.
Tesla same thing. Microsoft's supposed
to be at their level, but they don't
really have multiple business ventures
inside of them, you know? So, I don't
know. I I just feel like if you want to
play in the cloud space, you're better
off going with Google or or Amazon or
one of the Neo clouds, why waste your
time with Microsoft? There's not enough.
They're not sexy enough right now is all
I can say. But they are way oversold at
this point and we'll see what happens
from there. But it's just there's not a
lot of love there. and especially with
their rift with uh open AI, you know
that I don't know this there's something
it's just there's better opportunity I
would say. Now Applovven goes along that
same thesis that I had about Meta when
it comes to advertisement. So I actually
took a recent uh trade on Apploven. So I
think that one's interesting. So I I
sold puts in Apploven. Um currently I've
got some cover calls on Meta and I got
some sold puts on Meta. I'm all over
with Meta. It's just the premium is
juicy. the opportunities there and I I
can't just ignore it. Now, with all that
said, all the ones he has here, in my
opinion, he's missing the most obvious
one. Now, it's interesting because he's
got Meta and he's got Microsoft. There
are two of the seven Mac 7 companies
that aren't profitable for the year, but
there's one other one. There's only
three Mac 7s that aren't profitable for
the year. You got Meta, you got
Microsoft, and what's the last one?
Tesla. Tesla should be on this list.
Let's talk about Tesla. All right. I've
been telling you guys for a while that
Tesla is on the verge of doing something
special. Let me paint the picture for
you. Yes, you hear all this narrative
that Tesla hasn't gone up in however
many years. It is true if you look at it
from a year perspective. Like what's the
high it's it's been for the year. You're
right. In 2021, we hit 400 something as
well. You're right. You like 100%. But
let's get a little more nuance. Let's
zoom in a little bit. Right now, we are
sitting at $426, I believe. $426 on
Tesla. We have never been at this point
in May on Tesla. Think about this time
last year on Tesla. We we were at 200s.
Uh June's coming up. Okay. So, we're
about to be in 200s. In June, we hit
200s, right? We were in the 300s then.
So, we're about to hit 426. And the
setup is so bullish for Tesla. I'm going
to show it to you in a second here. So,
Tesla has never been at this point this
time of year, ever. I think that is a
very big deal. Not to mention everything
that we see right on cyber cabs.
Everything that we understand with the
expansion of robo taxi. Yes, we haven't
seen any added unsupervised recently,
but I'm of the opinion it's because they
are gearing up. So, while I I I have
been kind of that person that says over
and over it's not going to be a big
explosive all at once kind of thing that
it's going to be kind of a incremental
steps here there. It's going to be like
FSD, right? We get a version, we get a
version, we get a version. It's not like
we just one day get this magical button,
we press that button and boom, it just
works. No, it's not going to be like
that. But I do think there's kind of big
sprints to this. Meaning right now I
think Tesla can easily go from 30
something unsupervised vehicles to call
it 100 or 200, right? That would be a
huge step forward and that would be
market making news. That would literally
wake up everyone. On top of that, you
have the milestone of the first cyber
cab being put into the robo taxi fleet.
You have the milestone of when Tesla
surpasses the amount of vehicles Whimo
has. Once Tesla surpasses the amount of
vehicles Whimo has, it's over. It's game
set match. How can anyone catch up,
right? Whimo can. No one can. And not to
mention, Whimo's got their own issues
right now with recalls because of
driving through flooded streets and
whatnot, you know? And again, I'm sure
Tesla will have their issues that come
up, but that's also part of the reason
why I think Tesla is taking a little
longer is because they want to truly
deliver a worldclass experience. They
don't want to deliver a beta type
product out to everybody, which is
seemingly what whato is doing, but it's
also what pretty much every software
company does these days. They put out
product, they say it's GA, generally
available. And then the first early
adopters, they're the testing clients
before, you know, they fix the bugs that
they couldn't, you know, QA before
putting the product out there. And
that's what Weimo is doing. Tesla is
trying to skip that, right? They're
trying to just deliver as much of a
clean, feature complete product as they
can. So, let's talk about why I'm
feeling so bullish on Tesla. Okay, so I
want to first show you this this chart
here. So, this is we're looking at the
BX trender. And if you can look at the
bottom here, you see where I have this
arrow going from the bottom uh left up
to the right. You can see that it's
starting at a very dark red bar. Each
one of these bars represent one month.
Okay? So, this is a monthly chart. So,
stick with me here. It's very important.
So, this is a monthly monthly chart. So,
each one of those bars on the BX
trender, we're looking at the bottom,
not not the top. I don't care about the
stock right now. We're looking at the BX
Trender right now. It's starting at the
bottom at that really large red candle
on the left. Now, from there, it goes
all the way up and you see where it
peaks out or at the top of the arrow
where it hits green. Okay, this is the
last time or it's this is two times ago
where the BX trender on a monthly basis
bottomed out and ran and then it topped
out. So, what happened when we did that?
Well, as you can see, if we would look
above at the stock, we went from $107.
As you can see there in black, $107 all
the way up to $281. All right, that's
the last time the BX00 went from dark
red up all the way to green. That was
the last time or two times ago, excuse
me. Two times ago. This was uh from
September 22nd was the dark red can uh
red bar and this was all the way up
until September of 23. All right, so
that was that run. So that was a long
period. All right, so let's look at the
next one. This one goes from May of 2024
all the way to call it January of 2025.
And here again, you can see that we hit
that red uh bar on the BX trender,
right? That that was the the lowest one
it went to and then went from a dark red
to a light red. And you see this is the
momentum changing and it kept grinding
up until it peaked out on that uh big
green bar. So what did price action do?
So again, this started in May of 24,
ended January of 25. So, this went from
$156 all the way up to $440. That's a
big move. That's a big move. Let's look
at another one. All right. Here's
another one here. This is more recent.
This is from July of 25 to February of
26, right? So, this year, so this most
recent one. So, for this most recent
one, we saw it go from $289 all the way
up to $499. That's when we hit an
all-time high. Now, recently on the
monthly, we've been selling off. All
right. But right now, if you take a look
to the right of this one, you can see
that we have our first sign here of a
lighter red monthly bar. Now, it's not
closed out yet because May is not over.
All right, we need this to stay light
red through May. If this stays light red
through May, it is very likely history
will repeat itself. Momentum is turning
and we are going to see a push to record
highs. Now, it's very bullish that this
is happening right now while we're
sitting here at $426 a share. Remember
the last few times we were at 289, we're
at 156 and we're at 107 levels before
this turn happened. Now, this turn is
happening at $426. All right, so we need
to close out May strong, very strong.
And if we close out May just really just
in the 420s, this will print a lighter
uh red candle. And just so you know,
like each one of these bars, excuse
candle, each one of these bars
represents 30 days, right? the whole
month. So, right now it can change,
right? Because May's not closed out.
This is a live month that we're looking
at. So, if May closes out and this is a
lighter red, expect momentum to go
higher. Expect that. Now, let's take a
look at this other one. All right. So,
I'm telling you that we are set up in a
very bullish setup. We just looked at
the monthly, but now let's look at it
from a weekly perspective. So, take a
look at this. The weekly perspective is
already front running this. You can see
here that the weekly has gone from that
dark red bar and now it's up here into
into what four four bars that are all
green. Now remember these are weeks.
Each one of these represent a week. But
you can still see the momentum. Momentum
doesn't start at a monthly timetable.
Momentum starts from a daily and then
that bleeds into a weekly and that
eventually bleeds into the monthly.
That's why the monthly ones are such a
high signal for true bullish cycle in a
given stock. Now finally let's look at
one more thing. Let's look at the daily.
So this was how we closed out on Friday.
That light that light red bar there you
see that is from Friday. So we are again
on the daily looking very bullish where
we can start going up. So what do we
have? We've got the daily going from
dark red to lighter red. That indicates
momentum changing to an upward trend. We
see the weekly already in a bullish
upward trend. And we see the monthly
about to close out into a positive
momentum trend going from darker red on
that bar for the BX trender to a lighter
bar on the monthly. And as we've seen
historically the last three four times
this happened where we've gone from a
dark red bar on the monthly to a light
one. We rip up higher from $17 to $281,
from $156 to $440, and from $289 up to
$499. And we are going to be starting
this off at $426.
This is really big news. This is the big
deal. This is why it's important,
especially when I teach an options crash
course, when to know to sell cover calls
and when to avoid selling cover calls.
Right now, no way in hell am I selling a
cover calls. The time for that was two
weeks ago when I told all of you, if you
subscribe to me on X, I told you, hey, I
don't care what you do. Not financial
advice, but I'm selling cover calls now.
And just the same way this past Monday,
right, a week ago, I told everybody,
"Hey, I'm out of the cover calls. You
know, it's time to take the money,
leave. We're about to start going to a
bullish cycle again." And guess what?
Here we are. So, you need to understand
what to look for, when to look for it,
and how to properly size. You don't want
to sit there on the sidelines always,
and you don't want to risk everything.
There's a balance to all this. That's
why I say trade small, trade often.
That's why I preach capital efficiency.
That's why I want to teach you how to
fish so you know exactly what to do
because all you're doing is what I do as
well, right? And you're going to take
what I do and you're going to make it
your own and you're going to make it
better. So, I'm really excited. I think
we have a very bright future ahead of
us. Uh especially with this market, I
think it's amazing that we are sitting
here right now on Tesla at these levels.
And if I look at premarket right now,
the pre-market is up. The pre-market is
up almost a percent on the Dow, almost a
percent on the S&amp;P 500, 1.26 on the
NASDAQ. All right, this is really good
news. And then if I look at oil, let's
see how oil is doing. Oil is still down
about six uh 6 6 and a half% call it.
The market thinks that a deal is coming.
So again, anything could change. I know
I'm ending this very bullish, but I want
everybody to stay paranoid. I want every
listen, the time where everybody kind of
really gets screwed up in the markets is
when everyone is just kind of thinking,
"Oh, this is so easy. It's so easy to
trade. So easy to pick stocks. It's
easy, right? It's easy till it's not.
So, make sure that if you're trading,
you trade small and you trade often.
Make sure if you're buying stock and
you're in a buy and hold situation, you
have conviction in those stocks. You got
to believe in them because just like us
Tesla investors, you have to be willing
to see it draw down and still believe in
the thesis. Make sure that if the stock
sells off, it's because the market is
just rerating or the market is just
taking a breather, but the thesis of has
not changed. All right, with that said,
we'll leave it there. Everybody, happy
Memorial Day. Thank you if you stuck to
the end, and I'll talk to you guys next
time.