Channel:     brighterwithherbert
Title:       FSD 14.3.3 Just DROPPED Along with Tesla Safety Data
URL:         https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YViW7ik20Ps
Published:   2026-05-18 19:46 UTC
Fetched:     2026-05-19 01:00 UTC

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

All right, so things are moving fast now
for Tesla. First, documents from Dallas
Fort Worth show Tesla is looking to
lease a space for cleaning, service, and
repair for its autonomous vehicle fleet
there. This building would be large
enough for 212 parking spaces, 17 EV
charging stations that includes car wash
and cleaning as well. This is in
addition to the permit for our 36,000 ft
cyber cab car wash facility in Las
Vegas, which we reported on last week.
Second, a new version of full
self-driving version 14.3.3.3
just dropped and early reports show this
is a big deal. Elon Musk called this
version a banger. The most important
part, they seem to have reduced the
driver monitoring, getting us closer to
unsupervised. Elon confirmed there's
less nagging and tests show you can
drive over a minute before nagging you.
Other things people are excited about
smart summon now driving 33% faster at 8
mph and you can now just use the wake
word hey gro to use it. Third, this one
is important if not the most important.
Nitsa dropped new safety data for Tesla
and it is now estimated that Tesla robo
taxi is at least 1.8 times safer than
humans in April. This time Tesla shared
more details of each incident. Of the 17
incidents Tesla Robo Taxi has had since
June last year, 53% are others at fault.
Tesla was at fault for only seven
incidents, two of which were curb rashes
and two were under teller operator
control. Finally, Tesla's robo taxi app
got a new update and it got some very
cool new features which tells us a lot
of what to expect soon. Joining us today
is Jeff Lutz. He's a multi-deade supply
chain executive and chief quality
officer. He's now CEO of his own
high-tech manufacturing consulting firm.
Welcome, Jeff.
&gt;&gt; Hey, Robert. Yeah, lots going on
actually with uh the advancement of FSD
and robo taxi. So, be good to get into
it.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, this was a big week. I I wanted to
before we get to the the big news which
is 14.3 and others I wanted to share
some some uh permits that seem to have
found because last week we talked about
Las Vegas car wash facility but now it's
looking like it's actually also in here
in Austin but also in Dallas for Worth.
Now there is reports uh that was
submitted to the city that shows Tesla's
looking to lease a space for storage
dispatch service and repair of an
autonomous vehicle fleet. Okay. It's
going to be 212 remote fleet parking
spaces, 64 building spaces, I don't know
what that is. 17 EV charging stations,
exterior and interior cleaning. So, this
is car wash as well, tire replacement,
software upgrades, 247 maintenance
operations, not yet approved, but it
looks like the kind of infrastructure
work that has to happen before robo taxi
show up everywhere. This is the uh
reports that the uh that they talked
about during the city discussion. What
What's your thoughts about this?
Yeah, I think I mean they're going to
have to set up this is the template for
they're how they're going to have to set
up in major cities for robo taxi. So,
you know, the investment is fullon uh
nothing seems to be slowing down. You
can see it in the permitting and the
spend.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, this is uh infrastructure spend
and um it's a letter of intent. Uh and
again, we we've now seen it in in um Las
Vegas. This is what we reported on last
week in Las Vegas that it's a 36,000
square foot permit for Tesla Center
CyberCap phase 2 car wash. This is that.
And then we now know that it's also in
Austin, which I just found out a few
days ago. And now we know that it's also
in Dallas. So yeah, they're not planning
on just having five unsupervised robo
taxis there apparently.
Well, with the with the one big
beautiful bill,
all this capex can be expensed
essentially in the first year. So, this
is a big deal. I think you're going to
see a lot of new industry and companies
just, you know, going forward and
building out. And so, there's no reason
why Tesla wouldn't be going full steam
here. And they can, you know, they can
offset these expenses from any losses
they'll incur. you know, ramping ramping
this up uh in in the first in the first
year or sorry, up any gains, I should
say um that they have, which they have
gains all over the place. So, this is
this is promising.
&gt;&gt; Yep. So, we've been seeing a lot of
cyber cabs in Austin, but now they've
spotted 12 glossy production cyber cabs
in Houston as well. The drone footage of
Tesla Robbo Cyber Capab Hub in Austin,
this looks uh looks like what he's
caught here. Yeah, there's
&gt;&gt; Yeah, everywhere.
&gt;&gt; Yeah,
&gt;&gt; they're setting up. They're everywhere.
&gt;&gt; So, that's cool. Uh let's take a look a
quick look at the video of the drone
footage uh as we're talking. Okay, so
that is infrastructure. They're
absolutely building and they're growing.
Those are Dallas, Houston, and Austin.
All right. You have the new version,
right? You got FS version 14.3.3.
It started rolling out. It came with a
spring update, which you got as well.
And of course, a couple things people
are excited about is the actual smart
summit is 8 miles per hour now. We'll
watch some videos of that. So, this
dropped and uh it's a point release from
14.3.2, which I've got and I think
everyone has is 14.3.2. Now, you got the
14.3, but it's it's not just that. It's
actually a really big deal, right? Elon
called it a banger and he said it nags
last two and then Sawyer tested it and
he said that it gives you over a minute
before nagging you. So tell us what your
experience has been with this.
&gt;&gt; Well, it I it so it is I will tell you
it is I have it in uh the Cybert truck
and the Model X and I will tell you it
is behaving differently. So in the Model
X I I couldn't get it to nag. It almost
got to the point where
&gt;&gt; really
&gt;&gt; I I wanted to be checking the road uh
more than the system would. I I don't
think I don't remember getting a nag in
the Model X at all to be honest with
you. and and that's just I was reading
email, reading messages, obviously
still, you know, driving the in in a
supervised state, but definitely, you
know, you have your eyes going, you
know, back and forth, but I honestly put
my eyes on the road more than the system
was was telling me to do. And I I
recommend, you know, until Tesla says
it's unsupervised
that people do that. But I think this is
actually a very very big step because it
felt like it was unofficially operating
as unsupervised. Now you still have to
be in the driver's seat. You are still
responsible. You're still in control of
the vehicle. And I'm not recommending
people do anything different, but it's
it's what we've discussed before where
whereas they're just going to reduce
this nag to the point where
it you it doesn't feel like it's there
anymore. Now, that was in my experience
in the Model X, which I'm sure is
similar to the Model Y, maybe the Model
S and Model 3. In the Cybert truck, uh,
it the nag is still I wouldn't say it's
the same as before, but it's noticeably
there's a noticeable nag that still
exists in the Cybert truck on the same
software release. I'm assuming that has
to do with the size of the vehicle and
the fact that at least compared to the
Model X, it's about 1,450 lbs heavier.
So, all the stopping distances,
everything's longer.
So,
yeah. So, that was my that was a little
bit of news for me that the Cybert truck
would have different behavior with the
Nag than my experience with the Model X,
but it is meaningfully different. it
again. It feels like you just press the
button and go and there's you don't now
you're not being forced to like, hey,
look at the road. You're not getting
beeped at. And it it does feel like
we've stepped up to another level, which
tells me
that this is a new model. Tesla has new
data. The data is good and they are
moving the ball forward. And I think I I
actually think this is a quantifiable
step towards unsupervised.
&gt;&gt; I love it. Yeah, I'm gonna we have a
whole segment here on the safety level
and it's pretty incredible. People
should wait for that because not only is
it now 1.8 times safer than humans, but
the data shows, and I'll share it later,
but very few incidents and of course the
incidents were minor. We'll we'll walk
you through that. So this is
let's let's you know put in context
here. 14.3.3.3 is going out to not just
geopant areas. This is not just Austin.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; Or Dallas. This is you, me, wherever we
happen to live in the United States.
Maybe they'll roll it out to Canada and
others,
&gt;&gt; but this is much more delayed nagging,
which means, you know, closer to
unsupervised. That's how we get there.
And it's shocking to me that you because
uh Sawyer tested said one minute. I
think he might have been on a Model Y.
You're saying took me longer than a
minute before
&gt;&gt; I I couldn't get it to again. It was to
the point where my instincts were to be
&gt;&gt; eyes forward looking at the road. So
maybe I was undoing it. But it was so I
couldn't I couldn't quantify I couldn't
get it to nag me
&gt;&gt; um in the Model X. And then the the
other things there's really nice um
renderings in the spring update. It's
it's better uh in terms of the other
vehicles in in your vehicle and the Hey
Grock with a just a wake up word is
nice. Uh you have to go in by the way
when you download it you have to go in
and set it.
&gt;&gt; I found it was interesting is once I set
it on one of my cars it was set on the
other car. found that to be interesting
&gt;&gt; and um yeah it's it this is uh pro this
is the proper way to do it like when
when we were doing wake up words and and
when we were doing this voice prompting
and smartphone in the beginning it was a
button press I always found that to be
very clunky and you have that time delay
and this is it's always listening the
car's got a huge battery this isn't a
huge current drain u so it's a much
better experience hey rock wake up you.
I feel like I'm using it more.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, it'll it'll get you closer to when
you actually want it to change its
behavior driving. You'll say, "Hey,
Grock, I don't want to park here. Park
somewhere else. Grock, take me out of
this lane." Oh, change the whatever.
Yeah. Okay. So, that's huge. Um, here is
Zach and his review of version 14.3.3.
Elon forwarded this. He said actual
smart summon improvements are fantastic
because they increased 33% speed
increase now to 8 miles per hour. I'll
show you some videos of that. Hey Grock,
you just talked about it. Uh faster
reaction time of course that's part of
the whole thing. But a lot smoother,
right? Because 14.3.2 for me has lots of
these jerkiness movements. This is
clean, right? Just nothing.
&gt;&gt; It is. It is smoother uh what I've
noticed. And uh I've noticed the Yeah.
So this whole thing of if you're in Mad
Max mode in 1432 and the light turns
green, it feels like you're at the
Indy500
uh with the car just you with the car
taking off or some sort of drag race. So
now it gets off the line smoother.
And uh I would say parking and
navigation
are still a challenge. I found it
parking me hundreds of feet away from
the entrance of a door. Not even at the
scene like in a strip mall at the at the
wrong place. So this to this is a
navigation
uh logic issue that still needs to be
resolved which I'm assuming this is one
of those convenience issues that has to
be resolved. It feels like there's
something different happening in Robo
Taxi because I'm not seeing Robo Taxi
doing drop offs as far away as I'm
seeing some of the parking issues. So,
the parking issues are still there. Um,
it is it got one I would say one tick
better at. It's pulling into my garage.
It's backing into my garage. It's doing
a three-point turn
&gt;&gt; to back into my garage and it's almost
100% accurate. It's trying to do it with
the Cybert truck, too, believe it or
not, but um it's the the angles don't
work uh work out well. Um I'd like to
see it
um not the greatest subject, but I'd
like to see it kind of swerve around or
o just drive directly over if there's
anything that's, you know, in the road
roadkill. Um, that's that's one thing
that I find myself having to disengage
for a lot. It's that and it's and it's
parking. Otherwise, there's there's no
disengagements driving.
&gt;&gt; Okay, that's a good point because I
think Elon Ashok did say that uh uh
potholes that will come later. Reasoning
for potholes and I guess roadkill as
well. All right, so the new car val uh
visualization looks much richer. The
acceleration profile of MadMax is
smoother. Uh, so as you talked about,
doesn't feel jerky. City streets, I'm
pretty sure the highway is well standard
more relaxed with changing lanes. No
more twitching and jerky behavior. Uh,
reverses out of a parallel. I'll read
I'll let other people read this thing,
but um, pause it if you like it, but
this is basically his review of the
whole thing. Very good review. Strong.
You've you've used it yourself.
&gt;&gt; So the smart summon is now 33% faster.
When summoned, your Tesla can now drive
up to eight miles per hour. These are in
parking lots. And again, that is tells
you that they have a lot more confidence
now. They're letting it go faster. That
was the main complaint. Let's look at uh
what this looks like on how how it
behaves here. This is Nick Cruz Patane.
Did you also do uh summon?
&gt;&gt; I've not tried summon yet. I can do that
today.
&gt;&gt; All right. Well, in this case, it's uh
there's no one there, so it's driving
faster. Looks no more normal. You know,
it's not too fast,
&gt;&gt; but it's still happening better. That's
great.
Yeah, it to me it looks like Tesla is
receiving and responding to data, you
know, the input, the photon in photons
into this camera. And this system feels
like it's and looks like it we're seeing
it in the release notes. If it wasn't
this release, it was one or two releases
ago where the response time is just
improved. So, and now that now you can
nag less often and they can move faster
during summon. So, I I I want to remind
people of this too. I think it's a
really important point. This is
iterative engineering. It It's not like
full self-driving
just drops in your lap like some
company's going to do it for me and drop
it in my lap. Look at how iterative is.
Look at the rewrites. Look at the
architecture changes. Look at all the
data that's being taken and look at the
amount of engineering talent and hours
that goes in to making this, you know,
near perfect on our vehicles.
The bar for this to to entry point is
going to be
very high. In fact, I don't think Tesla
themsel if if Tesla had a partner today
to license to. I don't think they're
ready. I think they they still have more
work to just get it to where they want
it on Tesla.
And I think the bar to get this running
on your vehicle is going to be very
high. I think there's a misunderstanding
that people think you buy an Nvidia chip
and you download the latest firmware
from Nvidia and your car drives itself.
And that's just not the case. I think
it's also a misunderstanding that all
these companies Ford, GM, BMW, Mercedes,
I mean of course these companies have
autonomy. They have engine they have
engineering teams
but I don't know if they're running the
kind of we don't have any data. I mean
is are any of these companies running
iterative programs like this where they
have a beta program for their customers
where they you can get in a Mercedes,
you can get in a BMW and it's driving
you address to address but it's not
fully approved. Um th this how how in
touch the Tesla AI team is with the user
base. this early access program, like
all these different things. This took
years to do. So, the point I'd like to
leave people with is I don't see number
two getting closer or number two or
number three in this race. I don't see
them getting closer. Yes, Tesla's had,
you know, delays to their own, you know,
guided schedules for some of these
things, but it's not like anybody's
getting
um meaningfully closer at scale. I'll
say
&gt;&gt; yeah exactly I think we talked about
shop last week and then Jen Jenma uh did
a test on it you actually went to China
tested it for 5 hours compared it and
that's the closest and then that one you
do you can actually buy and rent a shop
car and it has their version they're the
only ones that you can do that with all
right so lots of other signs that
Tesla's feeling a lot more confident
here's another one which is I a lot of
people kind of freak freaked out about
this a little bit. So, there is a live
counter now on the main screen that
shows you how many miles you've driven
on FSE since your last intervention.
It's almost like gifying it, telling you
it's been, you know, this many miles
since the last intervention. Some people
are a little worried about that, Jeeoff,
uh because obviously some people are
going to be less inclined to intervene
because they're trying to keep their
their record going. Is that a concern
for you? Chuck K said that he he felt
that that was a really not a good move
by Tesla.
&gt;&gt; No, I I just hope that there's a better
or there's a really helpful data
collection scheme for Tesla so they they
understand with precision why people
have to disengage because at some point
in the future like I want to buy you
want to buy I want to buy a robo taxi. I
want to have one and I want to get in a
vehicle with no steering wheel and have
it reliably take me from point A to
point B until we get get through these
parking and drop off, you know,
convenience or or or bugs or defects.
You don't you won't have that. So, this
whole thing of having the streak up
there, I don't think people are going to
make I'm going to make a decision that
involves my life or involves the safety
of others because I want the number on
the screen to grow. By the way, that
streak breaks every time that you have
to go manually park your car. That
streak breaks.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; Even though you tell it and now they
have a new they have a new selection
which makes more sense. They have a
parking option as one of the
disengagement that makes a lot more
sense. But I'm not
&gt;&gt; I saw it. I looked at it a couple times
and basically I'm like, well, every time
I park this thing's gonna, you know,
it's going to reset itself to zero. So,
I'm I'm not going to pay a lot of
attention to it.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Okay. Uh and then
Omar's review 14.3 is absolutely hea he
goes, "Elon wasn't kidding. It's
absolutely a banger. Although, as you
can see, I've used self-driving every
day for the last three days. Have gone
41 miles without intervention. First
truly refined build. It's the first
build that surpasses 14.2.255
and polish. This is the first version
that should have gone wide. While great
was often a little jumpy. Yeah, 14.3.2,
too, which is what I've got, is a little
jumpier jerky still. So, they've cleaned
it up. Um,
that's is why the gold standard
self-driving comfort. That's the other
thing to think about, not just safety.
We're now working on comfort. We'll talk
about safety soon. So, this is going to
be sent wide now. And then they're
gamifying it as well. All right. Longest
street 41 miles, self-driving 920 mi.
So, more data sharing you. And then he
actually this was interesting because
this was one of the examples that Elon
gave that they were still working out
and it seems that it's partially solved
anyways which is when it goes in a
parking garage and it seems to just keep
going around in circles never ending
loop can't figure out how to get out. Um
this time it drove in circle once and
then chose a different way the second
time around. So they seem to have added
reasoning on how to do that. So this was
one of those things that he mentioned.
Remember, these are the three things
that it's still doing. Well, it's
resolved in the first point release.
Okay. And then we've got the
visualization here of Tesla uh spring
update. Looks much nicer. And then this
blind spot warning. I thought that was
pretty cool, right?
&gt;&gt; Yeah. That that's where the lights act
as your Yeah. The interior lighting in
the vehicle.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. These are all
&gt;&gt; if you these are all great Yeah. user
interface updates. Um I'm I'm not
noticing it switching. Maybe it's in the
cyber truck. Um it I'm seeing it
switching more to each camera when the
blinkers are on sometimes. Anyway, I
I've noticed
some additional behaviors I've found to
be helpful. Um but other than that, it's
been it's been very smooth, very
bug-free. I've done a lot of navigation,
done a lot of driving or it's done a lot
of driving. I can't say I've had a All
my interventions have been to park.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, that's great. Well, this showing
up in the safety data. Let's get there
because I think this is actually the
most important data that just dropped.
As uh viewers of this channel know, we
follow each month Nitsa Tesla drops or
Nitsa reports on robo taxi incidents.
all the robo taxis out there including
Whimo Zuks and Tesla and each month we
follow what's been going on. This
particular month Tesla now unredacted
gave more information of what each of
these incidents were and it's very
revealing because it's actually very
good news for Tesla. Tesla unredacted
Tesla reporting a reporting of
narratives. So now you know what
actually happened with these seven in 17
incidents since uh it launched robo taxi
in Austin which is now been June and the
if you take a look at the narrative of
what happened 53% is somebody else was
at fault only 41% was Tesla at fault so
there's only seven incidents when Tesla
was at fault two were backing collision
two were sides swap
two road hazard, one collision with a
stationary object. Okay. And of the
seven where Tesla was at fault, a couple
of them seem very minor, right? Curb
rash and two of them were while under
teller operator control.
So it really wasn't a big deal. Um so
now if you look at January
remember that was the big oh every
article written in a global multi the
mass media basically said you know
Tesla's worse than humans four times
worse than humans because there was five
incidents none of those articles drilled
down and realized that those were all
under 4 miles hour incidents in February
there was zero incidents now in March
there was two but again I don't know I
didn't I wasn't able to drill down what
these two were but I just explained to
you what the seven were and then of
course if you look at Whimo you can't
really compare you cannot compare Tesla
and Whimo Whimo has a different
geography has a lot more cities that are
inh
but you can see that they also have had
issue of 50 issues here 73 issues so I
don't know if that's equivalent or not
equivalent
&gt;&gt; uh or not
&gt;&gt; we really need normalized we need
normalized data and yeah the the uh and
then we need to some way to classif ify
these accidents like I don't think we
should be talking about curb rash or
yeah things like that but yeah we really
want to understand to me it's major and
minor incidences and the majors are
there's a crash people are hurt the car
is you know seriously damaged and then
there's you know there's the fender
better bender class and I think Nitsa
really needs to get on this and and make
these, you know, priority one, priority
two, something along those lines.
And because we really want to be focused
on eliminating the types of accidents at
the types of speeds and conditions that
that seriously injure or kill people.
And that's where we want to be counting
in the data. We want all the data to be
counted the same way. And we want it all
normalized
uh to miles driven.
&gt;&gt; Yep. And you want to be able to compare
it to human driving safety. So, if
you're going to compare to human driving
safety, you shouldn't include curb
rashes because happens to
to all all of us. I was going to say my
family, but it happens to all of us
pretty regularly.
&gt;&gt; And maybe Nitsa should do it. Maybe
Nitsa should have an app or something to
normalize the reporting because that's
been the issue. Tesla has all this
onboard capability to capture all this
data to instantly report back when
there's an issue. You have cameras,
you've got sensors, you've got all types
of and these car these other cars, they
don't have anything like that. But what
if what what if Nitsson normalized this
and had an app that would that could
capture both the app could, you know, be
running could capture data. I know
people would have issues with that
running per se in the background, but
it's one way to get to the bottom of
this. I I think this is going to flip
very quickly to
um
almost requiring this if it's really
going to knock down the act the incident
rate the serious incident rate by I know
we're getting all these different
numbers but I've seen 8 and 9x in terms
of uh an accident rate total crash rate
differential. If that's really the case,
then this is gonna flip very quickly
from a nice to have to maybe requiring
it.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. All right. Well, this is uh Reigns
did his analysis to try to really figure
out how is it truly safer than human or
not. And uh from his analysis, Robo Taxi
now is 1.8 times safer than humans as of
April. With the latest Nitsa crash
report and thanks to Robo Taxi Tracker,
I can finally report the Tesla Robo Taxi
in Austin surpassed average human safety
in April 2026. According to Nitsa, I
estimate the human crash rate, including
both reported and non-reported crashes,
is 249,000 miles per accident. He
collected all Tesla reported mileage as
well as 7-day active fleet size found in
mileage is pretty predictable. This
allows me to accurately estimate monthly
robo taxi mileage in Austin with less
than 5% error. Using the latest Nitser
cash report, he calculated three-month
rolling crash rate. Since Tesla
sometimes has zero monthly crashes, it
clearly shows that in April the
three-month rolling crash rate surpassed
humans for the first time. There you go.
So, um 1.8 times human baseline.
And again, these are not really crashes
because Tesla's crashes are not crashes.
They're minor. And then when you read
the actual uh con because now Tesla
tells you exactly what happened now in
full detail the narrative it
autonomously pulled over for low tire
pressure. That's pretty neat. Even if it
curbed the wheels while doing so
um it know because it knows it that you
were saying right that Tesla cars
have sensors everywhere and it knows
that the tire something was happening
and so it decided to pull over. Okay.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Yeah. Tesla can actually determine
I think they can determine tread life uh
pretty soon just the response mechanisms
back from the data they're getting back
from each wheel uh and relative to the
power distributed to that wheel. I think
there's a lot of things that that's why
they can tell if you're in bad
conditions and of course all the
traction control. But I really think
this data like if there's curb rashes in
this data and that's that's considered a
safety issue. I really think the data
needs to be cleaned up, not only for
Tesla, but for everybody else. So, we're
really focusing on what what seriously
injures or kills people. And of course,
we want to knock out all the fender
vendors, all that, too. I think if
you're a regulator, you'd be moving a
lot faster if you knew the serious
incident rate
essentially is going to near zero or
some very some very low number. I think
you I think we'd be moving a lot faster
um on that as a point. Yep. Okay. This
actually this post addressed something
you said earlier. Uh he said people
completely missed the most important
thing about Tesla FSD. It's not just
about convenience. It's not a cool
self-parking trick. It's about the fact
that car crashes are the number one
killer of healthy people aged 5 to 29
globally. And one company has gathered
over 10 billion miles of real world data
to actually solve it. Look at the recent
data. Tesla just became the first
vehicle to pass Nitsa's new ADA safety
test. We reported on that last week and
uh that's because like you were saying
Nitsa should be having more of this
becoming it like regulated and then
requiring and now they do. They're
requiring all cars to have this new ADA
safety. That's what was the first to
pass not just the first EV, the first
vehicle period. The reality is harsh but
simple. Countries that approve FSD get
safer roads overnight. Countries that
delay will literally watch their
citizens die in preventable crashes
while bure bureaucrats sit in meeting
rooms debating safety. The safety
argument against FSE is officially dead.
Okay, Elon, is that true? Yeah, it's the
data. This is supervised FSE though.
That's the data he's using. But I think
the latest data is showing that even
unsupervised FSE is is also safer than
human now. Okay. Elon said true. And
then you said Tesla FSE saves lives.
Awareness level and global government
approvals are still strikingly low
relative to how good version 14.3.3 is.
&gt;&gt; I think this this there's going to be a
switch that flips. And let me explain
something that what happens to us in
this testing community and this Tesla
community. almost every release is so
much better than the release prior
because we've been testing this for who
knows four or five years since version
you know 8 n or 10. Um so we're under
we're kind of in this there is a bit of
a psychossematic thing happening with
people that are already in the tester
base where oh my god 1433 is the best
release ever. Well it is and there's
reasons why it is the best release ever.
Uh, but now I think FSD is to the point
where if you just drag somebody off the
street that's never even driven a Tesla
and certainly never been an FSD, I think
they're going to be stunned. One, two,
they're going to be safe and and maybe
those should be reversed in in terms of
order and and importance. They're not
going to cause an accident and they're
not going to put themselves in
situations that uh potentially could,
you know, get them in an accident, maybe
somebody else hitting them. Not saying
that Teslas prevent others from hitting
you, that people can still hit your car.
They can still rear end you even with
FSD
um engaged. But I think this is to the
point now where I don't I don't say it's
criminal. It's almost sad that the
awareness level is so low and the amount
of government approvals are so low and
the roads can be a lot safer in Europe,
for example, and China. And I've spent a
lot of time in China and it's gotten a
lot better as they've developed their
road system and so forth, but it is I
mean it was horribly unsafe and there
was a significant lack of reporting
of of issues and at fault and so forth.
And so the if we think FSD is a gamecher
in the US in in countries with I guess
less developed driving systems or more
unsafe practices on the roads
I I think it's going to be it's going to
be even that much better in in those
countries. So I'm just surprised at the
lack of approvals of this. I mean, quite
frankly, since the version 14, this
should be getting country should be
pulling this in and saying, "I want
this. I want this on my roads. It's it's
safer. It's computer vision driving with
a human that's accountable at this
point."
So
anyway, once you get past all the FUD, I
think I think endstage for this very
soon is this going to this is going to
go from Tesla pushing to countries and
other entities hopefully pulling and
trying to get this in. It's so good. And
then on the awareness thing, I'm not a
marketing expert, but Tesla knows
there's a problem. I think they're
trying things, but I don't know. This
feels like
uh and again I'm I'm not a I don't I
don't know the answer to this but I the
only thing I do know the answer to from
being in these situations or or or being
in these kinds of discussions is you
have to go and get the data and you have
to understand the awareness issue number
one with people that buy your product
already because you sell you've sold 9
million plus Teslas
and and in the US you've sold I don't
know is it four and a half 5 million
Teslas does in North America. Why are
only 1.3 million activated? Why isn't it
in half? Why isn't it 2/3? Is it a
pricing issue? Is it an awareness issue?
Did people try it once on version 12
saying this isn't good? It's not worth
the money. How do you fix that problem?
Do we have people? Do we have smart
people? You have to go hire somebody per
se. But maybe maybe
because I think Tesla just has smart
people and they think through things,
but it may be time to figure out how to
drive awareness
um higher. There's some very viral
campaigns that are happening now with
AI, on uh Tik Tok, on YouTube, on other
social media, really super viral
campaigns. Even in the last couple of
political seasons, there have been these
viral camp AIdriven campaigns and
commercials
where I mean where is this from Tesla?
So I maybe there maybe there does need
to be a fresh set of eyes to both
quantify and solve the awareness issue
on FSD. And finally, from the
governments and regulator perspective,
you know, every day that goes by,
um, where there's just empty space and
there's not we're not moving the ball
forward, people are being seriously
injured or killed in cars that don't
need to be. So, I really think this
needs to be treated with a different
sense of urgency both inside of Tesla
because they have this, they clearly
have the sense of engineering to do the
engineering work. The engineering is
magical. The system is magical. what the
customer gets is magical. For for for
whatever reason, that same urgency
doesn't exist around awareness and
driving awareness higher. And for
whatever reason, that same urgency
doesn't exist yet with regulators
pulling this through faster.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Uh there's a group of us that is
actively trying to reach out to Tesla
executives telling them this is it. This
is time. You need to put in time and
effort. There's a statistic and I don't
know how accurate this is but something
like
the sa the number of lives saved and and
morbidity that can be reduced by
self-driving is almost as big as or
maybe even bigger as all the people are
dying with cancer. So imagine if you had
a magic treatment that can solve cancer.
Don't you think the world the United
States population would freak out about
that? And they wanted implemented as
soon as possible. Uh and then more and
more doctors, I think there was two uh
very prominent doctors wrote another
article uh mainstream media trying to
say, "Hey, the data shows that this is
safer than humans. Pass it now." Uh
they're starting to happen. But you're
right, Jeeoff, they have the data.
&gt;&gt; Tragic.
&gt;&gt; Why aren't they doing it more? Mhm. Tell
them.
&gt;&gt; I would say, Herbert, what's what's even
more tragic is these are healthy people.
These are young young people. Healthy
people that one that walk out of their
house one day and they're They have
their whole life ahead of them and then
boom.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; And and and it could have been
preventable.
&gt;&gt; Yep. That was the point that that
article that that post and then Elon
said true, which is it's the 5-year-old
to 30year-old people that are dying as
well. All right. We have more data about
robo taxi app. The app that you download
to hail a robo taxi. Uh these guys here
decompiled the software and they found
some really interesting new features
that is very telling. There's uh the
ability for remote operator voice calls,
proactive remote assistance, manual
override and remote start for wheelless
cyber cabs. See that? A game controller.
Is that cool? Ride hailing and dispatch
features. Rider cabin sync, real-time
routing, and dynamic safety monitoring.
Digital vehicle immobilization kill
switch. So, wow, it seems like pretty
complete now. Remote operator voice
calls. This app is building a dedicated
native voice communication system that
connects passengers directly to a Tesla
teleoperator. Now I I thought we already
had that. I guess you know cuz when I
was on the robo taxi one time I did
press the button and I was right away
pretty quickly I had a teller a Tesla
service person talking to me. Hey, is
everything okay?
&gt;&gt; But from the vehicle, right? This is
from the app.
&gt;&gt; Oh. Oh, I see. From the robo taxi app.
Okay,
&gt;&gt; gotcha. Uh if a if a robot tax
encounters a roadblock construction zone
or a passenger taps an emergency button,
the system instantly establishes a
reliable voice over IP or cellular audio
link to remote human operator. Okay, I
gotcha. So it's a lot more I mean they
have to build this out. This is where
I'm sure Starlink will come into play
like really robust stable system.
Proactive remote assistance building
directly on the voice call system. This
layer manages the constant connection
between the vehicle's full self-driving
computer and Tesla's remote operation
center. It's a potential issue state
that lets the car proactively flag
tricky situations. So, the car itself is
telling the system before it actually
needs help.
It's like, hey, I think I've I'm seeing
something that's going to be weird. Uh
maybe somebody a human can take a look
now.
&gt;&gt; Well, not only that, like when a car
Yeah. If it if it can pre-alert a fleet
center, then it could get guidance to,
hey, just completely avoid it, turn
around, or how to navigate through it
versus getting in the soup and then
saying, "Oh, I'm I'm screwed. Help me
get out." So, this is again, this is
Tesla, you know, jumping ahead of things
and and, you know, leveraging their AI
capability.
&gt;&gt; And that's what we were all wondering
now. But we know uh that it's you know
you can just manually override and
remote start for driverless vehicles.
These commands solve the practical
challenges of operating vehicles without
steering wheels or pedals. It's a
app-based manual drive. A secure enable
manual drive mode lets authorized users.
So Tesla technicians, fleet operators,
or even riders in tight spots. Oh wow.
You can use the app manually override
and drive it.
Wow.
Okay. Even even even riders in tight
spots. That's great because you know how
when a cop comes and what what does a
cop do and just get, you know, get and
there's nobody in the car. Maybe that
allows somebody to take over the car,
but you have to be near it. Remote start
for autonomy. The opposite command
authorizes an empty vehicle to begin a
driverless journey on its own. This is
the official go signal for summoning
cyber cab or sending your personal car
pick up a family. I guess it's almost
like uh it's like remote summon, right?
Long distance.
&gt;&gt; These are the things to go. What? Yeah.
These are the things. So these are like
it's these two trains, right, that are
that are that are going. And on one
side, you want the train to be perfect
and to never run into a convenience
issue. And that's the let's build better
models, let's get better data, let's get
more driving miles, let's do this
rearchitect and so forth. And then
there's this other train that
says,"Well, if you encounter these
convenience issues, let's give people a
toolbox to a anticipate them sooner, uh,
so the fleet center can take over and
help or b help the person in the vehicle
navigate a tight situation. And then all
of a sudden instead of needing this
threshold for convenience issues where
everything's solved, everything's
perfect, which they're still um they're
still ultimately going for.
&gt;&gt; They can maybe meet each other and I
would say halfway, but they can meet
themselves. They can meet each other in
the middle and saying, "All right,
convenience issues, edge cases are a
thing. We want to be the best at dealing
with them so nothing serious happens and
people still feel like and I think
people also still want some element of
control. So I would be fascinated to see
the use cases and the screenshots of the
UI for how this would actually work.
&gt;&gt; Oh man.
&gt;&gt; Because you don't want users taking over
the vehicle all the time either. So
it's got to be certain situations.
um
where this occurs, but you can see the
building blocks for this, right? You can
see it in summon. You can see that you
can inch the car forward, you can inch
it backwards, you can uh before smart
summon, I should say, like you could see
all the makings of this from an app
control in the car and Tesla being able
to do this. You've seen the building
blocks for this for years, actually.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Uh the the feature I was always
wanting is like when I go for a hike and
I'm like going for a long period of
time, I always sometimes kind of
fantasize if I'm really far out, you
know, I'm going, hey, you know what? I
don't want to walk back anymore.
Wouldn't it be cool if I can just call
my car parked away 5 miles 6 miles away,
come and pick me up here. Not I It's a
good thing I can because then I have to
walk back. But as I say, would it be
cool if I just say, you know what, pick
me up here. And then the car goes 5
miles away. We're not talking summon in
a parking lot. This is it. I think that
that sets it up. My car acts my as a
robo taxi for me. There's other ride
hailing and dispatch features. I won't
read through this, but it's the
day-to-day passenger experience and
back-end logistics. Rider cabin sync and
real-time routing. Your phone becomes
the primary interface for the entire
ride ride. So, you can center display
control, dynamic route handling, payment
pre-authorization, device correlation.
So, I guess you your phone becomes your
control for the car. Digital vehicle
immobilization security kill switch.
Dynamic safety monitor types. With no
human driver present, the interior
camera and sensor array must act as
chaperone, security guard, and first
responder. The code reveals the system
can switch between distinct safety
monitor types depending on the ride
context. So speculative examples that
they're coming up with. If it's
vandalism, instantly flags spills,
trash, or damage. Captures evidence for
fees. Removes the vehicle from the
dispatch queue for cleaning. medical
unresponsive passenger mode. If if
somebody if the system detects that
there's somebody there that passed out
or had an emergency thing, the system
can track you. That that would make me
feel a lot better. Unaccompanied minor.
Yeah. Pet transit.
So the the car knows what it's what's
happening inside and it automatically
decides what it is. Pretty cool
features. Big this is it. I mean for
14.3.3 could be the one that goes wide.
It could be the one that they feel more
confident in. I love the fact that one
of the features that Elon said seems to
maybe resolve that whole going around
around in circles without knowing what
to do. They seem to have some uh
solution for that. Awesome. Thank you so
much, Jeeoff. Appreciate this.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, I think there's a lot of answers.
&gt;&gt; There's a lot of answers to things that
we've been thinking through for Robo. If
you look at those app notes, these sound
like and feel like not the convenience
issues, but I think it's part of when
Elon says rearchitect, I think part of
it is the app ecosystem. It's
everything. It's everything that's
around it. It's not just the software
that's going in the car. So I I this to
me this is your show like today the show
today was some of the most enlightening
information for me of like what's going
to happen as these edge cases are
encountered and then you couple that
with how good 1433 is and I feel like
they're going to there's going to be
another opening up of of unsupervised
robo taxis. I believe that this update
or this improvement we had a couple
weeks ago was 1433
for the robo taxi fleet and now it feels
like they're on to the next thing. So
hopefully we see some some numbers
moving pretty soon on that.
&gt;&gt; We've passed the certain gate. Thank you
so much Jeeoff. Appreciate you. Follow
him on his ex account at the Jeff Lots.
Thanks everybody.
&gt;&gt; Thank you.
&gt;&gt; I've created a website that is the most
comprehensive resource for the Tesla
investor. Please check it out. Simply go
to my website at herbalm.com.