Channel:     futureaza
Title:       The Tesla Headlines Are Getting Ridiculous
URL:         https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LlWXhetaAkM
Published:   2026-08-08 12:01 UTC
Fetched:     2026-08-08 13:00 UTC

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

And that's what we saw with remember the
Model X and the Falcon doors. That was a
problem. These things happen when you
try to do new technologies, but they
needed to do it not for Cybertruck
reasons, but for Cyber Cab reasons.
There's some big exciting important news
about Tesla. And we're not going to
cover any of it cuz there's so much dumb
stuff out there. We're going to cover
that instead. When I say we, I mean me
and my buddy Herbert because he loves
news of the dumb. And some of these are
really, really impressive uh and others
less so. And don't worry, we peppered in
a few good stories in the mix because we
just gota It's a pallet cleanser. You'll
enjoy it. Uh stay with us, won't you?
Have some fun. I'm Brian. Welcome to
Futura.
&gt;&gt; So, Herbert, uh this is an exciting time
to be following the news. Hey, uh
SpaceX, kind of a big deal, I suppose.
Do you know that NASA puts astronaut
lives in the hands of the flaky cybert
truck? Musk mobiles subject to 11
recalls get the launchpad rescue mission
currently handled by vehicles that can
survive landmine blasts.
&gt;&gt; Wow.
&gt;&gt; Oh my god.
&gt;&gt; Wow.
&gt;&gt; This is legit. The Simon Charwood, APAC
editor, Asia Pacific. Uh, Tesla's
recalled at Cybertruck 11 times to fix
issues such as exterior trim panels
falling off and an accelerator panel
that pedal that can become stuck. But he
NASA has nonetheless decided the
rustprone vehicle.
I got to stop. I got to stop. Went
&gt;&gt; well. And I mean, second use of
Muskmobiles and we're only on the second
paragraph, my friend. So, uh, let's look
at some of this, uh, brilliant author's
other work. AI researchers let models
off the leash, then watched as they
tried to add malware to a Foss project.
And the article we just saw, and that's
it.
&gt;&gt; That's his whole page.
&gt;&gt; He's the register's Asia-Pacific editor.
Uh, and he's in Australia.
&gt;&gt; So, you wait, you're in a market that
doesn't even have the Cyber Truck and
you're trashing it. Uh, Simon, what are
you doing? Uh, so I mean we have to
&gt;&gt; What is he doing? He's trying to get
clicks and views on his articles and
let's put in Tesla Cybertruck. Let's do
it.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Yeah. Uh, so we're concerned,
right? Deeply concerned for the safety
of NASA astronauts. Guys, what are you
talking about? Tesla's wholesale sales
in China grow for ninth month in a row.
Pallet cleanser.
&gt;&gt; Nothing silly here. Pallet cleanser.
Yeah,
&gt;&gt; not too surprising because we're coming
out of the reamp from Juniper from the
refresh model Y. We're getting some new
Y L's, but nine straight months, man.
And that's good. Any thoughts on that or
shall I continue?
&gt;&gt; Yeah, I mean it's great news. I mean,
we're seeing the numbers in China going
up. I I think it's mostly exports,
right? That's wholesale, so it includes
exports. So, the question is what's
happening in the China market itself? We
know that they're not doing well
economywise. you're watching all of the
other uh automakers there struggling the
last several months. So that's the big
question is what's going on in China
itself, but exports clearly just killing
it for sure.
&gt;&gt; Uh well, if you want killing it
headlines, we have to go back to the
NASA Cybertruck one. Pay attention,
guys. You got to keep up here. One Tesla
wipes out four parked cars at Sutter
Health. Vehicle accelerated over a curb
in a parking lot.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, someone crashed a car. Doesn't
that always make the news? Yeah, vehicle
accelerated. Love it.
&gt;&gt; All car crashes make the news.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, vehicle accelerated. Love it. Like
as if as if it was FSD or something. The
vehicle did it. I I want to kill people.
&gt;&gt; I didn't pull it up, but there was a a
very serious semi crash in Portland
where it didn't say Tesla in the
headline. So, I went ahead and read the
entire article to find out what brand of
semi it was. Uh, and it didn't say
because why would it? that isn't
relevant. And uh yeah, it was
interesting. Uh it did have two big
exhaust uh muffler kind of things. So I
assume it must have been a Tesla hybrid.
Not a thing. Not a thing. Hyundai, Kia,
and even Volvo just beat Tesla at the
game it created.
&gt;&gt; Okay. I'm curious. What is it?
uh battery health after 100,000 miles is
like 1% better in those cars than a
Tesla.
&gt;&gt; Great.
&gt;&gt; So yeah, uh as they age, their
performance tends to gradually
deteriorate. Not true. Uh it's the
battery health that can deteriorate. If
you look at the Tesla Plaid channel,
when he had his old Model S, I think it
was a Raven, it might have been a P100D,
his final run on the quarter mile in
that car before he traded it in on a
Plaid was his fastest run ever by a
hundth of a second. 770 some odd runs.
The 775th
or whatever it was was his quickest run
ever. So incorrect. In the case of
electric cars that could include battery
degradation where the effective
electrical storage capacity is reduced
due to wear uh keen to put it such test
uh to rest Tesla put uh released its own
data finding that in 200,000 miles a
Model S will have lost about 12% of its
range translating to about 220 mi on the
decade old P85.
12% on the P85.
That's fantastic.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. So they picked a very old
&gt;&gt; car.
&gt;&gt; Mhm. Mhm.
&gt;&gt; Is that what they did?
&gt;&gt; Yes.
&gt;&gt; And then they they found that it was
only 12% 200,000. They didn't say how
many years cuz usually what I' I've seen
now is that there's the degradation has
been overblown because it's actually 1%
reduction per year. That's it. So if
you've owned a car for 10 years, you got
10% less. Who cares? Not a big deal.
It's not like you have to replace the
car or replace the battery or some of
that. I've been I've the lowest number
I've seen a foolish hater suggest was I
want to say five years you have to
replace the battery. I'm like you know
they're under warranty still right? That
would mean free batteries for every car
ever made and that is not available.
&gt;&gt; Now they don't say did they in the test
did they do it identically? What did
they do? I mean they don't say.
&gt;&gt; Well yeah well you
&gt;&gt; one was 62,000 miles.
&gt;&gt; Right. Right. So, it's Herbert, News of
the Dumb. What do you think we're doing
here? I tell you, man, I do so many
great shows that all of a sudden Herbert
forgets that News of the Dumb has some
really dumb news.
&gt;&gt; I mean, here the the other one was
200,000 miles. This one is in a full
battery after 62,000 miles. I mean, they
don't say, but you assume, but why would
they then say if Carlo's numbers are
accurate? Can still expect more than 250
miles on a full battery after Well, why
after 62,000? Why not compare it to
200,000? I What are you doing? Because
because
&gt;&gt; because I've never seen a Kona with
200,000 miles on it.
&gt;&gt; There you go.
&gt;&gt; There's the real answer.
&gt;&gt; All right.
&gt;&gt; Uh can by the way,
&gt;&gt; right?
&gt;&gt; Carla's Carla. Who's Carla?
&gt;&gt; Just blame it on Carla.
&gt;&gt; Can Tesla's long wheel basease Model Y L
reinvent the station wagon?
&gt;&gt; You had to put So
station. you're you want us to think
it's a station wagon. First of all,
doesn't look like a station wagon to me.
Uh but this article is actually quite
good uh quite favorable. They just had
to draw the comparison. They just wanted
you to think station wagon. Do you know
why uh it's why SUVs exist at all? Why
did they come up with that name?
&gt;&gt; Well, first of all, uh because I have
dug deep into this. Station wagons
uncool. They're just not cool.
&gt;&gt; That's why minivans are gone. minivans
were determined to be uncool. So, they
took basically the same thing and put
doors instead of sliders and called it
an SUV.
&gt;&gt; An SUV is uh a term coined by Jeep in I
think 75, something like that. Might
have even been 70, early '7s. And it's
sport, it's utility, and of course, it's
a vehicle. So, you get a mix of those
things, but more than that, it's a legal
classification.
It puts it in the category of light
truck instead of passenger car. You get
easier emission control standards. You
get easier uh safety standards. And so
it's a dodge.
&gt;&gt; It's a a legal loophole that creates
that. Uh what do you what are your
thoughts on the Y while we're here?
&gt;&gt; Oh, I've heard it's incredibly well.
It's being reviewed and as shockingly
Edmonds, Motor Trend, uh these
publications are reviewing it and
they're loving this car. Um, I think
it's a perfect fit for the United States
specifically. So, it's shockingly, you
know, why did they take why was this the
last market that they're introducing it
to for China and Europe? It's going to
do very, very well. People want the
extra space, especially the US and uh
that third row makes all the difference.
So, I don't mind them comparing it to a
station wagon, but you know, clearly
it's better than a station wagon. But
station wagons were important. They were
they were a big deal. A lot of people
love them, especially during that time.
Yes. Uh many fond memories have I in
station wagons. Uh this is you know uh
it checks a lot of boxes. I always said
it would. I always said we'd get it. I
was I was
&gt;&gt; Do you agree with the people who say
that Model Y is actually the best
vehicle? I mean compare not compared to
Cybertruck take Cybertruck out because
people that is clearly the best vehicle
Tesla's ever made. But in terms of, you
know, passenger vehicles,
&gt;&gt; so uh you you have to just compare it to
the Model Y. Uh because a Model 3 is
different. It's sportier. It's smaller.
It's funner. Uh but for the Model Y,
this is absolutely the best. It's got
some new features, Herbert. Not only
does it have comfort and sport mode, it
has rear comfort mode. So if you're
being driven by someone, you put it in
rear comfort and the chauffeur gets a
slightly less comfortable ride while the
passengers get the best ride. and you
say, "Yes, I don't care. I'll never use
that." You ever been on a road trip
where the little kiddos's tummy tums get
a little upset? Put it in rear comfort.
That has been mitigated.
&gt;&gt; May not alleviate it entirely, but it is
helpful. We got to see from videos put
out by out of spec, some of the
engineering things that were shown. The
heat rejection from the glass is
amazing. Apparently, you can sit there,
you can see the sunlight on you, but
you're not cooking. And the uh super
manifold, forget octa valve, forget
super bottle, the super manifold has
some additional upgrades to it. They've
cut little uh channels in it to prevent
heat from bleeding from hot side to cold
side and vice versa. They've done a
whole lot of things to make this really
dialed in. And for its size, a very fun
car to drive.
&gt;&gt; But uh I only know that from watching
videos.
&gt;&gt; Don't know these ones. These are good
features I didn't be wasn't even aware
of.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Yeah. Tesla Cybertruck sales are
in freef fall. So bad it invites Ford
Edel comparisons. I'll show that to you
there. It invites Ford Edsil
comparisons. And uh yeah, SpaceX and XAI
bought nearly 20% of its Q4 units as
retail demand collapsed from 39,000 to
3500. And what I would say, this was a
comment made to me when I posted a
similar very fun story. One of the
replies came and said, "If this is the
biggest flop, how do you rank the
numbers 2, three, four, and five
electric pickups that are not made by
Tesla
&gt;&gt; that are doing worse?" But I mean, yeah,
it clearly Okay, look, it's to be to be
as fair as possible, Cybertruck is a
failure. I mean depending on you know
&gt;&gt; commercial failure
&gt;&gt; compared to what space Tesla wanted
right
&gt;&gt; it did not hit the 50,000 it did not hit
the 100,000 that they were hoping for
that they built for why well first of
all price if the price you're trying to
sell a Cybertruck at $100,000 $120,000
you're not going to get there $80,000
that's what they tried to do they need
to get down to 60,000 they tried that it
started to do well did it have a bunch
of ISS issues. Absolutely. Is that
expected for the first year? Of course,
that is part of it. Did they might have
uh overstretched and tried to do new
technologies into this vehicle? They
did. And that's what we saw with
remember the Model X and the Falcon
doors. That was a problem. These things
happen when you try to do new
technologies, but they needed to do it
not for Cybertruck reasons, but for
cyber cab reasons. You want to get the
new technologies out, fail on the small
volume kind of vehicle first and then
fix it, fix it, fix it. So that by the
time you go to the big volume vehicle,
cyber cap, all of those things would
have been resolved. So is it lots of
problems? Yes. Has it been uh
disappointing sales? Yes. That's just a
fact. Uh can they recover from this? I
don't know. these numbers are pretty low
especially with this supply chain vendor
that they have an issue with uh that
they had to take to court. So that they
might have to shut down the Cybertruck
for a period of time. Most people I
talked to say that that does not mean
that death of Cybertruck. The the
concern I have for Tesla is that the
Cybertruck footprint for the factory in
Giga Texas is massive.
&gt;&gt; Mhm.
&gt;&gt; And the Cyber Cab footprint is small. So
if Cybercap becomes the, you know, 2
million per vehic per year sales,
Cybertruck is struggling at 30,000
whatever number they're at, what do you
do? So unless Cybertruck comes out with
a Cyber SUV version or a cheaper Cybert
truck, then it will succeed. Now, I
think I don't think they're going to
drop it. I think they're going to solve
the problem. They need to bring the
price down and then this thing will take
off. Why? because it is the best
product, the best vehicle Tesla has ever
made, bar none. Anybody who's ever
driven one will tell you this is a
fantastic vehicle. Price has been always
their biggest concern. Price is to me
the concern. Uh well, but it's so ugly.
Look, if it's priced, right, it doesn't
matter what it looks like. I kid you
not, in elementary school, I had a
friend whose mom drove an old uh mail
truck.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; Because it was cheap. because she got it
at an auction for a song. And what are
you supposed to do when you don't have a
car? You drive a mail truck. It was very
silly. Uh, deeply unsafe. It only had
one seat and there were three of us in
it. But I had to go for a ride because
my friend's mom had a mail truck. Mail
trucks were cheap. Everybody would have
them. Hey, uh, two days ago we made a
video in which I used uh, Grock to make
a prompt for subscribe. And this was the
travesty it came up with. I told you I
would say no, no, no. make us look like
us and maybe put us back in the mix with
the cars. How well did Grock do? I don't
I think we can agree. That's terrible.
That is genuinely horrible.
&gt;&gt; What are you doing?
&gt;&gt; But you guys don't show this again.
&gt;&gt; I have to subscribe.
&gt;&gt; I might have to unsubscribe, dude.
&gt;&gt; Unsubscribe because of that. That is
news of the dumb. Uh we do have this
last news of the dumb story. This is the
last one. Uh the second to last one.
Tesla in self-driving mode gets split in
crash. I looked high and low to find
anything other than what the officer
said the person said in the initial
report. There is no evidence the vehicle
was in self-driving. Um I don't believe
it is reasonable to take claims like
this at face value when time after time,
dozens of times, it is always the same.
It is pedal mislication. It is driver
error. Um,
it said they said, "Oh, it it just
veered into oncoming traffic." That is
not a known failure.
&gt;&gt; If you are the passenger and you veered
into oncoming traffic and you hit this
thing and you crash, what's the first
thing you're going to say to everybody?
It wasn't me.
&gt;&gt; Wasn't me.
&gt;&gt; The car just did it on its own.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. And then they will make this
announcement and then they will make
these news and then what? a year from
now when there's investigations many
many months from now what happens they
come back they don't do retractions the
articles don't do that but Tesla will
announce and say yeah remember that
announce that that news yeah we we
confirmed
&gt;&gt; some articles will do some publications
will do attract uh retractions no one
will see them that's not a bug that's a
feature Tesla's buildout now costs more
cash than the business generates
Oh, spicy
&gt;&gt; scary.
&gt;&gt; Uh, the Q2 report margin trajectory got
the blame for the stock slides. The
commitment that should worry anyone. It
sits on the cash flow statement rather
than the income. Tesla expects capital
spending to top 25 billion against 103
billion of revenue over the trailing 12
months. That's close to a quarter of a
year's sales going into factories,
robots, and chips rather than into cash
the company gets to keep. Guys,
why keep cash? What does cash do for you
if you don't spend it?
&gt;&gt; Yeah, this is hilarious. So, in the next
year, they're going to spend 25 billion
in 2026. But if we look backwards 12
months ago, they only made 103 billion.
What about if I'm spending 25 billion?
What is that going to generate in
everything? And and shockingly, they
didn't even talk about that. Oh, there
there it is. give the capacity 30
billion of of of borrowing as well. And
how much cash do they have in hand?
&gt;&gt; 40 billion.
&gt;&gt; How come you don't talk about that? So
you're concerned that they didn't make
money this year.
&gt;&gt; But why is that a big deal?
&gt;&gt; Because because I started with the
headline and I need to work backwards to
find how it fits the conclusion I
started with. News of the dumb. You
guys, you can send these to me if you
want. Uh, but what you can also do is
like, subscribe. Uh, what do we miss?
What do we miss? Understand? Leave it
into them comments below. And everyone
else, stay tuned. Stay juicy. And I
cannot wait to hear from you clever
robots. Perhaps in just like a week and
a half when I'm in Nepal or, you know,
I'll be in Texas for the big 1010 x
takeover. That'll be fun as well. And
I'm sure I'll see Herbert there, if not
sooner. Take care guys.