Channel:     futureaza
Title:       Tesla Semi Is Quietly Becoming A Global Threat
URL:         https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TMsfgSnH1SQ
Published:   2026-05-20 12:00 UTC
Fetched:     2026-05-20 13:00 UTC

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

There is breaking news every week on the
Semire, the Tesla Semi Project. Not
always new footage to show. This week,
we do not have footage. We will be
focusing on Giga Berlin instead. But
before we do that, we're going to cover
some of the hottest news of the week on
the semi. And at the end of all this,
we're going to be talking to you about
the questions you had in the comments
last week and addressing your wrong
answers to some of the questions we
asked. When I say we, of course, I have
to mean Mark from the Tesla Life, who is
here to uh politely disagree when it
makes sense and to know other times. I'm
Brian. Welcome to Futura.
&gt;&gt; So, Mark, we've got some uh new footage,
some interesting stuff going on here. Uh
Sawyer Merritt shared a pretty
interesting one. Uh Tesla Semi is now
showing up on some of the company's
various websites in Europe, including
the UK. expected to launch in Europe in
2027 at the earliest. So, the standard
range is the only trim listed. 550 km, 1
kilowatt hour per kilometer, 40 tons
gross combination weight, uh, three
independent motors, all the other usual
stuff, and it does use the MCS 3.2,
which is the standard that has been
adopted. Uh, what's your take on this?
Well, it's first it's great news to see
that they're starting to advertise this
in Europe. So, that's letting us know
that the truck's going to comply with
regulation. Uh if they haven't already
gotten it, uh they're they're probably
applying for it now. And uh with uh with
the short range as we talked about last
week makes sense because uh of course uh
it's going to uh be a little cheaper and
on top of that uh it's probably going to
be able to do the duty cycle that's
required to happen in Europe. They have
a more advanced uh charging
infrastructure for uh big trucks uh than
we do here in America uh North America
at this time. And uh that uh that's a
plus for them too. So, uh, all good news
here.
&gt;&gt; So, I did get a comment last week
saying, "No, no, we need long range
here, too. You don't understand how
large Europe is. You've clearly never
driven here." I have driven uh in
Europe. I have been on the Autobon. I've
uh done a road trip from Germany to
Spain. It was 13 hours. Very unpleasant.
Uh, but there are different
requirements. One of the things is it
may need to be a shorter truck. the
standard range is already a shorter
truck that would fit that need without
re-engineering where to put the third
battery module. It is uh at at the very
least a good short-term fix. One thing
people have asked me about from time to
time over the uh years is what ever
happened to this design? Where'd that
go? Uh you happen to know the answer.
Where'd it go?
Well, it left with the smoking and
abandoned movies, but what what happened
was that uh at the time um there was a
uh length restriction on vehicles uh
that had a trailer. So, uh the length
restriction was forcing manufacturers to
build the cab on top of the motor and
that's where you got this flat design
from. But uh the US uh and uh Canada
eliminated the u the length uh uh
restriction and therefore they could
push the motor out further and give the
driver better comfort as well as uh give
them the ability to work on the motor a
little bit more easily because it's not
under the driver anymore.
&gt;&gt; Exactly. All true. There was a revision
to the law. The old law said the length
restriction was nose totail and they
said 53 ft trailer. Drag it with
whatever you want. If you think you can
get around that corner, you can get
around. I mean, good luck. If you can't,
I mean, it's up to you to figure it out.
Um, but there are advantages and
disadvantages to the two designs. Yes,
it's
&gt;&gt; And just as a side note, there are some
crazy long trucks out there with huge
sleepers in the middle. Uh if you look
it up on uh YouTube uh and uh uh just a
photo uh there's there's people that are
like basically living in thousand foot
uh sleeper cabs uh in the middle of a
rig. It's it's crazy large.
&gt;&gt; Something like this. You mean?
&gt;&gt; Yeah, exactly.
&gt;&gt; That is fairly long. I see I see what
you're talking about. There you go. One
that looks like it belongs to the fire
department and maybe it does. That looks
like the snake swallowed a whole cow
&gt;&gt; and it's still digesting it. Yes.
&gt;&gt; Uhhuh. Mhm. Interesting. Thank you for
uh sharing that. So, we have got uh some
issues that are uh that are raised when
you're talking about the repairability.
Yeah, it's easier to work on one that
just you can open the whole front end
basically, but also comfort. Also having
the sleeper cab like you mentioned. All
of those are valuable uh compromises,
but apparently also just the ride
comfort being directly over the front
wheels was also somehow not as good.
There's your answer. Um that's why. So
this week we are going to be talking
about first I wanted to show this fleet
of hydrogen trucks to hit the road.
Partnership to get green hydrogen
trucks.
Green hydrogen. I think it's gray
hydrogen if you're being honest at best.
Uh up and running in New Zealand says
there's renewed interest in the
technology as diesel prices remain high.
Hey Mark, uh hydrogen what um what do
they make it out of?
&gt;&gt; They make that uh with fossil fuel
typically.
&gt;&gt; Oh yeah. Yeah.
&gt;&gt; It is reformed natural gas. Uh so I'm
just going to put out a prediction. I'd
love to hear yours. this is going to
fail like every other hydrogen pilot
before it because it doesn't work.
&gt;&gt; So long as they're not using government
funds to do it, they can go ahead and
try it out. There's it's great to have
multiple irons in the fire, but you're
right to this point hydrogen has been a
bust on many many levels.
&gt;&gt; It the laws of physics, it turns out,
and apparently I didn't know this, are
immutable. So that's unfortunate. It's
really unfortunate, but there you go.
Uh, hey, do you know what uh you can do?
You feel like it.
&gt;&gt; You can make your rubber tires spark.
&gt;&gt; Yeah,
it has to do with the prompt that I gave
it. That's on me. So, since uh we do not
have fresh Zangler footage, sadly, uh
you know, um little busy, little
retired, little burnt out, what we've
got is Tobias Lind footage. Uh Tobias is
uh one of the original drone pilots from
Gigaf Berlin. As you can see, he doesn't
publish much, but we did get a little
bit of footage, so we're going to cover
that. So, one thing we're going to do is
share to Tobius Lynn's uh footage from
Giga Berlin. This came out uh just a
couple weeks ago, and there's a bit to
see here in this bottom corner down
here, right behind where it says in this
video. Do you see what that is? What is
that? He didn't really cover it because
it's not really worthy. That is very
old. It only was uh something they tried
out for a short time.
&gt;&gt; The double-decker supercharger.
&gt;&gt; What were you thinking?
So they would load the cars on the car
carrier, which of course has two levels,
and they would drive the car carrier in
between those units, and then they would
plug in the cars as they were sitting on
the trailer ready to transport.
&gt;&gt; Why? Okay, I never got to see it in use
that I can recall. If I did, it may have
only been once, but that is a weird
idea. So that didn't stick around very
long. Here we've got this big clearing
in the north of the site. Uh all of this
was forest, not like a wild forest, but
a uh a pulp farm where they grew trees
to make uh paper products. Uh this was,
you know, agricultural land, not a wild
forest. If you go into those trees uh
where it is still a managed forest,
you'll hear it's dead quiet because
there's just no abundance of uh animal
life in there.
&gt;&gt; So, at any rate, this part of the
factory has been cleared. They're
working on the new train station. It's
fun seeing all these roads before
there's any real reason for them to
exist. Um so, all of this
&gt;&gt; it does look like kind of like a um a
motocross circuit.
&gt;&gt; Ah, okay. Okay, I will agree with that
more than what I was thinking. It looked
like to me is one of those developments
that they started and then the economy
went bust that you can see from the
plane when you're flying in.
&gt;&gt; Um, so we've got some good shots of the
train station going in here. We've got
uh the parking garage going up right
here. Not a not a very big one, just a
little two-story parking garage there.
Probably more of a pickup and drop off
sort of thing. And can you guess when
this train station that they're building
right here is going to be open?
&gt;&gt; I'm going to say at at how it looks now.
I'm going to say
beginning of next year.
&gt;&gt; Okay. Uh so
&gt;&gt; that would be my guess.
&gt;&gt; Apparently the answer is new public
station will open in August.
&gt;&gt; Oh lot earlier. Yes.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Which is it's coming up but all
right. You can see they're putting quite
a bit of work. They've got this nice
little spur over here that will
accommodate that. Uh
&gt;&gt; notice notice all the uh the poles um
the the girder poles that are in place.
Awful lot of Do you think that's
lighting or is is that to support maybe
the gantry because it's going to be an
electrified line?
&gt;&gt; Yeah, it might be cattonary wires. Uh
that's a good possibility
because that does appear to be just too
many. You wouldn't need that many
lights.
&gt;&gt; You wouldn't think so. Although this is
going to be a station area, but you're
right. Like on both sides, I probably
probably
gantry would be my guess.
&gt;&gt; So, we've also got going in here a
tunnel that runs underneath all of it.
You can see it kind of in the middle. I
can get you a little closer there.
Tunnel, pedestrian foot tunnel,
presumably.
&gt;&gt; Oh, I thought I thought we were going to
see proof rock three. Okay.
&gt;&gt; No. Cut and cover is still cheaper.
&gt;&gt; Yes.
&gt;&gt; I see a lot of people who are so excited
about the Boring Company that they say
one gentleman said, "Oh, you know where
they should connect? They should connect
uh this, you know, giga whichever to
this place." I go, "How how far is
that?" "Oh, it's 30 miles of open
desert." Nope. Nope. Nope. You're not
going to bore through.
&gt;&gt; And the other thing is it's open desert.
There's no reason to have a tunnel.
&gt;&gt; There's no reason to have a tunnel
there. um you would just use a road is
what you would use would be the correct
uh thing if you wanted uh a a surface
option. You know, in Las Vegas they're
looking at
repurposing the Montreal uh with a
roadway for uh robo taxi. It already
runs some of those destinations. All
they need to do is put a new cap on it.
Uh so that would be
&gt;&gt; this this whole construction process to
put in a station. Uh obviously a station
is for people. So this is the delivery
of people most likely.
&gt;&gt; Um but have they started to do anything
when it comes to additional freight um
like uh delivery of uh anything or or
the export of cars for example.
&gt;&gt; I have not seen that shaping up yet. No.
They used it originally for construction
material, bringing in some of those
concrete pillars, some of the fill
materials,
&gt;&gt; but not since then. I have not seen it.
If anyone in the comments has seen it,
by all means, let me know. And then
we're getting out to uh over on the
northeast corner. That's not the
northeast corner. This is looking back
south. Uh we've got this whole new
logistics off-ramp section going in of
roadway. I was going to show you the
recycling center for those who haven't
seen it. This is the recycling center on
the left of the screen. That's where
scrap metal comes in before it heads
back out.
&gt;&gt; And then this is the new at the
northeast corner, this big road that's
going in uh for the logistics area. And
this is the old train station which
they're in the process of
decommissioning while also adding a
level crossing. Ah,
&gt;&gt; so that is the excitement.
&gt;&gt; That's quite a bit of uh infrastructure
they're putting into this uh this
railroad. So obviously they're going to
be using it uh more.
&gt;&gt; Yes. For the factory at the capacity
it's at right now has an appropriately
sized transit solution. They don't want
everyone driving. They need a bigger
transit solution for the factory as it
expands as it may have soon production
for Semi, for Cyber Cap, for Optimus.
Who knows? All of those have been teased
at some point. Maybe they will happen.
But what's more exciting to me is it's
time to answer your questions. Yes,
yours. If you asked a question last
week, it may be here. And so, I'm just
going to get ready and say,
There we go. Good enough for me. Uh, we
do that. Hey, like the video. If you
haven't liked it, like it. Like uh
Tobias's video. That's a good one, too.
And then we'll get into it. Uh some
great questions, some less sincere. The
electric semis make sense without
subsidies. I guess I'm not surprised
that deficit and corruption ridden
California found money for electric
trucks that previously didn't exist.
Well, they actually had a budget for it
last year, too. So, I don't know about
that part of it. And it's not just
California, although California did
announce a billion dollar rebate program
for electric trucks. Um, as the
passenger vehicle market has been seated
to China, uh, this is huge. This means
that there will be $350 million worth of
Tesla semi-orders that are already in.
&gt;&gt; Wow.
&gt;&gt; So,
&gt;&gt; kind of a big deal. If you look at some
of the other incentive programs,
California we just talked about, they
already had one. It's expanding. Uh
Oregon has a zero mission rebate.
Washington has one. And upcoming
programs are expected in other states as
well. New Jersey, New York, and perhaps
more. I would take issue with the idea
that this has anything to do with
politics. I think this is just good for
the air. California has the mountains
which trap the pollution in. They want
better air. That was the whole reason
Reagan made them capable of doing their
own uh you know emissions requirements.
Reagan was from California. He was the
governor. He understood
and in you know conjunction with states
rights we should also remember that. But
the big thing is uh if a state wants to
clean up their own air, why stand in the
way? Why complain? Why complain about
it? And this will make adoption easier
for everyone eventually.
&gt;&gt; Absolutely. And it's um it's something
that governments typically have to get
involved with early when it's a new and
u new technology, right? It's something
that that needs a little support out of
the gate and uh because people are set
in their ways and if there's no
incentive to move even if the technology
is better uh sometimes the good ideas
fall by the wayside.
&gt;&gt; Yes. And uh if the fact that they are
around price parody isn't as good as if
they are a clear-cut choice. Let's move
some units. Um that's not that's not
investment advice. Uh, this is
investment advice. My prediction on
Tesla share price, it will go down and
then go back up again. Not investment
advice. So, I think Charles is giving us
clear investment advice. Um, and it
appears by this emoji that he's in
Australia. I think that means
&gt;&gt; he fell down. One or the other.
&gt;&gt; One of our channel regular skeptics,
Patrick, wants to know, has anyone seen
semi-truckss leaving the factory? I have
not seen a video of a truck leaving
through the big door and leaving the
factory yet.
&gt;&gt; Okay, so that must mean maybe they're
not real. Have you seen EC Cascadia
leaving the building?
&gt;&gt; I have not seen any
leaving the building.
&gt;&gt; No, none.
&gt;&gt; Have you ever seen a semi leave a
building? The building from which it was
birthed.
&gt;&gt; Therefore, don't exist.
&gt;&gt; Yes.
&gt;&gt; So, I'm glad we cracked that one. Um,
if that was the measure, it would be
very easy for them to just run the same
10 trucks through all day and make it
look like it's really moving. But even
Lucid didn't pull those shenanigans.
There was questions as to how much semi
can haul. And that led me to my own
question. Sometimes companies move items
weighing more than a 100,000 200,000
lbs. We've seen them where they've got
the oversized trailers with a shocking
number of wheels. In those situations,
could they reduce the number because
Tesla's motors are more capable? I'm
going to say no because what you need is
rubber to the ground and they need the
extra wheels as well. I think semi even
if you loaded it down with a ton of
weight to make it connect, loaded it to
its weight capacity, if it's heavy
enough, you just spin the wheels. You
would uh but it may be capable of moving
more than a traditional truck. But keep
in mind those 100,000 200,000 lb loads,
they're not being moved by a traditional
truck either. It is souped up to handle
these type of loads. They're specialized
companies that are designed to make
vehicles to just pull these types of uh
weight.
&gt;&gt; I think but what Joe's asking is it
wouldn't need to be souped up.
&gt;&gt; I I think the amount is is really large.
I I you know Tesla has not made their
semi capable of pulling these type of
weights.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Yep. And you still have to stop.
We showed the condos just to the just
next to uh the Fremont factory and I
said I think they're condos, not
apartments. Correct. Couple of condos
across the street. $680,000
for a one-bedroom, 800 for a two.
&gt;&gt; Wow. Deal.
&gt;&gt; Deal.
&gt;&gt; It's a bargain at twice the price.
Tom's got a great question now. Uh I
don't know if you met him last year in
Moskegan. He will be there again this
year. uh if it has a clutch, that clutch
will need to be replaced. You know, the
the other axle, the second rear axle
disengages.
Will that clutch need to be replaced?
What is the life of it? What is the cost
of replacing it? So, I don't know if
that is an item that would get enough
wear to require replacement before a
million miles, but it could. I think it
could. And I don't have any answer to
that question.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; No details on that at all.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. And I don't have a guess. If
anyone has a guess, that is not the
wrong answer I want. And if this is your
first time, we have a section called
wrong answers only coming up real quick.
I show you something from the video. I
ask you uh to give me your wrong answer
about what it is. I forgot to determine
one for the video. Uh but Mark and I
will decide that at some point when we
pause it so you can tell us uh what it
is. And we are back with what we would
like you to wrong answer only for last
week. If you look at this picture, we
are at the northwest corner of the
property looking out and over it and I
see this little tiny building here and I
want some some wrong answers. What is
it? This thing. That little building.
What could it be? It's uh got a a uh
cherry picker in in use. A uh man lift
of sorts. Lot of windows. Wrong answers.
Only only wrong, please. What's in that
building?
All right. Now, we were just talking
about the condos. Let's get to the next
question. The clutch. That's right.
Uh Steven Taylor has some good advice.
Maybe Brian should go to the local truck
stop in something nice and see if he can
find a driver that has a Tesla semi. A
Tesla Semi. And uh I have I have two
comments to that, Stephen. First of all,
inappropriate. Second of all, 20 bucks
is 20 bucks.
So, last week we showed you this and
asked you wrong answers only. What is
it? What's going on there? Uh, this is
in the parking lot at Fremont and it
could be anything. Could be absolutely
anything. We've got some wrong answers
to go through. Uh, it is the branding
for the parking lot with the memorial X
for a legend. Yeah. Also, Fremont is I
West. I'm surprised you guys aren't
using this official alternative
designation. Thanks for another fun
show. Thank you, Doug.
&gt;&gt; Exactly, Doug. Yep. I West.
Why did we not think of that before?
That's crazy.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Yeah. It's a exNASA contractor
running new power to the light pole and
they thought they were still on a cost
plus plus contract.
I think that's I think that's
reasonable. NASA contractors. Nothing
nothing would uh nothing would be
further from the truth than that, would
it? Yes.
&gt;&gt; No. What's a wrong answer? Wrong answer
only. Creating a landing site for the
aliens to come visit Optimus at birth.
&gt;&gt; At birth. Ah.
&gt;&gt; I mean, I think if aliens came down to
meet anyone, it would be robots because,
you know, they're if they're not smarter
than us today, they will be soon.
They're certainly better at math. I'd
love to see the capture to prove you are
uh not a ro uh not a human and it' just
be a math problem and you just look at
and go nah I'm good. What are they
building? A parkour course for Optimus
just to make sure they're ready to take
on Boston Dynamics.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, the the Boston Dynamic Olympics.
They got to get ready.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, the lifts on the right are
shooting off fireballs in defense of
their parking lot. I think I might need
to jump back over and see what you're
talking about. The lifts on the right, I
don't think those are lifts. I think
that's an optical illusion. Those are
trenches with holes.
Ah, they look like cannons. I think
&gt;&gt; there is a lift to the left center. But
&gt;&gt; yeah, that one. Yeah. So maybe maybe the
correct answer the correct wrong answer
is that they're shooting off fireballs.
Just figuring out how to control
everything. Mhm.
&gt;&gt; Thanks, Joe. Mhm. Belts for giants.
Okay. I don't know. Uh industrial size
slappy hands, you know, the sticky
hands. So again,
&gt;&gt; excellent answer. Yes.
&gt;&gt; Excellent answer. For those uh un
unawares, this is what we see here. And
the slappy hands are what we see here.
Much bigger though. Just picture picture
it much bigger.
Rao, which I assume is a wrong answer
only, but it's spelled wrong, which
makes it right. It's unless it's right
answer only. Retractable tether ball
poles for the new tether ball court.
&gt;&gt; Okay,
&gt;&gt; that's so terrible. I love it. They
could lay down. They could They could
telescope. They could retract. There's
so many bad options. Uh the the bucket
trucks were making sand angels.
&gt;&gt; There you go.
&gt;&gt; I like that.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Uh, I don't know what dirty
hopscotch is, Tom. And I think maybe
&gt;&gt; I don't know if we want to know what
dirty hopscotch is.
&gt;&gt; Maybe. Don't tell us. Uh, they're
practicing the installation of inductive
charging for semis or it's a training
center for Optimus paratroopers that
will work at Amazon fulfillment centers.
&gt;&gt; Wow.
&gt;&gt; Triple thought about that quite a bit.
&gt;&gt; Mhm. That's because our viewers are very
sharp people. Wrong answer only. Playing
a modern version of medieval catapult
launches to calibrate the front loader's
aim.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Yeah. Um, this is the outbound
logistics cantina where Optimus will go
for a drink at a charge before engaging
in a life of servitude.
&gt;&gt; So they can blow off steam before they
do that. Yes.
&gt;&gt; You know, fun fact, they are steam
powered. I'm pretty sure that's what
some people want. The lifts on the right
side are shooting off fireballs in
defense of their party. So, I don't I
don't think that's
&gt;&gt; Man, we're not seeing those those
right-handed lifts. It
&gt;&gt; Some folks might be watching on a phone
or tablet, smaller device.
&gt;&gt; Yeah,
&gt;&gt; wrong answers. Stretching black rubber
bands to tie down to the pavement. Feel
like we need to go back and I don't see
the rubber bands. Is it the dark
trenches that are the rubber bands?
&gt;&gt; I think that's the rubber bands. That's
a
&gt;&gt; I'm gonna say I'm gonna add I'm gonna
add one myself right now. Brian, of
course, are molds for giant Swiss
sticks.
&gt;&gt; So good. So, I mean, that is definitely
a wrong answer. Banksy snuck into the
wilderness. So, I'm not sure if this is
the wilderness. I think this is the
urban jungle. And I think that's where
Bangsy's natural habitat is.
Just just just thinking out loud here.
Um, if you really like wrong answers,
Mark, you'll love this one. They're
making a pizza.
&gt;&gt; No explanation required.
&gt;&gt; Ah, yeah. Come on. JD's got us this
week. Cave art. They're placing buckets
on the ground, spilling out dye behind
to leave the outline. It's cave art.
Come on.
&gt;&gt; Ah, okay. Yep.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. They're laying out a giant
sundial.
&gt;&gt; Oh, yeah. Because, you know, clocks are
so inefficient. You you may as well get
the sun dial out.
&gt;&gt; Well, you have to wind your sun
periodically, but
installing dialup uh modem cables.
&gt;&gt; Well, that makes sense, too. Yeah.
&gt;&gt; Doesn't Does it Does it? So, guys, uh
what do we miss? What do we
misunderstand? That's it. Leave it.
Leave it in them comments below. Uh
check out Mark's channel, The Tesla
Life, where they do fantastic live shows
every Wednesday, 400 p. p.m. Pacific,
7:00 p.m. Eastern. It's a whole heaping
helping of fun and then some. Everybody
else, stay tuned. Stay juicy.