Channel:     futureaza
Title:       GIGA SHANGHAI is SAFE! + A whole lotta other Tesla News - Beat Podcast
URL:         https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gicewZZYc4I
Published:   2026-08-01 05:48 UTC
Fetched:     2026-08-01 20:00 UTC

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

What's up everyone? Number 154.
154 Tesla beat. Uh we are doing this on
a odd time. Again, our typical standard
time is um you know 8 a.m. on Fridays,
but we had some traveling to do, so it
just we couldn't make it this week. Uh
we'll get into some of that, but with
that said, uh Brian and Joe, how are you
guys doing?
&gt;&gt; Well, I'm doing pretty good. pretty
good. In the chat, someone had asked if
do I hide until the show starts. Now I
was finishing my leftovers. So, you
know, kind [laughter] of busy. Had very
important stuff to take care of. Uh,
this week has been pretty wild. Pretty
big roller coaster, but I suspect we're
going to cover that.
&gt;&gt; Why else would we be here? Joe, how are
you doing, man?
&gt;&gt; Why else? Yeah. No, I'm good, man. Yeah,
it's been a It was a long weekend. It
was one for the books for sure.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, it was a long long week. Uh but
with that said, uh quick shout out to
Insta 360. All three of us are actually
using the Link 2C. It's an amazing
companion that just um that follows you
wherever you go, uh if you're on the
screen, but it's also a really good
companion, and that is a good reminder
for me to pack it this week as we uh as
I do some other light travel. Uh but
with that said, um let's get into it and
see how the week has been. But man, I
will say um as much as it's like
long-term thinking as far as like owning
Tesla stock, it is never easy to also
just see 10 to 20% be wiped away.
&gt;&gt; Um I know people have been feeling it. I
mean, I I've been, you know, I've been
feeling it as well, just cuz you know,
you see what the stock was at. So, I I
don't ever want to discount that, even
though I am very much thinking long-term
with the stock. So, um yeah, go ahead,
Brian.
&gt;&gt; Oh, I was going to say I don't know if
everybody realized, but I'm pretty sure
today is my 2-year anniversary of being
on the podcast.
&gt;&gt; What?
&gt;&gt; Dude,
&gt;&gt; it was right after X Takeover two years
ago, and that's when it happened.
&gt;&gt; What's the X Takeover, man?
&gt;&gt; What is it? It's it's only the biggest
event of the year for Tesla people. It's
got uh speakers with panels. It's got
vendors, the coolest vendors, the widest
selection of uh interesting and relevant
vendors. It's got this year anyway, I
don't know if you heard Musk will be
speaking, autographed books and all.
It's an amazing event. It can't be
missed. If you miss it, I don't know
what you're doing. And even if you don't
think, well, you know, it's I don't
know. I don't know. It's very stressful,
guys. There's events all over the place
in town in Austin this year before it
and after it and probably during it
because you know not everyone's going to
get in.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, I was uh talking to we were at an
event last so sorry for this quick rant,
but we were I was at an event last last
night. Um Lost Gatus had their oneyear
anniversary and actually I guess they
are like the biggest uh delivery center
here in the South Bay doing tons of
vehicle deliveries. But with that said,
um it's, you know, I had a guy tell me,
"Oh yeah, you know, I'm going to try to
come next year. You know, it was in
Santo yesterday, last year, so it was
like easier to get to." I said, "This is
going to be bigger than anything you can
imagine, obviously, cuz it's in Texas."
Um, but we plan these as, you know, this
is the last year in that, you know, we
want to always put on the best show. And
as you you both have seen because you've
been uh followers of the event, you've
been um speakers at the event, you know,
hosting stuff uh doing stuff in the
background, but every event gets bigger.
Um and it's just one of those things we
put our heart and soul. So there's just
no, you just can't bank that. Hey 2027,
it's going to be here because even this
event, we didn't announce it till like
late May. Everyone was like, what's
happening? like we, you know, we didn't
even really know what was happening
either cuz, you know, we're we're
working stuff in the background, but it
was just one of those things where you,
this is the biggest community event. You
should be there if you can make it.
But yeah, so wamp on the stock uh down
about half a percent since last week and
then Tesla or SpaceX is down another
five 4% in the past uh 5 days. Um Joe,
I'm going to pass this one to you. this
happened. Um, this this um podcast or
interview dropped uh I believe it was
last Friday, Saturday. Um, and so Joe,
what did you what did you see? What did
you pick up from from this interview?
&gt;&gt; Uh, that the media has despised more so
than [laughter]
[clears throat] No, actually, you know
what? There's been I will say this is
probably one of the best interviews
because it it wasn't like
it wasn't like all fluff and like just
pomp and sense for Elon, you know what I
mean? It wasn't like I mean they she
went in, you know what I mean? and he
and he pushed back and it was like a
really really good interview for for
that you know I mean like a lot of times
you know you get a lot of people that
will interview Elon but you know I mean
they're not really going to hit him with
the hard stuff and and she hit him with
some hard stuff and it was it was really
good. I mean, he said a lot of things
that we of course we've heard before,
but overall like it was just really well
done for him to put himself out there
for somebody that, you know, I mean,
isn't like his major supporters and all
that type of stuff.
&gt;&gt; I thought it was interesting because it
demonstrated that uh both parties
[snorts] in that interview have their
own bubbles and don't necessarily
realize it. She genuinely thinks that
nobody hates the media. my sister, my
friend, absolutely tons of people,
millions, perhaps billions, have a deep
distrust of the media. But for Elon to
say that uh nobody, you know, reasonable
hates me, would also be inside the
bubble thinking there are plenty of
people who uh whether directly or
indirectly have a reason to dislike him.
That goes beyond the media. If you're
going to do big things, you're going to
make people unhappy. Whether that's
people who have uh jobs in the auto
unions. I mean, of course, they have a
material reason to not care for him. Uh
it could be the all the competitors who
are struggling because of the companies
he's created. And it can just be, you
know, people who uh hate anyone who has
more than them. But what I found about
those people is that everyone has more
than them. They're very bitter and angry
people. Uh, I did appreciate that they
pushed that they actually pushed on some
things. Uh, if I if it was my interview,
I would also push, but not on social
stuff. I got engineering questions,
baby. And I'm sure that that would be
reason alone not to invite me. Uh,
assuming there weren't, you know, all of
the other reasons as well.
Yeah, I thought this interview um well,
it really showcased I think I think she
was a a good person to go toe-to-toe
with in that she was really she was
fairly well prepared uh versus you know
people who were just coming in with the
talking points she she was even though
you know some of her questions you know
I don't think that it was kind of a
waste of time uh but she at least you
know could back it up and kind of hold
her ground even if she disagreed she
wasn't going to be a person who was
going to be in the room to kind of be
smothered. But I will say though, like
she just ultimately um I don't think she
also really sized the person that she
was dealing with. And maybe maybe she
did she she did. But like I think the
thing that people forget about is this
is not um Elon is not a person because
I've interviewed him several times. He
is not a person you'll be able to walk
into a room with, throw him a talking
point and blame Tesla for oh Tesla's
catch on fires or you know Tesla's um
you know like will will drive the
autopilot will kill kills pedestrians.
You cannot and that's even on his topics
but let's say any world event how to
make chocolate how to how um how to put
air in a tire. I can tell you right now,
this is the one guy who will walk
circles around you. You cannot throw
crap at him um and just throw a bunch of
talking points and like walk in like
people just loathe you, people uh people
don't like you, you know, are you a
racist? Like all of those things. Like I
again Elon has gotten to be the way he
has been uh for you know various reasons
whether it was you know going from one
political side to the other political
side. He grew up reading encyclopedias.
I think I even posted a quote. He
famously quoted like I was raised by
books. Um, you know, and so and then and
then by my parents. And so it's just one
of those things where I thought this was
I'm I'm glad, you know, I think this was
like one of the first cuz I think when
he did like the Don Lemon one, like that
was just a little bit, you know, it was
just different tone, different uh versus
this. This was actually a conversation
even though I feel like he was still
able to run laps around the um around I
think it's Zany. But um with that said,
um I I'm glad he did it. Um but I think
it was just a reminder of like how
intelligent Elon is, how much he just
doesn't put up with he can handle any
situation. He doesn't handle the typical
uh media jargon that we'll throw at him.
Um and he can he is very well thought
out and he can give a very well-reasoned
um you know answer to any question you
know and again throw if you have all of
these talking points of why you hate
Elon she was pretty much asking them and
he was able to be like no let me break
it down for you in simple terms and when
you hear it you're kind of like wow
that's kind of common sense you know
what I mean like I don't know so um but
yeah I think it's a it's a great
interview you should go check it out the
comment comment section is probably the
best part of the interview. I'm just
joking. Um on YouTube. [laughter]
&gt;&gt; Oh, thank God.
&gt;&gt; The Economist. [gasps] Yeah. Um go check
it out. It's on YouTube. Uh it's gotten
taken down several times on X from
various places,
&gt;&gt; but um it is worth checking out.
&gt;&gt; It is finally up without a payw wall.
The Economist has released it on
YouTube. Uh so you can actually see it.
Uh yeah, that interview though. Uh,
John, lots of people think you're a
jerk. Brian, you're saying you think I'm
a jerk, right? Because that's what she's
saying is is lots of people when she
says lots of people, she means me. I
don't like you.
&gt;&gt; Uh, but she's also doing a a classic
interview technique. Uh, smart question,
dumb question. Sometimes you have to ask
the smartest questions in the world to
get the answers, and sometimes that
doesn't work. So, you ask the dumbest
question. A lot of the questions that
I'll ask in an interview are questions I
already know the answer to and sometimes
it's a softball where if I give you a
really dumb question, you can crush it.
Just knock it out of the park. And to an
extent, that's what she was doing.
That's why a lot of the media, despite
being very harsh to the actors or
celebrities or athletes that they cover
or politicians, they still have a
friendly relationship with them because
they understand how the how the thing
works. Um, I assume Elon knows how it
works. If she hadn't asked those
questions, there would be a lot fewer
views on the on the interview and it's
just part of the game. I don't think
it's appropriate to despise the media. I
know a lot of people in espe especially
on XA get rid of the media. We don't
need them. We are the media. And I say
and I say where do you get your sources
from? Because without the media we have
we're all just guessing and that and if
and if we are going to become the
primary sources we don't have the
funding most of us but but micro
influencers as newsmakers are a lot more
susceptible to corruption than
institutional ones. So I mean it's just
part of the process. Uh I
&gt;&gt; inherent bias right with everybody.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Yep. Yes. And you know, I think
most of us are smart enough to read
through the nonsense. Not everyone is.
Uh but I think at least our viewers are
uh are pretty
&gt;&gt; Some people don't. Some people will hear
something about China and just report it
as news.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. I mean, [laughter]
&gt;&gt; that was a wild 24 hours, man.
&gt;&gt; Well, and here's the thing is I famously
am I don't report single source rumors.
That means I am often late to a story,
but I almost never uh look like an
absolute clown.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, that one [clears throat] I was uh
I was in the car with Joe. I was like,
"Yeah, they're thinking about, you know,
splitting up um you know, Tesla um and
Tesla China, right?" And um I was like
you know obviously some of the stuff and
this kind of the crazy thing to be
honest with you though is like with the
stuff that has happened with the current
administration and splitting up you know
you know separating China it like it
wasn't completely unreal like to be like
um
&gt;&gt; it was totally plausible.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Especially if a merger
is going to happen with SpaceX because
of their government contracts and all
that stuff. So, but with everything, you
know, I didn't take that as uh as as
truth. It's like you got to wait till
Elon comments on it, especially
something like that. But I will say like
10 out of 10, it's always false. You
know what I mean? It's always false or
Elon just does not comment on it. You
know, you we and we've seen that before.
News break it and it keeps going keeps
going. He doesn't comment and then it
happens, you know. So, all right. Well,
with that said,
uh just some SpaceX quick news. Um you
know, hopefully they will catch the
Starship
um you know, on the on the next uh
SpaceX launch, which if they do,
depending on when this is, I would love
to see a Starship catch. I've seen a
booster. Uh it was just absolutely crazy
to see something the size of like a 100,
you know, floor building being caught by
two chopsticks. Um and to I don't know
if they'll do both a booster and a
Starship catch or if this is just going
to be a Starship catch. I assume it
probably will just be a Starship catch.
Uh, but with that said, um, you know,
the way that they got this last one to
land and how it floated literally like
for four days and how they can literally
just pull it's like it's like a yacht
floating, you know what I mean? Um, it
it it's really cool and who knows. I
think people are um trying to get this
thing at the Smithsonian, too. But, um,
cool nonetheless.
&gt;&gt; I don't know if the Smithsonian has that
kind of space available. Uh, yeah, it
was an amazing flight to watch. It it
wasn't that long ago we're watching all
the flaps burn through and think this is
never going to work. And this one as it
descended the plasma flowing off of it.
You could see the flow of it was just
perfect. It was all going in the right
direction and smoothly. So, uh they will
only be trying to catch one of the two
because they don't have enough catch
towers yet. Um so that's uh and yeah,
it's time to catch the upper the upper
stage. Let's do a soft landing
successfully with the new Raptors. Uh,
but they are I don't know, man. This is
We're just about there. This is the
craziest thing they've ever done. And
and SpaceX is nothing but crazy things.
&gt;&gt; Crazy. And once they establish, you
know, the reusability part like and just
kind of figure out like the actual um
the design that will get them um up and
down, you know, reliably, right? Once
they even kind of can lock that in, and
obviously as we know with SpaceX, they
never really lock a design in. They're
always constantly improving. But then
they can start figuring out like, okay,
how do we get stuff into it to actually
and they're and they're doing some of
that stuff with like, you know, some of
the the Starlink satellites. I know
they've done some testing or some like
deployments and things like that to
test. Uh but now you'll start to see
them doing testing for, you know,
putting Starlink satellites in. Who
knows, bigger payloads, who knows? Maybe
they'll start throwing seats in. Maybe
they'll throw in a a Roadster.
But they'll start growing from there
once they lock in the design. Kind of
like they did with the Falcon 9. It took
clearly, you know, eight different
versions to to finally get to one that's
just going up and coming down every
other day.
&gt;&gt; Well, they're always reiterating. And I
mean, they're
much like all the other companies that
that he runs, like it never stops with
one design. They're always going for it.
&gt;&gt; Always. All right. So, we kind of went
into this a little bit last week, but um
the robo taxi is running on V15. Joe,
tell us what Ashrock said.
Uh yeah, well Ashak Aliswami said that
uh he was talking about the robo taxi
fleet, but the current robo taxi fleet
is already running version FSD v15
software. So, the the V15 is is pretty
awesome. I I think that that what we're
seeing like like how we saw like uh we
knew that they were in different
versions of 14 before and and once we
got that uh that 13 that 3.7 or whatever
3.6
uh you know I mean it became apparent
like how different it was over the over
the uh point4 variant. Brian.
&gt;&gt; Uh, so I just got 1436
and the first thing I did is fired up
the camera, went out to show what it can
do, and it's boring. It's the most
boring thing ever because we've run out
of things to fix. 1435 had already fixed
all of my navigation stupidity. It now
selects the correct bridge. It now knows
which entrance is the entrance versus
the exit only at the parking lot. I
don't know what else I want from it. Uh
unsupervised, it's not unsupervised. So,
and then once it is unsupervised, those
videos will be very I mean, you're going
to have to record hundreds of hours to
find one thing that's crazy because it's
just going to handle everything. As it
is, it already handles everything. I get
the same phantom breaking everyone else
gets where it's, why are you slowing
down? Oh, look. A pedestrian dressed in
all black on a moonless night. Good job.
Uh, I didn't see them. The car did. And
I get that all the time. So, you know,
what do you want it to do? It probably
already does it.
True. That
&gt;&gt; probably. Yeah. I think in my area
there's still some work on the parking.
So, um, but the model uh Y that we got
our hands on uh actually was running the
1437 variant. So, everyone that was
using um and testing out at the Model Y
L event uh was actually testing
unreleased software. Um so, um yeah, it
was uh it was pretty cool. But yeah, I
would love to see that's probably my
only quirk right now with the 143 series
is is just a part it'll still go into
handicap sometimes. So, um [laughter]
[gasps and sighs] Yep. All right. So,
SNX are open source. So, as you may know
for the OGs out there, um the Roadster,
all that was completely open- source,
right? The design, the software,
everything. So, if you wanted to go and
copy something, you could. So, shout out
to the legacy automotive companies.
Like, if you don't want to reinvent the
wheel, stick your brand on it like you
do anyways, right? Mazda engine, Ford,
Ford on the badge on the front, you
might as well do that with the SNX. It's
not rocket. Ubis is not going to allow
it. But China, we're going to see plenty
over the next few years. There's going
to be some amazing China.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. But with that said, um the SNX are
going to be open source over time. And
there was I think it was um Captain Hype
and even Esther. Uh there's been a
couple of um signature model um S's
going over to Europe. And so, but either
way, it's great to see these uh 250
S, I think it was 150 X's kind of end up
in all over the places, but we will see
where these things I mean, like I said,
um
we will see where, you know, how these
um age um if they end up being commuter
cars that just end up getting sold like
in a couple years or if they end up in
like the Peterson
&gt;&gt; half a million dollars.
&gt;&gt; Exactly.
Exactly.
All right, Joe. Cybercap fleet.
&gt;&gt; This is This is a Brian one. Yeah, the
Cyber Cyber Cab fleet is growing.
There's also going to be no uh no cap on
the vehicles, which was pretty cool.
Sawyer asked asked large at the at the
event. And so that was uh confirmed that
because everybody was thinking like,
"Oh, it's 2500 is going to be the cap or
whatever." But
there's a lot happening here. It's crazy
that this question has to still be
asked. I imagine Lars is getting as
frustrated as we are. Uh this is not
going through the exemption process.
This is being this is an FMVSS uh
certified uh certification process. It's
self-certified. It meets all the
requirements as is. Uh this is settled.
This is settled.
And in the case of Zuks, they tried to
do that self-certification. They were
denied and they said, "So what? We have
to apply for a waiver and see if you'll
grant it." And they're like, "Yeah, try
it. Can we have it?" "Yes." "Oh, okay.
Well, that was easy." Uh because the the
rule is dumb. It's antiquated. It's
pointless. Like, who on earth came up
with that number and how and why? And
the people who work there are like, "We
don't know." And we agree. So, anyone
who has ever applied for a waiver has
received one. this is not going to be a
limitation. Uh and the cyber cab to the
skeptics saying it's never going to
happen. It's going to be 10 years. I
say, do you really think they're going
to build thousands of them and ship them
all over the country and deploy them
like supplies for an invasion without an
invasion coming? I don't know what to
tell you, man. It's real.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; Facts. It is real. And I mean like like
I said I think I think someone put out
some stat. I mean based on everything
that we're seeing there's clearly well
over a thousand right if not um I like
in PaloAlto if you go to this one area
you you see
Oh Joe is that you
&gt;&gt; crackling
&gt;&gt; or is that me? It stopped. But uh with
that said um you know if you go to this
one part of Palo Alto you like almost
every it was like on uh on a couple
weekdays I went by it felt like every
couple of minutes there was like a cyber
cap going in cyber cab going out and the
amount of testing that they're doing.
Um, and you see it on even on, you know,
what is it? The Gigateex is um, in the
hives that they have and on that test
track, it looks like an invasion with
all this gold um, these gold cars on the
road. But with that said, it's, you
know, they are pumping these cyber cabs
out. Clearly, there's no restriction.
Um, and the biggest thing is, you know,
testing in regions. And I think that's
the biggest thing is that people forget
is Tesla has these sales and service
centers across the United States, across
even Canada.
So they can send them out there and just
do testing, right? So they have these
little hubs and I don't know how
they're, you know, picking the people
testing in these regions if they're
sending out someone from their core team
or if it's um, you know, just some of
the people that work there um locally.
But with that said, you know, uh you're
going to see these all over the place
and and I know we already are.
&gt;&gt; Well, uh that also with that Trump
administration announcing like a federal
uh mandate versus a state-to-state,
that's going to be helpful to a lot of
these companies, zuks included. So, it's
going to be pretty cool.
&gt;&gt; I don't know if that's able to force it
into those states. uh there would
probably be additional legislation
required, but fast-tracking the
framework is going to make it very easy
for smaller states that don't want to
have to do we have to set up a committee
do we have to find experts to even oh
federal framework we'll do that one and
that's kind of like what they're doing
in the EU is trying to set up a EUwide
framework that the nations can just roll
right into. Uh, so it's good to see, but
I feel like we've heard this very
announcement before and then the agency
just sat on their thumbs. Uh,
both of them. I don't know. [laughter]
Yeah. At this point, um, I I think at
this point, the way I see it is that we
need more, uh, companies doing autonomy
to get more cities lit up and okayed. I
think we also need help from the
government as well um to to push some of
these initiatives. Uh I was talking to
again a guy last night um uh from the
from the test team and just seeing like
you know we're watching Florida and
Texas light up all these and you know in
California you would assume that you
know we'd get some cities lit up but um
we were just kind of low-key talking
about the Tesla hate here. Um, and this
is one thing I got confirmed was that
Tesla's not part of the the Newsome um
EV credit because they don't have a
headquarters in California. So, they are
excluded uh from that. So, that's why
Lucid and Riven and all those other
companies uh get that EV credit of I
think it's 3750. Um, but Tesla doesn't.
And so it really like I think I I will
say that California as much as you know
Tesla continues to prove themselves out
they are um thankfully the product sells
itself but the brand here as far from a
government standpoint is definitely not
um not completely welcomed.
&gt;&gt; So on the on the California state credit
anything under 50,000 still gets the
3750 which is most of what Tesla sells.
uh Lucid and Riven, if they were
excluded from this, their sales might go
down by 10 units each. These are
expensive vehicles, especially the
Lucid, they ain't selling any. So, as it
is, even with all the restrictions,
Tesla's going to get the overwhelming
majority of the credits. And uh Tesla
made a strategic decision to move from
California to Texas specifically to
avoid uh well a bunch of things, but one
of them was corporate taxes. California
has an 8.4%
corporate state income tax. Texas has a
0% tax. I would rather, as a
shareholder, I think I'd rather have
them enjoy a 0% corporate tax for the
state than pay 8.8% 8% more into a pool
just so that later they could get a
little bit of money out of that pool. I
think the dollars and cents make more
sense saying so even if Elon had known
in advance that this was coming. Even if
this came today, Elon would still look
at it and go, "Yeah, I'm still going to
move to Texas." So
&gt;&gt; Tesla will do, as you said, Tesla will
do just fine. They make great cars.
They're going to be selling the
majority. They're going to get most of
this uh benefit money.
&gt;&gt; You
I think um you know to kind of double
plus one on that I think that there's a
couple things going on like Tesla is
moving so many vehicles like I it's just
and and I'm sitting here in California
right we have what 30 million people
however many people we got here and even
here in the most dense population in the
world from a like um a county
perspective or from like probably per
mile right not talking about Norway um
you know that they're still moving
moving hundreds, thousands of these um
you know, they're moving hundreds of
them a weekend, if not, you know, maybe
thousands a weekend, uh here in the Bay.
Either way, uh with that said, um you
know, they're at this inflection point
where FSD is now at 55% attach rate. Um
people are truly buying these cars
because it'll drive you. I can't tell
you how many stories I'll get uh where,
you know, um people will be like, "Yeah,
I took my grandpa. You know, he he h he
he's open to driving. He's a little
cautious, but now with te his Tesla, he
he feels super confident and
comfortable. So, it's enabling like
we're just at that point now where it's
it's an already an amazing product, but
now you add on the software of the FSD,
it's just a no-brainer and people are
buying it now because of that. Um, and I
did a test drive last night. It was a
good note. They um, they said, "Hey,
before you actually get to like test
drive the whole experience, they didn't
like lock me into it." They're like, "We
want you to drive somewhere one mile on
FSD." Um, and then you could turn it off
and then experience the Model Y
performance. Uh, but that was like
literally a thing. So, I mean, they
weren't going to force me to to do it,
but I was like, "Oh, yeah. I mean,
whatever. I'm just going to press a
button, sit back." I went to Starbucks.
uh didn't go to a drink that time, but
um uh once it got there, just you know,
I was able to whip it around a couple
times and u but it is so much a part of
the experience and and the other thing
is Tesla has been wanting Sorry, I know
it's a long rant. They have been waiting
for a long time to put out a concept
store like what they have in Santana
Row. Um, I don't know if you were able
to stop by, Brian, on your way back from
the one-y year anniversary, but the
whole store is focused solely on full
self-driving and autonomy because that's
the transition that they're getting
into. It's like, "Hey guys, we're not
really selling the car anymore. We're
selling the experience of what you get
in the car." You know what I mean? It's
no longer about, you know, all the
screws and the bolts that you're buying.
It's literally like, you're going to get
into a car that is already a proven and
great product, but it's going to drive
you everywhere.
The crazy thing with FSD is you're
you're not even joking, John. If
anything, you're understating it. I did
that drive down to LA for the one-year
anniversary of the diner. No way in heck
was I doing that if I had to drive it.
Are you kidding me? And that 93year-old
gentleman you referred to. I'm sure he's
a fantastic supervisor. I'm sure he's a
very good driver in short intervals.
It's like this CEO that has retired who
just just can't I just can't do it
anymore. But you'll still bring them
back for the big project to oversee it,
to look at it, to fix it because there's
a, you know, a a Jedi mind in there.
They just are, you know, 800y old Yoda.
Maybe I took the analogy too far, but
the idea is that these are people who
are getting their their lives back.
They're getting their mobility, their
freedom. I' I've talked to too many
people now who've said, "I'm not
comfortable driving at night, but now I
am. If I only have to pay attention here
and there, I mean, I'm still watching,
but if I only have to give my full
undivided attention here and there,
&gt;&gt; no problem. Don't even care." And
increasingly, you're not paying any
you're not doing any of that
intervention because the card don't need
it. Uh, and we have seen in Q1 FSD paid
sales went up by 180,000. In Q2 it went
up another 150,000. You guys, it's free
money. You're going to get that money
in, you know, in on an ongoing basis
almost in perpetuity. And the marginal
cost of it is nothing. So that's
going to keep getting bigger.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Joe and I just did a uh a thousand
mile road trip in like 25 24 36 hours
whatever it was and I can't tell you how
much of it like you know how many times
we actually ended up having to be pu
pushed out of the road because these
semi- drivers were you know they're
probably driving thousands of miles a
day anyways and we were like literally
going out of lane because FSD was
correcting because these people were
pushing us out and they weren't driving
straight. Um, but with that said, you
know, it was just to to every
supercharger. Um, it would sometimes
adjust to, you know, because my thing is
a hog and eats a lot of kilowatts. Um,
and so, uh, kilowatt hours. And so, it's
just one of those things where you just
sit back and watch and Joe and I would
have a conversation, catch up, um, you
know, connect, um, catch up on some
social media here and there. But with
that said, it's we're supervising. We're
just watching. Um, and and it it's doing
all the work. And I don't people still
don't realize that. But again, I will
say we are at an inflection point where
that is now a thing that they are
commenting on earnings where you see it.
Go walk into a store that has traffic.
It's kind of like an Apple store versus
a Sony or some of these other stores.
There's people in there. They're
buzzing. They're talking about this.
Again, I'm in the most dense area and
it's busy. It's It's just crazy. You
know, you would think, okay, you know,
we sold to everyone. Nope.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. No.
&gt;&gt; Well, you did sell to everyone, but you
got new toys. Can I see them?
&gt;&gt; And that's the reality. Everyone knows
what's at an Apple store, but people
still go.
&gt;&gt; That's facts.
&gt;&gt; Facts.
&gt;&gt; But yeah, no, the the uh the way that
the rate of people buying cars just
because they don't want to drive
anymore, it's that's such a crazy thing
to think about. Like there are so many
people that I I see like on Instagram or
whatever on X post that they had to get
it because it drives itself and they
don't have to really worry about it
especially like like you were saying
like the nighttime driving. So
&gt;&gt; all right Joe tell us a little bit about
&gt;&gt; Europe safer. Yeah this is crazy. Tesla
Europe, Middle East, Africa, uh the
Tesla page. In the last four months, FSD
supervised has been over 5.2 times safer
than manual driving across 65 million
kilometers in five EU countries. And I
mean I mean we know this because you
know we use it all the time and we know
it's safer like what we were saying like
swerving out of the lanes for for semis
that aren't on FSD and all that type of
stuff and I mean it just makes the roads
safer and you see it and the numbers
show it. So that that's and I think it's
it's got to come to that point, right,
Brian? To where it's like if you're not
licensing FSD from somebody, then you're
just being unsafe as a as a OEM.
&gt;&gt; You're being irresponsible, I would say.
Uh but I we know that Tesla would be
happy to license it to you if you are
serious. I don't want to put it on 5,000
Cadillacs. That doesn't make sense. The
engineering cost is too high for so
little [snorts] reward. No, I want a
real commitment. I want you to put it on
all your cars or have I mean some
substantial number. It feels and the
problem is if they said people everybody
needs to partner, they would just do the
dumb partnerships with people who have
no path. If you look at who Uber is
partnering with, the answer is
everybody. If the three of us started an
AI company today, they'd partner with
us. They'd announce it. We're going to
buy 50,000 cars from uh two J's and a B.
Uh I don't know how that works, but uh
that's I'm pretty sure how Uber's
strategy is. That's how they're going to
survive. If you uh look at those
numbers, 5.2 times safer. Why not 7.4
7.6? That's what we saw in the US. And
there's two answers to that. The first
is it's a small sample size. It could be
off. But the bigger answer is they
haven't really trained for European
roads. This is basically US software
running in a foreign country. As a
tourist driving in Europe, you're still
5.2 times safer than you would be. Uh
and it's only going to get better. And
that's what we have seen is every update
is better. This is the worst it's ever
going to be. and France especially with
their big plan to restrict autonomy not
just from Tesla but from everyone
because French car makers don't have
autonomy. We have to do something to
protect our our manufacturers. Uh at
some point they'll have to admit that
that was a mistake and you know uh do
the right thing.
&gt;&gt; Facts. Yeah. I I think uh you know
Europe is a different beast. They have
five countries. I don't think I've heard
of any more lit up. Uh we need 14 to
cross the 27 or the the threshold 14 out
of 27. Um but yeah, it's just a matter
of uh data at this point. At least when
I talked to um
uh Andre about you know in when I was in
Flac Austria um at G when I stepped into
Giger Berlin that that was just their
biggest issue is just is just data. And
so this number, like I said, I don't
know how many miles they've or
kilometers in their world um they've
done, but I know that over time this
number will increase um and and should
reflect something close to the to the uh
the US specifically.
&gt;&gt; It's 40 million miles that they've done
as of this study.
&gt;&gt; Yep. Sounds good. Yeah, exactly. Says it
right there. All right. And then just to
kind of echo this FSD transition that
we're seeing FSD to become forgotten.
Some technologies become so normal that
we forget life before them. Um FSD
supervised is like that. And I think
even Ashock commented on this where you
know this should be a big deal like that
an autonomous car went from one you know
one city to you know on the west coast
to a city on the on the east coast. And
David Moss has done it three or four
times now, if not five or six. I know
Josh West, Bearded Tesla, some of these
guys have done it multiple times as
well. And do honestly, these stories
aren't getting the the love that they
should be. Um, and it's become a normal
thing. And it's going to be kind of like
do you guys It's hard like even for me,
it's I have to remember specific events
to remember, oh, what it was life like
before phones? Well, you know, cuz it's
just been we've gotten so used to that.
Same thing, you know, with the
transition to the internet and and
pagers and phones sell, you know, those
big block phones, the ones that you
would pick up with a wire still. Um,
that's what this is going to become
like, you know what I mean? It's just um
people are not going to uh remember what
it was like before.
All right, Joe, tell us about the
performance test that I expected.
&gt;&gt; [laughter]
[gasps]
&gt;&gt; Yeah. No, this is a this is pretty
pretty cool. So, they had an R2
performance with the Model Y
performance. And then you can see here
in this little distance over and under
of the EPA rated range, uh the Rivian
was 77
versus the Tesla, which ended up being
uh over the EPA rated RA range, 4.1
miles. But uh but yeah, no, it was it
was pretty crazy. Like
do you have the do you know the numbers,
Brian?
&gt;&gt; Uh well, it was I want to say 200 miles
that the R2 got maybe 205 uh on the test
&gt;&gt; because it was going
&gt;&gt; and this is at 70 m hour.
&gt;&gt; No, it was at 80 miles an hour.
&gt;&gt; 80 miles an hour
&gt;&gt; because over 55 the wind [clears throat]
really bites into your efficiency. And I
saw an awful awful lot of people on X
defending it saying, "Nobody drives 80.
There's literally nowhere in the country
you can do 80." My brother, there are
tons of places. They're everywhere. If
you road trip, this is an adventure
vehicle. It's not meant for being a, you
know, commuter car. You can use it that
way. Most people, I'd argue, will use it
that way, but the whole point of it is
adventure lifestyle. So, don't, you
know, get mad at us. We to and I saw
someone say, "Oh, it'll maybe they'll
fix it via software update." Fix what
the shape. It's the form factor that's
the problem. It looks really cool and
conventional. As a result, it's got a
ton of drag. And [clears throat] then of
course people responding, "Well, my
Tesla doesn't get anywhere near the
stated range at those speeds." I go,
"What year?" They go, "24." I go, "Well,
I mean, there you go. It was it's the
refreshes where the range got real." uh
because I have a 23 Model Y and I agree
it is really frustrating on the highway
but the 25 Model 3, the 26 Model Y,
those absolutely crush it on range as
Kyle shows.
&gt;&gt; Facts. Yeah, I think I think it's just
one of those things where you will see
the clear differences over time,
especially as they uh it'll be
interesting to even see how does the YIL
compare to this uh based on some of the
the facts that we learned about um in
some of the information that they shared
like the spoiler added 15 miles. The
drag coefficient is 216. Great, which is
better than the Model Y itself. And the
EV tire technology has also helped a
significant amount with the range. Um,
but yeah. All right. So, here's another
big feat. Um, you know, I I the way I
like to see it is what the Tesla Optimus
produced. um or I don't know if it was
Ash, it could have been Ashock, but
really they produced 10 million robots
globally. Um they hit 10 million out
outside of Fremont. It was cool. They
released a video and um it was, you
know, if you look at 6 years ago, they
hit 1 million vehicles. Um and in from
six years ago till now, they've produced
9 million more. So, um you know, huge
shout out to this team. you guys are
just killing it and uh you know super
happy uh that they were able to
celebrate this and and pause. I mean
this company is just firing on all
cylinders and uh you know what uh what a
way to celebrate this. And if you look
at this
&gt;&gt; actually this this image is being shot
in a tent.
&gt;&gt; So this is in the Model Y or the
infamous Model 3 tent that literally is
the thing that took the company from red
to black. it was the only way that they
would be able to scale. And so, um, you
know, after the marriage happens between
the the frame and the the uh the
battery, it goes into this tent to be
completely assembled. So, pretty pretty
wild. Um, and this tent has a lot of it,
it kind of at this point feels more like
a building, but it truly is a tent. um
you know in every um not well it's it's
built definitely like a lot sturdier
than it was when it was
&gt;&gt; monster I mean it's got a foundation in
everything
&gt;&gt; yeah exactly but this was the way that
they were able to pass a bunch of
permitting back in 2018 to get past the
production hell so um yeah cool
milestone
&gt;&gt; it's not a tent it's a sprung structure
Marie
&gt;&gt; how did you know how did you
&gt;&gt; [laughter]
&gt;&gt; All right, Joe, tell us about LF LFP.
&gt;&gt; LFP mega packs are now shipping. This is
actually a really cool milestone for uh
I mean Tesla just like I we say this all
the time, but right now in history like
they are just firing like everything
like like man simultaneously. Anyway,
our first mega packs made with made in
America LFP sales are on their way to a
customer. These domestic sales are
manufactured at our facility in Sparks,
Nevada, and integrated into mega packs
from our mega pack factory in
California. This is a significant
milestone for domestic sale
manufacturing and energy security.
&gt;&gt; It's huge because Tesla can use their
own lithium. They are building the cells
themselves, which means they get the
manufacturers's credit for cell
manufacturing and pack assembly. That is
45 bucks a kilowatt, I think. So, a mega
pack can produce, you know, an absolute
ton of uh somebody will have to do the
math for me, but a ton of money in terms
of production credit. And it derisks the
supply chain. This will never take over.
It's only 10 gatt hours a year, but I
have a sneaking suspicion they are using
this facility to figure out how to make
them better, quicker, cheaper
themselves. Uh, and we'll see that
happen. But this is a win on all fronts.
A win on all fronts for sure. Um, like I
I will say it's it's crazy too. Um, like
to just where Tesla is now when you
think of all of the buildings. Like I I
used to be able to like list off every
single building, you know, that I knew
that they were like essentially creating
right now. They're at a point now where
they're all over Texas. Um, you know,
I've I've pretty much like lost track.
Like obviously I know they're doing like
lithium refinery, uh, mega factory, but
there's so many additional buildings.
The Optimus building now. I mean, it's
just you you can't um you literally
can't keep up anymore. Um you know, we
have people that are droning in
different locations like Tagmire in in
Austin, but then you have people like um
uh Essie Robinson in um in Houston and
he's going to the all of the mega
factories and the lithium refiners and
droning over that. But it's gotten to
the point now where they are just um
creating at a pace now where it's just
it's hard to even remember all the
places. But um you know [clears throat]
they're they're cooking as always. So
Jo, sorry. I'll pass this one back to
you because I know this one hits
different for you. So but um [laughter]
&gt;&gt; yes. So uh Tesla has announced that the
Cybertruck BCS issue is resolved and
it's about time. This is the 2026 uh
vehicles are seemingly fine, but what
they've noticed here is that the pre2026
Cybert trucks
did not meet their reliability standards
and have made design changes to address
newer vehicles. So, the PCS failure was
like a known issue and it this wasn't
like one of those things where it was it
wasn't 100% of the vehicles 100% of the
time, right? So it was like it was
whisper
amongst the owners who knew and if they
were having it or whatever. I mean Tesla
would fix it rather quickly. I think
like within a day or two. Like mine was
fixed like within like I think it was
like literally 24 hours. Like I I I got
my truck back. But uh still for those
people, the big news here is that for
people like me who was one of the first
to have to pay out of pocket for it,
like you're going to be getting
reimbursed and and that's just a a major
win Tesla making it right. And it took a
little longer than I'm sure a lot of
people would have liked. Even when this
was happening and I was paying for it, I
was like I was like, "Come on." Like
come on, man. you're there's no way
you're really making me pay for this.
&gt;&gt; I mean, they have it at 90,000 miles, so
I was out of warranty, but yeah,
&gt;&gt; that Yeah, that's the thing. This is um
in my opinion, this is one of those
clear issues with the truck that is just
known. People like Teslatino, I mean, I
know he got he got some help at least
when he did, but this is not this is
several thousands of dollars, right?
This is kind of like um and what makes
it worse is it was a known issue, right?
Um, it happened on my first Foundation
series, thankfully under warranty. Um, I
don't believe it's happened on this this
version, even though mine is a pre2026,
so at least it'll be covered. Uh,
whenever it decides to go out, I will
confirm to you, Joe, that they can turn
the PCS um around in 24 hours. They
That's like a thing and a stat that
they're calling out now. Uh, when I was
at the store yesterday, they were
talking about that uh at the service
center. So, it is um it is one of those
things I'm glad they're making good.
Glad better late than ever. Um and I
think this is a a unfortunately a common
issue, right? So, um
&gt;&gt; yeah, it it was h it was happening more
frequently than not. And I mean, uh for
those who knew, I I personally knew like
seven people who had it, but I mean
there was like what tens of thousands of
trucks that were sold, but uh still it
was just one of those one of those
things. So, I like the fact that they've
now extended the warranty to eight
years, 150,000 miles for those uh
foundation series owners. This should be
for all Cybert trucks, but they still
made it like I think over 70 70,000
miles for the um for the people that
were after 2026, which is it's still a
long time. I have I'm approaching
130,000 miles on my on my truck, and uh
the one person who's ahead of me is at
140,000 mi on his. So, these trucks are
going to last a long time. Nobody's
going to stress test them the way we
have in the two years that we've owned
put this many miles on them. So, I think
uh it's it's good good for the brand.
It's good for the truck. And for people
that might have been on a fence if they
were on fear about getting it, this
helps quell a lot of those fear.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. I mean, I I can't tell you how
many uh you know, when I'm doom
scrolling, I see these videos of like,
you know, F-150 transmissions going out
and uh you know, they won't do anything
to help. And um but I think in this
case, right, this is you know, obviously
the Cybertruck is a newer vehicle um in
general, but I'm glad they've listened
to the feedback. I know a lot like
literally Joe, you and Teslatino are two
people I can think of who had to pay out
of pocket because you guys blazed
through those 50,000 miles like in the
first week. And so, um, it's good that
they're making this good.
&gt;&gt; All right,
&gt;&gt; Brian, did you have anything to say on
&gt;&gt; Um, I I had made a video with a
gentleman, the Red Review, uh, out of
Atlanta. He's he was having problems
with his and, uh, I got a lot of people
calling us Tesla haters. How dare you
cover this, guys. It's reality. I cannot
tell you how many times I've been
screamed at by by people only to later
have Tesla come out and say the same
thing I said. Uh please uh be patient
with everyone. Consider what could be
reality. That's all.
&gt;&gt; I mean, well, the truth of the matter is
not everything is going to be bubbles
and rainbows for every company. Tesla's
one of those companies. They just happen
to have a lot more bubbles and rainbows
than most, but they they still have
those those areas of contention and
areas where they can improve and get
better and and they're working on those
things. And this is one of them. I mean,
just just uh them realizing this, I
mean, later than what a lot of people
would have liked to them to realize, I'm
sure, but still they they're making it
right and they're helping uh bring back
the money for those people from before.
But I've said this before and it's
always been like something I say the the
thing about Tesla their one Achilles
heel is service and it's they we just
showed 10 million vehicles. They do not
have the service centers for that amount
of vehicles that they have on the road
and that's just a sad fact. So that's
just one of their things that doesn't
fall into bubbles and rainbows category
for Tesla
&gt;&gt; facts. The one thing I'll say that
they've really helped with that that
side of the automation because I think a
lot of times the the bottleneck was like
I'm hearing this sound or uh you know
these like small questions end up
turning into service points appointments
for no reason with AI and being able to
integrate I believe maybe on the back
end it's Grock I don't know. Um, but
being able to have that integration
really helps you kind of pinpoint what
the problem is to not only get the right
diagnosis, but to kind of like also kind
of proof test. Um, so I think that
that's helped kind of like start to move
things along as well.
All right, so with that said, let's just
end uh this week with the upbeat. Uh,
there was a Grock voice thing, but we'll
we'll pass over that this week. Uh, all
right, Brian, we're going to hit you.
Volvo is going to Tesla.
&gt;&gt; Come on, man. What are we doing at this
point? So, look, I know we made a video
with Mark Robber saying that this is
critical and amazing and the best thing
ever, but it turns out that company was
a fraud. Mark Robber was kind of a
fraud. And uh we're just going to we're
just not going to use the LAR anymore.
If your car has it, good news. It will
always have it. It can't be removed. It
it is part of the system and it will
never be used. Vision only is an
approach that companies are increasingly
moving toward because it works. So, uh,
good job Volvo catching up with the
early 2020s. I guess better late than
never.
&gt;&gt; Elon can't keep getting away with this.
&gt;&gt; How dare he? The absolute nerve of him
to be right again.
Again. All right, Joe. NASA, we need
SpaceX.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, this is a pretty cool interview.
Uh Jared Isaacman had mentioned that if
if SpaceX says it can be done, the best
thing to do is literally not doubt Elon
is what he was saying. Like if if
they're going to build data centers in
space, trust them and they will be
needed, of course. But uh the I hear
from Sawyer Merritt the FAA is proposing
changes for the commercial space
industry that would streamline licensing
for rocket launches so that all the
regulations and stuff that the checks
and things you have to do to get a
rocket back up and running according to
uh the FAA that's going to they're going
to streamline that process as well. So
rapid reusable rockets are going to be a
thing.
&gt;&gt; They have to they have to revise it.
that system was put in place to handle
dozens of launches per year, not
hundreds, not thousands. It's overdue.
Uh, and yeah, let them I don't know if
data centers in space will work. I'm not
convinced. I don't have to be. It's not
up to me. And honestly, it's not up to
Elon. It's up to the accountants who
will say whether or not it works. A and
if you hate the guy and you know that
this is a terrible idea, you should tell
him to do it because if it's not going
to work, go on Elon, do it. Do the
thing. If if you're not doing that, then
you're not even a good hater.
&gt;&gt; Well, you're seeing it now. Um you know,
the amount of these cities that are
telling um you know, these big
corporations to take their money
elsewhere because of the energy suck and
the water that it'll take. Um, and so
and I've even seen here in the Bay Area
two different like like I think there
was an Amazon facility going up in uh in
Gilroy and people found out after the
fact cuz technically they don't need you
know um the community approval I think
there at least in the Gilroy area. So
but people were starting to protest
after and Amazon still did the right
thing and met with them and all this
other stuff but it had already been
proved by you know city officials. But I
can't tell you every morning I feel like
at least once a week I'm opening up a
headline. We don't want data centers. We
don't want and okay, great. You don't
want it. It's going to be up in space.
It's going to be cheaper. They're not
going to deal with some aliens that are
going to sit there and complain about
them. Um, and stuff like that. But with
that said, it's uh just one of those
things where um if if people are going
to be so resistant here, they then uh
the only other expected place to take
them is either put them um in space or
don't have them.
All right, Brian, this one is to you.
Victron owns superchargers.
&gt;&gt; Okay, so let's see. This is uh we heard
about this launching year and a half
ago, I guess, maybe a year ago, where
you can buy your own superchargers. You
can own them. Uh I met with a CEO of a
company in Florida who was the first
company licensed to do this. uh they had
a history of installing destination
chargers at hotels. So they were an
obvious uh first choice for Tesla to
work with. And yeah, if you if you want
not destination chargers, not level two,
if you want a real supercharger at your
location and you want to mark it up a
little bit, you can do that. Even a dime
uh would not break the bank. It would
get a lot of people to your location and
you can not hope that something good
happens. you can make the something good
happen.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, there was a there was a a post
earlier that uh Costco had went with
Electrify America
and the the charging pricing was
astronomical. It's like why didn't you
just use Tesla? I mean, like you said,
you could have raised it 10 cents and it
still would have been okay and and
people would still want to use it. But
like uh I don't know the the uptime for
Tesla versus everyone else is also an a
thing like just choose the right one.
Just make better choices.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. It's very strange that Costco
hasn't partnered with Tesla. Costco
partners with everyone. I've seen uh in
Ridgefield, Washington, they're
partnered with Electrify America.
They've got their charger in there. It's
reasonably priced about Tesla priced.
Uh, but in terms of lowest bidder, is it
because Electrify America went in for
free and Tesla would charge them
something to go in? I don't know. There
are locations that have Tesla
superchargers, but not enough. And I
don't know, man. Do better Costco.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, Costco is the one place where you
will go for 45 minutes. You need to
charge your car. Uh, it's the one um,
you know, it's just like a it's even
more so than a Target. you will stay
there. So, even if they decide, I don't
I don't think they would even put in the
72 kilowatt, but it is one of those
places where you go, you're going to be
there, you're going to spend over $100,
you're going to be there at least 30
minutes. Um, and so it's an under served
uh customer base of Tesla owners and and
and really Costco owners would love it
as co Yeah, Costco um um you know,
shoppers.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, they they would love it.
&gt;&gt; I think they charge too quickly for
Costco's needs. I think you need I mean
&gt;&gt; but but even if they didn't see
&gt;&gt; enough
&gt;&gt; that'd be
&gt;&gt; I I think I would complain at 72 because
anyway I don't know if there's a winning
strategy there. Uh but yeah Kan is
saying minimum 55 minutes at Costco 45
minutes at Costco.
&gt;&gt; Don't want it to be too quick. What I
want to see is more Sonic
drive-throughs. Get it.
&gt;&gt; The perfect amount of time.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, that is that is crazy.
&gt;&gt; And I want level one at airports. Come
on. [laughter]
[gasps]
All right, guys. Well, with that said,
um you know, the beat 154 is over.
Thanks again. I know, uh you guys
probably are hoping for, you know, you
love that consistency every Friday
morning, so we're going to continue to
do our best. Thanks for the brevity on
some of this and thank you to even
people like um Brian for adjusting his
schedule. So, I know Matthew could not
be here this morning, but uh guys,
we're, you know, we're we're we're
bumping at almost um you know, we're
less than 3 months, if not tapping at 2
months away. Um I will say people like
Brian and um there's probably we
probably only have almost only like less
than eight influencers who are a part of
the speaking um panels this year just
because we have so many keynote
speakers, sponsor sessions, and other
things that we're doing. So, um you
know, this [clears throat] year is going
to be a little bit tighter, but I know a
lot of influencers who will be coming.
Um so, you'll still be able to see them.
We're going to be setting up meet and
greets with them, so you can still meet
your favorite um speakers and or really
influencers or content creators and um
you know, so please enjoy and come. May
of course is going to be there uh with
her new book, Timeless. Shout out to
Site View AI for again um for sponsoring
this year as the presenting sponsor. Um,
and also too, if you want some tickets,
uh, I think we're down to what is like
50 now, um, left. And there they're
guys, once this is out, there's no more
there. Like, and I'm not just telling
you that to hype, but once they are
gone, they are truly gone. Um, so go to
xtakeover.com. But with that said, thank
you to Brian and Joe uh for co-hosting.
Uh, Joe for creating the deck. I know he
um had a long week for some a couple
things he had going on. Um and with that
said, we will catch you guys on the next
one and have a great weekend everyone.