Channel:     futureaza
Title:       Tesla Semi Faces A Brutal New Reality | OEVA 2026
URL:         https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=g6IU3nojunk
Published:   2026-04-12 12:00 UTC
Fetched:     2026-04-12 13:00 UTC

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Howdy everybody.
&gt;&gt; Hey Brian.
&gt;&gt; Uh for those who don't know me, I'm
Brian. I'm the host of Futurazza. I run
a YouTube channel. Five and a half years
now. Thousands of videos. Little bit of
work. Uh I want to say a huge thanks
first of all to the Daimler folks for
letting us use their space. Incredibly
gracious. That is amazing. Can't do it
without you. So the EC Cascadia, what is
it? So it's an electric semi obviously
class 8 truck. the big rig. That means
it's uh you know the the usual 80,000
pound kind of truck. It's electric. You
get 82,000 pounds instead. Little extra
leeway because it's an emerging
technology and the regulators had the
presence of mind to recognize it's going
to be a little heavier. So this is built
on the Cascadia platform that's new from
2007. Cascadia was designed for a new
generation of efficiency, better air
resistance, better, you know,
coefficient of drag, better everything.
It's got safety features on it. It's got
lane departure. It's got traffic aware
cruise control. It's got the ability to
track up to 40 objects, pedestrians,
cyclists, vehicles around. It makes it
just safer.
And unlike some of their competitors,
that's free. that's included in the
price because they put a lot of money
into it. Might as well use it. Uh now,
this is an electrified version of that.
So, it's going to look the same on the
outside. It's going to have, you know,
more real estate under the hood than it
probably needs, but it's cheaper than
making a whole new truck. So, uh the
history of it is in 2019,
yes, they put the first two out. So,
they were probably developing it. I have
to guess because that's something behind
the curtain. I can't see that. Probably
develop started development 2015 to
2017. 2019 they had the first two out
there. Port of Long Beach and uh Penske
Trucking in California. Those are two
good clients who have nice short routes
that can test these. By 2020, they had
dozens out with different customers. By
21 they had 100 plus out. By 22 they
were in actual serial production still
low volume getting uh a 100 different
customers using it. By 25 they had one
client alone Schneider that had a 100
trucks of their own 10 million miles
logged. So this is pretty familiar stuff
for them. That's the truck itself. Let's
talk about the specs because that's the
important question, right? So, it can be
had in a uh single axle powered
configuration or a tandem axle powered
configuration.
The horsepower might sound a little low.
It's in the what would that be? 320 to
470 range depending on the battery and
the drive, but the torque is where it
wins. What do you think is a good amount
of torque? How many foot-p pounds of
torque should we be thinking about?
Got us. You got it.
&gt;&gt; Couple thousand.
&gt;&gt; So, 11,500 lb of torque. I double
checked. I checked three sources for the
single axle. 23,000 lb of foot-p pounds
of torque for the tandem.
&gt;&gt; That's a little bit a little bit of
pushing power. So, while the horsepower
looks quite low, it's got all the juice
it needs to get you up the hill and
over.
&gt;&gt; How does that compare to a contemporary
&gt;&gt; on the torque? I couldn't tell you. I'm
the electric guy. I'm the electric guy.
I can't help you there. But it all of
these electric trucks that we're seeing
have I mean, it's an electric
drivetrain. You guys know better than
anyone how amazing that is.
&gt;&gt; Liter diesel engine got about 3,000 lb
torque.
&gt;&gt; 3,000 lbs of torque is still very good,
but if a diesel's that's that sounds
like a reasonable limit for a diesel.
Battery size is the next big question
everyone wants to know.
291 kilwatt hours up to 438 kilwatt
hours. So the range is going to be kind
of short. You're talking 155 to like 150
to like 230. And again, it depends on
the configuration. So it is a shorter
range, but when you look at the size of
the battery, that kind of makes sense.
The battery, the biggest battery is only
is less than twice the size of a Hummer
battery, which is pretty insulting to GM
because [laughter]
surely they could have done better, but
they didn't on the that's going to give
you pretty decent range.
It's not going to get you cross country.
It's not really for cross country. Now,
it is a Cascadia, so you can get it with
a sleeper cab if you want to sleep in, I
don't know, maybe Vancouver, but you can
get it. It's It's a Cascadia. Whatever's
on Cascadia, I imagine you can get. So,
uh, on specs, what else do we need to
know? Charging. So since this went into
pilot production in 2019 and they've got
the largest semi-truck charging network,
what they have is the standard that was
available at the time, which for trucks
there was none. So they used CCS1.
So if you plug in a CCS1, you're going
to get like 180 kilowatts,
but you can plug in a second one, get
that up to like 270, 280. So, you can
get up to like 280 kilowatts of of juice
with two handles, which should get you
10 to 80% in 90 minutes. So,
&gt;&gt; it's pretty good. With trucking, your
customer knows what they need. If it's
not going to fit, they just know that
they'll just go with a diesel. But if it
does fit,
there was a study out of can Canada that
looked at the total cost of ownership of
an EC Cascadia versus a Cascadia and
found that you save
170,000
167,000 over six years in fuel and
maintenance.
I think you're going to have the truck
longer than six years is is my guess. Uh
especially if you're running short
routes. These are perfect for you know
port to warehouse for regional
transport. That's why they did Penske
and the Port of Long Beach. So on the
let's see on the batteries the chemistry
is NMC. So that's the nickel metal
cobalt nickel manganese cobalt. Lot of
punch for the weight. Uh they're made by
CL out of China. So they do have the 25%
tariff. It's possible. It's possible,
though my research couldn't turn it up,
that there's enough uh sales going out
that there could be a tariff drawback,
but I couldn't find any evidence that
there was. But they are working on
domesticating battery production in
Mississippi
with a joint venture. They're building
their own battery plant, joint venture
with Cumins, Packar, and Freightlininer.
So that's you know that would be a lot
of demand for a specific use of cell.
&gt;&gt; Do you have any idea
um what the life of one of these
batteries for these trucks?
&gt;&gt; So CL makes very good batteries. They
are the largest battery manufacturer in
the world by a lot. They make more than
all the other companies combined.
But I don't know much about their NMC
batteries. I've only ever looked at
their LFP batteries. It's reasonable to
assume that the battery will last kind
of forever, maybe 500,000 miles, but
that you may get range degradation,
especially if you're charging to a 100.
So,
probably too soon to know for sure. But
if you look again at Schneider, 100
trucks, 10 million miles, that's over a
100,000 mile average. They're starting
to see what it's what it's capable of. I
don't [clears throat] know how to get an
answer out of them. I haven't tried.
Well, the price of course. Uh it is not
published. That is true of all the big
truck makers. In 2025, the average truck
uh cost of a class 8 electric truck
industrywide was 411,000.
If you wish to buy one, you can go to a
dealer, negotiate.
You could probably call and they'd tell
you who to talk to, but it's going to
depend on how many you want, what con I
mean, there's a lot of variables. The
resources I found are suggesting 400 to
500,000.
You're going to save that $160 grand
over six years, but also like in New
York, there's a $185,000
incentive to electrify your your big
rigs. There's not very many of those.
They go quick, but if you can get in on
one, it makes sense. And on uh in
California, they've got a similar
program. It's bigger. It doesn't go
quite as quick, but it also goes quick.
120,000 for over the road trucking.
150,000 if it's a dreage truck. For
those who don't know, dreage just means
it originates or terminates at the port.
Because think about those port trucks.
They're sitting in a city idling
sometimes for hours. This is terrible.
You don't want this in your community.
And especially if it's California, that
nasty air is stuck. It's not going west
or going east.
&gt;&gt; Tom,
&gt;&gt; so maybe this is a Diego question, but
looking at the price of the electric one
versus the diesel one,
&gt;&gt; is there a big
&gt;&gt; substantial double two to three times as
much? And I don't know specifics. I
don't know exactly what they're selling
for, but it's substantial.
&gt;&gt; You're you're pretty spot on on the sale
of the Cascadia.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; Diesel
&gt;&gt; Cascadia goes for
120,000 for dayc
180 for sleeper.
Um and just to clarify, E Cascadia only
comes in a day.
&gt;&gt; Okay. Thank you for that. So, yeah.
&gt;&gt; Yes. Is it a hard sale for like a person
that's looking at that big of a price
jump or
&gt;&gt; Oh, yes.
&gt;&gt; You're highly reliant on.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. If you could get that 120 150 off
and then count on those savings, then
you're only at parody after seven, eight
years, which is a tough sell. And
without it, [sighs] I don't know, man.
&gt;&gt; Do they have a projection of when kind
of level
eight years
&gt;&gt; physically if you can sell one for about
300,000
compete with the diesel.
&gt;&gt; So so for those who couldn't hear the
question was when is that when are the
prices going to converge and part of the
answer is diesel trucks are never
getting cheaper. Electric trucks are
getting cheaper all the time.
domesticating the battery manufacturing
will help uh in part because it won't
have the tariffs, it won't have the
shipping, it won't have the time delay.
Time is money and it will qualify for
battery manufacturing incentives uh at
two different levels. So that will all
help. Um and yeah, I I think at about
300,000 it becomes a lot easier to sell.
So, one question I've been asked because
I did a light version of this on my
channel the other day was, "Who on earth
would buy this if there's a Tesla Semi?"
And my first answer is, "I is there?"
Cuz if if you want to buy a Tesla Semi,
uh,
first you need a time machine to go back
and then you need one to go forward
because very few customers have gotten
them. Uh if all of your everything you
have is already Cascadia, this is
another Cascadia. Just slot it in to
that spot. And the weight is something I
didn't mention. The weight on these is
anywhere from 16,500,
which is very competitive with diesel,
up to 21,800.
So, it is real uh it is for each level
about 3,000 lbs lighter than the Tesla
Semi. And because you get the 82,000
weight limit on this truck, you could
carry 2 to 3,000 lbs more than you could
with a Tesla or a diesel, depending on
the configuration. So, those are three
big advantages today. Now, Tesla will
eventually make the semi.
We are confident.
We're patient, but we're confident they
will. They're promising to be cheaper.
We've seen early grant applications in
California that make them look like
they're going to be in the 240 to 260
range, but that's the early ones. We
don't know if those are loss leaders. We
don't know what they're doing. And we
can see that they've got billions in
capex they need to start depreciating,
start paying for with these trucks. So
Tesla's plan is huge volume.
Will it happen? We'll see. But if you
want to know who's ahead today, it's the
people who actually have a truck you can
buy. And uh between the Freightlininer
trucks and the Mercedes trucks, which is
the same engineering,
they're at tens of thousands of units is
is worldwide. Worldwide. Not a lot of
them are here. But if you were to look
at the the Freight Liner, the EC
Cascadia, and compare it to say a Volvo
class 8, I honestly don't know how you
pick. They're they're very comparable.
But how do they pick on diesel? I
imagine diesel trucks are priced about
the same and speced about the same. So
with this companies have an opportunity
to get a big early advantage and I think
that's why they started pushing so early
to actually have prototypes out for
testing by 2019.
The one place that
they will improve is volume. Volume
brings down prices. the batteries going
into domestic production will bring down
prices, but really just the maturing of
the tech will do it as well. And then
hopefully they can trim the weight some
more, maybe add more range without it
breaking the bank or going to a weight
that is unacceptable.
So there's a lot of engineering left to
be done. Yes,
&gt;&gt; I've [clears throat] seen little video
shorts about electric sector trailers
going up
significant grades. Yes. On the highway
&gt;&gt; and passing lots of diesel trucks as
they do have.
&gt;&gt; Yes.
&gt;&gt; Said that there's a
&gt;&gt; not the need to gear down to lower
ratios to pull significant heels. So
it's making it nice for the drivers to
kind of maintain near speed limits.
&gt;&gt; Yes. So, the comment was that uh
electric big rigs can actually climb
hills where diesel big rigs got a gear
way down and be patient. And he's seen
videos of people who have who have
captured electric semis passing diesel
semiis on the road. And there's the
that's all the electric torque. That's
the just the sheer power of it. And the
beauty is when you get to the top and go
down, you regenerate your power. You get
to the bottom of the hill with more
power than you started with. You didn't
convert that excess energy into brake
dust. So, the air is better, not just
from the emissions, but from the brake
dust. You're regaining energy that the
other guys are just throwing away in
heat. And uh and no more Jake breaks
because I don't know if I just saying
that I can hear it howling in my head.
&gt;&gt; The sound of safety.
&gt;&gt; Well, yes, Glenn. plan uh to change over
to the MCS connector. Could I imagine
that's the limiting factor with CCS?
&gt;&gt; I I don't know. I suspect that that
Okay, so the answer is yes on that. It's
difficult because they char built that
charging network so early and now they
have to revisit and it's not just
changing the plug. You can do that
&gt;&gt; but now is it cooled? Is it the
transformer? Is it all the way back to
the substation? because we're talking a
lot of juice. [snorts] So, thank you for
that information.
&gt;&gt; Is the percentage of
vehicles that travel just 120
miles a day as opposed to long?
&gt;&gt; Yeah. What percentage is that?
&gt;&gt; I I have no So, the question was what
percentage of vehicles only go 100 150
miles under 200 a day? And I do not know
the answer to that. Anybody? probably
100% of the draage ones.
&gt;&gt; I would say that's uh 100% accurate is
if you're coming from the port and what
percentage I mean all goods, not all but
n 80% of goods start at the port. So
yeah, but I I don't know on that.
There's a there's another benefit to
electric is that a lot of older drivers
because of how the diesel regulates.
Once they get driving an electric, they
they don't want to go back because it's
just like driving a car.
&gt;&gt; That's so driving an electric semi is a
lot like driving a car. And when you're
talking about gearing down, it doesn't
gear down. There's one gear. There are
some companies I think Volvo might have
a two-speed, but it's still an
automatic. Um, it's just easy. As it's
been explained to me by the people
who've driven these kinds of of of
semis, it's as it's as easy as driving a
U-Haul.
I don't know if that's a good thing. It
sounds like a good thing. I mean, I've
driven big U-Hauls. They're very easy as
long as you're aware of your size and
space.
&gt;&gt; Out by the end of the day.
&gt;&gt; Yes. And that's Oh, so on the safety
features, another thing the EC Cascadia
has is on the traffic aware cruise
control. It lane centers, it distances,
and it hold and it will hold control all
the way down to zero, which is
&gt;&gt; that's a big safety factor.
You had a question. Well, I was just
wondering, you know, when you go by
these big warehouses and there's all
these trucks that are backed into all
the bays, you know, around the Amazon
places and stuff.
&gt;&gt; Uh, that seems like a natural place to
put chargers.
&gt;&gt; So, they're sitting there anyways.
&gt;&gt; Why waste extra time on the road when
you are already waiting to be unloaded
and loaded?
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; So, there could be like a freight liner
supercharger network in the where around
the warehouses, you know.
&gt;&gt; It depends. Some factories just drop
some warehouses just drop the trailer
and and get out. But a lot of them
don't. A lot of them are there for the
duration of the of the of the emptying.
And so on those there are already
factories or warehouse I'm not sure
which facilities where they do have a
line that can run out to the truck.
&gt;&gt; I've seen people say, "Well, just put up
stalls." You're going to knock them
over. Or they say, "Oh, put an inductive
charging pad." It's like, do you It's
hard enough to line up the trailer. You
want me to line up the tractor, too? No,
that's too complicated. A long line
isn't great for holding your voltage,
but it can be done, and in some places
it is.
&gt;&gt; One thing to be considered on that, I've
heard that concept, too, but that's one
difference between commercial and
passenger cars. A commercial vehicle,
you support me if this is accurate or
not. A commercial vehicle is making
money if it's moving. So actually when
you do see them parked at the
warehouses, that driver wants that thing
emptied so he can get onto his next trip
as quick as possible. So the concept,
yes, makes sense. But if that driver
[clears throat] has his brothers, he's
there for the absolute minimum amount of
time until that trailer's emptied, then
he's driving, and that's a can be
hopefully a very short amount of time
for him. So it doesn't have a lot of
time for charging,
&gt;&gt; right? So uh but you're the idea makes
sense but understanding the difference
between commercial vehicle you know
management versus us passenger car guys
they don't want to be sitting they want
to be moving
&gt;&gt; creates a challenge from putting it
there
&gt;&gt; right
&gt;&gt; yeah so like I I work for a school
district and in our warehouse operation
um dock times when when a trucker calls
for a dock time to make a delivery
they're in half hour increments we
expect him gone in less than 30 minutes
from when he backs onto that dock.
&gt;&gt; So, you need a megawatt charger there.
&gt;&gt; Well, that's so so that's the the thing
is these charging speeds are very slow.
They're not limited probably by the
battery. CL makes very advanced
batteries.
&gt;&gt; Charge back.
&gt;&gt; They will. Uh but I don't expect
Freightlininer to re-engineer for the
new CL battery when they've got their
own batteries coming expected in 27.
&gt;&gt; The other the other thing is this. I
already have a 2-year wait time to get
an additional transformer
delivery from a pole transformer into my
warehouse to add two electric forklifts
&gt;&gt; to my warehouse because I have tapped
out my warehouse electrical supply.
&gt;&gt; I need to be able to charge my
forklifts, right?
&gt;&gt; Um Yeah. Now, you want me to charge a
truck, too?
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Um I'm not going to be happy with
that. Not sure.
&gt;&gt; So the one of the questions on fast
charging is is where are we going to get
the transformers? And some good news on
that is they're coming. Uh there are
several companies working on getting the
supply of transformers back up to speed.
In other countries, in China, in India,
there is no transformer shortage. There
has never been a transformer shortage
because they had just started building
up their electrical system and they
never got to a plateau the way the US
did, the way Europe did. So they they
were like, "Oh, we'll just keep ramping
forever." And that's what they've done
successfully. So I imagine much faster
charging is something we will see soon
because 90 minutes is a big ask.
30 minutes is not a big ask to get to
from 10 to 80 or 5 to 80 or even 20 to
80. Past 80, of course, it slows down
dramatically.
So, and that'll get you another well,
you know, depends on your range, but get
you to your next stop. And again, with
logistics, these companies all know what
their routes are. They all know what
their expectations are. And if it
doesn't fit, they won't use it. But if
they can save especially a lot of trucks
can charge overnight when in a lot of
places the power is half a third a
quarter of what it is during the day. So
that can add another layer of benefit.
Ron [clears throat]
&gt;&gt; Brian
is the lead on charging I believe.
So do you have any questions you'd like
to ask him while you've got him here?
Is the faster charging waiting for the
new batteries?
&gt;&gt; Uh, no.
&gt;&gt; Okay. So, faster charging is coming
anytime, as quick as it can.
&gt;&gt; It's coming with the next vehicle
program.
&gt;&gt; When is that?
[laughter]
&gt;&gt; Okay.
&gt;&gt; So, the qu So, the the answer we got was
faster charging is coming. It's coming
with the next vehicle in the future,
which is I understand and I appreciate
the answer. On the topic of building out
a charging network,
this is something that my director was
directly involved in.
Um, we couldn't really do it ourselves,
but like the the battery joint venture,
we started a public joint venture with
uh Next Era and Black Rockck. Um, so if
you've heard of Green Lane, um, they
built a massive, uh, site down in
Colton, California, and they have
[snorts]
40 some odd chargers,
um, beautiful place, solar canopy, um,
pull through lanes,
and yeah, they have a bunch of our
chargers and Alpatronics.
Um, they have plans to add MCS to that
site. Um, and they're actively looking
at new sites with MCS.
&gt;&gt; How did I do on my presentation?
&gt;&gt; Pretty darn good. [laughter]
&gt;&gt; Thank you. Thank you. Yeah. Uh, yes. Did
Did you have a question?
&gt;&gt; No.
&gt;&gt; Oh,
&gt;&gt; okay. One more question.
&gt;&gt; Yes.
So, the price of the truck, um, would it
come down if you started from scratch
instead of trying to retrofit an old
diesel powered truck and just started
with like an electric, you know,
groundup electric vehicle for trucking?
&gt;&gt; Well, couldn't it be built cheaper that
way if you got into like a mass
production thing?
&gt;&gt; So, the short answer on that is always
going to be yes because that's what all
the country companies in China are
doing. That's what Tesla's done. Um, but
when you've got an existing product,
it's hard not to use it. And it's okay,
honestly, it's okay to have a more
expensive vehicle that's not a first
principles design if it's what gets you
the competencies to get into production
on something that is bespoke, that is
purpose-built for that. Um,
&gt;&gt; they got to market a lot faster. Sorry.
&gt;&gt; They got to they got to market
a better truck's going to come along and
eat their lunch.
&gt;&gt; It is entirely possible.
&gt;&gt; But we don't know what they're working
on.
&gt;&gt; The next truck that they come out could
be also could be cheaper.
&gt;&gt; And they and they know what the
competition landscape looks like. The
other the other thing I'll I'll throw in
from a fleet operations standpoint from
from the school district side is
if if you're asking me to stock an
entire chassis support line of parts
that's only for five electric trucks and
I have 150 diesel trucks that I also
have to stock parts for. I now have two
separate part streams. Whereas if I go
with a Cascadia chassis,
&gt;&gt; right,
&gt;&gt; you know, I don't know what the
percentage is, but I'm assuming a high
percentage of parts are interchangeable.
Some of the body parts
&gt;&gt; in terms of cab interior.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. I mean, under the hood, it's all
&gt;&gt; Yeah. But I mean like frame frame rail
components, stuff like that. So, you
know, if I if [clears throat] I've got
to go and say, "Oh, I know which which
bin do I know? It's this part. We we
have 25 of them. Go get a part. Put it
on. I can turn that truck back on the
road way quicker.
&gt;&gt; Yeah,
&gt;&gt; path is really interesting.
&gt;&gt; Oh, that is another advantage that
Cascadia has is the service centers are
wellestablished and everywhere. That's I
think pretty a pretty reasonable
assumption
and all of these companies they they I
am confident they understand the
challenges and uh and they will address
them.
What's been the
two or three top
uh reasons that this has become a
reality already?
&gt;&gt; Cost. Price. The of the cost to the
consumer to the the price of the trucks
remains prohibitively high for most
applications.
Mac Truck makes uh a body that's
commonly used for uh garbage trucks.
Now, it's an electric garbage trucks.
Rich neighborhoods love it because you
can run a garbage truck at 6:00 a.m.
without rich people complaining. Poor
people don't get to complain. So, some
neighborhoods get half million dollar
garbage trucks. Most don't. If they get
to the point where they're as cheap.
Now, in Los Angeles, I think you're
going to see the natural gas powered
trucks indefinitely because they harvest
the natural gas from the landfill. Those
trucks are juiced up for free. But
everybody else, there is an inflection
point. And that's really I don't see a
second obstacle. If the price gets low
enough,
&gt;&gt; it's over for diesel.
&gt;&gt; The payback must not be
&gt;&gt; 10 year. Can't be 10 years. Can't be 15
years. It's got to be, you know,
&gt;&gt; really. Yeah.
Okay. If you have more questions, come
grab me. Otherwise, thank you guys. And
for those watching at home, this was at
the Oregon Electric Vehicle Association.
We're having a good time here. Join us.
Uh we're a lot of fun. Thank you guys.
[applause]