Channel:     jobhakdi
Title:       Why SpaceX Stock SKYROCKETS On Cursor Acquisition
URL:         https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZphVm-t-MRo
Published:   2026-06-16 21:04 UTC
Fetched:     2026-06-16 22:00 UTC

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Today we have to talk about a very
important event that we of course
predicted that it's going to happen
within 60 days after the SpaceX IPO and
that is the allimportant acquisition of
Cursor by SpaceX. If you don't know
about it, Elon Musk paid $10 billion for
a call option for an option to actually
purchase Cursor for $60 billion and
integrate it into SpaceX. Now, why is
this so important? I made some
commentary before on that transaction
because we knew it's going to happen and
today it happened. And here is why this
is so so important. It's actually much
more important than most people think.
So, $60 billion acquisition. SpaceX buys
Cursor. What is Curser? Curser is the
world's most advanced harness. A harness
is a system that surrounds an LLM, an AI
system, a large language model, and
allows people to actually use it
effectively. And Cursa is the company in
the world that is most implemented in
Fortune 500 and other enterprise
companies, large companies. They use
Cursor. Here's the main page to do
coding. It is the world's most advanced
and most implemented coding support
system. And what is a harness? A harness
is not just an LLM. It is actually not
an LLM. It is a thing that surrounds an
LLM an agentic system. So when you type
in as a coder or programmer what you
want to do, I want to develop this
website. I want to refine this database.
I want to create a SAS system. I want to
create some enterprise platform or app
or product. Then cursor translates your
request into coding instructions and
works with the LLM to make sure the code
that comes out of that the HTML whatever
you want is actually what you want. It's
a meta system a framework a scaffold a
harness around the LLM. That is
something that turned out when we had
the leak, the enthropic leak. When we
saw the leak of Claude and saw how
enthropic actually instructs and prompts
claw to do what it does, it became clear
that the harness is more important. That
is my interpretation here, not official
dogma, but my interpretation is the
harness has become more important than
the LLM. What is an LLM? For example,
Anthropic develops frontier LLM's large
language models. Open AAI develops large
language models. Gemini is a large
language model. And Grock is a large
language model. So you can think about
it like this. This is how I depict the
future. In order to deliver in order to
deliver what SpaceX calls enterprise AI,
we can actually go to it. Look through
the presentation
of
of SpaceX here. what they call this
enormous enormous market
of enterprise applications. Okay, look
at the SpaceX presentation and they call
these enterprise applications $22.7
trillion TAM. Okay, so SpaceX says in
its presentation that it's not space
enabled solutions. It's not Starlink.
It's not Starink mobile. It is not even
AI infrastructure which is the compute.
It's not consumer subscriptions. It's
not digital advertising. It is
enterprise AI applications
that carries the crazy crazy price of
SpaceX. By the way, you know that SpaceX
is going through the roof right now.
Let's get the quote right here. Uh
SpaceX is going through the roof right
now. And the reason for that is exactly
this here. Enterprise applications. And
to get to enterprise applications, it is
very very important to get to enterprise
applications very very important that
SpaceX can deliver something like
cursor. But we have to understand what
holds cursor back. What is the problem
with cursor and why is it such a perfect
match between the two? Cursor has
enterprise penetration. Curser is the
most implemented agentic coding system
in the world. is bigger in case you
didn't know that than Anthropic in terms
of accounts and implementation. It is
bigger than Codeex by OpenAI in terms of
accounts and implementation. It has a
giant giant because it was the first of
these systems. It has a giant customer
base
and the reason it came out of fell out
of fashion a little bit after being the
hottest startup in the world last year.
The reason it fell out of fashion was
because Enthropic overtook it because
Enthropic combined multiple things.
Enthropic figured out the harness system
that curs also figured out but on top of
it enthropic also had an LLM. So,
Enthropic was able to actually do both
both it was able to do the LLM the large
language model and the harness at the
same time which gave it a tremendous
advantage over cursor and that's why it
became much hotter. It had an integrated
vertical stack. Hey, on this channel we
do something very important. We deeply
analyze, understand and predict capital,
AGI and politics. not just to beat the
markets and make a lot of money, even
though that's important, but also to
build a new society and make the future
good for all of us, the pioneers. If you
want to help me on this journey, you can
do that by doing a very simple thing,
like and subscribe. It helps me a lot.
Thank you so much for your support. And
let's get back to the video. But now
that cursor has become part of SpaceX,
things have shifted again because now
SpaceX has actually not just the two
things you need to really deliver
advanced AI. It has actually three
things. I call it the holy trinity of
enterprise AI of the digital human of
the ability to replace human workers
with something superior. And the holy
trinity is the harness.
The agentic scaffolding that tells the
LLM when you tell it to do something how
to do that and control it. The actual
LLM which is Grock for SpaceX AI. And
third, massive amounts of compute.
Because once you have the scaffold or
the harness, the surrounding prompt and
agentic coordination system, then the LM
Grock and then massive amounts of
compute with Colossus 1 and two. Don't
forget SpaceX is the biggest compute
provider for large integrated training
clusters. Once you have all three, you
can beat everyone in terms of delivery
to the customer, superior agent systems,
agentic systems, better LLMs that are
fully integrated into your scaffold and
of course the compute to have rapid
iterations to be able to train and
retrain and to be able to deliver of
course inference
to feedback the responses when people
actually type something in. So the
combination of these things makes SpaceX
now absolutely the leader in this entire
operation and that is of course very
very interesting and very very
important. Here I can show you where
SpaceX is currently.
SpaceX again up today like crazy 8.9%
even though it was a little higher. Uh
that is because the NASDAQ is a little
choppy today. So SpaceX absolutely
killing it after IPO. Look at this. 29%
up. Uh, and it was already up at 160, up
from 135. So, SpaceX is doing very, very
well. I think totally overbought and
will sell off at some point this year
and will be way below 200. That's why
I'm not buying in right now. But
strategically, SpaceX is the absolute
winner in the AI race right now. At
least positioned as an absolute winner.
And this cursor acquisition is huge. It
unlocks exactly this year. Very exciting
and my prediction would be from here on
out that Enthropic will fall behind
slowly over the next 12 months. And what
we will see is that cursor in
conjunction with new Grock iterations
that will be integrated into cursor and
custom trained to support cursor as well
as full stack integration with rapid
retraining and iterations of Grock. now
in conjunction with the cursor huge huge
customer and data background and
foundation will actually take the lead
in coding and maybe even in some other
disciplines. So in other words, we are
now perfectly positioned at SpaceX to
really go after this $22.7 trillion TM
and absolutely kill it and become the
thing that actually makes this entire
digital human theory, the digital worker
a reality. And you heard maybe about
macro heart. You maybe heard about the
digital optimus. This is all the same
thing. It's about the idea that now
SpaceX AI can deliver superior AI
solutions in the sense of digital
workers to enterprise. It has now the
lead in the most enterprise accounts
because of the cursor acquisition. It
has its foot in its little hands, little
greedy hands in the most enterprise
clients of any company in the AI space.
It has also the world's most advanced
harness. It has also a decent frontier
LLM. Not as good as OpenAI or Anthropic
right now, Grock, but now Grock has the
data, the client access, and the
alignment to harness that could make it
extremely effective very soon. And of
course, finally, the total compute
domination where SpaceX and Elon's team
shine the most because they can actually
bring these things online faster than
anyone else. And that's not even taking
into account the space AI compute that's
kicking in probably end of next year.
All in all, very good. Still not enough
to convince me to buy SpaceX, of course,
because I am all into SpaceX mentally,
but will not pull the trigger before the
stock drops. I think dramatically in the
second half of this year because it's
just overvalued right now tactically.
Actually, not overvalued. I think it's
undervalued, but it's predictable that
based on how Wall Street behaves, on
price earnings, revenue multiples, all
these kinds of things, SpaceX is
destined to drop dramatically at some
point once the buying pressure seizes.
And that is when I will move in because
I'm extremely bullish on SpaceX
long-term. I hope that was interesting.
See you very soon.