Channel:     brighterwithherbert
Title:       Tesla’s Biggest Mystery Is The Stock! Here's Why
URL:         https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eLyuAAosczU
Published:   2026-05-06 13:30 UTC
Fetched:     2026-05-06 14:00 UTC

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Tesla stock is hovering around $400
these days. And shockingly, it was at
these same levels four plus years ago
around November 2021. And yet, what
Tesla has accomplished since then is
mindboggling. Elon Mus shared yesterday
a video clip of Tobias Lek, CEO of
Shopify, who shared his deep gratitude
to Elon for all that he's built. car
self-driving, Starling communication
around the world, auto language
translation via X that allows you to
talk to anyone on the whole of planet
Earth. So, when might the stock follow?
Warren Buffett often quoted Benjamin
Graham saying, "In the short run, the
market is a voting machine. In the long
run, it's a weighing machine." I guess
the question is, how many years is a
short run? Why is Tesla stock flat over
many years? Some say it got ahead of
itself in 2021. Others say its core auto
business must be strong before the other
stories matter. Let's dig into it. We've
got Joe Bacti here with us today. He's
an economist, investor, and tech
entrepreneur. He has a YouTube channel
covering both Tesla and AGI. Check out
his website and community at
pioneerlands.org.
Welcome, Joe.
&gt;&gt; Great to be back.
&gt;&gt; No one better than you to talk about
stock. You follow it closely, both
long-term and short term. You've got a
lot of thesises. You publish them on
your channel. Um, so I want to hear your
your reaction to this because boy, in
the last four years, the stock's still
around 400. Uh, it certainly popped, you
know, to all-time highs way back then
several times, and then it keeps coming
back down. Now, in the meantime, Tesla
solved self-driving, although we're
still waiting for it to be rolled out.
So, clearly fundamentals hasn't caught
up yet. But um just starting off with
you know Elon Musk he's one of the best
people to kind of uh just what he has
accomplished for the world. Here's the
CEO of Shopify. Shopify his name is
Tobias Lek. He was on the Harry
Stubbings 20VC podcast and then I'll
play that video but um Elon said try
Tesla Starlink and auto translation
because Tobias kind of talks about how
incredible those technologies are.
simply no chance that we shouldn't be
sort of deeply deeply deeply in fact
daily thankful for what Elon is doing on
plan. Like he's so singular. I did not
touch the steering wheel of my car this
morning, right? Like I it just like
drove me. It also didn't like put uses
any gasoline. I I I don't care
particularly about this, but that's just
like [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] hell. That's cool to have
that option. And um it's also an amazing
car. So like I have a Model Y. I love
it. And by the way, that Model Y that I
I I love is like a car that is
incredibly affordable compared to the
norms of cars, right? Like um it's
better than any of the whatever [&nbsp;__&nbsp;]
like KX I could could potentially buy. I
I have no interest in those because
they're not as good at a car. Then I'm
going on a longer trip with that car. I
also put a Starlink unit into the back.
If someone else drives, I can work from
from from there. That's also Elon. And
so like and then usually I open my phone
and talk to the planet Earth
increasingly. I don't know if you're an
ex what you will seen is like you're
getting you're getting a lot of replies
from people in Japan. Turns out like uh
like just you know like hitchhiker's
guide like you know the bubblefish you
know how much how central that is to the
story. It's like just like cool you know
what the biggest just share your
thoughts good or bad system on planet
earth is eggs right now and um where the
biggest um one to n at least um biggest
follower accounts and so you know
there's no barriers anymore. you just
talk some someone someone says something
really really smart in in in uh French
or Arabic or any any other language and
I see it in my feed and like we can have
a conversation in English back and they
they see it in like like and so on and
so on so on I I I will spend the rest of
this podcast talking about the
incredible uh gifts that he's made and
of course he's captured some very small
amount like percentage point of of from
the hypothetical value that exists all
around us um he actualized like a
tremendous amount and and captured some
of this for himself cells, which he then
reuses to do more of it. And like he's
like the one man engine. I'm just like I
I I'm I'm marveling at this in in a way
that like holy [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] how cool is it that
we live in a on a in a planet where when
you go through the list of the richest
people on planet Earth, all of them have
built something and that's like
incredible.
&gt;&gt; Okay. Well, Joe, I mean, so he I Yeah,
you go down the list of the things that
Elon has accomplished. Starlink is out
there communication. You got the X. He's
talking about instant translation. So I
can I've seen feed on my feed now people
from different languages and vice versa
they can read mine South Korean Japanese
many others. So it's like this planet
earth you can talk to anybody now and
and and then Tesla of course
self-driving but yet none of them have
translated to stock price. SpaceX is
about to do it when SpaceX goes IPO it's
going to go jump and he's going to
finally see stock price go up there.
Tesla we haven't. Can you explain? Well,
first of all, we should see the big
picture, right? People look at 2021. It
was at 490 or 420, whatever it was. Um,
and since then, we have gone sideways
for five years. That is correct. We
could go into the details why it went up
so much. But I think it's important to
take a step back. In 2021 and 2020,
Model Y came online. Everyone thought
the company is bankrupt. Not me. I told
everyone in 2019. So I was prepared and
people thought it's impossible because
that was the breakthrough that turned
Tesla from a niche thing into a mass
manufacturing car company. Everyone
thought it's impossible because every
company who tried that that tried that
died in the last 80 years before some or
last 50 years. So people thought it's
impossible in 2020. It became clear no
it is possible they're scaling. Then the
stock exploded 500 600 700%. upwards
because now Wall Street factored in the
growth the market and everything. So it
went to the moon and then in 2021 after
co and all kinds of stuff people real
then the growth slowed of Tesla right
then they didn't have this explosive
growth anymore and then they got
repriced then everyone said well now
it's just a car company that is not
growing or not growing significantly or
even shrinking and it got pretty much
destroyed went back to 100 whatever 30
was at the worst point so that's what's
happening but when you take a step back
you look at the larger Tesla chart Here
I have it in front of me like September
5th, 2014.
2014 September 18 bucks 49. When you
move forward to what is this July 19th
or even here September basically exactly
five years into 2019
17 bucks. So for exactly five years that
thing went from 18 bucks to 17 bucks
over five years 2014 2019. So everyone
threw in the towel and guess what
happens one year later this thing is up
700%.
So we have seen this before five years
completely flat and down and right when
you give up it goes up like literally
700%. So well there you have it. So is
that something we can learn? Yes.
Because the market going to Buffett and
all these people. What is very important
to understand about the stock market?
The stock market hates
reasonable stock price increases or
decreases because it always wants to
understand and price in the entire
future at any point in time. It hates
it. When you have a company that is
doing well, it hates to wait. Says,
"Wait, now you're doing well. So I
project that into the infinite future,
discount everything back and say, "Well,
I want everything now." Therefore, once
I realize your growth rate changes,
something changes, your stock goes up
sevenfold because they're repricing it.
The moment it goes down, like the
software stocks now, they say, "Well,
now instead of growing 30%, you're
shrinking five, we need to cut your
market cap by 99% now because I
projected this out 2,000 years and
discard back." That's how the stock
market thinks. That's why you never have
a lean like, oh, let's see how they do.
Oh, next quarter they grow again. Let's
put up the stock a little bit. No, they
try to anticipate everything, put it,
bunch it all into the stock now. And
that's why Tesla tends to flatline for
very long periods of time because these
new things people don't believe. They
didn't believe in 2019 they can scale
cars. Then they saw, oh, they can scale
cars. They didn't wait until they make
all the money. They put it up 700%.
Now they are thinking, well Tesla can't
really do this robo taxi thing and
optimists forget about it. That's what
the market kind of thinks. And then they
say, but maybe they can do it. Let's put
a little premium. Let's make it 400.
Let's keep it flat despite the cars not
doing so great. And at the moment,
that's why I call it the inflection and
forcing function, right? At the moment
where it becomes clear that this
actually works, that you can actually
scale robo taxi, they're not going to
say, "Oh, it's 1,000 robo taxis. Let's
see if the, you know, at 2,000 we are
going to increase incrementally the
stock." No, they're going to say, "Well,
if it's 2,000 now and grew like this,
then it's going to be 20 million soon.
Discount it back. Boom. Oh, let's drive
the stock up 700%."
And then if something goes wrong,
they're going to say, "Oh, let's cut it
by 50%." Which I think is going to
happen soon. I think the stock goes up
by a lot and then it drops by not as
much but also a lot because that's how
the market works. So I just want
everyone to understand that's that's the
logic of the stock market. No one wants
to wait. Everyone wants to be smarter.
Everyone wants to discount back
everything the entire future at any
moment in time. That's why you have
these erratic jumps. And so anticipating
that is key. And that's why often the
intuition of retail or even non- retail
is wrong because the intuition says I
waited too long. I'm throwing in the
towel. And it's shocking to me when I
follow my emotions like that just for
fun sometimes how exactly you always
sell at the bottom or buy at the top.
It's like it's so precise. Sometimes I
use it like I try to trick me. It's like
oh would I sell now? Okay, then I should
buy. But it's confusing. So, it's kind
of amazing your emotions how exactly
they mirror the worst possible thing
probably because everyone else is
feeling the same thing. And so, it's
important not to think like that. You
need your models, you know, watch Joe
and Herbert. You need to be rational
about what's actually happening and not
give up at the wrongest possible moment,
which is probably right now.
&gt;&gt; Oh, wow. That was well done. Well said.
I appreciate that. Um, I wanted to show
these quotes. Everybody knows this at
this point. Benjamin Graham said this.
In the short run, the market is a voting
machine, but in the long run, it's a
weighing machine. And Warren Buffett
loved it so much he often repeated it.
And so when you listen to that, that
means that in the short run, right, you
it's a voting machine. It's it's whether
or not it's sentiment. It's based on if
it's exciting, not exciting. But really,
in the long run, it's whether or not the
company actually produces real results.
So when you said that the car company
Tesla in 2019 2020 it proved that the
Model Y is able to be produced and sold
well that's a weighing machine or
because at that point you're actually
selling a product. You're actually
seeing it impact earnings per earnings
growth every quarter. We've not seen
that in the last four years. So it's
really been a voting machine. It's about
the sentiment. There's stories. This is
a growth company. We have stories of
what's going to happen when a growth and
these stories some people overestimated
when it might come and so they you know
they got all excited but then that's why
the stock keeps going up and down but
really today but one of the arguments
I've had tell me what you think about
this but is that for a for a growth
company who is built on stories of new
inventions about to come they it's
really important that their core
business in this case it's auto has to
be doing well. If the core business is
doing poorly, no matter how good your
story is, that gets deflated until of
course it turns into real earnings. So
in the last four years, the story has
been story has been but you know the
fundamentals has been that this car
company Tesla has not done well and
that's a lot of reasons uh interest
rates economy
all car companies got decimated in the
last four years. So it's not just Tesla
everybody was. So this the car company
business was not good and if that's the
case then a story does not get priced
in. Now I want to ask you give me an
actual number Joe if the stock is priced
$400.
How much of that $400 do you attribute
to the auto business and how much do you
attribute today or do you think is being
attributed today? Not not what you do
it. I'm sorry. I want I want you to tell
me what you think that $400 by
investors. How much are investors giving
auto and how much are they giving to
robo taxi and optimist?
&gt;&gt; Well, I think investors tend to be very
irrational. So, I don't think that's the
best exercise. I think when you look at
the investment bankers and the analysts
and this is all very irr is all very
irrational when you really think about
it. When I do my model, I come to the
conclusion assuming the auto business is
doing well in the future, it's probably
90 bucks if you're like if you put a
much bigger multiple on it than on the
other car companies, but you think it's
going to grow. So, it's roughly 90
bucks. So, a huge chunk, twothirds of
the company is some kind of fantasy or
future revenue streams, which I think is
I don't know if you're very
conservative, that's reasonable in my
opinion. If you're not conservative, if
you're realistic like I am, I'm trying
to be, I think it's completely
undervalued.
But here comes the point. When it comes
to Graham and Warren Buffett, they have
done great things in the past. But I'm
not the biggest fan for our times. I
think they are just, you know, the okay
boomer joke. It's like, you know, the
boomer telling the Gen Zera, the
Jenzilla is like, I can't get a job
after college,
&gt;&gt; right? And the boomer is like, "Have you
have you tried firm handshake and
looking them straight in the eyes?" And
it's like, "Bro, that's not how it
works. You just don't get a job." Okay.
So, uh, it's a little bit like back in
the days, Graeme and Warren Buffett,
there was no competition. No one knew
anything. I said, "Oh, I'm smart. I look
at the balance sheet. I do value
investing." It's like,
"No [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] Sherlock." Right? So, that's
great. Congratulations. But that's not
working anymore. That too that's too
that's too simple.
And also in the age of AGI, massive
acceleration, innovation, people like
Elon and the entire Max 7, it is not
about value investing in the sense of,
you know, rear mirror value investing.
It's about the future. If you do value
investing on Tesla based on what
happened in the past, you're just
completely off. You would have been
completely off in 2009. You would have
been completely off in 2014 and 19 and
all over the place. You need to
anticipate and predict the future. There
is no way around it. And you do that. We
have the method here, right? We do
long-term 5 to 10 years. I call this
understand the world. Then you do
predict the world which is a 12 months
horizon with inflection point forcing
functions. And then you pinpoint which
is like well that's more advanced like
for the next four weeks you need to have
a systematic view on the future and then
see where is the mispricing happening
and the mispricing is about projecting
out. I mean CERN Basher for example does
a great job. He does the same thing. He
has the models. He says wait a moment if
this and also arc they're all trying to
do that. We see there's a massive
disconnect to the price based on what is
reasonably to be assumed about the
future. That's a totally different form
of investing. It's about predicting the
future not reading balance sheets. Now
you also have to read balance sheets.
You well you have to have a very trivial
skill of understanding how much cash
someone has. Uh to your point, I think
it's important that companies that build
the future have robust cash flows. Not
because I want to see massive growth in
the core business, but I want to see
they always make more money than they
spend because that makes them
indestructible. Same as SpaceX and XAI,
right? SpaceX will have significantly
more free cash flow from Starlink than
they will spend on X AI, which is key.
They are indestructible at that point.
So that's and that's an Elon skill
because a lot of other companies figure
one all over the place they're spending
more way more way more than they have.
So uh that's a big problem. That's also
why the Max 7 are so powerful. They make
much more than they spend. So then you
become indestructible if they then
combine that with massive aggressive
innovation and skilled innovators which
all of them have from Zuckerberg
regardless what you think. He's a very
skilled guy. Bezos skilled, Microsoft
skilled, Google very skilled. And I hate
some of them, but they're all very
skilled. They're not dummies. They know
innovation. They have strong cash flow.
So this makes them massive machines in
the age of AGI. But the most massive of
all, of course, is Elon. And that's how
I view the stock. If you can't predict
the future, you can't invest in these
stocks. You know, I I love everything
you just said because I think uh it's
important to point out that the world
changed significantly in the last two
years. Prior to that,
you know, the companies are born,
companies survive, they compete with
each other and you can follow to see
whether or not they make a move and
maybe their their product is released is
successful. They're then they make
money. That's not the world anymore.
Innovation
skyrocketed like this. So
&gt;&gt; when I hear this I I don't want to be
they are amazing boomers but I love this
okay boomer thing because it's really
this Jenzilla who's like I can't find a
job and the grandfather's like oh you
&gt;&gt; has changed everything to so now uh
innovation is skyrocketing it's like
happening basically I think the the the
latest is that every month that goes by
is equivalent to 12 months of progress
last year and of course it's
accelerating anthropic is spitting out
new models every month and every day
they have new features. Why? Because the
AI helped them code the new features. So
everything is accelerated in this world.
Then my thesis is you you pick the ones
that are going to winners. And it's
pretty obvious at this point it's AI and
it's robotics and maybe a bunch of other
you know trends. Now from there who's
going to win it? Well then you might
pick five to 10 companies that you think
are positioned to win in those thesis.
And in order to do that, you need to
have money to build supercomputers. You
need to have factories to build the fac,
you know, the brains, the physical cars,
the physical bods, and and and then
Starlight, Starlink, all that. You got
to like figure out who's going to be in
a player in that space. Now, you don't
know who's going to win maybe, but you
also know there's only going to be a
certain number that can actually win.
And you also need like why you know you
could normally say if you're a little
more if you're smart but still a little
conservative you would say well Tesla
can you guarantee Tesla goes up more in
the next year than Micron or something
it's like no I mean who knows or
Palenteer so yeah you can have your
basket of the semis semiconductors and
then key software companies and key 7
plus Tesla maybe Robin Hood and stuff
micro strate if you little crypto so
then you have your basket but here's the
thing I think I'm working on this next
theme because I think that we are living
in times of insane acceleration and part
of that acceleration is the disruption
of paradigms and we just have disrupted
the paradigm as you described. But I
think what people don't understand is
this is not going to stop. We will have
more paradigm disruptions and the the
size of the paradigms that get disrupted
will get larger. So I think for example
we will have massive political
uncertainty in 2028 and things like that
because AI and so you need not just to
spot and be smart about SpaceX and robo
taxi and Optimus. You also have to think
on a meta level what's happening to the
world. There are like major tail risks
of insane proportions like what happens
if a government goes rogue and insane
with AI like which can happen any time
now with anthropic AU and stuff. And
then how do you manage this as an
investor? And I think one of the key
things is you need leaders that you
trust to be smart enough to understand
disruptive paradigm shifts all the time.
And there's not no one I trust more than
Elon on that. Like basically can Elon
handle stuff that we cannot anticipate?
like what I don't know like 10 million
things of insane proportions can happen
in the next two years because you have
these AIs running around and so who
knows maybe there are no governments
anymore maybe there's no money anymore
in three years right this can happen
suddenly and crazy and you need someone
who's aligned with you as a shareholder
because he has a lot of shares who is in
charge and I trust Elon more to foresee
these things and do some crazy stuff
that I don't know right to make sure
this actually keeps working.
I think the other guys are also not
dummies. I think Zuckerberg is not done
with that like you know Bezos but I
think Elon is on the next level and and
both on the defense right if something
terrible happens and on the offense if
some suddenly some insane space race
happens right and the United States says
we need to invest half of our entire
budget into space because to survive
whatever that Elon spots that and can
ride the wave and I think that will be
much more important now than it was 10
years ago because the level of insanity
that's going to happen is much higher.
So that's just on a meta level basically
like you have to trust in things that no
one even knows about that could happen
suddenly.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, this is all very good points. The
world is different now. Massive
disruption is happening right now. Like
it's it's like a war really is like you
know what happened in a when during a
time of war all the businesses that you
thought was strong all of a sudden
there's no more product to sell because
everybody's busy doing something else.
only that it's a
&gt;&gt; technology comes and takes over,
&gt;&gt; right?
&gt;&gt; Only that the war is completely
unpredictable because you don't even
know what the weapons are. You don't
know the territories. You don't know
anything because it changes. You're
having a war on a shifting on a shifting
tectonic plate.
&gt;&gt; My my point is that existing companies
you think have been done so well for the
last 100 years in the stock market are
going to continue doing well because
they're they're making money and their
strong balance sheet, all that. It's not
the case anymore. AI is going to disrupt
every single company now. And so the so
now you do want to pick the the
potential winners in the future because
when they win, they're going to win big.
They're going to win.
&gt;&gt; Also, the the speed and pace and I have
to say like Elon is not is not even the
number one right now. The number one is
anthropic. Like the the insane speed
like clot design today, I just saw clot
finance came out for everyone. Like
that's insane. So now you can knock out
everything like auditing firms and
investment banks and everything with a
click of a button. So Elon is preparing
this and he's not there yet but he wants
it. I know his plan. He wants to become
basically the physical AI king. And what
that means, we had this before. It means
that we'll be able to knock out every
physical manufacturing industry like
instantaneously. If they say they want
to take over the shipping industry
globally, they can just do that in two
days. And that's I think people totally
don't understand that it will be like
anthropic is knocking out entire
trillion dollar sectors now on software.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; Tesla will be or whatever the new entity
will be able to do that on physical.
They will just say, you know what, we
know all the ship blueprints in the
world. We can improve manufacturing by
a,000x in a second and then we just can
print these plants and you're you're
dead. we can increase the US shipping
output by 200x in one year and things
like and people have completely they
would think I'm crazy but I tell you
that's exactly what's what's happening.
I don't know when but sooner than people
think.
&gt;&gt; The factory is the product. That's what
he's been saying for so long. The
factory is the product
&gt;&gt; only that that now all factories will be
the product. That's
&gt;&gt; every every product he they can build it
better. Yeah. uh anything that needs a
uh a chip to be have intelligence they
can rebuild they can build in better and
faster more than everyone else
&gt;&gt; because people have to like when you
think through these things that are
Elon's specialty uh the the factory what
the product is the machine what is it
the machine the factory is the product
whatever um
&gt;&gt; machine
&gt;&gt; exactly when you when you are talking
about defense a huge huge topic right
now with Russia and everything and you
want to you know compete with Iran or
whatever on drone production If you have
someone like Elon's like okay let's
let's design the perfect drone and in
parallel basically within a week we can
design the entire surrounding upstream
factory system and supply chains that
would have taken not just years it would
have taken decades or centuries or
something before you can't do these
things now they can do it with a press
of a button and it's not just AI you
need a mastermind like Elon to steer
this whole thing because you need to
fully understand what that even means to
actually get it there and the potential
for that especially in defense where we
know that defense is a big deal now that
the US is massively ramping up defense
spending how are they going to spend it
on what how how do you translate this
into actual stuff so
this is just one aspect I think there's
no limit to it it's literally like
anthropic only for physical and
anthropic is a much bigger deal than
people understand I think
&gt;&gt; um what's your argument to so Uh CERN
has been talking about the the the 10
Titans. Basically, he thinks that, you
know, we have the Mag 7. Eventually,
there'll be like 10 massive titans that
is going to win all of AI. And and as
you know, when you win AI, you win all
the Fortune 500. You win all those
companies. You're taking them all over.
These 10 titans become the ones that own
every business. So, they're all going to
be so big. But the pro the the the comp
competition is the Mag Seven and these
guys are raking in cash because they
have businesses that is a weighing
machine. They're making money cash $100
billion a quarter many of them. And so
do you think that that is going to be an
issue where these guys can have the cash
that they want but Tesla and Elon
doesn't have it?
&gt;&gt; Uh no I don't think so. I think these
people will have unlimited cash but I
think Elon will have it too. This is all
about projecting out these revenue
streams and cash streams and when they
are coming that's kind of our specialty.
I think robo taxi is imminent and once
robo taxi is imminent Tesla can
&gt;&gt; you know move like eye to eye with
Google or something once Optimus kicks
in and SpaceX they can easily all of
them. So with Starink which is a smaller
thing but still enormous trillions.
&gt;&gt; It's not smaller.
&gt;&gt; It's smaller than robo taxi. It's
smaller than
&gt;&gt; it's not it's the same size as Roboaxi.
And the explanation is that maybe their
revenue is not as high, but their
margins is is is five. It's like for
every dollar you make from Starlink,
it's a top pure profit.
&gt;&gt; Sure. But I think Robotex is also very
profitable.
&gt;&gt; Cash flow is what you're looking for.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; So, and Optimus is definitely bigger and
space AI that's what people don't get.
Space AI is instantaneously limitlessly
scalable. like this is the biggest deal
for sure guaranteed in human history
space. So
&gt;&gt; I think people still don't fully get it
like there is absolutely no limit. It is
completely solved basically and from
here it's just scale they you need tens
of thousands hundreds of thousands of
starships you can make you know
quadrillions in free cash flow with that
because it's basically infin you have
free energy you create intelligence and
from there that's all you need and
there's no limit so we are moving into
crazy times um of course it's about
timelines how long does it take before
they can compete with Google and the
other Guys, I think Robo Taxi and
Starlink are here, right? They are here.
They will start scaling at the very
latest at super scale in 2027, both of
them. And I think that solves the cash
flow problem. There's not even a cash
flow problem because they're cash flow
positive, both of them, SpaceX and
Tesla. But it will allow them to have
hundreds of billions in capex, no
problem. Cash flow positive in 2028 or
something.
&gt;&gt; That's a very good point. Yeah. So, so
that's a good point that Tesla's about
to it's this is the year robo taxi next
year 2027 robo taxi robots Starlink they
will all be bringing cash in and they'll
they won't be behind the others. Perfect
timing. Uh you just said something
that's very important I think. Um so you
step back and you go okay massive AI
disruption happening right now. There's
going to be some massive winners. If
you're a winner you're going to be huge
and then lots of losers. This is not the
time to be looking at, you know, your
fundamentals. It's about the structure.
And then if you look at the structure,
who has the best? Tesla and Elon
actually have things that no one else
can match. They have things that no like
all the other Mac 7s, they'll compete
with each other. But Tesla has first of
all robots, right? The ability to create
millions of robots. The million they
control transportation, autonomous
transportation because they can create
the vehicles and they have the FSD that
no one else can. they'll be behind. And
then they have space travel. No one else
can do space travel yet or, you know,
they'll can be competitors. And I mean,
maybe we can go along along here, but
they have these large supercomputers
right now, but eventually once they go
to space, it'll be even larger. I mean,
these things, and there may be more, are
not things that anyone else has.
&gt;&gt; Well, I'm always sure. That's why I'm a
Tesla fan and an Elon fan, but I would
not underestimate the competition. We
have to understand there's a there is a
syndicate like the anthropic Amazon
axis,
&gt;&gt; right?
&gt;&gt; I would take this very seriously because
Amazon has Blue Origin. They have like
serious stuff. Of course,
&gt;&gt; they got the robots. Yep.
&gt;&gt; They're totally behind Tesla, don't get
me wrong, but Anthropic is a uncontested
leader in freaking AGI, which is a big
deal. So,
&gt;&gt; so and I don't know what their
relationship is and how good Amazon is
to translate that into advantages in
their hardware development, but let's
say it's not that there is no
competition. Tesla's just far ahead
right now. But the only concern I have
is that they are not ahead in AI like in
the core. AI is an anthropic thing. I
also don't I'm not concerned about I
think Google is lame. I never like
Google. It's a total corporate woke
cesspool. Same with Microsoft. So, yeah,
sure. They print money, they grow, but
they're not disruptive. Enthropic is a
very different deal. OpenAI and
Zuckerberg, I still keep an eye on
Zuckerberg because he's failing and
failing and failing, but he makes
infinitely more cash all the time. He
knows he's failing. And never
underestimate an entrepreneur like
Zuckerberg who's failing because that
just makes him more aggressive. And now
he's Wang, the Wang dude who's very
smart, the I took over. So I would
&gt;&gt; I think if I had to bet I think clearly
anthropic Amazon Access is like
dangerously strong for Tesla. Tesla is
the number one. SpaceX like I think
they're number one but this is a very
formidable super formidable competitor
because of anthropic and Amazon is
always there. Don't underestimate them.
They're like feeding the beast. Then you
have the other guys. I think Google
Microsoft I think they're lame. They
will make infinite money but they're
lame. And then Zuckerberg, my bet would
be, you know, we will be surprised by
Zuckerberg because they have a lot of
money and they're aggressive and Sam
Alman like never. Let's see what
happens. It's a volatile situation with
open air, but these people are clearly
also aggressive. Uh, and they know
everything about innovation too. So,
it's an interesting race. I would say
it's Tesla first, Amazon Anthropic, and
then the two outliers are OpenAI and and
Meta that you definitely have to watch.
My my point is you should invest in all
of them. You should be investing in
robotics. You should be investing in AI.
You should be investing in these
infrastructure that's going to win the
race because competition is not these
guys are Nvidia. They're all competing
with each other, but real reality is
they'll all probably be very successful.
10 Titans. Yeah,
&gt;&gt; it's the other companies are all dead or
being scared about like they'll be
pockets. What I find so exciting why we
are doing pioneer lens is also I'm
always into I really like the big fat
paradigm shifts because it's the
complete disruption of our world and no
one even knows it
&gt;&gt; because it's not anticipated and I think
what will happen very soon is something
of absolutely enormous proportions and
that is everyone is staring at
businesses and cash flows and people
forget that we are moving beyond that on
a massive scale there will be a whole
new economy that people don't even
understand like the engineering of
civilizations for example that everyone
can now start redesigning the entire
world right so but you need certain this
is a whole new discipline like you need
a critical amount of people they need to
be very smart they need to get together
and then they can shape the entire
societ their entire society so you can
have kind of society startups which is a
huge incentive because then you can fix
everything so I think you know it's not
just staring at oh who has like new
t-shirts or new rockets it's also What
about new things? So what about the
first principles of human existence?
Like what do you actually care about?
You care about your life, your family,
your taxes, like that's what actually
has the highest value for people. And no
one sees that as an innovation space
because we think, oh, the government.
Well, you can engineer this all away
very quickly now. So, you know, this
will be super interesting. That's what
I'm looking at. For me, it's more like a
cash flow machine to really understand
stocks and these big companies. And we
have to understand them, but they're
also not dummies. Elon will understand
that they was like wait what have we
been doing like we could just
re-engineer we could just empower all of
Europe to re-engineer their freaking
societies in like one year so and he
will get so there will be massive things
going on but of course the basics of
cash flow and stock price will remain
important and important to fund
everything so I find this all very like
I think if there's one big paradigm of
this age of AGI it's capability explodes
explosion. It's like possibility
explosion all
&gt;&gt; take advantage of the new AI technology
superpowers that you're being given.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; Exactly. Into and this opens up the
opportunity space will be just
millionfold bigger in two years where
it's basically like you just have to
come up with something and something the
bigger it is the better it is if you
know how to do it. So it's it's a very
interesting space and all these 10 mega
corporations will fuel that. They will
provide the tools and the systems for it
and the hardware. Uh but there will be
all kinds of new super values created on
top of it like in terms of economics.
&gt;&gt; So
&gt;&gt; exciting. Yeah. But lots of
&gt;&gt; people like Elon will be all like that's
what I actually like about them all by
the way that they are actually smart
cookies. Like Bezos is smart like Even
Zman very smart whatever people think
Zuckerberg I mean these people will be
very open to observing all of that and
think about it and Elon more than anyone
else.
&gt;&gt; Thank you very much. That was a great
conversation. That's exactly what I was
hoping to discuss because yeah things
have changed and they are changing so
quickly. You have to change the way you
invest and think about investments.
Thanks everybody. Bye-bye. Thank you.
I've created a website that is the most
comprehensive resource for the Tesla
investor. Please check it out. Simply go
to my website at herdomm.com.