Channel:     futureaza
Title:       EXTREME MIRACLE BATTERIES vs their reality. Plus another dozen Monday News Roundup stories
URL:         https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yufQ0Pl3x2s
Published:   2026-06-08 03:44 UTC
Fetched:     2026-06-08 22:00 UTC

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Good 8th of June everyone. It is the
Monday morning news roundup. It is
actually noon on the east coast. I'm
still in Detroit. We finish up the
summer meetup. It was fantastic. But you
got to let me know uh do I look good? Do
I sound good? Within reason, of course.
Uh 5 by five is acceptable. I don't need
to be a 10. Uh so guys, I don't know if
you heard, but there's been some news.
Yes, some news. I'm showing you the chat
right now because at the end of the
show, there is a live Q&amp;A. you can cue.
I will give you perhaps an A. Uh but
we'll find out. Uh big thing I wanted to
start with was Slate. I don't know if
you heard, but Slate is getting ready to
go. Uh later this month, we're going to
have uh an announcement. We're going to
get to see the production intent truck.
We're going to get to see the actual
price. Hopefully, it'll be
if it's under 40, I think I'll be happy.
Um and I'm not expecting it to be sub
30,000 at launch. I think that's an
unreasonable ask. Uh but what we did see
here, and this is exciting, uh the
they've got a deal with Carvana ahead of
the sales launch. It's important to have
an understanding what the price will be.
No dicker sticker. Uh neither one of
those two things. So, especially the
first half. Um so, there's a bunch going
on there. And if we look, we've got um
what we really need is affordability
because I don't know if you noticed
this, but uh after selling out a few
days ago, Tesla just updated and uh the
the sales site uploaded a bunch of new
used Cybert trucks. Prices starting at
729 for a foundation series going up
from there. Uh but these are uh more
affordable options. And I know what
you're saying. That was yesterday. How's
it looking today? Half of them are gone.
Half of them are gone. So, no one will
buy it at any price. It's too ugly. But
if the price is lowered, I'm suddenly
suddenly very excited. Uhhuh. And uh if
you guys are there, do let me know in
the chat. Uh because it's a little quiet
in here and I'm getting lonely. If I
could get water, that would be great. Uh
so, uh we've got this one here, a little
bit more on the slate, everything to
know about it, what you can expect from
it. I don't know what you need to know.
June 24th is the big unveil. Very
exciting. I uh maybe I'll live stream
it. Haven't decided. Let me know. Um and
then we've got Yeah, light at the end of
the tunnel, all that good stuff. Just
making sure I am live. Okay. I'm uh not
in the studio, man. What are you going
to do? So, this will be something. I do
not like that they keep calling it
Bezosbacked or Amazonbacked.
It isn't. He put some money in, but very
little. uh this is it diminishes the
hard work being done by the engineers
who are building it by the people who
are actually putting in measurable
percentages of their net worth. Bezos
could throw that money in the trash, not
even notice. And sometimes I think he
does. Maybe that's actually his thing.
Um we've got a little bit of news. We're
going to switch to SpaceX stuff. That is
the big news of the week. Starlink,
SpaceX, all that good stuff. Thank you,
Bert. And uh what we're going to look at
first here, of course, we got to cover
this. SpaceX launches two Star Shield
satellites during Saturday night
Starlink mission. Um you know, space is
uh I've been told it's the final
frontier. I don't know if that's
actually true. Boy, the chat is really
quiet.
Guys, got to got to chat some more. Make
sure. Okay. All right. If you want to
keep me keep your secrets, I understand.
So, what we've got here is um 21
Starlink satellites have been launched.
Um but the bigger news uh at least I
think in terms of SpaceX stuff is that
uh is that there's a lot of discussion
in the in the days leading up to the
IPO. Got the IPO coming what Thursday? I
will live stream that as well. Um how
are you going to make money? SpaceX,
it's a money losing venture. Well, first
of all, Starlink is a money printing
machine. That machine has just begun
printing. But the other is Google has
signed a $920 million a month compute
deal with SpaceX with XAI. So, well, I
can't believe that obviously no one's
using Grock if they've got all this
extra compute to bring in, you know,
like almost billions per month from
Anthropic and Google.
I don't know what to tell you, man.
These are big big deals. Um, and
Amazon is still a very big company in
its own right. Amazon Web Services is
something they do in addition. This is
AI web service is what this is. So, uh,
that's one of the many ways to make
money. Now that we know Starlink works,
now that we've got the proof of concept
out of the way, Russia's answer to
Starlink loses its first satellite after
just 75 days in orbit. That's not a big
concern. Losing one, this is their first
batch. It's fine. The first batch of
Starlink that went up weren't really
meant to stay up. They were meant to
test the next step, which was
deployment. They have deployed. Russia's
big problem is these are not reusable
rockets. They're at a tremendous cost
disadvantage. And they're at a market
disadvantage. There are a whole whole
lot of countries that are not interested
in using Russia's telecom systems. It's
unfortunate, but hey, what are you going
to do? I saw this very clever, very fun,
very FUDladen headline. Only five
aircraft British Airways suspends
Starlink installations until later this
year. You see there's some problem.
There's something going on that's making
them not. But how could that be? Every
airline that's rolled it out has had
nothing but success. You got to get down
real far in the article to find out that
the reason for the delay is because it's
the summer travel season and they can't
schedule the planes to come out of
service for their regular maintenance.
They're pushing all the maintenance out
until the fall and they'll do Starlink
at the same time. There's nothing wrong
with the service. Thank you for this
terrible, terrible headline.
Simpleflying.com.
Uh in terms of Starlink, we were waiting
for this announcement. 12 million active
subscribers, active customers. And we
know now that this doesn't count
everyone on the plane as a separate
user. These are individuals with a
dedicated terminal who are using and
paying for them. Uh so this is big. And
if you watch my interviews with Quincy
from Electric Era Tech, former SpaceX
engineer, he is confident that 12
million is just the beginning. Even with
the existing satellites, even if they
were just to use Falcon 9, even if
Starship never works, Starlink is going
to be massive, profitable, and a huge,
huge benefit. Uh, a neat one. This, uh,
just happened. Falcon 9 lands on
shortfall of Gravitas, completing its
35th launch and landing of a single
booster. Can you imagine if you didn't
have to build 34 extra rockets just to
do the same thing? If you were dumping
all those boosters, the South Pacific
would be mostly boosters by now. I think
so. Maybe um let's celebrate some of
that. Reuse is better. How can they make
such good rockets because they don't
have to throw them away? If they had to
throw away those beautiful Raptors every
time,
it wouldn't make sense to build them as
nicely as they do. Um yeah, Falcon 9
booster 35th flight. That's good stuff,
man. Hey, you know what else is good
stuff? Subscribing. It's free. You can
do that. It's uh something. It's a
benefit that I offer all y'all uh for no
extra charge. Isn't that great? Um I do
see the comment on how is Zangler doing.
We will address that. He's doing okay,
but uh you know, how are we doing with
the stock? Up a little today. Up a
little. Maybe I should resize that a
bit. See if I can make it any prettier.
Yeah, up uh I guess up $12.26
today. Uh which is almost as much as I
paid for my shares. Easy come, easy go.
You know, what are you going to do? Um
let's talk about some stuff overseas.
I always get this these questions. You
know, why is Tesla still pursuing 4680?
Don't they know the future is and it's
something else? And sometimes it's uh
one specific company's product or uh you
know very the the sacko battery or the
donut battery or the lithium air or the
iron air
until it's real we don't give it too
much uh thought but the market is vast
and even second best can have a 20-year
lifespan uh in terms of new commercial
deployments. CL moves to sodium ion
batteries from pilot projects to
commercial deployment. Sodium is cheaper
to build, but is it better? And the
answer until pretty recently was it's
not better. It's uh much too bulky. Uh
it didn't have the same roundtrip
efficiency in early ones. It didn't yet
have the same cycle life. It doesn't
have the same cycle life. Uh it's going
to be you have to factor that into the
cost for something especially like grid
storage. But CL, who is the biggest
lithium-ion battery maker in the world
by quite a bit and who has a history of
making pretty real announcements or at
least qualifying them sufficiently, has
outlined a concrete roadmap for the
commercial rollout of sodium ion battery
technology, announcing that customer
deliveries of its first sodium ion
energy storage systems will begin in
September. So that's coming right up.
Yeah, that's a matter of months. Um,
that is something to keep an eye on. I
have high confidence in it. BYD's new uh
flash charge batteries, they're having
trouble keeping up with the demand
because it turns out if you can offer
something that charges four times faster
for just a little bit more money. Buyers
want it. Yahoo wants me to try something
for free. I will not do that. China EV
battery maker BYYD uh their full-size
SUV is getting pushed out to June
because they just can't make the
batteries fast enough. Maybe they should
hire new people or more of them. Um but
I have a story about that coming up
later
and maybe with Mark from the Tesla Life
tomorrow. Uh a new US battery line
designed to make energy storage safer
and cheaper. PNNL has commissioned a
16piece prismatic battery cell
production line inside the Department of
Energy's grid storage launchpad.
Department of Energy pays for research.
They're trying to domesticate battery
production because energy security is
national security. Energy independence
is what you would like to have. So,
they've got a new battery production
line. They're expecting to help
researchers develop safer and cheaper
energy solutions. That's not really
news. If I read that news story to you a
year from now, I think you would find
very little has changed. Hey, do you
know that Europe has had enough of
China's export surge? You know, they say
that, but they keep coming back for
more. The reality is these European
manufacturers have made a whole bunch of
cars. They've actually gotten serious
and started producing real goodlooking,
compelling cars. They just haven't done
so affordably and or profitably. The ID
Buzz is adorable. It is a great car.
It's about a,000 pounds too heavy and
about $30,000 too expensive. If they
could fix that, well then they could
compete with China. So the bottom line
is EU is expanding its response to
Chinese industrial overcapacity, moving
beyond tariffs toward broader trade
defense and industrial policy measures.
It's a whole story of its own. Couldn't
possibly cover all of it, but I'm giving
you the headlines. If that's one you
want me to cover later in the week, I
can do that. Let me know. Uh, but I
wanted to get you at least the overview
on that. GM's electric future depends on
a new battery and this facility.
Oh boy, this is just exciting. Uh, it's
important to follow what I can only
describe as leadership. The true
leaders. Hidden among the architectural
landmarks of GM sprawing sprawling
Warren Tech Center outside Detroit is a
new cornerstone of the automo automakers
$900 million bet on its electric future.
They're trying to get these uh these
batteries. They're trying to reboot the
program that they just wrote off. So,
I'm not sure how that works. I'm sure an
accountant can help me understand it.
But, uh, what it means is if you wrote
it all down already, I guess the next
one you make is profitable. Huh? Ah, I
don't know, man. We've seen some big
shifts in how all of that works. Um,
then we've got uh this one. I got a lot
of heat over the weekend on this one
because apparently this was announced
like Saturday and I was on stage on
Saturday. I was unable to cover it.
People were very upset about that
because apparently I'm required to cover
the news more aggressively than
worldclass news anchors. I apologize for
being unable to do that. The lithium air
battery 12,000 watt hours per kilogram.
When you see a claim like that, you got
to dig a little deeper because to go
from 400 being really good to 12,000, if
that doesn't set off your alarm bells,
I don't know if you have alarm bells.
you might need to get the whole system
checked. This isn't something that's in
production. This isn't something that's
in pilot. This isn't something that's in
prototype. This is a research paper
about something that's theoretically
possible. Is it? We will find out in the
future. If we can get to a world where
it's 12,000 watt hours per kilogram,
it's over. It's over. That's flight.
That's rail. That's That's everything
except escape velocity. And even that
people will try. Uh so we will keep an
eye on that as it develops. Maybe we'll
have Jordan Gizigy back on to talk about
it. Tesla's vehicle to grid roll out is
not far away and could be a lot cheaper
than rivals. Could doing all the heavy
lifting. The circuitry is not in the
average car. Uh but Tesla's finally
rolled out vehicle to load in Australia,
at least in the Model Y performance.
better than nothing. But it would sure
be nice if every battery sold at least
had the capacity so that on grids on
micro grids in districts where it is
beneficial and the grid wants you to
have it. The grid operators want you to
be able to do some time shifting with
that power generation. You have that
ability. If Tesla did that with how many
units they make, it could
fix all your grid wos within or or get
you real close. Um, we talked about this
earlier. PYD needs to hire more people.
Well, they are in Canada to open
showrooms because we're selling some
units. Canada can now import 49,000 EVs
from China at preferred import tariff
rates. Tesla's already consumed 10% of
that aotment. BYD doesn't want to miss
the boat. The third big player is
Nissan, who already has dealerships and
has cars made in China that say Nissan
on them. Are they? Sure. Let's say
they're Nissan's.
So, that's going to help. BYD has the
agility to move quickly, the funding to
make it happen. It can work. Got just a
couple more stories before we get to the
Q&amp;A. Uh Elon Musk in direct talks with
ASML for the $119 billion Terraab chip
plant. CEO calls him very serious. ASML
sells the lithography machine that makes
microchips possible. I think of course
that's a serious conversation. I think
Ben Zinga needs to zinga less as Ben and
maybe not put the 119 billion in there
because that makes it sound like that's
how much the the lithography deal is.
That's the entire factory. That includes
the janitor. So, calm down. Once again,
Yahoo is asking me to try something for
free and I will not. I've had enough of
your free products. Uh uh Yahoo. Uh Elon
Musk proposed tip cherab chip fab
facility in Texas. uh needs chips. Now,
the confusing part of this article, the
reason it deserves mention at all is
ASML CEO Kristoff Fuket warned that
semiconductor ambitions tied to Tesla
and SpaceX could further strain an
already tight global chip industry.
Right? That's why he wants to make them.
That's why he wants to increase the
supply to match the demand and not just
add more demand. I don't understand
how this confusion arose, but apparently
it did, which is, you know, ridiculous.
This is a new one to me. Did you know
that there are towns in the US that ban
battery energy storage solutions? Mega
packs, the equivalent from CL and BYD.
There are places that have banned them.
You do not get to use. You cannot build
energy storage projects, especially
battery energy, are growing quickly
across the United States. According to
the uh energy information
administration, the US uh I eiation
capacity is expected to come from
battery storage and solar this year.
That's that that wording is all wrong.
You don't generate with a battery, but
it it's fine. On the grid, a battery
doesn't appear as a source. It appears
as a load. Isn't that right, Charlie? I
don't see him in here. Yeah, you'll
correct me. Large scale battery storage
capacity. So, you can see the graph. It
has grown. What a surprise because it
just works. The concern they have is
these fires which are incredibly rare
and over the last 10 years have the
batteries have become less and less
common despite the deployments surging.
So it's a concern addressing
beta 0.09 point0.9
beta kind of products where there was a
problem. These problems largely don't
exist. A lot of the f fires that we saw
were in the high nickel batteries.
Almost no one is using the high nickel
batteries anymore. It's all lithium iron
phosphate. Much less prone to thermal
runaway and less dangerous when it does
go up. So, if you live in one of those
places, and actually there is an
interactive map on here. This is on my
NBC5,
uh, active or pending. Washington State
has four.
Uh, let's see. Covington, Maple Valley,
and Black Diamond. An outright ban in
Black Diamond. Population, a bear. Uh,
there's more than just a bear there.
I've been to Black Diamond.
Uh the Dodge I have to be nice to the
folks in Black Diamond. They have
Starlink now. Uh Dodge Charger uh is
back. It's still around, but they made
it even better. I'm sorry. They made it
more expensive for the same car. They
just bumped the price up 12,000. They
said, "Hey, no one's buying them. You
know what would make us sell even fewer?
Let's make it more expensive. You can
still get into the base model for $499.
What is it?" Yeah. starting price at
50,000 for the, you know, sub 500
horsepower version and uh and and right
on up from there. So, if you want a dumb
fast car that really isn't that fast
because the software is still um it
aspires to be mid, uh then the Charger
may just be the thing for you.
Fortunately, this load of poo did come
appropriately named. They call it the
Charger Daytona Scat Pack. So, if you
ever go out hunting again, looking for
those bears,
that's what you will find is the Scat
Pack. All right, let's get into the Q&amp;A.
We've got a few minutes here to do it.
How is everybody? How did the show go
here from sunny Detroit where we're out
here having some fun? Uh, don't donut.
Do not Yeah, donut. I had a chance to
talk to Dr. Scott Walter who got to uh
chat in person with Marco from Donut
Batteries. Uh the conclusion was he's
charismatic
which is important if you're going to
sell something that doesn't exist.
More on EV says trying to eat lunch and
type is tough. Um, interestingly, I c I
used to be able to drink water while my
ventriloquist would speak, but uh he uh
set me free when I got my wish to become
a real boy. Slate is supported by the
owners the owner of the LA Dodgers. Did
not know. Uh, biggest news, the hole in
donut. Also, breaking news, water is
wet. Hey, I can I can attest to that.
Uh, let's see. I really wish Slate could
tow a usable weight or at least drive a
reasonable distance. You know, you want
it small and affordable. Towing is got
to go, but the range is concerning. I
hope they do switch to LFP batteries.
They went with the NMC because those
could be sourced domestically, but all
the domestic
benefits are gone. Get the cheapest ones
you can. Those are LFP. You can charge
to 100. So, if you get 200 miles of
range, 180 miles of range, you actually
get 180 miles of range. But if you're
going from 20 to 80 on a lithium
battery, you're cutting 40% out of your
total capacity. Now, you've got a 100
mile truck. That's great for in town.
Pretty challenging for other
applications.
GCP has a $425 billion backlog they can
empty with more compute.
Finding someone willing to sell compute
they have no use for is a bargain.
That's the big thing. These contracts
that SpaceX is signing with uh Anthropic
with Google say if we want our compute
back, we get it back. We're not
committing to we're not getting married.
Uh but you can certainly if you don't
want to buy the cow, I will let you milk
it through the fence. Uh let's see.
Russia enjoys burning money but still
can't replace Starlink. Russia appears
to burn I mean they do burn money. It's
not because they have so much of it.
It's because they're good at it. Uh they
they won't they're not trying to replace
Starlink. They just don't want to be
dependent on Starlink for geopolitical
reasons that I understand. But if you're
going to have to cover the whole world
in satellites just so your country can
have satellites, that's expensive.
That's missed opportunity. Sure,
there'll be countries around the world
that would rather work with Russia than
the US, but they don't have money.
So,
no fair using puppies in my subscribe
graphic.
Good point. That is that is manipulative
of me and I am deeply deeply sorry. Uh,
let's see. Another thing about reusing
Falcon 9 is getting data on use and
lifetime as well as practice on rapid
turnaround for ground ops. Boy, you can
sure build a better rocket in the future
when you know when you know where your
limits of failure are after 20, 30, 40
uses. It's a good point. If [snorts] I
didn't have home charging though, that
balance would change. Oh, let's see.
Because JD had said faster charging
would be nice on road trips. Not
awesome, just nice. At home, there's no
point in making a car capable of sucking
more juice faster. Agreed. Uh, I can
charge at like 42 amps at home. I have
it turned down to 32 amps because my
electrician doesn't want me to have a
big insurance claim and burn my house
down with my family in it. I I couldn't
get him to elaborate on why, but he just
said turn it down to 32 just just cuz.
Just just cuz. It's more than enough.
I'm not charging up a Hummer overnight.
Um on road trips it would be nice, but
it's not critical. This weekend I've
been driving a 2018 Model 3. It doesn't
charge as fast as my car, but it doesn't
matter cuz I got to go into Panda and
use the restroom and get something to
drink. By the time I get out, look at my
phone, I'm already back at 7580 and I
don't even need that much juice.
Uhhuh. Energy independence as long as
it's not wind or solar, right? I you
know,
well, you know, solar panels are so
ugly. Are they? What do you I don't
understand. And uh let's see. We've got
just a couple minutes left. We can get
through this. When a stop doesn't have
facilities, it's not fun. Yeah. When the
stop is at a Target and it's 2 AM,
that's not cool. I want to see more
travel centers. I want to see more BIES
type locations. There's a lot of really
good ones in California and Texas. um
and a handful of others, but there's an
awful lot where it's like in front of an
Arby's that closes at 9, which is for
the best. Uh let's see. Uh be honest,
who bought shares on Friday? I picked
some up at 195 says someone. It scrolled
too far. Yeah, there's no way I'm
getting through all these comments, but
that's okay. Um on Zangler, uh he did
put out today a little recap video.
Doesn't look like he flew. Looks like he
just took some old clips, put them
together to show you some timeline
stuff. Kind of the sort of thing that
could go viral on X or Tik Tok. But I
think if you're not making money, at
least you're having fun. And if Tesla
makes it impossible to have fun, I get
it. I get it. He enjoys fishing. I say
let him fish. Uh though we would very
much like to know how many semis are
coming out of the factory. Uh let's see.
Okay. Uh, I think we'll probably wrap it
about there. I hope you guys are excited
for for the SpaceX IPO. I will be
covering that. Yeah, I can charge my car
on a level one at five amps. I don't
need more speed than that most of the
time. I don't need it. I got by on level
one, but I like it so that if I do have
back-toback Portland one day and then
the family up near Seattle the next day,
I can I don't have to plan three days in
advance to get to a hundred before the
first drive. Ah, guys, what did I miss?
What did I misunderstand? If you're
catching on the replay, you got to let
me know. It is required. It is
mandatory. If you made it this far and
you're not subscribed, I ask you, what
are you doing? Uh, just help me out,
man. It's easy. So, super cool to do it.
Everybody else, like, subscribe, do what
you do, and stay tuned, stay juicy, and
I cannot wait to hear from you clever
robots when I'm back in the studio
tomorrow.
Oh, yeah. I have to hit end stream,
don't I?