Channel:     cernbasher
Title:       SpaceX Can't Hit Its Biggest Market Without Tesla
URL:         https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5xPTjI0d2Bs
Published:   2026-06-08 11:00 UTC
Fetched:     2026-06-08 12:00 UTC

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

I really do think the Tesla investors
are missing the significance of this
because this is the this is 80% of
SpaceX's TAM. That's such a massive
opportunity and this other company is
saying this is key for us. We're going
to be focusing on this. This is going to
drive our growth.
&gt;&gt; Tesla investors are missing this in
SpaceX's S-1.
And your point is that SpaceX's success
will be Tesla's success.
Whether they are merged or not, they are
inextricably linked. Now, you're not
you're not suggesting they have to be
merged, but you want to point out that
whatever whatever happens to SpaceX it's
going to matter to Tesla investors.
It it came from this guy Peter at Tesla
Price
and he just wanted to ask you the
question because he pointed out and and
we and I've done a couple shows on this
now. The total addressable market from
the IPO is perspective is 20.5 trillion
and the biggest part is this thing they
call enterprise applications
which is digital optimist which is Tesla
side and macro hard which is on XAI
side. This augments human operation
computers using autonomous agents.
So, he he continues saying Elon has
talked about this being like an
intuition beyond the deep thinking AI
agents we have today. Using the same
vision technology as full self-driving,
but instead of a feed from cameras
around the car it is a video feed from
the computer desktop. So, it's kind of
like you know, like a human, right?
You're looking at a screen, you're
trying to understand what to do and you
make perception, you have planning and
you control. You can do any job.
So, this is 80% of the total TAM. This
is bigger than Starlink, bigger than the
massive orbit.
And then the next biggest thing is is AI
infrastructure which is Terafab which we
already know is a joint venture between
Tesla and SpaceX Dojo 3 chip which is AI
6 has 8% of the TAM. He's saying that
the two biggest parts of SpaceX TAM
they're not possible without Tesla. This
makes the merger obvious and gives Tesla
a huge leverage to ensure a good deal to
shareholders as part of a merger. And
even if they don't merge again, what
we're saying is that Tesla says
SpaceX needs Tesla to even hit hit the
to hit this market here, and they need
Tesla to hit this market here.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, so let's think about this for a
second, and I'd even take it a step
further than those those two items. So,
if you think about SpaceX's, you know,
main cash cow business today, that's
Starlink,
uh internet connectivity, and then
Starlink mobile. Starlink mobile, I
think, is particularly interesting for
Tesla because they will have a massive
robotaxi network. It might be nice to
have those cars always connected. Um
also, why not connect every single
Optimus
as well. Now, is there a certain
applications Optimus in buildings and
someone maybe this isn't possible, but
but maybe it is. Maybe the the
the Starlink mobile or the Starlink
broadband antennas on the roof of the
building and you're getting Starlink
into that building. So, what I'm trying
to say is that Elon would probably
prefer to have his vehicles and his
robots connected to his own network.
That just makes sense. And Tesla would
certainly benefit from that because then
that allows better connectivity, the
creation perhaps of other revenue
streams. So, for example, in robotaxi,
uh this idea of entertainment and and
being able to play, you know, video
games as you're driving down the road or
whatever it is. Uh not just video games
against yourself, but video games
against everybody else that's in a
robotaxi or something like that, right?
Um
so, it's almost like playing Mario Kart
in real time. Um so, that's one thing.
And then as uh as as gentleman that
wrote the post I was talking about,
these other two items are also very
important for Tesla and very important
for SpaceX, and they're going to be
working on these things
jointly. So, it's clear to me and and
the biggest I think the biggest thing
that that really hits home is that the
the biggest part of SpaceX's TAM that
they've highlighted in the prospectus is
something that Tesla has been developing
for years that, as you mentioned, is you
know, FSD is key for the cars, and it's
key for digital Optimus. Now, the
challenge for Tesla investors is there's
very little known about digital Optimus
and how that's going to work and what
the opportunity is.
But, I can tell you because it's a
digital service that that can scale
faster than anything else that Tesla has
right now that can scale.
&gt;&gt; Mhm.
&gt;&gt; Sure, robotaxi can scale fast because
they can make a lot of cars. Sure,
Optimus will scale fast at some point
once they start making a million and
eventually 10 million robots a year.
That scale is going to be amazing.
But, here's actually something that
could scale relatively soon.
This actually might be the first big
business
that Tesla is able to scale
more so than the other two.
&gt;&gt; That's too early to say. We don't even
know what it is. We don't even know what
Elon said.
&gt;&gt; That's the problem.
&gt;&gt; We should be able to beta test it in 6
months, but as we know xAI is already,
you know, they're behind. They're
they're doing catch-up in terms of their
capabilities. So, I'm not, you know,
going to jump too far ahead on that. And
then and then this idea that digital
Optimus has an advantage over all the
other LLMs who are already doing compute
and they're so, you know, fast with
recursive compute.
This is supposed to be able to somehow
read screens better and faster. So,
we'll we'll see. But, the point being
that that is Tesla
digital Optimus is Tesla's side of it
and then macrohard is on the xAI side of
it and for some reason he he said
they're the same thing, but they're
working together because you need the
vision side to augment not just compute.
So, we'll see if that truly is an
advantage.
&gt;&gt; Now, let's think about this for a second
and pretend that SpaceX is not an Elon
company.
&gt;&gt; Mhm.
&gt;&gt; And you've got this company coming to
market that's managed by somebody else
that says 80% of their big long-term
opportunity is macrohard and and digital
Optimus. But, digital Optimus is Tesla's
ownership, right? You would think that
Tesla would respond to that because
that's such a massive opportunity and
this other company is saying this is key
for us. We're going to be focusing on
this. This is going to drive our growth.
And by the way, we have this partner
over here that we're we're partnering
with, right? And so, I really do think
that Tesla investors are missing the
significance of this because this is the
this is 80% of SpaceX's TAM.
&gt;&gt; 22 trillion dollars. But yeah,
&gt;&gt; massive.
&gt;&gt; even even there's no partnership with
SpaceX, you as as a guy who creates
these forecasts need to now take that
22.7 trillion dollar market and,
you know, apply it to Tesla's forecast
because we have digital optimus. Even if
there's no partnership with SpaceX, that
is still something we have not very few
Tesla investors have actually modeled
out
digital optimus market.
And now we got it's actually bigger than
everything else.
&gt;&gt; It's massive.
And and and look look at how quickly
Nvidia's business has scaled. And that's
a hardware and software business.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; Look how quickly Anthropic's business
has scaled. I can't wait to get their
prospectus. But this is one of the
probably the fastest revenue ramps we've
ever seen for a company. And some people
are saying that Anthropic could be the
world's largest company in short order.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; Well, this is the same opportunity. The
exactly the same opportunity that SpaceX
and Tesla have with macro hard and
digital optimus. It's it's a it's a
massively scalable business. As long as
you've got the infrastructure supporting
it, well, who's building the
infrastructure? Tesla and SpaceX. And
who builds infrastructure faster than
anybody else in the AI world? It's Elon
Musk. They tell that in the prospectus
about how many days it took them to put
up Colossus one and even less number of
days, I think it was 122 days for the
first one and 91 days for Colossus two.
Well, everybody else is taking two
years. So, this is the kind of business
that could scale very rapidly. It's just
problem is they haven't really shown us
anything about this yet.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; But we see it happening with Anthropic.
We see the rise of AI agents. We we see
the potential with this. And it's a
purely digital business that can just be
turned on overnight, basically, right?
Now, again, we don't know when it's
going to happen. I think Elon suggested
that by the end of this year that they
they would have some form of digital
Optimus in operation. We'll see. We'll
see how how quick it happens.
&gt;&gt; Okay.
&gt;&gt; Yep.
&gt;&gt; Wow. Okay. I appreciate that. That is
very important information for us to
understand. Let's move over to the big
discussion that many Tesla investors
have been having and debating with each
other, which is, you know, this idea
that we don't want to part merge or
merge with SpaceX. And so, what you
decided to do was let's walk through
various scenarios of if there is a Tesla
SpaceX merger, what is the deal when
does the deal work for Tesla
shareholders? So, will you walk us
through that? And and then and just to
set the stage here, CERN, um I don't
want to speak for you, but my
understanding would be that you and I
are not telling people we want a merger,
and we're not we're certainly not
telling people we want the merger now.
And we're not saying, "Oh, it's going to
be great for Tesla." What we're saying
right now is
it it seems like there's signs nuggets
that there Elon is planning a merger.
If it does happen, I I've been saying,
"Well, let's wait until we understand
what the actual, you know, ratio is
going to be, and it we may not actually
be told what the actual amount is. It
merges equals whatever it is for 6
months to a year from now." So, I'm not
sure why everybody's freaking out about
if you take our current Tesla market cap
at $1.4 trillion,
and we haven't even gotten our robotaxi
thing yet, it's so unfair. It's like,
"Okay, well, who said it's going to be
$1.4 trillion?"
It's 6 months from now, a year from now,
Tesla's market cap could be double if
robotaxi scales. So, anyways, I just
want to understand that you're not
pitching this, you're just saying, "Hey,
here's a crisis uh, of scenarios, and
you, the audience, can decide you know,
what what is fair and what's not fair.
Is that right?
&gt;&gt; I think that's that's correct. And I
would maybe take it a step further or
just clarify it in this way, that I
think it's our job to study and analyze.
And I particularly view my role as
helping people think about things in
different ways. I enjoy doing that
myself, and that's a lot of the things
that I write and and share.
A lot of the times it's a thinking
exercise. And I understand I mean, I
realize that the Tesla investors have
been waiting in Tesla for all these
years. They want to see a return on
their investment. I totally get that.
I'm in the same boat. But I'm also
capable of thinking of, okay, if these
two companies do merge, let's think
about different scenarios and how this
works. And what would Tesla investors
need in order for this to work out for
them? And so that was the impetus behind
this post. Before we get into the
details, let me just kind of maybe make
an analogy.
There are people in this world that buy
clothes for winter
in the summer
&gt;&gt; Mhm.
Mhm.
&gt;&gt; [clears throat]
&gt;&gt; And then there's other people in the
world that buy winter clothes in the
winter when they need it.
The people that buy it in the summer
time get a better deal.
&gt;&gt; Mhm.
&gt;&gt; The people that buy it when they need it
in the when the storm is coming, it's
going to cost them more. People are just
wired differently that way. That's the
simplest analogy I can think of on
short-term versus long-term. Now, I'm
not suggesting that an investor that's
been in Tesla for years, 5 years now, is
a short-term investor. I'm just saying
that when you look at these companies,
there's the short-term trajectory and
what they're executing on this year and
next year for both of them. And we can
have reasonable discussions about how
quickly each one of them is going to
progress on their various business
lines. But then there's also the the
longer-term picture
about what is that big future look like
for Tesla, what are the bottlenecks and
constraints along the way, how much do
they need SpaceX in order to get over
those bottlenecks and constraints, and
vice versa for SpaceX,
the bottlenecks and constraints they
have in their business, and how could
Tesla help with that?
And then the whole discussion on top of
that is is the combined company
are there the, you know, synergies?
Which is the worst possible word you can
use when you're talking about mergers
because most of the time there aren't
synergies.
But you could imagine for two Elon-run
companies
there would be some synergies because
right now we've heard and we heard him
complain about this on the Q1 earnings
call
that there's some challenges in getting
the independent directors to evaluate
everything and they he was clearly
frustrated by that.
So that's what I'm picking up on it and
as I look at this analysis, I'm thinking
about him and saying, "Okay, how do I
streamline this?"
Because this is hard enough, by the way,
what he's trying to do here.
You know, right? The the numbers for
Terrafab, this is a a colossal effort.
And I can't imagine he's too excited
about, you know, somebody saying, "Well,
I know, we need to get the independent
directors to look at this before we can
move forward." That that must just
rub Elon the the wrong way.