Channel:     investingagainstthegrain
Title:       Bulls vs Bears is The Market About to Correct
URL:         https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xwHS21addyw
Published:   2026-06-02 20:28 UTC
Fetched:     2026-06-02 21:00 UTC

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

As we enter June, you're going to start
hearing more and more of people talking
about selloffs and corrections. Why?
Because the stock market's at all-time
highs and we're essentially getting into
that halfway point of the year. We're
going to see this more and more. And
like I said, you've seen Tom Lee talk
about a 20% sell-off. You're going to
see lots of bears come out. They've
already been coming out. But I want to
try to maybe get a little noise and
signal separation here so we can see
what's signal. So I'll tell you some of
the classic noise that people talk
about. So the buffet indicator. So
essentially what the Buff indicator does
is it takes the total stock market value
and compares it to the US GDP. And
currently we're sitting at 237%. This is
all-time highs. The problem with the
Buff indicator is that it only looks at
the US GDP and it only looks at the
total stock market returns for the US.
The problem with GDP is that now our GDP
is not the best metric to understand the
valuation earnings for companies. Why?
because companies get about 40% of all
their profits now from overseas. This
indicator that really started at the end
of the '90s or early 2000s is not
something that I think is really a good
predictor of what's to come. It's just
something that gets a lot of clicks
because it's got the name Buffett in it.
I think that's just noise and you're
going to see a lot of that. I guarantee
it. The other one's the cape ratio. The
cape ratio essentially measures stock
prices compared to their last 10-year
inflationadjusted earnings. The problem
with the cape ratio once again is that
it does not take into account all of the
productivity we've seen, all the
technology changes that we've had, AI,
productivity, software, SAS, all that,
and it's looking back 10 years. So,
there's a lot of anomalies there. The
other anomalies that it doesn't account
for the fact that we saw all everything
that happened with COVID in 2022, we had
shutdowns. It doesn't account for that
noise. And so, that is currently sitting
at a 42.7. again extremely high, second
only to do bubble. But again, it's noise
and it only looks at the US. It doesn't
take into account the rest of the world.
So again, that's another one we can just
ignore in my opinion. But you're going
to hear a lot of noise about it. It's
you're going to see it. Everyone's going
to talk about it. Buffet indicator, cape
ratio. What's the other one? Margin
debt. Right now, we're at historic
levels at 1.3 trillion in margin debt.
Now margin debt people will say is a
good indicator because margin will tell
will tell you that right now we have
excessive speculation
people taking margin out to buy stocks
and this is risky right this is
essentially what was happening in 1929.
The fear that they're going to put out
there is that we're at 1.3 trillion. Why
is that maybe not a cogent way of
looking at things? Yes, we're at
all-time highs but we're also at all
times highs in credit card debt. That's
another one you hear people talk about.
But of course we are. We have more money
than we've ever had. We have higher
prices for everything. We have higher
inflation for everything. You can also
say that wealth is at all-time highs.
Money and money markets all-time highs.
The valuation is at all-time highs.
Houses are at all-time highs.
Everything's at all-time highs. But what
they'll do is they'll cherrypick the 1.3
trillion debt, record credit card uh
levels of debt, record amount of people
being delinquent on their debt when it
comes to credit cards, like all this.
But of course, we're society. We've
grown. We print money. It's grown. These
may sound scary and they make good for
headlines and clicks for all this media
out there. But again, it's noise. Is
there anything we can use to actually
find some signal? Well, when it comes to
metrics like this, I would say there is
one, and that is a inverted yield curve.
What does that mean? Well, just so you
know, a inverted yield curve, first of
all, has predicted every recession that
we've ever had since the 1950s. That's
interesting. But what it is essentially
if the two-year yields pay more than the
10-year for example that's an inverted
yield curve because really we should be
paying more for 10 years than two years.
When those invert that is signal that
hey something's wrong with the economy
because we're paying more for shorter
term duration rather than longterm
duration. And that is a classic signal
that we're coming up into a recession.
However, it's not that clean. While it
was a good predictor going into the.com
bubble, the.com bust and if you would
have seen that, you would have acted
accordingly, sold some assets, gotten
cash heavy, d-risisk, you would have
been great. But if you would have done
that in the great recession period,
well, it inverted at the end of 2006,
but really we didn't peak for the great
recession till 18 months later in ' 07.
It would have been about 18 months of
you sitting out of the market. You would
been you would have felt probably like
you were really early or that you were
wrong this time. and you would have made
decisions that you probably would have
regretted in the moment. Now again,
hindsight, you'd be like, "Oh, that was
a brilliant move." But let we have to
think reality. I I want to tell you
things that you can go and actually use
in the real world. And we all know in
the real world, if we make a decision to
derisk and sell a lot of assets, get
cash heavy, and be protected, and for
the next 18 months, we just see the
market go up, we're going to feel like
idiots. That's not going to be the best
signal for us either. But it is one for
us to pay attention to. And so that's
why I will keep it on the list. We'll
put a pin in that for a second.
Schiller, Buffett, Margin. Hey, it's
interesting to look at, but we got to
ignore them. The the other reason to
ignore them too is cuz keep in mind the
Schiller and the Buffett uh indicators,
those can stay high for long periods of
time, like years before we ever see a
recession or anything. But the inverted
yield curve tends to actually be a
pretty good signal that things are about
to happen, not too long. The only again
hiccup on that was during the Great
Recession. But again, let's put a pin on
that one for a second because maybe we
can couple that with something else. So,
most of you know that I like to look at
momentum indicators. I'm not a technical
analysis person. I don't like doing
charts and all that stuff, but momentum
is real. Momentum is real in life, in
nature, whether it's a river or an
ocean. It's real in with physics, with
electricity. It's real in little things
like when you're studying or you're
starting to work on something and you
start to get some momentum. It's real in
sports when one team has momentum versus
the other one. Momentum is also real in
the stock market. And I like to look at
it to let me know a little bit about
where things are going because I think
the market is a much better predictor of
what's to come than any of the talking
heads out there. So, let's look at some
examples. What I'm going to be using
throughout this is going to be the BX
trender. We've talked about that a lot,
but we're going to be looking at it from
a monthly perspective. So, each one of
these bars you're going to see on the BX
Trender is a monthly. So here, let's
take a look at this. You can see that
we've got three different indicators
here. The very top, that's just the
stock price. Below that, where you see
those uh dark red uh bars and then light
bars and light green and then dark green
bars, that's the BX trender. That's
where we're going be focusing on. And
below that is the RSI, relative strength
indicator. So, I want you to focus in
the middle here, just the BX trender.
For this first example, what I want us
to look at is Monday, uh Monday the 3rd,
January 2022. Really, what we're looking
at is just January 2022. If you guys
remember 2022 was a very rough time in
the market because it came right after
drone pow at the end of 2021 said that
they were going to start raising rates.
It also was right before uh Russia
invaded Ukraine. So if you recall pretty
much for most of 2022 market was not
great. It was actually really really bad
and it was the one of the longest
stretches we've had in quite some time
with a bad market. However, if you look
here, if you would have seen the monthly
go red here on Monday, uh the 3rd of
January 2022, and you would have sold
out of there. Now, if you look above
4,778 is where the S&amp;P currently was.
All these are going to be S&amp;P. So, it
was at 4,778. All right? You would have
gotten out there and avoided the rundown
all the way down to 3,200, call it 3,300
on the S&amp;P. And you would have avoided
that entire thing just by looking at the
monthly BX trend there because it told
you the momentum was going red. and that
would have been a signal for you to get
out. So that worked in 2022. Let's look
at another example. Here we have CO.
Here we can see again that the monthly
turned red and if we would have gotten
out at about 3,382 was the peak and
let's say we got out at the bottom of
this monthly, we would have gotten out,
you know, maybe 200 points lower, but we
would have avoided the 25% drop that the
S&amp;P did. And this was during COVID. All
right, so it worked there as well. Let's
see another one here. Again, you can see
where I have the current uh line going
through it that it was green. But then
the very next month, it goes uh red. So
October, as you can see on the bottom
there, Monday, October 1st, 2007, that
was the peak of the market going into
the Great Recession. The very next
month, you can see there printed red.
Now, if you would have gotten out there,
yes, you would have given up some gains,
okay? But you would have gone from call
it almost 1,600 and you would have
gotten out about 1,400. Again, that's
200 points. You would have been down,
but you would have avoided the 50 plus
percent that the market dropped, right?
It dropped like 60%. You would have
avoided all of that and that was the
great recession. Now, remember the
inverted yield curve lag by 18 months.
So, if you would have had the inverted
yield curve plus looked at this for your
indicator, that would have been a really
good signal for you. Let's see if
there's another example. Take a look at
this one here. Once again, we can see
that we go from light from dark red to
light red. Exactly where I have this
line going from top to bottom here on
the BX trender. And that's actually a
positive momentum signal telling us,
hey, hey, you know, the momentum is
changing to the upside, right? When you
see it go from dark red to a a smaller
light red bar. That's a good indicator.
So, here we could see that we went from
a dark red to the left of this line I
have going up and down the dotted line.
Uh, and it went to a lighter smaller red
bar. That tells you that market's going
up. Okay, great, right? That's a good
thing. However, this was the peak of the
dot bubble. This was the peak. And so,
it was a good signal for telling us that
the market was going to keep going up a
little bit more. But look at this. The
very next one is a dark little, but it's
a dark red one. Why is it dark? Well,
because it's a lower low compared to the
light red ones, right? So, when we have
lower lows, it's going to go dark red.
So, this again would have told you, hey,
time to get out. You don't need to be in
in the stock market whenever we see that
the BX trend on the monthly is red. And
should you have done that, if you would
have just done that, you would have
avoided this entire massive drop, again,
more than a 50% drop on the entire
market, and you would have been able to
avoid all of it. So, now let's look at
where we currently are in the market,
especially since we can anticipate a lot
of this fear and doomsday that we're
going to hear from all the talking heads
out there. Let's look at where we
currently are. What's the monthly BX
currently saying about where we are? So,
here we can see, again, I have the
dotted line going through it. This is
where we currently are sitting. This is
the end of May. May has officially
closed out on the BX trender because the
month of May is closed out and it
printed green. If you look at the month
before that, April, it was light red.
Why is it light red again? Because the
previous month was March and March went
from dark red, which would be lower low
to light red, which means that momentum
is changing up. And as we all know,
April was a great month. As we all know,
May was a great month. But as we also
all know, March was not a great month.
See how this works? Pretty good. Pretty
reliable, isn't it? So, as far as I'm
concerned right now in this market,
we're actually in good shape. I'm not
too worried about it. At least not when
I look at the BX trender. Now, with
looking at all this, maybe you guys were
also looking at the RSI, the line below
that. Here's the problem with the RSI,
which also has the same problem with the
K Schiller and the Buff indicator. The
RSI can be overbought, meaning at the
very top, a lot longer than anything
that's real signal for us when it comes
to making decisions in the market. The
same goes with the Quesilla and the
Buffett indicator. It's not that they're
completely useless, is that they're not
good barometers for is something
happening in the market. Momentum is a
good barometer for that. So, let's give
you just an example of how RSI can just
stay high for a very long time. So,
let's look here. This is again still on
that same monthly time table, but look
at RSI, that line at the the line at the
very bottom. And you can see that it's
overbought. It's above 70 for all these
months really years from essentially mid
1996 all the way to call it mid 1998 to
1999. It was a it was overbought. Okay.
So that would not have been a great
signal for you to get out of the market.
However, if you look at the monthly BX,
it would have. If you're going to sit
there and worry about what should you
do, when should you get out, is the
market too frothy? Well, we're going to
look at a couple other things. But I
would say if you're looking for some
type of indicator for a recession or
something to really be concerned about,
I would do two things. One, I would keep
an eye on the monthly to see what's
going on. Let's see where where momentum
is going. And that should be a good
indicator for you to maybe do something
or not do something. For me, if I see
the monthly go red, you know what I'm
going to do? I'm going to lighten up on
my on my trades. I might do some
defensive trades uh for my my holdings.
As you all know, I'm essentially an
all-in Tesla investor. So, maybe I'll
sell some calls, uh, some some covered
calls to protect my shares, especially
if I see the monthly going down, because
it's just going to allow me to get ahead
and properly risk mitigate what's going
on. Right now, I think things are good.
And the other thing I would keep an eye
out for is the 10 and 2-year yield
inversion. Right now, we're not
inverted. Everything looks healthy. The
2-year is currently sitting about 4% and
the 10ear at about 4.45%. This is
healthy. This is very normal. And if the
two-year goes from 4% up to 5% and the
10-year is still at that 4.4%, that's
inversion. Then we have a problem. As a
reminder, we've got new dates for the
options crash course and the zero day
course in the links below. And if you
like this clip, you can watch the full
video right