Channel:     brighterwithherbert
Title:       Tesla’s Robotaxi Rollout Might Explode Soon
URL:         https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3m3d2CPAyWA
Published:   2026-04-15 13:30 UTC
Fetched:     2026-04-15 14:00 UTC

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

It's very obvious now that Tesla plans
on a massive scale roll out of its robo
taxi service. So, while many investors
are disappointed in what they're seeing
as painfully slow dripby drip increase
in a service in Austin and California,
if you look at the hiring spree, it's
clear Tesla will launch not only in a
seven planned cities by June, but
actually they're already setting the
stage to launch in 34 cities at some
point in the future. Tesla's hiring
self-driving data collection
supervisors, day, night, and graveyard
positions. 46% of the US population will
be covered with these markets. Edison U
of Deutsche Bank tested the robo taxi
service in Austin. And his only
complaint was the map routing logic and
more firms like Caner Fitzgerald are
more bullish now given the EU FSD
approval milestone and expansion plans
that they say support the outlook. So,
should we expect a continued slow roll
out or might Tesla surprise with a
hockey stick launch? The question as
always is yes, but when? We got Joe
Bacti here with us today. He's an
economist, investor, and tech
entrepreneur. He has a YouTube channel
covering both Tesla and AGI. Check out
his website and community at
pionerlands.org.
Welcome, Joe.
&gt;&gt; Good to be back.
&gt;&gt; Did you see this? This is pretty big.
Uh, few people have talked about it.
Thank you to Tesla Yoda as always. He
tracks all these job postings that Tesla
has. Tesla's hiring, actively hiring
self-driving data collection supervisors
in 34 cities. 34 cities. And many of
these cities as you go down the list
here are not even cities you'd even
talked about yet. Uh, one of them, of
course, is Belleview, Washington. This
is near where I live. And so, I can't
wait to be able to test it out myself.
But, you know, this is the last place I
thought that Tesla would roll out uh
self-driving robo taxis because it's
just the weather, the hills, those kind
of things. And this is the job uh
posting data collection supervisor,
self-driving, highintensity
actionoriented leader to accelerate our
vehicle level testing, supporting and
coordinating local operations, assisting
with troubleshooting and incident
reporting as needed. So this is uh an
expert in self-driving concepts with
ability to track data deeply, train
drivers across various testing tracks,
provide constructive feedback to the
team. These are supervisors that will be
in charge of a bunch of vehicle
operators and then you're tracking all
the data. So they're definitely setting
the stage. Ronet said that uh this is he
thinks cyberc validation for robo taxi.
So you would have a bunch of robo cyber
cabs out there. You would be testing
them in these cities. 46% of US
population would be covered with these
markets. 28 out of 34 of these cities
follow way's future deployments. Uh
what's your thinking about this? There
is no doubt in my mind when you put
these data points together. The scaling
of cyber cap what Joe Techm publishes
with the drones where you see these
dozens and dozens of cyber caps every
single day coming out of the factory.
when you see the sightings of the cyber
caps all across the nation and then of
course these job posts that give us
insight right into the operations you
can read what they have to do it's all
robo taxi so when you put that all
together I think what we see is
that they are starting to build that
infrastructure in earnest they're
building it all over the place don't
just look at the cities also look at the
states Louisiana Texas, Illinois,
Kansas, it's all over the place. It's
everywhere. New York,
uh, New Jersey, Nevada, Washington, it's
all in there. So, when you put this
together, that's already half of the
population of the United States these
states and or more at this point. So,
for me, these are all signs. The bad
news is it's not going to be what I
predicted in April and May to get to
1800 unsupervised. It's not a clean
simple forcing function. Buy the stock
goes to a thousand we all rich in June
which could have happened but I'm pretty
sure now this is not happening that way.
What we see is a systematic
widespread nearly nationwide
halfnationwide rollout of the actual
infrastructure while FSD is now going
towards version 15 which might be the
you know the final version. But I think
we have to take a step back and not
think, oh, when is the version coming
where they switch the switch and then
everything is unsupervised. I think this
is going to be an accelerated grind
similar to Whimo, only much faster, but
still a grind. It's not from Sunday to
Monday, here's 7 million robo taxis.
It's going to be okay, let's grind it
all out and build out this
infrastructure all over the place while
we are ramping up unsupervised.
So I think my best bet is now I still
have to construct their exact thesis for
the trajectory but we will see all these
states coming online latest in H2 in the
second half but many of them in the
first half. We will see more and more
supervised robo taxis all over the place
with drivers and we will at some point
see unsupervised scaling but it might
also not be oh it's 11 then 20 then 40
then 80 maybe it's slower who knows. So
I think we have to basically dig in
while this curve is really accelerating
and it's going to be rolled out. That's
I think the scenario.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; And I think the market will be fine with
it. I mean I I like the stock a lot here
because it can run $120 up without even
anything happening from here just to get
back to alltime highs. So I think it's
good. I think we have a nice trajectory
stock-wise in front of us now. uh where
this can fade in and then we see if it
can go above all-time highs based on
what we see on the ground in like three
months or something. Uh but that's my
take.
&gt;&gt; Okay. I I saw that you made a post um
several days ago where you said that you
think that version 15 is what's going to
be needed before you can get to true
unsupervised like robo taxi rollout. Uh
do you still believe that?
&gt;&gt; Yes. based on what Elon said, based on
that it seems to be the 10x version and
based on the timing of these releases
that that might happen three months or
two months. That's fair. Uh lots of
people don't agree with you. Uh we've
done many shows with version 14.3. The
biggest unlock there was the 20% faster
reaction time. And that alone should
boost safety significantly.
And nothing that we're seeing from Tesla
says that
&gt;&gt; you have to now wait for version 15 and
we punt the ball and we're not going to
grow anymore. You know, I think there's
enough here.
&gt;&gt; It's also not as black and white. So
what I think is version 15 is at at the
minimum needed for a real scale. But you
know if that happens in two months or
even three months, I think it might
happen in two months because now the
iterations are faster. In the meantime,
you can still scale, right? They could I
mean of course with that current version
they might add another 10 20 30
unsupervised I don't think that's any
kind of problem. So the truth might be
just in between it's not black or white
right what if they just use that version
and they scale it to 20 and then 30 in
the next two months and then we have
version 15 and then they scale to 100 so
then we were all right so I don't think
this is like too mutually exclusive
because version 15 is around the corner
anyway. All right. Uh just to we've not
seen knock on wood any more safety
incidents. And so we've had five in
December 15th to January 15th. We had
one in January 15th to February 15th.
And that was just a fender bender. And
so far, knocking wood, we haven't seen
anything. We won't know until a few days
from now. We'll know whether or not what
happened last month. Okay. So, uh,
here's where we're at right now with the
FSD tracker. Again, this is flawed, but
at least it's something we've been
tracking. There's 573,
uh, vehicles that are available. Doesn't
mean that they're all being used at the
same time. There's 11 unsupervised robo
taxis now. Um, so it's growing, you
know, one by one, blip by blip. As you
know, FSE was approved in the
Netherlands
and that is going to go wide and because
the general manager for the RDW actually
already submitted to the EU member
states that they should go ahead and
adopt it as well. And then um Ashok and
a bunch of others confirmed that this is
not just the EU member states which is
27 other states. It's going to be many
other countries follow this decision.
So, this could go wider by the end of
the summer. Uh, here's Keith Roland
Chop. Uh, had him on my channel. He's
from Europe and he's Amsterdam,
actually, and he's had 2 days FSE streak
now, 672 km. He's been going wild on
this thing. Uh, but take a look at the
uh the screenshot. Elon confirmed that
the version that they have, although
it's called version 14.2.2.5,
it's a different version numbers, he
said, but it basically is 14.3 is what
he said. This is the uh visuals of what
you see when you track how often you're
using self-driving versus not using it.
And I think that they're actually this
is actually the new version. I think
we're going to get this. I think we're
going to see this. They're actually
ahead of us in getting the latest
version possible. I think is what's
happening. So that's rolling out. Um
before we talk about uh what's happening
with the institutional analyst though,
so you the big question is when. So you
see them hiring all these people. uh
just because they're hiring them is
still data collection. It could take
years before they actually roll out a
program. Uh we know here in Whimo, here
in Seattle, they've had cars here with
liar testing this place for 10 years. 10
years. So just because you have these
guys data collecting doesn't mean it's
going to roll out. Uh but what's your
thinking about? What's your timing of
when will they roll this out to 34
cities? You know, I think this is a
multi-dimensional equation and
ultimately the only people who know the
answer, that's how I view it from a
investment perspective and stock timing
perspective, the only people who know
maybe the truth or at least have the
best take on the truth is the Tesla
team, right? No one else knows anything
as well. They see all the data. They
know their plan. They know where it
might be going and so we can't look into
their minds. The best next thing we can
do is look at their actions
&gt;&gt; and the fact that they are going into 34
cities now with actually hiring pretty
aggressive hiring that they're actually
ramping cyber cap that they're actually
starting to deploy them everywhere means
they see momentum let me put it like
this they see enough momentum to go all
out with a major major management and
capex and recruitment effort. This is
all very complicated, expensive stuff to
actually start putting, you know, the
pieces down on the board. There's
basically a giant board. That's the
United States plus Europe. In Europe,
it's very early, but in the United
States, they are now willing to buy the
pieces and put them down all over the
map. And that's not, you know, that
costs money and has some kind of
momentum. So, I do think that the Tesla
team based on the actions that we see
feels the momentum. I think they see the
light at the end of the tunnel. No pun
intended. And the cameras see the light
at the end of the tunnel. And uh they
see, okay, this is like the final piece
of the puzzle. Yeah, that's my feeling
that I get here. What does it mean in
terms of timing?
The question is, does that really
matter? Like if we see real advant
advancements here, we see all this
recruitment, we see all the robo taxes,
we see all the testing going on and then
at some point in the future we will see
these unsupervised cars ticking up and
I'm more and more on the side of CERN
Basher with this. Does it even matter?
I don't think so that it matters too
much the absolute number because
whatever it is once they achieve real
growth month over month unsupervised
even if it's from 11 to 22 you're off to
the races because then the fantasies on
like oh maybe that's it.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. You're talking about stock. Yeah.
It doesn't matter for stock. Okay.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; Uh
&gt;&gt; so I think like clearly this entire
infrastructure is being built up and
this is all moving in the right
direction and it's not even moving
slowly. Cyber cap is scaling not even
that slowly. The remaining final piece
of the puzzle, but that's nearly too
late for the stock because when that
happens, everyone knows it is
unsupervised scaling. And I do think
that can basically happen any time now.
Like we don't know it can happen any
week like any week. Like who would be
surprised that you if you wake up
tomorrow and you see unsupervised went
to 222? No one. It's like well that's
what we are waiting for. Of course it's
going to happen. So that's how I see it.
I I think that's the big question. And I
I do not think now with all the
attention on this that my original
thesis, oh, you have to wait until
1,800. I don't think you have to wait.
If this scales to 100, it's going to be
enough. Everyone's going to freak out.
&gt;&gt; All right. So initially you were saying
for several months here that 1,800 2,000
cars you calculated uh unsupervised robo
taxis is important because that number
calculated based on margins revenue and
all that is significant enough that it's
a you call a forcing function for other
for investors that you go okay this is
significant and from there grows you're
saying okay maybe you don't have to wait
for that anymore maybe just a little bit
just growth is what matters
&gt;&gt; the reason I said that is Because at
1,800 based on my model, we are at 5%
annualized free cash flow.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; Of the entire company. So that's for me
the point. If it grows at 100% or 50%
month over month, that is the point
where you can go into any basement
dwelling little analyst who's against
Tesla and can drag him out on the in the
sunlight like okay dude it's over. I've
lost and he would admit it's like yeah I
lost. So that's why I call it forcing
function. That does not mean if the
sentiment shifts and it has shifted.
That's what I mean. Yes.
&gt;&gt; Analysts are not gonna be much more
aggressive and gonna say, "Dude, if this
scales to 50 and then to 100, I'm all
like it's game over. I'm all in." So, I
always talk about the most resistant
anti-analysts that you can then drag
them out of the basement at 1,800,
right? Because it's game over. It's just
massive cash flow. Of course with this
sentiment we have now market turning
super bullish now with Iran more or less
over AI story coming back in everyone
staring at SpaceX everyone knowing about
robo taxi I think now it's just the
question when does it start scaling and
scaling means any kind of reasonably
fast incremental increase of
unsupervised
which could happen now any time. So we
have to watch secondary indicators which
are what you showed now 34 cities
supervisor data collection supervisors
and cyber cap deployment.
So that's for me enough to be very
bullish especially at the stock at this
price of the stock.
&gt;&gt; Exactly. So yesterday I reported on a
couple of institutional analysts who
have changed their sentiment now
specifically because of EU FSE approval
but also FSE version 14.3. So you're
right the sentiment is changing. I'll
report on a couple more now here too.
But before we do that, uh you said one
of the your biggest thing is always um
actually why don't I go ahead and do
that? Let's go right to the the uh the
notes here. So we have Deutsche Bank
here talking about Edison U. He tested
Tesla Model Y robo taxi in Austin
and again takes him forever to actually
go there and test this stuff. It's
crazy.
From a technology perspective, the
experience was impressive and seamless.
No disengagements, no issues. In dense
traffic, the vehicle was able to handle
merges, initiate lane change signals,
and navigate around a truck that changed
lanes. Look at his title. A Wall Street
analyst rode in a taxi robo taxi. He
revealed one problem Elon Musk must
overcome. Focus right on the problem. Uh
bottom line, the problem is simply
mapping. That's it. That's not even
really a real problem. The routing
problem. Um, so he basically he
experienced it for the first time. It
did include a safety monitor in the
front passenger seat. Uh, as we know,
the monitor didn't have to intervene
once, but his presence was a reminder
that we're still in the validation phase
of the robo taxi roll out.
Uh, from a technology perspective, yeah,
it was impressive. I read that the only
frustration was perhaps a route logic.
The car appeared to have opted for a
significant detour to avoid a certain
route it isn't yet authorized to use.
Well, duh. This is a geoenced area.
While a human driver would have likely
muscled through the traffic on the
highway, the system prioritized more
local routes, turning a 20-minute trip
into nearly 40 minutes. Okay, that's
pretty bad. That would be really bad.
Ultimately, we think this issue will
solve for itself once operating
parameters expand further.
Yeah. So this is a person testing it out
and after you experience it yourself,
you're pretty clear, right?
Once you see it for yourself, it's hard
for you to debate anymore whether or not
this is a real thing or not a real thing
despite the person sitting there because
they do nothing.
&gt;&gt; And this is all very important. Even
though we think here because we're a
little more forward thinking and at the
bleeding edge of this thing, we think,
oh great report, like what is this all
about? But this is very normie main
street mainstream main street reporting
in the Wall Street Journal and Deutsche
Bank. These are all important things to
prepare the field right these these are
all these little trickles into all these
standard funds that now learn oh maybe
it's really happening because you read
this art like well it's not far away and
that prepares people that's exactly what
I referred to before we don't need to
see much to actually get the stock much
higher and repriced. Yeah,
&gt;&gt; at this point everyone is so formatted
and prepared in their brains like oh god
this autonomy is really coming and Tesla
seems to be really far ahead together
with Whimo that's what them normies
think and so at the minute you can plot
multiple data points let's say three
months of growth and unsupervised into
some crazy curve even if it's tiny even
if it's 11 20 30
right I think it's enough at least to
get some some nervous rally like not a
total repricing but like 10 20 30% up.
&gt;&gt; Okay. And what we are still seeing it
what from everything I'm seeing right
now tell me if I'm wrong but it looks
like that number one there isn't a major
problem. Now things are delayed. There's
no doubt about that. You can't argue
that things were not delayed compared to
what Elon promised
and what possibly what even the company
promised because they did say we would
have these seven cities we would already
have supervised and we would double
every month. They said that in January
in the earnings call that doesn't
happen. So there's no doubt that it's
been delayed. But if you look at okay
well why was it delayed? Yeah. 14.3
finally come out. That's out now. It
still hasn't gone wide release, but that
will go wide release. The response by
everybody with it is fantastic. They
love it. Uh across the board, people are
saying this is ready to go wide release
and it's looking very, very good. Then
you've got CyberCap, as you said, that
looks like it's progressing quite
nicely. Nothing there is indicating to
us it's slowed down. You got the hiring
that looks really good. So everything
else is kind of like stopped. Nothing's
moving in terms of growth in Austin or
California, but everything around it
seems to be growing. So, are you is
there anything you see that you think
that is, you know, the whole premise is
now done. It's over with or do you think
actually the opposite you're actually
seeing more and more signs now to prove
that this is actually going to go and
it's going to go at scale? I think when
we take a step back and see the stock
action and what happened on the ground
with FSD 14.3 it's very revealing
because it was clearly from a market
perspective a disappointment the
reaction to 14.3 people were
disappointed and when you take a step
back and look at 14.3 it's just a
massive leap forward it's completely
overhauled the system it's now much
faster iterations extremely powerful
that system and It's vastly better. 20%
reaction time improvement is is insane
when you really think about it and
people actually sense it. So I think
it's very indicative what's going on
here. It's kind of a big disappointment
from a perception level while being a
massive improvement, a really massive
improvement on the substance level which
means we were you know which means
people are kind of ready to embrace
autonomy. I think there's like why is it
not here yet? It's not anymore like will
it ever happen? Can Tesla actually do
it? It's more every month like I thought
they would have a million robo taxes.
What's going on? And then they don't and
then it's a disappointment. But when you
look at the substance, everything is
moving actually pretty quickly. And so
that is an interesting setup. It means
the market is completely prepared and
formatted to drive that to the moon once
it works. They're just constantly being
disappointed because they expect it
should happen now. And so I don't think
and the stock is down. So I I think
altogether this is incredibly bullish.
That's what I think. I think we are on
this trajectory now where we constantly
see progress where the incremental
improvements will even accelerate now
and they're already pretty good over the
last six months. I think they will now
accelerate because that model is better
and version 15 the 10x model is actually
coming. And someone did this analysis
when these big leaps, the big version
number ticks are actually happening. And
basically when you look at it, we would
expect it in two months. So it could be
even faster than that. So I think you
know it's kind of a giant this is not a
small little startup operation. It's a
giant thing and I think it can't be
stopped at this point. And I think
everyone sees it's clearly working and
now it's just this disappointment. Why
don't they scale? That's not a bad
position to be in in my opinion.
&gt;&gt; I do I do see I did a show on 14.3 and
AI drivers video. You guys need to watch
that. He does such a great job. He
showed what 20% increase in reaction
time means. So 14.3 there was this he
has several examples of this. It's
fantastic. So there's you know how the
cars are parked on the right side.
uh his car with 14.3 started to slow
down and because one of the parked cars,
you know, and you're driving, you're not
paying attention to all this, it's rear
lights turn on. It starts to slow down
and then you actually physically feel
the car breaks breaks heavily. And
everybody who watched that clip didn't
know at first, why did it break like
that? They couldn't see it. Well, he
slowed it down and he took a look what
actually happened. And the car that was
parked started to move into the lane.
Just started a little move. So that's
why it broke a little bit. Just broke a
little bit. Then it realized it stopped.
And so then it it went around. It went
around it. Right. And then he slowed it
down frame by frame. And he actually saw
the driver of the parked car give the
thumbs up basically going, "Oh, I'm
sorry. Sorry." Like that. Right. So he
showed that. And so that's how fast the
car can do. Then the immediately the
light turned yellow and so as soon as it
turned yellow he clocked it at 02
seconds
2 seconds the car started to slow down
already and then later you see the uh
the display turned yellow on the display
to to say that hey I saw it but it
already slowed down even before that
display did and he said that the average
human is 1.5 seconds when you see a
yellow light before you react this is 2
seconds. That's how quick this moves. So
that is critically like that is why
you're going to have much much less
accidents happening. That's the most
important thing.
&gt;&gt; I think what we also have to wrap our
head around now that this becomes real
is this is not a small product launch.
Like we are talking about the biggest
greatest infrastructure roll out
probably ever in transportation. You're
talking about millions and tens of
millions of these things being rolled
out all over the place and replacing
everything. This is like a major
operation. So it's very important that
you don't plan it like a little gimmick
and science project. Oh, let's make like
20 of these things unsupervised drive
around somewhere. But it's like no, we
are preparing for total takeover. This
is needs to be very well prepared. And
that's what they're doing there. That's
why they're doing it in parallel in all
these cities. That's where they're
keeping a focus on safety. That's why
they're still extremely investing in
improving that model and increasing
incremental iteration speed because this
is not a joke. It's a giant operation.
&gt;&gt; So if if if the issue was operations, if
that because I know I think I've heard
you say before that uh you think that
it's multi-dimensional, there's many
different reasons why they've slowed
everything down, why it hasn't gone as
fast as we all want. Uh but my argument
to you would be that if it is an
operational issue, they would have
focused their entire attention on one
particular new city, five new cities,
let's say, which is what they're
planning to do. Just go focus on that,
fix all the operations. But what we're
seeing them do is lay the groundwork for
34 cities. So I still lean on that is
not the operation as the primary reason
why they've slowed everything down. It
is and I know you disagree with me. I
think it is 14.3 because they are
waiting for absolute reduction in safety
uh increase in safety, reduction in
potential access. Even the fender
benders stop anything from happening
with 14.3 now 20% success. They they're
not going to go and say, "Oh, oh, now I
can do 20 more cars."
No. I think what that means is it's like
a binary. It's like this thing I've
solved autonomy. It is so safe now. Now
I can roll out lots and lots of cars.
Like if I can do 20, why can't I do 200?
What's the difference? If it increases
uh accidents, then okay, you want to do
20. But if you've already been testing
it for so long and that's what, you
know, without having to add others. Uh
do you disagree with that?
&gt;&gt; I don't think I do not think it will
just be a switch. I think everything is
statistic and probabilistic stuff. I
think there might be an inflection point
at some point where they say, "Okay,
let's start scaling." But I think they
will still be cautious. They will still
say, "Okay, let's do 20. Let's do 40.
Let's do 80." They're not going to say,
"Oh, we got 40. Let's do 4,000."
It's just unwise in my opinion. I think
they need to be
well, they already have a lot of data
with a supervised. I mean, supervised is
effectively fully autonomous because
they're not doing anything. They're just
sitting in there. But
Tesla has the data. It's not going to be
perfect
at any point. There's always a
statistical. It's the march of the
nines, right? So if it's, you know, you
can afford basically a certain amount of
unsupervised vehicles. And right now
they're saying, well, we can basically
afford none or 10. At some point they're
going to say, we can afford 50. Let's do
that and see what happens. And there
will be all kinds of little things
happening. Not even safety related.
Maybe they got stuck when charging, I
don't know, and then someone has to go
there and they don't have enough people.
So, I think they see all these metrics
and they they have to optimize them over
time. You saw also in this update a lot
of things were not safety critical
updates. They were just operationally
critical like parking lot identification
and stuff like that.
&gt;&gt; Well, that that is actually the the the
big release I think is reasoning for the
end destination is what they called it.
They added that first. Why would you add
the reasoning for the end destination
first before you add reasoning for the
other like uh light stop lightss and so
forth? Because robo taxi if you got the
reasoning on end destination then you've
got that part a little bit better dialed
in.
&gt;&gt; Yeah,
&gt;&gt; exactly. So yeah, I so I think here's
what we have to be prepared for. We have
to be prepared for this might take a
little bit longer and at the same time
we have to be prepared for it might not
take a little bit longer.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. So I think from a stock risk
perspective, right, you don't want to
not be in this stock right now because
it might happen May. Still might happen
May or it could take a lot longer. Yeah.
Like they
&gt;&gt; or it could take a lot longer. So I
think
&gt;&gt; we can be sure at this point it's going
to happen. It's going to happen in the
next 12 months or something. Yeah. But
it could happen easily in two months. So
that's how you have to play the stock in
my opinion. And we have to of course
watch the news because you want to be
even a day having front front runninging
this a day or two days is already more
than enough in my opinion.
&gt;&gt; So I I like the way Jeff Lutz uh
positioned everything. He said you got
to look at four things right. So there
is software which is the safety level of
FSE how how good self-driving is there's
the hardware how how many cars can you
produce? How many cyber cabs
specifically? There's regulation.
And then there is operations. So if I
look at those four things and that's why
I'm saying I'm not discounting
operations. I'm saying it's probably the
least of the four. Regulation was right
at the top. But now the good signs is
looking like regulation as well at least
in Europe here. You know Kther
Fitzgerald this is their note. They said
Netherlands approves FSE first European
regulatory approval FSE roll out in
Europe expected to be more countries by
2026. all of that. That is the big the
big deal. That's what the positiveness
is regulatory progress because in order
for that to have happened they did
tremendous rigorous testing for
&gt;&gt; and it's also like this regulations like
I always said they're not a problem
because people think I don't know what
people think they think all these
countries have like oh here's our here's
our robo taxi requirements. No the
course no country has robo taxi
requirements. There are no robo taxis.
So it's about okay fine there's a new
thing what do we do now and what
regulators do normally is like I don't
know what to do like look let's look at
the other guys and let's look what this
is and if it works and then come up with
the rules right so I think the more this
thing works the easier it becomes and
then most importantly in the United
States I did the work last year uh there
are no you know there are nearly no
regulations in a lot of states you can
just
&gt;&gt; it's the opposite of what people think
&gt;&gt; what what people think oh you need to do
no in New York and California yeah they
have a bunch of stuff in all the other
in in in Kansas, in in in Georgia, in
Illinois, they literally say whatever.
Put it on this road. Just don't kill
anyone. If you kill someone, we can sue
you.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; So, up to you. So, that's why I always
said this. You can you can get 160
million Americans or something without
any regulations in my opinion, like
cover them. So, so that's not a problem.
Um, but I agree with you like ultimately
that's what what I always said. It's all
about technology. It's all about does
that work? The rest is easy. I'm just
saying the operational dimensions are
important as an indicator
&gt;&gt; to tell us an indirect give us an
indirect look into the minds of Tesla
because if they're rolling all the
operations out high confidence that this
thing is basically on its way.
&gt;&gt; They're going to roll it out to 34
cities is what we're we're planning to
see. All right. Thank you so much. I
appreciate that. Uh Joe, follow him on
his ex account at Joe Bacti. Check out
his YouTube channel, Joe Bacti. and then
go to his website pioneerlands.org.
Thanks everybody.
&gt;&gt; Thank you.
&gt;&gt; I've created a website that is the most
comprehensive resource for the Tesla
investor. Please check it out. Simply go
to my website at herbertalm.com.