Channel:     investingagainstthegrain
Title:       Trump Killed The Iran Deal And Elon Just Lit Q4 On Fire
URL:         https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Xkb84sOjV-k
Published:   2026-09-28 07:19 UTC
Fetched:     2026-09-28 08:00 UTC

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Trump has rejected Iran's proposal for a
ceasefire and China has some strong
words for the United States shortly
after their president leaves. Meanwhile,
bond yields are rising to numbers that
we haven't seen since 2007. Is this the
beginning of a crisis or is there more
to the story? And Jensen puts Sam Alman
and Daario in their place. I think the
fear-mongering might be over for now.
And finally, Elon Musk. What he is about
to do with SpaceX in the next 3 months
when it comes to data centers is
absolutely unimaginable. And at the same
time, it looks like we are here. Tesla
cyber cabs are rampant. Let's discuss.
&gt;&gt; You're crazy.
&gt;&gt; Let's get some housekeeping out of the
way. First of all, I hope you got your
drink. Got Oldfashioned here, Hemingway
Bourbon. Very good stuff. Go grab your
drink. We're going to have some fun
today. A lot to talk about. I want to
thank everybody who took the Options
Crash Course this past Saturday. You
guys were phenomenal. I had a blast with
all of you. Thank you. If anyone wants
to join our next ones, the holiday
schedules out. You can find the links
down below for November and for
December, the options crash course. The
goal is to teach you how to make 1 to 4%
per month on your portfolio without
having to sell any of your buy and hold
shares. The idea is to be capital
efficient. The idea is to be able to
make alpha on your portfolio so you can
live off. I'm here to teach you how to
fish. I'm not here to tell you just how
to place entries. I'm here to show you
the full picture. Entry, management,
exit, everything. The thing no one else
will show you. So, if you're interested,
the links are down below for the holiday
schedule, November, December, and anyone
who's taken the options crash course,
you qualify for January, which is the
next zero day course. That's also down
below. And if you just got done with the
crash course, uh you can find the
journal link, the IG journal to help
track your trades and, you know, get
your trade entries, your watch list,
IVR, all those things. You can find that
down below as well. And the Slack
channel. Thank you again. You guys were
awesome and I cannot wait to see how you
guys take what you learned and you put
it into practice and learn how to trade
in in your own way, but using the skills
that you learn and the tools and uh the
management techniques that we showed
you. So, cheers to all of you. And
again, hopefully that was enough time
for everybody to grab their drinks. We
got some stuff to cover. And we're
actually filming this uh we're filming
recording this a little bit later. So,
we're actually going to get to see the
actual market open, not just the
indexes. And indexes are actually
showing a little down right now. Uh, oil
is up slightly, up about 1% or excuse
me, that was the wrong one. Oil is up
though about 1.23%. It's sitting at $93.
And then we've got the pre-market right
now. Dow Jones down about quarter of a
percent, S&amp;P 500 a quarter%, NASDAQ also
quarter of a percent. Everything seems
kind of flat at the moment, which is
kind of surprising given everything
we're going to talk about today. So,
let's see what we're going to get into.
So, first of all, over the the weekend,
we got news here. You can read here,
exclusive. Trump has rejected Iran's
proposal for a 7-day ceasefire and has
told aids he expects to resume bombing
Iran after the midterms. Interesting
place we're in now because the Iranian
Iranians Iranians, they thought that
they had this position of power,
position of leverage. They thought, hey,
he's really going to care about the
midterms, so we're going to be able to
use this as a focal point. And so, they
put out their uh their requirements for
a potential ceasefire 7 days. and it was
remove the blockade, release funds, all
these things. And essentially, he said,
"No, I don't even care about midterms
anymore. We're just going to go back to
bombing you guys after the midterms
unless you guys come to the table with a
appropriate agreement." This has flipped
the dynamics if you ask me because it's
not just that he's rejected it, but he
has essentially any leverage they had,
he just evaporated it because he's
showing that if he actually cared about
that given where we are right now in the
year, it would have actually been the
time to take a deal or to find some
offramp. It would have helped the
markets. You would have seen oil go
down. All this good stuff would happen
for the markets. But oil's kind of
already down to $93 and the markets are
essentially at all-time highs. Really,
what does he have to gain other than
maybe some headlines for these
elections, for these midterms. So, I
think it's uh really interesting. Maybe
I'm naive, but I like to think he's just
trying to do the right thing, which is
to get a really good nuclear deal. One
way or another, we got to hope that our
leaders are doing the right thing. So,
that was interesting. Okay. And you
would have thought that that alone would
send the markets down. And who knows,
maybe it will. Give us, you know, a few
minutes here. We'll we'll check on the
equities and see how they're opening up.
But then this is the part where I really
thought things would send the market
down. So shortly after President Xi from
China left left the United States, we
get this. China calls on the US to
immediately lift its blockade and
sanctions on Iran and Cuba. Okay, that
was interesting because in during the
whole time that he was here, it seemed
like there was some good relationship,
some, you know, they talked about
meeting up again in November and then in
December again or October or November,
they're going to meet in China and then
then they're going to meet in Miami. So,
it seemed like it was very cordial,
seemed like they really got along.
Supposedly, uh Trump told China or told
Xi to not interfere with Iran and to not
help them. And I guess kind of sounds
like she said that they wouldn't be. But
lip service is a little different than
actions. You see, China is still
purchasing about 1/3 of the barrels of
oil from Iran that they were before. And
they still have their airwaves open for
Iranian flights. Whereas the United
States has shut it down for everyone
else. Essentially saying if you allow
any Iranian flights to come or go from
your country, you will be removed from
the US dollar. Things are getting a
little interesting. They're getting a
little testy, but it does seem like it's
more just lip service than anything
else. And as far as like the barrels of
oil that China is getting, really it's
from the oil that they have out there
floating, not necessarily coming
directly from Iran. At least that's what
we're told. But so let's talk though
about where the US is now and what's
happening with the straight of horses
because this is really I think what gave
Trump the confidence and the, you know,
the confidence to go ahead and reject
Iran's deal. So right now we're seeing
about 40 million barrels of crude oil
coming through the straight of Hormuse
over the last 2 days. So last two days
being Friday and Saturday before the war
there was about 20 million barrels per
day coming through the straight of
Hormuz. Right now Friday and Saturday we
saw 20 million each of those days coming
through. This is very interesting
because now we're kind of getting back
to normal. Now according to some
websites depending on who's tracking
it's closer to 13 million. Not for
Friday or Saturday but just in general
like the average. But either way,
there's plenty coming through. I don't
think the problem at this point is
what's coming through at this point is
the refining side of the house. So, I
think this is what is giving the White
House the the ammunition to be patient.
It's giving them the ability, the
resolve to continue pressing where it
hurts, which at this point for Iran, it
is their their economy. It is
collapsing. What bestin is doing, what
Trump is doing is working. And I think
that the fact that now their president
is talking about they would be open to
having uh UN inspectors to come in and
take a look at what they're doing with
uh uranium enrichment, all that. We're
getting to a place where it does seem
like Iran is starting to be more uh
amanable to what Trump is trying to get
done. So that's where that's at right
now. So it's interesting to see what
happens uh in the pre-market today. Uh
but tomorrow may be a bit of a red day
or flat day. So it would mainly be
because of this geopolitics. I don't
think it has any anything to do with the
actual markets. All right, so now let's
talk about uh where we are with the
bonds, right? The sexy topic. Let's talk
about the bonds and how can it be that
the yields on the bonds are essentially
at the highs that they are right now and
the stock market is also essentially at
all-time highs. Nick, make this make
sense. Okay, I'm going to do my best to
make this make sense for you guys. So,
first of all, let's talk about the ugly
of this. The bonds right now, the
10-year, the 30-year, they they took a
breath. They took a second when Worsh
raised rates, right? It's like, okay,
cool. This might have calmed things down
a little bit only to come right back. I
think it was on maybe Monday, uh, when
when this turned around, but either way,
10 year pop back over 5%, saw a 30-year
go up, and it's like, man, what's it
going to take to get these bonds to come
back down? Well, the truth is a little
more confusing than you may think. See,
what happened was we saw PMI come out.
And PMI is the purchasing manager
manager index. Essentially, they go out
and and they do this survey. It happens
every single month to all these
different person managers of all these
companies and they ask the businesses
whether the the growth conditions are
growing or if they're shrinking. And the
way it works is 50 plus means that
there's expansion happening. 50 below
means there's contraction. Okay. Not
only did they say a number greater than
50, it came out at 58.4
uh on the on the scale. This was the
strongest in 5 years, which is partly
why the yields are going up. It's hard
to really know why any one thing's
happening. I'm just giving you my
interpretation. So, and this one was
kind of obvious because the second that
PMI came out, boom, 10 year goes above
5%, boom, 30-year goes up. It was
instantaneously. Okay, so that is
clearly part of this. Now, is that bad?
Because we're talking about expansion
and growth. So, if the PMI is hot,
5-year high, that's actually really
good. That tells you we have a very,
very strong economy. But that also can
kind of create a tension for the bond
market. See, the bond market right now,
the yields are up for the obvious
reasons we all know. One, oil is
creating inflation, which you know, to
me, it's transitory, actually
transitory, not drone pow transitory.
And this inflation is seeping into
pretty much everything, right? It's not
just energy and oil, but energy and oil
flows through everything. Your
transportation costs, right? Your
airlines, uh the the price of goods to
to move from store A to store B, and
then they get hit with those extra uh
fuel charges, and then they have to pass
that on to customers. Amazon has to move
things, right? It's just it it gets
through everything. Energy and oil
touches every part of every segment in
the CPI, right? That's our inflation
measure. It's not like energy is is the
only thing here. So inflation is here.
Like we can't say it's not. But we also
have to be a bit intellectually honest
with ourselves. Understand that the
energy inflation isn't here to last. See
this whole war started around March I
believe. And starting in March, maybe it
was February, but starting in March,
February, that's when oil went up. And
oil went up a lot. I think it got to
like 110, maybe even up to 120. And
that's going to be coming up soon. So
the way CPI works is it works
year-over-year, right? So that's so
every month the previous month falls
off. Well, as we approach March, we're
going to start seeing the inflation
numbers from the impacts of energy go
away because it's going to be flat to
zero. So this is actually kind of
bullish for where we're going. And this
is why so many people like Tom Lee are
saying, well, we probably shouldn't be
raising rates just because of oil
because it the inflation's going to
disappear in the next few months. It's
not going to be there because we're
going to be looking year-over-year. And
how much did that grow? Well, we're
probably going to see actually a
deceleration because we're not going to
be at 120. We're going to be lower than
that. We're at 93 now. So, this is where
it gets a little messy. But the Fed,
they still have to do what they have to
do. Got to understand that. So, the
other reason that the bonds are going up
is because when we see the strong
economy and the Fed is trying to get
down to 2%, the bond market sees this.
They see, okay, strong economy. Fed is
trying to get the inflation down to 2%.
This is at odds with each other because
if we have a strong economy, that means
that you have businesses, they're going
to take out more loans. People are going
to spend more money, right? There's
going to be just more activity going on
in the economy. Well, how does the Fed
get back to 2%. Well, the only way they
can do it is using a blunt instrument,
which is raising rates, which would be
to slow down the economy. So, they want
to raise rates to try and slow down the
economy. So, the bond market sees this
with the Fed. it sees this with the
strong economy and the bond market is
like, "Okay, well, we have to think the
Fed's going to do what they're going to
do. So, we also have to try to price
this in." So, you've got the inflation
side of it and you've got the Fed part
of it trying to price or the the Fed
part of it where the bond market is
trying to price that in and then you
have the strong economy that we're in.
You couple all that together and a 5%
plus on the 10-year is where we're at.
So, but is this normal? Have we seen
this before? where a strong economy
equals a strong or high yield which
equals strong stock market because I
thought and maybe you thought the same
thing that when bonds were up meaning
yields the yields of the bonds were up
that we would see the stock market sell
off because well that's risk-free money
and if I can instead get a 5% risk-free
on the 10-year why would I invest in the
stock market well you guys know why I
would because well we make more money
trading options than just 5% like that's
we do that in a
right? Like we do that in a month
without having to sell our shares. So
imagine if we're trading options making
1 to 4% conservatively each month and
then we also have our portfolio and our
stocks themselves growing that's
obviously extra on top of that 1 to 4%.
Yeah, I'm not going to tie up my money
and they say it's risk-free. Well, yeah,
supposedly. And why do they say it's
risk- free? Well, because the the most
safe the safest, most secured, trusted
uh thing you can invest in the entire
world is the US Treasury. At least
again, that's the thought, right?
Because it's it's the our standard of
currency. The US has always paid back.
Uh we have the strongest military, which
is really the reason why I would say
that that uh the US uh treasury and the
dollar will continue to be the backing
of the entire world from a financial
industry uh perspective. But that is the
conventional wisdom. Don't invest in the
stock market. Invest in the bond market
because it's free money that is very
very safe. So I think we're in a little
bit of a different world here. And if
you take a look at this, we have been
here before. So here we can see an
example. Okay. So this is a little
infographic that that I made. So we saw
back in from 1992 to 1994, we saw yields
up and stocks up at the same time. So
10-year was at six 6 to 7%. And the S&amp;P
500 still went up 30%. Why? Because we
were in expansion uh an expansion period
in the economy with rising earnings. Ah,
guess what we're in? Well, we just saw
the PMI expansion economy. What about
earnings? Well, we just saw essentially
on average S&amp;P 500, we're seeing
earnings at 25% growth year-over-year.
Yeah, pretty big deal. So, this is very
similar. We also saw the same thing in
2017 to 2018 where we saw once again uh
the stock market hit new all-time highs.
At the same time we saw the Fed raising
rates and we saw that the 10 year 30
year all went up. But what are we all
probably thinking? What what are we all
mainly familiar with in most recent
times? That's 2022. 2022 was a bit of a
different story, right? 2022 we saw the
fastest uh rise in yields from the Fed
in 40 years. And on top of that, the
reason we were doing that was because of
inflation was out of hand. It was up to
9%. So it's not just, hey, look at the
10-year, look at the 30-year, here's the
number, that's numbers bad. What's the
context behind it? How fast are these
yields going up? And what's the story?
What's the narrative behind it? In 2022,
the narrative was fastest in 40 years
raising rates and well, we got a real
inflation problem because we're up to 9%
on the CPI. Today the story is we've got
this AI boom. We're seeing 5-year uh
record numbers for expansion measures
with the PMI and on top of that right
now our inflation is a fuel cost really
and AI spending and the AI spending that
doesn't affect day-to-day people or
people every day and the fuel cost we
know one either it's already going to
come down and all this will go away as
far as the conflict or we're about to
lap year-over-year and it's going to go
away that way. So, one way or another,
it's gone. But by this time next year,
without a doubt, we're going to be
around 2%. I can almost guarantee it.
Okay? So, this is where we are, where we
are at right now. And that's why it
makes sense that the stock market can
continue to grind higher despite the
fact that the yields are at these
levels. Now, let's go back to the whole
idea of, well, people like to sell or
stop investing in stocks and invest in
these bonds because, well, it's
risk-free money, right? Well, sure,
maybe. But during a time like this where
we are not just in a everyone says
bubble I think bubble is the wrong
framework. We are embarking in a new
modern industrial revolution. Think
about it this way. Every single server
in the world every data center is going
to have to go through its own new
refresh. And that new refresh is going
to have to be in a whole new context of
thinking about AI first. When I say AI,
I don't I don't just mean like your
normal chat bots or agents or anything
like that, but I'm talking about
thinking about the future, too. And
where are we going to go? That's why you
see the servers, Dell hitting all-time
highs. You see memory sold out for what,
the next like four or five years. You
see you see uh DRAM. You see energy
costs soaring. And when I say energy
cost, I don't just mean oil, but I'm
talking about like Bloom Energy, right?
They're so backlogged. You see turbines,
gas turbines, like you can't get them
right now. It is absolutely insane
what's happening and all this at the
same time it actually makes sense why
people would not want to sell out of
stocks and put their money in the
risk-free. If anything, you would want
to keep your money in the greatest
changeover from one type of economy to
the next, from the pre- AAI economy to
the post AAI economy. And this is the
moment to make sure you're investing to
set your families up for generational
wealth. Right? This is it. This is like
you could not have asked for a better
point in time from an investor's
perspective. This is bigger than the
internet. This is bigger than industrial
revolution. This is going to change
everything in our lives and it already
has. So I think it's a very interesting
new way to think about the 10 year and
the third year. Now it's still not great
but it is the reality and we need to
understand these nuances. So how does it
affect you? Well I was actually
listening to a Tony Robbins uh episode
with uh PBD if you know who he is uh
Peter Bet David uh value tamement.
Anyways, uh Tony Robbins was on there
and he was talking about how expensive
things are and he was saying how things
actually aren't more expensive today
than what they have been in the past.
Only three things are housing, health
insurance or just health, anything
health related and education. Only those
three things. If you look at pretty much
anything else you adjust for inflation,
they are actually cheaper today than
what they were back then. And even with
housing, there is a little nuance there.
If you look at it from a per square foot
uh basis, right? because houses used to
be a lot smaller than they are today.
It's actually on par, if not maybe even
a little cheaper from that perspective.
Look, I'm not here to tell anybody who's
struggling or uh you know, struggling
with money or struggling to keep up with
uh the times cuz things have gotten
expensive. Things have obviously gotten
more expensive. But we do need to have a
bit of a relation. And I think that a
lot of people see, you know, everyone
out there on Tik Tok or Instagram or on
YouTube, all these people pretending to
have all this money and these Lambos and
all this stuff. And it does something to
your brain. It kind of gives you a
little mental rot. But if you're honest
with yourself and you look around like,
do all the people you interact with on
day-to-day basis actually live like that
or have all these things? Like who are
you truly comparing yourself to? And
really, why are you comparing yourself
to anyone other than yourself? Like what
are your own goals for you? And how do
you measure up to that? Like that should
be your your barometer, right? You set
some goals for yourself. You have some
expectations for yourself. You have a
standard for yourself. And how are you
measuring up to that? Hold yourself
accountable to future you. Don't don't
screw over future you for today use
laziness and pleasures. Sacrifice today
for the future you. Anyways, we can talk
about that later. Let's transition from
there to Jensen. Okay? Because if all
that's true and all this expansion is
going good and Trump is sitting there
telling Iran essentially, no deal. Uh I
don't like that. I actually think that
we have the leverage and we are going to
we're not going to listen to you. we're
not going to have a ceasefire here
because I don't, you know, we're going
to negotiate till you get to a deal I
want. That was Trump essentially putting
Iran on their on their heels.
Essentially saying, you might have had
some leverage at one point. It's gone
now. We're getting all the oil out we
want. We're putting pressure on your
economy. You can't get anything out. We
are slowly strangling you economically.
Well, interestingly, Jensen, CEO of
Nvidia, I believe, kind of just did the
same thing to Sam Alman and Daario, the
CEO of Anthropic. Take a look at this.
Jensen writes, "Now, if they say that
their models aren't safe," talking about
Sam Alman and Daario from OpenAI
Anthropic, then I think the answer is
that we have to shut the labs down. Have
to shut them down. Hey, if you're
telling me it's not safe, let's shut it
down. This is a power move by Jensen.
Why is it a power move? quote, they are
huge clients of Nvidia. They have huge
purchase orders with Nvidia, but I think
Jensen kind of sees the writing on the
wall. These are two companies. Anthropic
maybe a little profitable. OpenAI
definitely not profitable. OpenAI,
they've already kicked the can down the
road. They're sent saying that they're
not going to go public. They're not
IPOing. They have all their little
reasons. They're saying, "Oh, they don't
think it'd be right, you know, with all
the safety things right now." Whatever
excuse they have, they're going to use
it. But the truth is, OpenAI can't go
public before or uh after Anthropic
because they're not going to look good
because they aren't as profitable.
They're not profitable. Anthropic is at
least a little bit profitable. And so,
and OpenAI is struggling because they're
not getting the same traction in the
enterprise the way Anthropic is. So,
that's interesting. Okay. So, they don't
have money essentially. They're they're
broke. They just have debt at this
point. And they're going to have to
raise more money in order to continue to
buy servers from Jensen. They don't have
a choice. So that's interesting. What
about Anthropic? Well, same kind of
thing. They're also in in a spot where
they have to go public so that they can
get some income, some money, some some
capital so that then they can continue
to invest into the data centers. So both
of them need Jensen. Let's add to that.
Both of them are facing an existential
crisis right now. Open models are now
have now so it used to be where the
frontier models essentially open AAI and
anthropic had 80% of all the token use
and o the open model the open models
open source models were 20%. Right? So
it was like that this frontier models
this was open source in the last like 3
4 months guess what's happened whoop
frontier models shrink to 20% and the
open models grew to 80%. That's insane.
So this this is an existential crisis
for anthropic and open AI. So what's
their only avenue? Well, to get the
government to step in and create some
type of regulatory capture, some way to
block out all these open models. Well,
Jensen is here now essentially realizing
seen the right on the wall that these
guys are in trouble. They are going to
continue to do this until they
essentially block all these open model
companies. Well, Jensen needs to make
sure that one, he keeps all his all his
pipelines open for business, and he
doesn't want to be relying on two
companies who number one need him
regardless. They're not going anywhere
else. But two, they're going to
potentially cause harm to Nvidia. And
even if and I'm just I'm just saying
this from the perspective of Jensen
talking his own books. But put his book
aside. I get it. That's what he wants
for his business. But what's the right
thing to do? Well, the right thing to do
is not have the government tell you what
to do because you can't be responsible.
You know, it's it's one of the things I
hate is when we hear all these
billionaires or millionaires or whatever
you want to say, uh complain like, "Oh,
I should be being I should be taxed
more." You know, it's not it's not right
that I I pay what I pay in taxes, but
other people uh you know, have to pay
more or whatever. It's like, okay, so
then pay more taxes. You don't need the
government to tell you to pay more
taxes. You can just do it. Why does the
government have to tell you? or all
these people that talk about climate
change, whatever, and they're flying in
all their their planes to private planes
to go place X, Y, and Z. It's like,
okay, just don't do that, right? And you
know who I'm talking about. So, so it's
this kind of hypocrisy. It's like you
don't need the government to tell you to
recycle. You don't need the government
to tell you, hey, maybe just fly uh
commercial instead of private everywhere
you go. You don't need the government to
tell you, hey, maybe don't create AI
models that are going to destroy the
world. Like, just don't do that. You
don't need the government to tell you,
hey, maybe don't create a virus that
will kill a lot of people. Like, you
shouldn't need the government to tell
you this. You should be able to
self-regulate. You should be able to be
an adult in the room. So, I think that's
what Jensen's really getting at is that,
hey, if it's unsafe, if you're telling
us you can't control it, if you're
telling whatever you're building here is
this crazy thing that we can't control,
yeah, we got to shut you down then. We
got to shut you down. And I was watching
the All-In podcast today and or
yesterday, two days ago. And it was
interesting to hear him talk about this
little nuance. Why are we calling them
labs? Labs give this uh kind of this uh
it gives them this pass that they can
get away with. Well, we're just
experimenting. We're a lab. We're
scientists. Like, we don't know what's
going to happen. Everything's
experimental. There's no onus for us
because we're just scientists and we're
going to have these new breakthroughs
and we don't know what's going to
happen. And had a really good
observation. They're not labs. They're
companies. They're enterprises. And
enterprises need to be held accountable
for what they do. So, if your company
builds something that can hack another
company, that's on you. If you break
into someone else's house, if you break
into a bank and steal a whole bunch of
money from the bank, yeah, guess what?
that companies need to be held
accountable. They need to be held
reliable uh reliable accountable. So, I
thought that was interesting
perspective. But why why is Jensen so
confident? Well, sure, part part of it
is probably because right now he sees
what's happening with Anthropic OpenAI
and he knows they need him and this is
his way of saying, "Shut up. Let the let
the adults in the room handle this. We
get it. existential crisis for you but
this is not the way to do things because
now you're just creating fear all these
people who are going to not want to use
AI not want to advance technology and
that's not the way the the the way
forward is not to be lites the other
reason I think that besides the fact
that he like he's got all the leverage
against them but the other reason I
think Jensen has uh a lot of confidence
is this uh one little guy named Elon
Musk have you heard of him I heard a
he's kind of a big deal want to see how
big of a deal he is take a look at this
post. This is for SpaceX. SpaceX AI. I
don't even know what to call them
anymore. Company SpaceX XXAI. Uh so he
writes here, Colossus 1 is 150,000
H100s. These are GPUs, by the way. Uh
Nvidia GPUs. Uh 50,000 H200s and 30,000
GB GB200s. Colossus 2 is 110,000 GB200's
and 440,000
GB300s. This is massive. Now he's saying
another 220,000
GB 300 will be fully operational next
week. That's this week. And another
220,000 in November. And if we get
lucky, another 220 GB300's by late
December. This is wild. I don't expect
you guys to understand what this means
or contextualize this when it comes to
data centers or or GPUs or any of that.
But let's let's take a look at this a
little differently. I graphed this out
for you guys and I graphed it out
against all the other NeoClouds. And
before we show this actually, what's a
NeoCloud? Neocloud is essentially a AI
first cloud data center where they rent
out they rent out their data center uh
to to other companies. And what makes it
a neocloud is that they're essentially
designed and set up literally for AI
workloads. Whereas a company like Amazon
with AWS or Microsoft with Azure or
Google with GCP, sure they have they
have obviously big amounts of portions
of their data center that are designed
for the same thing, but the vast
majority of their current compute is not
for AI workloads, but for general
workloads. So it's a bit different
there, right? This is purely dedicated
for a AI type workloads. So this is what
we're comparing to apples to apples. So
take a look at this. So when you look at
this, what you're going to see is that
SpaceX is already ahead of pretty much
everyone just in that blue section. And
who are they competing against? Who who
do we have here? We've got Cororeweave,
we got Nebas, we got Caruso, and we got
Lambda. All right, you can see that
SpaceX is already crushing them. Now
what you see in the orange, this is
where they will be by year end. This is
how much they are going to another
freaking level. If there's one thing
Elon Musk does, it's scale. This man can
scale. And he is in the process of
scaling. So this is this is a bit wild.
You could add up all the other Neoclouds
and still SpaceX XAI would have more
compute than the rest of them combined.
That's the level Elon Musk explained. So
if if all this pans out, if all this
pans out, if Elon is right about being
at a hundred billion
in ARR run rate, that's annual
reoccurring revenue by the end of
December. Just their NeoCloud will be
bigger than Azure. They will already
have exceeded GCP. That's all their
workloads together. AWS does about 167
billion a year. Let that sink in. Space
X is coming and they're coming fast.
Don't sleep on them. But talking about
Elon and Scale, we can't not talk about
Cyber Caps. We can't not talk about
Austin. In fact, one of my one-on-one
clients uh for options. Uh he sent me
this Slack message. We have a a private
Slack message group for anyone who took
the course. You can find a link down
below. If you took the course, uh we do
check if you took it. So, you can try to
sign up, but you're just going to lose
your money. Uh, so if you've taken it,
sign up. But if you haven't, don't waste
your money. Don't don't be silly. Um,
but anyways, so he sent me this Slack
message inside of our private group. He
said, "Dude, I'm in I'm downtown Austin
right now. Robo taxis everywhere. I
can't even count them at this point."
He's been giving me these updates cuz he
lives in Austin. He's been giving me
these updates pretty regularly about
what he sees. And it's in the past like
week and a half, it's gone like, "Yeah,
I saw like a couple. Yeah, I saw like
maybe five or 10 like, "Oh man, I saw a
good amount today." And then he sent
this yesterday while we were doing the
options crash course and and I was like,
"Oh my goodness, this is insane to see
to hear." He hasn't used this type of
language. So I I wish you could see like
like he's pretty measured in in the way
he's not overly hyperbolic or anything
like that. Like if he says this like
there's a lot. So there's a lot right
now. And to add to that, check this out
from Sawyer Merritt. Uh Sawyer writes,
and this was not too long ago, says,
"Tesla's sending this notification to
people in Austin announcing that its
cybercap robo taxi fleet has doubled.
This aligns with Texas registration data
from the past week, which showed Tesla's
uh Tesla's total number of registered
Cyber Cavs jumped uh from 58 on Monday,
58 on Monday to 125 on Friday at 115%
increase. Kind of crazy." And you can
see the notification here. Cybercap
fleet has doubled more rides available.
They if this continues, this is going to
be incredible. And that's not it. We
we're the scale is just starting, right?
We're just starting to see the scale
when it comes to robo taxis. And then
Elon was being interviewed recently uh
like a couple days ago and he
essentially said Florida and Nevada are
next. Here we can read Elon Musk told CG
this is some China media CGTN that cyber
cab no steering wheels no pedals no
mirrors is already operating
commercially in Texas Florida and Nevada
and a number of other states come soon
after California probably next mid next
year wheelless robo taxis leaving the
lonear state national map start uh
filling uh starts filling in so so this
is where we're at cybercap it appears is
starting to scale we can clearly clearly
see SpaceX is scaling with their data
centers. And on on Thursday, I believe
that's October 1st. Man, it's October
already. How awesome is that? Uh October
is my birthday month. So, I'm excited.
I'm excited. And the weather's changing
here, guys. It's a great time to be
alive. It is absolutely a great time to
be alive. I hope I hope you guys are
having a fantastic day. But this is a
great time to be a Tesla investor.
Everything that we've been waiting for,
everything is culminating now. Now, I
know a lot of you are probably
wondering, what about the stock? What's
going the stock? It's down. Well, let's
take a look. Let's see what's happening
right here. Here. Hopefully I have some
good news to tell you, right? That'd be
nice. So, it looks like right now
Tesla's up 51 cents. So, pretty flat.
Uh, what else we got here? Meta. Oh,
Meta's down. Meta's down another $4. And
we have uh and Meta's down quite the
run, huh? What? How about that? I I'll
show you. So, in at at the end of
October, uh maybe before that. So, I'll
show you guys all my Dell tra uh all my
uh meta trades cuz I know a lot of you
uh kind of had a little trouble with
meta. So, I'll show you how I managed it
and everything I did and and why I'm
probably going to come out on top and
I'll show you. Right. So, this is this
is the cool thing about the new journal.
Again, the links down below for the
journal is that we can do these trade
replays. I can show you what and why I
made the decision I did so you guys can
learn along with me. Um, now again, if
you haven't taken the crash course, like
you're not quite gonna understand what
I'm talking about. So, look, invest in
yourself. Just links are down below.
Like, it's I'm telling you, like it's
going to be worth your time. You you're
if you saw my last one in like one
trade, you pay for the whole course. So,
it it's it's really a good deal. But
anyways, um let's look at SpaceX because
that's what I want to look at here. Uh
SpaceX. Oh, SpaceX is also kind of flat.
So, and SpaceX has a launch coming up,
too. So, I don't know. I think right now
we're in a very interesting spot. I
think it's an exciting time to be in the
markets. So, I wouldn't want to be out
of it personally. Uh I think all all the
AI plays, you know, they're kind of at a
good price at the moment. Oh, Micron has
earnings this week, too. That should be
very telling. That could actually give
the market a good bump, good
encouragement. But as we continue down
this road with Tesla and the cyber caps
keep expanding, I think we are getting
to it's not a if, it's a when is the
stock going to actually start to move?
And I kind of think, look, I might sound
crazy here. October 1st, the Roadster
event, it's a SpaceX and Tesla
collaboration. If there's a time to
announce a merger, is that not it? Maybe
I'm crazy, but I think that type of
merger could really move Tesla. And I
think if assuming let's say SpaceX is
about 2 trillion, I think that takes
Tesla if if they merge at 2 trillion
valuation, I think that would take Tesla
up to like am I crazy? I think it's like
560 or 600, something like that. It's
it'd be a nice bump. It'd definitely be
alltime highs. So, I don't know. Again,
maybe this isopium. I I don't want to
spread, you know? Uh I don't know
anything. None of us know anything. If
you're invested, right, your core
portfolio or core shares, we don't care,
right? We're we're we're dollar cost
averaging. We're building our position.
If we're trading around it so we can get
more alpha, so we can buy more shares
without having to sell our shares so we
can live off our money, right? Again,
this is what I teach. Links are down
below. But if that's what we're doing,
it's irrelevant. We're not trading
around this type of news. We're avoiding
this news. So, we're not placing any
trades on Tesla right now because, well,
there's too much going on there. Maybe
you're selling puts. Okay, we're selling
puts on Tesla, that's for sure. Uh
because it allows us to acquire right
now. and the 335s, those are paying some
good premium. But anyways, it's an
exciting time to be a Tesla investor.
It's it's an exciting time for to be a
SpaceX investor as well. Uh I I don't
know. I I think it seems pretty obvious
where things are going. And for Tesla
specifically, it tends to be this time
of year where they really start to get
their stride. So, me personally, I would
not want to do anything like with cover
calls right now. I wouldn't want to do
anything to get cute with it. I would
want to make sure that I'm positioned
accordingly with Tesla and SpaceX and
that I know how to extract value for my
portfolio without having to sell my
shares. Okay, you shouldn't have to sell
your shares. You should be able to make
1 to 4% per month without doing it.
Okay, that's the whole goal. It's
doable. It's possible. It's learnable.
You can learn how to do this. It's not
rocket science. I promise you. All
right, we're going to leave it there.
It's going to be a great week. I believe
it. You should believe it. and we're
gonna get the Roadster event. We're
gonna get into October, which is a
fantastic month. And and I'll see you
guys on the next one.