Channel:     futureaza
Title:       Tesla Optimus Has Something Other Robots Still Lack
URL:         https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dYS2tucM1gQ
Published:   2026-09-20 17:30 UTC
Fetched:     2026-09-20 18:00 UTC

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

So, I think what we're seeing right now
is kind of a first attempt, a first
wave. And my feeling is, and it could be
the same companies that succeed on both
of these waves, but we'll see a first
wave that will go way up and then the
tide will retract a little bit and
people will say like, "Well, humanoid
robots are useless." At which point,
immediately after that, we will see a
second wave happen, which will be
substantially better, and people say
like, "Oh, okay. These things are useful
now. They can do good work as opposed to
just being novel." The age of Optimus is
almost here. We're seeing a lot of
announcements in terms of production and
we're seeing a lot of progress in terms
of the second factory that will build
them and we're seeing a lot of job
postings even. But what is the holdup?
Well, they have to build them. What will
be the second holdup? The holdup before
scaling. It may be points of failure.
What are the potential points of
failure? We know the hands are a big
deal. We know that actuator reliability
and the stretching of the robo tendons
can be a cause. But what are we really
concerned about? I'm going to have a
quick chat with Dr. Knowitall to find
out what we're really looking at, what
it all means, and where we go from here.
I'm Brian. Welcome to Futurasa.
[singing and music]
&gt;&gt; Now, John, do you know anything about
robots? [laughter]
&gt;&gt; I know a little bit about robots.
&gt;&gt; It should be Doctor knows enough to be
dangerous. That's That should be my
name.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, we've been saying that. We've been
suggesting it for years.
Now, the reality is John knows a lot
about robotics, but with how much there
is to know, I think even Dr. Scott
Walter only knows a bit because there's
just the field is vast and massive. Now,
I would like to share this. Elon Musk
says Optimus will ship to customers in
27. Here's how much revenue that could
actually generate. I'm not worried about
the revenue side. It either works or it
doesn't. And if it doesn't, there's no
money. And if it does, it's infinite.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Exactly. If you go to the careers
page, you'll see there the first the
very first tab before FSD chips before
neural nets, autonomy, algorithms, code
foundations, all this. And this is just
on the uh careers for AI and robotics.
Number one is Tesla Optimus. And I don't
know if you were aware of this, but
there are a few job postings. Yeah, a
lot. A lot. 342. And I don't know if
this includes the ones for which they
actively recruit people, but I've had a
chance to meet some of these people.
They're very good about not telling you
secrets, but what they're less good
about is hiding their optimism. They are
bouncing out of their skin. They can't
wait for the day they're allowed to
share what they've been working on. And
we haven't seen the developments over
the last two years really. And a lot of
people take that to mean there have been
no developments, which is, you know,
ridiculous. [laughter]
Um
&gt;&gt; Tesla is known for not making any
progress quickly.
&gt;&gt; Of course, of course not.
&gt;&gt; So the so the question is on these
robots,
let's say they're out and we'll divide
this into two parts. We'll start with
the hardware because the software is
&gt;&gt; a whole other thing. On the hardware
side, what are we likely to see as
points of failure?
&gt;&gt; I think you identified uh them pretty
clearly. The number one number one
number one thing is going to be
actuators. These are the motors that
drive them. Um, actuator is just another
name for a motor that has kind of a
precise ability to move to different
angles and things like that, you know.
So, um, the reason why this is a
particularly nasty problem is that as
opposed to like the motor in your vacuum
cleaner or something, there have been
millions of those things made right
around the world. So, people have had a
lot of time to figure out what works,
what doesn't work in a vacuum cleaner
motor. With these, they're everybody at
this point is customd designigning all
of them because they just didn't exist
prior to about 2022, 2023. I was just
thinking about the fact that that Tesla
kicked this all off in 2022 with a dude
in a white suit dancing at AI day number
two. And and I know robots had been
built before that, but all of a sudden,
everyone went like, "Wait, oh, if
Tesla's in on this, we're going to do
it, too." And it went crazy. It's that's
four years ago. That's nuts to think
that. Um, so anyway, so all of these
actuators have been customdesigned
inhouse by all these different companies
in the last few years. And so nobody
knows how is it going to wear over a
million cycles. Uh, we don't know. Is it
going to heat up? Is it going to break?
Is it going to warp?
&gt;&gt; A normal industrial use is 20,000 hours.
And I've seen anywhere from 2,000 to
20,000. But on the high end, 20,000,
these actuators will not get 20,000
hours of actual use. If it's
intermittent use, maybe uh it kind of
all depends what it's going to be doing.
If you're using it for mail sorting,
like we saw the figure demo do, that
robot shouldn't wear out for a very long
time. It's it's not even using its legs.
Those are going to be factory fresh
after a very long time.
&gt;&gt; Well, I mean, they are using their legs
to balance. So they are being used a
little bit. But when you think about
duty cycles, so there's a positive and a
negative to that. The positive is that
the duty cycle is let's say it can
rotate to the maximum 360 degrees or
270, right? So it's like one duty cycle.
One duty cycle. Well, if it only rotates
five degrees at a time like that because
it's just balancing a little, how many
of those is equivalent to duty cycle?
Don't know. So you could be multiplying
it by 10, 20, 50 because it's just
working in a tiny little range that's
nice and comfortable in it. I've talked
to Scott Walter about this who knows a
lot more than I do about it. He says the
places you want to avoid are the
extremes. So if we go back to the the
robotic Olympics, the Chinese uh ones in
Beijing, those robots don't last very
long because they are utilizing the
actuators at extreme angles to try to
run super fast or jump or whatever. So
they're overclocked.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, they're over. Yeah, basically it's
like the same thing as taking your Intel
chip and, you know, cranking it up to
four gigahertz as opposed to three. It's
like, well, yeah, it's going to work,
but it's also going to die soon. So, you
know, so that's the the trade-off. And
so, yes, absolutely on the good end of
things. They're not going through full
duty cycles. They're not being pushed to
their maximum limits. So, that's going
to increase the longevity of them. But
then again, you go back to these guys
are they're designing these things for
the first time. So, it's going to take a
while to dial in like maybe we need just
a half a percent more of cadmium or
something in the magnet to make it, you
know, whatever. I don't know what those
things are. That's the kind of stuff
they have to discover through empirical
evidence. So, they will they last as
long as they will five years from now?
No, absolutely not. Will they last long
enough?
&gt;&gt; That's the question. No. How long is
long enough? A year? Six months? Two
years? don't know
&gt;&gt; and how easy is it to repair them once
they're out of warranty.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, that's the bigger thing really. Um
&gt;&gt; that is big.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; And uh I would say that right today we
don't know what impresses me the most is
how different the approach is every
company is taking. I don't see a whole
lot of copying going on. What I do see
is benchmarking where a company will say
we're not going to design it that way.
We're not going to steal that design. I
don't even like that design. Our guys
are smarter than that. But we needed to
have that capability at least. which is
why we've seen runners now beating human
speeds and uh running into walls in ways
I've never seen a human do. It's
amazing. [laughter]
&gt;&gt; And breaking into pieces and sparking
shadow. Oh, it's beautiful. I did see
&gt;&gt; I was just thinking like you know what
if what if human runners did that and we
just like slammed into a wall after he
It's like well that's Hussein Bolt got
one race.
&gt;&gt; Well that and that we were talking about
use cycle in the Olympics many of them
were single use. I would say that uh I
will mention that someone did post a AI
version of that robot race but with
humans and they're running in the same
way and then they crash and one of them
sparks because you know humans it's what
they do I think
&gt;&gt; that's why number two on the hardware is
you also mentioned is tendons uh and
that is speaking of different companies
doing different things
&gt;&gt; some of them are like nope only direct
driving you know if if you want your
finger to bend. You're gonna put a
little motor in there and it's gonna
bend. Wow.
&gt;&gt; Other companies putting a tendon like a
human being. This is how we work. We
have tendons down here that make our
fingers move around primarily. So
tendons like it's like biologically
inspired. 1X who makes the Neo is very
much into tendons. They're doing the
whole body in tendons. Tesla has showed
off a version of the hand that has
tendons in it. Uh figure famously Brett
Adcock is like, "We tried it. It was
terrible, terrible idea. So, we
abandoned it. There's a there's a
practically religious wars about whether
to use tendons or not. The the the
advantage of tendons is especially in
the hands, you can shrink the size of
the hand down because you put all the
actuators, the motors into the forearm
like humans. Um, which is great.
downside. If you've ever had a 10-speed
bike, you you're you're probably of the
right age where you had the ones and
eventually, you know, the the cable
would stretch and you're like, I can't
switch it into 10th gear anymore or
something, right? So, you have to go
home and you have to pull the
&gt;&gt; brakes would stretch
&gt;&gt; and the brakes would stretch and they
didn't work [laughter] anymore, right?
So, that's I mean, that's the obvious
downside. Now, of course, they make them
out of Kevlar or something, so they're
way better technology, but they still
stretch.
&gt;&gt; They still stretch.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. and and and computers are really
bad at not defined limits and maybe we
could bridge into the software from
that.
&gt;&gt; Well, that will bridge into it. What I
did want to say is if you guys enjoy
these kinds of deep investigations, one
thing you can do is uh head over to Dr.
Notall's uh X account. You can follow
him there. Uh but much more exciting
than that, he's on the cusp of 100,000
98.6,000
and uh we do this every week. We're
investigating. We're We're trying to get
to the bottom of stuff. Uh that makes
John, I guess, Columbbo. And uh and
yeah. So, [laughter]
isn't that great?
&gt;&gt; I love that I have a little police
badge. That's great. Brian, I got to
start surprising you with these because
these are great. [laughter]
&gt;&gt; I Well, you see the pujo out the window.
I asked for a Columbus theme.
&gt;&gt; Uh hey, Optimus entered production at
Fremont. Here's what changes for
investors. So they're in production.
They're not deployed, but they are real.
And then for that matter, we've got Xiao
beat Tesla with this humanoid robot
milestone. They are actually deploying
them is is my understanding. And the
iron is what it's called is fantastic.
This isn't the I mean I have seen this
one, but the one they were showing off
was the much more uh Well, that's the
Tesla, but uh right. Let's see if
they've got a picture of it. I don't
Yeah, the original Iron looked like a
girl in a in a suit,
&gt;&gt; which is
&gt;&gt; Yeah. I I said, "Hey, quick question.
Why a girl?" And he goes, "We made a
man. We made a child. No one said a
word. All of a sudden, you throw boobs
on it. Everyone loses their mind." I'm
like, I'm not losing my mind. I'm not
like entirely losing it,
&gt;&gt; just a little bit. Uh but so uh let's
talk about the software side because
we've explored a bit about how the
hardware can not function as intended.
What about the software?
So
we can actually dial this back several
decades. Um you know Boston Dynamics
very famously has been working on
humanoid robot form for a long time and
dog shape as well and and they've
deployed dog shape robots out there. The
the issue with the software is that as
opposed to a car, cars are just stable.
Like you park your car, you could leave
it for a month and it's not going
anywhere unless you're on a really big
hill. But it's it's stable. It's got
four wheels. It's just going to sit
there. If you take a a human like you,
if you try to stand up for more than a
couple hours, you're going to fall over,
sir, because you're eventually going to
get tired and you're just going to go.
So, we are dynamically unstable
entities. So that's number one problem
is that you have to create something
that can actually balance itself and
that was an unsolved problem for decades
and it's really we we forget about how
recently that was solved. It it's really
only very recently that it was solved in
any kind of robust way. So that's number
one but you can consider that kind of a
solved problem. Now number two is whole
body control. So again I'll take a car
as a counter example. Ashock actually on
my channel I just did a video that was
very popular where he talks about how
you have two billion input parameters
two billion pixels of information the
output is two you have what is the angle
of the steering wheel how much is the
brake accelerator pressed that's it so
that's all you need for a car think
about a human you how many output
channels do you need at once well I
don't know a robot might have 42 50
actuators in its body more maybe four,
maybe 60. All of those things, they're
they're not independent from each other.
If you move your body a little bit this
way, in order not to fall over, a whole
bunch of other crap has to happen at the
same time. So, you're talking about a
coupled equation with potentially 60 or
more different variables in there.
And people were trying to solve this
through basically coding. If this, then
this, if this, then this. Well, you know
about how well that went. You've got two
billion of these if then statements, and
it's still falling over. you're like,
whoa. So, the unlock that's happened
with the software side, of course, is to
go to neural networks and to go to very
highlevel neural networks that can take
in all of that information and produce a
whole bunch of outputs at the same time.
So, you it's that coupled equation
thing. It's it's something that humans
just were not able to do in our heads.
We couldn't create that type of
software. We just couldn't think of it.
So what we do instead is we throw data
at the at the neural network and the
neural network figures it out. It goes
like, "Oh, I'm figuring it out. What's
the problem? I just said something
that's a significant problem with
humanoid robots that was a problem for
cars but not so much for Tesla anymore."
&gt;&gt; Right. So the the thing with software
&gt;&gt; so yeah
&gt;&gt; the thing with like unitry for example,
unitry is commercialized. Unitry is
going public or has gone public. It's
around now.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. And it's a great robot. It serves
approximately one purpose.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; And that purpose is novelty.
&gt;&gt; And I had a chance to get up close and
personal with it at the auto show in
Nepal.
&gt;&gt; But if you scan If you scan the And
he'll come up. He let me shake his hand.
I thought that was very bold and daring
&gt;&gt; because I know how disastrous that can
be in a hurry. [laughter]
&gt;&gt; Exactly. But if you watch around the
crowd, you will find a guy standing at
the edge with a big fancy controller and
he's got some macros he can press for
like do a little dance or whatever it
may be
&gt;&gt; and a big red button probably too
[laughter]
&gt;&gt; probably. But what it doesn't have is
the capacity to do anything in a
commercial way in a useful. Now, if you
buy one, you are able to code onto it,
&gt;&gt; but that's a lot of work. The I'm sure
the dev kit is pretty good, but I don't
think it's going to be great. And
&gt;&gt; I don't care how amazing of a robot you
build. If the scarecrow got no brain, we
got a problem.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Exactly. So how many companies do
you think are even approaching this in a
reasonable way?
&gt;&gt; Well, that's a that's actually a fairly
significant dividing line between China
and Western companies including Europe.
There's some good robotics companies in
Europe and that is that China has been
building robots and they've been like,
"Hey, here's the hardware. Here's the
actuators, you know, and actually this
is great. Best of luck."
&gt;&gt; Well, yeah, exactly. Here it is. It's a
blank slate. Have at it. Uh, and it's
got some basic functions like stand up
and don't fall over and stuff like that.
But, but like you said, you know, you
kind of have macros. It's like shake
hands, do this, do this, do a dance.
Those kinds of things are are just
they're just recorded actions. They're
not anything that's that it's figuring
out on its own. So, yeah, it's a
scarecrow. It's a puppet. So, on the
West, you notice that we don't have
deployed robots all over the place in
Western companies. But what they're
doing is they're building the brains and
the the body at the same time and
they're using deep neural networks. But
the issue of course is that like I was
alluding to earlier is that data is a
problem for these companies because as
opposed to cars where you can just
capture people and Tesla to their credit
10 years ago was like we're just going
to put cameras and crap in all these
cars and record everything. We we don't
have the equivalent of that in people.
Uh now figure has started to do that I
think. Uh what's the project called? I
can't remember. It's it's a it's a
project. Um geez I'll remember the name.
It's not
&gt;&gt; I know the one it's the one where people
walk around doing the robot you know
normal human movements [laughter] and
&gt;&gt; well you just kind of walk around doing
your own thing every day and it's index.
That's what the name of it is. I I like
I have the app downloaded. I'm waiting
to get officially approved for it. But
so basically you put on a helmet and I
think some gloves and wash the dishes or
stack the dishwasher or I don't know do
whatever.
&gt;&gt; That'd be convenient for me because I
already wear a helmet. [laughter]
&gt;&gt; So you don't bang your head into the
wall, right?
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Doesn't everybody? So [laughter]
yeah. So anyway, the the the big problem
the the so the difference between coding
it all yourself, which you can do with
zero data because you just code it, and
moving to neural networks is the neural
networks give you the capability to
actually do to interact with all of that
crazy ass hardware and do all of that
stuff at once, but you're trading off
coding for insane amounts of data. And
we don't have insane amounts of data.
This is the reason why large language
models got so smart so fast. They had
access to the internet. It's like they
Yeah. Did they steal it? Yeah, that's an
ethical question. But they had access to
it. And they sucked it all down and they
said, "Okay, we trained on a ridiculous
amount of data and now we're pretty darn
smart." And we don't have the equivalent
of that for robots. And that's the
holding pattern right now software-
wise. I had someone tell me the other
day that I don't get it, that it can
just watch videos and understand enough
about the world that it doesn't need
firsterson training. And I found that
claim to be dubious. But I do not have
the resources to dispute it.
&gt;&gt; What do you think?
&gt;&gt; It is the goal. Obviously, that would be
that that would be the holy grail, the
north star, whatever you want to call
it. But no, they can't do that at this
point. You have to have the this is like
why index you wear like a little hat
that has cameras. And so it's basically
like looking like your eyes and it's got
little gloves, I think, that do. So, you
know, it's it has to be kind of embodied
in you as if you were the robot. Or
alternatively, you can wear the suit and
manipulate the robot directly and it can
learn. It's like, "Go over here, pick
this up." And so, you know, the guy's
over in the corner like reaching at the
air trying to grab something that the
robot's grabbing. So, yeah, it it that
is the goal. That would be fantastic
when that happens. And I think someday
it will, but uh nope, not today. So,
yeah, there's a lot of training left to
be done. When companies tell me, "Oh,
we've got FSD. We're going to have it
done by some impossible time." I say,
"Show me your data. Show me your
compute." And they can't. And if you
don't have the compute to show me, you
don't have a chance. With uh with
Optimus, we know where it's being
trained. We know the training center is
already running. And we know it's had
training before, but now it's got an
ocean of compute. Um that is still
ramping. So, it looks like it will be a
moat for some time. Uh, do you think the
market is so vast that it'll be hard to
tell the winners from losers for quite
some time?
&gt;&gt; I actually think there's going to be a
kind of a this is total speculation, but
I think there's going to be a two-layer
thing. There's going to be the first to
market folks and we'll we'll say like,
"Oh, so and so is winning. They're
definitely winning. This is definitely
the company that's going to do it." And
then we're going to see the followers.
So they'll they'll be like an explosion
and then a lot of them won't be quite as
good or scalable as we thought they
would be and then a second wave will
come in of of companies that kind of
like what Apple does. They're not the
first to market with something. They
wait until it's pretty good and then
they're like, "Aha, now we're going to
this and they and they come in and do a
fantastic job and then people buy their
thing as opposed to the the ones that
were the kind of first attempt at it."
So, I think what we're seeing right now
is a kind of a first attempt, a first
wave. And my feeling is, and it could be
the same companies that succeed on both
of these waves, but we'll see a first
wave that will go way up and then the
tide will retract a little bit and
people will say like, "Boy, humanoid
robots are useless." At which point,
immediately after that, we will see a
second wave happen, which will be
substantially better and people will say
like, "Oh, okay. These things are useful
now. They can do good work as opposed to
just being novel." And I guess this is
actually my last question. And I promise
this time uh but I will remind everyone
to subscribe uh to help us solve the
mysteries. Is that um how many functions
does Optimus need for Gen One for it to
be successful? Because I would argue 20
to 30 is probably enough.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Yeah. If you think about factory
work, which is where it's definitely
going to be deployed first because Tesla
can eat their own dog food. That's a
fantastic way to learn quickly. You know
what? If it's just like, okay, take a
little thing out of this bin, put it in
this bin. I'm sure there's a job
somewhere in the Tesla factory of doing
that. Or take this piece of sheet metal
and move it over here. Or stick this
over here after the adhesives on to make
sure it dries in place. There's there's
tasks like that. So, yeah, I mean, on
the order of couple dozen of those kinds
of tasks, and it can start off a third
as fast as a human, and then hopefully
it'll get to half as fast, then as fast,
and then faster. uh it at that point it
doesn't really matter. It's more about
can it do the job and can we find out
how many duty cycles it does before the
hardware collapses and the thing falls
over, you know, or when it mis mis
misunderstands its battery capacity and
it doesn't charge soon enough. Think,
you know, work out those bugs, those
sorts of things as it's doing the
factory jobs before it's in the home,
that's a different question. In order to
not just be a novel thing, sure, right?
If there's people who are going to spend
$50,000 on something because it's cool.
Uh but for it to actually do work that's
worth 30 40 $50,000 a year, [laughter]
right? It's it's going to be a while
because the home is much more diverse
and much more much more complicated
quite frankly.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, it really is. And the safety
constraints in a home are vastly
[clears throat]
different. There are there is infinite
variability between the dangers in any
two given homes. Whether one has gas,
whether one has only electric utilities,
uh small children or pets or a candle
for crying out loud. Uh there are a lot
of unexpected hazards. A factory has
OSHA and my house. I just checked. They
don't come by and check nothing. Uh so
my big hope for the future is that uh I
will not be crushed during an earthquake
because I swear everything is set up
precisely for that purpose.
&gt;&gt; So guys, what did we miss? What do we
misunderstand? Leave it in them
comments. Head over to John's channel,
Dr. Knowit All knows it all. He is so
close to 100K subscribers. We can get
him there. Can't wait. We'll find out.
Everyone else, stay tuned. Stay juicy.
And I cannot wait to hear from you
clever robots. perhaps even in the
comments on his channel where I appear.
Pretty cool stuff.