Channel:     brighterwithherbert
Title:       Tesla’s Biggest Achievement Isn’t What You Think
URL:         https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yQNyK-wPDWA
Published:   2026-06-25 18:30 UTC
Fetched:     2026-06-25 19:00 UTC

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Tesla's mission from the very beginning
was simple. Accelerate the world's
transition to sustainable energy by
building the best vehicles possible. But
along the way, Tesla may have
accomplished something equally
important. Making transportation
dramatically safer while manufacturing
those vehicles right here in America.
First, Tesla's safety advantage
continues to grow. New real world FSE
footage shows the system avoiding what
one owner described as a potentially
dangerous sideswipe situation,
reinforcing Tesla's belief that AI
assisted driving can help prevent
accidents before they happen. Second,
the Cybertruck just cemented its place
as one of the safest vehicles on the
road. It became the only pickup truck to
earn IIHS top safety pick for 2026,
avoiding every pedestrian collision
scenario tested, daytime, nighttime, and
multiple crossing angles. Third, Tesla
continues leading American
manufacturing. The Model 3 and Model Y
were ranked number one and number two
most Americanmade vehicles in the
country, regardless of whether they're
EVs or gas cars. And according to a new
Goldman Sachs note, the global EV surge
could reduce oil demand by up to 320,000
barrels per day by 2027, highlighting
the broader impact of Tesla's mission.
So today we'll look at how Tesla isn't
just building great cars, it's building
safer cars, Americanmade cars, and
vehicles that may ultimately help
transform the global energy economy. We
got Brian White here. Um he's one of our
only true Tesla journalists. Check out
his YouTube channel, Futurza, for
exclusive on the ground factory tours
and interviews.
&gt;&gt; Great to be here. Uh yeah, you picked a
topic I might know a thing or two about.
I appreciate that. It's a lot of fun. I
was just trying to I paused there for a
second because I was trying to make a
joke and I was going to say Brian White
here, a great guy, safer guy,
Americanmade guy.
&gt;&gt; Americanade. I'm 100% made in America. I
did have someone when I very first got
my first Tesla tell me, "Aren't those
made in China?" I said, "What?" No, it's
made in California. I don't It's just
like I I've driven to the factory. It's
not even that far. Watch.
&gt;&gt; And Brian's made in Portland, right? So,
um, I I'll leave the jokes to you, J.
Okay, let's move.
&gt;&gt; I think that's for the best.
&gt;&gt; Stay in your lane,
&gt;&gt; stay delayed. Okay. Goldman Sachs, uh,
says EV surge may cut global oil demand
by up to 320,000 barrels per day by late
2027. They noted that the analysis
understates the full picture as it only
accounts for additions to the passenger
car fleet and excludes two and
three-wheeler EVs which account for 92%
of total EV sales in India and 80% of
Vietnam as well as roughly 55% of global
oil demand unrelated to oil fuels. So I
mean again uh the EV revolution Tesla
was one of the major push for that.
China would not have made this
transition if it wasn't for the Tesla
Model 3 and setting up factories in
China, helping them grow this. And now
they're well over 50% of all cars are
battery electric vehicles plus hybrids,
but still very very good. I just want to
start with that because that's that was
the original mission. Build the best
cars, change EV um change the
sustainable economy and they've
sustainable energy and they've done that
&gt;&gt; and that's the big thing. We give
hybrids a hard time, and we should
because they're a half measure. There
are situations where a hybrid makes more
sense. There are situations where a
hybrid makes more sense. If you have a
truck and you're towing tremendous
distances, if you've got horses and you
need to drag them back and forth across
the country on a regular basis, that's
true for a handful of people. It is not
true for the 98 99% of drivers in the
middle. So, we don't need to focus on
that. But a hybrid does reduce the
number of barrels of oil being consumed.
That's what we're talking about. So how
big of a deal is this? This is great.
This is fantastic. It means just not
only less emissions, fewer emissions,
but it means that the time until uh we
reach a point where using oil as a fuel
is cost prohibitive is prolonged. It
means that air travel, which today
cannot effectively be done uh with
electricity for most routes, the
overwhelming majority of routes. It
means that jet fuel will remain
available for those long haul flights uh
for the foreseeable future, which is uh
maybe not the most sustainable, but at
least it buys us a whole lot of time. I
know the fossil fuel industry despises
this because they make billions of
dollars of profit per day. And the real
trick we run into is out of your
billions of dollars of profit per day,
do you know how many politicians you can
buy? All of them.
&gt;&gt; Do you know what the percentages of um
the contribution to climate uh the
carbon?
&gt;&gt; I do not vehicles plus semi, right?
Because if you add these, you know,
transportation, I think it's like
obviously it's what the reason why Elon
decided to go that route is because
transportation is I think I think I
heard 15 to 30%. It's it's one of the
first ones you want to address. And so
it's moving. This is critical. The other
big issue of course is not just creating
really great cars is safety. And that is
uh Tesla's priority is making sure that
you know safety and what's the best way
to have safety? Not get into an accident
at all. Here's uh Reigns kind of just
said FSE version 14.3.4 just saved us
from a maniac. The camera does not do
the situation justice. I don't believe
any human could have done better than
FSE here. This was superhuman driving
skill, Tesla said, preventing sidewipes.
Let's watch uh what we're doing here.
Oh.
&gt;&gt; Oh. So you didn't you didn't Yeah. The
car moved. But why? Because this guy was
uh cutting in
&gt;&gt; was because the Tesla was unfortunately
in that driver's blind spot, whether
literally or just in effect. And the
real problem is if you handcode it, it
wouldn't have swerved. It would have
just jammed on the brakes, which may not
have been enough. Uh, what I get tired
of is the well-known skeptics saying,
"Nope. What I saw in that video was
Tesla driving into oncoming traffic."
&gt;&gt; No, it crossed the double yellow, but
there was no traffic. If traffic had
been there, it would not have smashed
into the traffic. That is the kind of
behavior I would like myself to be
capable of. If I'm manually operating a
vehicle like a gosh darn caveman, uh,
no, I I want my driver, whether it's
human or otherwise, to be able to do
that.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. So, I'm not going to do a lot of
videos. I think there's a tremendous
amount of videos that show that FSE does
save lives. It's better than human
driving at this point, especially if I
supervise. I just want to bring it up
because what happened yesterday and two
days ago, 48 hours AC global news saying
that Tesla FSD or autopilot they called
it was the one that uh was flying 70 m
an hour in a residential, hit the home,
killed the per the woman that was inside
the home. And then of course, what do
you think the driver is going to say?
The driver's going to say, right,
&gt;&gt; absolutely anything they can to deflect
responsibility. The reality is when you
own a device, it has known failure
methods. If you use a blender all day at
work, uh there are things there are two
known failure methods. One is the blades
break. The other is the motor goes out.
That's it. If somebody says, I was using
a blender and it uh bursts into flames,
you'd say, "Boy, that's unusual. That
doesn't" Or if they said it literally
exploded, you'd say, "A blender? That
that doesn't sound like a blender? Are
you sure it was a blender? Uh, the car
is the same thing. When FSD has a moment
and freaks out and panics, it doesn't
floor it. It comes to a stop and maybe
jiggles the wheel a little bit like it's
thinking. Uh, you can see the the gears
turning in its head, so to speak.
Flooring it is not a known failure
method of FSD of humans. Absolutely.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. And Tesla's already came back and
said that the data showed that this car
was the accelerator was pressed all the
way to the ground and and you know it
continues. So clearly that was human
controlled. So uh FSE version 14 is now
rolling out in Australia, New Zealand.
Um but uh Brian I often like to test you
a little bit. What is this car?
&gt;&gt; Boy, you know it could be anything as I
like to say except it couldn't. It could
be one thing. That's the Model Y L.
slightly longer, slightly taller,
slightly bigger battery, and a whole lot
more usable capacity on the inside.
&gt;&gt; So, Model Y L um this is it though.
They're providing FSE activation update
for the Model Y L. So, that's the very
first time that the Model Y L could
actually get full self-driving
&gt;&gt; in Australia.
&gt;&gt; Nice. Well, I guess
&gt;&gt; anywhere in the world,
&gt;&gt; I suppose. I suppose.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Yeah, that's what they're saying.
Um, so that's great because it's it just
shows that of course it can be applied
anywhere. So I was going to ask you Joe
O'Brien Model Y L there's now rumors
quite hot and heavy that it's coming
here in the United States uh pretty
soon.
&gt;&gt; Imminent. It is imminent. What we saw
was I have a source that was able to let
me know that it appears to be that it
was going to be built in Texas. uh I
think it was the Verge who had it might
have been the Verge had an article last
week about it in which they said we have
multiple sources confirming it will be
in Texas and that uh deliveries could be
as early as August. Uh, so that would
fit with everything I've expected and
known. The people saying if ever, uh,
forget the if part. Uh, it's too
valuable of a form factor not to
include. And when you want a robo taxi
network with versatility, the cyber cab
is going to get you a lot of of your
demand satisfied, but you do need
something bigger and the Y checks all
the boxes.
&gt;&gt; Okay. Uh back to the safety uh
discussion. One of the things I hate of
course is you know journalists saying
that Tesla cars on full self-driving is
dangerous when it's complete opposite at
this point
&gt;&gt; and you're just you are you got blood in
your hands if you're writing articles to
try to kind of shape the narrative that
is bad for human. You know people are
not going to get into a self-driving car
now when it's safer. The other thing
that they did was you and I did many
shows on this that really frustrated us
was them saying that the Cybert truck is
the most dangerous vehicle on on on a on
you know on the roads because of of how
it's built and how high it was. And
remember that show we did where you kind
of pointed out that what matters most to
hurt people is not you know the shape of
the it's like the shape of the truck is
huge. It's the sh how high the front is
and the cybert truck the front is
actually much lower than other mega
trucks.
&gt;&gt; Yes.
&gt;&gt; So there's a new data to show that
cybert trucks are actually the safest
truck out there. So let's go through
this. First of all, this person pointed
out that he dodged a kid crossing a red
light on a bike. So while driving his
Cybert truck, he hit a utility pole dead
straight in. The inertia of the impact
was completely absorbed. Felt not like a
typical impact at all. industryleading
crumple zones for the win. My family and
the red light runner are all safe. Even
the pole was not damaged.
&gt;&gt; Take a look at this. So, he hit a pole
and they're safe inside. And one of the
reasons I really got like I got very
excited about electric vehicles way in
2012 was when they explained that
because there's no engine in front I we
can use that as crumple zones. And that
made me like one of those, wow, EVs are
not only all this stuff that's
beneficial, but it's actually going to
be safer because you have more crumple
zone in the front. Right. So what I
would ask uh viewers to do is if you
don't have time to understand exactly
what we're looking at rest assured that
we do that we have watched frame by
frame that crash test footage to know
that when I see an accident with damage
like this from an accident like that my
surprise level is zero flat zero because
I know what everything underneath the
skin looks like. This is exactly what I
would want to see and expect to see. And
yes, uh to the people say, "Oh, they
have no crumple zones." My friend,
that's demonstrably false. We've known
that uh since the very first footage
came out. We assumed as much because
without a crumple zone, uh survivability
would be unacceptable uh from the
perspective of uh any kind of safety.
This is uh not a surprise. This is what
we want to see. And I am also frustrated
by the people saying this is too
dangerous. Get it out of here. Only a,
you know, only a human. I still see
people saying LAR is the only way, my
friend. You worship a false god. Uh, it
is no silver bullet. Whimo and others
have proved that. Uh, while Tesla
without LiDAR does substantially better.
Uh, I argue the opposite. I've seen how
terrible humans are at driving. And yes,
I get it. They individually are the
best, safest driver out there. But
almost all of them have had accidents as
well. Um but of course they have excuses
for theirs when there's no excuse. Guys,
let's make the road safer. Every life
counts. Let's not play around anymore.
beyond uh if you do get into an
accident, obviously it's great to have
that protection, but and I'll show you
another video that shows what Teslas can
do, but in this case, in IIHS,
pedestrian front crash prevention test,
Cybertruck avoided every single
collision, daytime, nighttime, and
different angles. It was the only pickup
to earn top safety pick, plus the
highest award in 2026. Front crash
prevention pedestrian
includes high beam assist credit. Uh
crossing child day 12 miles per hour
test. This vehicle avoided a collision.
Avoided collision 25 mile test.
Nighttime parallel adult
&gt;&gt; crossing child.
&gt;&gt; Best crash is no crash.
&gt;&gt; No crash. Avoided every single
pedestrian collision. Yeah.
&gt;&gt; It's nice to have an outside. There's
internal crash testing. There's
government crash testing. But the IIHS
is the Insurance Institute for Highway
Safety. They have uh their own
interests. Their interests are what's it
going to cost to fix? What's it going to
cost to pay out? And so they're
approaching it from a a very
business-like sort of way. And for them
to give it such high marks, uh means to
me that considering everyone's given it
high marks, it's true. It's real.
&gt;&gt; Look at this. So, uh, this is all
perfect. Good. This is Cybertruck. And
then, um, the only one that's, uh,
marginal is seat belt reminders. Maybe
they should do more of that. That's easy
enough.
&gt;&gt; Latch ease of use is acceptable. And
then, but if you look at the other cars
too, Tundra did well as well, but uh,
unfortunately, Ford F-150, the Ram 150
very poor, like the worst in moderate
overlap front. Don't know what that
means exactly. Uh but you can take a
look.
&gt;&gt; Sure. Moderate overlap is uh so small
overlap is a is a front end collision
that just basically clips the fenders.
Moderate overlap would be one that hits
&gt;&gt; my rail my underc carriage rail hits
your rail. Got
&gt;&gt; in that it the F-150 does not buckle
sufficiently. If you look at the front
rail on a Cybert truck, you'll see it's
kind of scalloped and gets wider as it
goes back. Meaning, uh, in small
impacts, it's going to damage the front
of it. In larger impacts, it'll damage
successively more of it. And it's
aluminum, so it's designed not to try
and bend or or uh disfigure that dis uh,
you know, get bent up that way, but to
shatter uh, progressively. So it's what
happens when you get to start from
nothing and build for safety. You get
that.
&gt;&gt; Build it for safety. Yeah. In mind,
&gt;&gt; excuse me.
&gt;&gt; Deform is the word I was looking for. I
just couldn't find it.
&gt;&gt; So the safest large pickups trucks on
the market according to the IHS, Cybert
truck, top safety pick, Toyota, Tundra,
F-150, and down.
&gt;&gt; Um, the only one with gas. Mhm.
&gt;&gt; Uh-huh.
&gt;&gt; Okay. That was the only EV and everyone
else gas. Okay. Except for Arabians.
They did well. Okay. So, I wanted to
point this out too because this is a
video that they uploaded of it vision
system because you add vision which few
other vehicles out there have cameras.
It can help deploy the airbags just a
little bit earlier
&gt;&gt; and that makes all the difference.
&gt;&gt; Seconds is like
a blink of an eye. With the vision
system, we're looking at up to 70
milliseconds early at airbag deployment
decisions. But that can be the
difference between a serious injury and
walking away from the incident. We're
combining the camera system and the
accelerometers to do things that have
never been done before.
We've been able to utilize a new
capability of Tesla Vision supplementing
our existing restraint system and that's
been able to get closer to that optimal
restraint decision. In a traditional
system, the accelerometers are used to
detect not only the beginning of the
crash, but also try to quantify the
severity of the crash, how serious it's
going to be, and whether an airbag's
required. With our new system, we're
using vision to identify what type of
impact it is. And then we can rely on
the impact sensor to make the deployment
happen as soon as possible. So, the way
the system works is we've got cameras
around the vehicle. So, if we had a car
accident where two vehicles are coming
towards each other, the camera in the
Tesla is watching that vehicle and can
identify exactly when contact's going to
be made and how severe the crash will
be. That information is then passed
through to the airbag controller. By
passing that information across, we can
rely on the impact sensors here, here,
and here on this vehicle. We're still
using impact sensors to detect crashes.
We're just supplementing our decisions
by using information from the vision
system. And 70 milliseconds is all it's
going to take to get somebody right up
in front of the airbag when we're trying
to fill it.
&gt;&gt; This is obviously not something that we
want to rush to market. We've been
researching this over a number of years.
We've ran thousands of simulations and
we've run a number of physical tests,
both full vehicle and occupant sled
testing in order to validate that this
is going to provide a very real world
benefit.
Airbags have a set time to fill. That's
not a time that you can shortcut. So
utilizing Tesla vision to be able to
gain additional milliseconds to make a
faster decision to get the airbag out is
really critical to the occupant outcome.
So this is an example where we've been
able to utilize Tesla vision to deploy
the airbags before the occupant gets too
close to the steering wheel. This is
going to roll out as a software update
to existing vehicles. Tesla customers
will wake up tomorrow morning, get a
software update, and they'll have this
new feature that makes their car
significantly safer. This is something
outside the bounds of the fivestar
safety ratings.
&gt;&gt; Milliseconds matter.
&gt;&gt; Oh my god, I love that. I love that so
much. Like, this is a software company,
a tech company. They spent years working
on this to get that extra millisecond so
that you're less injury. you know,
you're a little further back when it
comes out,
&gt;&gt; right?
&gt;&gt; Wow. Brilliance. Brilliance. I love it.
&gt;&gt; And not something that they're
advertising, just something that while
they were doing it until it was done.
Who knows? Maybe it won't work. Turns
out it did. We're rolling it out. I'd
like to see ads about that.
&gt;&gt; I I'd like to I'd like the world to
know. Uh I am on July 2nd, third and
fourth. I'll be at Lake Sakuya Park in
Long View, Washington hosting an EV info
booth. Come bring your skeptical cousins
and uncles and nephews. Uh I will be
there dropping straight facts. I've got
a handbook I put together with all kinds
of uh citations. So when they say, "Oh,
but they catch fire too easily," I go,
"Aha!" No, they don't. So that's going
to be a lot of fun.
&gt;&gt; I love it. All right, buddy. You're the
best. Uh, so Teslas are Americanmade.
The ones you buy in US are Americanmade.
The ones you buy in China are all
Chinese. The ones you made in Europe are
the most Europeanmade cars out there.
The ones in the US are the most
Americanmade vehicles for 2026 as named
number one and number two by cars.com.
This includes all cars, EVs, and gas
cars. This is the sixth year in a row
that Tesla's claimed the most
Americanmade vehicle. So, please, my
gosh, I don't know why people hate Tesla
when they are the most Americanmade.
&gt;&gt; Okay,
&gt;&gt; in our in our Northwest group, Herbert,
uh I've done the parade, the Veterans
Day parade with Teresa and some of the
others. And on Teresa's car, she has a
big vinyl that says um most Americanmade
car,
&gt;&gt; proudly made in America, most
Americanmade car. And that's a thing
that people don't realize. People don't
really think of well my Ford surely
that's made in I mean well it's
assembled in America but it's shockingly
few US-made parts.
&gt;&gt; This is the scary or the interesting
part. Tesla and Model 3 Model Y. Next is
Jeeps. Okay.
&gt;&gt; Okay.
&gt;&gt; But what are we talking about? Hondas
and Lexus and Hondas. Like we're not
talking Ford, Chrysler, Jeep. You know,
these are the American car companies,
aren't they? No. Right.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Well, I want a real American car
like a like a like a Ford pickup, but
really the Honda Accord is much more
Americanmade. Very.
&gt;&gt; All right, Brian. So, you know, I just
wanted to do a show get right back to
the basics, right? Tesla is had one
mission for many years, a decade,
accelerate the world's transition to
sustainable energy. I feel like they've
done that. They've they've accelerated
the world's transition. They have made
electric vehicles a thing more globally
than the US. And yet the two biggest
concerns people have is safety. Oh,
Cybert trucks are dangerous or that are
not Americanmade
or
whatever, right? The the hatred is is is
is pathetic. It's poor. So, I just
wanted to make sure that people remember
&gt;&gt; and it's ridiculous when you look at it.
Uh early in the show you said there's a
bunch of ways Elon could have tackled
sustainable energy, he chose
automobiles. And the reality is as
difficult as automobiles were, it hadn't
been done. A company had not reached
mass production of a vehicle in the US
since Jeep uh what 60 70 years prior. uh
it's the least impossible of the ones
that he could have tackled knowing that
if you tackle the electric car
situation, the others can follow. You
now have a reason to get more solar on
your house, you have a use for that
extra juice. Um knowing that businesses
would want to do that, knowing that
other companies would step in to
manufacture chargers, to make better
batteries, to do all of the other things
to support this new industry. And China
saw that. That's why uh they wanted
Tesla to operate in the country uh so so
early. Uh Tesla was not the only company
that got that opportunity to wholly own
their Chinese uh operation. They were
just the first to do so because the
program had only gone into effect mere
days earlier. Others have followed in
their footsteps and it's worked out
great for China. They're very happy.
This kicked off what is now China's
crown jewel in terms of technology and
they're uh the world is slightly better
for it. And then not just cars, right?
The show we did this morning was all
about distributed power grids, mega pack
batteries,
uh distributed AI data centers, uh but
also space-based AI data centers. So the
the hatred for Elon and space and Tesla,
you have to step back and realize
overall regardless of politics, it is
net net the benefit for humanity
&gt;&gt; solving climate change that was a big
issue for so many people. It is still
for me and u we're actually making
indents making moves. The promises were
actually dealt with. So,
let's get
&gt;&gt; exciting times, man. Exciting times.
&gt;&gt; Thank you, Brian. You're exciting.
Appreciate you. Check out his channel,
Future Aza. Thanks, everybody. I've
created a website that is the most
comprehensive resource for the Tesla
investor. Please check it out. Simply go
to my website at herdom.com.