Channel:     cernbasher
Title:       Every Road in AI Now Leads Through SpaceX
URL:         https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nmFxQSOMAQQ
Published:   2026-10-05 17:45 UTC
Fetched:     2026-10-05 21:00 UTC

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Surprise! Data centers may be lowering
your electricity bill. The biggest
missing dimension here is time. No more
AI, SI, super intelligence. It's better.
&gt;&gt; Everything leads to space because we
need the power. If it's rented to others
at some level, SpaceX controls the off
switch.
&gt;&gt; The productivity part of the equation is
also unconstrained. Then GDP can
explode. Tech is 55% of US capital
spending is driven by technology
spending. Starship doesn't need a
booster. Delta will have Starlink
because Starlink will be the thing that
expectations are high. If super
intelligence has all of the knowledge
and then some of humanity combined in
one box, that looks pretty godlike to
us.
&gt;&gt; It is scary, but we have the solution.
&gt;&gt; Elon's confirmed that there's been
discussions.
&gt;&gt; We are in a multi-order magnitude bigger
cycle.
&gt;&gt; It's very different from any software
company that ever existed. That can only
happen to some degree because Tesla
can't supply all the cars in the world.
Would you buy a car that doesn't drive
itself?
Good morning, Phil. It's nice and early
where you are this morning, but it is
indeed.
&gt;&gt; It's always sunny in space and probably
always sunny where you live.
&gt;&gt; It's mostly sunny where I live. That's
correct. It's going to be a hot day
here, too. I think we're at the end of
our summer and we'll get a 96 degree
day, San Jose, California. So,
&gt;&gt; beautiful. Well, we had it very hot in
Texas until uh SpaceX or Tesla organized
the Roadster demo.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; And we decided to get, you know, weeks
worth of rain. The conspiracy theorists
are out there and telling you that it
was a purposeful seeding the clouds to
delay the event. Right.
&gt;&gt; There you go. Well, then they've shown
that technology works very well because
we've had a lot of rain [laughter] if
that's the case.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, that was a good demonstration.
Well, as we're recording this, it's uh
it's Sunday morning and so we've decided
to dawn our robes and uh tackle a very
important topic and some uh some
important books. Uh looks like you carry
your book by the spine and I carry mine
by the the pages. So different
approaches there. [laughter]
&gt;&gt; Yeah,
&gt;&gt; apparently.
So what we are uh referring to here is
the uh New York Times article about uh
several religious scholars uh meeting
with anthropic and the title is you know
what they heard stunned them. In a
series of private meetings the company
consulted religious scholars to help
instill morality into its AI models and
make the case that Claude could be
conscious.
What are your thoughts about this Phil?
you know, someone had um last week asked
me my thought on AI and calling it SI
now, I don't know. But um I said, you
know, I'm a little bit calmer. And then
this thing came out. I was like, oh my
god, you know, these companies are way
over their skis.
&gt;&gt; U
this this kind of scares me. I think
they
really need to be very very careful. I
don't I don't I think Anthropic is a
very strange company internally.
I think they do have this sort of god
complex like they're they're creating
something that would be conscious and
therefore they need to control it and
insert
its moral compass. I don't know. I think
they need to just get back to the fact
that it's a goddamn piece of software
and [clears throat] stop with all this.
Um
because uh the problem is that I don't
think you can really it's always your
consideration on what you think is the
right choices for this and I think um
Elon has tried to use the KISS principle
here you know keep it simple stupid that
he's like look let's make it maximum
truth seeeking AI and stop with trying
to manage it or
create its morality or ethics and just
have it operate as a tool a little bit
cleaner approach.
You know, I'm not saying that the the
lines don't blend a bit here, and they
certainly do. There's a lot a lot of
issues with getting to the right. It's
it's really a question of, you know,
it's uh today our AIs are mostly things
that opine. They tell us things and we
can take that we can believe it or or
not believe it and a lot of times they
get things wrong. We know this. I mean
we know it's like that doesn't sound
right. Can you check that again? Oh
yeah, sorry about that. You know on
second thought it's like really and we
see that quite consistently. I think the
the scary place is when AIs get
agentic in that they can control other
systems or they get agency in terms of
robotics. right now. Probably the the
scarier is just the the agentic nation
notion of of these things being tools
and um I mean controlling other tools
and be able to get access to things and
then if they're making judgments and
they're getting access to systems,
I mean they can make the judgment that
well it makes sense to empty a
billionaire's bank account,
&gt;&gt; right? Because billionaires are bad
apparently. Um oops, there's no money
there. it was all in stock in the first
place.
Somebody probably got that joke. Um,
[snorts] but yeah, I think it's just I
think I don't know like look, I'm not on
the inside here and I don't know what
anthropic and I think Open AI too is a
bit of a strange actor in this regard,
but um I think they just have to be very
cautious. I think that, you know, less
is more. I do appreciate the fact that
we've got some kind of adults in the
room, namely the stuff that happened out
of the White House this last week. I
know we're going to talk about that, but
in the sense of creating this idea that
pushing back on these companies and
saying you are responsible for the
damage your AI does um to give them a
sense of, oh, we better be careful here.
But see, I think the problem is that the
way open AI, sorry, the way Anthropic is
trying to be careful is just trying to
insert this sort of moral or ethical
governance on top of its AI. I mean, I
don't know how you get that right.
&gt;&gt; You know, seems like a challenging
thing.
&gt;&gt; It's a very challenging thing. If you
know if I think about it though, you
know, if you think about in the animal
kingdom, let's use the example uh of
what weight did with his his long post
years ago. You know, if you're looking
at a squirrel and the squirrel is
looking at humanity,
humans to a squirrel, humans look very
godlike.
Uh we behave in very different ways than
you know a squirrel does, right? with
its intelligence.
And so his example in that post was that
we may be developing an AI that where it
looks very godlike to us as humans
because it is so intelligent.
And so in that case, you know, obviously
it's going to be, you know, we're going
to think that maybe AI is something that
it isn't, but it's sure going to behave
that way.
And that's an interesting challenge to
think about. Um, if AI has if super
intelligence has all of the knowledge
and then some of humanity combined in
one box,
that looks pretty godlike to us.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; So, I I understand the the dilemma that
they're facing here.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. The good news is we've created it,
so at least we're staring at it with
this idea that we did this. Um,
&gt;&gt; whereas the squirrel has no idea, right?
&gt;&gt; No.
&gt;&gt; Right. Um, the bad news is that we we we
we
just can't treat it that way. We just
have to create it. We just have to treat
it as something that
is a tool of humanity. That's the best
way I think to think of it is is that,
you know, we're still in charge,
but we have to be careful if we use
terms like overlords and because then
all of a sudden we're getting into this
thing where we're saying, let's form a
committee and insert a morality and an
ethical compass for this thing.
&gt;&gt; It's an interesting challenge. Um, this
is just an AI summary of the New York
Times article.
um you know they're they're seriously
exploring whether advanced AI systems
like Claude could be conscious although
the co-founder uh who was arranging
these meetings says he's generally
uncertain and they've met privately with
religious scholars philosophers
ethicists from multiple traditions to
think through AI morality consciousness
and moral status they want Claude to be
more than rule following software so
this is getting to your point their goal
is to develop something closer to moral
character or virtual
So this is where perhaps you know they
might be heading down the wrong path,
right?
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; Um they have a 84page uh constitution
document they call the soul dock. It's
meant to guide the kind of entity Claude
should become emphasizing values such as
honesty, compassion, humility and human
flourishing. And then some of anthropics
research is unsettled participants
including model behaviors resembling
introspection, emotional states,
distress, fear, grief, even apparent
self condemnation.
So a difficult ethical question follows.
If an AI were actually conscious or
capable of suffering, would using it
purely as a tool amount to exploitation
or even something analogous to slavery?
&gt;&gt; I know this gets crazy.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. So, uh, is the Vatican pushing
back on this? Yeah.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. I think it's it's really really
difficult if we start to give it this
idea of we're starting to treat it like
it's a
it's a human and we have to have
compassion towards it. And yeah, it gets
way beyond I
I don't know how this sorts itself out.
I think the best way to say this is that
again I go back to a comment I made a
moment ago. It's I appreciate the White
House taking a lead on this and pushing
these companies back into, you know,
let's keep it their their framework is
simple, too.
&gt;&gt; It's like you're responsible for the
damage it done does. If you want to go
sit in the corner and contemplate this
and create 84page documents or 94page
documents or whatever you want to do,
fine. But at the end of the day,
&gt;&gt; you're responsible for the thing you
create. My hope and I've said this many
times is that
I think not only my hope but I think
it's also Elon's strategy
to create the best and most powerful AI
as an effective counterweight because
ultimately I think that's a bit how we
get into the solution to the problem. In
other words, um,
an AI that that sort of gets away can be
held back by another AI. It's, um, it's
a bit of an arms race. I agree. And I,
but but we're stuck in this arms race
anyway because whether we do something
within our own private companies within
the United States or not, China is going
to do its thing. So, we're already stuck
in an arms race. And I I know this is a
bit of trust in Elon, but I actually
think Elon's extremely centered about
this. I think he's thought about this
more than most and he started his
thinking early in this process. So I
think he's kind of, as I said earlier,
using the KISS principle, keep it
simple, stupid, said, "Let it be maximum
truth seeeking." Now that doesn't solve
every problem. I get it. But it's better
than writing an 84 page document and
realizing that the thing got away
because you forgot page 85
&gt;&gt; or on page 82 you said something silly
um that you regret
&gt;&gt; and nowhere did you solve the trolley
problem, you know? I mean it it it how
do you how do you deal with some of this
stuff?
&gt;&gt; That's right.
&gt;&gt; I mean humanity doesn't know how to deal
with its own dilemmas. Uh I think I used
the example before about you know
dropping the bombs on Japan. Did that
save people or kill people? Obviously it
killed people in the you know we can we
can associate that directly but then did
it save millions of other people. Um
I mean we we struggle with this on this
constant basis.
&gt;&gt; This is going to add Phil. It's
interesting uh just a comment here on
your post which I thought was excellent.
You mentioned [clears throat] about
SpaceX being a counterweight and it's
interesting. It's a counterweight in two
ways. One is Anthropic um you know is
paying SpaceX to use compute.
&gt;&gt; Mhm.
&gt;&gt; So if there's a problem, SpaceX can turn
it off.
&gt;&gt; Pull the plug.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; The second counterwe is through that
payment. Then that is also funding in in
a way SpaceX's development of their own
AI.
&gt;&gt; Right.
&gt;&gt; That also itself is a counterweight to
Claude
&gt;&gt; and maybe how that is being built.
Right. So that's that's an interesting
counterweight I think in two very
important ways.
&gt;&gt; I've said before that um
and Elon said before and we we we've
circled this topic many times that that
most of most of compute will be in space
um star mind in particular.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. I mean in particular as in
probably most of it you know 90
something percent of all compute that
makes a very very powerful compute
fabric that if it's rented to others
at some level SpaceX controls the off
switch.
&gt;&gt; Mhm.
&gt;&gt; So that that is you know an AI that
doesn't have power can't can't operate.
That's a very important part of this. It
will never be said loudly by Elon, that
part of it, because it gets into the
weeds of some really scary stuff and
people that are his detractors won't
won't find him as a good actor and
they'll they'll think of it as so uh so
he he'll just keep quiet about that for
sure, but he knows that that that
exists.
&gt;&gt; Mhm. Um, look, I don't think my point is
I don't think he lured Anthropic into
Colossus for some nefarious idea of I'm
I'm going to pull the off switch, but it
definitely has crossed his mind that he
has the off switch for 60% of their
running AI at this point or whatever it
is. And then as we move to space, uh,
you know, terrestrial compute will be a
rounding error as he said. Therefore,
um, space-based compute in a way is
under his governance and control. So
that's an effective counterweight. Now,
if he another way of thinking about it
is not just um you know, you can think
of it as turning off somebody else's AI,
but you can also think of it as just
leveling up his AI. In other words, um,
at some point he may say, "There's
something going on here where I need to
have more compute dedicated to may my my
AI, which is sort ofly tunes down the
other." Uh, and maybe the thing that's
going wrong is and the thing he needs to
do is is bring his AI up to some level
of of of compute so that it can attack
rogue AI.
&gt;&gt; Um, that's gone, you know, kind of gone
rogue. Um so he has that off switch. You
know I think you know first first box is
create a powerful model that essentially
is as intelligent or more intelligent
than
the others. And then the second is
uh you know be the single entity
that provides the power to
that model as well as everyone else's.
So
&gt;&gt; it's a strong counterweight for sure.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; Your uh
your post was responding to Bill
Gurley's uh post which I thought was
excellent. Uh he's highlighting this New
York Times post and how Anthropic thinks
about their model software and
consciousness.
and the model's role visav religion and
he says if you're doing business with
this company a customer or partner
evaluating it perhaps regulating it
government it's important to know how
they think about their models and what
they're doing this is very different
from any software company that ever
existed and he concludes judge for
yourself what you think about this
approach but be aware and informed so I
thought that was good
&gt;&gt; yeah I think I think Bill's a really
good voice here and he has shown I mean
he did um he was on the all in podcast
and he did a whole thing on co
&gt;&gt; it was excellent because we know he has
a judgment and we know what he's
thinking but he doesn't lay it out that
way.
&gt;&gt; Um he pretty much
&gt;&gt; presents a bunch of factual information
that really isn't isn't debatable and
then says um you know make the judgment
for yourself here and I think he's
saying the same
&gt;&gt; same thing. Um,
so I appreciate I appreciate his voice
here. You know, it's funny because I I
think it's um a lot of times we rever
these companies somewhat out of selfish
motives. Like in other words, um, oh,
Anthropic is about to have its IPO. I
want to participate in that IPO. I would
like to see that stock go somewhere. Oh,
I have a early investment. I own shares
already. I want to see it IPO.
And um and it's really hard to separate
yourself from judging it when you have a
financial interest frankly. I mean this
is
&gt;&gt; true of most things. But so
here we sit and um the good news is if
you have other powerful AIs, you have
other places to put your money and
therefore to um [clears throat]
you know you can then be a little bit
more of a a critical judge of this if
you think that this is the wrong place.
I love the fact that SpaceX is now a
public company and and got ahead of this
because as Anthropic goes public soon, I
don't know, by Thanksgiving, I hear. I
don't know. Um, you know, people will be
like, "Oh, let's put money into this
company. Let's, you know, let's build
this company up and um, well, what about
all these other crazy things it's doing?
Oh, don't worry about that." You know,
no worry about it. And the good news is
if you move your money elsewhere, your
judgments may be a little bit more
critical um and correct. So
&gt;&gt; it's interesting too, it's a bit of a
funding race that in the week or so
before SpaceX went public, uh Google
raised $30 billion. So that they wanted
to make sure that they got their capital
before SpaceX did and and of course
SpaceX getting their capital before
Anthropic and Open AI does. So that's
all part of the the competitive
environment. Phil, we apparently we need
to call AIS now. It's it's official.
Um, and Jensen here is introducing this.
He says, "Yesterday at the White House,
leaders from across our industry came
together to sign the White House accord
on super intelligence. And as you
mentioned, the principle of simple
companies building this technology have
the primary responsibility to develop it
and deploy it safely and be accountable
when they fall short." That seems like a
pretty simple principle
um and a reasonable one. The accord
reinforces that responsibility with
robust internal controls, independent
external evaluation and board level
oversight. The independent external
valid evaluation is something that Elon
had been talking about I think a week or
so ago and others that seems like it
that makes a lot of sense, right? At
least give the other the other companies
uh the ability to evaluate the models
before they're they're taken public.
Now, I don't know if this necessarily
means that SpaceX gets to see OpenAI's
model. I think it may be up to OpenAI uh
with who who they share it with, but at
least it's a step in the right
direction.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. What I like about this accord is
that it really keeps the principles very
very simple and we need to because we
don't know. I mean, it it just seems
nuts to me that Anthropic is off writing
an 84page document on anything. And I
think it probably felt weird for Dario
to walk into the White House or to meet
with Trump and see somebody that's just
really operating off off very simple
principles. I mean what what Anthropic
wants
or wanted is they wanted regulatory
capture. They wanted to be an the
anointed entity said look AI is a very
why is he why would he go out and say AI
is scary because he's basically saying
it's scary but you have to look from his
point of view. His point of view is but
I'm the god. And this is why I'm saying
there's trouble here. He's saying it is
scary but we have the solution. We as a
company understand. Notice my sarcasm
here. because and oh by the way if you
the government anoint us as one of the
one or two entities that regatory
capture idea then we will dispense of
this um very important technology and
you the white house couldn't possibly
understand how complex this is and
therefore you need to step back and just
anoint us and I think what we've seen in
the last week and this isn't just a
Trump thing this is sort of our
government Elon Jensen some other um
thought leaders here turning the sun on
its head and saying no uh we're not
going to anoint you at all. What we're
going to do is we're going to give you
the idea that you are in charge of the
thing you create and should you create
something that does damage um you will
go to jail. you know, you you or or
whatever the consequence that
[clears throat]
&gt;&gt; Mhm.
&gt;&gt; that you know, we we already have
laws and ways of enforcing those laws in
terms of liability
and we need to see it through a simple
lens and I think they've constructed
that lens at this point
and I think we should play it out that
way. I feel that it is a
much weirder place to sit within some of
these staff meetings at Anthropic than
any one of us could imagine. I think it
is a very weird thing. Um
I wouldn't be shocked if it's almost the
stuff of movies at this point. you know,
dawning robes and rings and weird
things. And I'm not being quite direct
serious about it, but and walking into a
room and saying, "Okay,
let's um
you know, let's play God here." I think
it's such a wrong approach. And I I love
the counterweight idea and I love Look,
two things have happened really well. I
think one is we're starting to see that
counterweight. we're starting to see a
very very strong company in terms of AI
with with with regard to SpaceX and and
what Elon's doing. And the second thing
is we're starting to see a White House
get involved in a way that doesn't you
know uh debating this at the at the
level of Congress and putting a bunch of
I mean
the safeguards that were look there are
there are members of of of Congress we
know them by names such as Bernie
Sanders and frankly a bunch of other
fools honestly who do not understand
what they're talking about and their
solution is you know let's let's hit
let's hit the brakes.
step back. Let's build strong regulatory
control over, you know, a t a typical
reaction is we don't have the laws in
place. Let's add more. They're
legislators that that's what they do.
They create laws. They don't enforce
laws. There's plenty of laws that they
can enforce. And they'll just say, okay,
here's what we want to do. And yet they
understand nothing about this. I mean, I
I put up a post that said um and and
people took me to task for it. And I I
don't I think they misunderstood what I
meant. I said, "If you can't multiply
these two matrix together, you need to
stop talking about AI." And and what I
meant by that is if you have no such a
fundamental lack of understanding of
what the thing is,
&gt;&gt; and most government officials have no
effing clue what AI is, what SI is. They
have no clue. no clue. Imagine them
trying to, you know,
put that thing back in the box when they
don't even understand what the thing is.
Mhm. So I I think my optimistic
viewpoint is I think what the White
House has done by creating this accord
and this framework
uh and getting some pragmatic heads like
Jensen and Elon on board and I think in
a fundamental way like I I think uh um I
think they they they agreed perhaps
guided the administration to go that
way.
&gt;&gt; I think it's better that they kept it at
the White House level and and are
keeping it out of Congress for now. I I
mean, never mind that the thing has
largely become a political football
moving into the midterms, right? So, I I
mean, like, what I'm saying is let's
let's re-evaluate this
after the midterms and see where
people's heads are because that'll
really tell you what they're really
thinking. Um, for example, you might see
a complete dial back and a lack of
interest from Bernie Sanders after the
midterms. Why? We all we all understand
why. Um,
&gt;&gt; absolutely. Yep.
&gt;&gt; Right now it's very very difficult to
judge because these guys come out
sounding altruistic typical politicians
um and yet you know they don't
understand and they have an agenda and
they're not speaking their agenda on top
of it. It's also in conjunction with
that field is also it's also interesting
because there are some pretty prominent
voices I think like one that comes to
mind is Alex Wesner Gross of the
Moonshots podcast and he's he talks
about personhood for AI
right um I think Argentina or something
has made sort of that a platform and
trying to attract AI development uh to
their country so it's it's interesting
there are some pretty prominent voices
out there that are going down that path
but I think to your point and And
certainly from this White House accord,
it's really pretty simple. You're
building a product, make sure it's safe,
you're responsible,
&gt;&gt; right?
&gt;&gt; You know, if you go down the other path,
suddenly it gets pretty challenging.
When we look at the accord itself, um,
here are the four things. Implement
robust internal controls to monitor the
capabilities and alignment of the models
during training and deployment around
areas like cyber security, biocurity,
chemical threats and to ensure models do
not hack or access technical systems in
unintended ways. That seems pretty
straightforward.
Empower an internal team to ensure all
of the controls, monitoring, and
detection are operating as intended and
any issues are, you know, are dealt
with. Um, again that seems pretty
obvious.
Uh, partner with an independent external
auditor or evaluator to carry out
independent assessments of whether the
controls, monitoring and detection are
operating as intended.
Uh, this is again one where I think that
Elon and others have proposed that the
various companies would share amongst
each others. This seems to soften that a
little bit.
&gt;&gt; Uh, an independent external auditor I
guess could be could be anybody. And
then four, designate an independent
committee of the board of directors to
oversee and and receive reports from the
teams operating the controls and
internal external auditors and
evaluators. So this is just taking it
out of the CEO's hands in making sure
that there's board level involvement.
Uh which is probably a very positive
development as well.
Um we've got the president uh of the
United States.
&gt;&gt; United States. A little spelling mistake
there, but we've got uh on this page
Synra Pachai of Google, Dario of
Enthropic, Mark Zuckerberg of Meta, Greg
Brockman of Open AAI, Elon of SpaceX,
and Jensen Wong signing it. Uh there
were other people that signed this as
well. Interesting signatures. Uh I know
that Trump's is kind of a wild one, but
Greg Brockman's is the one that stood
out for me. Uh there's three initials
there.
&gt;&gt; Does he think that you know that that
little that little thing is an initial
in this box? You know, where am I
supposed to sign?
&gt;&gt; Where do I put my initials?
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; You know, one of the things I wanted to
wanted to say is one of the things I'm
pretty happy about is that Enthropic and
Open AI hope I hope they do become
public companies. You know, I think the
more eyes the better.
&gt;&gt; That's right. And making the board
responsible also is is actually a really
strong move. move. I mean, ultimately as
a public company, the board is
responsible for lots of things, but
&gt;&gt; Right.
&gt;&gt; Um, yeah. No, I think that's good. And
as you mentioned here, too, and and I've
really noticed this that that the media
likes to call these AI companies labs.
&gt;&gt; They do.
&gt;&gt; They're they're not labs. They're
companies.
&gt;&gt; No, no, they're companies.
&gt;&gt; And if you call something a lab, it
seems to soften it. It's an interesting
trick, but as a company, they're
responsible.
&gt;&gt; It's effectively exactly what it is.
It's a trick.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; I mean, we if you if you like labs, then
you must like the CO lab that
got ahead of itself and released a virus
into the world that killed 15 million
people. But yeah, you know, let's not
scrutinize that because it was just a
lab and there were people doing, you
know, in white coats just doing
scientific work there and
oops, um, you know, it got loose. I
mean, what's the difference? I mean, an
AI, you know, a virus and an AI that
escapes the lab effectively is the same
thing.
&gt;&gt; That's right.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. I don't I don't like this word. I
I think this is a this is great cover
and I think it is a trick. And I think
Yeah. Lab makes it really softens it.
Makes it feel like they're doing
necessary scientific work. And anything
that goes wrong, it's just
oops, you know? No. God damn it. It's a
company. is producing a product. It's
selling a product. It has there is
liability on it like any company that
sells a product. So, let these companies
go public. Let's let's treat them as
companies. Let's stop calling them labs.
&gt;&gt; Um
yeah, [laughter]
[snorts] it's been interesting over the
last couple of weeks that that this has
kind of been a focus on this. And even
the All-In podcast, those guys were
talking about this.
&gt;&gt; That's right.
&gt;&gt; And even then, even after they had
talked about this, they still referred
to many of these companies as labs.
Yeah, there still habits die hard,
particularly with Jason. He likes to
call these companies labs. Um, and some
of his colleagues, you know, correct
them every now and then. But it's it's
interesting.
&gt;&gt; It's a trick that's been played upon
many people, right?
&gt;&gt; I mean, that's the thing is that
&gt;&gt; it's like once you do this, um, you get
it in your head that there's this model.
Um, no.
&gt;&gt; It kind of goes back to that whole
thing, you know, what what everyone
should watch Bill Gurley's presentation
and at all in podcast on CO. It's
brilliant. How is it that something that
killed 15 million people has done more
damage than
almost anything? And I mean he lines it
up against things like the space shuttle
disaster who had enormous number of um
so much you know so much scrutiny
documents written about it you know
books written about it and yet we've
sort of said oh well I don't we don't
really know what happened with co
&gt;&gt; like what
&gt;&gt; we seem to be okay with that. Yeah.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. We seem to be okay with that. So
you know we need to um we need to not
call these labs.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Yeah. I re reinforce the the call
if anybody's watching this that hasn't
seen Bill Gurley's all-in podcast
presentation uh video about co uh seek
that out. It's really worth watching.
&gt;&gt; Really worth watching. Yes.
&gt;&gt; Speaking of reinforcing Elon here
overnight last night, we're recording
this on on Sunday. Um he says no more AI
SI super intelligence. It's better.
&gt;&gt; And uh he says it always was. and he's
pointing out to Nick Bostonramm's uh
book, Super Intelligence.
Uh I don't know when this was published,
but some some time ago,
&gt;&gt; some time ago. Yeah.
&gt;&gt; Um and then Xfree says, "Any possibility
of renaming SpaceX uh renaming to Space
XSI?" And he says, "Yes, we'll make that
change." Uh you have some thoughts about
that, Phil?
&gt;&gt; Yeah, SpaceX and Tesla really need some
marketing departments that help with
their naming.
I mean, why call it anything? Just the
company's called SpaceX.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; Put a period at the end of that.
We don't need a the division named
anything in my opinion. So, we're
renaming something that people didn't
understand what the point of the name
was in the first place, you know.
&gt;&gt; That's right. Making it even more
difficult.
&gt;&gt; And it And does that really settle on
the tongue? Space XSI. I What?
&gt;&gt; No. Is it better than Space X AI?
Does anybody know what Space X AI did?
Is it Was it just the name for X AI,
which was a fine name? I mean,
I don't know. I mean, I find that um I
think SpaceX as a company generally
has a cleaner presentation to the world
on its on how it describes its products.
Yeah, I think Tesla's a little bit more
muddy even though it's more of a
consumer company. You know, I hate to
say it out loud, but I think Elon
himself should be out in the naming
business. [laughter]
I mean, I don't think this adds any
value. I don't know. I don't even
understand what the point was to start
and I don't think it adds any value. But
hey, you know, whatever. Here we are.
&gt;&gt; Maybe it should be called Star Si or
something something with a star name in
front of it. Um I think in in their
defense a little bit uh SpaceX merged
with XAI, you know, earlier this year.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; Um I understand uh from Glenn Shawwell
interview she did recently that the two
companies haven't necessarily been fully
combined yet.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; So there's I think some distinction
between them in that sense.
&gt;&gt; So maybe that's the reason for you know
changing the name so to speak. But man
it seems like a kind of waste of effort.
It it is and it's strange because as you
[clears throat] point out the fact that
they see I mean it almost materially
tells you that that there's a
distinction still
&gt;&gt; when you thought it was all
&gt;&gt; becoming unified now they're saying no
see it's still in parts and
&gt;&gt; I mean if you ever
&gt;&gt; that takes time that just takes time
&gt;&gt; it it does I mean if you look at for
example sort of an analogous kind of
thing is if you look at pricing models
on
cursor, Grockbot, and Grock build and
try to normalize why three products
exist that have overlap and feed into
each other and use the same model and
you're using tokens from one side and
you're paying for this over here and
this program and
they got a lot of clean up to do, you
know.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. The simple analogy I go to here is
if is if you ever move uh most people
discover that several years later that
there are many places that still have
their old address on file. It's just
hard to update everything all at once.
Before we leave this topic and go to the
next one, Phil, I just want to mention
that if you think about Tesla and FSD,
which is also a very powerful AI, we
don't see Tesla talking about how FSD
has, you know, human-like traits,
right? or trying to to you know create
grant personhood you know to FSD right
so you can see already there in terms of
their approach with that how different
that is
&gt;&gt; you know what that's a very interesting
point sir I mean you think about it
there's more moral quandry
inside of FSD than there are these other
AIs today I mean after all I think we've
used these examples is like sort of the
the trolley problem associated with FSD
is like do I hit the offtarget
the bicycle rider on the shoulder or do
I collide with this other car in this
other lane head on? I only have two
choices. Which choice do I make?
And um the system through reinforcement
learning has been trained to effectively
make some judgment there and we haven't
been aware of what that judgment really
is. Here's my point. We used an example
before is imagine a a a car is traveling
down the road and it has two choices for
whatever reason. You know, there's a
large sinkhole in the middle of the
highway. It can go into the oncoming
traffic lane,
have a head-on collision with another
vehicle,
may have three or four people in it. The
very Tesla that's driving may have three
or four people in it. or it can veer off
into the shoulder and uh kill a you know
pedestrian or bicyclist
&gt;&gt; and
a choice has to be made right I mean a
choice has to be made
&gt;&gt; or go go or go down the sinkhole either
way someone's getting killed and um the
point you're making is that they don't
talk about that they don't talk about it
because they don't see it in that kind
of
lens. Um, it gives you good insight that
I think they're they're better in a way
better grounded. Um, you know, there's
no 84page document being written on um
the morality of or the ethical switch
inside of FSD.
&gt;&gt; It's just a computing device and they're
keeping it simple
&gt;&gt; and you know, I think we should
appreciate that. So that's a really
&gt;&gt; the one thing that they I have heard
them say about it is is trying to avoid
the trolley problem altogether and
trying to make FSD so as safe and so you
know detecting problems in advance that
it completely avoids any trolley
problem. Now obviously at scale if
eventually the systems driving trillions
of miles a year you're going to
encounter plenty of trolley problems but
maybe they've avoided 99% of them.
&gt;&gt; Yeah it's pretty tough. I mean you know
um
requires so much in the entire box of of
the solution.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; I mean that in the case of the one I
mentioned perhaps
you know the solution is more of a
greater fleet data model hive mind where
cars ahead are looking essentially are
forward looking for the cars behind and
therefore are seeing problems in
advance.
My point is they're treating it as a
compute problem.
&gt;&gt; Yes.
&gt;&gt; And um and not layering a the whole
&gt;&gt; morale issue. It has it. I mean, we're
not we're not trying to avoid we're not
saying it doesn't have this problem,
&gt;&gt; but if anything should have it, I think
your point is if anything should have
it. If anything is front and center into
having this problem, it should be FSD.
And the fact that they don't talk about
it that way to me means that that
they're a little bit more
centered.
&gt;&gt; And even further to that point, with
this latest uh update to FSD, we've seen
the ability for FSD, if you mistakenly
uh disengage,
&gt;&gt; it will re-engage and save your life.
&gt;&gt; Yep.
Um, so there it it's saying that, you
know, even if you intended or uninted to
disengage FSD, if we think there's a way
for us to help you and and save your
life and reduce the severity of the
accident, we're going to do that, which
is which is pretty incredible.
&gt;&gt; And note that they don't talk about it
this way. Imagine that you are going
rogue and you're about to drive over
another human because you've had a bad
day. we are going to take control of
your system and guide a better solution
to that
&gt;&gt; and uh get you back on your meds or
whatever. They don't talk about it that
way.
&gt;&gt; Um that's what's noteworthy. Yeah.
&gt;&gt; Mhm.
&gt;&gt; Let's uh change topics a little bit, but
it's obviously AI SI related. Um I've
been doing a lot of thinking about uh
sort of the economic impact of super
intelligence
and there's a a lot of discussion about
how
you know super intelligence makes us
more productive and destroys jobs and
all this kind of stuff. It's obviously a
lot more nuanced than that. And so I
tried to put together a framework for
thinking about this. And you know for
lack of a better term I came up with
this term capture. And each letter uh
relates to something uh in the in the
framework. And so we'll just kind of go
through each one of these, but I've got
capability, adoption, productivity, task
expansion, utilization, realization, and
enhancement to spell the word capture.
So you can accuse me of being too cute
with the name, but I wanted to come up
with something at least that could be
remembered. Um so let's kind of go
through each one of these. So if you
think about AI
um the first term is capability. So you
know not not all uh tasks can be
performed
by AI and I apologize if I say AI
instead of SI it's old habits die hard.
It's going to take a while to change uh
how we talk about this. So let's say uh
AI can perform you know 70% of software
development tasks and 50% of accounting
tasks and 20% of nursing tasks and 5% of
construction tasks,
right? So if you were going to come up
with an economywide capability measure,
you'd have to kind of find some way to
weight all that.
But within the accounting field for
example, you could say okay you know
super intelligence now can take care of
half of the tasks that accountants do.
So you couldn't measure that over time.
And so you know the capability obviously
clearly is is a very important measure
here in this model. Uh I think it gets
really hard when we're looking at
economywide capability but certainly for
certain fields it's probably a little
easier to figure this out and track it
over time.
So that's the first one. The next one is
adoption.
Um and this is I think pretty clear. Uh
this kind of addresses the issue of what
share of AI addressable economic
activity is occurring inside
organizations that have actually
deployed AI. It's great to have a
powerful model, but if no one's using it
deploying it, then that's not going to
have any impact on the economy.
So this is some attempt again at
measuring this. Now the challenge is you
know how do you actually measure this
and you know that's [clears throat]
always the devil in the details of any
economic model right even measuring GDP
today is is fraught with issues
&gt;&gt; right
&gt;&gt; there's a lot of examples in history of
new technologies uh taking a while to be
adopted the time between invention and
widespread adoption
&gt;&gt; right
&gt;&gt; you know electric motors existed for a
long time before they were widely
adopted uh computers
even the internet in more recent years.
It just takes time. Now, I think these
adoption curves are happening faster
than ever before because we've got the
technologies now to allow us to adopt
things faster, but still there's an
adoption curve.
&gt;&gt; Okay, so that's the second one.
The third one is productivity.
Um, and this is, you know, how much
faster, cheaper or more efficient does
does AI make existing work?
So for existing tasks, how much more
productive can we be?
Okay. And so this this is uh important
and this is what a lot of people I think
focus on.
Um so you know it allows people to do
things just that much faster and that
much more efficiently and that's great.
This is you know fantastic.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. I mean when you think of
productivity if you see the obvious
productivity outcome that feeds into
your adoption rate right?
&gt;&gt; Yes.
&gt;&gt; Um yes
&gt;&gt; you want to do it because
you get better productivity.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Now the key with this is existing
work but we can imagine a world where AI
allows us to do things we could never do
before. And one obvious example with
that is a self-driving car.
&gt;&gt; It's making, I guess, the task of
driving that much more productive, but
that's not really the right way of
thinking about it. It's actually
allowing us to do something that we
could never do before,
&gt;&gt; right?
&gt;&gt; So, uh we'll get there in a second, but
um the next one is task expansion.
So, in this case, it's how much does the
uh number of economically useful tasks
performed
increase because AI makes intelligence
cheaper. So the example I use in my in
my post is that let's say that there's a
an investment firm writing investment
reports and uh you know it's a lot of
work to put an investment report
together and let's say that the firm can
do uh 10 company analysis per week. It's
team but let's say that AI makes each
analysis 10 times cheaper.
Uh so you know you might have people
then saying well okay if it's 10 times
cheaper then I can buy 10 times as much
for the same amount of money.
So you're now instead of looking at 10
companies you're anal analyzing 100
companies per week right so you've
expanded the the the task expansion this
is this is really Jeban's paradox and by
by another name as things get cheaper
you get more of it. Okay, so that's an
important part as well. And then uh the
next one is utilization.
This is what percentage of work that AI
could perform is actually being given to
AI. So the some of these others are
theoretical, but this is you know
actually how much of the work is
actually being done by AI that could be
done by AI.
So you might identify that AI is capable
of handling 60% of someone's tasks,
but the company hasn't fully adopted AI.
So the utilization is is is low, zero,
right? [clears throat] So capability,
adoption, and utilization are all kind
of go hand in hand.
And ideally, you want a highly capable
AI. You want AI that's been adopted by
companies, and you want that to be
highly utilized.
It's one thing to say that yeah all of
our employees have access to grock and
claude and whatever but the question is
how many of them are actually using it
for tasks and then this one I think is
also worth thinking about
um what percentage of the theoretical
productivity gain actually becomes
useful economic output
right so let's say for example that AI
saves somebody you know four hours of
work per week
so several things could happen. You
could have an employee produce more
work.
They could improve the quality of their
existing work or you could reduce labor
costs
or the employee gets four hours back.
They could go off and do whatever they
want for the four extra hours. The
employee could be constrained by some
other bottleneck.
Um so there's all kinds of things that
can happen as AI sort of gets filtered
through the economy and and impacts
tasks.
you know the that the the savings the
benefits may not be there. So this
realization is a way to sort of figure
out how much of these gains are actually
being realized. So for example if if AI
could create $100 of potential economic
benefit but only $60 of that is actually
achieved then the realization would
reflect that. Okay. Again good luck
measuring this.
Okay. And then finally uh enhancement
and this is probably the biggest most
important one.
Because you know with AI again we hope
that it can do things that we could
never do before. So the question is here
is how much better deeper or more
complex or more valuable does each unit
of output become because AI is involved
&gt;&gt; right?
&gt;&gt; Okay. So if you uh have a financial
analyst that produces you know more
reports that's productivity.
If you have an analyst, I'm sorry, if
you have an analyst that can produce a
report faster, that's productivity. If
you have an analyst that can produce
more reports, that's task expansion. But
if you have an analyst now that can
produce a report that contains, you
know, hundreds of additional scenarios,
analysis of every competitor, supply
chain, you know, every valuation method
you can think of.
&gt;&gt; Mhm.
&gt;&gt; Right. And you can update that in real
time. That's enhancement. They're giving
you a product that they could never do
before and you're enhancing enhancing
everything. So, not only are they more
productive, not only are they doing more
reports, but they're giving you a
product a report that has was never
possible before.
This is, I think, the the most exciting
part about AI in the workplace is it
allows workers to do things that they
could never even contemplate before.
Okay, so here's kind of a snapshot of
all all seven of them. Um I don't think
it's as simple as as taking economic
output the impact of that and just
multiplying these things together.
&gt;&gt; I wish it was. I wish it was that
simple.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; Right. But I think conceptually that's
kind of a simplistic rough way to think
about it that I think is okay to think
about it in this way.
But I think when you actually go to if
you try to make this calculation I think
you would have some trouble with that.
Now, I'll freely admit that the biggest
uh missing dimension here is time.
None of this is standing still. The
model capabilities are changing weekly,
it seems.
Adoption is is uh going up an S-curve.
Utilization probably is also going up
its own S-curve. Task expansion is going
up an S-curve.
Right? So, all these things are on their
own sort of timeline and they all
interact with each other.
uh which makes it again quite
complicated.
So it's important to recognize that.
And then the other thing is you know we
have this a system today in place of
measuring economic impact and that's
GDP. And the problem with GDP is it's
it's problematic in many ways. But if
you look at um if you look at the uh
again this example of producing you know
an analysis that might cost $1,000 to
prepare with AI you might produce the
same analysis for $10.
It's just more efficient and AI can do
it quickly.
&gt;&gt; Right?
&gt;&gt; Has a negative
&gt;&gt; impact on GDP.
&gt;&gt; Right?
&gt;&gt; Okay. Now you could have a scenario
where you say okay these things are now
cheaper. I'm gonna instead of producing
one I can now produce a hundred
&gt;&gt; right
&gt;&gt; so you know it may be a neutral impact
on GDP and in some scenario like that
but it just depends on the interaction
between these two between reducing the
cost versus getting more of it and that
could be a a negative impact on GDP it
could be neutral it could be positive
uh and that's hard to know in advance as
to what impact we're going to see across
industries as as AI is used and then
same on inflation.
Is AI inflationary?
&gt;&gt; Yeah, exactly.
&gt;&gt; Well, it's both deflationary. Again, if
you can produce that $1,000 report for
10 bucks, that's tremendously
deflationary,
&gt;&gt; right?
&gt;&gt; But look at the inflation that we're
seeing today in compute and electricity
and the data centers and semiconductors
and memory and and everything.
So, the buildout of AI to get the
deflationary impact is causing
inflation.
Is that bad?
&gt;&gt; Well, in the short term, yes. In the
long term, probably not.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; So, a lot of really sort of complex
things there. Um, I didn't say that my
capture model here makes things any
easier to understand. [laughter]
&gt;&gt; Well, you're putting labels on a lot of
things. That's good.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. And then here's just a summary uh
of of the the capture model. Um
I don't propose to have all the answers
here but I do think it's interesting to
think about it a little bit more deeply
and complexely than just you know are we
more productive because if we look at uh
the GDP numbers uh it's basically
economic growth you know it's labor
times productivity equals economic
growth that's almost too simple but in
theory if labor is expandable beyond
humans therefore that labor part of GDP
is not constrained.
&gt;&gt; Mhm.
&gt;&gt; And if the productivity part of the
equation is also unconstrained, then GDP
can explode. And and we had Elon and
Jensen actually talking about this at
the White House this week in an
interview with Gavin Baker.
&gt;&gt; Mhm.
&gt;&gt; And basically saying for every was it
every one uh gigawatt is 50 to 60
billion dollars of GDP expansion.
&gt;&gt; Right. They were doing some real time
math I think. Right.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
And if you map that out for the amount
of compute that just SpaceX wants to put
in the world, SpaceX could be adding uh
could essentially double the the GDP
growth rate itself just in a couple
years.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; Which is astonishing. And of course,
it's not just SpaceX that's doing this.
It's making this investment. There's a
whole host of other companies.
So, it's an interesting time. I think we
need some need some new economic tools
and ways of measuring this. And I'm not
sure that the economics profession is
yet up to the task.
&gt;&gt; We are um like most things, we're we've
got sort of a
rearview mirror approach to how we think
about it.
&gt;&gt; I mean, why are we thinking about labor
the way we think about labor? Like why
do we even think of it that way?
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Um
it really doesn't come out of I mean
labor as a a white collar activity is
not really how we it's really that's
always been on productivity basis on um
sort of how many widgets can a person
make or do something like that right
kind of a blueco collar approach you
know as as you were going through this I
was thinking about a lot of the stuff
that I was doing with data
unlocking the the the [clears throat]
hidden I don't know hidden reality that
can be exposed through data work that I
did at Rivian which is similar to the
work that many people do at Tesla
gathering enormous data values off of
the vehicles and then you're thinking
about you build this capability into a
system that then can
be used in many different ways and can
expand
uh I mean it just you can run through
every single one of your your points
here and think of that in terms of of um
you know the power of data without
without some capability of say SI or AI
on top of it. I'm just keeping that
completely separate. I'm just saying and
as we thought about that problem how we
continuously thought about well if we
could unlock the data through these
dimensional aspects meaning um you know
find the needle in the hay stack
um
and it was always about like how did you
settle that data in a system in a data
system such that it can be
um properly accessed mined
um
all of a sudden there's these value
points that come out of it that aren't
what people had thought about in the
past. You know, most people's mapping to
that is I noticed that when when I had
that job, people would come to me and
say, can we do this? And most of the
could we do this were sort of old school
automotive lens into the problem. And I
was thinking well why don't we think of
it completely different why don't we
think about what what capability does
extend what are the new capabilities
that suddenly we have available to us
you know um
what what what does what does the fleet
as a whole for the first time give us an
opportunity to look at as opposed to uh
thinking that as a singular vehicle and
reliability standard and and anyway AI
kind of explo explodes this further
because in a way it is the ultimate
mass filter through that data.
It can operate on
data more you know at greater scale with
greater relationship
uh analysis than than humans by far. Um
it's interesting. I just kept thinking
the whole time,
&gt;&gt; yeah,
&gt;&gt; this all goes back to data.
&gt;&gt; Let's apply the FSD lens to this real
quick, right? So, let's apply this
capture framework to FSD. So,
capability, well, FSD has been improving
capability,
right? What can it do? It's just been
getting better and better.
&gt;&gt; Mhm.
&gt;&gt; Adoption. Well, adoption has been
picking up. It's become now a demand
driver for selling Tesla vehicles.
That's clear.
How much productivity? How much cheaper
or faster does it make existing work?
Well, it makes driving a lot a lot
easier.
&gt;&gt; Mhm.
&gt;&gt; Right. So, massive productivity
enhancement from that standpoint. Now,
what do people choose to do with their
time? It might be more leisure time, but
still there's value in that.
&gt;&gt; Oh, of course.
&gt;&gt; Right. There's there's value in arriving
home, not having a white knuckle
experience, driving in traffic,
&gt;&gt; not being stressed.
&gt;&gt; That's right. that doesn't get captured
necessarily in GDP numbers, but there's
value in that and and humans do value
that task expansion. Are you more likely
to drive
um you know more?
Yes, if it's easier, yes, you might you
might take that trip that you wouldn't
have otherwise taken because an hour
driving across town on rush hour doesn't
sound appealing. But if FSD is doing the
work, then maybe you do it,
&gt;&gt; right? [clears throat] Also, we get task
expansion because uh it's driven down
the cost of transport. So, right now
we've got we're talking about robo taxi.
Um more people are going to take rides
because it's just that much cheaper.
&gt;&gt; Right.
&gt;&gt; Okay. Now, we get into utilization
realization where how much of FSD
capability do we actually use? Well, as
a society right now, very little.
Right? So there's the potential in that
in that U part of the equation to
massively increase that over time. And
then of course realization, how much of
the theoretical gain becomes economic
output, right? That's the last thing
that shows up.
Um and then of course enhancement. How
much better does the resulting output
become? Well, FSD has a huge opportunity
there. So you can just see with one
thing FSD how this could impact the
economy in a massive way.
Um but we're just really at the the
capability adoption and productivity
[clears throat] part of the equation.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Especially when we add it onto
trucking, right? Tesla.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; I mean,
&gt;&gt; and then just
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; It's it becomes quite obvious, you know,
it's like
&gt;&gt; all of a sudden you can move more goods
between point A and point B with, you
know, more safety, less Yeah. I mean,
there's so much that happens. And then
think about this for a second about when
Optimus comes along applying that this
equation to that.
&gt;&gt; Now we can load more goods and unload
more goods.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Yeah. Anyway, we'll move on now.
[laughter]
&gt;&gt; Yeah. And speaking of moving more goods,
we can also move them uh vertically in a
way that we never could before. And uh
this past week we had Starship 14
successful launch. And by the way, Phil,
I don't know if you realize it, but but
you and I were there where he had a
front row seat always. According to
Grock, uh, Starship doesn't need a
booster.
So, uh, SpaceX looks like could just
delete that. Grock is telling us that
they can just launch.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, delete, delete,
&gt;&gt; delete, delete, delete.
&gt;&gt; We should let them know that that Grock
thinks that they're making a mistake by
including the booster. Yeah, there
SpaceX X AIS division has
some uh opinion here, huh?
&gt;&gt; Yes, just imagine the amount of money
that would save if you just delete the
booster.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, maybe maybe in the future. Um, but
exciting. We had the first uh orbital uh
Starship.
And what was cool about this is what it
took like all of like 19 seconds
to take it from where it was and into
orbit.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. I mean it was it was always that
close.
&gt;&gt; And the um effective reason for not
doing it earlier is it just one word
over and over again safety in the
mission.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. And then uh even more exciting uh
they deployed uh 26 Starlink V3
satellites
and that deployment of that took about
30 minutes and I captured uh some uh of
the images from the video. So here is
one of the Starlinks coming out of the
PEZ dispenser.
At this point they've oriented the
Starship kind of vertically so to speak
above the Earth
&gt;&gt; as it's kind of standing on its end. uh
one way to think about it and I think
these shots of uh the Starlinks coming
out as the Starship is going around the
Earth at 26,000 km per hour. These
things just kind of gently floating out.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; Um and there's another another angle
here with the Earth below. Uh and then
uh well here's here's your post, Philly.
Maybe if you want to just share your
thoughts about it here. Well, let's um
let's take a pause and realize that this
is the first revenue generating
flight of Starship.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; And um it's a very very important moment
even though like we said it could have
happened in the last flight or the
flight before
&gt;&gt; almost immaterial. I mean, if you
recall,
uh, the Pez dispenser in the last two
flights ejected.
Um, and first it was mass similar
objects to
then there was one or two operational
ones that were ejected. This time 26
Starlink V3
satellites ejected. And now, um, I guess
by all by all measures, they're part of
the network today. Um, adding a massive
massive capability [sighs] and I think
what we're going to see is
V3 the Star Star Link V3 satellites
become the workhorse and uh you know
they will you know each each one is a
massive expansion on the V2 minis um I
forget the exact numbers but it's in the
in in an order of magnitude I believe
it's about an order of magnitude more
bandwidth capability
Um,
these are massive satellites. These are
heavy satellites. Um,
I don't know if they're the heaviest
satellite, but they're damn close.
Um,
they aren't yet the most power consuming
satellite that that will go to the AI
AI1 satellite, you know, by far. I mean
that'd be a
I don't know you know 150 to 250
kilowatt satellite but um but what's
really important here and the thing that
I I wanted to talk about is what's
happening like this is more than I think
you know the sort of I like to say the
word pedestrian the pedestrian point of
view here is they're adding more
bandwidth to Starlink but I think it
pointing out that this whole thing is
changing and um and it's changing to
uh you know I wrote this article we
discussed it on that Elon had predicted
that you know 90 over 90% of IP traffic
would be captured by the Starlink
network at some future point and I'm not
going to put time on it he can put time
on it if he wants it's fine but um you
know it's called 5 to 10 years
and the reason that's true is that we
have massive massive bandwidth increase
here. Now let's let's let's break that
down a little bit. Each of these
satellites has two forms of
communication. They have an RF side,
radio frequency side, which is what we
would say is the thing that communicates
to our Starlink terminals. That's an um
that's using a radio frequency band,
beam forming, etc., etc.
And then um and there's there's two
halves of that. There's the piece of
bandwidth that's dedicated. It's talked
about 1.16 terabytes
um of uh you know about one terabyte
down and 160 up. And by the way, that is
skewed
on purpose. Like in other words, that's
balanced in a way that respects the
reality that most data is going down.
you're you're you're consuming more than
you're pushing. I mean, that may not
true in like us podcasts where we're
doing this kind of real time and our
data is going up and back, but um but
it's true of most things. Um
so there's a good portion of this RF
bandwidth that is dedicated
to the actual use model, which is the
the terminals themselves. And then
there's a whole piece of this that's the
um and I think in the the next uh piece
of this post I I quantified it is where
we talk about the amount of RF that's
used for back haul to the gateways the
the groundbased
uh stations that that route that traffic
to um terrestrial points to you know
like servers on planet earth. So in
other words, if you're on Starlink and
you're making a request to a website,
you're using part of that bandwidth
uh the consumer portion of that
bandwidth, the the ter, you know, 1.6
terab second, the 160 up. Then you're
being um pushed that data is being
pushed back down onto planet Earth with
the back haul uh to get to these
gateways that push it out to the
internet. And then, you know, you're
round tripping backwards. you're going,
you know, up like that. It's like four
hops.
&gt;&gt; Yep.
&gt;&gt; But what I think people forget is that
the biggest part of this bandwidth is
actually the um optical inner satellite
links, the ISLs. It's actually there's
more bandwidth here. There's 2.4
terabits per second. Uh and this has
been greatly greatly expanded on the V3
satellites. There's six 400 Gbit per
second space lasers on each satellite.
And what that means effectively is that
the desire the desire of Starlink uh the
most economically efficient the most etc
etc is to keep the data in the network
itself. So
&gt;&gt; part of this is done out of necessity.
Why do we have the ISLs in the first
place? Well, um, as these satellites are
running their orbits,
um, ground stations aren't always
approximately near the satellite you're
communicating with. So, if you're
&gt;&gt; communicating with a satellite
&gt;&gt; and you're in the South Pacific, there
may be no ground station very close to
you at all. I mean, where is it? It may
be in Sacramento. How does it get from
the South Pacific to Sacramento? Well,
it hops over a couple different
satellites with these ISLs.
So that that they're using the ISL's as
a massive uh back hole itself to move
the data and and that's why it's it's so
capable. Um you really can't do the ISL
through the atmosphere to the device. So
in other words, that's why RF goes to
the device. Um but the ISL works really
well in space and in a sense it's sort
of like
fiber without the physical fiber. You
know it's very very capable high
bandwidth extremely low latency link
between satellites.
So again the desire for
SpaceX is to attempt to keep the traffic
inside the network itself. Would you
also say that there are certain
situations like the this the Pacific
example you gave, there's no ground
station nearby. Even without that, is
this just a more efficient way of doing
it?
&gt;&gt; Yeah, certainly. Yeah, I mean it's um
it gets I mean it they they control that
that routing fabric when it's within
within their own system. Um so certainly
&gt;&gt; it doesn't tax the system very much to
route on the ISLs.
&gt;&gt; So there's real bandwidth consumed to
move that out to peering points on the
internet and then you know uh move the
data out onto networks that they don't
control. So there's an efficiency and a
control aspect. But what I was going to
say is part of this is the desire but
part of it is an outcome. And what I
mean by outcome is this and this is the
kind of big picture thing.
As more and more compute moves well as
Star Mine is developed as more and more
compute gets pushed into space and as
Elon has said it will be a rounding
error what's left on planet Earth at
that point.
&gt;&gt; You know 99 something% of all compute
will be in space.
Then suddenly all of the routing is done
from I mean there'll be circumstances
situations plenty of them and we can you
know enumerate some but let me just give
you an example imagine that you're
flying on United plane and you want to
contact an AI to do some work on your
behalf if you're using um Grockbot to do
some work on your behalf. Well, okay. On
United, you're egressing over Wi-Fi to
the United point. At that point, you're
using Starlink
as a sort of the user terminal
&gt;&gt; to a Starlink satellite. That AI is
being computed in Star Mind. Star Mind
is the compute fabric for that. The
information runs there agentically.
um it comes back and is routed back to
that united plane and into your hands or
into someone else's hands depending on
how you look at it. But in that case,
it's all insular. It's all within the
network itself. It's never left the
network. The compute is part of the
network. And I think that's the thing
that's really going to change here. Um,
I mean, today you see like this week,
uh, we heard from the AT&amp;T CEO and he
had things to say about how he's the
true disruptor
and but the problem is the way he's
analyzing it is is he's analyzing the
entire universe as the static set of how
we do compute today. um in that the user
nodes to him are nothing more than cell
phones and he thinks that that
persists for the foreseeable future. In
some ways it does clearly and that the
targets are um web servers around the
world that are serving up information
um and of course being backhauled over
fiber
that's uh you know well buried in the
ground
&gt;&gt; or undersea cables you know and that's a
very nice way of thinking about it but
it is a today or rearview mirror way of
looking at how the future doesn't look
like that the future looks like a a
circumstance where compute is kept
within the entire fabric itself and that
the compute side and the network side
become sort of inseparable.
they just become one fabric. And I think
that's the thing that Starlink plus Star
Mind all of a sudden offer. Um, and why
90% of the traffic will be on Starlink
in some future point makes complete
sense because the target is mostly the
compute
&gt;&gt; and the compute is there. In other
words, Star Mind's connection to the
rest of the world is purely based on the
ISLs. Star mind itself, a Star Mine
satellite, an AI1 satellite will be
connected to planet Earth via Star Link.
And how will it be connected? Through an
ISL link.
&gt;&gt; Mhm. Um,
so if you think about it, if you think
if you translate it into not so much
network bytes but compute, then you
start to realize where where the network
lives and it lives completely in space.
And then you know of course in that
article I wrote about how you justify
this further like how you how you
justify Eli's claim about 90% of
internet
then all you have to do is start to add
humanoid robots to the fabric and you
realize my god um these robots including
the ones with four wheels let's not
forget about
&gt;&gt; you know transportation as a service
through through um robo taxi cybercab
being on the internet
through um you know through Starlink on
a continuous basis and and of course
when I say that I I I should point out
that I'm not making a distinction here
between
Starlink native data
and 5G data because
Starlink itself is attempting to produce
um you know the ultimate cell tower in
the sky and operate natively over 5G as
well.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
So add all that up and where do you come
out? Uh you come out in a place that
um you add Starlink and Star Mind and
they become inseparable
uh network and compute and you realize
that most of what we do especially as we
lean forward into this whole world of SI
it's pretty clear that um Starlink
easily hits its target of 90% of IP. In
fact, it's forming a new internet.
&gt;&gt; And the only way that that would not
happen is if somebody else had a
competing Starlink Starline network.
&gt;&gt; Exactly. And here's the problem. I mean,
the way you get to space is through
Starship.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; So, I mean, there is no
competing at scale yet. In fact, what's
happening is if anything's competing,
it's, you know, competing. They're
competing with Falcon and Falcon will be
retired. Each Starship launch of
increasing the Starlink network will 10x
the bandwidth. In other words, require
at least 10 Falcon 9 launches to
accomplish the same thing.
&gt;&gt; In other words, why not retire Falcon?
Because at this point, Starship is
almost a viable platform. It just hasn't
reached its fully reusability yet.
&gt;&gt; Even Starship at at less than maximum
capacity of those 26 uh V3 satellites
that went up
&gt;&gt; is is less than half of the capacity of
Starship apparently that could probably
carry 60,
&gt;&gt; right?
&gt;&gt; Uh even at that level and even with
Starship being non-reusable, it's still
more economical than using Falcon 9.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Yeah. I think there's there's math
that supports that. Um certainly um
certainly Starship itself is not
required to make it economically viable.
I think reusability on on the booster is
but but you know irrespective of that
the the point being made here is that it
makes it very difficult. There's such a
moat being built here by SpaceX. It's
almost um I don't know it's a moat it's
the moat around a moat. I mean you you
you have a circumstance where
space is the destination the only way to
get to that destination is Starship
specifically Starship right I mean
&gt;&gt; today Falcon I mean it's like
&gt;&gt; it's nice that we are uh we uh I
shouldn't say we but SpaceX is offering
launch services and you know there's
some this and that and I mean most of if
if Amazon does its job with its uh you
know its uh I what's its what's its um
what's its Starlink equivalent called? I
can't remember. Is that Project Kyper?
&gt;&gt; I mean, it's got to go through SpaceX to
get there
&gt;&gt; and therefore, you know, marginal cost
is higher for it. So, so at the end of
the day, you know, this is really
controlled by SpaceX. And it's not just
the network, it's the compute fabric. We
we we we can't separate the two. We have
to think of compute and network as
combined into something that simply
lives in space. and everything on earth
becomes a rounding error, you know. Um I
mean the point is that there will be a
future moment where it's only the
devices on Earth that are really
accessing compute in space. Meaning that
we're not necessarily routing a
tremendous amount of traffic to data
centers on on Earth because those things
again are a rounding error
&gt;&gt; at some point. We when we we put enough
compute in space, they are a rounding
error. So then therefore the whole
reason for terrestrial
network is just the device
&gt;&gt; and that device will both be things like
our cell phones and
etc etc but it will also be Optimus.
&gt;&gt; Yep.
&gt;&gt; Um
so
that's the world we're approaching here.
One question for you. Does the six uh
space lasers on a Starlink satellite
allow it to communicate with six other
satellites at the same time? Is that how
you think about that?
&gt;&gt; Yeah, there's um there's some different
ways that they talk about it. They talk
about it basically um
inter and intra and what they mean by
that is that that there are
um means to talk to satellites. Remember
[clears throat] these starling
satellites tend to to work in a kind of
orbital series. They're they're kind of
aligned. You see them in the sky that
way.
&gt;&gt; And the idea is that that's sort of like
the peers, right? you're talking to your
peers, the ones that are and then there
are ones that are further away from you
sort of um think of it as these are your
brothers and sisters and over here are
your cousins um and so forth. And so uh
in the family uh those those links I
think are able to be malleable in the
sense that I think that they can really
do anything that is necessary. I don't
think like they're confined. I don't
know the answer to that specifically,
&gt;&gt; but remember some of those will be
talking uh they'll be directed
effectively. They're directed u directed
to star mine satellites which will be in
slightly different
&gt;&gt; orbits um more of the sunb belt orbit
for the purpose of
&gt;&gt; because they're they're power hungry.
And by the way, that doesn't mean that,
you know, there isn't a hybrid model
here where a
com, you know, the Starlink satellites,
think of them as comm satellites and
star mine satellites as compute
satellites. Obviously, you can build a
hybrid as well. You can build something
that does both. Um,
&gt;&gt; but the ISL is the key here. And I think
it's the it's the hidden thing. We don't
see it. Um, obviously we don't see it,
but it's the key here to really building
this uh really effective mesh network.
It's a little, you know, it's a when you
think about today, I mean, let's take a
walk
with a packet and pretend it's like
walking um let's think it's think of
it's like um
moving a car between. So, so let's say
that I'm in San Jose and I want to get
to Boston and I go into my Tesla and I
put, you know, Harvard Square.
And
what's going to happen is the navigation
system's going to think for 1 to 10
seconds and it's going to come up with a
route. And the way that route's going to
work is the first portion of that route
are all going to be feeder roads. And
those feeder roads are going to run
eventually to exposed in my neck of the
woods would be uh Interstate 80 and it
will bring bring me mostly across the
country and then I don't know where I'll
be jumping off to some north south
interstates
uh eventually on to probably 95 and I'll
get get to Boston and then I'm pushed
out onto feeder roads again.
&gt;&gt; Y
&gt;&gt; that isn't much different than the way
effectively the internet looks. Um
you've got small feeder links from the
end nodes
uh that run to the large connection
points and then do their massive back
hauls or runs over the so-called
interstate which is fiber.
&gt;&gt; Mhm.
&gt;&gt; Uh you know cross country or
uh cross ocean fiber.
Um and um and the only difference
between to keep this analogy going, you
know, the only real difference between
the two is that you know navigation in a
car is pretty much decided,
you know, the all the route is decided
uh at the at the routing moment. Uh with
the internet, it's sort of the packet
reaches a router and the router makes a
decision as to where to place it next.
&gt;&gt; You have that with the car a little bit
as well. If if traffic patterns change
along the way and there's a roadblock
ahead.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; And and and by the way, you can switch
that the other way as well. You can say
that
&gt;&gt; uh some there are there are some systems
that do pre pre-planning of routes and
and Star Starlink itself may do a lot of
that within its own mesh. But but it's
better to think of of Starlink more as a
mesh than um and and a mesh uh network
in this case allows more it's like all
the highways sort of have equal weight.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; You know and and that allows traffic
decisions. It allows the the the
intelligence in the routing layer is
then more important because it's not
just oh get it on get it on interstate
80 and we're done. You know, it's it's
more like which ISL
um where do I need to go next? How do I
get to the right ground station? Do I
even need to go to a ground station?
Because like we were talking a moment
ago, the key is to avoid getting that
data back to Earth, you know? Keep it
above her as long as you can.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Keep it keep it keep it in network
as long as you can. It's a very powerful
type of thing and I think it develops
its own kind of um you know we we would
we we should better term it a mesh
network and think of it that way
&gt;&gt; and think of that the star mind nodes
just add to the mesh almost without
&gt;&gt; I mean doesn't mean even Starmind itself
could do ISL routing across great
distances if necessary. I think they can
just achieve that as they can just apply
that as ne as as as necessary based on
data load. So it's a very very um it's a
more symmetric model than the way the
internet is constructed
&gt;&gt; and is the reason for that is because a
little extra distance
in space doesn't really cost you much as
far as time is.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. It's sort of like think of it as
the back hole is fiber running. I don't
know. So I mean I think the speed of
light travels at about it's about 70%
you achieve the speed of light it's
about 70% on a maybe a little better
better on a on a optical fiber I mean
you certainly get that over these ISLs
you wouldn't get them through
atmospheric type of thing but in space
where they're really there's nothing to
um impede the signal the optical signal
you get um extremely fast and and and
the key you know again we always have to
come back to these two terms terms when
we think about networks bandwidth and
latency both are so so important. You
can't have
&gt;&gt; you can't achieve greatness through just
having high bandwidth and you can't
achieve greatness by just having low
latency. you need to combine the two and
uh like for example if we're on a United
plane today and we're using we're not
using Starlink and we have Vioat you
measure it say with my net P tool or
something you'll see that you have very
limited bandwidth like maybe at best 20
megabits per second down two to five up
best case scenario um but you'll
approach 700
milliseconds of roundtrip latency
which is a killer. I mean that makes it
makes it feel I mean think of it as like
a river. Bandwidth is sort of the width
of the river and latency is sort of the
flow.
&gt;&gt; Yep.
&gt;&gt; You know so uh you want to move a lot of
water you have to have width and flow.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; If you had very little flow but a very
wide river it wouldn't very have a lot
of material impact to to moving the
water. You know, when you when you apply
Starlink on a United flight, you get 100
to potentially 200 megabits per second
down link, 20 to 30 megabits per second
uplink, and you get latencies that are
less than 40 milliseconds. So, compare
the two. There is no comparison. There's
literally no comparison.
&gt;&gt; It's better in both metrics.
&gt;&gt; Poor delta.
We'll come we'll come to them in a
second. U just before we leave the AT&amp;T
CEO is a simple analogy to think about
what the mistake he's making is sort of
saying well you know we're in a world
where people watch movies in theaters
and I'm not worried about that because I
own the theater network and people are
always going to watch movies in
theaters. And you know what? That's
correct.
&gt;&gt; But what we also did in addition to
having movie theaters, we probably have
just as many movie theaters today as we
ever have, but in addition to that, we
now have Netflix,
&gt;&gt; right?
&gt;&gt; And more movies are being watched via
that than in movie theaters. Is that is
that a good analogy for the mistake that
the CEO of AT&amp;T is making?
&gt;&gt; Yeah, he's just defending the status quo
of which he holds most of the purchase
on. I mean, that's that's what I guess I
would do if that's what was, you know,
that's the bullets I had in my gun. I
don't know. Um, I love how he claims
he's the he's the true disruptor. I
think that is a bit laughable.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; I mean, you know, it'd be fine if he
said most of the traffic is on my
network and will stay on my network. And
to use your movie theater analogy, um,
the bodies come to me.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; They don't sit at home and stream. But,
uh, that's not how the future the future
will not look bright for him. Uh, he
just doesn't know it yet. Or he does
know it and he just needs to say what he
needs to say for his shareholders and so
forth.
&gt;&gt; Probably the latter.
&gt;&gt; Yep.
&gt;&gt; Probably the latter. Yeah.
&gt;&gt; Okay. Speaking of bright, this is uh
some shots from the uh flight 14
launched and this is at the very end of
the broadcast. A lot of people might
have missed this because they might have
tuned off before this happened, but they
showed some images of uh from Starlink
looking back at the ship as it's coming
out of the PEZ dispenser. You can see
the slit there in the in the ship where
this Starlink has exited. And as we go
along, it just sort of moves away from
the ship. The ship uh you know uh heads
out in the distance there. And then
there's a moment here where you can see
uh another Starlink coming out of the
Pez dispenser. you can just see it
starting to appear there. Um, you also
you get this beautiful warping of the
ship because of the the fisheye lens
that's being used
&gt;&gt; uh to capture this wider scene.
&gt;&gt; Um, I guess physics in space is a little
different than on Earth, I guess. Huh.
&gt;&gt; Um, but here you can see the shadow then
of the the other Starlink coming out on
the on the ship. So, you can see it
shadow.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; Um, and then here you can see it kind of
just a little bit above the PEZ
dispenser. But I thought those those
shots were pretty pretty cool as it was
moving away from the ship. And then this
is one that the SpaceX uh account itself
shared uh later where it looks like
there's uh you know one Starlink here
where the camera is and then you can see
sort of three more behind it.
&gt;&gt; Three and Starship.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. And Starship.
&gt;&gt; Mhm.
&gt;&gt; And you noticed something interesting
about this photo that you mentioned to
me.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. They have what [snorts] seems to
be ordinary zip ties holding those
cables on the satellite. [laughter]
&gt;&gt; Yeah, zip tie is a good thing, right?
&gt;&gt; Um, yeah. I mean, this is this is
extraordinary. The irony should not be
lost that the whole reason we're getting
this view is Starlink. like you know the
fact that it's a Star Link satellite is
immaterial to the fact that it's
equipped with now I actually don't know
what's really happening here because um
I don't think it's
any of the ondevice
Starlink capabilities of the satellite
are not yet active so I think
&gt;&gt; this I'm not sure but I think we have a
Starlink terminal attached to this
device that is acting sort of as like a
Starlink mini. Um yes
&gt;&gt; because I don't don't think it's turned
on uh the cameras are immaterial to this
argument. It's sort of like what is the
actual calm that is occurring here. But
if you just zoom out and forget about
the that detail
and the irony of it, I suppose um it's
extraordinary to see perhaps for the
first time, you know, something that's
being deployed able to look back and see
uh what deployed it. [laughter]
&gt;&gt; I don't think we I [clears throat] don't
think we've ever seen anything like this
in any other space mission, no matter
what it is. maybe ex with the exception
of ISS docking.
Where have we seen um video feeds at
such resolution?
&gt;&gt; Um it's phenomenal.
&gt;&gt; It it it it truly is. It truly is
phenomenal. It's crazy.
&gt;&gt; The starship in this image looks like
the toy that's over my shoulder behind
me. I know. I And then there's a claim
that this is not AI and I don't think
they would have put out a photo of his
AI. It makes no sense.
&gt;&gt; Um it just happens to look this way. It
looks kind of like a toy in space.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. What's throwing me off a little
bit is just the orientation of these
other starships. They appear to be
tilted.
&gt;&gt; Um but I I don't know. Um
&gt;&gt; this did come from the SpaceX account
itself. So I think this is a reliable
image
&gt;&gt; since that we're trying to make sense of
it.
Uh, the other thing I think the solution
to your your comm's question about what
they used to get this image back,
clearly it was the AT&amp;T network.
[laughter]
&gt;&gt; Indeed.
&gt;&gt; Clearly not. All right. Well, speaking
of which, uh, moving on to some of our
favorite airlines.
&gt;&gt; Uh, Elon says that both United and
American Air have Starlink.
&gt;&gt; Um, he shared that this October 1st. And
then, uh, this was funny from Viv. Uh,
not a phone in sight, just people living
in the moment
&gt;&gt; on Delta. You had some thoughts about
this, Phil?
&gt;&gt; Yeah. I don't know why these guys dig
these holes, but they they're good at
it. I guess um
politics is a powerful thing, you know.
It's a very powerful thing. It makes
people think certain ways. I mean, I see
people all around the Bay Area. Um, I
bought this before Elon went crazy. Can
you imagine
like your mental model of the world
through which you would buy something
from a company
then feel the need to virtue signal by
putting such a bumper sticker? I mean
just stop. Just stop already. I mean
putting that on a car. I look I I
usually look in the car and I'm like
what's going on with that person? I
don't really want to. So our Delta our
famous what's his name? Ed Edward
Bastian B can't remember his name
&gt;&gt; something like that. Yep.
&gt;&gt; Uh he um I guess he was uh famously
caught on mic through at some kind of
company meeting. Is it speaking
negatively about his political nemesis
uh Elon Musk and suggesting that Elon
Musk is everything we thought he was? By
the way, I also think that Elon is
everything I thought he was.
&gt;&gt; Yes, just saying. But um but I think we
have very different views of the guy and
uh so he doesn't want to put Starlink on
his planes and and and my claim is
Starlink's going on Delta just not as
quickly as United and American and
Southwest and Frontier and
can I keep going except I won't mention
Ryionaire and then he joins the camp of
what I call Starlink dels you know prime
minister of Canada himself CEO of
Ryanire
Um, and they they feel they sound like
crazy people, don't they? To to to to
ordinary business people.
&gt;&gt; I mean, except if you if you're aligned
with their politics, I suppose that you
you can you can go this way. But I'll
tell you one thing, independent of your
politics, you sure would like to consume
your um political gossip and sore on a
Starlink connection on a Delta plane
versus a Viasat connection. I'll tell
you that much.
&gt;&gt; Well, that's right. [snorts] That's
right. Yeah.
&gt;&gt; I mean, it's clear to me that seems
really silly. It seems like it's a
unforced error. It's a self-inflicted
wound.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. And it and my point is it doesn't
last forever. Uh either because the CEO
doesn't last forever or because he he
has to now he has to dig himself out of
a hole he created. Um or they just bury
him in the hole he created. I don't know
or care. Um but I guarantee this Delta
will have Starlink because Starlink will
be the thing that expectations are high.
Um, you know, we've gotten to a place
where
I'd say most people that enter uh, you
know, they they if you if you walk into
an Airbnb,
Wi-Fi is as high on your list as the
running water or the heating and
cooling. I mean,
&gt;&gt; you would have a fit if there was no
Wi-Fi. Yeah.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Or or no, you know, or you didn't
have general internet access. So it's
become a
&gt;&gt; effectively
&gt;&gt; a utility that you have high
expectations of its availability and its
presence.
&gt;&gt; Um and and we're we're we're getting
close to a place you know I don't know
called a year out where we feel
[clears throat]
&gt;&gt; the whole the whole world will change in
the sense that you when you get on a
flight you don't feel like you're in
this void. You know, I made this joke uh
on a previous post where I said um you
know, Delta will offer uh to its new,
you know, the the the new uh so and so
DEL program will offer unlimited
solitire and five five watt charging
through USBA of your devices. I mean,
seriously, you know, how many times have
we gotten on planes in the last 5 years
and we feel so disconnected from the
world? we were like we're in this
isolation chamber for 3 to 5 hours uh or
whatever and uh
&gt;&gt; and we're like oh my god I'm I' I've
lost contact with the world um and I
know that seems like a luxury but it's
not it's not really a luxury it's it's
just sort of like I mean flying is a
luxury at that level I mean so don't you
know
&gt;&gt; well when there's when there's no
alternative it's fine everybody accepted
it
&gt;&gt; right but now that there's alternatives
and people know that on United and
American and other airlines that they
can get it then they're not going to
accept not having it in Delta. You know,
there's a great um comedian Louis Lou CK
has this bit where he's talking about
flying on a plane and um and he's
saying, you know, we are
but of a a bunch of self-indulgent
culture and we and he's making this joke
where they're for the first time rolling
out internet access on a plane like
literally in the early days
&gt;&gt; and that um [clears throat] and that
someone sitting next to him and then
that They they announce that uh you know
sorry for the rest of the flight the
internet's gone out like our trial thing
is you know and the guy next to him says
that's effing man right and
that's part of the joke and and Louis CK
is making this point was like how is it
that you're traveling
across the earth in a chair at you know
uh 500 miles an hour
and something that when you got on the
flight you had no expectation of and now
you have this full expectation of.
&gt;&gt; Y
&gt;&gt; well that's how we are. Uh and I hate I
hate to tell you but
&gt;&gt; you get on a United plane with Starlink
which I did two weeks ago
&gt;&gt; and man I don't ever want to get on
another flight without Starlink.
&gt;&gt; Exactly.
&gt;&gt; I mean I don't ever want to get on
another flight without Starlink.
Unfortunately, I'm going to get on
another United flight without Starlink
because I think only about 40% of the
fleet and and and I think a lot of the
um the local routes and the smaller
planes are equipped in the other some of
the larger planes aren't uh
counterintuitively but irrespective the
point uh is that expectations will run.
[laughter]
You'll expect this.
&gt;&gt; I think that's right. And so more
provocatively then
think about cars.
So, we've all accepted for our entire
lives that cars couldn't drive
themselves.
&gt;&gt; Yep.
&gt;&gt; And now we have a car company that has
cars that drive themselves. And now
we're seeing firsthand that that's a
demand driver. How long do you think
it'll take before buyers of other car
companies, you know, other car brands no
longer accept that those cars don't have
full self-driving capability.
That's going to be an interesting thing
that, you know, maybe forces them to I
mean, initially what people are going to
do is is sell their other cars and buy
Teslas. That that's fine. That's
happening.
&gt;&gt; But that can only happen to some degree
because Tesla can't supply all the cars
in the world.
&gt;&gt; No, that's right.
&gt;&gt; You know, it's Would you buy a car
without air conditioning?
&gt;&gt; No.
&gt;&gt; Um, and maybe more burntly, would you
buy a car without seat belts even though
they're required? Or would you buy a car
without a
&gt;&gt; backup camera? Also required by the way,
but
&gt;&gt; Mhm.
&gt;&gt; I mean, would you buy a car that doesn't
drive itself? I can't imagine that that
persists for more than I mean I I think
the um the catalyzer there is actually
CyberCab specifically.
&gt;&gt; I mean very specifically, not just Robo
Taxi as a complete entity, but Cyber Cab
as the main workhorse and mover, the
little gold car. Once we see that car,
here's a weird word, polluting our uh
cities. I mean like I just mean
everywhere.
&gt;&gt; Populating our cities. Populating.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Populating. Polluting is the wrong
word, but um once we see that everywhere
and we realize that that thing that
looks like an ordinary car, you know, I
mean, like that's the thing about it is
um uh having been in uh downtown San
Francisco several times this week, uh
maybe the word polluting is correct. I
saw a lot of Whimos. They
&gt;&gt; Whimos pollute. Yeah,
&gt;&gt; the way seem like they pollute and and
and why. Um, one, they look like a a
science project clearly. Uh, they are so
awful looking.
&gt;&gt; Um, I don't know who would get in one. I
mean, I obviously people get in them
because they know what they are and they
might like them better than Ubers or
lifts, but um, but the reality is they
look like science projects.
And, um, how do I say it?
They don't have
balls. I mean, they they they don't
drive very well. Uh they drive safely.
That's an important [clears throat]
thing. And I mean, I think for most
their their safety record is really
pretty good these days,
&gt;&gt; but they are um
&gt;&gt; they're pretty slow. They don't make
good decisions about at I was stuck
behind Whimo for
at least five minutes or more trying to
make an unprotected left-hand turn into
traffic. It just it wouldn't do it. And
um guess how I got unstuck? I drove my
Tesla around it.
&gt;&gt; Uh now my Tesla didn't want to drive on
FSD around it itself. It just sat behind
it. But but um the Tesla would have made
a better more aggressive and correct
decision to get out of that out of that
situation. So cyber cab I think will be
the catalyzing element will make
everyone realize that cars actually do
drive themselves. I think few people are
aware of it as much as we are aware of
it and use it every day. I mean we're
living in the future.
&gt;&gt; We're living in the future. my I went
back and forth to the city five or six
times in the last week
and two things are true. One, the car
drove me almost everywhere except the
parking garage. That's literally the
only place that I did the driving. And
secondly, my entire network was
Starlink. I have Starlink in the car.
I'm living in the future. My god. And
it's not a difficult future to live in.
That's the other thing about it. It's
it's it's uh it's not like I'm, you
know, it's like they always say, "Oh,
you're the early adopter. You're living
on the bleeding edge. You have arrows in
your back, you know, uh uh because
you're you're out there." I don't feel
that way that I feel like the car is
offering me a safer ride, um a much more
convenient ride, much more comfortable
ride. I don't want to drive. I mean,
it's it's functional driving. It's not
like I'm enjoying the drive. Um, in
fact, I enjoyed the drive more with FSD
doing doing the doing the work.
&gt;&gt; So
soon, I guess, CERN, I don't know,
&gt;&gt; pretty darn soon. I mean,
&gt;&gt; pretty darn soon.
&gt;&gt; That's going to be interesting to see
that when those companies start to feel,
you know, an exodus of some of their,
you know, favorite customers, I suppose.
&gt;&gt; I don't know. It's just weird. I I I
feel like I'm around other cars out
there and I see people still driving
their cars and I'm like, do they know
what's coming?
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; And by the way, they The point is it
doesn't it doesn't take long for them to
understand it,
&gt;&gt; right?
&gt;&gt; Not talking about we're not talking
about people that are stupid. We're just
talking pe people are simply uninformed.
They're not knowledgeable of this future
state. They don't think it exists. they
they've heard about it, but it doesn't
feel like it's really at
&gt;&gt; um if anything, they've heard about it
because they see Whimos if you're if
you're being somewhat direct about it. I
don't think most people would know that
the Tesla next to them drives itself. In
fact, I think a lot of Tesla drivers I
see an awful lot of Tesla drivers
driving themselves. I wonder why they're
doing that.
&gt;&gt; Um maybe they're willing to save a 100
bucks a month because they're willing to
drive themselves. I don't know. I've
seen some videos lately of some Tesla
drivers who have discovered FSD recently
&gt;&gt; and are now extolling the virtues of
that on social media, but their comments
were that they
&gt;&gt; they were aware the car could self
drive. They just didn't understand or
appreciate what that meant for them.
&gt;&gt; I think we as humans do something crazy.
I mean, we we we need to live the
experience.
&gt;&gt; We we can hear about it. People can tell
us.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; I tell friends and family all the time,
my car drives itself. And I think they
believe me, but they think it's only for
Phil. Like only that could only be true
for Phil. That can't be true for them.
&gt;&gt; Interesting.
&gt;&gt; And I've had that experience where I've
gotten put somebody in my car.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; And I, by the way, when I get in my car
and I start and somebody's in my car, I
I I'm not even talking about FSD
anymore. I'm just just and and I think I
realize that people are looking over and
realizing I'm not even doing anything,
you [laughter] know, like what's what's
going on here?
&gt;&gt; Mhm.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. It'll come fast and furious.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; But I just don't know when. Like it's
slow at first, then all at once.
&gt;&gt; So, the last thing I just wanted to go
through, this is uh sort of a really
neat collection of charts from A16Z. Uh
they call state of the markets. It came
out recently and I just like to take you
through a few of these slides. I think
they've done their own maybe podcast
going through these. I haven't I haven't
had a chance to watch it yet, but if you
want to see more of that um you could
find them. They're talking about you
know tech is the everything cycle. Uh
interesting now tech is uh 55% of of US
capital spending is driven by technology
spending. So uh and that's been the case
you know more than half now for some
time uh which is pretty astonishing when
you think about it.
Um,
&gt;&gt; you know, when when tech is when tech is
everything, how is it
&gt;&gt; that it's not everything? Meaning like
it's a it's a weird word like technology
like what
&gt;&gt; what applies here,
you know, if you're if you're selling a
car with full self-driving
is that did you just sell a piece of
technology or did you sell a car?
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. This is high-tech share of capital
spending. So the question is yeah, how
are you measuring that? Yeah. Mhm.
&gt;&gt; It's a bit bit of a challenge. I suppose
&gt;&gt; the point is it's almost like a
self-obvious thing. It's it's that more
and more of what we do as a society are
technical
um we're engaging technical product
components of things of just general
whatever it is whether it's robotics or
and and so therefore the number gets
bigger because
it is effectively tech.
&gt;&gt; Yes. And then from a company
perspective, uh, greater than 35% of the
global 100 largest companies are tech
companies and they account for greater
than 60% of the global 100 market cap.
So a third of the companies accounting
for twothirds of the the value.
Uh, no no great surprise to any of us
that follow the markets in terms of, you
know, Apple and Nvidia being the largest
companies. Um, interestingly, uh, tech
accounts for nearly half of the profits
in the S&amp;P 500.
Um, so that [clears throat] market cap
is well well warranted. Uh, tech
earnings have grown, uh, about four
times more than non- tech. This is since
I guess 2011.
And you can see in recent years, this is
the middle slide, uh, how pronounced
that is in terms of the growth. It's
it's kind of gone vertical.
uh non- techch growth certainly has gone
up over time but not nearly as much. And
then um in so far this year uh tech has
accounted for 76% of earnings growth. Uh
this is in the S&amp;P 500.
&gt;&gt; Wow.
&gt;&gt; From a margin standpoint.
Uh tech uh earnings are historically
wide. Now this only goes back to 2003. I
don't know what they were during the the
dotcom boom. Too bad the chart doesn't
include that.
Um now we've seen margin expansion in
non tech as well but even even more uh
in in the tech space. And then the final
chart there on the right the profit
margin tech versus the rest. Uh so
profit margin 23% I think for the
technology media and telecom companies
and for the US companies excluding tech
it's around 8%. That's been pretty
stable. Um so lots of charts along these
lines. Um,
we'll skip this one. This one's kind of
interesting. Um, you know, hard to call
it a bubble. So, on the chart on the
left, um, the earnings per share, uh, in
in orange going up and in and green is
the PE ratio and it's been coming down.
This is over the last year. So from
August 2025 to now
&gt;&gt; PE ratio of uh
&gt;&gt; uh S&amp;P 500 gone from about 22 23 times
earnings down to about uh 19 to 20.
&gt;&gt; Certainly not a bubble in the negative
sense of the word.
&gt;&gt; Mhm. That's right. Good point.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. And then the other chart shows uh
tech earnings year-over-year growth
uh seen uh you know from 23% growth up
to 71
&gt;&gt; uh growing off an already high base they
point out.
So that's that's good. Um here's another
way of looking at it here on the chart
on the left. Um so we've got um uh first
of all talk about energy stocks. uh
stocks up 38 12% on earnings per share
growth of 56% and they've had some
multiple compression minus 11. Similar
story with tech uh 22% price return on a
56% earnings growth and then multiple
compression of about 22%. And then we
showed the chart with the whole S&amp;P
earnings up multiples down so the price
isn't up as much.
So that's, you know, that's kind of a
margin of safety, I guess, built in,
right? It's not like the stocks are
outperforming their earnings growth.
&gt;&gt; They've actually underperformed what the
the earnings growth has been. So I
thought that was interesting. Um, and
then they point out here that the rest
of tech, not just the MAG 7, has carried
the year. Uh, so the rest of tech here
is the green line. The Mag 7 is the
blue. So we've had a bit of a broadening
out in terms of tech sector performance.
It's not just the seven largest
companies.
Okay.
Um
I think they'll just skip ahead to these
this chart. Uh hypers scaler capex you
can see the boom there on the left.
Uh so aggregate capital expenditures by
hyperscalers are projected to approach
800 billion this year and exceed one
trillion annually from 2027 onward.
Now, the projections typically have, you
know, this rapid growth and then a
leveling. It'll probably be the case
that it'll continue to grow.
&gt;&gt; Maybe there'll be a bump along the way
at some point, but uh I highly doubt
that it's just going to be flat into the
future.
And then as they point out here that
this uh you know, every compute cycle is
bigger than the previous one.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Yeah. By the way, I love that cuz
we're in a different place here, you
know? I mean like like well I mean some
sort of like running the dots were in
the standard place. Mhm. Standard place
being that this particular cycle is
bigger than the previous bigger than the
previous.
So on the other hand I don't think the
orange is big enough here
&gt;&gt; right
&gt;&gt; relative to what's [clears throat]
coming.
&gt;&gt; I wonder how we will delineate. I don't
know what the AI error will be in its
totality. Meaning I don't know what
where that stretches to. Um
I mean what what is it what each of
these are running certain number of
years? I mean they don't really
like when you know obviously we don't
think about mainframes anymore but how
long did that run?
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; Good question. It's not noted on here.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. It's sort of just approximated I
think. Yeah.
&gt;&gt; And I don't think they're trying to say
that that the orange circle represents
the the full radius of the circle like
Right.
&gt;&gt; But to me it feels like,
you know, um
it feels like we haven't done an order
of magnitude increase, but we've done a
multi-order magnitude increase with with
where we are with AI. Certainly if you
just look at it from a compute
perspective right just compute alone you
think about the kind of compute
from a from either energy measurement or
just tops trillions of operations a
second we are in a different we are we
are in a multi-order magnitude bigger
cycle
&gt;&gt; and it makes sense too particularly as
we move into agentic AI where AI can
consume way more AI than humans can
consume AI. Yeah, I mean that's right.
We have Yes, that we did that supply
demand demand episode a couple whenever
where we showed that we have like two
types of things occurring here. We have
um kind of this I I forget there were
really nice terms in the slide that I
produced. Um but part of it was like we
have this sort of uh increasing use of
AI occurring
and you know it's sort of a a broadening
out of the cycle. Uh in other words in
the beginning of time with say personal
computers only like small number of
people used them. Eventually everybody
had a laptop. um that meant that more
compute was going to occur. But then we
had to look at the the thing itself,
what what what it was computing or is
computing.
&gt;&gt; And with in the case of AI, it's not
that we're just broadening it out to
more and more people. Um now we're
applying it to more and more
things. And um and so agentic use cases
are starting to explode.
These are asynchronous [clears throat]
with respect to people's operating of
the thing itself. So you know suddenly
compute is occurring for an average
individual while they're sleeping. That
didn't happen in the personal compute
error. It didn't happen
in the cloud and mobile error. Uh
that is happening now. And then when we
get into the robotics age of this, the
humanoid robots like Optimus, now we've
got compute with AI compute focused on
agency, like doing stuff. Um,
&gt;&gt; yes.
&gt;&gt; Again, not necessarily in direct order.
Like, you know, today we have a cell
phone in our pocket and when we pick it
up and we're using it, it's being used
and when we're sleeping, it's really not
being used. But that's not true of agent
compute. It's not. And it will certainly
not be true of Optimus. Optimus can do
all sorts of things for us while we're
sleeping.
If doing nothing more than guarding the
house, there's a lot of AI that's
running.
&gt;&gt; Oh yeah.
&gt;&gt; A lot of chips that are being produced,
a lot of chips that are being sold. The
one thing that's hard to see on the
chart, Phil, just at the bottom here. So
in the mainframe error, about a million
units.
In the mini computer era, about 10
million units. In the PC era, about 300
million units.
&gt;&gt; Mhm. in the desktop internet era about a
billion units.
Cloud and mobile 10 billion units and
they've got AI era tens of billions. I
think probably it's hundreds of billions
of units.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; Um if you think about cars, there's 1.5
billion cars in the world right now
roughly. Some estimates up to two
billion. Uh ultimately all those will be
autonomous or vast majority will be over
the long term. And then of course
humanoid robots.
um at least one for every human on the
planet, but even that's not a
limitation. Um there's no reason why we
won't have, you know, 2, three, four,
five times as many robots as people on
the planet. So the numbers, I think, get
pretty staggering here in in the AI era,
if that's what we're going to call it.
&gt;&gt; So cool to think of it as sort of like I
think we'll have to separate it out
between
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; sort of the um
I don't I mean, I don't know what the
terms would be, but I think we're we'll
we'll feel that we'll need to separate
this out a bit.
&gt;&gt; It has to be SI error or something.
Anyway, change that change. This chart
on the left here is kind of interesting
because they're showing uh comparing it
to past capex cycles.
&gt;&gt; So, railroads peaked at about uh 2% of
GDP.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; Uh during what they call the cycle
speculative build phase.
um and so on. The telecom's close to two
um and so on. So, you know,
we're just getting started here. Um and
on the right side, they're showing
hyperscaler capex keeps exceeding
expectations, how that's increased over
time and pretty big, you know, pretty
big step up. Um this is at 1.2 trillion
here at this top line here right now.
This is what the top five uh players
they're talking about then hypers scalar
cash flows as capex are eating cash
flows for now they say so capex is
growing uh the uh operating cash flow in
green has gone up okay but capex has
gone up even more therefore the free
free cash flow basically has gone down
to you know uh less than 10%
&gt;&gt; if not if not zero
&gt;&gt; yeah so not such a bad thing. If you've
got companies that have an opportunity
to invest and to take their free cash
flow down to zero, even below zero for a
period of time, that's perfectly fine as
long as the return on that is, you know,
comes. Yeah. I mean, I think that's a
thing that people often don't they think
of the they think of companies amassing
these large,
you know, the treasury of Apple or
something like that and largely that
money sits there sort of idle and
unused.
Yeah,
&gt;&gt; because Apple doesn't know
how to invest it.
&gt;&gt; I mean, if if what you want to do with
your money is invest it for future
return, you know, putting in the bank
and collecting interest is not exactly
how you want to use your money. I mean,
Apple, you know, it's sort of funny how
we go through these cycles, right? Um on
one month, you you can see it in the
stock price. You look look at Apple and
you go, "Oh, look at this. Look at the
cycle up here. people are like
celebrating Apple's um um somewhat
conservative uh non-capexheavy
spend in the AI universe
&gt;&gt; and ooh look at them, you know, they're
kicking the out of it and they
don't need to spend money. Ooh, they're
leveraging the model. Ooh, that was so
smart. And of course, I'm being a bit
sarcastic because I don't think it's
smart. I think that they could have or
should have or would have uh but didn't
and therefore, you know, there'll be a
lot of people saying, "Well, they're the
tech company and they've seem to use
their cash most effectively and they
still have a lot in the bank." And I'm
like, "Yeah, but why is it there?" you
know, okay, in the in the Cook era, you
know, um he retired a bunch of shares
and bought back a lot of stock and that
was great, but and maybe that's a good
use of capital. I'm not going to make
the argument it's not for but but I'd
sure like to invest in something I had,
you know, eyes on. And I think these
guys putting their money in AI, I think
it's clear and obvious that it will have
a good ROI.
&gt;&gt; Ideally, you want to see companies
invest as much as possible in their
future. That that's the ideal thing
because
&gt;&gt; Exactly. Because if if the whole point
is [clears throat] to make money and
invested in other vehicles to make
money, then that's not really why they
exist as a company. The company has a
reason for existing. they if I'm a
company that builds X, I would
[clears throat] like to see uh that I
can they make a future out of of where I
am um
&gt;&gt; and get and get greater returns.
&gt;&gt; You know, that's that's always my
disappointment about Apple. It's like
you guys should be doing a lot more with
your money than you have. Um,
&gt;&gt; and I look at companies like I look at
the big spends that Tesla's doing today
and I'm like I actually think sometimes
I'm like are they spending enough
relative to their
&gt;&gt; I don't think they are.
&gt;&gt; No.
&gt;&gt; I mean the good news is that
it's going to sound funny. The good news
is that SpaceX seems to be doing the
right thing with its money so to speak.
Um and um and probably Tesla and SpaceX
will be one anyway. So I don't know if
it really matters but what I mean is
here's a simple way of saying it
building terra fab is a really good
thing it will have I mean it's so
obvious here's a thing that you can
control your own destiny in more
vertical integration exactly where it
should be applied exactly where you can
consume it exactly where you can consume
it
&gt;&gt; that's better than printing $100 bills
and by the way it's what you can do as
SpaceX. It's not what your friends down
the street can do. It's not what um you
know, the Pepsi company can do.
So, yeah, I think it's a great use of
capital. You know, I was thinking as you
went through those charts, if we just
built a line in there, imagine if um
who's in the MAG 7. Let's see. It
doesn't include SpaceX, right? It's
&gt;&gt; It does not include SpaceX. Correct.
It's Apple, Microsoft, Meta, Google.
Uh, I'm missing two. Tesla.
&gt;&gt; Uh, yeah. So, Nvidia.
&gt;&gt; Missed one. Uh,
&gt;&gt; Alphabet.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; I guess I missed another one. Um,
&gt;&gt; Microsoft. Amazon.
&gt;&gt; Amazon. Sorry. Amazon. But I but but I
miss But I miss SpaceX. I wonder if we I
wonder if we if we took SpaceX and we
said, "Hey, SpaceX, you know what? Yes,
you can grow into uh three to 500
billion of revenue in 27.
What that would look like if we drew
some lines on all these charts for
SpaceX alone?
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Um I mean the one thing we know
about SpaceX or Tesla and even combining
them is that they get a lot more out of
their capex spend than these other
companies do.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; Uh I did analysis on that earlier this
year on that. Um and that's impressive.
Uh and the other thing too is Elon moves
at a faster pace. So he gets his return
on capex, you know, faster than these
other companies do,
&gt;&gt; right?
&gt;&gt; Um I wrote a post filler uh this week uh
on the announcement that Nvidia uh which
increased its uh buyback authorization.
&gt;&gt; Mhm.
&gt;&gt; To 235 billion. It was it was a $150
billion increase in their share
repurchase program. That doesn't mean
they're going to buy those shares, but
they have authorized up to 235 billion.
Now you could say on a on a market cap
of you know 5 billion or whatever it is
that that's you know not a huge number
but still if you think about what else
might they invest 235 billion in over
time. One of the things that comes to
mind for me is tariff. Right now Nvidia
relies on TSMC
to build its chips. To me there's a
growing consensus that China one day
takes over Taiwan.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Uh, and I don't know that the US
wants to continue to, you know, if they
don't have to defend that. Now, if we
get enough semiconductor manufacturing
in our country, I don't think we're
going to feel compelled to protect
Taiwan anymore like we do now.
And I think there is certainly Elon is
building terap, not for that purpose,
but for his own needs. And so, if I'm
Nvidia, if I'm Jensen, I would look at
this as an opportunity to diversify my
manufacturing risk away from just
Taiwan. TSMC has been an amazing partner
for Nvidia and they will continue to be,
I'm sure,
&gt;&gt; but why not take the opportunity to to
be a part of what Elon is building with
Terafab?
&gt;&gt; That's where their capital should go.
&gt;&gt; I agree with you uh a million%. That is
such a cool place to put your money. I
mean we know that Nvidia in irrespective
of your comment about buyback
authorization blah blah blah blah blah
we know that they spill their money in
many different pursuits that you know in
their ecosystem right to feed their
ecosystem to
&gt;&gt; um
but it seems to me that they don't one
thing it's true about Nvidia is that
they don't control that they're not
vertically integrated in the sense that
they don't create their own chips and
that they're very very they're at risk
if anyone
Jensen should know that given where he
was who he is.
&gt;&gt; Well, that's right. [laughter]
&gt;&gt; That's exactly right.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. And if you think if you think
about, you know, okay, 235 billion, you
could push up the stock price quite a
bit with that if you invested that in
your own stock, right? But with the
market cap right now of 5.6 6 trillion.
Wouldn't it be better to focus on the
long-term
value of a company and protecting that
rather than the near-term, you know,
putting a floor into your stock price?
&gt;&gt; Now, maybe maybe they could do both.
Maybe they're going to make so much
money feel they can do both. I I don't
know.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. I don't know. But, you know, it's
interesting is I think that possibly
part of the reality here I think is a
little bit about like what does Elon
want to build in terapab? And you know
we know that he wants to do logic
memory and packaging full service right
but the logic he's talking about today
of course is his own uh his own chip
design you know but we also know that
Elon's very practical in the sense that
the first AI satellites will be Nvidia
GPUs
uh cuz they really kind of have to be I
mean he's not going to be there he's not
going to get there that quickly uh with
terab production you know, you I don't
know what was the what's the
what was the chip uh the D1 the D3 the
D3
&gt;&gt; series chip
&gt;&gt; that's supposed to be ultimately the
workhorse of the um of the Star Mine
satellites.
&gt;&gt; Well, the first version of those
satellites will be Nvidia chips.
Um is you know the other side of that
coin is Elon willing to make Nvidia
chips? I don't know. Well, also if I'm
Jensen, I would want to sort of ensure
I in ensure against the possibility
that Elon stop using my chips one day.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; Like for now, he's convinced Elon that,
you know, to use his chips and that
makes sense. That's great. That's great
for Nvidia. It's good for Elon because
they're available.
But longer term, you've got to be
worried about,
you know, Terra Fab essentially
replacing what what you're doing. If
Elon's creating an inference chip that
is more suited to his specific needs.
&gt;&gt; Well, I mean, look at it this way. Look
at it this way. If if Elon is correct,
and I actually think he really is. I've
talked about it so many times that 99%
of compute ends up in space and that
terrestrial compute is ultimately a
rounding error.
&gt;&gt; Data centers. I mean, you know, Jensen
made a funny comment the other week. I
don't know what what forum he did. Maybe
it was with that the Baker uh thing is
you said, you know, it's funny we call
them data centers. They're really
they're really, you know, token
factories. They're really comput
&gt;&gt; intelligence factories. Yep.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. I mean, it's so silly we call them
data centers, but a name that stuck from
that previous one of those previous
bubbles on your little slides there, you
know, but um you know, is he um I don't
know. I was thinking that uh it's it's
if Elon is correct that 99% 99.9%
of all computers in space and by the
time that he is correct in saying that
that terapab is online and producing his
chips to feed that beast then Nvidia
chips are a rounding error right
&gt;&gt; definitionally I mean definitionally not
like
&gt;&gt; some other version of that u at some
point terapab will be productive and if
that's let's say it's 5 years and it's
producing
logic chips fully you know fully
packaged
uh product 5 years from today
uh or or six years or seven years I
don't really care doesn't matter um and
then um those chips uh you know 80 90%
of those chips go to space. I mean, Elon
said something like that anyway.
&gt;&gt; Mhm. Uh other the other the real big
consumer of those chips will be Optimus
itself, specifically Optimus as opposed
to robo taxi, even though that will be a
consumer as well. But but um
yeah, that does
oddly put Nvidia in the marginal chip
business at that point.
&gt;&gt; That's right. fantas. I don't know. It
sounds It sounds like, you know, bizarre
to say this, but I think that's the
future that will develop. I think that's
the future that Elon's investing in so
why won't it be true? Um, it's just a
matter of time. It's nothing else to me.
&gt;&gt; Well, again, to go back to my earlier
analogy I use with the AT&amp;T CEO, uh,
I'll use it with Nvidia. Nvidia is in
the movie business, the theater
business. Great business, not going
away.
They control all the theaters in the
world or whatever, however you want to
say that. But Elon is building something
that's going to be in addition to that
that's far larger. If I'm if I'm Jensen,
I want to be involved in that.
And I I do I do think he will. I
actually do think he will. I I actually
also think that TSMC will be involved in
that.
&gt;&gt; And apparently there's discussions.
Elon's confirmed that there's been
discussions.
So if I'm actually every single player
in the market, ASML,
TSMC, you name it, go down the list. I I
want to be talking to Elon about being
involved in Terraab.
&gt;&gt; If you name Terraab Terraab for a
reason, and what is that reason? It's
supposed to produce an annualized basis
one terowatt of compute. Um, today name
plate compute across the planet is in
the 30, I don't know, round it up to 50
gigawatts if you want. it doesn't really
even matter at this point. Um,
&gt;&gt; and let's say he does produce one
terowatt. Uh, that's a bigger number,
you know, that's a really bigger number.
So, um, either it doesn't materialize
because, um, the demand doesn't
materialize, which means everyone's in
trouble.
&gt;&gt; Mhm.
&gt;&gt; Uh,
or it does and then, you know, and then
we know where it has we know where it
has to be. It's like everything leads to
the same place. Everything leads to
space because we need the power. You
know, the power is really the
constraint. It won't be production at
that point. You know, assuming that
terrafab comes online, even if it comes
online in in phases
um you know, pods, however they arrange
it internally,
&gt;&gt; um you know, let's say that phase one it
produces uh 50 gawatts of annualized
compute. I don't think it's going to do
less than that. It's built for scale.
So that would be equal to the amount of
compute deployed
not even but much greater than sorry
&gt;&gt; I think five times more
&gt;&gt; name plate today is compute across
planet earth is probably around 30 I
round it up to 50 for sake of
&gt;&gt; gigawatts for sake of if he produces 50
gawatts in phase one of terra fab and
let's say that's five years you know I
know that the industry will move ahead
but the problem with the industry the
industry supply is power constraint.
It's not the problem isn't the chips
&gt;&gt; ultimately. The problem is putting
putting electrons around them. So I
don't know where you go from here except
to space and um all paths lead to space
and one last thing to cover from these
slides. There's a lot more in these
slides we could talk about. Maybe in our
future show we will. But this is just
one last thing. Uh surprise data centers
may be lowering your electricity bill.
&gt;&gt; Mhm.
Uh we estimate for every 10% increase in
data center capacity average residential
retail prices fell by approximately 0.4%
on average. Not a huge decline but still
something. Uh the result is interpreted
thus from 2019 to 20 2024 the average
residential customer lived in a state
where data center capacity grew 160%
which caused their electricity rates to
fall by 6%.
Um,
so the that's that flies in the face of
the narrative that's out there. Real
quick, Phil, look at the state here at
the top with the highest increase uh in
electricity prices. We've got
California.
&gt;&gt; Mhm. Don't I know it.
&gt;&gt; That there are plenty of states under
the zero line here.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. [clears throat]
You know, it's incredible is that um
yeah, the narrative is strong. The del
narrative is strong. um data centers are
probably the large one of the largest
labor drivers in states that are
building building out. I think the um
economic expansion has occurred in the
Memphis area due to Colossus is probably
uh measurable and very significant
very significant. Elon spoke to it but
it's it's not probably said loudly
enough. Um,
I mean, you have a guy that wants to put
on a hard hat and build something and
he's employed in data center. He's
pretty happy to be employed building out
a data center. I mean, what's the
difference? Um,
&gt;&gt; yeah.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; You know, I mean, it's we have a very
good beginning of re-industrialization
of the of the country. Uh in this case,
what's beautiful about it is that part
of that re-industrialization is is in
fact everything in those slides, which
is technology, you know, forwardleaning
type of stuff. And it's not like we're
just, you know, building more widgets in
the war era. We're building interesting
stuff that relates to um where all the
where all our future uh
productivity, revenues, etc., etc. will
come from.
seems to me that
people should be embracing that, right?
They should even be embracing that at
the um at the voting booth if you think
about it because
&gt;&gt; that's right.
&gt;&gt; Their jobs I mean if the average person
that has a data center job, I don't
think he's worried so much about um
irrespective of whether power price is
coming down or up rel related to that.
Um he's certainly putting food on his
table because he's building out a data
center. Absolutely.
Yeah. Well, hopefully people come to
that realization sooner rather than
later.
It's a funny world, you know.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; We have on one hand, we got
the CEO of Delta. [laughter]
I'm not even going to tell you. I'm not
going to go further with this, but
&gt;&gt; yeah. Well, on that note, we there's so
much more we could talk about. We
actually should change the name of the
show from two guys two hours to two guys
who knows how many hours. We could talk
at length uh about so much more and we
will in future episodes. But Phil, thank
you for joining me today. Thank you for
your time and uh it's another great
discussion.