Channel:     brighterwithherbert
Title:       Elon Musk Doubled Down On This Massive Bet
URL:         https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qlOJdC8y4qE
Published:   2026-05-27 13:30 UTC
Fetched:     2026-05-27 14:00 UTC

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Elon Musk made a couple of announcements
that are quite significant. First, while
he agreed that SpaceX AI does not yet
have the best AI model and that his
strategy is to control the best hardware
and become a hyperscaler, Elon said he
will never give up and he still intends
to get the best AI out there. He noted
that SpaceX AI is only 3 years old,
which is half the age of anthropic and a
quarter the age of open AI. He doubled
down saying, "Let's see where things
stand 3 years from now."
Second, Elon pointed out that SpaceX had
achieved nothing of note after three
years and was written off as dead after
six years with three consecutive launch
failures. But he said, "You may have
noticed things are different now." Elon
also promised he'll present a more
detailed AI satellite design in a few
weeks. Today, we'll give an update on
the plans for Grock and estimates of how
much money SpaceX can make renting out
their excess compute capacity. It's much
more than you think. Got Joe Bacti here
with us today. He's an economist,
investor, and tech entrepreneur. He has
a YouTube channel covering both Tesla
and AGI. Check out his website and
community at pinionerlands.org.
Welcome Joe.
&gt;&gt; Good to be back. Hey, we're talking your
favorite topic, AI models on the race to
ASI, AGI, and this new model that Tesla,
SpaceX have announced, which is compute
as a service or a I think uh Elon calls
it AI comput as a service and I think
all in podcast they call it um Elon
where uh web services.
&gt;&gt; Elon web services, EWS.
So Peter Demandis said this. Elon
doesn't need to run the best AI model.
So I think it's pretty clear at this
point that XAI is behind. They do not
have the best AI model out there. He
needs to control the best hardware.
Nvidia, he said, is the most valuable
company on Earth and their models aren't
the most popular. The hyperscaler play
works. Okay. And Elon replied to him
saying, "What you say is true, but
nonetheless, our AI will be great.
Whether it is the best remains to be
seen, but I will never give up. Never.
And then he reminded us that SpaceX AI
is only three years old. That's half the
age of anthropic and quarter the age of
OpenAI. Let's see where things stand 3
years from now. Then he added this after
he posted this post. He added another
post followup. He gave it some more
thought. He said SpaceX had achieved
nothing of note after three years and
was written off as dead after six years
with three consecutive launch failures.
You may have noticed things are
different now. Elon plays a long game
and he's not going to give up ever
comments.
&gt;&gt; I think three takeaways here each one
separate but each one very important
separate dimensions and points. First
one from a pioneer and reality
engineering perspective which is like
our topic in pioneer lens. How do we
engineer realities? What can we learn
from the best pioneers like Elon? It's
easy to say, well, long-term we always
win. Because the big question is how how
can you be long-term? What is the
precondition to be long-term? And what
is the precondition to be long-term
dedicated is first principle strategic
decisions because once you make a
decision like we need to go to Mars or
we need to build SpaceX and this is not
a little business endeavor this is a
strategic endeavor then you gain your
long-term conviction to make this happen
right that's also took me a while as an
entrepreneur to understand that it's
always there's always a shiny new thing
you can go after like I you know I was
in the cancer detection business all
kinds of
But then at some point you have to think
about what truly matters in the grand
scheme of things. That's why I'm
focusing now on you know pioneer capital
investment infrastructure for the age of
AGI and on media because I think that is
the most impactful thing you can do from
an Elon perspective and that means now
we have conviction to do the long game.
It doesn't matter. We don't need to make
money. We we just keep doing it because
it has to be done. And the same is true
for Elon and SpaceX and of course for
Tesla. And everything he does now is of
strategic importance for civilization.
Not because Elon does it, but he does it
because it is that. And that gives him
the long game. Number two, point number
two, do they need the best model or not?
Uh and uh Peter Dander says they don't
even need the best model. Nvidia doesn't
have the best model, but they're the
largest company on Earth. Okay, number
one, he's right. Peter Dmenus is right.
They don't need the best model. They
just need to own significant pieces of
the stack and be the number one in the
stack. They will be the number one in
energy, which is kind of a big deal when
you think about it. They will be the
number one in the galaxy. Well, who
knows about the galaxy. In the solar
system and no idea, I don't make
statements on aliens, but in the solar
system, they will be the biggest
provider of energy, which is a big
market.
um
and
likely in inference chips. Let's see
about that. They have to do some
catchup, but it's very possible. Uh
then okay, so that would be already
enough plus orbital lift and everything.
But then number three,
I do think you I never like com
commented too much on Grock and all the
fanboys on X that said how amazing Grock
is because I always felt it's not that
amazing. I'm very critical. It's like
well it's great but if I go to Claude if
I go to Chip it was a little better.
Rock was like there had some advantages
but then Claude totally started killing
everything six months ago and it's just
vastly superior. Okay. So I always said
Grock is totally behind behind
Anthropic. I didn't say that because I
don't want to get killed by the fans,
but I never said anything. It's like I
want to do this. I don't know. But
here's the interesting twist of the
story which I find extremely
interesting.
When I started to look into anthropics
power, like what makes them so great, I
realized very quickly that what makes
them so great? It's Elon's and X's
specific weakness.
It's actually not the core tech. It's
not the LLM. It's the scaffolding around
it. It is all the little prompts and the
little tweaks and the little product
things that make them very powerful. And
we know X effectively doesn't have a
product team. It's a total joke, right?
There are no people in product. So,
which is bad. But it's not just random
product design. It's like what Enthropic
does best. They are basically doing the
piping and the scaffolding of the core
models.
Same is true for the agents now and the
agent revolution, right? It's not the
core models that make now the big
difference. The core models are already
the core models already have an IQ of
150 160 I would say at this point. So it
doesn't matter. That's not where the
money is. The money is now how do we use
these things and how do we automate the
usage? That is what anthropic absolutely
killed and that's why they're way ahead
of everyone. But now comes the twist.
Cursor.
What is cursor? And why was cursor the
hottest thing in the world 12 months ago
and then totally fell off a cliff and
now suddenly he's back? Because cursor
from the onset always said we are not
LLM. We are just scaffolding. We just
taking these LLMs and then doing stuff.
They became very hot because they were
the first company that actually got
something done with AI encoding. So they
grew like crazy. they're in all Fortune
500. They're all over the place. Then it
became uncool to do that. And then
people said, "No, you need to own the
core. This will be replaceable." Now, it
turns out it's not only not replaceable,
it's more valuable than the LLMs.
And here's the thing. I was critical of
Elon without saying I'm always scared of
the fans. I was like, I'm not I never
criticize Elon, even if I secretly
criticize him. But on X, I was like,
it's fine. You proved you're the best in
building giga scale things, but your
core team is a little sucky. It's like
fine, you have a little LM, but you
can't get it done. You have no product
team. You don't know how to build this
thing. What is so amazing about Elon,
and now I give him kudos, is where is
He's just the best. He is a true pioneer
because he understands what he's good
at, what he's bad at. He understands
where his teams are good at, and he
understands where they're bad at. He
understands he actually responded to one
of my tweets about product where I make
like his snarky remark. He's like, "Oh,
we try." So, he knows he's bad at this
stuff, but he doesn't pretend he's good.
He looks at the situation. He saw, "Wait
a moment. This is a scaffolding problem.
Scaffolding is non-trivial because you
need to do things no one even knows,
right? There's some crazy stuff
prompting yourself to death and then
testing of this whole thing." Cursor is
the most advanced scaffolding company on
Earth. Better than Anthropic. They just
didn't have an integrated system. They
didn't have LLMs. They were missing key
pieces that Enthropic has. That's why
Enthropic beat them. Elon connected the
two. It's like, wait a minute. I have a
pretty decent LLM. Maybe even a very
good one. I don't even know because LLM
is purely they can't be used that much,
right? That's why we don't know exactly
how good Grock is. I think Grock is
probably pretty decent. It's probably
very close to the other guys on an LLM
level. Scaffolding is missing. Cursor,
the best scaffolding in the world. They
actually came very close to beating or
on par with CHGPT and the latest claude
model in coding using Kimmy which is
like a Chinese definitely second tier
model
&gt;&gt; and cursor is on par with CHBD and
anthropic with Kimmy and Kimmy is
clearly behind their LLMs which means
the scaffolding of curser is vastly
better
&gt;&gt; than even anthropics and now guess what
yeah combine it with Grock and after
what one month three weeks I don't even
They are already like beating everyone
&gt;&gt; with partial with just only partial data
from cursor. Yeah, Grock is use just
starting to use cursor together and
they're already
&gt;&gt; they gave him the NLM and they gave him
the compute and then cursor brings in
the scaffolding and I want to just
emphasize this to people. It's like uh
scaffolding is like human civilization.
It's like saying it's just the brains
and the scaffolding is the civilization.
Okay, what is more important? The brains
or the civilization? I'm not saying the
brains are unimportant, but the brains
are the same as a bunch of Neanderthalss
or like homo sapiens 100,000 years ago.
If you put them into a data center,
suddenly they have AI. So clearly the
scaffolding matters, right? Just so
people understand that this is not just
a little bit piece of
&gt;&gt; and now of course it's not just amazing
that Elon understood that understood his
weakness understood what makes anthropic
strong that is the combination of
scaffolding LLM. He also spotted the
unique arbitrage in the market that
there is this little not so little like
the largest deployed coding system
cursor that was completely destroyed
valuation wise. I mean, not complete,
but it was like out of favor because I
was like, "Yeah, what is that?" Elon got
it, went to the
&gt;&gt; It's not It's not cheap. In order for
SpaceX AI to own Cursor, they have to
pay $60 billion.
&gt;&gt; I know. And so
to buy,
&gt;&gt; but went to these people and say, "I
want to do a little experiment, give you
some access, and buy
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; and buy an option, a call option
&gt;&gt; for $10 billion."
Okay. Who does that? So uh OpenAI tried
to buy cursor for three billion by the
way. They try to buy cursor for three
billion. Kurser said no. Elon comes
along like I give you 10 billion for a
call option to buy you for 60 billion.
And K like oh and you're Elon and you're
giving us best compute. So they said yes
but even with the knowledge that I just
dispersed here most of the other CEOs
would not even now do the deal. So you
need to be Elon. Of course Elon has the
advantage of SpaceX being driven to two
trillion. So that's just what 2% which
is insane.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. I don't know how he's I I see if
he's if he buys them through stock
instead of cash. Yeah.
&gt;&gt; He has to buy them through stock because
the option expires 60 days after IPO. So
this is happening now.
&gt;&gt; He has to execute the option 60 days
after IPO which is June June 12th. So he
has to execute by August 11th. He has to
execute the option and of course with
stock. So
&gt;&gt; and if he does it sooner actually then
it it rises up. Wait, no. Maybe he wants
to do it afterwards when it's already
the value is already at 60 billion worth
as opposed to too soon. Okay, that's why
he did. That's why he's saying 60
billion but later.
&gt;&gt; So, so this is all and the cursor team
by the way is super smart. But it's you
have to connect. You have to understand
these things that I just understood
because it's like not easy. It's all
very new. But the scaffolding versus LLM
then the combination and of course
compute it's another dimension but it's
mostly ALM scaffolding plus compute.
It's a perfect m it's like completely
perfectly executed like because it's not
just the perfect missing piece. It's
also the best in the world that at the
same time fell out of favor because
everyone thought cursor is weaker than
anthropic. They're losing it because
they didn't connect the dots that they
are by definition using Kimmy and being
nearly as good have proven they're
better at the core competency of
anthropic which is scaffolding than
anthropic itself. And all you need to do
is add the LLM, the compute. So
&gt;&gt; yeah,
&gt;&gt; when Elon says check back in in three
years, there's a high probability that
you do not have to wait three years.
There's a high probability this happens
in the next 12 months because the cursor
team is very good and they were held
back with these bottlenecks that they
could not solve LLM and compute. But
Elon has
&gt;&gt; and there's Grock build which is I think
the the Grock version of compute cloud
code and AI cortex or OpenAI's u
what am I forgetting his their name of
that but uh yeah AI open's version of
their coding system
um
&gt;&gt; codeex
&gt;&gt; I forget codeex yes I forget thank you
so you know grock build is just started
and they're behind but thank you for
that that it's absolutely a good point
that you know curs giant curs is also
deep here's another thing why c I mean
this is just a complete win because you
have to like what we are building out in
pioneer lens I call it the knowledge
graph I first called it the wisdom graph
but that sounds stupid so it's the
knowledge graph which basically graphs
out all the core uh components of this
AGI revolution space infinite energy
compute then AGI core the AGI capability
and then what does it do it does three
things What is the business model of the
whole thing? The business model is to
replace human labor, drive down costs to
10% of what it is now, and then scale
labor up infin in like infinitely
because everyone needs more labor. And
that falls into three categories.
Digital human, the digital human, which
is the first one to go, which is all the
white collar. Then drivers, which is a
separate category because it's so huge
as jobs. And the third one of course is
uh embodied AI. It's like robots. But it
happens in that order. It happens with
the digital human first. And people have
completely ignored this. Everyone talks
about robots taking order. Dude, this
takes 10 years before this happens at
scale. The digital human starts now.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; Mass replacement of all. And now
in order to roll out the digital human,
you first need it. Okay, that is what we
just discussed. It's the scaffolding,
it's the LLMs, and it's getting to
critical capability which enthropic
already has. That's already AGI economic
AGI they now now SpaceX will catch up
very quickly in the next six months I
guess they will be well in the next
three months they will be where
anthropic is now anthropic will then be
ahead but they both crack it and open
probably too then the next question once
you have the capability replace every
lawyer doctor like everyone like
everyone you still need to replace them
it's not enough to have the capability
you need deployment power what is
deployment power it means you need to be
in every enterprise S&amp;P 5 fortune 500
midsize that is why we have these
private equity deals now where the
private equity companies partner up with
OpenAI and entropic because they own all
of middle America
uh so you have enterprise then you have
private equity and that's all you need
plus venture capital then you can go
hardcore after everyone it's a little
scary but this is going to happen
&gt;&gt; my I predict that Elon will partner with
uh either Salesforce force or Oracle,
somebody's already embedded in
enterprise.
&gt;&gt; But Herbert, here's the trick. He
doesn't need that anymore because who
has the absolute lead in forward
deployed engineers across Fortune 500?
Cursor. Every single
&gt;&gt; Oh, yeah. That's true. Developers have
already adopted cursor first.
&gt;&gt; True.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Every single Fortune 500 company
has cursor.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. The developer.
&gt;&gt; So, it is also a complete victory on the
enterprise sales side. He already has
them. He doesn't even need to sell them
anymore. They already are locked in.
They might also
&gt;&gt; he'll pay them 60 billion own cursor for
all the reasons you said. Um yeah,
&gt;&gt; but what let's talk about the rental
part of it. Uh so so you know the ju
just to finish off the story here.
You've got Grock Foundation. Remember
how he's got multiple models running at
the same time because he has so much
compute. He's able to rent some out and
but he has uh multiple. Here's the 1.5
trillion parameter one. He says that one
is finished training. Evaluations look
good. A lot of cursor data was added in
supplementary training and there's more
to come. Fine-tuning is underway.
Reinforcement learning begins in a few
days, two to three weeks, the public
release. And then the.5 trillion model,
that one is currently serves all Grock
production traffic, especially for
difficult coding tasks. We will open a
0.5 trillion model towards the end of
this year. It should still be quite
useful.
&gt;&gt; By the way, it's not it's also not just
cursor data. People have to it's not
just getting data. It's it's also the
question what is that data? So cursor is
not just data. It's also aligning this
entire development operation to where it
matters most to the Fortune 500
teams.
&gt;&gt; They they actual value that is already
being generated. So
&gt;&gt; if it's already integrated Yeah. Right?
You you deploy the power of of these
uh.5 and 1.5 trillion parameter models
of Grock now fine-tuned and trained
towards the highest value you can
generate because of cursor. So cursor is
very important.
&gt;&gt; Wow. So so just a reminder everybody
most companies out there they have one
of their frontier LLMs they're working
on and then they're training the next
generation one and their advantage is
that there's recursive learning. Now
that that one that they created is
teaching is building the second the new
one. But these guys are building
multiple models. They have multiple
shots on gold. They have different um
goals for each one of them. The.5
trillion probably answering quick
questions. The 1.5 trillion who knows
maybe it's what you're saying the cursor
one that's enterprise level. They have
multiple because they have so much
power. Um, and then when it comes to how
the rental, you guys obviously remember
Claude uh, Anthropic partnered with
SpaceX and this guy calculated and he
said, "Okay, if assuming he just did his
napkin math, assuming Colossus one has
220,000 GPUs and then he broke it down
to H100s, H200s, and GB200s. This is the
typical pricing assumptions. He's
figuring out that basically they're
they'll pay5 $5 billion of annual
revenue to XAI just for the Colossus
one. But but uh that filling $5 billion
to XAI Anthropic is paying them. But if
you remember Dario, the CEO of Anthropic
was on the Dark Cash podcast and he said
that whenever you have compute you have
to make a tough decision. Do I take my
compute to build the model to make it
smarter or do I take the compute and
make it inference? so that I can charge
customers and have more customers to use
it more and make more money. Well, that
$5 billion that he's paying XAI's
inference, that will translate to $15
billion a year in revenue to Anthropic.
So, it's a 60 to 70% gross margin. So,
for Anthropic, it's a it's a win for
them. It's a win for XAI.
&gt;&gt; That by the way,
&gt;&gt; what's that?
&gt;&gt; No, exactly. So it's 15 billion they're
paying not 5 billion.
&gt;&gt; Yes. Well, so yeah, Freedom Dwan
calculated that Colossus one is $6
billion. Okay, that's true. But SpaceX
is or anthropics paying them $15 billion
a year. So that 9 billion is on the
Colossus 2 part. And she just calculated
thinking that actually that's only
onethird of what Colossus 2 actually has
because Colossus 2 has 550,000 GB200s.
And this is it implies that Anthropic is
renting just about 150 to 200,000 GP200
which is like a third of that which
means that Elon still has 2/3 either for
his own use or to rent it out even more.
So this $15 billion a year is just the
beginning. It's not full yet at full
capacity. So he thinks she thinks that
you know it's like oneird yeah of total
compute. Well, the long story short is
there's infinite demand for compute
because every piece of compute you buy,
you can sell for every dollar computer
you buy can sell for $3 effectively. So,
how much of that would you buy?
Unlimited obviously.
&gt;&gt; Keep buying. So,
&gt;&gt; yeah. And you can use it yourself too.
That's the point.
&gt;&gt; I mean, if you were the seller, but
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. This strategy by Elon is as
brilliant as Amazon's AWS, right? you
you need it for your own services and so
they built out this data center for
their own e-commerce services because in
December they have huge spikes so they
overbuild but then they don't need all
of that during the year and so then they
start renting it out to businesses who
don't need to build that because they
built it and then they make it pays for
it pays for you to build even more and
then it pays you to even build even more
&gt;&gt; only I have to interrupt here because
that's not even the strategy because I
wouldn't call that a strategy
That's like saying, you know, your
strategy is to mine for gold. Like,
obviously, that's a good strategy if
there's a lot of gold. So, that's a
no-brainer. The real strategy is not a
strategy. The real strength of Elon is
he can build these data centers because
it's not that no one else is trying.
They're all trying. Stargate, everyone
is trying to build them. The difference
is that is Elon's core strength. He just
builds them in two months. The others
don't build them in two years. So this
is a pure execution advantage. It's not
that anyone else doesn't want to build
all these data centers. Elon built them
and this ability to actually build them
and deploy them which is a core
competency. Even the biggest Elon
critics admit well that's the one thing
he knows how to do. He gets it done.
Giant complicated engineering projects.
And same with space. That's not an
ingenious strategy. It's a no-brainer.
The problem is no one can do it. So, I
mean, you know, that's that's the best
type of business. A total it's like it's
like eternal life. It's not a great
strategy to develop eternal life. It's
it's the unique ability to do it. It's
not, oh, I have an eenous idea. What if
there's a pill and you don't die
anymore? Oh, Joe, you're so smart. It's
like, no, that's not the smart part. The
smart part is to build the pill. So, so
that's pretty much what's going on here.
&gt;&gt; But it's a flywheel is what I'm saying.
Because the money that you spent
building it and then you want to use it
for yourself, but then in the meantime
you're renting it out. That gives you
more money to build even the next one
for yourself too and rent it out and
build build. That's why scale is
&gt;&gt; but the key is you need to be able to
build it
&gt;&gt; like the Stargate people wanted to do
the same only that yeah
&gt;&gt; it didn't build. Why is it not built?
And this is it's very important because
you know this is always the magic thing.
You need very deep strategy, first
principal thinking in the beginning, but
then you need to execute. And execution
is like this. That's where the magic
happens because you can have 10 people
with the same brilliant idea and then
they just all fail except for one. And
look at Stargate. They they did all this
stuff. They started digging out all
kinds of things. What TSMC in Arizona is
always the same story. It's like, oh,
and then it takes five years. And when
Elon does it literally like Yens No said
that N was like this was the insaneest
thing I've ever seen. They just built
this biggest thing ever in two months
and and Yens was completely blown away
because he knows that stuff. And so I
think this is exactly why we pay Elon a
trillion because it's just okay. This is
not even strategy. This is just you
literally cannot do this if you're not
Elon. Uh yeah, apparently uh when it
comes to the the the solar pan the the
AI sat many satellites by the way uh I
think the number the date I heard is
2028. So I don't think we should be
trying to expect uh data AI data centers
coming out sooner than 2020. I think
even this X1 the S1 filing said that. So
uh but he said of Pier Farerugu asked
the question hey on the um the picture
below the AI satellite mini seems to
have three to 400 kilowatts of solar
panels for 100 kilowatts of compute the
pee of 1.2 2 35% panel decay over the
lifetime of the bird barely get me to
200 kilowatts. What am I missing? And
then Elon said, I will present a more
detailed AI satellite design in a few
weeks. So they're working on it and he's
confident he'll be able to redesign.
It's it's it sounds very similar to, you
know, how when he was working on the on
the chips, he had to redesign the chips
and he spent weekends. Sounds like that.
That's what he's doing now. The AI AI
satellite is now
&gt;&gt; totally hit this out of the park. This
is like if you know Elon and what he
does best and then you understand the
engineering challenge of the satellite
which is exactly in his ballpark. It's
not Einstein level. You there's
everything is known about it but the
total complexity of is like medium to
high. Uh when it comes to commercial
scale it's not like Starship is not
medium to high. Starship is like extreme
right and FSD is mega extreme and AI is
like infinitely extreme. So you can't
force it. It's like decades and then at
some time you get lucky. Here we're
talking medium to high which is Elon's
sweet spot. The data centers are I would
say medium also medium to high probably.
Uh but this is absolutely doable but it
has a high level of complexity and you
need to just nail it and I have 100%
confidence that they will totally blow
this out of the park and win. And I said
2027 will be the first deployments of
like proto like
&gt;&gt; maybe one or two get to stress or more
than that maybe hundreds or something to
just test them.
&gt;&gt; He said 2028. Okay.
&gt;&gt; Well 2028 I think will be deployment.
That's where you have actual data
centers. I I think you need to have like
a few dozen or something in space just
to measure stuff like you know decay all
kinds of stuff. So I think that will
happen in 2027. I'm pretty sure. I'm
pretty sure we'll have orbital AI space
satellites prototyped in space next
year.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, I think prototypes will be there.
He actually said just a few days ago, he
said it's a lot easier than people
think. AI data centers is a lot easier
than people think. So that confidence
and then he's designing it. He's a more
detailed satellite design in a few weeks
means that you know it's uh they've been
they feel confident that they've got a
design
&gt;&gt; like out of the risk and complexity the
AI satellites are 5% 95% is Starship
because Starship we are close but this
thing is insanely comp
&gt;&gt; I was going to ask you that uh so Friday
huge success Starship 12th launch uh so
you were saying just like you were thing
with FSD does it work. This thing rests
on this Starship flying and it was a
pretty well a 100 almost pretty close to
100% success. It
&gt;&gt; well I would say Starship is actually
more is for me more transparent and
predictable than FSD used to be. It's
still not transparent to me. FSD is just
works somehow. But the the Starship
situation is very clear to me. I did the
math on it. You basically have all these
different conditions. I don't know if
you saw the video where I I was bad in
screen sharing so I didn't share enough
of the model I think but
this is basically the the majority of
risk lies in launch explosion because
there is where the money is and that's
where you that kills you on the
insurance side even selfinsured. So if
you blow up this thing with the cargo in
it it's super bad not just for that
flight but the next 20 flights down
because you have to pay for that in
anticipation you have to reserve them is
bad. So the most important thing is
don't blow it up especially with test
cargo like this time. So that was total
green. It was not total green. They had
like a engine failure. One out of 33 or
something but doesn't seem to be risky.
It doesn't. It's not great. There's
definitely like a little problem there
but it deployed. Number two does it
deploy the cargo? Because if it doesn't
deploy the cargo it's also a total
failure, right? It deployed the cargo
very successfully. That's very good.
then um the booster rellanding failed.
But this is much less dangerous because
this just hits your economics, right? If
you if you launch a booster, you fail to
catch it. As long as it doesn't destroy
the turret, it's a little expensive. But
if just the booster explodes, who cares,
right? If you use a booster 10 times,
you divide the cost by 10, it's roughly,
what is it, 80 million or something per
booster. So it goes down to 8 million.
If it blows up after five times, well,
then then it's like, you know, 16
million. So, it's not totally changing
the equation. If this thing blows up at
launch with a billion dollars of cargo,
you have a problem because you're
increasing the next 10 launches by 100
million each. So, that's like a little
bit the math. It's the most important
thing is don't blow it up at launch. The
next most important thing is catch the
booster. And we count how often. Once
you go above 10, it doesn't even matter,
right? Because 10 reuses is 8 million
each flight. 20 reuses 4 million. So you
basically if you fail at the 10th
relaunch, you just basically double your
from from 4 million to 8 million the
cost. And then the last thing is
technically the most challenging but
also the least important. It's catching
Starship. It is very important long run
to really get to very low. So, it needs
to be done, but it's much less critical.
After I ran the math, much less critical
than anything else because Starship only
costs
40 million or something.
So, if you don't if you can't reuse
Starship because you can't catch it. It
can't reland. It doesn't even matter.
Then you just pay 40 million per launch
at 150 tons versus 70 million launch
cost at 15 tons right now.
I mean, that's ridiculous, right? So I
people have to understand Starship
doesn't even need to be reused for
orbital AI to become economically
feasible. That was my biggest revelation
when I modeled it out. Plus it's pretty
safe to say they will reanded like by
next year or something. So but it
doesn't matter if it blows up every
second time. No one cares. Like as long
as it doesn't blow up up, that's a huge
difference. But on the way down, if you
fail to uh reuse it every fourth time,
&gt;&gt; it's not a big deal,
&gt;&gt; right? Yeah,
&gt;&gt; it's really not a big deal.
&gt;&gt; I'm curious when Elon said that. So,
first of all, he said, "I will never
give up. We will have the best AI." So,
that was great to hear him, you know,
double down on that. Then he said that,
let's see where things stand 3 years
from now. So, three years from now would
be 2029. So if 2028 now you're saying
you know pro AI data centers out there
2028 2027 but 2028 for sure pretty
confident especially with the success of
the starship this Friday and Navy he's
got 10 more lined up by 2028
you know what I mean that's when they'll
be at least once a month a spa a
starship if not more
&gt;&gt; more definitely more
&gt;&gt; can you believe that and and then the
payload of how many AI data centers will
be out there. I think that that's the
scale that he's thinking by that point.
&gt;&gt; It's kind of hard to beat us.
&gt;&gt; My prediction is it's always important
to understand when is Elon over over
confident with his timelines when he's
late
&gt;&gt; and when he's not late. When it comes to
the three years on the digital human on
the AGI thing,
&gt;&gt; I think Elon is
off. Elon is totally overestimating the
time because here
we are in a situation where you have
brilliant teams. He knows how to build
out this compute. The Grock team is
decent but the cursor team is brilliant
and the cursor team can handle this
whole thing because the cursor team was
missing that compute and the LLM access.
Now they just have a I would say a
second tier team. I don't want to be too
mean, but it's a 1.5 tier team on the
LLM side, but Kursa is the best team in
the world for scaffolding, which is much
more valuable, better than anthropic,
more experienced than anthropic, and
deeper embedded in the entire enterprise
world of the world.
&gt;&gt; They are going to take charge. That's
also what Elon likes about them. They're
very young, by the way, 25. This guy is
probably the youngest, richest man ever.
25, 60 billion by. But good for him. So
they are very smart cookies and they
have that under control and the leap to
overtake Anthropic I think within months
they will be on their heels like
seriously on their heels. So I'm very
bullish on uh Space X AI now becoming a
really top tier model together better
than much better than Google of course
but as open AI an entropic by end of the
year this will be a tough competition
&gt;&gt; like beating that's a whole different
topic but they will be very very close
enough that no one cares. Yeah, I think
so. If Elon was so concerned that XAI
has run away with the race and have won
and are now going to get to AGI and ASI,
he would not have helped them. He
there's huge value for them to get the 5
billion so that their IPO goes
successful. So, you can kind of like
think about that. But ASI AGI, no, I
think he's he realizes you're not going
to get there until three years from now
when you
&gt;&gt; I think I know trick is like an amazing
story. But I know that trick because
they also leaked their main thing. I
think they were just good in prompting.
That's what they are. They just figured
something out and that's it.
&gt;&gt; Oh, yeah. No, for sure. I mean, you can,
you know, you compare it to Codeex,
which is OpenAI's coding system, and you
can see there's a huge difference
between personality. I mean, you know,
you know, I'm using OpenClaw and I was
using Claude and it was brilliant, but
it wasn't just the intelligence as you
said. It's a lot about how it answers
and how it communicates with you and
makes you like it won't give up and
it'll try to solve a problem versus
codeex would just stop working and I
think or it'll lie to you. It'll say oh
it's doing something I'll take care of
it and then like later you go did you do
it? No, I didn't do it like but you said
you do you said you did it.
&gt;&gt; And I remember this the throwing was
totally behind in the beginning. I think
the LLM kind of sucks. It's not very
good in my opinion. Now we maybe it gets
better but but the way to see that
there's not a direct analogy we have to
think in basic fundamental principles
more but these LLMs they are like raw
intelligence they're like your frontal
cortex
&gt;&gt; right that you can get a highest IQ
person but doesn't mean that they're
going to be the best whatever because
they're just just pure IQ
&gt;&gt; and it doesn't even come down to a
person you are talking about giant
virtual organizations right you have I
see that when we work on our stuff here
with our agent in pioneer lands pine
lands daily on new publishing thing this
is I don't even fully I have no
transparency no one probably has how
many agents are working on that but the
agents spin of other agents we give them
instructions about how to you know uh
curate news and everything and rewrite
stuff and do videos and it's the same
thing with these companies like
anthropic has probably it's hard to tell
how many millions of these agents
organized somehow that they don't even
fully understand and that constellation
of prompts and agents working behind the
scenes makes actually the thing and the
question whether OpenAI has 155 IQ and
Enthropic 145 completely irrelevant. If
they deploy it in two million
wellorganized brands and they deployed
in 10,000 badly organized brands, your
10 IQ points don't help you. So
&gt;&gt; I think that's why cursor they are
basically the magic organizational
superpower without these IQ points or
they're using Kimmy. give me is probably
120 whatever.
&gt;&gt; Oh yeah. The other point I want to make
is that uh what Elon is renting is the
inference which is allowing anthropic to
charge to make money but not to use it
to build smarter models. That is
reserved although they I think onethird
of Colossus 2 allows them to build
smarter models maybe not inference. So
that's just to
&gt;&gt; yeah remember that that's the
&gt;&gt; like no one even fully understands any
of this including Elon in my opinion.
Like no one truly understands the exact
setup of this thing. It's more trial and
error and you know they are LLMs with IQ
and there's this weird unknown
scaffolding super structure uh and the
truth will be in between and once you
can deploy the super structure plus the
LLM to somehow recursively improve but I
think no one really figured that out yet
it's only little pieces
&gt;&gt; pieces
&gt;&gt; then you're dealing with something huge
so that's all happening and that gives
you know it's it's literally we have to
think about this AI thing really like
giant civilization ations not like a
giant super brain it's not one super
brain it's millions yeah that help each
other agents
&gt;&gt; and what are they doing and how are they
organized and just if you imagine I give
you a million people I give me a million
people even if view yours are five IQ
points higher if I am better in
organizing I
&gt;&gt; better system
&gt;&gt; right and so what is that system and
that's no one really you know this is
like vague because it changes by the
minute because they're spinning off more
like this is a complicated question.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; But that's how to think about that's why
you can beat
&gt;&gt; well the best system and I know you've
been thinking about this with pioneer
lands is model it after democracy and
agency right you give your citizens
agency to create businesses be be
pro-commercial businesses you know
reward everybody properly that's how you
do it. So if agents are able to decide
on their own that they're going to do
something then and then you reward it
properly maybe that's how you build the
best
&gt;&gt; exactly and that's how we have to also
think about ASI it won't be a super
brain it will be kind of a civilization
and it can and the difference to humans
is if I give you a million humans to
make two million humans takes 18 years
and some dating apps but with these
agents it takes a minute and they can
decide is is two million actually better
or is one million
this is extremely amorphous and like
it's a new paradigm but that's how I
think about it because that's like the
most helpful you know juristic
&gt;&gt; okay always fun to talk to you thank you
so much Joe if you guys love this
conversation check out pioneerlands.org
This is what they do. This is what they
talk about all day long and they plan
the future. Thanks everybody.
&gt;&gt; Thank you.
&gt;&gt; I've created a website that is the most
comprehensive resource for the Tesla
investor. Please check it out. Simply go
to my website at herbalm.com.