Channel:     futureaza
Title:       Tesla's Biggest Truck Decision Is Coming
URL:         https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zpDoF5yOHvY
Published:   2026-07-14 12:00 UTC
Fetched:     2026-07-14 13:00 UTC

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Will Tesla come back even with the
larger truck which is more competitive
in the look at me space? Um maybe we'll
see what happens over these next few
months as the as these roll out and uh
we get back to where there has to be a
decision made about whether the price
stays or or are or is uh has to go back
up again.
Cybert truck is doomed. I keep hearing
that. Maybe it's true. I don't
necessarily believe that's the case.
What it needs is just a lower price. And
a lot of people are saying that Tesla
should really go down market. Everyone
wants a smaller truck. But that remains
to be seen. There are a few smaller
trucks coming imminently between Ford,
TE, and Slate. But is that what people
really want? We're going to take a look
at all of that. And by us, I mean we're
I'm here with Randy Kirk. Randy Kirk is
going to help us understand h what is
going on. I'm Brian. Welcome to Futurza.
&gt;&gt; So, for those who don't know, and I
think everyone does at this point, but
there's always new viewers, Randy Kirk
is a best-selling author, a serial
entrepreneur, and uh has been following
Tesla insanely closely uh for the few
years he's had a channel and the many
years before that. So, uh, Randy is, uh,
an expert on these things, business
especially, having founded many
businesses, consulted many more. Randy,
welcome. Welcome.
&gt;&gt; You know, I couldn't have written that
better myself. How well you know the
&gt;&gt; Yeah,
&gt;&gt; yeah, we've done we've done a couple
videos together. And for those who don't
know, we've done hundreds of videos
together.
&gt;&gt; Hundreds,
&gt;&gt; I would say, because I also appear on
his channel. Go check him out. You can
subscribe over there, too, if you just
can't get enough.
&gt;&gt; We're probably talking about 200 a year,
Brian. So, between, you know,
&gt;&gt; between both channels. Yeah, it is uh
hundreds on each channel at this point.
Um because Ry's channel focuses more on
the stock overlapping into the execution
and mine is the engineering overlapping
into the execution. And it is in that
middle part of the ven diagram where we
intersect. Guys, let's get to the actual
story here. Uh, I don't know if you know
this, Randy, but there has been a
persistent rumor that Tesla has been
discussing building a smaller version of
the Cybert truck. Its engineering VP
says so. Lars Moravi apparently said
this uh in an interview, what was this
last June, last July last year, that
they consider they consider making a
smaller pickup as sales of the beefy
sci-fi inspired Cybert truck continue to
struggle and something they've always
talked about. But I'm gonna tell you,
I'm gonna make a case why they
shouldn't. Uh, one reason is this is a
smaller pickup and it's discontinued.
This is a good performer. It's a good
performer with a good range, good
utility. The bed isn't huge. Uh, but the
interior space is, which is what
everyone uses, while only some people
use the bed sometimes. I get your
laughter, but I think it's a great
little truck. I just couldn't believe
that even with its low price tag, it
just didn't move units. They sold just
over 10,000.
Uh,
&gt;&gt; wow.
&gt;&gt; While the while the Maverick sold far
more, the Maverick, you say? Well, 2028
Ford Rancherro is going to be a $30,000
electric truck. Now, I'm looking at this
and this isn't as small as that as that
Santa Cruz. This to me is Yeah. not a
small truck, but a midsize truck, which
is what I think they're calling it, um,
on its universal electric vehicle
platform. But at 30,000 for that much
truck, do you think Ford would be making
any money at all?
&gt;&gt; Well, it's really hard to tell. You
know, there's way more that goes into a
truck than the dimensions. Uh so you
know dimensions as the dimensions
increase of course you have weight
issues you have uh more steel you've got
more probably aluminum other kinds of
things that
&gt;&gt; that make it possible to be bigger but
the real costs are in all of the other
flourishes.
The real costs are in you know how do
you engineer the heating and air
conditioning? How many speakers? You
know you just go on and on and on with
all the things that uh can drive up the
cost. So the interesting thing on this
one will be if they give us any insights
into how they got the cost to where they
are.
&gt;&gt; That would be great information to have.
Ford loves to bring in influencers. They
don't like to bring in analysts because
I ask hard questions and uh you know
companies will bring me in to see their
products when they're mature,
&gt;&gt; but when there's still uh kinks to be
worked out, not as much. Uh, so Ford has
remained mum on what it'll actually be
called. So they're just going with this
name for now. And my, you know, concern
is that the battery alone is going to be
quite pricey. I can't see them going
under 100 kilowatt hours for the pack.
That right there is going to be a
tremendous expense though. They have
been working to onshore battery uh
capacity.
So who knows? Certainly not high,
&gt;&gt; right? But Ford is not the only one. T
is on track to deliver its MT1 truck by
the end of the year, as in this year.
&gt;&gt; And it looks like that. So, if you
thought the Santa Cruz was a chuckler,
uh this adorable little monster I think
is I think is even cooler.
You've got a pretty usable bed with
plenty of interior space. wheels all the
way at the corner uh to maintain
footwell space.
&gt;&gt; Looks like a kitchen appliance.
&gt;&gt; This This is what I would have expected
from Dyson,
&gt;&gt; right?
&gt;&gt; Dyson, who of course worked on electric
cars,
&gt;&gt; right?
&gt;&gt; Half billion dollars, pulled the plug.
We can't do it.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; Comes in rear wheel or all-wheel range
as high as 350 miles. price starting at
41520, which is only a stones throw from
some of the most affordable electric
vehicles, right?
&gt;&gt; They've contracted with a company out of
the Midwest to manufacture the body in
white, so they don't need billions to
stand up their own full assembly line.
They can just buy the bibs and bobs and
snap them together. Fingers crossed.
Mhm. Mhm.
&gt;&gt; Now, I don't know how much market appeal
this car will have, this pickup truck
will have, but some and the price is
right, which brings us to Slate. Slate
really wants to sell this truck in slate
gray. So, Slate wants to sell this for
25,000. Uh, this as mocked up here, uh,
they're partnering with Crayola to add
additional wrap colors. Um, my advice,
by the way, if you're looking to buy a
slate and you really want the company to
succeed, buy some options. Get some
options packages on it. The markup in
the options is far greater than the
markup in the vehicle, which especially
at their low low price is probably going
to be negative.
&gt;&gt; Uh, 25,950 with delivery. Oh, no. The
destination fee has not been announced.
I think it's 1,100. It's right in the
right in the range. Mhm.
&gt;&gt; So they will have uh but the base model
at 25,000
in limited production because factory is
not huge or you know quite as fully you
know end to end as you might like as
vertically integrated as you might like.
I am concerned that at that price
they're just going to bleed money and
hopefully I am mistaken. Well, you see,
you have to in order to bleed money
though, you have to Well, you can bleed
money while you're preparing to launch,
but then you could bleed money after you
launch. Those are two different things.
Um, but I could be wrong on this. I
could be really missing the missing the
point or something, but didn't they have
enough money left over from all the rest
of things they were doing to hire a
designer?
&gt;&gt; So, uh, I mean, I don't know if you're
getting at Sandy Monroe. Sandy Monroe is
a kind of a founding investor sort of
thing.
that Slate kind of spun out from Monroe
and Monroe
more or less gave them
&gt;&gt; millions in engineering help which is an
advantage most companies even large
companies try to avoid even though they
shouldn't. So, uh, but if the vehicle
costs more than 25,000 to make, you've
got to make changes. You've got to get
you've got to increase that scale
tremendously and quickly or you will be
gone.
&gt;&gt; So, it is unknown if they can make it.
The point I'm getting at here is that
they are getting crowded out in the low
end. If Tesla's going to try and make a
compact s uh pickup truck and they've
got to compete with the pricing of Ford
and cheaper options like TE and Slate
who may be intentionally losing money to
gain market share,
&gt;&gt; is that a market they really want to go
after when we already know the market is
pretty small?
&gt;&gt; Yeah. So once again, I I just I can't
get over the fact I mean, maybe the next
generation or the current generation of
people that are buying trucks don't care
what they look like. Um, but to me, the
fact that they hired Crayola uh and put
on these colors
really tells me what it looks like to
me, which is a toy. Now, if I've got a
practical application for it, let's say
I'm a electrician, I am a uh I do small
jobs. I'm a I'm a a handyman. You know,
I'm looking for a $25,000 truck that I'm
actually just going to use to haul stuff
around, but I don't have big stuff to
haul around. I got little stuff to haul
around. But we see these we see these
trucks with the with the various um uh
workers using them to get around. uh
lawn care people. Um and of course for
South America, for Central America, for
Mexico, probably some other countries as
well. I don't you've actually instructed
me a little on this earlier, I think, in
terms of these being used more in those
countries.
&gt;&gt; So all of those places maybe they'll get
enough volume, but I'm having a hard
time seeing this as be being the daily
driver
&gt;&gt; for
&gt;&gt; for many people.
&gt;&gt; For many people. Yeah. So, in Mexico
City, there are a lot of these compact
pickups like uh mini like uh what were
those? El Caminos, like mini modern
compact elamino type vehicles where the
roads aren't necessarily as big, where
the roads might be quite crowded. But
those are countries that are also late
to electrification. There aren't
necessarily good spots to put in
chargers. There isn't the best
electrical infrastructure to support a
high volume of vehicles, especially last
mile. If you could build all your
chargers next to the transformer, you
might have better luck. My concern is
that pickup truck sales generally are
bad uh for electric vehicles. It's just
not the right segment. Perhaps if your
range is limited by the aerodynamics,
which are insurmountable,
um you're going to have a tough cell.
Well, if they just made it normal
looking, they could sell more. Well,
Rivian shares fall after public offering
uh plan overshadows upbeat revenue
forecast. Now, I covered this in the
live show on Monday. The share price
really didn't fall as much as you think.
It was maybe down actually I think it
was down 13% that day. It has since
rebounded.
&gt;&gt; Uh the market absorbed that extra
billion and a half cash raise pretty
easily. Well, this is an $80,000 truck.
Uh, you might be able to get it a little
under 80 and it's much more conventional
looking and is frankly, at least to a
lot of people, quite beautiful. I mean,
this is kind of an obscene angle, I
realize now. But,
&gt;&gt; uh, but it is a great it is a good-look
truck. You can say, "Well, I don't like
the headlights."
&gt;&gt; Yeah,
&gt;&gt; that's literally the only complaint I've
heard. And when I'm in a car, I don't
know what my headlights look like,
&gt;&gt; right?
So, it's truck shaped. Why not good
sales for truckshaped truck? Because
there's more to it. There's a lot more
to it. The reality is it's just the high
cost that's getting them. And when
people have told me what I want, I just
want a small car. Everyone wants small
cars. Europe loves small cars. Europe
doesn't. Europe loves Model Y. And
unless you're calling that a small car,
only in the US have I heard the Model Y
referred to as a small car.
&gt;&gt; So the question, the reality is what
people want is cheap cars. And there was
a long time when small meant cheap. When
the cost of the car was primarily the
atoms in it when a small engine was much
cheaper to build than a big engine
because of the sheer atom count, the
shipping cost, all that. But now you've
got a base cost for what a car is. And
it's the computer, it's the airbags,
it's the crash crashworthiness.
Making a car crashworthy in a small car
is probably more expensive than in a big
car.
&gt;&gt; But I keep coming I keep coming back,
Brian, to all the practicalities aside.
Okay. Yeah, it could have this range or
that range. It could have this carrying
capacity or that carrying capacity. Most
people that are buying trucks in the
United States that create the truck
market
&gt;&gt; have never even carried their snowshoes
in the trunk. Okay. Or in the back in
the they're they're using it as a as a
lifestyle statement or a I'm really uh
big I'm a really big dude. I've got some
kind of envy problems going on. um
they're do they're not they're not
buying it for to get to to go to the
lumber yard and pick up a couple of
dozen sheets of plywood. Um and so these
trucks that were being shown don't don't
generate that kind of a look at
mentality
that I think most of these trucks are
being sold to accomplish. Whereas at
least this where at least the Cybert
truck
&gt;&gt; definitely had the look at me thing
going on and it might have been a little
too look at me during during the issu
during the times when Elon was uh under
the greatest fire. Um and I'm not sure
how much that dampened it probably
dampened sales a lot. Um and so will
will Tesla come back even with the
larger truck which is more competitive
in the look at me space? Um maybe we'll
see what happens over these next few
months as the as these roll out and uh
we get back to where there has to be a
decision made about whether the price
stays or or or is uh has to go back up
again.
&gt;&gt; Now earlier you had said I don't know
who this truck is for and I'll tell you
an ideal use case is parks and wreck
motorpool.
&gt;&gt; Okay. Because even at 150 miles of
range, you are not going 150 miles in a
day and it's cheaper than anything else
they could buy with some capability.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; The problem with that, the problem with
that and international sales to poorer
countries is they're not going to be
buying any of those accessories. They're
not going to be buying the wraps, the
custom light covers, any of that, which
is where their profit lies. You can't. I
mean, Motorpool's not going to pay them
to put retro8s vibes stripes on it.
That's ridiculous. If they're going to
do anything, they're just going to slap
a sticker on that says official use when
they get it. And if these are, you know,
the new Volkswagen Beetle kind of
utilitarian vehicle, uh, then I think
the aftermarket parts are going to be
cheaper, readily available, and provide
no margin at all to Slate. So, I'm I'm a
little worried about that. So my
question is, and this is how we'll wrap
it up, other than by saying, "What did
we miss? What do we misunderstand?"
Leave it in them comments below. Like
and subscribe. Like and subscribe to me
and subscribe to Randy as well. And uh
my question in conclusion is, do you
think Tesla will make a smaller pickup
or is the future sufficiently autonomous
that they're just not going to bother
with a whole new vehicle development,
which a shrunken down Cybert truck
definitely would be?
&gt;&gt; I think that this would be uh a very low
likelihood. I think there's other
vehicles that would come ahead of that
smaller truck. Again, you taught me
about the potential for selling, you
know, in other countries, but in the
United States, small trucks are just not
it. I agree. And the good news is we'll
have Slate to instruct and inform us.
We'll have TE and hopefully others uh to
test those waters and find out. And I've
also seen people say, well, what they
need to make is a work van. I go, it's a
very small market. They need I believe a
cyber SUV is much more likely at than
anything at this point. Uh because I
made a whole video about how they could
reduce costs. I think you remember that
video quite well. Uh I think you were
there for it and uh you know I would
love a van as well. I don't see it
coming. The market is too small. Vans no
longer Well, the you know the Yeah, but
the you know Aerostar sold millions.
Yes. And then they canceled it because
it stopped selling. And all many vans
have one by one been falling over the
past few years.
&gt;&gt; Well, lots of people lots of people used
to have as many kids as you, Brian.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; I mean, I had I had four. You had three.
&gt;&gt; What are you going to
&gt;&gt; Oh, you have four? I thought you had
three. Okay. So, you have four kids. I
had four. You need a minivan. I mean,
it's like, you know what? How you going
to get these folks around? But now
people have one kid or no kids, so you
don't need the minivan. Well, the three
row SUV is the answer. But, uh, minivans
fell out of favor because they had a
negative connotation. They're not sexy.
And I say, I mean, we had four kids. I
mean, you tell me. But, uh, so guys, uh,
leave your comments. Uh, hang out and
check out some more videos and see
what's going on.
Slate really wants to sell this truck in
slate gray for 250. Sorry. For 25
&gt;&gt; 25
&gt;&gt; 25,000