Channel:     jobhakdi
Title:       AI Compute Prices RISE: How SpaceX And Nebius Stocks Benefit
URL:         https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gBk7R0V1j-s
Published:   2026-09-15 19:31 UTC
Fetched:     2026-09-15 22:00 UTC

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

image here is a Blackwell 200.
It used to be the world's most advanced
AI chip until it was replaced by Vera
Rubin which is its successor also from
Nvidia. B200 in short is the chip that
represented a magic change for the
Hopper 100. And why is that important
for you and me to understand? Because
these chips are what powers the entire
global compute buildout. These chips ex
exactly this chip the B200 powers
probably most of your AI queries in
Grock in Chad GBT Sol and Astra in
Enthropic and Claude Opus and Fable 5.1
all the stuff you're doing and all the
stuff that all the other websites and
apps that are working for you every day
are doing do it through this chip. And
so this chip is very important as a
metric to understand what is really
going on in the world and how the
compute buildout,
how the utilization of AI actually looks
like. And we here at Pioneer Lens look
at the metrics behind what we see on the
surface every day on our phones and our
computers. We look behind the scenes to
see what is really going on in terms of
demand, supply, money, and we understand
how it impacts the world's greatest
stocks. And today we are going to talk
about Nvidia a little bit but more about
the Neoclouds like Nebus
and also some related stocks that have
become the frontier of the buildout for
these giant data centers that you
probably heard all about.
We see them now $15 billion announced in
Finland. A big buildout. We see the
fight in Texas over new lands being
permitted for buildouts. And these big
data centers are operated by people and
companies like Nebius that put these
chips by the thousands and tens of
thousands and hundreds of thousands into
these data centers.
And today's stream and video was
inspired by a post I read and then
reposted that gives us a direct insight,
a direct and deep insight into what is
actually going on in the world and with
the demand behind the scenes. And so
Blockspace
just showed this interesting thing. The
GPU rental prices are on the move. What
does it mean? It means that these chips
that I just showed you that they can be
rented out and you pay per hour. And
there's actually one amazing company
called OR. I think they were on the
Moonshots podcast recently, the founder,
young guy, very smart of course. And is
this new website that is very important
for you if you're interested in
economics and in stocks and in
civilization and the drivers behind our
civilization which is AI and AI prices
and AI economics. What ORR does, first
company ever to do that, they put the
GPU rental prices into a financial
marketplace where you can actually buy
and sell compute, not because you use
it, but because you are financial
trader, you're a financial market. And
they financialized
compute, which is very important for
many reasons. It helps build out data
centers faster. It secures Nvidia's
demand. All kinds of stuff. But we are
not talking about this today. I covered
this in a different video. We are
talking about the pricing in the
marketplace for compute
because this pricing in the actual
financial marketplace, how much you pay
for one hour of GPU usage
for different types of NVIDIA GPUs tells
us a ton about what is actually going on
on the ground in the real world with
compute demand. And with that it gives
us a direct peak view behind the scenes
of this entire global crazy AI buildout.
It tells us are we in a bubble? Are we
overbuilding capacity? Is there too much
supply of compute and is the demand
going down versus the supply or is it
the other way around?
And once we understand that and once we
understand what happens next, we can
predict and predict what happens to
stocks like Nebius, to stocks like
Nvidia and of course to the big one
stocks like SpaceX.
So I want to start with what we just
saw. If you look at the B200 pricing,
crazy starts in January because this
company is very new. No one did this
before. So this is a new thing that we
have a marketplace. But what you see is
this chip was launched in 2024. It
reached its peak in 2025 of buildout and
deployment.
And Blackwell is now being already
replaced with the next generation Vera
Rubin. Towards Q4 and end of this year,
Vera Rubin will become predominant. It's
still very supply constraint. So most
people still have to buy black wells.
But Elon, SpaceX and other people
already get their hands on Vera Rubin.
In 2027, Vera Rubin will be the
predominant chip in terms of new
installments,
new installations. But B200 is right now
the main chip. But what you see here is
for B200, the price is absolutely
exploding.
And you have to understand this happens,
this explosion of price from in January
of this year, $4 per hour usage. It's
literally means $4. You pay $4, you get
it for one hour at least in the big
hyperscalers in the big neoclouds.
That's what they're tracking.
The price has risen from January 18th
from $422 per hour to now $719.
It has nearly doubled 80% up
just this year in 8 months. 9 months.
Eight months. Eight and a half months.
Oh, it's No, it's just eight months.
Within eight months, three quarters of a
year, the price has gone up 80%.
Not just that, the price has gone up for
that cutting edge B200 chip 80% in 8
months while buildout has exploded.
Supply of this chip, supply of global
compute has exploded upwards in these
eight months. And still the price has
risen 80%.
Why would the price raise 80% while
supply of compute explodes?
Because demand explodes even faster.
And now I want to dig into something
different. I want to dig into a
different chip. I want to dig into a
chip that is much more boring.
And that is the H100 hopper chip. As you
see, it's much cheaper, $275 compared to
$7 something for the Blackwell. That is
because H100s are two generations behind
Blackwell. These things are in use now
for over six years.
For over six years
and they're very old. And the
interesting thing is when you look at
the books, the balance sheets, the capex
depreciation tables of the hyperscalers
of Google, of Oracle, of Meta, of
SpaceX, of Tesla.
When you look at the depreciation
tables, this chip is assumed to be worth
nothing.
It depreciates within five years from
full price to zero in the books. Which
means the companies assume when they buy
an H100 chip in 2020 that it's worth
nothing now because it can't be used
anymore. But what happens with these old
compute and GPU chips?
Not only can they still be used and
still make some money, they make more
money than ever before.
And why would an old chip make more
money than ever before? Because demand
is higher than ever before. despite a
massive buildout of compute.
And so the H100 SXM chip price might be
even more significant than the Blackwell
price of the newer chips. The H200 is
also up by the way since June. This this
is very new that they track this one.
That's just the generation after the
H100. It's of course more expensive.
It's twice as powerful. But you see the
trend. All of these chips, including the
completely outdated chips, are going up.
And that means
without a doubt, this is not
speculation. These are financial spot
prices for compute that the demand is
going up and up and up.
Now that is for many many reasons. We
have agentic systems now. We have
anthropic and fable reasoning systems.
was the first big wave last year that
absolutely exploded demand per user and
search upwards. Now we have the next
huge huge wave this year with open claw
and now Grockbot and all these other
bots out there where we not just have
reasoning systems but also agentic
systems where all these little agents do
the work for us and all of that drives
up compute like crazy.
Okay, Jo Jonah Lupton makes some jokes
here about of course the famous Michael
Bur, the big short guy uh who said GPUs
would be worthless after a few years.
Michael Bur famously had the short
thesis that people say they can be used
for 5 to six years when in reality they
can only be used for three to four
years. Turns out they can be used for
seven to 10 years, which is very
important because if you take the chip
costs and you divide it by the
depreciation years, that gives you the
loss per year that you have to write
down.
And if Michael Bur would have been
right, the actual earnings of Google, of
Microsoft, and of Meta would have been
much lower than they reported. But since
he is actually wrong, the earnings are
probably much higher than reported,
which means the stocks are even more
undervalued than the price earnings and
forward price earnings ratios imply.
So what did I say about it? I will do
this and then we can get into the stocks
and why this is so important. I made a
post on X about that that is also part
now of Pioneerlands. Go to
pioneerlands.org.
pioneerlands.org
By the way, we have a weekly brief, a
new format for you guys where you get
the cutting edge news on Pioneer Lens.
You see the Cyber Cap tracker. Of
course, you need the SpaceX trackers.
You see when the shares unlock, you can
take a look on paneer lens.org, but you
also see the breaking news here that are
constantly updated. This latest one is
not there yet, but it's coming probably
the next hour. Uh, you have the Pioneer
Brief report on the most important
things. what open eyes Astra mean for
the age of AGI for example so we keep
you up to date here on the most
important things every single week
but back to my post what happened here
is this let me explain what I see
happening over the next year and why
this is so important
compute demand continues to explode as
we just explained
the Nvidia Blackwell 200 compute prices
the gold standard in global compute
right now are up 21%
just in the last month.
I'm not surprised. Look at Fable, Astra,
Rockbot. AI continues to accelerate and
is at the brink of a major economic
utility breakthrough. This is the
important thing of my post.
We see compute demand rising rapidly,
dragging up the price despite an
explosion in supply. Supply explodes,
but still lags behind the even greater
explosion of demand. People use AI all
over the place, but
AI right now is only useful for the
geeks. It's useful for me. It's useful
for Herbert. It's useful for Elon. It's
useful for other people.
But we are just a tiny little fraction
of the developed world.
95%
of companies and people, maybe even 96
or 97% of companies and people right now
don't use AI in any meaningful way. I
use it every day like crazy. I have the
biggest subscriptions for Grock, for
Anthropic, and for OpenAI
and for lovable and for drought near so
I use it like crazy. But I'm not
representative right now. The vast
majority of people do not spend
thousands of dollars or euros per month
on AI.
Some spend millions, some spend hundreds
of millions, but there are exceptions.
That is going to change very soon. That
is my prediction. What I mean by this is
the vast majority of businesses and
inves are not even close to consuming
any meaningful demand and amount of AI
because they don't know what to do with
it. At the moment where a breakthrough
product appears that has obvious and
undeniable broad business and
application value, this changes rapidly.
Okay, it's just too complicated right
now. But once a business guy can log in
and say, "Grockbot, solve my financial
accounting problems. Grockbboard do my
taxes or fable run my marketing campaign
and it actually works. That's the point
in time where we see massive explosion
of adoption.
So Astra, Fable and Grockbot are nearly
there.
They are nearly at this point where this
works nearly but they are not there yet.
But I see how it improves. It's
extremely close. It might be there in
the next six months on a very broad
scale
and they are there in different ways by
the way which makes it even more
interesting. Grockbot is not as smart as
Fable and Astra but it's more capable
because of the way it's designed. But
that means now Fable and Astra can copy
the logic of Grockbot and put superior
intelligence in there. While Grockbot
actually will see Grock 50 coming out
very soon, which is then as smart as
Fable Industrial so they can learn from
each other.
And so I'm very sure that in the next
six to nine months a broad breakthrough
happens and adoption will increase by
many magnitudes
and that's probably already happening
but it will keep happening
on a small scale. This is already
happening indicated by the compute price
increase but we will we have nothing
seen yet. What I want to say with this
these price increases and forgive me if
I'm too geeky today but you have to
understand these price increases this
means something this is the most
meaningful chart in AI the fact that
even H100s are going up in price that
reflects the entire world the entire
usage the entire bottom line net effect
of supply explosion and demand explosion
how they actually balance out
and that demand still outstrips the ly
explosion
even though we haven't reached that
tipping point yet. You can imagine what
happens to this once we actually hit
these inflection points of utility of
econom of economic utility and I can
already see this is going to happen in
the next 6 to9 months and then this
curve goes even higher.
Now what does it mean for stocks?
There is a class of stocks I want to
talk about today very briefly. We are
not going to go into too many details of
course but there is a class of stocks
and that is the Neo clouds
and you see it here. This is a little
article completely random. I don't even
know what that is that looks a little
Canadian but they wrote a nice article.
The fastest growing AI stock looks like
a brilliant buy. It's also an Nvidia
investment and they're talking about
Nebus. So, Nebius,
here you see the stock. Uh, and that's
not an endorsement of Nebius. I'm just
showing you that of course today it
suffers from the little AI scare,
but it is up 147%
year to date. It is up
127% one year. So, it's not that up that
much compared to Micron or some memory
stocks, but it's up quite a bit.
207. Not too bad. At the Ashen Brena
debacle July 31st, it was all the way
down. That's where I actually bought
some of it. Uh
was down to 140. I didn't buy it at 148.
That's crazy. I bought it at 180 or
something. 175.
Wow. Uh this stock is one of the new
class of stocks that are called the
Neoclouds. And the Neoclouds, think of
it like this. Think data center
buildout. Think the people who provide
the new compute. How are they different
from hyperscalers, from Oracle, from
Google and Microsoft,
from Meta and from SpaceX like the
people who are super big who built out
these giant data centers. While the
neoclouds are solely focused on GPUs,
they're solely focused on AI. Whereas
the hyperscalers like Amazon the biggest
one AWS has all kinds of compute they
have mostly GPU CPUs right for your
everyday SAS systems you can go in AWS
and rent compute all day long and then
they're adding now AI compute
but these neo clouds they I they
understood that
AI is the big deal you don't need other
clouds you just need AI compute and so
they're laser They're focused on just
building out AI compute which gives them
a bunch of advantages. They are faster,
they are cheaper, they're all kinds of
things because they can focus their
entire capability on just building GPU
clusters. Whereas them hyperscalers do
all kinds of stuff. They service the
entire world, the entire compute demand,
mostly CPUs and now adding GPUs which
makes it more complicated business, more
clunky, a little more expensive, a
little less effective, just scale. And
so these people of course are at the eye
of the storm of this whole compute
buildout and they are the main
beneficiaries from what is to come but
they are also the main beneficiaries
from these prices. So in my opinion you
will see these stocks long-term
correlated with these prices. As long as
this goes up and even if this doesn't go
up then probably the B200 goes up. As
long as these things go up, the Neo
clouds will go up too because these
compute curves indicate is there a
problem in supply and as long as there's
a problem in supply, these neoclouds
will win. And so in a way that's why I
wanted to present you guys with that
curve here. That is the secret behind
the entire AI buildout. You have to
watch this curve. As long as this goes
up, it means demand outstrips supply.
Nothing is as clean as the compute cost
curve.
Now, if all of this is true, you know
what happens? You know what happens and
I'm talking about this regularly here.
SpaceX is the one company that is
destined to be the ultimate winner of
that compute buildout problem because
SpaceX is the only company today of
course down a little bit. SpaceX is the
only company here you have that stock
but it's at a crazy $ 1.95 trillion
market cap. are not the cheapest.
Uh SpaceX is the only company that can
actually provide infinity compute built
out. And why can it do that? Because
they have something called Starship
on pinion.org. We are counting down
every Starship launch because these are
experimental launches. And what you see
here in seven days, we will have the
next Starship launch. And Elon already
has said he believes that by next year
Starship will be fully reusable. That is
the breakthrough moment where the built
out in space becomes cheaper than the
build out on Earth. And they're building
AI satellites and these AI satellites
will absolutely transform the entire way
we are building more compute.
Now will this actually solve the
problem? I don't think so. I don't think
supply will then outstrip demand because
demand will keep rising like crazy.
There is no limit to it. But here you
see the AI satellite. This might be the
most important technology
in a very long time developed because
that will transform
the AI buildout. Put it into space. Does
it mean Nebas is screwed? Does it mean
all these Neoclouds are screwed?
Probably not because you still will need
these companies to sell it. you know,
they probably can buy these satellites.
It depends on SpaceX's business model. I
don't think SpaceX necessarily wants to
become a Neocloud. So maybe they just,
you know, sell these things to them and
then Nebas and the others
actually core you know the whole crowd
they are selling these
but that is the reason why SpaceX has so
much potential because of these curves
that we have seen. So there's a long
video on X, you can actually see that
uh where they talk about this
that they talk about these very cool
satellites
that's already a few months old here,
but it's extremely cool what they're
building here, these satellites. So
the strategic macro view on this whole
field is as long as we see demand
outstrip supply the entire trade in AI
in N in N in N in N in N in N in N in N
in N in N in Nvidia in memory in the NEO
clouds and everything is intact and my
prediction is this is not going to end
it's going to instead
explode further up. Let's see what the
chat says. Today we have to talk about
AI and these things. We can't talk about
Tesla all the time, but we have two hot
Tesla takes coming up in the next two
days. We will talk about the Tesla Semi
versus Cyber Cap and what's actually
happening there. This is coming out. Let
me think. Maybe tomorrow or on Thursday.
I have to decide. This will not be a
live stream. We prepared a very nice
video where I go into the actual Tesla
Semi situation
and explain what it has to do with
CyberCap and why Cyber Cap stops the
scaling of Semi and why this is a good
thing for Tesla stock. You will see it
very soon. And another video we already
producing as we speak
is the secret behind Tesla terafab Tesla
SpaceX terap and why this thing is
something very different. It is not a
chip factory. It is something totally
different and I will explain that we
have a little scoop there.
Okay, let's go into the questions.
We have Jaden Boft.
Continue amazing work. I love what
you're doing from New Zealand. Oh, wow.
Hi to New Zealand. That's amazing. Also,
what would be some of your top stocks to
invest other than Tesla and SpaceX? AMD,
Palanteer, any smaller companies? Well,
Nabius is not a bad choice.
Uh, and I'm always looking at
Micron. I'm actually in Micron right
now. What is Micron doing today?
Not great, not bad. Oh, we just closed
the market. Uh, I'm in Nvidia. I'm in
Micron
with Pioneer Alpha. Nebas is not This
could be a little lower. Let's see what
happens. Um,
and Tesla, of course. I mean, Tesla is
just the best thing right now. This is
ridiculous. Oh, it dropped all the way
to 300.
What? What was that? 54. Ridiculous.
This is a goodbye.
Uh, Digital Blade says, "Howdy, Joe and
everyone. Howdy back."
Tristan Brown says, "Hi, Joe. It's me
again from Texas." Howdy to Texas. Is
Digital Blades? No, Digital Blade from
Canada or California. What does CA mean?
California or Canada? Digital Blade. Um,
can't wait for all of you have to say
today. Did you watch Elon, Gwen, and
separately Jensen and Satia at the
All-In Summit? Great interviews mostly.
Yes. Hit the like. Y'all
Yes. Hit the Y. Hit the like. Y.
Yes, I saw them. Of course. Great
interviews. In fact, uh,
Densen got called by Trump on stage.
That was funny.
I've hearing more and more about Nebius.
I wonder if it's a good medium or
long-term investment. I think Nebas is
pretty hot. Uh if you're not sure
between coreweave, Nebas and the other
Neo clouds, you can always build a
basket and just distribute like bet on
the neoclouds in total. I think they are
looking pretty good. We can take a
deeper dive maybe.
Um
AI stole Joe's job. Did it? I hope not.
Greetings from the Republic of Cyprus
from Antricum Mazou. Currently selling
TSL and PH naked puts on a weekly
monthly basis to supplement my core
Tesla position. Nice. Could you offer
advice pretty please? Uh
the options academy also on Pioneer
Lands here in the Pioneer Academy.
There's an options academy coming. I'm I
have it all prepared. I'm just
I am currently not getting to it because
of the pioneer bonds. But uh here we
will have the options academy coming
soon where I'm talking about all about
the I will have like little courses just
the lean straightforward courses. Go to
pineelance.org to see the stuff uh where
I explain
how you do short put selling also short
call selling. Uh, and I like Yeah.
selling them naked. You know what that
means? I'm not talking about ourselves.
I'm talking about you. Naked selling
means there's no coverage. Uh, vertical
spreads, of course, a little bit to
control the margin.
But that is a very good way of doing
things. You just have to uh always
adjust your risk. By the way, today a
dark a little not super dark day, but
it's definitely some pressure on the
market. Not just Tesla and SpaceX, the
entire market. Look at this. We see here
the NASDAQ down.78%.
Why is that? We have the Fed meeting in
full swing. Tomorrow we'll hear more
about Fed rate hike. Risk in my opinion
not super high. Uh because it's already
baked in. The market has a 90%
expectation. We see a rate hike. So if
it happens, not the worst. If it doesn't
happen, it's probably bullish. I think
what hap what matters is what WSH the
Fed chair will say. You know how it is.
The market's always nervous. If he says
anything stupid, we are screwed.
Uh street credit zero is back.
Best day of options trading yet. I've
had larger profits with a stock swing
trade day. Those profits are huge, but
not often. But today I got to 220% of my
bullcase go. Very nice.
When my dad got Vy Cal spreadsheet on
our Apple 2 Plus in the early 80s, he
could see all the financial tracking
calculation he could do with it. I think
we are now as far away now as far away
from AI potential. We as far away from
AI potential today as the text only
adventure games are from AAA video games
of 2026.
Do you mean in terms of time or in terms
of potential?
Uh, hi Joe. Do you think SpaceX stock
goes up after merger with Tesla
announcement? SpaceX stock.
Uh I think Tesla stock is going to go up
much more. I think SpaceX stock will
bear the brunt of the burden. So it's
hard to tell what SpaceX is going to do.
Uh Tristan Brown, where in Texas did you
live? I was in Houston for nine years.
We have Dal Vargas. Greetings Joe from
Barcelona. We have New Zealand. We have
California, we have Texas, we have the
entire world here. Burning the late
night oil not to miss on my Pioneer
Alpha learning lesson. Beautiful.
Greetings to Baralona.
Thank you as always for the excellent
analysis. Can't wait for the terap vid.
This is going to be hot. My terra vit.
Uh Kazafis Fortworth says always enjoy
your valuable perspective. Thank you
uh for you. I think Herbert really
benefits when he has you on as his
guest. Also, just like AFD, Vox is
tearing it up here in Spain. Another
geopolitical shift. I don't know what
Vox how good Vox is performing, but
I would have to look into Spain. Spain
seems to have a lot of problems, but I
just see it from far away.
RW Hirsch, if AIS is any good, it seems
like it could devise an options
investment strategy
that works for conservative gains.
Yeah,
I mean, Robin Hood, I don't I have never
tried the AI stuff. I don't have Robin
Hood here, but Robin Hood has these
agentic trading systems. It sounds a
little scary, but uh you can look into
that RW hir. Uh it's not hard nowadays
to get your hands on some AI trading and
see what it does for you. I don't know
how you actually talk to these things
uh for trading. I do my own trading. So
uh I would not trust AI right now,
but I you know my trading is good doing
pretty well. I have high confidence in
the Pioneer Alpha strategy. Of course in
times like this it's not that I'm
printing endless amounts of money right
now. Uh, also I have to wait since what
July. It's like insane the these delays.
But it's all for a good cause. We are
turning Pioneer Alpha Institutional. The
Pioneer Bonds look very good. It's just
a little exhausting to go through the
entire thing. I thought we would be
faster, but with a little bit of luck,
we are up and running in September. I'm
now I don't want to jinx it. And once
the Pioneer bonds are up and Pioneer
Alpha becomes a real institutional
option, I think it's going to be a lot
of fun for a lot of people.
Let's see because Pine Alpha
is a very good strategy that I have
stress tested and developed now over
nearly three years with my own money. I
can't wait. Street Crate Zero says AI
potential. I mean, the AI applications
are going to be as mind-blowingly
fantastical as gamers with textbased 80s
games would find AAA games in 2026.
Yes, the question is when, but I think
very soon.
Uh, to RW Hirs Street Zero says, I've
already devised an options investment
income strategy that works for
conservative gains.
You mean a strategy for yourself or an
AI based strategy?
I mean basically my you know how I do
it. I'm a little old school. I'm looking
at a bunch a small number of stocks
right now. My top stocks are Tesla,
SpaceX,
Micron, and Nvidia. Robin Hood. I'm not
really actively trading in Micro
Strategy. I'm just have them and they're
paying off pretty nicely right now. Uh
but my core stocks Tesla, SpaceX,
Nvidia, and Micron with a focus on total
focus on Tesla, second focus on SpaceX.
The other two are more supplemental. Uh
that's what I'm sharing with you every
day, nearly every day. Uh I'm kind of
predicting what they do. And the trick
with these short, if you have a good
short options short selling strategy, is
you don't need to be super right all the
time. You just need to be directionally
right most of the time. Not even that,
just very crudely directly right most of
the time. And you always make money and
you just have to avoid being very wrong
sometimes
because that hurts you.
I've devised a strategy with which is in
implementable humans and AI both.
Interesting.
What is the strategy secret zero? What
is the high level strategy?
tell us
uh what else is happening today.
Um
what is happening today?
This is also very important.
Uh, Space X,
of course, there's a big discussion here
by everyone. There's an unseen hand
pushing AI safety as a political
ideology. Effective altruists believe in
a tiny group of technocrats should
decide how much technological progress
the rest of us are allowed to have and
how many shrimp your life is worth.
You're witnessing the attempted coup.
I mean there will be no limit to
the amount of propaganda from all sides
and all kinds of dubious players from of
course effective altruists to certain
political parties to
uh regulatory mode capture people like
this will be an age of chaos.
I will hold a little uh speech soon at
the university
in Talin by the way in Estonia
um about the age of pioneers, the age of
AGI and the age of chaos which will be
the same age which is the age we live in
now and I will elaborate on what will be
happening in the next three years
because these will be the craziest three
years we have we have experienced so
far. There will be giant amounts of
chaos, giant amounts of opportunities
and giant amounts of risk. All of this
together.
And in this time, it's very important to
understand what is actually important
and what we focus on. Of course, it has
to do with investing, predicting the
future and quantifying it. It has to do
with reality engineering, which also has
a lot to do with investing and capital
allocation, but more than that, and it
will be very interesting. Let's see how
it goes.
Hereos,
do you think SpaceX stock goes up after
Murder with Tesla announcement? I'm not
sure. Tesla will go up more than SpaceX
in my opinion.
Oh, here. Street crate zero.
Uh
here two tiers 45 day option shorting
exit before gamma is fierce on top of
that use certain indicators to time
entries to maximize scalping. It's very
dependable and it becomes regression
domain. Uh well what uh what stocks is
it just stock agnostic or does it
require stock insights? explain more
about the underlying.
Does your strategy involve a Delorean
time machine? If you have a Delorean
time machine, you could be very rich.
Uh you don't have to predict the future
other than picking good stocks. Well,
that is predicting the future a little
bit.
Today, we have to keep it short. By the
way,
what is keeping SpaceX from climbing?
Well, we have to understand SpaceX. I
was very bullish on SpaceX, by the way,
after these unlocks didn't drop it too
much. I think SpaceX is strong. What we
don't know about SpaceX is where the
ceiling is and we might be at the
ceiling because two trillion is actually
a lot. So, I said to everyone, I think
135 is too cheap because no one is going
to sell under the IPO price of these new
unlocks. So I think it's a very robust
floor and I'm pretty bullish
uh that 135 cannot be broken through to
the downside anytime soon. We have seen
that in the dynamic unless you have an
ashen Brena disaster like this one
uh August. Where was August? Oh this
thing didn't even
No, July. What is July? Where is this?
When was July? It was also yeah it was
at the lower July the Ashen Brena day.
Uh so I'm pretty sure it's a very good
buy at 135 or anytime below 140. What I
didn't know is how high can this go? And
the problem is I think not much higher.
So I think SpaceX is damned to stay in a
certain channel maybe between 135
and 150 it seems. On the upside I'm
totally not sure. We have to see price
discovery by the market. I think this
thing is a little overvalued like two
trillion is just a little high. They
have to deliver some stuff because every
time I we run any kind of model and see
billions of cash flow coming in, it
still doesn't move the needle if it's
two trillion. So maybe two trillion,
maybe two trillion is the number. So
under 150 and that would mean we stay in
this channel. Let's see how it behaves.
But I would become more comfortable also
selling short calls on this whole stock
at the unlocks. I just didn't know where
the ceiling is. But the ceiling might be
right here
at 150
here. Street Zero still use the Joe Bi
SpaceX channel to print money. Well,
technically it wasn't a channel street
zero. It was a floor where I said like
under 135 sell the hill short puts out
of it. I didn't sell calls yet, but I'm
getting
I'm getting greedy on short calls. And I
think the ideal entry point for short
calls are actually these unlocks. That's
why I'm tracking this. I'm tracking for
you guys, but I'm also tracking for me.
Like this whole unlock tracker here.
Maybe that's more complicated to
understand. But in 9 days, another 328
million shares unlocked, 15% a float.
You see this all here? And that's very
nice, right? If we had around 150, I
would now actively consider selling
calls short-term, very tactly, not 45
days, more like less than 5 days, like
weeklies because uh it seems to struggle
around 150. And if then selling pressure
comes in, boom. And then betting on a
channel between 135 on the downside and
150 on the upside could be very, very
productive.
How is robo taxi not completely baked
into the pre present price for years to
come? Isn't optimist revenue necessary?
No,
absolutely not.
Very simple math.
A 100,000 cyber caps or robo taxis
roughly double Tesla's free cash flow
every 100,000. 1 million robo taxis make
50 billion in earnings. Tesla is
currently at 1.2 trillion. 1.1 trillion.
That's nuts. So with a million robo
taxis, Tesla would have a price earnings
ratio.
Let that sink in. It would have a price
earnings ratio of 20.
Hello. It would have a price earnings
ratio of 20 and grow 100% a year. Can
you even imagine? Like
if we have 50 billion in earnings
that should that thing should be 5x
higher at a minimum
maybe 10x. So then you are at 3,000
between $1,500 and $3,000 per share at a
million robo taxis. It's absolutely not
priced in these things print ridiculous
amounts of money between 30 and 50
billion in earnings.
at a million robot taxis.
Uh so three cat zero, I've been selling
shorting tons of calls on SpaceX.
Um yeah, maybe you were a little ahead
of me. I was a little more cautious
because they will have announcement, but
the announcement didn't move the needle
much on SpaceX, which means time to sell
some calls probably.
Johnny Q West. Well, you have to join
the Pioneer Academy once we have these
options. But we have that. We I promise
we have it this weekend. Okay, I make a
commitment now. This weekend in the
Pioneer Academy,
Johnny Q West, you will get the options
courses. Five options courses with
sizing, short selling, all this kind of
stuff will be in the academy here. You
see, we make this happen. And you can
already see the Tesla stock model here
in the academy. We have the options
then.
Okay.
Tesla doing very weak today.
Not very weak, but I'm not excited about
this stuff. Only that I'm greedy. I
think the market is incredibly scared.
Let's we can also see in pine lens by
the way in pine brief we always have
this little indicator you see the fear
and greed indicator here uh based on the
CNN fear and greed indicator and it's
pretty bad people are very scared 29
fear that is pretty bad what is the
latest let's see greed and fear
index
boom home 29.
So Pioneer Lens depicts that accurately.
So here you see the fear and greed
index. I mean it's as bad as it gets. I
mean not really but it's extreme fear
market momentum. This is all pretty
bullish. I mean it can always go more
down but of course this is more bullish
than bearish. Fear is good.
And uh
you know energy shock you probably have
seen that the energy prices are looking
bad
and that is all a little bit
of a tactical problem. But the more
fearful people are the more greedy you
should get. I mean this is not new
oil
106
keeps going up. What about the bonds?
It's not that bad. I mean it's bad but
uh yeah I mean energy is probably the
biggest problem.
Saudi pipeline closure is a brief
interruption that will last days.
Okay, very good.
Okay, guys, we have to wrap it up for
today. Time to
do what I have to do.
Um, do you think Roadster announcement
can also heat up merger talks? No, I
think this is more like a little bit
uh of just a entertainment show. I think
the PR message is the point of the
Roadster show. I think it's just I don't
even know what the point is of the
Roadster show.
But
let's see. Okay guys, let's wrap it up
for today. Tomorrow we have probably the
semi secret Tesla semi and versus cyber
cap. We'll cover that. And uh other than
that, let's see what the Fed says.
That's going to be an interesting
event tomorrow and then we go from
there. Thank you so much for tuning in
and see