Channel:     futureaza
Title:       Tesla Market Share Booms, CN EV Exports hit Record High, Competition Stewing, & a DOZEN more stories
URL:         https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZdH8Mtavzsk
Published:   2026-04-13 05:13 UTC
Fetched:     2026-04-13 22:00 UTC

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

April 13th, news time. We've got more
than a dozen stories to cover. We always
do. Uh for those of you just tuning in
for the first time, the idea is I get
through the news as quick as I can. And
at the end, there's Q&amp;A. So, get your
Q's in for the A's. We shall cover
those. It'll be a lot of fun. And uh
there's a poll running. Where you from?
Where you watching this from right now?
Lots of great answers already. Hey,
should we do this? Tesla US sales tanked
in Q1, but it gained market share. This
is something I cautioned of uh prior to
the election that uh the having a
administration hostile to EVs would
result in lower EV sales and it has uh
but many pointed out correctly that
Tesla would be the largest beneficiary
of the sales remaining. That is true. Uh
but uh number one in a smaller race is
not as exciting. In the first quarter,
Tesla sales plummeted, marking its third
straight year of Q1 declines, lower than
last year when retooling was underway.
Last time Tesla's Q1 and fullear sales
in America grew was in 2023. Barring a
few exceptions, it's been mostly
downhill ever since. Of course, we're
looking at a shift to autonomy, but hey,
uh, it ain't here quite yet. Texas-based
automaker sold 117,000 units in the
first three months of the year,
representing its lowest quarterly sales.
The rest of the market is falling even
harder. I don't think that's a surprise.
I think you guys probably know that
part. Uh the expiration federal tax
credits did not help. Of course, they
didn't. In other markets, oil price
shock drives 140% surge in China's EV
exports. record high Q1 always the
softest in China biggest quarter ever.
Chinese EVs uh s soared by 140% to a
record high in March as fuel price shock
drove consumers back to EVs. China
exported as many as 349,000
vehicles last month. A record high
number for any month ever according to
data from Bloomberg. Drivers in Asia
Pacific, Europe, and the US started
searching for EVs and hybrids uh among
soaring fuel prices following the war in
the Middle East. The conflict has
trapped more than 10 million barrels per
day of crude supply at the straight of
Hormuz and hiked international prices to
100 a barrel and above, up from 70. Very
frustrating stuff to hear. EV truck
sales in the US according to the same uh
Cox News survey.
Cybertruck number one though down 45%.
F-150 Lightning second place though
discontinued. Rivian R1T not great.
Silverado real bad. GMC Sierra up 3% on
not very many units. So, what we're
hearing is that uh despite the entire
market contracting, Tesla's number one.
Again,
I would put more I I'd rather be in
third place in the Olympics than first
place in the, you know,
other Olympics. Uh yeah, so that's
great. Hey, some big news today. Is it
that? I don't think it is. Is it that? I
feel like we're getting closer. First
ultimate FSD stress test in Amsterdam.
Yesterday, I immediately decided to go
on a stress test because it has been
approved in the Netherlands. This is
never going to happen. Europe will never
approve such a system.
I mean, they have it's uh happened. So,
that's great. And this means the door is
open.
Dutch Vehicle Authority RDW has notified
the European Commission of its plan to
seek Europeanwide Union approval. Uh
European Unionwide approval. So next
step, all member states vote. Approval
requires a majority of votes within the
responsible committee. RDW often sets
the standards that influences almost all
of Europe. So if the vote passes, we
should expect countries outside the EU
to approve it as well. So, here we are.
RDW submits the application for
permission across the entire European
Union. All member states vote. Approval
requires a majority of votes within the
responsible committee. Hopefully, this
isn't like when you're going for the
gold and the East German judge gives you
a 3.4. Come on, we can do better than
that. So, that's very exciting. And to
the people who said it would never
happen, I would invite you to Seattle
where we have a wonderful uh fast food
chain called Dicks Drive-In where you
can eat a bag of it. That's a good idea,
I think. Hey, a study quantifies how
much the dealership model costs
customers. And it ain't pretty.
Well, that's surprising.
If you've ever bought a car from a
dealership, you know that the experience
can be unpleasant and expensive. Well,
I'm a very good negotiator. Most people
believe that's true. Half are wrong.
It's probably more than half. Half get a
below average deal. I know if you ask
them, they will tell you. The survey
would say most got a good deal. So, what
they're really good at is convincing you
that overpaying is a good deal. Unlike
most consumer goods, car buying usually
means working with a franchise
dealership, a middleman enshrined by
laws in most states. Franchise dealers
haven't exactly built a reputation for
honesty and transparency, making carbine
more of a headache than it needs to be.
New study claims it's also costing you
between 3,900 and 4,900 extra.
These are things like surplus uh
overhead. These are inefficiencies in
the model. These are pure markup. Uh so
yeah, they have uh carrying cost of
maintaining inventory which could add a
thousand bucks to the cost of the
vehicle. Floor plan interest rates of
nine 6 to9% nice. Uh another 1,600 with
helping to move that inventory which
isn't always keyed to customer demand.
While overhead for a facility and staff
adds 1,200 to,900 in what studies
authors have deemed avoidable costs.
Yeah, you're still going to have costs.
Doesn't mean doesn't mean you're
operating in the most efficient way
possible. So, that's, you know, uh,
terrible and needs to I'm not saying get
rid of all dealerships. I'm saying give
us an option because I ain't going back.
Hey, how's the stock doing? I don't
cover the stock all that much, but I do
cover it periodically. Uh, up a a
smidge. Not exciting. The five-day trend
up a smidge. The one month not great,
down 10%. Six month down 20. Year-to
date down 20. One year, uh, 39 53 up.
And of course, the 5-year a bit more
exciting. I do get people all the time
in the comments saying, "Well, I bought
the stock and I'm down." I I don't know
what to tell you. Stocks go up and
stocks go down. It's all about
understanding opportunity and
recognizing it. I have an opportunity.
I'm going to the Tesla diner, probably
leaving tomorrow. So, I'm recording like
crazy today to cover the gap a bit, but
I am going to be stopping at the Leup
factory on the way to get a tour of the
mega pack operations. But join me uh
Saturday. Oh, I think tickets are sold
out. Ah, I don't know. You can check
Tesla Club LA, but I think it's Yeah,
registration is closed. If you're going,
don't forget to go. Turn off my heater
here. Don't forget to go. Uh, but you
know, if you're somewhere between uh the
Northwest and uh and Los Angeles along
I5, maybe let me know. Maybe we can meet
up at a charger or something. Say hello.
And if you're really looking for some
fun uh when I get back, I'm going to be
speaking at the uh it's here somewhere.
I think I went too far. I'm going to be
speaking at the the uh event, the big uh
drive electric event in Portland on the
26th. I'll be discussing semis. I'll be
discussing Cyber Caps, two different
presentations, although it would be fun
if it was all jammed into one. Alpine
Electric, Electric Alpine A110 versus
the Porsche. Well, US specs. This is
such a beautiful machine. And of course,
it is because that's not what it looks
like. It's a Renault offshoot. Really
cool vehicle. Don't get too excited. It
actually looks like this. still very
cool. But uh I think we can I think we
can agree that that Oh, I see. Is it Is
it the one in the back? I get it. H
Well, fine. And the idea is that it's
just a little compact sports sports
vehicle. Looks like it's got a mega
casting in the back. That's great. Uh so
uh getting on to the rest of the news,
we are doing great on time. Just about
on track. Honda's cutest EV also has
simulated gear shifting. Why? Why?
Little K car out of Japan. Still 100
miles of rangeish is what you would
expect on the EPA cycle. CLTC is more
like 130. Not likely to come to North
America for that very reason. And it's
$27,000.
Ah, that's a lot of money for not a lot
of car. I don't know, man. It's cute.
It's not for me. Uh I would need it to
be of that price. Okay. And ch and
Honda's also said we don't have a
chance. Honda reacts to China supplier
strength. Oh my goodness. The reality is
the Chinese supply line is dialed in.
It's efficient. It's short. It's
affordable. It's uh everything you would
want a supply line to be with some I
mean there's always room for improvement
and the Chinese are absolutely working
on it. But Honda has said this mirrors
the sentiment from Toyota that we saw
last week. Toyota saying, "We're in
trouble, guys. We are not doing great."
How this startup built an electric semi
faster than Tesla. Windrose electric. Oh
my gosh, they clearly stole it from
Tesla. Uh, I mean, not really. It is
different. It is a different truck. I
will be doing an in-depth dive on that
with Mark from the Tesla Life later this
week. But there are some advantages and
what it appears to be the long and short
of it is uh Cascadia you know e Cascadia
from Freightlininer the Volvo all the
legacy guys appear to be competing with
each other where Windrose appears to be
competing with Tesla and that is a
problem for the legacy guys big time. We
got it wrong. ID3 and 4 will be replaced
by true Volkswagens. Oh thank goodness.
a true Volkswagen. That's what I've been
waiting for. It's a midcycle refresh.
There's not a lot going on. When you get
in the car, you're going to you
immediately see where things are not
working. It was clear to me that we
actually were losing our core. What
Volkswagen really stands for. The
special Volkswagen feeling for
customers, for fans, and for our teams.
What are you talking about, man? It's a
midcycle refresh. Kia delays launch of
software focused cars. Unveils big hike
to investment plans. So, this is a bit
of good news, bad news. The bad news is,
look, we are not software focused yet,
and we know we should be. So, we're
going to put in $28 billion
to develop better electric cars, more
electric cars, and more integrated cars.
Cars where the software isn't an
afterthought that we slap on top. Uh, I
don't care how good the icing is. If the
cake is still made of poo, I'm not
interested. They're trying to fix the
poo and make better icing. If you will,
will you? I hope you will not. Can you
build an electric car factory in the
middle of a city? BMW has. So, this is,
you know, the Munich plant is going to
build the i3. And this answers the
question, what if BMW made a 3 series
that was ugly? Hey, I get it. Styling is
a matter of taste, but clearly they have
none. This is
it's a fine looking car, but I expect
more from BMW. I expect a beautiful
design. Was a post on X I saw yesterday
where it showed the 2015, the 2020, and
the 2025. And it is evolving in the
wrong direction. And look at that. Just
so much stamped steel. I don't know,
man. Hey, you could be worse. You could
be GM. Confirms 2027 US production start
for gas powered Chevy Blazer. You know,
we made a pretty good EV. Oh my gosh.
You know what would make it better?
Burning the ghosts of our forefathers.
Okay. It's probably not human derived
fossil fuel, but I don't know. I noticed
that they haven't addressed that issue,
and that's a little suspicious. It's
not. So, they're going to make a gas
powered Blazer. I'm sure it will have a
good margin. I'm sure it will sell well.
I'm sure it will boost GM's short-term
profitability while forfeiting its place
in the future, which is really what's
going on here. Two more stories to get
to. GM revs up new small block V8
engines with another $150 million
investment in this, a technology even we
know is the wrong direction. It's a dead
end. We are sealing our fate. We are
forfeiting our place as the world leader
in automotive, which at one point they
were. We are not even going to
participate in that game anymore. We are
going to retreat to our own borders with
fat margins that will last several
years. This is ridiculous. If you want
to sell cars in countries where an EV
mandate is looming, you should probably
make some. You know, you did good with
the with the with the Blazer and the
Equinox and I guess the Silverado.
Pretty good, but you got to keep going.
It's a moving target. The market is a
moving target and you are standing
still. I will ask you, hey, if you get
if you love the channel, any support
genuinely helpful. We do have one more
story. Don't leave. And we've got the
Q&amp;A. I'm going to answer your questions.
Why wouldn't I? But first, I got to tell
you, if you can't support me
financially, you can subscribe. Please
do that. That is tremendously helpful.
I'm I'm struggling to gain subscribers.
And the last story, nearly half of US
data centers planned for 2026 have been
cancelled or delayed, and it's expected
to get worse. You know, we saw that
massive backlog of memory, of compute,
of transformers, and it's because
everybody wants to build a whole lot of
data centers. The problem is they don't
have money.
When you get to the front of the line,
they say, "Cool, you got you got your
gold card on your right." And they go,
"Oh, it's in my other pants." You have
to actually pay. People have been asking
me, how is it that SpaceX, XAI, and
Tesla can get all the chips they need on
a reasonable time frame? And the answer
is because when their name comes to the
top of the list, they've got the
checkbook open. They can actually make
those purchases. A lot of these
companies can't. There are companies
that want to make a build a trillion
dollars of compute.
You don't have a trillion dollars. You
don't have you don't have a hundred
billion in cash.
So, it is you know,
frustrating, I'm sure, but the reality
is it's good for the companies that are
serious. If one piece of your supply
chain is delayed, then your whole
project can't deliver. The bottleneck uh
is manufacturing capability. It is
anticipated to worsen. Analysts at
Sighteline Climate note that data
centers consuming up to 12 gawatts of
power were announced to come online this
year despite only a third having started
construction having started
construction. So the and we're starting
to see some cracks in the uh in the
perfection of the model that is AI.
It'll be interesting to see who makes it
and who doesn't, but that's not uh not a
concern for today. We now know it is not
infallible. It is not line go up all
time kind of a situation. Let's get into
the Q&amp;A, shall we? Howdy, gang. Got a
whole bunch of folks here. Uh
h is uh I asked in the poll. Uh where in
the world are you watching this from? I
answered this not not leading option
three winning handily. That's great. And
don't show results. Uh doesn't work. If
you click it, it'll just show results.
So, I apologize for that confusion.
Still time to participate in that
survey. For what reason? I'm unclear.
And yeah, get your questions in because
when I get to the bottom, we're done.
All right. Maple Leaf. All right.
Portland afternoon, folks. Mhm. It's
going to be a heck of a forest fire
season this year. Is it? I mean, it's
soggy today. I haven't looked at the
trend. Uh I thought we had a pretty wet
winter, though. Netherlands, Quebec.
Good afternoon from hot, dry Georgia.
Let's see. Watching from, I'm guessing
that's a city in Korea,
Germanistan, Nottingham, Tennessee.
Uh-huh. Currently at 350. And the US
dollar is dropping. Yeah. That's
understanding how you want the dollar to
move and then getting it to move in that
direction.
is tricky. It's complicated and uh you
would ideally like uh the smartest, most
forward-looking people to be in charge
of that. All those cyber cabs being
built just test models or they plan for
paid rides. Joe Tagmire gave us some
insight on this. There are two lines uh
kind of side by side. One that's
building the ones that are strictly test
mules and ones that are building ones
that will be used for rides. So, the
answer is both. They're building both
and they are separate and they're
actually slightly different vehicles.
The test ones are not gold. They're
wrapped in gold. So, that's the big
giveaway. And they have a steering wheel
kit that can be bolted into the dash in
a funky way. Those would not be sailable
because the they don't have proper
airbags. Uh but uh yeah, so they are
building ones now that are intended to
be rolled out as paid rides. Seems like
you would be be building them right
before you're able to do the actual paid
rides. Tells me they are farther along,
further along than many suspected. Any
credibility to the rumors of new
vehicles aside from Yel. So we've heard
some rumors. Reuters apparently
confirmed with a number three or four
part suppliers which does lend
credibility to it but Reuters has had
some real wide misses in the past. So I
don't know I don't have um Bob is no
longer with Bob's Bibs and Bobs. So I do
not have a parts uh guru whom I can ask.
So unfortunately I don't have direct
insight on that. I don't have indirect
insight. I hope so. I'd love to see them
move more units, man.
The five year-over-year is going to be
negative as well by the end of the year.
So, so make sure you have cash to buy in
the 80 to 120 range. Oh, 80 to 120. We
keep hitting levels of resistance. It
goes down, retail buys up a bunch. I'll
be covering that with Randy um tomorrow
probably. Yeah.
London looks like a fun little sports
car. It does, but if by sports car you
just mean small, it's not going to be a
fast one. Howdy Gavin. Greetings from
soggy western Oregon. Good to see you.
Not cute enough.
It's pretty cute though. It's an
interesting story. Which one? Oh, the
the Honda one. Laws of aerodynamics make
all semis look similar. Yeah. Yes. The
difference being, and this is just a
spoiler for the video with Mark, is that
when you start with a bespoke solution,
a p a clean slate, you get to avoid
certain inefficiencies. The trade-off is
that you have uh have to build the whole
line instead of just using a line you
already have. So, which one's which
approach is better? If EC Cascadia had
built its own line to build these
trucks, it would be a money losing
proposition even with a lower price
because
at the moment electric trucking is dead.
Uh because all of the carrots and all of
the sticks have been removed. So, if you
have a lot of noise, if you have a lot
of idling, uh if you have if you live
close to the highway and hear Jake
brakes all night, those aren't going
away as quickly as we had hoped because
all of the incentives and disincentives
have been shifted to favor dino burners.
Oh no, the Tesla killer market so huge.
I think they'll all be fine. Mary'sville
in Northern California, good morning.
Uh, Austral
looks beautiful on Google.
Ah, morning. Honestly, oh, the best
electric VW was the e-Golf. I loved it.
I even had analog gauges. It even had
that. If they could have magically
doubled or tripled the range, I'd have
kept it forever. It would be magic,
though, because they it was a was a
conversion, you know. It was not
bespoke. I hope they get back to that.
That's my hope. Is a form factor that
everyone loves but with the ground up
engineering that will make it have more
range. Thoughts on what's happening in
the trade of moves jacking gas prices
up. I'll tell you that it's uh a real
mess.
Your educated balance objective not a
big seller in the US at the moment.
Canadian appreciates it. It's not a big
seller. It's very frustrating. If I
could tell the sexy lies, I'd do very
well. If I could, you know, turn sharply
negative, I'm sure there's thousands who
would subscribe overnight. But I don't
do that. Looking forward to Leup. Yeah,
me too. No way. Honda and Toyota are
just now figuring out the Chinese
threat. I wonder what they really meant
with their statements. I think what they
meant is, uh, we need you, dear
suppliers, to tighten your belt.
So, Michigan, howdy Michigan folks. Be
back there in June for summer meetup.
See you there in Moskegan, June 5th and
6th. It's going to be a lot of fun.
Hello from slightly moistflugerville,
Texas. Oh, yeah. How's it going, Doc?
Good to see you. Uh, will uh could
Windsor, Ontario play a role in Tesla
battery procurement? I don't know. Why?
Why? In what way? I mean, the answer's
always yes, but why? We got our first
Model Y two weeks ago. Almost can use
FSD without clenching my teeth and
praying to the heavens. It gets more
comfortable once you understand which
kind of situations it performs extremely
well in and which ones you should
probably watch a little more. For me, at
least on the highway, the only time I'm
really paying attention is when traffic
thickens up or weather conditions are
unfavorable.
Is Tesla having big reveals this month?
That's a great question. Are we getting
an Optimus demo? Are we getting a
Roadster demo? Are we seeing Cyber Cabs
rolling out wider? We don't know. Is it
semi time? Feels like it's semi time. I
don't know.
Uh until they the actual date is
announced and it's less than a month
out, the dates are always subject to
change. It's unfortunate, but it's real.
When 88 was announced, I saw that and
said, "That's not that's too far out.
They're going to bump it." Uh, using FST
gets easier with practice. Yeah. Italy.
Hello, Chicago suburbs. Hello. Uh, do
you hear Tesla will use new batteries
for the moon for for the base models?
Yeah, I've got that coming up on I'm
doing a story about that on I think
it'll go out on Wednesday. Um, it is
Wednesday, maybe. Um,
it it'll be out this week. I'm covering
that. I have to do more research into
the company, but yes, they will be using
new LFPs for base model cars. Tesla will
buy batteries from anybody if they're
good.
Chicago suburbs. Snowpack is very low in
the Pacific Northwest. I did not
realize. I don't go to altitude, so I
don't pay attention to that. Taxus.
Massachusetts. apparently very high cost
of living. Just found that out
yesterday. It's bizarre that legacy OEMs
had Tesla as a benchmark to copy. They
couldn't even do that. Just going to
give it up right off the losses like
it's no longer an option. Well, we've
tried nothing and we're all out of
ideas. Of course, Ned Flanders was
right. Hello from Scotland. I want to
buy, but the price to earning is still
300. Google is 30. Right. What price to
earnings ratio are you looking for? And
when did Tesla reach that level? If I'd
have looked at price to earnings, I
never would have been able to buy it.
When I bought the shares, the company
had no price to earnings ratio because
they had no positive earnings. Infinity
was the price to earnings ratio at which
I purchased. But I felt I could see
something in the company that others
could not, specifically Wall Street
analysts. In my case, that worked out. I
was correct and they were incorrect. And
that served me well. Am I still correct?
I think so, but I don't know that. I
can't know that my time machine is in
the shop. So, it's unfortunate. I have
to do the traditional time travel, the
one:1 forward ratio time travel, which
is effective, but my gosh, does it age
me terribly.
Singapore. Okay. Well, those are the
answers. High cost of living and high
quality of life in Massachusetts.
Nothing's free. That's fair. A lot of
people complain, "Oh my gosh, the Nordic
countries have very high tax rates."
Yeah, but they also score really high on
the happiness index. I'd love to be
happy. I mean, we all pay for happy.
It's just some of us pay more than
others and indirectly.
So, guys, thanks for hanging out. I
appreciate having you here on this the
13th of April. Going to be touring the
Mega Pac factory later this week. I will
get you what insights I am permitted to
share. I imagine there will be some. I
don't know what. Uh but uh you know I I
make sure to not burn those bridges but
there will be insights surely and then
of course you know I'll be in LA at the
end of the week and then I'll be back. I
don't know. It's just how I do it. So
guys, what did I miss? What did I
misunderstand? If you're watching this
on the replay, you got to let me know.
It's required by law, I think. Everybody
else, stay tuned. Stay juicy. And I
cannot wait to hear from you clever
robots either in person or on the
flippity flop. Yeah, that sounds right.