Channel:     brighterwithherbert
Title:       The Signals Behind Tesla’s Rebound
URL:         https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8_03Lks7f5g
Published:   2026-04-17 13:30 UTC
Fetched:     2026-04-17 14:00 UTC

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

We're seeing not only a rebound, but
likely take off for Tesla soon. Tesla
just dropped a teaser for the Cyber Cab,
saying it's the golden era. Might this
hint that CyberCap production is or will
soon be officially launched? Tesla's
hiring for robo taxi roles have also
amped up now across 34 cities and across
different roles for pre-eployment,
deployment, and operations. With FSD
version 14.3.1 ready for wider release
and the AI5 chip ready for fabrication,
it's all systems go now. We've got the
bulls here with us today. We got the
Power Bowl, the Queen Tesla Boomer Mama,
Alexandra Mertz. We got the Rational
Bowl, also known as Mr. Incredible, the
executive Jeff Lutz, and the Golden
Bull, the founder and CEO, an astronaut
in his previous life, Larry Goldberg.
Welcome, guys.
&gt;&gt; Hi, Herbert.
&gt;&gt; All right, we are talking.
&gt;&gt; I thought it was astronaut in my future
life.
&gt;&gt; Okay, I'll change it. Astronaut in your
future life. in your current life.
Larry, we will uh talk stock rebound and
uh what's happening with Tesla. Things
are looking like it's poised. Uh but the
first topic is the rebound. We've got um
people wondering what's going on. Look
at this stock in the last 5 days.
Obviously, it's fallen significantly
kind of steadily since December. Uh but
now something happened here. Does
somebody know something or is this just
macro? What do you think, uh Jeeoff?
the company and the product. I don't
look at the quarterly stock movement.
&gt;&gt; A very realistic bull questioning
certain decisions.
&gt;&gt; The rational bull. We enjoy listening to
bears.
&gt;&gt; We're looking for the red flags. You're
supposed to react.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. We only earned 50 cents a share
the other the last quarter. I mean, come
on, guys.
Well, I I I hate to talk about seasonals
and seasonality because I'm not a a big
fan of it, but Tesla really doesn't do
well in the in Q1 typically. Now,
there's exceptions to that, but I don't
know, for whatever reason, it starts
waking up in the, you know, second half
of April, and that's where we're
entering in, but technically it's it
hasn't really
this is a big rebound, but it also it
felt oversold a bit uh into what was
happening with the macro conditions. Uh,
but in terms of fundamentals and what's
ahead, I mean, that's what we're going
to talk about on the show. And just
every day that passes, we're getting
closer to these these fundamentals being
realized. We had the delivery numbers in
the first couple days, very light on
energy. That's a very lumpy business
and, you know, right around consensus
for car deliveries, but some bright
spots appearing uh regionally and
obviously the start of this cyber cab
production is imminent or or right upon
us. So, I think for the stock, it's
really got to move meaningfully over uh
400 and really start getting back to
those all-time highs. And it can do that
honestly without a lot of news because I
if you look at where the markets and
macro were in December, January,
arguably we've we've gone through
another black swan event and the markets
appear to be more resilient. But I think
it's also early too. So, lots of stuff
going on with macro. Lots of convergence
happening with Tesla and I think that's
really driving some of the move. It felt
a bit oversold, but this 39 this 380 390
level doesn't mean as much in my opinion
until it gets well over 400. And to me,
there's no reason why it can't get
closer to all-time highs. And then we
have new fundamental news. Then it could
push it potentially higher. We're not
good at predicting uh the stock here,
nor do we give out advice, but that's
what I I kind of see so far.
&gt;&gt; Jeeoff, what do you think is going on
with the macro? Is that pretty well
settled as some people are thinking,
Iran and others?
&gt;&gt; The market the market is m maybe getting
way ahead of that. We'll see. There's
obviously
the potential for another set round of
discussions to to close where you're
just getting headlines every day and
they're just from all over the place.
You can open up Axe and you can see
every permutation of every single thing
on it and what you really have to do is
triangulate the information and to me
listen directly I mean directly from the
sources and we don't get a lot of that
out of Iran. we we get proxies posting
for them and so forth, but you hear
directly from the president. Uh so I
think we're getting close is the short
uh answer and I think the market thinks
we are as well.
&gt;&gt; What's your thoughts, Larry?
&gt;&gt; Yeah, the war news is I think being
largely discounted.
Um I think we're in for a few more
crises before it's all over. Um there
may be a relatively brief resumption of
you know real war. Um I don't think if
it resumes it's going to last very long.
I think it's going to be fairly
shortlived.
Um
but all the
all the markers point to a fairly rapid
resolution
with Iran agreeing to stop any uranium
uh treatment for 20 years. That's the
latest that I'm hearing from the rumor
mill. But it m it's a plausible kind of
settlement for the Middle East. The real
issue is whether they will continue
arming their proxies and I think that's
going to be a red line for this
president.
So I'm quite hopeful of a good
settlement. Uh but I am I wouldn't be
surprised to see another round of
fighting relatively briefly.
That's about it. I I um
I think that the economy is doing fine.
I think the uh
there's going to be a there's going to
be a brief
recession or re recede it's going to
recede slightly from the growth rates we
were getting to. inflation is going to
pick up
as a you know for a brief period of time
and if my guess is correct then I think
we'll resume growth and I think we'll
end the year with a very very good
growth number very good growth number
which we were headed for um I think the
only problem in terms of getting there
was the tariff decision by the Supreme
Court and the war combined then going to
make life a little tough for this
administration. But relatively briefly,
I think by the end of the year, we'll be
back on track. Um, and as to the Tesla
share price, it's a random walk. Um, you
know, the
&gt;&gt; Yeah,
&gt;&gt; it's not that meaningful until we
actually get into the heart of the robo
taxi launch and the heart of the U bot
launch and so on and so forth. So I'm
I'm fairly steady as she goes right now
from an investment perspective. I'm
relatively fully invested for me. I mean
I I you know I have a sort of barbell
approach to investment. I keep a very
large amount of cash but I also you know
and then I'm very concentrated in some
certain stocks only a handful of stocks
down from 20 at the peak to about seven
or eight stocks.
And um so I'm I'm quietly optimistic.
That puts me in the far side of
optimistic for the current environment.
&gt;&gt; Hopefully you're right with macro
clearing up hopefully by sometime this
year. Let's see. Fingers crossed. Um
Alexander, next week, next Wednesday,
Tesla's going to have their earnings
call. And do you think do you see
typically that uh Tesla will actually
try to get you know front run it before
the actual earnings call try to have
some good news? Have you seen that
before?
&gt;&gt; Well, we've seen that before but I don't
expect that to happen this time because
remember the the the sales numbers were
&gt;&gt; um delivery and sales numbers were a
little bit lower than what we expected.
Now let me first get into what happened
I think on Tuesday Wednesday. Um I do
believe that the Friday late Friday
afternoon announcement of the
Netherlands approval of FSD triggered
through fund managers and committees
because you know how it is they always
have to decide in committee what happens
in the typical 3-day rule setting
meaning they have to have their meeting
and then the analyst for Tesla will say
oh look at that and we got the next
milestone which was one of the many you
know European um first approval and then
a new allocation happens. So I do
believe that really corresponds very
much to the Tuesday Wednesday movement
which was enhanced by the market now
ignoring peace talks just taking it for
granted that these peace talks will
work. So we had an up move and the up
move was amplified I believe with the
buying because those buyers then think
well if we can have it at 350 great and
then now suddenly it's at 370 380 well
no let's jump into it. So we you have
that that movement. Now do I think that
was a early movement towards earnings
call? I don't I don't expect much of
that earnings call. I think the main
number to look at is going to be free
cash flow and it's going to be tight to
be positive. Okay. If you see a slightly
negative or close to zero number for
free cash flow, relax. What do I think
happened? And this was actually given to
me by a Tesla fan who watches you
religiously, Herbert. I told him he can
forget about all the rest. He should
watch me, but he doesn't want to listen.
But anyway, so he um he he reached out
to me and said, "You know what? Those
earnings number, sorry, those uh energy
numbers in the delivery report, they
were low because I think they're using
all these mega packs to put put into
cortex." And I said, "That's genius.
that is very well possible rather than
you know selling them whatever. And then
you have to obviously know that energy
is anyway a fluctuating accounting issue
and we can talk for hours about how
accounting for energy works. So you may
just have a a a bad quarter but that and
higher inventory will play directly on
free cash flow. So just expect that. I
do believe there is not much hope, but
who am I to say? And I'm usually wrong,
but I don't have much hope for a jump in
the stock price after the earnings call
on Wednesday.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, I like that idea.
&gt;&gt; I don't know about the the mega I mean
the mega pack numbers were off six
gigawatt hours. I don't think they're
storing those away. uh maybe some you
know the inventory numbers doubled for
auto quarteron quarter but there weren't
a big it's not a big amount but it's
going to eat in the free cash flow uh so
I think there's a little bit for for
Tesla to unpack there and we'll see to
me their earnings calls are all about
tone and and real guidance I I honestly
though I think the problem here is there
is very specific guidance given
at the end of January for robo taxi and
we're it's starting to pick up now which
is good but we I mean if you go by the
strict guidance from that call we should
have I don't know 2,000 robo taxis on
the road you'd think a couple of more
cities but maybe that's going to be
nonlinear and it's really going to start
after um you know in the April May time
frame so you got to be kind of glass
half empty glass half full but I think
these earnings calls are more about tone
and tenor. What Elon has been of late,
if you remember 2022, Elon, it was
storm clouds, dark and gloomy, macro
recession,
Tesla, you know, we'll get through it,
but very kind of negative. And on the
last call, he was talking about double
digit GDPs and massive growth. So,
&gt;&gt; let's see what Elon we get on this call.
But if it's the continued
macro to the moon Elon and now that he's
this much closer and let's see if
there's been a breakthrough in terms of
robo taxi and their their willingness to
expand based on 143 or some var
variation of it. I think that will be
the key thing and then just look out for
I don't know is there going to do
something on the 420 date prior. I don't
know, but they could frontr run earnings
with some larger moves in robo tax. I
mean, we we have to go back and we have
to continue have these conversations.
Why are these vehicles all staged at all
these different cities? Why why is all
this hiring occurring? If you're in
operations, you have an operations
background. I know what the market the
market's just looking for the market's
looking for an announcement. Miami's or
I'll make up a city. Orlando's launched
or that's what I know the market's
waiting for. But when you study this
operationally, you study the hiring, you
study what they're doing with the
vehicles, they're building up for quite
the launch.
&gt;&gt; We'll cover that uh in detail. I I think
something might they might actually
announce something prior to the
Wednesday earnings call, but uh when
right now this say is open. So you can
go to say technologies if you're a Tesla
investor and submit your questions. This
is the top questions now. This will move
significantly. This will may not even
make a top, but uh when will we have the
Optimus V3 reveal? When will Optimus
production start since we ended the
Model X and X production earlier that
mid year? What milestones are you
targeting for unsupervised FSE and robo
taxi expansion beyond Austin? Um Jeeoff,
you I think your question was pretty
good. Did you submit it? Your question
was um tell us what's the reason why
maybe you can explain what your words
are. I just I just my my question was
basically what are you seeing in the
data that we're not seeing as users that
made you change your robo taxi rollout
plans that you guided to in the in the
end of January's call? What what are
what are you seeing that we're not
seeing and what are your expectations,
you know, going forward? So, we'll we'll
see if that makes it or not. But you're
really in these questions you're really
trying to understand and probe a
response
uh out of them that's not that's you
know when's the roadster going to be re
like who cares. It's more we really want
to understand what are the catalysts for
the business that will make uh this
change in income go from you know
bending metal to to autonomy and and and
and so and and we want to understand
what are the the gating items to that
transition. And so that was my question.
We'll see if it makes it
&gt;&gt; clever how you phrased it. Very clever.
&gt;&gt; Do you guys have questions you want to
ask at the earnings call?
&gt;&gt; I didn't submit any.
&gt;&gt; We Larry.
&gt;&gt; No, I I don't I don't have questions. I
mean, we're very clear what the
catalysts are that we're waiting for.
It's also very clear to me that we're
not going to get a very good timing on
any of these things. as as you know they
they're feeling their way forward and
you know Elon will give us a time scale
that's unrealistic. We already know that
we don't need another unrealistic time
scale. We don't want another unrealistic
time scale. So I'm un unlikely to ask
him about a time scale. Um but you know
I mean we'll get the usual questions and
we'll get the usual answers. So we're,
you know, we're in a period where we're
waiting for three or four major
catalysts to drop and they're going to
drop. It's only a question of timing.
And so that that that I'm pretty happy
to sit and wait. I don't think that
&gt;&gt; the share action, the share price action
has been that
tragic or that disappointing. I think it
it's pretty much followed um its normal
path. So, you know, we'll see. I mean,
you know, we're April was going to be
the launch of the I mean, it's crazy to
set these dates and then miss these
dates, but that's how we do it.
&gt;&gt; Well, so Tesla Robots actually posted
this on X as golden era. This looks like
it could be.
I mean
pretty confidence that it's going to be
the golden era means it's probably a
signal that they're going to launch or
if they not already launched. I mean, I
think uh Jeff, you said that Tesla
doesn't have to announce that they've
started production, right?
&gt;&gt; No, they don't. I mean, again, the uh
bathroom habits of the executives are
closely monitored on X or Tesla, not of
other companies. Uh but really Tesla I
mean this is part of it the show the
show we're on right now but I I would
just say that they don't have to
announce it but but that that little
clip that could be that could signify
that they have
&gt;&gt; maybe they'll they will come out and say
usually you see a picture in the factory
&gt;&gt; uh of of it you know maybe a line of
production started. I would just say
just one thing that silhouette those
doors opening and people have to
remember this is not a 50 or $60,000
car. This is going to be sub $30,000.
You just don't see that.
&gt;&gt; I I see it as ready to fly. You know,
that's what that's what that's ready to
take off. Um okay, so here's where we at
with robo taxi. So many people are
following one of the numbers is 13
unsupervised robo taxis has jumped by
two in the last couple days. Uh yeah, we
said 12 yesterday. Uh 14.3.1 launched uh
released in the weekend and then people
are getting it beyond just the early
adopters. Here's a guy from Canada
that's already getting it. So it looks
like it's heading forward.
&gt;&gt; I didn't get it yet. Did you get it? I
got it on one one of the cars.
&gt;&gt; Oh,
&gt;&gt; is it much different and much better?
&gt;&gt; Yeah, it seems it seems more confident.
The nag is less naggy, but it's there. I
I can tell to me it looks like it's a
this is the to me this is how they're
going to manage it. The gradual
reduction of it and I think it's much
improved. The cabin camera performance I
think is much improved. It it seems like
it's more responsive of once it beeps at
you and you look it's it's gone right
away. Parking seems a bit better. I got
it on the Cybert truck first which was
&gt;&gt; different for me. I typically get it on
the other vehicle. So, uh we'll see. But
it it it's it's good. I mean, it's
&gt;&gt; it's definitely much improved.
&gt;&gt; Uh I don't know if this is the the
missing piece of the puzzle, but this
there may be enough there for robo taxi.
We'll see.
&gt;&gt; Did any of you order the signature XRS?
No. Me neither.
&gt;&gt; They sold out at S, right?
&gt;&gt; X sold out. Yeah. No, I I don't know. I
made my final decision, but I just
bought an axe. So, be weird to
&gt;&gt; buy another one. A brother.
&gt;&gt; A brother. So, here's all the hiring
that's happening. Uh, robot taxi field
response specialists in Dallas and
Houston covering 247 shifts. So, first
of all, Dallas and Houston, 247 shifts.
And, um, Tessyota pointed out
self-driving data collection supervisors
in 34 cities. Look at all these cities.
34 of them. This is pre uh you know pre
uh deployment cities some of them and uh
this guy pointed out that that would be
46% of US population covered with these
markets. 28 of the 34 of these follow
future deployments. So they all picking
over the same cities data collection uh
and then this robo taxi count. Oh, so
Yoda also kind of organized all the
different roles that he's been
following. Pre-eployment, live
operations, core engineering and
business functions behind it. So you got
the pre-eployment cities. Tesla's hiring
for data collection supervisor
self-driving. The supervisor in is in
charge of these test specialists, desk
self-driving, and test engineer
self-driving. Then you have deployment
cities, AI safety operators, robo taxi
field response specialist, robo taxi
fleet support specialist, fleet support
supervisor, robo taxi operations
manager. Then you have AI and autonomy
engineering of course RL engineers, AI
engineers of course are hiring for those
all the time. Data engineers for
infrastructure software and then the
interesting things are of course here
business and operations. Robo taxi
business analyst operations robo taxi
business manager technical program
manager these are all open roles but 34
cities
it's crazy
&gt;&gt; you know you know what I'm disappointed
is we're not seeing any ch any induction
charges yet I would have thought we were
going to see some induction charges I
was hoping that this cyber uh cab would
be
you know induction charged from the
get-go but it looks like they're going
to have to be, you know, charged by
cable for the moment.
&gt;&gt; Okay. Well, that's a lot of hiring in 34
cities. That's clear. And then the other
big news that dropped uh just yesterday
was we found out that um Nitsa, there's
only one incident that or sorry, zero
incidents for Tesla in the last month.
From January 15th to February 17th, I'm
sorry, February 17th to March 15th,
there was only one I'm sorry, what am I
saying? From February 17th to March
15th, there's zero incidents for Tesla.
&gt;&gt; I think from March 15th to April 15th,
there was one incident.
&gt;&gt; No, no, that's not reported yet. No,
it's not been reported yet. The one
incident was from January 15th to
February 15th.
&gt;&gt; And that was also a uh that was just a
bumper. So, it's been nothing. All good
news. So, what do you guys think with
13.1
uh likely going to go wide release to
all of us? And you got it already,
Jeeoff.
&gt;&gt; And then
&gt;&gt; 31. Yeah.
&gt;&gt; 1431. Yeah. What you're thinking?
&gt;&gt; Yeah, it should go it should go wide. I
haven't seen anything that would be uh
disqualifying for it. And yeah, it'd be
good to just It'd be good to hear from
Tesla next week. what what are their
thoughts on robo taxi expansion and
and getting to unsupervised for personal
vehicles? What what are they seeing in
the data and and what does it mean for
us as as users of the of the product?
But I appreciate their I appreciate the
approach. Uh, but I think the near-term
commits I I
some something's got to happen with the
like the 90-day near-term commits and
how they're given where they're 90 95%
sure or or you just don't say anything.
Like Tesla doesn't guide on on on car
delivery for a reason. They don't guide
on production. Uh they do it at a year
snapshot. They don't do it quarter by
quarter. So, I don't I don't know why
we're giving near-term I I think the
robo taxi stuff to me has more variation
than car production. Car production,
they honestly really know a lot when
they get on that call. They know a lot
about like when they get on the call
next week, they know a lot about Q2 and
the characteristics of it and they don't
guide in the quarter. So, I think I
think they got to look at this process.
But to me, the real magic is happening
with the the engineering work. You can
see it's improving as a user. question
is is what what what's the end what does
end state look like and when do we get
there?
&gt;&gt; Well, I think we're at the end state. I
think they're just being extraordinarily
cautious. In other words, they're trying
to validate that this is the end state.
And you know, I think there's going to
be marginal improvement, of course,
continuing marginal improvement, but I
think we're at a state where we could
roll it out. I think that what they're
doing is getting their operational um
their operations in line and they're
they're learning from the limited
release they've got and they're going to
step you know wearily forward this is a
huge you know legal obligation that
they're taking on gigantic legal
obligation I think they're doing it you
know sufficiently cautiously
so it I'm not that worried about an
extra quarter or too. I think it I think
the the better they do, the more
thorough they are, the better for
everybody concerned.
&gt;&gt; Do you guys um so you know by Wednesday
before the earnings call
uh anybody here think that they would
not be announcing another city to be
launched at this point given all the
hiring given all the cars that's been
staged in major lots 14.3 rolling out.
Yeah,
&gt;&gt; it's a good possibility that they will
have, you know, they could have a
surprise, but that's not been their
modus operandi. You know, modus operandi
is for Elon to tell everybody shut up
and believe, you know, I mean, that's
really where the that's that's the the
basis. Listen,
I'm thinking we should all get together
as retail shareholders,
make a fund and advertise for Tesla, and
you know what what we do is take all the
cash from the referrals.
&gt;&gt; Take all the cash for the referrals and
to to keep us, you know, to keep us
compensated. I mean, we could get like a
couple of hundred people together, each
put in $10,000, and then you you know,
you can start an advertising campaign.
We'll do a lot of sales. I mean, I I was
talking to Herbert this morning. I in
the last yesterday, two people
said to me, "We'd love to buy a Tesla,
but you know, you can't spend $100,000
on a car."
I mean, literally saying that to me. I
mean,
&gt;&gt; Larry, we can disagree on that one.
Still be friends because I I thoroughly
disagree. And I know that you and Randy
hope that I would now get engaged and
and get this whole thing organized. The
I do believe it is in Tesla's financial
best interest to have a maximum of Model
Y and Cyber Caps ready when unsupervised
is ready to hit the roads and not sell
them. And if people are too dumb to go
on a website and see that it's not
100,000 or 60,000, well, they don't
deserve a Tesla.
&gt;&gt; But you know, you say that they have no
problem with the number of cars they
have available. They couldn't they
couldn't feed their production
into the robo taxi business. Be
reasonable.
This is a logistic nightmare. Each step
of the expansion is a logistic
challenge. They can only feed in a
certain number. I mean, just look I mean
look at Uber and look at their scaling
up.
I I stipulate that Tesla will will will
scale up much faster than Uber ever did.
I stipulate it's going to scale up much
faster than Whimo, but they will never
run out of cars even if they, you know,
got a 20% boost in their retail sales,
30% boost in the retail sales.
&gt;&gt; Don't you think they've been preparing
now for weeks and months? Don't you
think that the the regulatory part is
something they could have prepared for
all this time while they were waiting
for this last tail to to be sold?
&gt;&gt; But when you say preparing, the number
of cars involved are if you look at
their actual sales of numbers of cars,
the number of cars that they're going to
need for a scale out is trivial compared
to their production capacity. Relatively
trivial. And remember, every car they
sell today is a potential rover taxi
uh uh feed into the fleet uh in in you
know peak times. So they need as many
cars they can get in retail hands just
as much as they need them on the streets
&gt;&gt; if they were to feed.
&gt;&gt; No, no, no, no, no. On this point, I
disagree. But I think allowing retail to
participate is
&gt;&gt; a nice gesture but not a necessity.
&gt;&gt; It's an absolute necessity for the
business case. It's an absolute
necessity. It is the key behind the
business case. You have to understand
what the business case is. The business
case is this is a this is a business
that has peak demand that completely
completely changes the numbers.
Unless you have the means to feed cars
into the peak demand far above your
average fleet, you're not going to make
money. And that's what's killing Whimo.
Whimo have the situation where their
fleet is their fleet and that's it. They
can't feed cars into the peak demand.
And the peak demand is when they get
their peak money by far. They get two to
three times the revenue per mile in peak
hours. So if they have 500 cars
and only 200 cars are used during the
day and they feed those 300 cars in at
night, that's the best they can do. In
other words, they can only get a very
small percentage of the total market in
the daytoday and then they earn during
the peak. With Tesla, if they have a
peak, if they have a robo taxi fleet of
I call it a million, call it one and a
half million cars on the road of robo
taxis, when the peak hits, they're going
to need 2 and a half to three million.
If they don't have retail cars that can
feed into it, it destroys the whole
business case. And if you want to see
the business case, I have it in writing.
AR have done this in very great detail
and it's quite clear that the key
competitive factor for Tesla is the
potential use of the of the uh retail
fleet in peak hours.
&gt;&gt; How many million could you would you
need for the peak hours? You need one,
two, three million more. We have them
already. We have them.
&gt;&gt; It doesn't It doesn't pay if you It
Sorry, let me rephrase that. It doesn't
make any difference whether you have a
million, 2 million, 3 million, 4
million. Every retail sale of a car is
money in the bank because you've got
production lines, you've got people.
Every additional retail sale that you do
of a car is money in the bank on top of
what you're earning. So it's marginal
revenue. Marginal revenue in any
company, but in particular an auto
company and a and a rental company is
magic. It is the margin. It it is
additional margin that is just,
you know, just gears up the the revenue.
You're making a very compelling case.
You're making a very compelling case. I
get that. Now, why do they not
advertise?
&gt;&gt; Well, you can go back and ask that
question every year for the last 20
years.
Every year for the last 20 years because
Elon doesn't believe in it.
&gt;&gt; Well, he starink. You see stallink all
over the place.
&gt;&gt; Very little advertising stinking. Mo
most of the Starlink advertising that is
done is done by the retailers selling
the Starink. So you know Home Depot and
all these
&gt;&gt; directly did it during the uh NCA
tournament. I mean they did they bought
a lot of spots.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. and for good money.
&gt;&gt; You know, Gwyn probably knows her
business and she is a salesperson parex
salons and you know, Elon doesn't deal
with the dayto-day. But any event, the
point is it is
it is a real
puzzle for me. It's not a puzzle. Elon
believes that a great product sells
itself.
&gt;&gt; And so you feel it's a self-inflicted
wound. It's something where you
&gt;&gt; Oh, yeah. Yeah. I was I mean I do. I do.
I believe so.
&gt;&gt; Okay. I think it's ready full self.
&gt;&gt; I was telling Herbert yesterday two
people within an hour of each other and
but it happens to me every day. But two
people within hour of each other, people
who should know, said to me, "I can't
really afford I'd love to buy it. I
can't really afford a $100,000 car."
&gt;&gt; Larry is going to to the dog park. He
meets all these people at the dog park.
&gt;&gt; That's right. That's right. That's
right.
&gt;&gt; About dog mode.
&gt;&gt; Dog,
Alexander, I think that Yeah, it's all
about timing, right?
&gt;&gt; Because unsupervised FSE is probably in
my perspect.
It's not happening soon and I don't
think that uh you know the ability for
the cars to make money while they're not
driving that won't happen for another
year and so in this at least for a year
if not two Tesla should be selling as
many cars as they can to retailic
&gt;&gt; I'm thinking I'm realistic
&gt;&gt; California end of last year remember
&gt;&gt; yeah we could argue about timing and
stuff like
&gt;&gt; end of end of 2025
&gt;&gt; sorry we can argue about timing
about timing going all backwards and
forwards, but the truth is every car you
sell is a margin of a couple of thousand
to $4,000
straight to the bottom line, straight
into cash.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. I mean, I hear you on free cash
flow. I said it earlier. I don't expect
free cash flow and that really breaks my
heart. What what I think so for another
year
&gt;&gt; is I do agree with advertising but the
better model would actually be
incredibly attractive leasing models
then you have all the best worlds right
you lease it you own it at the end of
the day um you get it such a low price
that that will market itself that word
of mouth will go
&gt;&gt; I'm not crazy about that idea I'll tell
you why I mean I got an email from a
from a correspondent somebody who
listens to us online and his advice to
us was his advice to Tesla is he wants
to give the leasing away at very very
very very advantageous rates and exactly
&gt;&gt; he argues very strongly and I'll tell
you something it'll actually hit the
share price negatively it'll get such
negative remarks from analysts because
so many auto companies have run
themselves into the ground with that
type of stuff now we know that you You
know, at the end of the day, Tesla would
love to take those cars back and put
them into the fleet. That's not going to
sell. It's going to have a very negative
effect, and it's going to have a
negative effect on the on the financials
because there's no way the auditors are
going to give them profit from those
sales. They're going to reserve a huge
amount to it. So, I know that it's a
very compelling idea, but until you've
got a proven robo taxi business where
you can use the those retail cars, you
cannot argue positively from a financial
point of view and it'll hit your balance
sheet very negatively. Jeff's looking
very bored.
&gt;&gt; No, I'm wide awake.
&gt;&gt; Pained and bored.
&gt;&gt; That was a good conversation. We're
going to have another debate talking
about Tesla SpaceX. Before we do that,
we got a few more things to talk about.
We're going to reserve that uh shortly.
FSE was approved in Europe. Obviously,
that was a big deal. And then AI5 was uh
was was actually um uh taped out. I just
wanted to get your thoughts uh the team
here of the importance of AI5 being
taped out. Uh Jeff, Larry, and I think
that it's going to be at least a year
before this actually gets out to real
production. Uh what's your thinking?
What's your estimate? Uh yeah, I I
thought it was a release to tape out. I
mean, I think these details are
important because if it's a release to
tape out, then their first parts are in,
you know, three or four months, best
case given the complexity of the ASIC or
maybe a little bit longer. And then
yeah, you're then you're working on
you're testing it and then you're in a
few cycles, maybe you're making changes
depending on the severity of the change
will dictate the length of the design
cycle. And yeah, typically if I were to
summarize,
a year from now, they could they could
be in the production and then then that
production has to go through a ramp up.
So you're not changing cars over to this
or or putting them in the Optimus and
probably in volume until the second half
of the year. That's probably a realistic
way to look look at it. If this was a
simpler part, you could you can say,
"Oh, Tesla will accelerate. Elon will
accelerate." And he will. He'll
accelerate this regardless of its
complexity, but it's it's all relative
to how complex the part is. So, I think
that's a reasonable time frame at least
to start production and then really
start seeing it in volume second half.
Sounds like a very compelling
part. And it sounds like he's also given
the endorsement for all these questions.
And these people just makes literally
just make stuff up on ax about you know
the AI4 and robo taxi and just just you
know wait and hear from Tesla on it. Not
saying that sometimes they don't run
into surprises themselves but man I'd
hate to be somebody that's whatever on
the outside looking and trying to
speculate on what what's needed for robo
taxi. think they've got I think AI4 is a
very good uh computer and I think I
think we're in really good shape for
what we need to build this year. So I'm
looking forward to seeing that.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, Larry was thinking that when Elon
said that AI5 is for Optimus in our
supercomputer clusters and he said AI4
is enough to achieve much better than
human safety for FSD. Larry says that uh
no AF5 will make it to the cars as well
&gt;&gt; eventually. Sure.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. And yeah, Elon is not saying it
won't go to the cars. He's saying that
right now what we've got is good enough
is not only good enough, it's better
than good enough for FSD.
What I was saying is that of course it's
going to go to Optimus first because
that's the highest and best use for it,
but it's going to go to the cars in due
course. And because it's going to the
cars in due course and it is going to
the cars in due course because both
because it can add so much capability to
the cars not just in FSD but all kinds
of intelligence and interactivity and
mapping updating mapping in real time
and all of that kind of good stuff.
&gt;&gt; Yeah
agreed. you know having a strong silicon
road map the ability to design their own
silicon this team is this this team has
been working you know for almost 10
years now I guess
&gt;&gt; so this is a this is a very when you
value companies and they have this
amount of engineering vertical
integration where they ship a product
and they're actually engineering the
silicon and the layer 1 software on that
I mean that is
other people that make cars there there
there isn't anybody
like that actually other people that
make robots there isn't anybody
like that that's that's mainstream
that's a very very important thing
that's
overlooked a lot when when when
everybody talks about Tesla's
manufacturing vertical integration this
engineering vertical integration which
will now be carried forward in the
manufacturing with with Terapab But even
what they have today is extremely
compelling in terms of how you'd value
the company.
&gt;&gt; Agree. Agree.
&gt;&gt; So here here's where we're at. Okay. So
people are so negative about where we're
at and for some very good reasons.
Everything's been delayed. But let's
just re recap what we learned this week,
right? FSD was approved in the
Netherlands.
That was very delayed, but some people
thought it'll never be approved in
Europe. It happened. Uh AI5 is taped out
now. again delayed because Elon said,
"Oh, we're finishing it up 3 six months
ago, but it's now done." And this is
such a critical piece for mass scale.
You got cyber cabab uh photos everywhere
showing that it's all over the place. Uh
that has been delayed, but now it's in
April.
&gt;&gt; When you want to see this picture, you
want to take that car from the top right
and put it on the bottom left.
&gt;&gt; I see this every time and I go, I can't
believe it.
to do that.
&gt;&gt; You are see it, right?
&gt;&gt; You're funny. Okay, but you know, Cyber
Cab delayed, but it's here. It's
physically here. You can see 60 cars
every day and it looks like that it's a
they're about to make a big announcement
of that FSE version 13.14.3.1.
It's not the 10X parameter. Everybody's
complaining about that, but it's going
to achieve what was intended to do,
which is improve safety by magnitude,
20% increase in response time, shrunk
down, and rapid iteration. It is what
they decided to do because they're going
to get a lot more from it waiting before
instead of waiting for the 10x parameter
AI5 chip. Uh
it's pretty good. Things are happening
now. Delayed, absolutely delayed. That
is a fact. that we don't have this the
five cities announced yet. We don't have
more than 13 unsupervised robo taxis out
yet.
&gt;&gt; You know, you say delayed. I say
everything's running to expectation.
When Elon gives a date, you know, you
have to add a certain amount of Elon
time to that because he's he's giving a
date that he wants his team to shoot
for. You know, his team's not going to
make it. You know that there are going
to be issues. So, I don't think they're
delayed. I think they're marching to
their to their normal
to their normal drama. I think they're
marching at warp speed, if you ask my
opinion.
&gt;&gt; I agree. I agree. On the AI5, he
actually said they were 45 days ahead of
the schedule. Now, was it the initial
date he announced? No, because the
initial date he announces, L explained
that with a cyber truck. He goes there
and tells them, "Okay, you got 12
months." He comes back said, "No, no,
six." And then they all start sweating,
right? I mean that is just his that's
just his way of being. So if you
followed that you know that you can't
take those first announcement for
granted. The other thing is that people
that listen to us on the cyber balls and
all these wonderful comments saying
we're already we're always you know too
positive. That's not true Herbert. I
remember after the Q3 earnings call so
that was in October 2025 he had
announced that you know by the end of
the year half of the population in the
US would have access to it. you asked me
and I said never
&gt;&gt; never he have exactly that that that uh
reaction because we know that is what
he's putting out there he's bringing
everybody you know to smoke out of their
ears and thinking oh my gosh here he
goes again then they get to work then
they advance and then he gives them a
realistic date now does he come back and
tell us on X what that realistic date is
no if you still hope that first day will
happen yeah well you're in for lots of
disappointments That's just it. Listen
to us when we tell you that's just never
going to happen. Not in the initial in
the initial announcements. But then on
the other hand, did on April 1 cyber cap
production start? Yes.
&gt;&gt; So do we hear anybody going, "Oh,
wonderful. They started on time." Yes,
they did.
&gt;&gt; I I don't know what we're I But it I
think we're saying the same thing, just
a little bit different. These are very
difficult tasks that have never been
done before, which means they're
difficult to predict. All I would say is
first off, these things are late.
Secondly, the near-term predictions, the
30 to 90day predictions, they should be
on they should be more on time than the
stuff that's predicted over a greater
length of time. And that's just that's
just the fact that people are making
decisions off of this. Uh, and in terms
of motivating the team, I'm not going to
tell the the greatest capital allocator
maybe to ever live how to do what
they're doing. I'm just saying that I
think we're saying the same thing. I
give them a bit of a pass because these
things have never been done before and
they're so complex. But if you say
you're doubling robo taxi fleet the
fleet by month literally starting next
month and you don't
&gt;&gt; I mean so these some of these things are
and this is how the investor community
responds these things about 10x
parameter. I don't know why people are
getting bent out of shape. didn't even
know the parameter count of what's in
the vehicle right now or what it means
or what it does. But Tesla puts some of
these things out there and it just gets
ingrained in the people's heads. But
it's pretty easy to count cars. It's
pretty easy to count cars that don't
have people in them driving them. And
those near-term promises, I think, are
important. Now, the ones where you're
saying you're going to cover half the
population by the end of the year. Okay,
come and update us every quarter on how
that's playing out. But, um, I I would
say the 30-day predictions have to be
pretty close. And I agree you can put a
a guard band on anything uh because
these things are so complex. But,
um, anyway, I think it's not going to
matter. two years from now, we're not
going to remember the exact date on some
of these things uh because of the
they're so impactful when they're at
scale in terms of their financials and
their their impact on society. But we're
not we all know that two years time
we're going to have another set of
predictions that we're going to be
waiting for and anxious to get to. Yeah.
Yeah. Be interesting to see where we are
in two years time. I I still think he
should advertise.
&gt;&gt; Okay.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah.
&gt;&gt; I think we should all we should all get
together, raise a bit of money and
advertise and take the proceeds.
&gt;&gt; Another big debate between you and
Alexandra is this Tesla and SpaceX um
potential merger between the two. Um do
you guys want to since you're both here,
do you guys want to set the stage up and
explain what the difference is between
what you guys are thinking? I don't
think we're actually differing on that
it will happen. But what we are
differing on is Larry is being very
conservative and thinking it will take
time and it will happen. And I am very
hopeful that it would happen very
quickly. Obviously, that is a lot of
hopeful thinking because the sooner it
happens, the sooner Tesla's share price
and SpaceX's share price are going to
march in lock step. And I would like all
these index inclusions to help and
benefit all of us. Now, is that very
realistic? Probably not. I do, however,
believe that thinking that Elon's team
not only manages an IPO, which Larry can
tell you is one of the toughest things
you can do in the world, um, also
reaches then out to the NASDAQ and says,
"Okay, do remember we could always go to
Texas as well on the stock exchange,
right?" So, setting the tone. So, how
about you all think about how quickly
you can change all your rules. You've
had all these rules for decades, but now
you're going to change all these rules
so that within 15 days, we've got a
NASDAQ 100 inclusion. So, who in the
world comes up with that? Only somebody
who has gone through index inclusion and
knows what a pain in the ass it is.
Sorry, my English. So, so the fact that
they must have been sitting around a
table and Elon said, you know what, we
have some leverage here. They want us.
They want this biggest IPO on the
NASDAQ. We do have a back card. They
have to give something. And the thing
that is important for me is this 15 days
inclusion just tells me that you know
once you're on that because I call that
financial engineering. This is and and
this is the highest level. I love
financial engineering. I've worked in
that field for a long time. I found this
always passionate. You know how you can
find these little corners of the
financial world to arbitrage things. But
going there it doesn't seem like a big
step of thinking how can we slip in
Tesla in this whole thing very early as
well. Now again this is very hopeful
thinking because I think there's a
premium that's another point we disagree
on. Larry thinks there's no premium
needed. You have two great companies.
The market is making the price. I think
they should be at the same market cap at
the moment they get together when the
offer comes out. But be it. We can
disagree on all those.
&gt;&gt; The market cap is going to be set by the
market. Look, we can disagree about the
price, but the market will set the
price. Here's the issue about the the
speed of the um merger. It's going to
any merger has to go through a fairly
rigorous
uh SEC pro process. It's got nothing to
do with NASDAQ. NASDAQ will lie over
and, you know, agree to anything to get
Tesla onto NASDAQ because they know that
Tesla could go to the Texas Stock
Exchange and be the birthing, you know,
stock for that exchange. Uh, and and
would love to do it. I mean, SpaceX.
&gt;&gt; So, but but the real issue is the SEC.
There are rigorous rigorous rules around
mergers and particularly uh if there's a
merger of equals which I believe there
will be. Now merger of equals doesn't
mean you you you don't get a premium.
Merge of equals simply means that you
set a price where the two merge
at market. And so if there's going to be
a premium
paid for Tesla, the market will set that
premium. In other words, on the day of
the listing, the degree of the success
of the listing will have an immediate
and impactful
and and great impact on the Tesla share
price.
So, if the listing is at
$2 trillion,
the Tesla
market cap is going to rise
sympathetically and dramatically.
If it's at one and a4 trillion, the
Tesla share price is going to waver a
little bit, come up a little. There's
going to be some increase. If it's at
1.5,
there's going to be a sympathetic rise.
If it's 1.75, a good rise. If it's two,
a very big rise. I think that's what's
going to happen. And that will set the
stage for a merger of equals where
there's an absolute connection. I mean,
because it's a merger of equals, there's
either a surviving company or there is a
new new company setup. In this case,
there's going to be a surviving company
in my judgment
&gt;&gt; simply because SpaceX has the voting
priority for Elon built in and he starts
the day with the kind of majority
majority vote.
&gt;&gt; And the other Yeah. And the other thing
is that the terms of the um of the
SpaceX
um um
corporate charter is very favorable in
every respect. It was very well thought
through when it was created. So bottom
line is I I think there will be a merger
of equals. I think the market will set
the premium
by itself and I think a merger of equals
always requires that no side gets a gets
a
some sort of premium. Okay. So I think
it's actually a more
&gt;&gt; I think we actually agree on more than I
thought. Now let me get to the point in
my scenario the merger itself will be
consumed sometimes next year next summer
or whatever. That is the moment where
SpaceXnew entity I think it's SpaceX but
we'll see uh will replace Tesla in the
S&amp;P 500. That is the when there's really
a legal end to the merger. Okay. So I
don't think the merger will happen like
that in a couple of weeks. No, no, no.
There are lots of steps that I think
will all be all these hurdles will be
able to overcome but they all need to be
administered and all these all these
issues have to be cleared. So for me the
question is how soon will they announce
it? Okay. And how will they announce it?
&gt;&gt; So and my announcement my announcement
it was it's good we talk to each other.
Good thing Herbert invites us from time
to time. See Larry. Um so
&gt;&gt; answer my calls.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Yeah. There you go. So my
hypothesis is
contrary to you, it's not just um
announcement that SpaceX wants to absorb
Tesla. They would obviously phrase it
nicer than what I do now, but it would
be because I looked at his announcement
for Twitter. I looked at his
announcement for Solar City. It would be
at a price. It would be stock for stock
at a price. And that price would be in
my view to get Tesla to the same market
cap than SpaceX is on that day of the
announcement.
&gt;&gt; That's a crazy thought. I I mean, I'm
sorry to be as blunt as this, but you
can't say a company is going to be the
same value as another company because
they've got completely different assets
and completely different uh cash flows.
I mean, and that's that's a crazy
thought, but a merger of equals doesn't
set a price for each stock. A merger of
equals says that at this price at the
price that the stock is and at the price
the stock is, we're going to merge the
companies. That the value of the
companies are like a merger of equals.
Now if you want to set the value of both
companies to be equal then there may
have to be some other adjustments in
terms of the the companies but that
there will that there could be an
announcement very early of an intention
to merge these company as equals could
be made on the day after the IPO for all
that
&gt;&gt; there we are and from that moment on the
two stocks will move in lock step. Will
it be exactly the same? Who knows? that
there uh there are arbitrage funds in
the billions here in the United States
that play this game exactly like that
meaning they give a probability that
this merger will happen within
&gt;&gt; 8 n 10 12 months
&gt;&gt; let's say it's very high because here we
have the controlling shareholder being
the same and the interest and the public
and the retail retail will play such a
huge role here you have no idea we will
talk nothing else for a year because we
will have to motivate the troops so if
they give this probability a very high
probability
That means the lock step is very tight.
So you have a perfect catch of a
Starship, SpaceX goes up, Tesla goes up.
You have a god forbid a Tesla accident,
Tesla goes down, space. So from that
moment on, it moves.
&gt;&gt; Guys, there's there's a there's
something wrong here. Okay? If if Tesla
if SpaceX goes IPO, they cannot in their
prospectus not mention at all anything
about Tesla. Absolutely. They can.
&gt;&gt; No, no, but okay. So, so they're going
to go IPO and not say anything about it.
Then the next day they say we're going
to want to buy. They can do that.
&gt;&gt; In 24 hours afterwards is a little it's
it looks a little suspicious.
&gt;&gt; But we're in Texas.
&gt;&gt; We're in Texas. Typically it, you know,
give it a month or two. Okay.
&gt;&gt; And so that's I may
15 trading days.
&gt;&gt; 15 trading days I think. Okay.
&gt;&gt; I honestly do believe that that you know
it'll come from
&gt;&gt; like the outside and Elon will say,
"Yeah, it's not a bad idea. We'll look
at it." And then, you know, a week or so
later it'll happen.
&gt;&gt; Larry, I think you should ask it on X.
Wouldn't it be now a good idea? And then
&gt;&gt; I've already asked it. I I I
say it. Just wait for it. started this
whole this whole palava with this you
know that article
&gt;&gt; and you do understand that neither to
you neither to me I mean I have had zero
likes people asked me did he like any of
your art zero very early on we had a
couple of likes that people published
&gt;&gt; you shouldn't talk about anymore
&gt;&gt; zero likes
&gt;&gt; whether or not you did or didn't
&gt;&gt; well neither neither did I have any
likes I do do not think he would be he
would dare to to
&gt;&gt; exactly
&gt;&gt; comment on this
&gt;&gt; now now let me let me get you another
thing out. So you remember we moved out
of Delaware. We don't we all remember
who is traumatized all four of us. So we
moved out of Delaware. SpaceX moved out
of Delaware after us. Tesla did the new
bylaws. I don't have uh you know I don't
have any insight into SpaceX's
documents. But I would
&gt;&gt; download them.
&gt;&gt; You can download. Okay. I would bet that
SpaceX also wrote new bylaws in Texas.
And I do believe those bylaws I would
really like to study because they will
give you a very good indication how an
acquisition is handled because I in in
the in the new Texas
&gt;&gt; send them to Yeah.
&gt;&gt; Good. Please.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. I
Yeah.
I I'll let you have it. Actually,
those bylaws that they SpaceX um adopted
in Texas were not that different from
the by the bylaws in Delaware, which
were much better than the Tesla ones
because Elon did not form the Tesla
company.
&gt;&gt; That's it. And then the at the IPO, he
didn't change them. They didn't make the
necessary changes. I agree. So, if you
could actually give me the Delaware and
the Texas one so I see what they changed
because I think that's going to be a
really good indicator. I'm already
looking forward to that. I have no idea.
&gt;&gt; So, the part um I don't agree with you,
Larry, is that SpaceX goes IPO, SpaceX
announces that they're going to merge
with Tesla, but there's going to have to
be a premium. I know you said market
sets it all that, but Larry, it's
common.
&gt;&gt; It's a common practice. You're you're
wrong. You're wrong.
for one company to announce they're
going to merge with another that they
will then say this is the price
will never
&gt;&gt; because you need to get the shareholders
to vote on it and you want to show them
hey we're going to give you a premium
whatever the price point is there
&gt;&gt; herbert I invite you to read my posts I
posted on this issue there's a thing
called a merger of equals has been done
very often and on very large scale very
large scale and a merger of equals. One
company doesn't issue a buyout offer for
another company. Both companies issue a
merger of equals statement where they
say we're going to buy we're going to
combine these two companies as a single
company.
&gt;&gt; Okay, Terry, I get you. But the thing is
that currently there are in Tesla and I
mean I know they No, let me just pull
one back. I have an open question with
Travis Axelro now for four months and
you all know about it because you heard
me talking about it at that moment. How
many outstanding shares do we have? Why
is that such a such a question? We were
hoovering around 3.3 billion outstanding
shares for a long time. Then came the
vote to allocate the 2025 compensation
package to Elon. That meant an issuance
of restricted stock of 400 something
million shares. And so that increased
the 3.3 to 3.75 billion. Why is that
important? Because funds like Vanguard
who was at 10% of the 3.2 billion is
suddenly only down to 8%, right? Because
the whole thing went up by that. Um,
State Street went now
&gt;&gt; straight on the 3.1.
&gt;&gt; Okay.
&gt;&gt; I'll give you an answer to I'll give you
an answer to your question.
on Tuesday a week, we will get the the
um the
&gt;&gt; Q
&gt;&gt; the Q 10 Q and it will give us exactly
the share.
&gt;&gt; Well, it already did in the 10K give you
3.75.
Okay. There's still
&gt;&gt; the 10 Q will give us the update. Yeah,
&gt;&gt; exactly. So, so we'll see on that. But
anyway, so that is that is the one
thing. So now you have these index
shares, these index funds, these index
funds have
&gt;&gt; just before you get just before you get
there, I just want to make sure that
Herbert is on aligned with what I've
just said because we'll we'll get to
that tactical issue in emergency.
&gt;&gt; Emergency of equals does not mean that
somebody has to acquire which means that
you don't have to say this is how much
we're going to do it for. I get it, but
it's just that you still need to have
shareholders to approve.
&gt;&gt; That's a whole different matter. And the
point is that the shareholders to
approve will happen at when the share
prices of both those companies you know
are are disclosed by the market to both
sides.
So after the after the flotation, after
the IPO,
I I hold that the Tesla shares are going
to rise in sympathy, as I've said
before, with the SpaceX shares, but at
that point, the market has established a
value for Tesla and they've established
a value for SpaceX. That's the price at
which they will join. Sorry, I'm sorry,
Alexander. Why don't you
&gt;&gt; Okay. And so for the vote, this is an
uphill battle, remember? So it's great
that we are suddenly at 3.7 billion. But
what also 3.7 billion means is we need
50% of all outstanding shares plus one
to get an approval. So that's a high
bar. I did my calculations in that
article. Elon has a part of it, but for
the part that belongs to those not yet
reached milestones of the 2025 package,
it's actually mirror voting, meaning
they will just reflect what everybody
else votes. So only if he reaches to any
milestones before that does he really
have a power on those. So that dilutes
it, but it makes our goal of getting to
1.8 billion much higher. So we need
those index funds. No index funds, and I
went into that in a recent article, no
index funds. and they have now two
committees per fund manager to get
around those DEI issues they were
accused of. So they put a mirror cabinet
into each of them. So you have two
decision makers in Vanguard, two
decision-m group, whatever. So all these
people need to be convinced that they
should agree to this and they will not
agree if the Tesla share price didn't
benefit from it. I can tell you that
straight away.
&gt;&gt; I don't agree with that.
&gt;&gt; Main the premium is one of main things
on their explaining what they need. I
highly disagree with that. Highly
disagree with that. It may be retail
shareholders don't understand a merger
of equals but certainly indexed um
governance governors understand it very
well and their their their judgment has
got nothing to do with premium. Their
judgment has to do with value before and
value after.
And so the question is, is the value
enhanced by the merger or is it
deraggated by the merger? Typically in a
merger of equals, you really have a open
question about it because you've got two
different managements. You've got two
different issues. You've got
not a lot of not a lot of real, you
know, value add by putting the two
companies together. This is a completely
different situation.
This is such a different situation where
it is so patent that there's value add
by putting them together that the
question is is my stock going to go up
faster. Is it going to be added to value
by joining them or is it not? It's an
entirely different entirely different
question of do I want this guy to be the
chairman of the company? Do I want to
give him incentive? It's a question of
&gt;&gt; are the two going to merge together? I
mean, I've been in these conversations,
you know, I'm I'm certainly not an index
fund, but I've been in the conversations
of
is my duty better serve am I better
serving my duty to vote for or against
because I I just have this, you know,
very important duty to the shareholders
and I'm bound to serve that duty. And
and to me it's a very straightforward
vote because clearly Tesla and SpaceX
are better together than apart. So on
top of it, on top of it, if that vote
would go south, let's just say we vote
end of October and that vote would go
south. My gosh, your Tesla value, which
would have appreciated all this time
between June, July, and October, right?
In preparation of this announcement,
after the announcement, but in
preparation of this next summer merger,
if there result, your stock price is in
pre-fold
&gt;&gt; kind of pre. Yeah, I agree. So, so
bottom line is we agree.
I just think there's not going to be any
we offer you this amount of for that.
That's not going to happen. There's just
going to be
&gt;&gt; a proposal
by the board to meet, you know, there's
going to be an exchange of letters.
They're going to be a board meeting.
There's going to be an agreement to do a
merger of equals. And then there's going
to be all the paperwork done by the
lawyers, approved by Elon, and then
published and and the process will go
forward. And it can go forward very
quickly because it's going to be very
easy to join these two boards together.
They already got several members in
common.
&gt;&gt; Sure.
&gt;&gt; Um and there will be
&gt;&gt; IRA is playing a much more important
role now. Ira is on every picture and
Ira is the one connecting those two
things. But he's always been he's always
been important to me. But now he's in
the front.
&gt;&gt; Now he's present. Yeah. But the the
other thing is, you know, it just makes
so much sense to increase the size of
the board to add all of these members
because they everyone has got, you know,
outstanding. Anyway, that's just my
&gt;&gt; No, no, I wouldn't want to lose any of
them. I mean, I don't know how much on
the on the basic,
&gt;&gt; you know, I wish Gwyn were like five
years younger because, you know, she
&gt;&gt; she looks she looks great to me.
&gt;&gt; Fantastic. and she's got a lot of energy
because she's obviously going to be the
CEO, you know, the COO. We call it a CO.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; Anyway, that's my view.
&gt;&gt; This is going to be
&gt;&gt; We're much closer than anything. I have
to look into the merger of equals. I
don't know much about it. And I would
like that you sent me a
&gt;&gt; little article about it. I published it.
I mean,
&gt;&gt; you know, there is something in doing
your own research and I really encourage
everybody who reads my articles as well,
do your own research. There is really
something very passionate about, you
know, getting to that asking and now
with AI, it is easy. You just have to
ask the right and good questions.
&gt;&gt; This is getting very exciting, guys,
because it looks like everything's on
track for a June SpaceX IPO. And the
numbers everybody's banning out right
now is either 1.75 trillion or even two
trillion.
&gt;&gt; Oh, he said no to that. He said no.
&gt;&gt; He said no to the two trillion. Let's
say it's 1.75. It's not in his It's not
in his thr. The market's going to
decide.
&gt;&gt; Well, it's not it's not Elon's decision.
&gt;&gt; The next day,
&gt;&gt; the market will decide the next day.
&gt;&gt; They have to set
&gt;&gt; day.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. They have to set a price
&gt;&gt; at which they will sell the shares. And
that's not going to be two trillion. I
guarantee it.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; It's not going to be much more than 1.5
trillion. They're aiming for 1.75. It's
going to be tough,
but if they go at like 1.5
to 1.6, I think it's going to top out in
the 1.8 mark as long as the market
maintains its current course.
&gt;&gt; End of day, end of day, first day IPO.
Yeah,
&gt;&gt; you'll think it's going to jump up to
1.8, maybe two.
&gt;&gt; That's my
&gt;&gt; Then who knows what's going to happen
after that, but then you guys are
saying,
&gt;&gt; I tell you what happens on day 15. Yes.
&gt;&gt; And please don't listen to any of these
Wall Street people that we have in in
our community who tell you that oh no
the index inclusion is nothing people
the index funds will prepay and prep
purchase. Anyone who went through 2020
knows that's exactly not true. They
bought on the day. They bought on the
day all in the same minute in the
morning. It was crazy.
&gt;&gt; 15 days after 15 days after the IPO
&gt;&gt; trading day. So that should have a bunch
a bump
&gt;&gt; and because everybody knows it's coming
&gt;&gt; then it should
&gt;&gt; there is so little flow. Well, the one
thing the one thing we currently don't
know yet because we haven't seen the S1
is the lockup period of people like
Larry who are early investors and who
want to get out, right? If
&gt;&gt; 15 days
&gt;&gt; 15 days,
&gt;&gt; you know it.
&gt;&gt; So he can get out on the IPO day. He can
get out on the NASDAQ conclusion day.
&gt;&gt; That brings the float much higher. Okay,
that completely changes my calcul. That
reassures me they will announce that
merger ahead of it.
&gt;&gt; Was that ahead of time? you know there
there are so if you read if you read
your merger of equals you'll see there's
quite a lot of busy work
&gt;&gt; that you have to do before you can
announce it and you can't start that
busy work until after the IPO because
you can't announce it before the IPO.
&gt;&gt; So I think that honestly I think it's
going to be a couple of months at the
very limit minimum because
&gt;&gt; you not only have to do the work but you
have to be seen to do the work. So
&gt;&gt; yeah, but I mean it's but anyway, we'll
see. So can I push you a little bit
more? I mean, come on. If I get out of
you the bylaws and the 15 days, that was
glorious day. So
&gt;&gt; I have to I have to check. I don't
&gt;&gt; I don't think I've got the Delaware
bylaws, but I'm almost
&gt;&gt; if we have if we have all early
investors being able I mean just so that
people understand usually the lockup
period for early investors is six
months. In some exceptions they bring it
down to three months. If they bring it
down to 15 days that means that maybe
all that was my question just to Larry
could bring their shares to the market
after this 15-day lockup period. So that
would coincide with the day that the
index inclusion happens. And just also
this is not only NASDAQ 100. These
people did their job. I have no idea who
he has sitting around that table, Elon,
but they went to MSCI, they went to many
smaller indices. Now, the person
reaching out to me who works exactly in
that field and said, "You've never seen
anything like that, how they
systematically worked with all these
indices on dates how to get them into
the how to get SpaceX into those
indices." So, they're doing their work
and very thorough.
And the S&amp;P 500 inclusion can only
happen after the merger is legally
consumed. So that one will be couple of
months later SEC and all these
authorities having looked at it and then
it will happen. And the S&amp;P 500
inclusion just for that little story
will be good as well. But that is very
difficult to estimate today because it
depends on the then float of Tesla and
the then float of SpaceX because the spa
the the S&amp;P inclusion is really much
more linked to to the float and then
SpaceX or the new entity will absorb
Tesla's place. So if Tesla is let's say
number seven in the in the index SpaceX
the new company will overtake that will
compare how much float there is and then
they have to purchase everything they
don't have yet on that float. Well, I
think the merge company will be one of
the largest, if not the largest on on
the on
&gt;&gt; and and nobody has ever seen anything
like that that you have a merger being
the number one S&amp;P 500 inclusion
overtaking well one of the top five by
then probably at that moment. This is
going to be something to watch for I can
tell you and the float of it is the big
question that that is going to be really
the thing now. You have to know that
every everybody over 5% has to start
reporting once they IPOed. So we'll get
much more of a feel who keeps and who
doesn't. But this is going to be
passionate for a couple of months for
people like me.
&gt;&gt; This is um you both agree that this uh
merger might happen sorry the IPO SpaceX
might happen in June that the
announcement might happen months
afterwards which means it could all
happen by this year.
&gt;&gt; I would say the earliest you're going to
hear an announcement is in the August
time frame. I know that Alexandria and I
&gt;&gt; this year
&gt;&gt; I think it's been earlier. Yeah.
&gt;&gt; Okay. But I mean like we're talking like
summer.
This is crazy guys. And then you both
agree that the the stocks should be
&gt;&gt; it's not going to happen in August
because it's Yeah. It's going to happen
after the end of August. September is
the right time frame. Yeah.
&gt;&gt; And then when would the shareholder vote
be uh Alexander?
&gt;&gt; That's why I think it's early because it
takes or
&gt;&gt; March.
Well, I think we'll have the shareholder
vote again in November. And for it to be
in November, we have to have a proxy in
September
&gt;&gt; can't happen.
&gt;&gt; Well, it depends all on the special
committee. If they put in place that
special committee and use that as a
&gt;&gt; because we have this we have had no sh
no no shareholder meeting,
&gt;&gt; right?
&gt;&gt; So, it would be coming up for November.
I still do believe it will happen in
November. I mean, I hear you. it and it
would be and in my article I wrote if
this happens it's like you know not
breathing for a couple of months because
they really have to bring one up
&gt;&gt; read read the read up on the
&gt;&gt; mergers of equals
&gt;&gt; merger of equals and you know I I I put
the time yeah I mean it it'll take time
and and that's not a problem because
they're both public companies the
trading will become automat
automatically aligned and uh it doesn't
matter whether it happens you know from
a index point of view it may matter but
otherwise it's okay.
&gt;&gt; Well, I love that we have these
discussions. I I learn a lot from you
and I hope I bring a little bit of my
perspective into
&gt;&gt; Oh, yeah. I Nobody knows. Nobody knows
about these procedures like you do. But
I mean, we'll see. Time will tell. Time
will tell.
Just one last thing because I'm not sure
Herbert wanted to talk about it, but you
should hear how Larry praises me with
Randy the day that Delaware thing got
moved. I was listening to that while
falling asleep and then I suddenly heard
Larry saying all these nice things and I
woke up. My husband said, "Look, look,
listen, listen. Larry saying good things
about me.
&gt;&gt; Thank you."
&gt;&gt; Say good about you. Always says good
things about you.
&gt;&gt; I know. But just so that people know,
this was, you know, the day that
&gt;&gt; she's blushing the color of her sweater.
&gt;&gt; You did great. You did good.
&gt;&gt; Comes up. I That was really what a
victory that was.
&gt;&gt; That was a huge victory.
&gt;&gt; Amazing. Amazing.
&gt;&gt; Okay. Uh both of you guys, first of all,
thank you very much. This is something
that shareholders, Tesla shareholders
really appreciate. This is real research
you guys have shared with us and real
signal and we'll just have to see what
ends up happening. But you guys have
shared as much as you know. Appreciate
that. Uh Jeeoff, do you want us any last
comment? Haven't heard from you for like
15 minutes.
&gt;&gt; It was a great conversation. I was
looking for more fighting. Didn't get
it. Um but no, it was it was it was very
helpful. It just I was actually looking
online. I saw Tesla manufacturing posted
&gt;&gt; about um being in I guess the Tesla
Berlin. To me, that signal is
&gt;&gt; if he's there, that means CyberCab is on
track. It's either already started
&gt;&gt; or it has or it's delayed by many
months.
&gt;&gt; And that means they're going to have to
put a battery line there, a couple of
battery lines.
&gt;&gt; The point is is he's travel if he's
traveling there, what's what's happening
at home in Austin and the US has to be
on track because that's the number one
priority for the company. So, I just
drew that for now. Who knows? I have I I
have a prediction of very very very
robust sales in Europe coming up in the
next couple of quarters.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, even improving in Germany. Good
old Germany.
&gt;&gt; Powerful show.
&gt;&gt; Good old Germany.
&gt;&gt; Fantastic. Thank you both. Uh thank you
Jeff Alexandra and Larry. Thank you all.
Bye everybody.
&gt;&gt; Thanks Herbert.
&gt;&gt; I've created a website that is the most
comprehensive resource for the Tesla
investor. Please check it out. Simply go
to my website at herbert.com.