Channel:     futureaza
Title:       High Gas Prices Are Becoming Tesla’s Best Salesman
URL:         https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2gMcBKgg_vM
Published:   2026-04-11 12:00 UTC
Fetched:     2026-04-11 13:00 UTC

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Gas prices are high and getting higher.
But higher still is the price of petrol.
Yes, our friends in uh Europe are having
a even tougher time because their taxes
on gasoline is even higher. So what is
going on? What kind of incentives even
exist? What is the mood like on the
other side of the pond? Well, joining me
is Will from Tesla Jigsaw. Uh good to
see our friends back on the channel once
again. Let's have a conversation. I'm
Brian. Welcome to Futurazza.
So, I should tell viewers, uh, before
the show, Will said, "You seem like
you're in a bad mood." I said, "I woke
up with a bloody nose." And Will said,
"Everyone wakes up with a nose, Brian."
Yeah. I woke up with a bloody nose.
&gt;&gt; Going have to think about that one,
Brian.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. This is all new
information to Will. I just thought that
was
&gt;&gt; Totally. Yeah. How are you?
&gt;&gt; Good. Good. not spoke to you since
Friday when we did a big live video.
That was fun, wasn't it?
&gt;&gt; That was a lot of fun.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Thanks for coming on the show.
&gt;&gt; Good to see a bunch of the regulars in
there like Gary and others. Yeah. So,
let's see here. Uh for those who don't
know, uh Will has a channel on all of
these great topics here and uh this is a
lot of fun. He's covers all kinds of fun
stuff and uh you should follow him. I
do. I do not regret it. It's wonderful.
So, uh, what we're going to talk about
first is, uh, what is the price of gas
of petrol these days?
&gt;&gt; Yeah, it's not good. So, the average
family car now in the UK, the average
petrol car is £85 to fill up. Um, with
with diesel, uh, it's even worse at well
over £100 now for the average family
car. Um, which is obviously very bad. Um
the rule of thumb which you know myself
and other EV advocates are trying to let
everyone desperately know is that if you
were to drive an electric vehicle and
you do have a driveway like the vast
majority of people here in the UK um you
know that price would be a tenth uh if
you were to fuel uh with electricity at
home from an overnight electricity char
uh tariff. So um it seems some early
adopters I guess you know are we still
early adopters in these days to electric
cars? I guess we are. Um, but it's taken
a lot of people a long time to catch up
to the massive money-saving
uh, you know, trick of just going
electric. It's quite a surprise.
&gt;&gt; Now, uh, you say 80 pounds. For the
viewers at home, it's about 1.3
uh, pound uh, dollars to the pound. Is
that right? Let me look here. One pound
is a buck 32 to buck 35. So, that's
expensive. That's over a hundred bucks
for a normal car, diesel. uh being $130
plus to fill up. Uh before the show, I
went ahead and pulled up uh average gas
price. I found uh Asda at 1 pound52 a
liter. That comes out to 763 a gallon.
Um there are a handful of places in the
US that are that high, but it's, you
know, uh out in the middle of nowhere at
the top of a mountain or like right next
to the airport car return where they got
you. Uh, so those are pretty outrageous
uh prices. And you said it's about 90%
cheaper. Now, you've done a lot of
driving in your Model 3 back uh when you
first got your Model 3 when people were
probably still of the opinion that oh,
you must be rich. Was that a perception
that people had of you at the time?
&gt;&gt; I'm not sure really. That's that's an
odd odd uh odd way to look at it, I
suppose. But nowadays there there's just
no real good excuse for um for
suggesting that an electric car is uh
just for the rich because you can easily
get an electric car. You can get a Model
3 for less than £10,000 uh on the used
market which wow
&gt;&gt; would do me just fine. I mean you to be
to be honest we did move to a a um well
premium rearwheel drive Juniper last
year. Um but to be quite honest, we
could have quite happily kept our
Californiaifornian made 2019 Model 3
forever and it would have been more than
happy um you know pling around doing the
very limited mileage that we actually
do. Um but of course the secondhand EV
market in the UK is exploding too. You
could easily get a a very cheap
runaround electric car for £2,000.
&gt;&gt; Wow.
&gt;&gt; Which is which is quite insane. And then
also have the benefit of charging at
home and being super cheap. So for the
frugal, it makes so much sense. Uh, I
think it's just that, you know, it's the
getting over the the mainstream media,
um, you know, attacks on EVs over the
years that have just made their ways way
into the brains of so many people that
still think they need 500 mile range.
They still think there's not enough
charges in the country that, you know,
they still don't think that they're
going to explode every time you you
leave the house or that you need to
replace your batteries. Um it is a bit
like feel like you're banging your head
against a brick wall a lot of the time
still speaking to people in 2026
but you know
&gt;&gt; yeah well in a minute we're going to
talk about the incentives that are
available in the UK but a question I
have is uh what kinds of vehicles are
available on the secondhand market under
£5,000?
&gt;&gt; Um well there just all the classic old
ones really. So BMW i3s and Nissan
Leafs, Rena Zois, just tons of the of
the old electric cars, which again, if
you're just looking for a runaround, uh,
that'll probably just do 100 miles tops,
you know, that that would be more than
adequate. It's certainly what I would do
in that situation for for example, if we
if we couldn't afford a, you know, a
monthly payment on the car, we would
most certainly be having a little cheap
runaround.
&gt;&gt; And that's the reality. I still see
posts on X where people say, "Uh, yeah,
how am I if gas prices are so high, your
solution is buy a $100,000 car?" No. No.
That's what What are you talking about?
Uh, no one is suggesting that as a as a
way to be frugal. Uh, we're suggesting,
you know, a 30 $40,000 car or a used 30
$40,000 car that's now 20 or 25 and
still pretty new. Uh, it's a little
crazy to look at it that way because I
have had people even still within the
last year see my car and go, "Oh, you
must be rich." It's like rich rich
people can afford to buy gas. I can't do
that.
&gt;&gt; That's it. Yeah. And there's something I
keep um that I pointed out recently in a
video that a friend of mine who took out
for a test drive in a Model 3. He's got
a Volvo uh S60 petrol 2 L. He spends
just under £400 a month on petrol. So
when I said to him, you get a charger
installed at home, switch to a Model 3,
your savings of £360 a month would
actually cover the cost of of a PCP on a
Tesla and you'd still have spare change.
So um it's it's crazy when you look at
the true value of it, but obviously that
comes to the people that do have
driveways and can charge at home. But
even even then, I've just been replying
to the comments in video put out
earlier. um someone who's a Tesla Model
3 owner uh just uses the supercharger
network and he still manages to save uh
you know a few hundred pounds um a year
just using the supercharger network
compared to if he was still in his
petrol car. So it's still cheaper even
if he were to not charge at home.
&gt;&gt; Crazy.
&gt;&gt; Crazy. So uh I know you did a video just
yesterday about uh incentives in the UK
for electric vehicles. What do we got?
What's going on? Well, we have the
electric car grant, which is the uh ECG,
which launched in 2025. So, this is an
automatic dealer discount on new battery
electric vehicles that are under 37,000.
Um, that's a very handy amount to be
under because, as you might know, the
Model 3 in the UK, the base version
starts at 37 950, I believe. Um so no
Tesla actually uh fits uh fits
underneath this threshold which is
unfortunate but there are some
requirements for this. Uh they need the
cars need a minimum range of 100 miles.
So that rules out toy cars such as the
Citroen Ammy and little ones like that.
No offense am drivers. They're fun
little cars. Um but there's also two
sustainability bands uh based on the
carbon footprint of manufacturing
especially battery production supply
chain. So, band one is the greenest uh
production and sustainability. That will
give you £3,750
off the price of a new car. Um, but um
yeah, apparently there's only around
nine cars that currently fit that
bracket. So, it's not quite as generous
as I thought. Band two, which gives
one5,000 off, is for vehicles that meets
minimum sustainability criteria but
don't reach the top standards. most
eligible EVs fall here and there's over
40 plus models and uh the dealer replies
these discounts automatically
automatically at purchase but apparently
Tesla would qualify uh with their you
know battery manufacturing and
sustainability efforts the quality of
fivey for the car grant if their prices
were under £37,000
but unfortunately they are not um so
what Tesla's done instead which is
rather clever uh they are currently
offering their own £3750 50 tradein
bonus for your old car. So, this is on
top of the value of your old car. It's
not money off that one. Uh, which
applies to all new inventory uh or new
threes or Y's, but not the performance
versions, which I've just found out. Um,
and uh, yeah, it's valid from April to
June 2026 so far with delivery deadlines
uh, which are which are quite short
apparently. And uh at the moment it also
stacks with the 0% um finance on the
nonp premium version. So the base
versions uh come in 0% finance and
you'll get an extra £500 off if you use
someone's referral link. So there's
plenty of extra benefits that Tesla are
putting out there which is uh pretty
cool.
&gt;&gt; That does make it a lot more affordable.
Um and it's unfortunate that the Citron
it doesn't qualify because look at that.
Come on.
&gt;&gt; So cute. It's similar to gummy.
&gt;&gt; Hilarious.
&gt;&gt; Oh, I've never ridden in one, but I've
sat in one at fully charged in
Farnbrough where we met.
&gt;&gt; Oh, yeah. Yeah,
&gt;&gt; it's
&gt;&gt; this was parked next to a a Cyber Truck
in uh in the London Everything Electric.
Just looks hilarious.
&gt;&gt; That's great.
&gt;&gt; That's perfect.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Got to get that juxtiposition
going.
&gt;&gt; Um on incentives, there's uh charging
incentives.
&gt;&gt; Uh that's right. So, if if you want to
have a charger fitted to your house and
you're a homeowner, there is nothing for
you. Um, that's that's not good at all.
But if you if you um rent a home or you
are in if you're in a flat or you're a
landlord, you can get up to £500 per
socket. And if you uh if you're there is
also a workplace charger scheme which
gives up to £500 per socket for a
maximum of 40 per business. uh that's
extended to March 2027. So there's some
small incentives there to get a a home
charger fitted. Um although companies
like Octopus Energy, which are huge in
the UK, um they not only offer some
great uh lease deals for electric
vehicles and they they also provide and
make their own heat pumps. Um, but they
do sort of have these extra incentives
with third parties such as um I think
it's like turbo charge where you can put
a a you know a gully and a a charge
cable from your house across the path to
the road. Um and also there's also uh an
incentive for something called
turbocharge which is to do with octopus
energy where this company will will come
and fit a charging uh station on the
path outside your house or in the
nearest lamp post and coupled with that
the um Octopus Energy has a thing called
an electroverse card. So you can then
just charge you know tap your chip and
pin against there and and charge your
car on any of those. but hopefully
outside your house as well. So, Octopus
are really trying to take care of
everyone's needs, driveway or not, and
uh also try and get the cost down. Oh,
and that Electroverse card also, you get
8% off all charging at all locations
where you can use the card, which is
most of the rapid charging network in
the UK.
&gt;&gt; That seems quite uh extensive and
reasonable.
&gt;&gt; Now, I understand uh uh Farnra in 23,
was it 23? I think it was uh we both got
to see the fair charge booth uh with
Quinton Wilson uh who was advocating
that they reduce the VAT on public
charging. Basically, the way it works is
at home you're not paying VAT on your
power. Why am I paying VAT on my power
if I don't have the luxury of owning a
home? And uh Fairch Charge was working
on that. I understand in the last month
we've seen finally some movement on
that. Do you do you know anything about
that?
&gt;&gt; Um well just to mention we do pay 5% VAT
at home which is what Quentyn Wilson
who's sadly no longer with us. He was
campaigning for for years to get the 20%
VAT rate on public charging down to 5%
because this would obviously help uh
people who don't have a driveway to be
able to charge um you know charge
publicly and not have to pay that. So I
do believe that something changed on
this just recently. So yeah what what
have you found out? Has it gone down to
5% already or
&gt;&gt; UK point uh court points way to domestic
reduced 5% rate on public charging.
&gt;&gt; Uh so it looks like uh if this is not
done it is close to done.
&gt;&gt; So that that would be because it's let's
be honest uh the fact that I can afford
a driveway to charge in doesn't mean I
should pay less for my for my car's
energy. Uh Quinton was right the whole
time. H.
&gt;&gt; So, uh,
&gt;&gt; absolutely.
&gt;&gt; And so, my last big question is, what's
the mood around EVs? I mean, I know 5 10
years ago, everybody was like, "Oh my
gosh, an EV, that's so weird, that's so
foreign, that's so exotic." But
everybody knows someone at the water
cooler who's got one now. And the mood
has definitely softened. And now that
gas prices have gone a little crazy, I
think the mood is softening even more.
Have you seen any change in the man on
the street opinions?
&gt;&gt; Yeah, well, obviously the people I I
tend to speak to, I try and persuade
them anyway whether they want the
conversation or not. Uh but you know,
I'm going just on uh on my little town
here in Market Harbor in the middle of
uh middle middle of England and I see an
awful lot of electric cars. I mean,
anywhere I travel to now, it's obviously
been growing an awful lot over the
years. Um on my street alone, there's
probably at least 10 electric vehicles
now, probably even more. Um so, you
know, we can see it with our own eyes.
It's definitely growing, but certainly
since everything's been kicking off in
in Iran recently, um there's more and
more people that are are coming to terms
with you that they can avoid these these
very regular hiccups in fuel prices with
the petrol pumps if they switch to
electric. And yeah, I think I think the
the mood has really changed. People are
people are waking up to the benefits of
of switching to electric.
&gt;&gt; That's good to hear. Um, this Fourth of
July weekend, we plan to be, the Oregon
Electric Vehicle Association is, uh,
strongly considering, we've almost
committed to having an EV information
booth where we will be ready with
binders to debunk all of your crazy
misinformation and uh, get you steered
back on the right path. It'll be a lot
of fun and, you know, uh, perhaps
stressful because, you know, a three-day
event. My goodness. I've never had to
run a booth for three days, but uh I'll
I'll be there for most of it shortly. Uh
anything exciting coming up that we
should know about? Any any news?
Anything you want to plug?
&gt;&gt; Um no, not particularly. If you didn't
see our lovely chat that I did uh on
last Friday, my will talk Tesla live
videos which go out every Friday. Brian
White uh happily came on my show and we
had a nice chat about pretty much
everything Tesla, didn't we? We covered
almost all the subjects and yeah, I I
thought it was fabulous. It's It's
always a pleasure talking to you, Brian.
So,
&gt;&gt; it was a lot of fun. You had some really
great questions and I think we got uh to
some really interesting uh conclusions.
Uh you did have one other thing we
talked about in the pre-show, which was
um the looming uh deadlines for
electrification in the UK. Uh what are
those?
&gt;&gt; Yes. Okay. So, that's the ZEV mandate.
So, the zero emission vehicle mandate,
uh, which is, um, no new petrol or
diesel car sales from 2030.
&gt;&gt; 30 20.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, it's gone back to 30. I mean, it
was 2030 and then it was 2035 and then
they brought it back to 2030. So, I can
imagine the entire car industry that's
having a flipping nightmare of a time
anyway, is just really happy with this
date continually changing. It must not
affect at all their supply chains. And
&gt;&gt; there's one thing the market loves, it's
chaos.
&gt;&gt; Oh, yeah. Yeah. noticed that it's very
helpful. Um, so basically we have a
rising zero emission sales target for
manufacturers. So it's 33% of vehicles
by 2026 have to be battery electric
vehicles or there will be fines for
these manufacturers.
&gt;&gt; Again, just piling on the problems for
these manufacturers that I don't have
too much sympathy for, but I understand
it must be very difficult trying to go
from an internal combustion engine
company to an electric and software
battery company. Um, so you know, but
they have been dragging their heels for
such a painfully long amount of time.
It's hard to have sympathy. Um, but also
there's another mandate that's uh coming
in soon, which is electric vehicles will
now pay vehicle exercise duty, which
used to be called road tax,
&gt;&gt; uh, which which no electric vehicles
have been paying, but it's obviously
fair that everyone who uses the road
should uh, pay and maintain it. It's
fair enough. However, the Genius
government have come up with a brilliant
pay-per- mile road charge for electric
vehicles by 2028. So, that's going to be
an interesting thing to watch. Who knows
whether it'll happen by then? Who knows
going to be in power by then? So, you
know, these these are all up in the air.
But, uh the big story is, you know,
there will be no more uh petrol or
diesel cars being produced by these
companies in 2030 if the current
government get their own way. The thing
is uh a lot of countries have a domestic
auto manufacturing base that they have
to cater to or they could accidentally
kill off one of their biggest
industries. Um UK does not have a lot of
auto manufacturing to protect. Uh which
is why we see flatter import duties
across brands. And I think it was pushed
to 2035 because it appeared that there
just wouldn't be enough vehicle choices
to get there. And now it's clearer that
there could be. I don't know if 2030
that feels too soon to me. 2035
definitely feels very realistic. But if
you look at the expansion of the VW
group, uh the expansion of BMW,
Mercedes, of course, all the Chinese
brands, uh Teslas are not outrageously
priced. You've got some options there. I
was just confused because I thought a
mandate looked more like this.
Ah, yes. I got to meet with Will uh when
we were in St. George about a year and a
half ago. That was a lot of fun. Uh got
to shoot some fun content there. And
&gt;&gt; we were judges, weren't we, for the
light show in the tent for Simon,
remember? That was great. And it was a
Halloween special, so it was full of
Cyber Trucks. I'd died and gone to
heaven with the spooky skeletons in it.
And
&gt;&gt; it was good fun. Great. It's so lovely
to meet so many people there. It was
really good. and Will and his mates
rented a cyber truck to drive around.
Oh, how cool.
&gt;&gt; I still dream of it.
&gt;&gt; Yeah,
&gt;&gt; guys, in the comments, what did we miss?
What do we misunderstand? Leave it. I
beg of you. If you enjoyed this, you can
subscribe, you can like, you can do all
those things. But whatever you do, uh,
go over and check out Tesla Jigsaw. I
will make sure we have a link in the
description. I already showed you what
it looks like. He's doing a lot of great
work over there. And everybody else,
stay tuned. Stay juicy and I cannot wait
to hear from you clever robots on the
flippity flop.