Channel:     jobhakdi
Title:       What This Tesla Stock Drop REVEALS About Robotaxi
URL:         https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Rjrf1s3zOOk
Published:   2026-04-02 20:15 UTC
Fetched:     2026-04-02 20:49 UTC

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Another
wild day in the markets after President
Trump gave a not so convincing speech
yesterday night and everyone was
freaking out and thinking, "Oh my god,
there is no plan." And the market
crashed pretty badly in the beginning of
today, but then recovered nearly
completely. Not so with Tesla. Tesla
took a giant hit, down 5.54%
while the NASDAQ is only down.
26% and why is that? Because Tesla
actually also came out with delivery
numbers for the last month and they are
not looking very pretty. And today we
are going to look at this these numbers.
But we also do something much more
important. We put these numbers into
perspective with what is actually to
come and why this reaction by Tesla
stock is completely inappropriate and in
fact in my opinion a great buying
opportunity pending of course the
insanity going on in Iran that might
very well escalate dramatically over the
Easter weekend. I'm afraid. So, I'm
holding a little bit back, but let's
assume we make it alive into next week
and the White House gives us a little
bit uh peace, a peaceful Easter, then
it's time to potentially double down.
And here is why. Let's take a look at
these numbers. Emit is reporting them
here on X. Many others are too, but
basically Tesla Q1 deliveries 358,000
versus two 372,000
expected. and energy of course came in
low. So what is the problem? When we do
the math here, we see that we are 14,000
deliveries short. Market freaking out.
Maybe energy is part of it. But I want
to focus on the cars. Look at this
disaster. Nearly all of these five, it's
nearly 5% pure negative alpha because
the beta, if you do the math, Tesla has
a beta of two. NASDAQ is down 26%. So
Tesla should be down uh actually
five uh.5% but it's down 5.5% which
means 5% down because of this situation.
Now I want to put this into perspective
and I want to just go through some very
quick math with with you. Sorry that
this doesn't look too pretty but I just
mapped this out just for this video very
quickly. We have a delta let's start
there. a delta of 14,000
deliveries. That is the equivalent if
you assume $6,000 margin per car. If
it's a Model Y and good margin, like a
slightly higher trim, the equivalent of
$84 million
that we were missing in this quarter.
Okay,
now very interesting. How does this
actually relate? How does this number,
this 84 million that we were missing
this quarter, that dropped the stock by
an incredible, incredible 5%. Of course,
we ignoring energy for a second, but
let's just look at the cars to make
clear what that means. Now, the robo
taxi has actually a margin. And here
comes the crazy thing that a lot of
people are not aware. every single robo
taxi when two when it drives 200 miles a
day. Okay, commercially 200 miles a day
unsupervised which is normal once it's
in operation
330 days a year. So I'm giving them a
lot of maintenance days
actually makes $50,000
in margin per year. Can you imagine
that? $50,000 in margin per year. That
is nearly eight. The equivalent of eight
Model Y's sold in every single robo
taxi. Eight Model Y's equivalent. But
this is also per year. Okay, this is per
year. Let that sink in. So this is quite
the crazy situation. And when you think
about this, the equivalent of these 84
million missing dollars, let's say in
this year, make it simple. Let's say in
a quarter, but let's say in this year,
you can do the math, extrapolate to the
year if you want, is 1,680
robo taxis, right? Not 14,000.
It's only 1,680. But now we have to also
consider that these robo taxis make that
every single year without being
reproduced again. If we assume the
depreciation is 10 years, which is a
normal assumption for a car. I mean,
it's an aggressive assumption, but let's
say it's 10 years. That means the
equivalent of robo taxis in full
commercial operation to make up for 84
million or 14,000 in this quarter is
only 168 robo taxis. Okay, let that sink
in. What does this all mean? It means
the stock is down 5%. Because we were
missing last quarter the equivalent of
168 robo taxis. Okay. And that tells you
something. That tells you what happens
when Robo Taxi actually launches. And
when we deploy hundreds and hundreds and
then thousands and thousands of these
things every single month, potentially
this year, thousands of them in a single
month, in December, in November, in
October and this is not a joke. This is
real. You can see how the stock reacts.
If we create the equivalent
of how the stock behaves based on a
14,000 Model Y miss or Model 3,
whatever, like a car sales miss, it's
the equivalent of 168 robot haxis. Maybe
you can multiply it with four if you say
this is quarterly and I'm comparing it
annually. Doesn't matter. And that tells
you how important it is. If we see the
equivalent of 5% of stock appreciation
with every additional incremental 168
robo taxis deployed, you can do the
math. You can do the math. If you take
this times 20, it means if you deploy
4,000 robo taxis, you double the stock.
If you deploy 8,000 robo taxis, you
triple the stock. If you deploy 12,000
robo taxis, you quadruple the stock. Of
course, I make it a little simple. We
have better models to determine that.
But just based on this reaction today of
the stock price and putting in the
equivalent in robo taxis, it shows you
how the market values cash flow and how
the market looks at Tesla and the
margins it brings in and how much it
drops it when Tesla underdelivers.
Logically, it should appreciate the same
amount if Tesla exceeds expectations by
the same amount. So, I hope you
understand what I'm saying here. This is
of course not a clean science. There's
energy business also a miss in here. But
even if you double these numbers or
whatever, you get my point. We're
talking about 168. And this is a quarter
by the way. This is a quarter. So you
could also argue well we have to
multiply this number, right? If you say
quarterly, we have to actually multiply
this number, right? Because here we have
the uh quarterly miss. So the equivalent
I said this is annually delivered. So we
have to multiply this by four, right? So
basically the miss is four times higher.
So this needs to be four times higher.
Basically this is four times higher. But
but you know how it goes. If we go where
I think we will go this year and deploy
thousands per month, if you deploy two
and a half thousand in the last month,
that's the equivalent of deploying
10,000
in a quarter. 10,000.
Okay. So, whatever the numbers are, if
we get to multiple thousands of robo
taxes deploying each month this year, it
will have an absolutely massive impact
on the stock. And we will learn not to
be mad at days like this when Tesla is
down 5%, because it missed some sales.
Because all this negativity that the
markets and the analysts are now pushing
on Tesla when it misses on their hard
business core will turn into excess
positivity once we deliver cash. I want
you to look at the two sides of the
coin. Some people say, "Hey, Tesla is
not a car company anymore. What is the
market doing? Why is it dropping it so
much?" because the market in the end
still cares about cash flow. But that
goes in both directions. It also means
once we deliver excess cash flow to the
extent that robo taxi will deliver it,
we will see these effects completely
reverse to the upside. That is why we
have to understand
160 robo taxis deployed is the
equivalent of that miss of Q1. So it
boils down to the question, do you
believe as I do that we will get to
multiple hundreds deployed every single
month very soon and potentially multiple
thousands deployed every single month as
early as Q4 of this year? And if that
happens, we will see the stock, as I
said multiple times, double and triple
this year. I do believe I repeat it now
if Tesla manages to deliver and deploy
over 10,000 robo taxis more over 20,000
between 10 and 20,000 the stock is
likely to go above $1,000. That is what
I believe and today is one of the days
when you read between the lines when you
read the numbers that actually confirms
that logic. So all the discussions and
all the panic can be condensed into one
single question. Do you believe that
robo taxi is real? Do you believe that
cyber cap is going to scale without a
steering wheel? Sorry, Faza. We will see
if they sell it with a steering wheel
far will be the greatest man that ever
lived on X. But if not, it's going to be
bad. If you believe as me, as I do and
many others do, that Robboex is real and
CyberCap is coming, that we observing
FSD 14.3 being deployed, that we
observing that CyberCap is now starting
to scale very likely in April. You have
to get ready. You have to get ready
because this whole situation can flip in
an instant. Iran can be over in an
instant. As early as next week or the
week after, maybe after another drop if
they go nuts again. But once it's over,
all eyes on Tesla. And when all eyes are
on Tesla, that means all eyes are on
Cyber Cap and the question if he can
scale. If there was ever a time in the
last 5 years to pay absolute attention
every day to all the news, of course to
me first on X and here, but also all the
other great channels that follow that so
closely and all the other great Tesla
tubers and Tesla Xers from Soya Meritt
to of course the great Herbert to of
course Amit and everyone else even
Fazard. We have to watch this because
once this happens you can't think in
analogies and you cannot get lazy and
follow inertia of the stock going down
or flat for for the last 5 years. When
it happens it happens in a big way and
that big is very likely coming now this
quarter. So let's stay tuned and watch
that like hawks not warhawks. Greet
hawks. We want to actually nail this
stock inflection point. I think it's
very soon. I hope that was interesting.
See you tomorrow.