Channel:     futureaza
Title:       Sales surge, Huge Energy Projects, Unlikely Losers & MORE in the Monday News Roundup
URL:         https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=obvea8cw3BE
Published:   2026-09-07 11:56 UTC
Fetched:     2026-09-07 18:00 UTC

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Good Monday, the 7th of September. Good
Monday, one and all. Uh even to those
who do not celebrate Mondays. I know my
friend Garfield does not care for them.
Don't know why. It's not like he has
anything to do apart from finishing that
pan of lasagna. It's kind of his jam. Uh
so the way this news works is I give you
all the news I can as quick as I can.
And then there's a Q&amp;A at the end. If
you have questions, get them into the
live chat and I will do my best to
address them. I'm Brian. Welcome to
Futurza. Hey, so I'm back from Nepal.
That's cool. Uh there'll be more
discussion about that in a little bit.
Uh so what we've got here is this. Zuks
has launched its first airport robo taxi
service. Major milestone. It's in Las
Vegas. It's Harry Reid Airport. Pick you
up at the airport, drop you off curbside
at your hotel. What's not to like? And
you say, "Well, Zuks doesn't have a
future." Maybe they do. Maybe they do.
Maybe they carve out their little
corner. If their system works, it works.
And let's uh let them be the uh the
crazies. Let me see. Is is my sound low?
My sound is really low. You know what?
Going to reboot the microphone. See if
that That's better. Right. The levels
look better. Rebooted the microphone.
Thank you for the heads up. Low sound.
uh let's let uh Zuks and Whimo be the
pioneers that uh actually pierce through
new rules, new regulations, new
guidelines. Why not let them do that?
We'll cover the, you know, the harder
stuff. Uh we'll do the scaling. We'll do
the you know the massive amounts of
production. It's great. Cybercab can be
driven using just the screen. What a
video shared by Barry Goodtock shows a
production cyberc cab unit navigating a
busy supercharging station in Austin
while testing automated parking. The
vehicle angled slightly too far from the
charging saw for the cable to reach. To
fix the alignment, a test engineer
sitting inside used manual drive
controls displayed directly on the
touchcreen.
Now, I don't think you and I will be
allowed to do that, but uh there's ways
to handle these things. Of course, there
are. Why wouldn't there be? Uber has
shut operations in Nigeria, Uganda with
immediate effect.
They're saying uh the drivers are
saying, "Look, the fairs, the rates
you're giving us are too low. The cuts
you're taking are too high." And of
course, passengers are saying, "H
they're just about right." So that means
you've got an option that's too
expensive. Maybe your cut is too large.
Um but it's very difficult. They've
already pulled out of other places.
Tanzania, I know, Ivory Coast, there we
go. And uh just those two, I guess. So,
they still have Egypt, Ghana, Kenya, and
South Africa remaining in the Uber
market. And they're saying, "Look, guys,
it's we got to we got to focus here.
What is it that we have to focus on?"
Well, 3,300 job cuts. Ross Gerber calls
it victims of AI era one day before the
cyber cam launch. Look, uh, they're not
victims of the AI era. AI has not really
arrived in a way that would meaningfully
impact 3300 people uh, 10% of the
workforce at Uber. That seems like uh,
too many to be cut in that way. You'd
probably do it through attrition. If the
AI at the back end at the corporate
level is actually working in that way,
you would just allow it to scale back.
Uh you certainly wouldn't do a massive
cut like that. They see the tide is
turning. They are wisely planning
accordingly. Well, there's a few tides
turning. Another one is EV sales
outpaced petrol cars for the first time
as Australians dodge soaring fuel costs.
New record, 27,000 EVs sold in August,
driven by the rising cost of fuel and
new government policy. Uh yeah, petrol
cars for the first time, second place.
um more than 27,000, a new record
representing 24.9% of new cars sold. The
climate friendly technology surpassed
both petrol, which was about 26,000, and
diesel at 23,600.
If plug-in hybrids were added, the
proportion of new cars with a plug
jumped to 36%.
It's nice to see that uh only 11% of
sales are hybrids. It's a stepping
stone. It's a gateway drug, if you will.
And what they're going to do, what a lot
of people do when they get a plug-in
hybrid is gify it to see, can I just
never use the gas and engine? And if you
can, you're going to need more
maintenance because they're designed to
run sometimes, guys, once in a while.
Electric cars were the UK's bestselling
powertrain last month, 30% of the entire
UK market. They're buying more EVs than
any other type of vehicle.
uh with uh while tariffs and destruction
of plug-in vehicle subsidies have gutted
the market for EVs in the US, elsewhere
in the world, the numbers continue to
surge. And I see this sometimes in the
comments. Folks will say, "Look, EVs uh
are not under attack." They are, but uh
they should be able to stand on their
own. No subsidies, no help, no nothing.
And that's not what we're having. What
we're having is the opposite. There's a
not a thumb on the scale, but there's a
fist. And I'm not sure that's a scale,
my friend. Put that thing away. What
they're doing is uh making it very
difficult. They're putting obstacles.
They're putting hurdles in the way of
electrification while helping while
coddling the dino burning industry. So
that's not a level playing field. That
is quite the opposite. In the UK,
battery sales uh surged 30%
year-over-year uh according to new data.
As a result, EV market share hit 30%,
beating gas vehicles, hybrids, plugins,
and diesel. Notably, non-hybrid
combustion models only made up 27%.
So, even if they're not buying a full
EV, buyers are opting for something that
is electrified in some fashion.
I don't know if this qualifies as
fashion, but JU makes decent cars. Yes,
Tesla's 45 cyber cabs face a $1.3
trillion reality check. I love it. What
a great headline. I don't know who wrote
the headline. Maybe they should write
articles, too, cuz that's not what the
article really says. They're just saying
that look, there's a long way to go and
we're not there yet. The price to
earnings ratio is quite high. Texas data
counted 420 registered Tesla autonomous
vehicles, but just 45 were cyber cabs,
you guys. Alphabet's Whimo had 988
vehicles registered in the state. You
guys, come on. It's over, right? Can we
admit it? No. No, we can't. And the FUD
I'm seeing on social media and in my
comment replies on YouTube uh are
telling me that it's 2019 because the
claims about uh nonsense
are very old or very out ofd. Uh so
we'll see how that goes. Toyota delays
Highlander EV launch again. So that's
nice. Toyota's Americanbuilt three row
electric SUV has hit another roadblock.
The all new Highlander EV, originally
scheduled to begin production this fall
in Georgetown, Kentucky, has been smooth
with a second production delay.
Manufacturing is now set to begin in
January of 27th at the earliest. It's
Toyota, though. I really do think when
it comes to a deadline back close that
they will almost certainly hit it. See
if this actually closes. It doesn't. Uh,
so that's what it looks like. Quality
checks cited over market demand. It's a
Toyota. there are people who will buy it
because it's a Toyota even if it is
second best or third best. Uh so that
would be, you know, kind of cool. I do
like that Joe said, "Yeah, just remove
the subsidies for the oil industry." No,
that's not going to happen. That's not
what we do here in the grand old US of a
China imports from Europe collapse as
domestic production surges.
Why would you buy a car made in Europe
when there's so many good choices in
China? How many models come out in China
would you guess on a given day? We'll
get to that. Yeah. Uh at in 23 was the
peak 125 vehicles cross the border in
July.
125. So that's like four a day in July.
That's not good. That's down 99% from
its 2023 peak. Uh 30,000 they did in
2023.
But yeah, down to four a day. Oh, that
is brutal. So,
uh yeah, let me just hit day and see if
I can find it. There we go. Roughly four
vehicles a day. Oh, so tough tough
stuff. Speaking of Asia, I just went to
Nepal. Hey, look at that. Uh, you can
like that video, you can like this
video, you can like them both. It's
free. No rule says I can't do that. Uh,
this is uh the first video we put out.
It's 48 minutes long. Something like
that. Yeah, it's 48 minutes long. It's
all about the auto show in Nepal and
it's really good. Raj put in a ton of
effort on the edit. We had a camera crew
that we brought in for the day. This is
a we shot this over three days of
attending it so we wouldn't miss
anything. I think it's a lot of great
fun. And of course there's monkeys.
Yeah. Um I uh this is not from this
trip. It's from the previous trip, but I
do have monkey videos and pictures from
this one. So uh thank you guys for
sending me. If you want to support the
channel, pretty please do that. It is in
the description. It it's, you know,
subscribe, join YouTube, join Patreon,
join whatever. Checking the stock
market. Oh my gosh. No shares have
traded today, you guys. It's the same
price it was on Friday when it closed.
Well, let's check SpaceX. Oh my gosh, no
movement. That is so weird. It's almost
like they're taking a day off over
there. Who knows what's going on. He
leap motor and GAC ion models achieve
fivestar Euro endcap safety ratings.
Now, we've complained we've complained
we've we've uh pointed out that Chinese
vehicles struggled with quality, with
safety, with styling. Well, the styling
that's up to you. You can look at a car
and tell me if you like it or not. Uh,
in terms of reliability, I went to a
used car lot in China and checked out
the used cars. They were fine. There was
nothing wrong with them. They were as
good as any used car anywhere and
remarkably expensive uh because they
still had the value. Now we've got the
final uh feather in their cap. Five-star
euro endcap safety ratings. They know
how to build cars. They have learned the
lessons needed to make a car that can
sell around the world. They do have
neighborhood electric vehicles, ones
with lower speed limits that are not as
safe, that are not required to be as
safe. Those are uh ones that would never
be imported because we probably have
stricter standards on those unless they
were to cut the speed limit to 25, make
them a true NEV, neighborhood electric
vehicle, in which case crash testing
does not apply. BYD August sales rose
17.8% to 440,000
as overseas sales hit new records. So,
this is the total vehicle sales. And I
know what you're saying. That's all of
them. That includes the hybrids. Uh,
what about just BEVs? Let's get down to
that. 256,000
they sold in August. Just electric. Just
pure electric. No dino burner. Nowhere.
No place to stuff the gas except perhaps
a can in the back for your lawn mower.
This is it. 256,000 in a month. It's
pretty good, guys. So they're kicking uh
some butt is what they're doing. I
believe that is the scientific term.
China's launching nearly three new EVs
per day and CL warns of batch battery
failures that are associated with so CL
the world's largest battery manufacturer
uh with BYYD in second place. China's uh
compressed electric vehicle development
schedule and price competition are
contributing to a battery quality
problem in the domestic market. You got
a lot of vehicles to validate. Uh errors
can happen. They didn't address which
vehicles, but they are being addressed.
But you guys, that's that's insane.
Three new models per day are released in
China.
Wow. MercedesBack Proloium starts 380 WH
per kilogram solid state production as
car makers watch from sidelines. It's a
very small plant. Half a gawatt hour I
think per year. Um it's generation 3.5
lithium ceramic battery bringing 381
watt hours per kilogram into commercial
production. It may be time. It may be
time that we're going to be able to look
at the uh reality of solid state. China
has the very strictest fire safety
standards for automotive batteries. This
is a great step in that direction. The
LFPs are already very uh resistant to
fire, resistant to chain reaction fire,
this is on another level. And if it
works at the price that they need it to,
these could take over. LFP will still be
cheaper for the foreseeable future, but
you know, hey, what are you going to do?
Interestingly,
a almost gigawatt uh wind project has
come online in Germany. 913 megawws
project is well one of Germany's largest
offshore wind farms currently in
operation. Uh so this is a whole bunch
of juice and you love to see it. Uh not
a lot to share. I mean, you know how
wind works. In the US, though, we do see
wary energy increases capacity of their
Arizona solar factory to 1.6 gawatt. It
was at, I think, 1 gawatt, they've
increased it to 1.6.
Not enough in terms of the scale of the
US, but a fantastic upgrade improvement.
Uh, approved the consolidation of some
of its module manufacturing operations
in Gujarat. Okay. Well, that's not the
US. company plans to relocate the plant.
Uh oh, in Okay, never mind. I thought
this was in the US for some reason. I
apologize. This is in India. Oh, wait.
There it is. Uh Arizona. There we go.
Ha. Following the expansion, uh the
total module factoring capacity in the
United States will reach 4.8 gatt hours
comprising of this and the 1.6 in
Arizona. Good. I didn't think I was
crazy. I mean, I'm crazy. Make no
mistake. What about this? Come on, man.
Uh, and now let's get to some crazy
news. We can do it. We can make that a
segue. Breakthrough on hydrogen, you
guys. New efficiency level unlocked.
Would you believe it if I told you that
for every 100% of solar you start with,
you could come away with 10% hydrogen
efficiency.
That's what I mean. They're so excited.
Look at them. Look, guys. We did it.
10%.
Couldn't you just feed the solar to a
donkey and let the donkey pull the car?
That is not, in my opinion, fantastic
efficiency. Um, you would need, you
know, 10 times the juice to make your
car go. Let's say 9% and be generous or
nine times the the juice. That would be
cost prohibitive.
US to announce sharply lower vehicle uh
fuel economy requirements. This is what
I was talking about earlier about uh
thumbs on scales and fists in places
they genuinely do not belong. Um yeah,
the 50.4 mile per gallon fleet average.
Now I've seen people say, "Come on, cars
don't you can't get 50 m." You can with
a hybrid. It's like, "Well, right, but
if you've got 50% hybrids and 50% gas,
you're going to be you're not going to
hit it, right? So maybe do some electric
cars. I don't know. Thinking out loud
here. No, we're just going to burn dino
juice. It's just how we're going to do
it. And it doesn't stop there. It
actually goes much much beyond that.
Well beyond that. Nitsa estimated its
proposal would cut new vehicle costs by
$930.
The cost, not the price. When Ford
announced they were pivoting back to
dino burners, the the announcement
didn't say lower cost, lower price. They
said, "We're going to build more
profitable cars." So, that's great if
you're a Ford shareholder and terrible
if you're a Ford buyer or a person who
lives in a place where Fords are sold.
So, that's generally bad. That's a
that's a that's a thumb on the scale.
But it goes even beyond that because uh
they're trying to strip California's
emissions authority,
an authority put in place by Ronald
Reagan himself, not not a super liberal
fella, end tax credits, erase vehicle
sales mandates, and reshape the national
market while leaving the state's clean
air car future tangled in Washington
level uncertainty.
California's EV adoption keeps climbing.
They have more charger handles than they
have gas pump handles. That's exciting.
2035 ban remaining in the in the cards.
So why does any of this matter? Um the
answer is because uh they need to
US auto manufacturing is already
retreating uh from all foreign shores
retreating to home. You can build that
big V8. You can put a bunch of money
into that big V8. You can sell it here
for a limited time.
But you can't sell those cars overseas.
GM and Ford and Chrysler before it was
Santis was a big force overseas as well.
Those markets are dwindling. Those
buyers are choosing better cars and the
US is refusing to make them because they
want to focus on high margin, low
efficiency mega wagons.
Great. Um, you'll be missed. I don't
know. I don't know what to say. Hey,
let's get to the Q&amp;A, shall we? You guys
had some questions I saw coming in while
I was chatting. What's that about? Uh,
it's almost like I invite you to ask
questions.
Let's see what we got here. I'm here,
says Joe's. But your schedule ch My
schedule changed, but yours did, too. I
was dropping off the Model Y for a
battery pack replacement this morning.
Called the tow truck at 5:00. He got
here at 10:00 to 5:00. We got out of
here at or 10 to 8, maybe. But I did get
a service loaner, so that's nice.
Otherwise, there wouldn't be a show. I'd
be trapped there. I don't know what I'd
do. If it makes you any feel any better,
I already unsubscribed, then subscribed.
Thank you so much for all that activity.
Do you ever look at the handles of the
charge? Maybe the battery was able to
hold, but the handles were bad. No, no,
no. Um, no. because I had Alex from uh
formerly of Watt Works, now of Out of
Spec Renew, go into the car with uh
Toolbox um remotely and he could tell me
which uh module and which battery
actually failed. So, no, it was
genuinely just bad. It died while I was
driving it. So, um there was some bad
stuff going on there. Just now got the
notification. Happy Monday. Good Monday.
Hello, everybody. Uh, the Tunnies, I'll
be seeing you in October, won't I? Um,
by the way, if you guys aren't going to
the 1010 event, the takeover in Austin,
you should. There's no reason not to.
It's a lot of fun and it uh there's
events all around it. If you don't get
into it for days before and days after,
there's events, there's hangouts, it's a
lot of fun. Um, let me see. My phone
buzzed, so I need to make sure. Yeah,
let's see. uh making sure that I didn't
say something wrong. By the way, this
Thursday uh there's going to be a
meeting at the Tesla Tiger location
where we will get to see the Y L up
close and personal and talk to Tesla
people about it and I'll be there. So,
ova.org
join us uh the then yeah, remove
subsidies. Happy Labor Day. Thanks for
turning up the sound. Thank you for
letting me know it was in need. I don't
like interrupting a live stream, but
that's a pretty critical issue.
Shouldn't it be called labor less day?
Yeah, right. What's that about? Zuks has
some advantage over cybercaps. It holds
four instead of two and the doors are
less intrusive to pedestrians. Uh, true
and true, but they're running from the
airport and there's no place to put your
luggage except in your own face. If you
had four people coming from the airport
with luggage, you boned because there is
no place to put it. It has disadvantages
that are different.
Rock and roll. Uh, what about Chinese
spares? They seem to change the cars
every five minutes. I've seen the
plastic breaking down fast. I've
experienced off joysticks in my shop and
bottoms rusting in Russia. I don't know
how they treat their roads in Russia. If
it's salted, that would accelerate uh
the problem. I can't speak to that.
There are good cars and there are less
good cars. And I'll tell you, the ones
that go to Nepal are not the ones you
see every day on the road. The BYDs,
sure, but they only do a couple models
there, but like uh Dongfang,
I've never seen a Dongfang in China. I
know they exist. I know they're a big
brand, but I see them everywhere in
Nepal. Uh and the same with like the
V23.
And uh I've never seen one in China. I
see them all over Nepal. uh the second
tier brands are more excited to get
market share anywhere they can. So I
imagine Russia is getting the junior
varsity kind of electric cars from
China. I have an ice cream business in
Vancouver. Can't wait for my cyber cab
army delivering treats. Where is it?
I'll come see you today. If you're still
watching, let me know. I'll I'll I'll
gather up a boy or two of my gang and uh
head on down. Uh, these must be fast
unless you sell in winter.
I don't remember what it's in reference
to. I apologize for not getting the
joke. I hate it when my bottom rusts,
David. We're getting older. We just have
to accept some things. Those doors in
the cyber cab are just an interesting
choice. These doors just swing right
open at eye level walking down the
sidewalk. Um, I made a whole video about
how the doors are intentional in a very
good design and how uh they're no more
dangerous than any other door. They
don't stick out farther than any other
door. Uh, and they won't open if someone
is in the path. Now, if someone enters
the path after they're open, that's a
different matter, but they're no more
dangerous than any other car door.
Uh, howdy. Uh, let's see. Dino burners
aren't a disease, but they are giving
you disease. Yeah, if you look, you can
look up there are there's a direct
correlation between high EV adoption zip
codes and low respiratory uh hospital
admissions. The more EVs in your zip
code, the less likely you are to be
admitted to a hospital with respiratory
uh inflammation, with respiratory
distress.
The correlation is direct.
Can't stop the signal. Car doors opening
the path of vulnerable road users is a
thing for sure. I mean, yeah. Let's see.
In my garden. In my garden.
I don't understand what that means.
Railroad crossing issues. Stop expansion
of robo taxis beyond the current area. I
would like that to be addressed before I
have an opportunity to ride uh in one on
a regular basis. V14 Lite has been
paranoid and prone to panic for the last
few days. Unfortunate, my Pri my Lexus,
not Prius CT100 200H got left out in the
Texas summer sun due to a garage door
fault. Battery died. Wow, that's
priceless. What is the breaking news?
It's all broken. I I can't really piece
it together. We love renewables in
Germany. Doesn't make sense to burn
fossil fuel no matter what. Especially
if you don't have uh your own gas and
oil. Let's see. I want to meet you too
if you come to VAM. I don't know where
Vam is. Van. Just come to the van. I
don't know where that is. Tell me where
it is. Uh yeah, I am back safe. Boy,
that was scary stuff, man. It was only,
you know, 30 35 miles from the city that
that I was in. uh but it was along a
path that we were planning to travel. So
there is fortune there that things
didn't go differently. My heart is with
all the people in Nepal. Everyone's
affected. Many lost someone they knew
but many more just lost uh places that
were dear to them. Places they had
stopped stopped for lunch in this
village. The village is no more. Very
frustrating.
Next you'll be saying lead in my gas is
caus causing health issues. Well that's
things. Why do we need these
regulations? Because without them, we
would still have lead in our casts and
asbestous in our I don't know, was it in
cigarette filters or something? I forget
what. Somewhere that people would have
access them. What about sodium
batteries? 30% cheaper than lithium.
They're not 30% cheaper yet. They may
never be. Uh the lithium is not the
expensive part. The manufacturing is the
expensive part. And if you're
manufacturing, it's going to be
expensive either way. They have other
advantages. The real problem is not that
they do now have comparable uh watt
hours per kilogram. What they do not
have and cannot have is comparable watt
hours per volume. The volume is the
issue. If you were to fill an entire
Tesla Model 3 with them, you would have
30% less range because the pack is full.
There's nowhere else to put them. But in
very cold climates, these could be a
winner. It just remains to be seen. They
will come. Uh they're they're here for
some things. They could be great for
grids scale energy storage. We will find
out. I looked at the roundtrip energy
efficiency and it looks reasonably
comparable and it is still improving. I
can get a replacement sodium battery for
the Lexus CT 2000H. Interesting. H
interesting. Yeah, stationary would be
interesting. So, we are just about down
to it. You could do some X selling while
being idle.
I don't know what that means. Oh, of the
battery of the energy. It's uh lower but
not affected by cold weather. So, makes
sense in cold climate. Um, yes, it can.
Except that if it's only cold 3 months
out of the year, that's great in the
winter, you're still getting 200 miles
of range, but in the summer, you're
getting 200 miles of range. That's
unacceptable for a lot of people who
live in cold places.
Um, neither can uh That's right. I've
been in your I've been in your Lexus,
haven't I? Uh, neither can use the extra
juice, but holds at 80% as far as the
car is concerned. Over 80% and they
deliberately drain it back down to 80.
Welcome back. Good luck with your
channel. Thank you. With butterfly
doors, it leads to a sharp corner near
pedestrians. Look, look, I've I've made
videos about it. You can go back and
watch them. Uh, spoiler alert for
Futura's NADA video. At the end, Brian
is receiving his plaque of appreciation.
Yeah, I got a plaque. And, uh, that's
what that's what this is, them uh,
gracing me, the plaque. And what had
happened was they didn't I was not told
it was happening. And so right about the
time it's it's happening, I'm looking
over going, "Wait a minute. Why am I
wearing a microphone and you are
recording this?" Uh, so yeah, they were
appreciative that uh a member of the
international press came out to um to
actually show some love and uh get some
eyeballs on what they're doing. They're
very proud people. All people are
generally proud of their of their, you
know, local area, of their
accomplishments, all that. So guys, what
did I miss? What did I misunderstand?
Leave it in the comments. Will you Will
you do that? I did not hear back on the
ice cream. I should double check that
before
Where did it even go? Where is it? There
it is. If the ice cream offer still
stands, I will find out. Um, but uh,
yeah. And then if not, you'll have to
message me where the ice cream is. So,
uh, let's see here. Uh yeah, if you made
it this far, of course you have to tell
me in the comments on the replay. And
everybody else, uh you know, like,
subscribe, do what you do. Stay tuned,
stay juicy, and I can't wait to hear
from you clever robots as more of this
really fun footage finds its way out
into the public.