Channel:     futureaza
Title:       Tesla’s Biggest Rivals Just Admitted Elon Was Right All Along
URL:         https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1B71tQC-bZw
Published:   2026-05-29 18:00 UTC
Fetched:     2026-05-29 19:00 UTC

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Some EV makers have found a way to do
things a little bit different to perhaps
rethink the electrical, rethink the
structure, rethink what a car should be
from the ground up. And it's going to
pay dividends if it hasn't already. Not
in the stock market, but in the value of
the vehicles and the survivability of
the company itself. No, I'm not talking
about Tesla or Rivian or Lucid. I'm
talking about the smartest, most
innovative company of all, Ford. What? I
don't get it. It sounds like a sponsored
segment, but I assure you as we get into
it, you will find out that it is not.
And there's a reason. They probably
don't invite me to their events. Hey,
I'm joined by my buddy Mark from the
Tesla Life broadcasting this week from a
cave of despair. Uh, let's have a chat
about the amazing, unbelievable, brand
new ideas pioneered by the amazing
imaginations of the folks at Ford.
&gt;&gt; I really didn't think you were going to
say Ford with that that leadup.
&gt;&gt; You know, he's seen the the article
we're gonna be covering. Hey, Tom's
Guide. Uh, fascinating stuff. Kate got a
tour. I toured the Ford's EV development
center to see how it plans to build a
$30,000 truck. Here's what surprised me
most. I'm gonna tell you what surprised
me most. One, isn't Jim Farley not
allowed to tour that facility? And two,
&gt;&gt; that's what he told us.
&gt;&gt; That's what he told us. And two, Kate's
not an automotive reviewer. It's at the
bottom of the article. So, that's kind
of weird. I don't know. Slate who? When
you purchase uh links through our site,
there's their affiliates. Okay. When I
first heard Ford was working on a
$30,000 electric truck in the wake of
the lightning discontinuation, my first
question was how?
That's that's a good question to ask. I
mean, even the Maverick isn't that
cheap. Maverick is pretty darn popular.
How do you go from a truck that most
people are looking at in the 70 to 80k
range and bring it down by nearly half?
o over half. How do you do so without
compromising EV performance? And how do
you do it fast enough for people to
care? Well, I'm just going to tell you
the first thing you do is you don't make
it the size of an F-150
moving atoms. It costs money. To find
out, I went inside Ford's dev center in
Long Beach, California, where a
specialized team of engineers are
rethinking construction from the ground
up. So guys, today in the show, for
those of you who are new, Mark and I
like to uh answer your questions and
comments from last week. We're going to
do that at the end. And we have a
section called Wrong Answers Only where
we show you something and ask you to
help us envision what it is. This week's
Wrong Answer Only that I wish for you to
answer for us in the comments below is
how is Ford going to cut the price from
70,000 to 30,000. Wrong answers only. Uh
we're going to look at some of the right
answers here in a second. Um if it's
still possible. Maybe it is, maybe it
isn't. It isn't, but we'll get into
that. Well, just looking at inflation
alone, 30,000 was difficult 5 years ago,
10 years ago. Inflation has been
significant since then. So, Kate went
inside their Long Beach engineering
center and found out that it starts with
a new universal UEV platform to support
a high volume affordable vehicles, a
midsize truck about the size of a
Maverick, and then of course, you know,
who knows what else. I mean, it it's a
platform. It's one of the ways you cut
costs is by having a single platform
that can do many things. At no point did
I get to see a complete product. Uh nor
was I allowed to capture photographs
inside the facility. Common, but nearly
every demonstration featured different
elements with fairly obvious respect to
the confirmed form factor.
&gt;&gt; The best part is no part.
&gt;&gt; I've heard that before.
&gt;&gt; I feel like I've heard that before. I've
really boy where have I heard that you
guys the UEV engineers uh spoke about
reducing parts reducing complexity in
some cases eliminating compos components
entirely. One phrase that kept coming up
on the tour the best part is no part
they learn from the best
that guy is an idiot. What did he say?
Write that down. Write that down.
Instead of traditional layered assembly
where workers build step by step inside
a partially completed frame, they're
experimenting with more modular
uniccasting construction at the EVDC.
Uh the idea production-wise is for major
components to be built separately and
then brought to together towards the end
of the assembly process. So if you think
of a factory as like a box,
uh this would be the opposite of that,
like uh like an like an unboxed
assembly line. I don't know where they
got the idea, but it seems
&gt;&gt; I I think I seen a video about that.
&gt;&gt; Boy, again, you know, I'm having
trouble. Mark's having trouble. I don't
know if there's much oxygen in his cave.
Uh, his canary hasn't been chirping for
a little while, so that's a thing. Now,
this is, uh, while no photos weren't
allowed, uh, Ford sent me home with a 3D
printed model of its upcoming electric
truck,
but he couldn't be told about anything
about what the truck is going to look
like or be designed. But yet, no photos,
but here's a model,
&gt;&gt; and I'm going to take a picture of it in
the shade on a bright, sunny day. So
that's also helpful. Company is and I'm
being a smarty pants there but still
that company's also redesigning its
tooling and prototyping pipeline to move
faster. In one area I saw foam and clay
modeling being rapidly cut, reshaped and
iterated inhouse. On the one day I was
there, they were doing all of that stuff
and I didn't think it was performative
at all like a pmpkin village.
Uh, it means that they can test in real
time, adjust immediately feed those
changes back into design and
manufacturing. It extends into testing
as well. Ford's built out environmental
chambers capable. I mean, that's not
that unusual. Even towing, charging, and
thermal load can be recreated back to
back in the same space. That's just a
good practice for a design center to
have. I am not aware of a company that
designs cars that doesn't have that in
the facility. I don't expect uh people
outside of automotive to know that
rewiring a 4DV. See, so the biggest
challenge, Mark, is a leap uh into a
48vt zonal wiring system, not 12vt. No,
we're going to shorten the harness by
4,000 ft. We're going to cut 22 lbs just
of the copper plus the shielding plus
the clips. Uh fewer wires means lower
cost, easier assembly, and potentially
easier repairs down the line. Why has
literally no one done this?
&gt;&gt; Does it mention that they received a
book in the mail about how to do this?
&gt;&gt; It doesn't go into that. Interestingly,
I have read ahead and it doesn't mention
that part of it. So, yeah, lower
complexity usually means lower repair
costs, fewer production delays, more
predictable pricing. It also means uh
improvement can go faster. But what it
really means is uh fewer parts to
install, manufacturing is cheaper. uh
fewer points of failure to test uh
quicker engineering validation because
there are less pieces to validate. It
also means lower risk of warranty
repairs. Less parts, less parts to go
bad. It there's a whole bunch of savings
that comes with this kind of
simplification. It's also a major focus
on in-house battery development and
further pursuit of lowering costs.
Golly,
where have I heard that? I swear someone
else is doing that. It just
&gt;&gt; this is like a reoccurring theme in this
article, isn't it?
&gt;&gt; You know, I feel like I don't know if
it's deja vu or groundhog day or deja vu
on Groundhog Day, but I swear I've heard
this one before. Instead of relying
entirely on external suppliers for key
pieces like cell design, pack
integration, and early validation, Ford
brought more of that development
inhouse.
That includes everything from designing
the battery cells tailored to its new
platform to assembling packs and running
early stage testing under the same roof.
&gt;&gt; Wow.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Hey, uh, copy the best. And I
don't know if they're trying to drop
hints subtly, but if the engineers keep
looking at the at the author and saying
the best part is no part,
I feel like the clues are there.
This uh means that uh people waiting for
the What does this mean for the people
waiting for the cheaper electric truck?
Lower complexity means lower repair
costs, all that good stuff. You're still
there's still a long road to 27, but
inside the labs, the path to 30,000
finally looks clear. So, she's a
managing editor of social and video,
smartwatches, TV, audio devices, and
some cooking appliances, and she appears
on Fox News to talk tech. I don't know
who I would invite to see a factory like
this, but I honestly think Kate is a
good choice because if you invited me,
uh, the coverage would be more
&gt;&gt; a little bit different,
&gt;&gt; be a little different. It'd be it would
I'd be poking and proddding in the parts
where I don't think they want the pokes
and prods. Um, so yeah, four
&gt;&gt; where whereas Kate was asking about, you
know, spin speeds and, you know, if if
it comes in different colors.
I'm not going to go that far. I'm sure
I'm sure Kate is uh a fine author. Um,
and no shade to Ford, I don't think they
want me there. I don't think they want
an analyst there at this time. I think
that would be too revealing. I think if
they had invited me instead, um, I'd be
getting back channel messages from other
manufacturers asking what I actually
saw. So, uh,
&gt;&gt; what I will add is at the beginning of
the article, they did talk a little bit
about a, um, Santa Cruz vehicle, which
of course at this point is not an
electric vehicle. It's gasoline, but
it's basically a car with a pickup bed.
Um, and you've seen a Santa Cruz on the
road. They look stylish. They look uh,
nice.
&gt;&gt; Um, and I think uh, as they mentioned in
the article, if this was an electric
vehicle, this would be a winner. Maybe
Ford is following that line.
&gt;&gt; So that's a different article in the you
may like section. It could have been the
perfect EV for all the people saying
what I really want is a smaller truck.
Smaller trucks have existed and people
just don't buy them the same as the big
beasts. If you look at the Santa Cruz,
which is now discontinued even in gas,
&gt;&gt; I thought it was adorable. I thought
it'd be great for somebody who wants a
truck but also wants something kind of
small. Did not sell in serious volume.
Unfortunate. That means it is time,
Mark, for you know what? It is time for
us to answer questions from last week.
Yeah, that's how we um wind up. Uh, by
the way, you are free to like the video.
Oh, I can't because this is a picture of
the video, not the video itself. I got
it. So you guys can click like uh but I
can't because that's a false uh web
page. Uh guys, some comments from last
week. Brian, I always appreciate you
responding to comments. You got it,
Doug. Do you think Tesla might be
holding back on a lot of Tesla news
until after the SpaceX IPO is official?
I'm wondering if they're wanting uh
waiting uh some money uh some more money
can go into the IPO instead of people
buying on Tesla good news um where the
money starts to go back into Tesla.
What's your opinion? Well, my opinion
that I shared with Doug was I haven't
seen anything that would lead me to
believe that's true or false. I don't
think Tesla's sandbagging good news. Uh
I don't know what news we want. I know
Elon's very busy with Starship and with
things related to SpaceX and I don't
think it's time to hold another event
just yet. Uh the next event is probably
going to be a big one. It might be
Optimus. It might be. I mean, we should
see a Y L event, but that might be very
low-key. Uh, I I don't think so. What
What's your take?
&gt;&gt; It might be uh second gen Roadster with
fingers crossed,
&gt;&gt; but um I think that um I think the IPO
is such a a vastly different company and
there's different upsides to both
companies. You're right. I don't think
they're sandbagging. I think it's just a
natural evolution of Tesla at this
point. I don't think they're hiding
anything.
I would agree with you. Last week, one
of the questions we had was from TomTom,
who asked about the uh serviceability of
the clutch on the second axle of the
semi and how much it would cost to
repair, how likely it would need to be
repaired. We got several comments,
including from David Huber saying, uh,
they match the RPM so that there is no
clutch. You don't need it if you match
the RPM before you engage it. So, it's
not a friction clutch. It's more like
just gears. Just wind it up and there
you go.
&gt;&gt; Um I don't know if you've ever double
clutched a car where you shift without
using the clutch.
&gt;&gt; Just uh
&gt;&gt; I've only done it a few times and it
really stressed me out so I didn't do it
again.
&gt;&gt; Um but uh on motorcycles I've done it a
lot. You can I I would routinely shift
without the clutch on a under, you know,
significant power on a motorcycle. So,
uh, there's your answer, Tom, and
others. It is, uh, not not a
&gt;&gt; not a friction clutch.
&gt;&gt; Not a friction clutch. Doesn't sound
like it's going to be an issue. Now, in
the previous video you and I did, uh, we
saw a vehicle marked hydrogen. I told
you there was a good joke coming. Jay
James Pacell says, "Hydrogen trucks do
work. They're just uneconomical and
stupid."
Yes. I mean, yes. Uh, steam semitrs can
work. They just wouldn't make any sense.
So, that is, I'm confident, the correct
take. When are we going to see mega pack
in Berlin ever? So, I didn't I wasn't
sure what uh NextG EVs was asking. So, I
uh looked it up to see if there were any
mega packs employed in Berlin. And while
there are things that kind of look like
them, if you look just above the
Switchyard, there's some boxes, but they
don't quite look like mega packs. So,
I'm not sure if they ever did get mega
packs. And if they did, it's not very
many. And if the question is, are they
going to make them? We haven't heard any
announcement on that. But it likely
wouldn't be made anywhere that we can
see here. It would be made in a new
building or in a new facility offsite.
Yeah,
&gt;&gt; they they typically do that with mega
packs. They're in separate uh
facilities. So, that would not be
surprise me if it was on a separate
location altogether.
&gt;&gt; Yes. And they don't use the same
batteries. They use LFP batteries. Gigab
Berlin makes batteries. They do not make
LFP batteries. Interestingly, I've got a
few corrections here before we get into
wrong answers only. And as a reminder,
the wrong answers that we're looking for
this week are, "How's Ford really going
to make the the truck so much cheaper?"
I know you guys have some great answers
for me. I assume they're going to be
deliciously wrong, but there are a few
corrections. Uh Craig pointed out that
the term for the trees is actually a
plantation. Uh now, I had always I I
kept calling it a managed forest because
where I live, they're not plantations.
They're managed forests. there they look
like a real if you were out in the woods
you would think wow this is a real
forest of one kind of tree where these
are an actual I mean they are in a
straight line uh it is a plantation so I
didn't know that did you
&gt;&gt; Nope plantation was a word that they
would use for forest
&gt;&gt; yeah I think in North America we might
have an aversion to that word because of
its historical connotations in this
hemisphere you miss that the big
clearing to the northeast of the site is
not a road it's not a big road they're
putting It's a new rail rate area for
shipping cars by rail and I assume
receiving parts and we got a few
comments like this saying the same
thing. So there you go. It is not uh a
road. It is for a a new rail spur. And I
last of the corrections I think they are
removing the level crossing. They're not
adding a level crossing Brian. So when
you add an overpass for everybody else
uh that is the new crossing. I had my
terminology backwards. Thank you all for
that correction. So last week I asked
you what is this building? Wrong answers
only. Now of course someone did say well
a not not wrong answer is it's part of
the fire station training you know fire
station facilities and that doesn't help
me. I need wrong answers Mark it will
surprise you 0%.
Our viewers delivered that building
that's a tiny air traffic control tower
for the very brief flights the Roadster
will make. Exactly. They need clearance.
They need air clearance. Yes.
&gt;&gt; Mhm. Now, we got a lot of answers that
said air traffic control. Uh some of
them said, uh it's for the upcoming
Model 8 because where we're going, we
don't need roads.
&gt;&gt; There we go. Back to future. Yep.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. I have read that dissertation by
uh Dr. uh EMTT Brown and it was uh
pretty good.
buildings. Obviously, Optimus air
traffic control tower and training
center. Doesn't need to be tall. They
just open the roof and watch them land.
Uh, another one I may have cut. Uh, it
may be later, but if it isn't, I'll get
to it. But someone said, "Oh, it's for
the pigeons, the courier pigeons. It's
Tesla's communication system."
&gt;&gt; Oh, the new communication system. Yes.
&gt;&gt; Yes, of course. No, the small building's
for the photocopier. I'll not read the
whole thing, but the gist of it is it
was at the end of the building, which
was too inconvenient. So, they moved it
into a completely different building,
and they put it on the top floor and
made sure the elevator is always
temporarily out of service so that uh
you know, you won't feel like you're
missing anything.
&gt;&gt; So, they're really concerned about toner
use, and they think that will limit the
toner use.
&gt;&gt; It will. It will. Uh that's an auto
vending machine, Mark.
&gt;&gt; Ah, yes. Let's just put in your uh in
your what uh $100,000 coin and out comes
a car or two.
&gt;&gt; Well, this is what Carvonus looks like.
Uh they've had a number of these in
different locations. Uh I think that
number might be two. Uh but it still
counts. Uh might be more than two from
the looks of it. So yeah, I think that's
uh Well, you remember we made fun of the
double-decker Charger?
&gt;&gt; Yep.
&gt;&gt; It's a triple decker. Two decks weren't
enough.
&gt;&gt; Oh
&gt;&gt; yeah. Yeah. Yeah. That's a big truck
truck at that point.
&gt;&gt; That is huge. That's a huge trailer.
&gt;&gt; The building is leftover bits. I mean,
you don't want to scrap all the bits,
Mark.
&gt;&gt; You just pour them in the top of this
little building that they put in the
parking lot.
&gt;&gt; Well, no. They just pieced them
together. You know, you build something
out of Lego and you got a few left and
you're like, "Well, what can I make with
this?"
Yeah,
&gt;&gt; we can make a building that's completely
useless. Do it.
&gt;&gt; Do it. Do it. You think I'm throwing all
this perfectly good stuff away? It's a
combination coffee house and burrito
bar. Plenty of restrooms, of course.
&gt;&gt; Of course. Thanks, Paul.
&gt;&gt; All with windows. So, that's great. Uh,
it's a kitty litter box for Schroinger's
cat. Ah,
&gt;&gt; I'm not familiar with Schroinger's cat,
but Pavlov's dog rings a bell.
&gt;&gt; Uhhuh. Hey, it's a guard tower to uh
control attempted Optimus escapes.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, the rogue Optimus. You never know
when they're going to make a run for the
gate.
&gt;&gt; Kind of never. Kind of never. Now, we
did get a lot of uh guard tower uh
guesses. Here it is. Uh pigeon tower for
the pigeons used in the messaging
system. I wasn't sure if I got it in
there, so we did. Um, it's a mockup of
the cabover design for a legacy uh of
our legacy semi for hauling very large
loads. The garden is on top of the
living room.
&gt;&gt; Ah, okay.
&gt;&gt; Okay.
It's a scale model. The scale is like
71
instead of 17. Yeah, that's about right.
extra.
&gt;&gt; It's a new concier sier security booth
with a Pizza Hut and a camera file
processor while you wait in the
panoramic upstairs VIP lounge.
&gt;&gt; How convenient would that be to put your
security center nowhere close to the
perimeter of the property?
People pull in. Uh, do I need to go
through security? Yeah, but you got to
find it first. So, just wander on in.
&gt;&gt; Exactly.
&gt;&gt; Yeah,
&gt;&gt; that would be difficult. It's actually
an enclosed geothermal drilling
facility. Along with the additional
energy produced there will be free hot
showers.
&gt;&gt; Hey, uh how much do you think uh the
temperature is on a thermal vent like
that for your shower, Mark?
&gt;&gt; Uh it it wouldn't be what's coming out
of a thermal vent, that's for sure. It
would burn the skin off you if not your
incinerate you. So, so boiling to 930
Fahrenheit, 500 Celsius is a little too
high.
&gt;&gt; Make sure that you add a little cold
water to it before you get in.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Okay. I mean, that seems
reasonable to me. Isn't 100 C body
temperature?
No. No, it is not. Huh. Okay. Well, I'm
learning. I'm learning. We're almost
through it, you guys. You'll survive. If
you've made it this far, please do
remember to subscribe. Check out Mark's
channel. We're both doing this all the
time. It's a lot of fun. We need your
help. You're loving your support. Uh,
wrong answers only. It's Fronz's new
condo.
&gt;&gt; Oh, that's where Fronz is moving to. I
didn't know that.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Yeah. Hey, you want to be
somewhere hip? Consider Grunhaida. Uh,
cuz that's, you know, it's really the
the Tacoma of Berlin. Uh, wrong answer,
I hope. Does it not stand a reason that
all the nurseries in the universe, the
Borg would choose a Tesla site to
install a nent cube? I mean, the cherry
picker is severing the umbilical cord.
Ah, the the futility of it all. You know
what? Do you know what that comment's
about?
&gt;&gt; The Star Trek It's a Star Trek
reference.
&gt;&gt; Is that what it is? Yeah. Yeah. I
haven't seen that one. Maybe I should.
You should.
&gt;&gt; You can you can let me know in the
comments if that's the correct decision.
Um, and the last one, I can't believe
I'm sharing it. I really debated it.
Surprisingly, it's an on-site geling
shed. Now, if you know what a geling
shed is, I apologize. And if you don't,
that's okay. That's fine, cuz I looked
it up and I don't think you should. So,
guys, what did we miss? What do we
misunderstand? Leave it. Enter them a
comments below. And everyone else, stay
tuned. Stay juicy. And I cannot wait to
hear from you clever robots. Uh next
Friday and Saturday, this upcoming uh
very soon Friday and Saturday the 5th
and 6th. Mark and I are going to be
somewhere a little crazy. Uh Mark, where
are we going to be?
&gt;&gt; We are going to be in Moskegan,
Michigan. Friday and Saturday, June 5th
and 6th.
&gt;&gt; Why?
&gt;&gt; I don't know.
&gt;&gt; You don't know? Uh I haven't told him
yet, but he is moderating a panel uh a
fantastic panel uh with some fantastic
speakers on it and it's going to be a
whole lot of fun. We'll have a quick
meeting after the show to discuss that.
Uh so everybody uh see you there. Tesla
Michigan.org org is the website that I
need you to go to to get your tickets
and also to the meet and greet on Friday
where Mark and I will be there
autographing memorabilia that is
provided.
We I will say no more. It's a secret.
So talk to you guys