Channel:     munrolive
Title:       Inside the YASA YM360: Axial Flux Motor Engineering Explained
URL:         https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=m507ryWhc6c
Published:   2026-05-20 19:30 UTC
Fetched:     2026-05-20 20:00 UTC

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Hi, welcome to Monroe Live. I'm Paul
Turble and here we have I'm really
excited to see the YASA motor. This is
the YASA YM360.
It's a production motor. Um, and there's
been a lot of talk online about this
motor because it produces an enormous
amount of torque for a motor as
lightweight as it is. This is about a 15
kg motor and it produces 360 new meters
of torque. Um, and it's 125 kilowatts of
power. That's about 167 horsepower.
They make a version of this motor about
the same size as this one. Uh, it's part
of a family of motors that they're
making. Um, one of the motors that's in
this form factor delivers a 1000
horsepower.
So they they're doing amazing things and
I want to dive in to see how they're
actually doing it and uh hopefully get a
better feel for what the magic is that's
going on inside. So we have the motor.
Here's the the rotors. There are two
rotors
uh and the stator.
This is the part that's stationary. It's
bolted in. In this case it's bolted into
a transmission. So this is a hybrid for
a hybrid application. And then these uh
fortunately the these rotors are not
magnetized. These are magnets. So
normally if I did something like this, I
would clamp my fingers in there. But
fortunately they're not magnetized. And
so the magnet the rotors go on. So the
two sides of this thing
spin. So these are the rotors that spin
on the two sides and the center part
stays stationary.
So that's how this motor is built. It's
something called an axial flux motor
because the the flux from the magnets
goes along the axis through the stator
into the next rotor and then around to
the next magnet and then back through
the stator axially which is a little
different than a typical motor. And I'll
show you here's a we have next to us
over here a typical motor. This is a BYD
motor for their upcoming their new uh
Tang model in China. It's uh a fantastic
example of a traction motor. This
produces about the same torque and about
the same power as this motor. Um, so
they're similar power and capability,
but you can see that the
the overall size of this motor is quite
a bit more and the overall weight of
this motor is over 40 kilograms. And so
15 kilograms over here versus over 40.
We have at least 3 to one on a on a
weight basis. So I can barely pick up
just the stator of this versus this I
can pick up with one hand.
So how do they do it? How does Yasa get
so much torque and power
out of such a small a tight package and
and such low weight? And there's there's
been some information sent out. I see
several YouTube channels that have been
talking about this motor and one of the
things they they mention when they say
the way that Yasa gets all this torque
is not exactly
right. It's only part of the story. So
the way that's usually explained is that
this motor
you produce the force
along the magnets. So the surface of the
of the magnets are facing this is the
roing rotating part and it's facing this
stator and so we have a magnetic field
between them
and so the magnetic field is where the
force is generated to produce the
torque.
The way the story goes
because the diameter here is the
effective diameter that the force is
applied is larger than it is over here
then that's what c that's what explains
how they're getting so much torque
except
that's not exactly the the full truth
that yes that's a factor but it's not
the whole story. If that was the whole
story, then this type of motor would be
the torque king. And it's not. This is
also a hub motor. And this is a motor
that's, you know, you put it right into
a wheel. And it it's about the same size
as the OSA motor, about the same
thickness as the OSA motor.
But this one, the force is applied right
out here near the outside diameter.
This is a radial flux motor. Same as
this old-fashioned type outrunner radial
flux motor. Um, this type of motor is
used in, you know, all kinds of hobby
stuff. Drone motors are built this way.
It's a good motor, but
the fact that it's diameter here is
large gives it some torque advantage.
But this motor produces about a third of
the torque as the Yasa motor. And so if
diameter was the whole explanation,
then we' we'd think that this one would
produce more torque than the ASA, but it
actually is only about a third. So
what's going on? Why
does the ASA get so much torque out of
such a small package?
Well, the reality is that we're applying
the torque using magnetic fields. And
you can only get so much force through a
magnetic field because there are
practical limits. Not necessarily
physical limits, but practical limits.
So the practical limit comes from steel.
The steel that's used to transmit the
magnetic field is has a limit. It can
only carry so much magnetic field. Um in
magnetics we use a unit for the strength
of a magnetic field. That's called
Teslas after Nickeola a Tesla. And steel
can only carry about two Tesla of
magnetism. Um and before it saturates
and once it saturates it can't carry any
more flux. And so two Tesla is all the
the strength you can possibly get with a
uh rotor that has steel in it. We use
steel because
flux carries goes through steel
thousands of times better than it goes
through air. And so with a small current
in the windings, you can get thousands
of times more magnetic flux if you use
steel. So yeah, we want to use steel,
but it also puts a limit on how much
flux density that we can get in the air
gap. So there's a limit due to the
steel. There's also a limit due to the
copper. So you can only put so much
electric current through a given
cross-section of copper. Now you can put
a million amps through one millimeter of
copper. But you won't be able to do it
much more than a microssecond before
that copper vaporizes and becomes
plasma. And then in the next millisecond
or microcond it's gone. So if you want
to use your motor again,
there's a limit for how much current you
can put through copper. And that limit
is roughly in the neighborhood of 40
amps per square millimeter. Um 10 amps
per square millimeter if you want to do
it continuously.
And you if you have ordinary cooling. So
you have to do if you want to go higher
than that, you have to have some kind of
extraordinary cooling. So you have
limits on the current, you've got limits
on the magnetic field. Those two things
together put limits on the amount of
force that you can apply using a
magnetic field. So when we say a force
per unit area, we usually talk something
like PSI, some pounds per square inch
or other units would be like kilopascals
or bars.
So pounds per square inch, normally when
you think of pounds per square inch,
you're thinking of a pressure. And a
pressure is that force pounds per square
inch is acting against at right angles
to the um surface. We call that acting
normal to the surface. So the normal
stress gives you a pressure in PSI. If
you have a stress that's going along the
surface like the stress that we're using
to produce torque, we call that a shear
stress. So engineers will call that a
shear stress. And the limit for shear
stress that you can deliver with
magnetism
turns out to be about 14 pounds per
square inch. And some of the engineers
will know that 14 pounds per square inch
is about the same as atmospheric
pressure. It's hap it's a coincidence
but it's it makes it easy to remember.
You can only apply a shear stress equal
to about one atmosphere
using magnetism within the practical
limits of electric motors. And so how do
you get with that limit? How do you get
a lot of torque in a small package? And
it turns out that what YASA is doing,
they have this
disc and they're using both sides of the
disc. And so we have all of this surface
area to transmit that shear stress and
we have all of this surface area to
transmit the shear stress. So the two
sides of the disc, it turns out, is
almost exactly the same surface area to
transmit the force as the surface area
of this rotor. And that's why these two
produce about the same torque is they
have about the same surface area for
transmitting the torque. The big
difference is the volume. So the volume
of this is
large and it's a big big part of that
volume is made up of steel.
Here the volume of a disc for that
surface area is much smaller. And not
only that, but the way it's arranged is
that the amount of steel that's used is
much smaller. They have actually about
the same amount of copper because they
both carry the same amount of current.
They have about the same amount of
magnet material because again they both
need the same magnetic field. The big
difference is the steel. So this has
uh almost 30 kilograms less steel than
this. And that's the key. And steel
costs a lot of money. We aren't talking
about your average 1010 uh lowgrade
steel. This stuff is called electrical
steel and it's specifically chosen to
give low loss in a rotating magnetic
field. So that's the secret that the
secret sauce and I use this uh shear
stress, you know, 14 pounds per square
inch shear stress as a kind of sanity
check. When I see companies making
claims about extraordinary torque in an
amazingly small package, they've somehow
come up with a new way of making a motor
that is double, triple, or quadruple the
torque in a given package. I do this
little shear stress calculation to make
sure that they're not breaking any laws
of physics. And if they are, then we
smile and shake hands and walk away.
That's not where we want to invest our
money. Yasa passes that test. They're
doing it with clever geometry. Axial
flux motors allow them to use both sides
of the disc and that gets them the
surface area they need to carry the
torque without all the steel.
There's more. So when we actually this
is a awesome look at the what the
geometry of this looks like. But they we
also had a chance to get inside and look
at what's going on inside.
So each one of these
uh these are the the teeth of the stator
and each one of these is made of a steel
but it has a clever geometry in it. It's
you can see they're sort of tilted a
little bit one way
and then if you compare that with the
straight walls of the magnet. So the
magnets are rad have these radial lines
and you you watch as a a radial line
would go around
the circle. You'd see that the radius is
just leaving this point as it's starting
to pick up this point. And so the
magnetic flux from this tooth is just
leave. So the the magnet as it's leaving
this tooth is just starting to pick up
this tooth. And what that does is it
smooths out the magnetic field. So it
goes very smoothly from one tooth to the
other. If these were arranged radially,
then you'd have a gap in between
for as you go from one tooth to the
next. And that gap would produce torque
ripple and noise. And this by skewing
the
angle of the each tooth they get a
smooth sinosoidal back EMF. So that the
flux from the uh stator teeth becomes
smooth and sinosoidal which produces
smooth torque.
With a radial flux machine we try to do
something along those lines but instead
of smoothly doing it we do it in steps.
So they've offset the they've offset the
magnets by little bits so that you don't
have the each magnet hitting a stator
tooth with its flux all at once. It's it
a little the middle part hits it and
then these parts hit it and then these
parts hit it and it gives it a kind of a
gradual
um stepped up flux increase and that
makes the torque smoother. It makes the
the motor run smoother and quieter. And
they've been able to do that not in a
stepped way, but in a continuous way
with this geometry.
They were able to do this geometry
because they're using a special
material. This material is they didn't
just take a solid chunk of steel. It
does kind of look like a solid chunk of
steel that they just um cut out, but
instead it's not. It's a they took a
powdered metal where each grain of the
powder is coated with a electrical
insulator and they put the powder into a
mold and compact it. So this is called
this material is called a soft magnetic
composite. So it's mostly steel with a
little bit of insulating material that
gets in between the grains. And what
that insulating material does is it
prevents eddy currents from forming
because the the flux in this steel is
changing directions back and forth all
the time. And when you change the
direction of flux, you generate
voltages. If you generate voltages
inside steel, then you drive eddyurrens.
And the eddiurrens cause loss and that's
a problem. So they put little insulators
around each grain of steel and they
compact it and it forms whatever shape
they like. So they can get these complex
shapes. Each one of these individual
shapes um then gets wrapped with with
copper. Um and the the winding machine
that is used to wrap this copper around
the steel tooth is a relatively
inexpensive winding machine. So, I want
to mention that uh we at Monroe focus on
production stuff. You can talk about
prototype stuff all day long, but at in
at Monroe, we want to focus on
production equipment. This is a
production motor. It's in a hybrid
application. Um that the one that they
have announced is Lamborghini, a
Lamborghini hybrid, a performance
hybrid. Um and there's other
applications for this motor. And so
they're in production now with this
motor at uh modest levels. Yasa is
wholly owned by Mercedes-Benz and so
they know a thing or two about high
volume production. So this is geared
towards high volume production designed
for high volume production and is in
production now um at first now on
relatively low high performance um
applications like the Lamborghini. Um,
so we looked at this each each one of
these parts. This is the hub
and around here are the magnets.
Um, the magnets are laser welded to a
steel backing plate and there's a steel
ring around the outside to re to make
sure that the centrifugal forces um
aren't too much to keep the magnets in
place. So magnets are held in place by
this steel ring.
the stator which have these glass fiber
covers over the top of it. You want this
to be as thin as possible because this
material is in the air gap. The magnetic
flux has to go through this. So you want
to have as little as as as thin as
possible, but it needs to be very strong
uh because there are significant forces.
If you're doing 360 new meters of torque
and 167 horsepower or more, then you
need strength. And then there, this has
two rotors, one on either side,
uh, that goes like that. You put in
bolts to hold it together.
The magnets look large from this
surface, but they're actually quite
thin. Um, they only go back in here u
about 4 millimeters.
So that keeps the overall magnet
material amount of magnet material about
the same as the magnet material that's
used in this. So inside this stator if
you if you we take off this cover and
that's what we've done here and it fits
fits on just like this.
So inside this
is the stator where we have the copper
windings and the steel teeth. And we
also have the way that this is cooled.
We have two water entry. I'm sorry, not
water. It's oil. So you have oil which
is which does not conduct electricity
coming in and then it circulates uh
around each one of the teeth around the
the stator cooling the getting direct
contact on the windings. And so that's
how this can get um extremely good
cooling. That's one of the central
problems of a of a axioflux motor
because when you have spinning things
on both sides of your stator, it's a
little bit difficult to get heat out of
the stator if it's between two things
that are spinning at thousands of RPM.
So, uh, the way they did it pretty
clever with, uh, running oil in and the
oil circulates around all of the, uh,
channels just between each of the copper
windings. So, all of the copper windings
see continuously flowing oil
um, to keep them cool.
And then all the oil is kept from
spilling out by these
uh covers that are uh glued in place.
&gt;&gt; What's on the other side of the cover?
&gt;&gt; The on the other side of the cover we
have um steel. This is magnetic steel um
that fits right over the top of these
teeth. And that again minimizes the this
the magnetic flux passes through this
very well. Um, and so it minimizes the
gap between steel and the magnets here.
So the you you don't want to have much
material in the gap between your steel
and the magnets. So this helps
it also it's a little bit bigger and and
different profile from the the tooth
here. So again, it helps spread out the
flux from one tooth to the other. Ends
up being the end caps on both sides of
the these teeth. All kinds of things we
at Monroe uh absolutely love to see when
it comes to efficient design, minimizing
using a simple concept, geometric
concept to minimize the amount of
material. And ultimately it's this the
material that drives the cost and the
cost of this. So you end up with lots of
steel versus a little steel. You have
less weight, less cost, and the same
performance or better performance. And
when I I say better performance, yes,
they're they've got a prototype that
does a 1000 horsepower in this package.
And I want to talk a little bit about
how they do that. If you want to go to
the next level with this design
and and Yasa has these things on the
books now um then the way to go that for
this design it has the sky is the limit.
Um,
one of the disadvantages with all this
steel is that the flux in the steel, the
magnetic flux in the steel as the rotor
is spinning, the flux is going round and
round in circles in this back iron.
Sometimes it's going this way, sometimes
it's going that way, sometimes it's
going in towards the the center. And so
the flux at any given point inside this
back iron is going round and round in
circles. Well, that's
that's that's a a problem for this
because you have to use a particular
kind of steel that has a minimum loss
for any direction of flux. So they call
that nonoriented non-grainoriented
steel. And you can only get steel that's
non-grainoriented
that is so good. is particularly it has
a particular loss
when with this type of motor the flux
either goes this way or it goes that
way.
So it's always in one direction. So if
the flux is always going in one
direction and not going in circles
then you can use something called
grainoriented steel and grain oriented
steel. So instead of using the um this
soft magnetic magnetic composite, you
could use grain oriented steel
laminations.
Uh if you made it all the way through
this, I appreciate the the view and uh
uh looking forward to talking to you
next time. Uh thanks again from Monroe
Live.