Channel:     futureaza
Title:       Tesla’s Future May Have Nothing To Do With Cars
URL:         https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aPzOM7hZwdk
Published:   2026-09-22 18:00 UTC
Fetched:     2026-09-22 19:00 UTC

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Tesla will in four or five years will
not be selling cars to the public. So it
will just be robo taxi. They may be
selling them to fleets for the public
but not individual drivers. Now there
may still be individual cars sold to the
public in four or five years by General
Motors or Ford or Hyundai or whatever
but I don't think it'll be Tesla.
&gt;&gt; Tesla is not the only game in town when
it comes to full self-driving. There are
other companies out there. You know
about Whimo, but you know about Pony AI
and Lyft. Wait a minute. Lyft is getting
back in the game. Well, sort of. Turns
out there's a whole bunch of players
around the world trying to get in on
this particular gold rush, but only one
has cars that are actually gold. So,
that gives them an extra point in my
book. I got Randy Kirk joining me to
consider if other companies are a real
threat if the pie is just so big it
doesn't matter. And are we worried about
BYD as Tesla shareholders, especially
over the long term? Let's find out. I'm
Brian. Welcome to Futurazza.
&gt;&gt; I don't ever worry, Brian. I find it to
be a counterproductive emotion.
&gt;&gt; Okay. Well, I think that's reasonable
for you. Uh you take vacations in places
where it's uh not as likely to give you
tremendous gastrointestinal distress. Uh
so I have to worry a little bit. It
keeps me safe.
Oh, that they did just endure another
hurricane just last week. So, you know,
&gt;&gt; I did see the aftermath photos and it
was heartbreaking. I didn't understand
the scope of the problems until I saw
that. Okay, so I'm going to start with
some perspective here. Reuters, China's
pony AI unveils the latest robo truck
model as it targets European sales.
They're not going after the cars,
they're going after the trucks. This is
an interesting take. They will be among
the first in Europe to try and crack the
longhaul or I mean just the trucking
business. They unveiled a new level four
autonomous heavy goods vehicle on Monday
at the IAA transportation trade fair in
Hanover. And you know uh that's
interesting. I don't know that that's
going to do the trick. Uh the next story
I wanted to share because I've just got
a few of these. We'll get through them
is uh Tokyo, your autonomous ride is
arriving. So, Whimo getting into Tokyo
now. We saw them testing vehicles last
year. So, this is not a big surprise.
And then this one, uh, Singapore.
They're heading to Singapore as well.
So, bringing scalable is it? We'll find
out. Safe autonomous mobility to the
Lion City. This tells me that Whimo has
turned a corner on their scalability.
Hopefully that is true. And then, of
course, I wanted to share this.
Subscribe. It's free and it's easy. And
this is definitely us. You can subscribe
to both of our channels. It doesn't cost
any extra to do that. And then of course
this comical bit here. Lyft has entered
the robo taxi chat. What? How on earth?
They are partnered with Whimo in
Nashville. Oh
&gt;&gt; so they undercut they undercut uh Uber
on that.
&gt;&gt; Okay. Smart. Smart. Uh you can order it
directly from the Whimo app or try your
luck on Lyft. So pretty much what's
going on is that Whimo isn't fully
filled up from their own app.
&gt;&gt; It'll also appear on Lyft. Just a no
lose scenario for Whimo as I see it. I
do not see it as Lyft in any way getting
into that. But there's another company,
Randy. I don't know if you've heard of
them. They're called Tesla. And just
just on Monday, we saw Roland Percher at
Paloli on X pointing out that Czech
Republic now has approval.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Yeah.
&gt;&gt; One more autonomous country unlocked.
&gt;&gt; I think that's seven now. And so then
you start to ask the question, if seven
of them said yes, what is the problem
with the rest of them? You've got I
mean, it just makes no sense.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Well, there's always going to be
leaders and lagards. It could be that
they looked at the approvals in other
countries and said, "Look, there's only
7,000 in our market. What's the worst
that could happen?" Um, it's I don't
know. I don't know what the calculus is
for those countries. Um, but I can see
the Czech Republic being one that
doesn't have a stake in Elon
emotionally,
&gt;&gt; right?
&gt;&gt; And may and and that as much as we'd
like to say that humans are always
rational, we know that's not true.
uh we are deeply irrational monkeys. Um
in terms of global robo taxi now in the
US I think it's going to be down to just
a few players
really just Whimo and and uh Tesla at
this point because if there was someone
else breathing down their neck we'd see
them. Zuks can't really scale, but if
they want to get a few thousand a year
out, maybe even five or 10,000 a year
out, that's great. Let them do it. But
you're not going to compete with
somebody who can make 5,000 in a week
without breaking a sweat. So, let's
start with the US. Is there any
competition coming?
&gt;&gt; Yeah. So, um the president of United
States just said that he's going to have
a conversation with Shei this week, but
we know that. and he said that one of
the things that will be on the docket
will be will we allow any of the Chinese
makers to come and build in the United
States.
&gt;&gt; So that's still up in the air. Ford and
General Motors HAVE ALREADY SAID NO no
please don't
do that.
So, and then the next question would be
if it was a Chinese vehicle that was
being built here, would we allow it to
have um any kind of uh of capability
like FSD or you know used as cabs or
anything? So, I think the odds are low.
To answer your question, I've always
thought that we would get about 75% of
the US market um because again because
of the capability to scale if nothing
else. uh if even if they had multiple
additional people coming along that had
like a okay we have um we have uh uh
Jensen over Nvidia um he's saying look
we're we're we're creating this um this
package that you can buy and you can put
it in your car now you've got to put
your stuff on top of it so it's probably
a three-year journey but it's cut down
instead of fiveear journey it's a
three-year journey if you know what
you're doing
anyway So, uh, those are the
possibilities in the United States. I
think very remote and so I'm sticking
with my theory. It'll be 75%
uh, dominated by Tesla here. The Albamio
system is a double-edged sword. You do
have to build it yourself. You do have
to train it yourself, but if you do
that, it'll have presumably some of its
own guard rails in place that could
allow a country to keep their data in
the US. The same way Tesla's permitted
to have training data in China, that
does not leave. Um, you just make the
punishment for exporting it significant
enough that they won't do it.
&gt;&gt; Well, no, they're talking about making
them in the United States. So,
&gt;&gt; no, no, it's the data I'm talking about.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; And in China, Tesla had an agreement
that there was a limited amount of data
that could be exported. They they looked
at all the rules. They filled out all
the paperwork and then said, "Nah, we're
not going to do it." It I don't know if
it was too ownorous or too risky, but
they said just don't just train it
there. Um, and that is certainly slowing
them down because computer is harder to
come by in China due to import
restrictions on some of the most cutting
edge compute chips for AI. So, that's
somewhat tricky. Now let's look about
look uh at the rest of the world because
a lot of uh people forget that the US is
not the whole world and that there are
countries that import Tesla vehicles but
also all flavor of Chinese vehicles.
You've got the Huawei inside batch of
cars from a variety of manufacturers
that have awfully good uh not quite as
good but awfully good FSD. They've got
the entrance from companies like Neo and
Xiaopang or Xpang if you prefer. Those
are all FSD competitors and aspiring to
be robo taxi competitors. I know all of
them have robo taxi trials in place in
various cities. In the rest of the
world, how big is uh how likely is it
that Tesla will command even a third of
the market? Yeah, I would say that's
actually kind of my number is about a
third of the market, let's say in Europe
or Japan or Australia or Singapore. Um,
you know, now some of them might be more
and some might be less, but I think
that's kind of the number that's been in
my head. Uh, much lower in China. Um,
I'd be h I'd be shocked if we got five
or 10% of the Chinese market, but when
you add that all together worldwide,
you'd still be talking about 25% share.
and 25% share of that business is a lot
of money. Um so but uh Europe I think
you know yes we will be fighting some of
the Chinese brands maybe eventually some
of the European brands will figure it
out. I don't know. Uh when you got you
got Japanese brands of course that are
pretty smart but they're not very far
along. Um but yeah uh just generally
speaking uh somebody was saying the
other day uh that Japan would be a
perfect place for these uh uh the cyber
cams should do very well very well in
Japan. Um the the subways are phenomenal
but I can see where people would pay if
it wasn't that expensive to stay out of
the subways.
&gt;&gt; Well and certain hours and certain
routes it's not always great. Certainly
for interc city um you do have fantastic
rail but it may not go to the place you
need it to. We'll we'll see. Uh but it
is going to exist there. Robo taxi will
exist probably everywhere. Uh eventually
and by eventually I mean I don't know
within 10 years maybe. Uh so it's not
super far out. Uh now I had a great
question from a viewer. BC Jones wanted
to know what concerns do you have to the
Tesla stock if BYD is allowed to enter
the US as Trump seems willing to do? And
I will point out that not only did you
mentioned that he he said build the
factories here and he'll do it. I went
ahead and asked your friend Grock and uh
because I know you love Grock and it
said yeah it's these are things he's
been saying for a while that you know
&gt;&gt; there's push back but if they're going
to play by whatever rules we determine
are necessary. There's no reason it
couldn't happen. Uh so what do we what
do we think about that? If BYD comes to
the US, how concerned are you about the
stock? So I think if BYD came to the US,
they might decide to try to niche
themselves in the US with smaller
vehicles.
&gt;&gt; The big vehicles are covered. I mean,
you know, the big the monster trucks and
SUVs and stuff, those markets are
blanketed. Now they might decide that
because of the profitability that they
wouldn't go after some of that. But
there still is a is I think it was you
who know might have been you who told me
three years ago when I thought there
were no sedans and you go no there's
still sedans in the United States and so
I started watching I start if I was
sitting in and near a road or something
okay let's see let me see how many
sedans and yeah there's a lot of sedans
still out there so I could imagine they
might come in in the United States and
make something that's niched rather than
trying to go right into the throat of
what's already big and then the cyber
camp side of
or the robo taxi
&gt;&gt; robo taxi
&gt;&gt; um you know if they've got a robo taxi
they'll probably compete and I think
they would grab off a certain share uh
you know we're not going to get it all
&gt;&gt; right and I would say that while BYD has
dozens of models to choose from that
cover the entire spectrum in China they
wouldn't do that with a factory here
they'd probably pick at most three or
four models and say that's where we're
going it might be the seal and sea to go
headto-head with the three and Y, but it
might not. Like you said, they might go
down to the ATO 2 or one, maybe even the
Dolphin or Seagull, but I don't I don't
know if they would go quite that far
down market.
Their cost advantages in China are
structural. They have a lot of vertical
integration that gives them tremendous
pricing power. They would not have that
structure here. And if they're going to
try to import all the, you know, uh,
complicated parts, those are the most
expensive ones. They'd all be subject to
tariff. It would erode your savings and
any staff you have here are going to be
paid US wages. So that's while the labor
portion is a very small portion of the
car. It all adds up. I mean, all those
things we just mentioned adds up. So
hopefully if they did decide to build a
factory in North America, they would
bring with them a battery factory that
they would build and operate here. They
would bring with them a real factory
that's not building knockdown kits or
anything like that, but the actual the
real assembly from all the local
suppliers and they would still find
hopefully a way to do so in a way that's
cost competitive and compelling. But
then they got to build out the whole
network, the whole dealer and service
network. And I don't mean dealer, I mean
it would be presumably direct sales,
&gt;&gt; but the showroom network and the service
network and a country this size that's
can be problematic. So in terms of the
stock,
taking this as the global picture in the
light most favorable to BYD, which would
be that they are that they could build a
factory, that they could bite off some
market share. Uh I'm personally not
worried because Tesla is more than just
cars and autonomy. It's a whole lot of
things. BYD is as well. I think the
people who should be worried are the
legacy players and the deeply entrenched
auto interests who've been so intrigent
all this time and just plain stuck in
the mud. Uh I think the car market's big
enough. I think the autonomy market's
big enough. BYD is building a robot.
That market's big enough. Um, I think
I'm as a shareholder, I'm not worried
about BYD becoming more successful. How
about you? What are your thoughts?
&gt;&gt; Yeah. So, I think uh that it would not
if if they just made the announcement,
okay, we are going to build a factory
here, I don't think the stock could move
an inch. Um, I do think that it would
take them three to four years to build a
factory here. Uh, they don't have the
what do you want to call it, the road
knowledge and stuff. Now they could be
getting that along the way. Maybe they
would buy the package from Nvidia uh so
that they would have a starting point.
&gt;&gt; They are already partnered with Nvidia.
Their God's Eye system so amazing. You
know what? We're going to partner with
Nvidia, which to me was a a revelation.
&gt;&gt; Right. Right. Right. So all of that is
could move them along more quickly. But
again, we're talking three, four, five
years. I believe that and and a lot of
people believe that we will have only
that that Tesla will in four or five
years will not be selling cars to the
public. So it will just be robo taxi.
They may be selling them to fleets for
the public but not for individual
drivers. There may still be individual
cars sold to the public in four or five
years by General Motors or Ford or
Hyundai or whatever, but I don't think
it'll be Tesla because the market, you
know, whatever how many of cars they're
making at that point, 2, three, four,
five million a year, they'll have plenty
of places to put them in fleets.
&gt;&gt; I will disagree with that point. I think
they will gladly continue selling human
operable vehicles because there are
people who want them even if only 1% of
the time or 5% of the time having that
option uh and something fun that's still
quite safe to drive. I think that's not
going to disappear this quickly. I know
Tesla's been saying since at least 2018
that within 5 years they would no longer
be selling cars, but uh it hasn't
materialized. sales is still a big part
of it. And now revenue from those sales
is becoming uh substantial because uh
those subscriptions, there are people
with cars that are 5 years old, three
years old, a year old where Tesla only
got, you know, $5,000 or whatever the
markup might have been who are now
generating $99 a month for just a a
software push that was already on the
car. I think they'll continue selling
cars. And in the comments, I'd love to
know if you guys think they'll still
sell cars. Why or why not? What says
you, Randy?
&gt;&gt; Well, we we would all want to put forth
my most important argument for this,
which is if we believe the Tesla story,
Roboaxi is going to be, you know, a
trillion dollar business and Optimus is
going to be a$5 trillion business and so
or whatever. So, the sale of vehicles is
going to be a rounding error. In fact,
the sale of trucks, the sale of energy,
all of it's going to be a rounding
error. And that's what Elon Musk has
said, that's what Kathy Wood has said.
Everybody's, anybody who studied it
deeply says all of these other
businesses will become rounding airs
compared to Robo Taxi and Optimus. So,
at the point that it's a rounding error,
it's like, why do I why do I want to
sell 10,000 cars a year to private
individuals or even a 100,000 cars a
year to private individuals when the
whole market basically is switching over
to even if they still buy one, it's
self-driving. Uh it's doesn't even have
a steering wheel anymore. So anyway,
that's my that's my
&gt;&gt; Well, I I'll say it's because there's
billions of dollars there and a rounding
error uh that is billions of dollars is
still billions of dollars and that all
of those vehicles are not just bringing
in those initial billions but uh the
residuals as well for whichever layer of
autonomy they're doing if there are
different levels of of pricing on it.
And I think that humans are at least
half of us are gatherers. They want
their own stuff, even if it costs a
little bit more. And you see that uh you
know, you'll see people order separate
fries. I want my own fries. Buddy, you
can't finish your fries. I don't care. I
want them.
Well, I hope you take them home and
enjoy them leftovers.
&gt;&gt; You sound like a dad who knows this from
experience.
&gt;&gt; I do. I do. So guys, in the comments,
what do we miss? What do we
misunderstand? Leave it. I beg of you,
everyone else, like, subscribe, do what
you do, and stay tuned. Stay juicy. And
I cannot wait to hear from you clever
robots over in the comments on Ry's
channel where I participate low twice a