Channel:     electrified
Title:       Elon Just Issued a Serious AI Warning ⚡️
URL:         https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=r2IvwubFXMA
Published:   2026-09-14 23:57 UTC
Fetched:     2026-09-15 01:00 UTC

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Welcome to Electrified. It's your host,
Dylan Lumis. A quick shout out to my
newest patron, Craig S. Thank you for
choosing to support the channel. This
was a very wild weekend in the world of
AI, to say the least. And this will come
as no surprise, but the one person I
have been trusting most to sound the
alarm when it comes to AI safety has
been Elon. And yes, it's true, he's been
sounding that alarm about AI safety now
for well over a decade. But what changed
this weekend is he's now being more
specific, agreeing with a new essay that
Daario Amade from Anthropic put out. So,
quickly, to make sure everybody's up to
speed, Daario puts out this essay
titled, "We must pace the frontier."
Basically arguing that these frontier
labs need to slow the pace of capability
improvement of these AI models so that
things like alignment and testing and
evaluation can keep up. There seem to be
some newfound concerns that AI
researchers at these firms and employees
will no longer be able to actually
understand what these models are doing
and why. And the buzz phrase of the
weekend was RSI, recursive
self-improvement, which in its simplest
form is just these models now improving
the future models on their own,
effectively removing the human from the
loop more and more. So yes, it's true
that on some scale that's already
happening, but if you ask a 100
different people, you'll likely get over
80 different answers of what RSI
actually is, but I think it's very
important to call out these guys are not
asking to stop training altogether. One
of the main changes from Daario's essay
would be the frontier labs using what
they're calling embedded evaluators,
which would effectively be these
independent teams that get employee-like
access to these labs and their models.
they can do their research and they can
report their findings. Brief
interruption by editor Dylan here. I'm
seriously considering starting another
channel because I just I want to talk
about a lot more of this in depth. I
really am captivated by all of this. But
this independent group that Anthropic
was recommending for these embedded
evaluators was MER. In short, as Kevin
pointed out, MER is financially
dependent on Anthropic success. And if
Anthropic succeeds, MER and its parent
organizations become more richly
financed to regulate AI, something those
that METR want very much. But as I was
saying, this third party evaluator is
not really a third party. And then he
shared a very long detailed breakdown of
the financial ties and all of the
organizations. But think about it. Do we
really think the leaders of these
frontier AI labs are just going to hand
open access to any truly independent
third party? I'm just super skeptical
that they would do that. And another
thrust from Daario's essay was wanting
global cooperation specifically with
China. And yes, he himself admitted he
wasn't sure if that was even possible,
but he thinks we should try. Then Elon
decides to jump in sharing that essay
saying that Daario is right. And Elon
said peer review of AI by competitors is
the right way to start this whole thing
off. But already we have questions
because by competitors, what does that
even mean? Does that mean Elon wants to
have a look at what OpenAI and Anthropic
are doing and then give his opinion and
vice versa? I certainly doubt it, but
that's why I've been saying I think we
need a public forum where these guys get
online and have a podcast and kind of
explain things in a bit more detail.
Then Sam Alman jumped on the AI safety
train saying that we now have these
extremely capable models that were
outpacing even his expectations and he
wasn't expecting the progress to happen
so fast. and he said that OpenAI would
be committed to deploying these
independent evaluators as well. And he
said they would have more to share soon.
Sam also said that OpenAI welcomes a
federal framework and that they will
need the help of the government to
coordinate this globally. But he did
also say the Frontier Lab should be
doing everything they can on their own
in the interim. But from here things
went to an even new level.
&gt;&gt; Now you might ask, why doesn't
government just control the technology
completely? Would you be willing to give
up the technology to the government
&gt;&gt; to the to the right combination of
governments? So the worry I have
&gt;&gt; you're willing to hand over this
company.
&gt;&gt; I want to be very clear about this. The
the worry I have I am concerned that one
single government could abuse this
technology just as easily as a single
company could. But I think a combination
of democratically elected governments,
I don't know about handing over, but
some kind of oversight, some kind of
joint governance. Again, that would be
the work of years, but I wonder if
that's the direction we need to go in.
&gt;&gt; So maybe Daario doesn't want to hand the
proverbial keys to one government, but
perhaps a multi-government organization
that forms this joint oversight
committee. My biggest concern with all
of this is that whatever this
organization or regulatory body or
governmental entity becomes is that it's
not actually going to be independent.
I'm not even sure that's possible at
this stage. And then somebody on X
shared that interview basically saying
that if we hand the keys of AI to any
government then that's going to be a
major no to which Elon said true. So
again my biggest problem here is this is
all so vague in general. We don't have
any type of specifics and until we do,
we really just can't offer that much of
an analysis. And there's so much more
going on here like Jacob Coxin leaving
Anthropic where he only worked for a few
weeks and then basically doing a media
push saying that they think AI could
kill us all within a few years. I wrote
about that somewhat extensively over on
X. If you didn't see it, I would
encourage you to take a look. But at the
very least, it's all with interesting
timing ahead of the midterms and right
in line with a bill that Bernie Sanders
just already had written up that would
effectively look to ban ASI, artificial
super intelligence, and that would also
look to establish a federal regulatory
body that would protect the public from
the dangers of AI. Now look, I'm not
going to claim to be a savant and act
like I know what everybody is really
getting at here. What's underneath all
of the hype and the headlines and the
hysteria because my actual belief is
really nobody actually knows where we're
all going to be just 2 or 3 years from
now. Everybody, including the Elons and
Sams and Daarios, they're really just
guessing. And further, I do think there
are kernels of truth in every argument.
Multiple things can be true at once.
These guys can have actual concerns
about AI safety. I think that's real.
But simultaneously, they can also be
angling for some regulatory capture to
help slow the competition. That's
because it's simply a fact that more and
more companies are starting to buy their
own compute to download and run these
openweight models and train them on
their own so that they can protect their
own company data. And for any business
that has proprietary information it
doesn't want public, you almost have to
go that route. And sure, there are
enterprise APIs that will make certain
promises about data privacy, but whether
that's enforced or not is an entirely
different conversation. And so, none of
these labs will come out and say, "Yeah,
we want to slow down openweight AI." But
from a profitability standpoint for
companies like Anthropic and Open AAI
that are about to IPO, that is clearly
one of the biggest risk factors to their
entire business model. But Elon's been
pretty clear and he reiterated this
weekend that at this point there's
really nothing that's going to slow down
openweight models. But that doesn't mean
this new regulatory body can't at least
try to. Even if not doing so directly,
it would likely be indirect. And this is
all complicated by the fact that if the
US labs do slow down, even if that's a
good thing for safety, we can be pretty
sure that China is not going to slow
down. And before mentioning what Trump
and Jensen just said about the matter, I
do think it's important to point this
out. This is a sad reality that I think
most are still clueless about. These
data brokers never stop scraping the
internet. Delete Me's own privacy team
has said the average person gets about
167 new pieces of personal information
added to 23 new broker sites every
single year, which you guessed it is
part of why I'm still recommending
Delete Me, the sponsor of this video.
And don't sleep on one of the best
features of Delete Me, these custom
removal requests. So, if a specific
listing is bothering you, you can flag
it and Real Privacy Advisers will help
you to get that handled. It's not just
an automated sweep. And as I've said
before, it's an American company. This
is all that they do. And they remove
your information from hundreds of data
brokers. And maybe most importantly,
they keep rescanning continuously
because these listings will continue to
repopulate. In my latest report, they
reviewed over 7,400 records, found me on
24 sites still. They pulled 39
exposures, and 141 pieces of my personal
information. And just in the past few
years of me working with Delete Me,
they've already saved me about 106 hours
of searching and 66 hours of removals
that I didn't have to do or think about.
And yes, you can add your spouse, your
parents, your kids 16 and up at a
discount per person. So, if you'd like
to support Electrified and protect the
people you love, you can head to
joindeme.com/electrified
to get 20% off using my code electrified
linked below or by using the QR code on
the screen. So, on to what Trump said
this weekend. He likened the critics of
AI to very negative forces bringing up
scenarios that will not happen. And he
said he wants to make sure the US
remains the industry leader. He said,
"We're leading China in AI. We're the
most sophisticated country in the world.
And frankly, I want to keep it that way
because whoever wins AI wins." He said,
"We could put guard rails. We can do
this and that, but I think you have a
lot of very negative forces that are
bringing it up that shouldn't be
bringing it up, and they're bringing up
things that won't happen." And then
Trump actually talked to Jensen on the
phone during the all-in summit,
basically to say that the AI
fear-mongering is a hoax. He said, "Data
centers are great. They make cities and
the people wealthy." He said AI is
bigger than the internet. That the
fear-mongerers are playing into the
hands of China. And that we're not going
to let that happen. So, I just wanted to
lay out who is saying what at this point
because right now we really don't have
any tangible changes. And interestingly,
this weekend, OpenAI said it's likely
going to delay its IPO into next year,
reiterating those thoughts that we heard
earlier this year. But today, we have
people from Anthropic saying that their
IPO will not be delayed by the AI safety
uproar. They're saying that the case for
AI safety will actually be improved by
their company going public, which that
alone is hard to argue with. And Trump
did just say on Truth Social that
President Xi of China just announced
China will be doing absolutely nothing
to stand in the way of AI or its future.
So is it because these frontier labs are
having their margins compressed thanks
to open-source gathering market share?
Is it because these frontier labs are a
bit too extended with this excessive
capex spend? Like I said, I think there
are kernels of truth in all of it. So at
this point, we just have to wait and see
what if anything concrete comes from all
this hysteria. But hopefully this all
helps to lay the groundwork for when
that time comes. Then this morning, Elon
poured a bit of cold water on the
excitement around Grock 4.7. He said
that should be roughly on par with Opus
5, not 5.1. Better in some ways, worse
in others. We need to fix multimodal
performance. Grock 4.8 will be a
noticeable improvement. 4.9 is probably
astrophable class. Grock 5 may be better
than anything. We shall see. So, this is
effectively Elon admitting that SpaceX
AI is roughly three releases away from
reaching the frontier, and that's where
it is as of today. And Elon was asked
how close Gro 4.8 will be toward
achieving AGI. And Elon said that will
be Gro 5, which will likely be well into
next year. But it's fair to ask the
question, are we actually going to slow
down or are we just going to posture
about it publicly? And no, I'm not just
talking about Elon and SpaceX AI.
talking about the entire industry. And
that brings up another fair point. All
of these companies can on their own
without any regulatory body pace the
progress that they're making. So it's
understandable to think that they want
this regulatory body so that they can
write up the regulations in a way that
will slow down open source and slow down
the rest of the competition. And the way
they would do that is by setting these
compliance hurdles in such a manner that
these smaller AI companies really can't
jump once they get to a point where they
would become competitive. So, it's clear
as day we're now at an inflection point
with the most powerful technology that
we'll likely see in our lifetimes. And
so, the decisions that likely a handful
of people are about to make here over
the next 1 to 2 years are going to have
incredible impacts on the future of
humanity. So, for me, I think it's very
important that as many people as
possible hear the arguments and
understand both sides. So when it comes
time to vote and support different
models with your dollars, you have at
least some level of information. Tesla
Australia said Isurich is now the first
insurer in Australia to offer Tesla
owners lower premiums reflecting fewer
collisions and fewer claims. This Zurich
company, which is a small player in the
market, as far as I can tell, is now
using data provided by Tesla rather than
its own realworld risk assessment. And
I'm sure the savings are going to vary
here, but one anecdote was shared would
have an annual premium being reduced by
just over $100 if you have FSD compared
to one without it. But the news here,
Zurich claims to be Australia's first
insurance provider to take FSD
supervised into account when calculating
premiums and only the second insurer in
the world to do so. And the product
manager at the company said, "The data
shows drivers using this tech are
involved in far fewer accidents, so it's
important they can access insurance that
reflects this lower risk." And speaking
of Australia, Ryan Cohen shared a
response from the Fully Charged show in
his YouTube comment section. Their
official account said, "Mr. Musk openly,
publicly, and proudly supports extreme
hate-based groups in the UK, the AFD in
Germany, and many other extremist
right-wing groups around the world." We
all have to live with that. I know
dozens of people who work for the
incredible company that is Tesla that
find the boss utterly abhorrent. So
you're very very wrong. Sane people with
a bit of critical thinking are very
aware that he's a very unpleasant white
supremacist who holds sack fulls of
hatefilled weird views. Frankly, this is
not even worth my time to refute, but I
wanted to put it out there and you can
do with that information what you will
when it comes to what you listen to.
When it comes to the upcoming Tesla
Roadster, we finally have a date. Tesla
said go for launch. The date will be
October 1st. And if you mess with the
brightness of the image they shared,
you'll find where we're going dot dot
dot. And the conclusion of that sentence
is we don't need roads. That's because
of what Jose, who used to work at Tesla,
said, "The four white streaks in the
teaser look like downward thrusters
firing." If you're not familiar, cold
gas thrusters are simple. A
high-pressure tank dumps compressed air
through nozzles. No fire. The gas shoots
out fast and the car gets pushed the
other way. point them down and the force
goes up. If that force is stronger than
the car's weight, the tires leave the
ground for a second or two, enough for a
short lift off the pavement. And he
said, "So yeah, where we're going, we
don't need roads. Invites are officially
going out. RSVPs are due by September
16th, and the event will be held in
Waco, Texas." And I know that the
Roadster will be incredibly trivial when
it comes to Tesla's financials, but I
have never been more excited for a
product demo from Tesla ever. I, for
one, have been waiting for the last
hardcore smackdown to gas vehicles, and
this will be that. And as a fan of super
hardcore engineering, I really do think
this one will be something special.
Plus, it'll be a new halo or
aspirational car for many Tesla owners,
and it'll undoubtedly make for some
pretty incredible social media content.
But the real question is, when is this
going to enter production? Because it
better be sometime in 2027. Pulling a
screenshot from the Model Y owner
manual, you'll see text messaging. Ask
Grock to send a text to a contact or a
phone number. For example, text mom
saying on my way. So clearly text
messaging through Grock in your Tesla
vehicle is on the product road map. But
very important to note at the top it
says when the assistant personality is
selected, Grock supports the following
in addition to navigation. And I do find
it somewhat surprising it's not here
yet, but encouraging to hear that it
should be coming. In Minneapolis,
there's a newly proposed ordinance in
the city council that would require any
companies operating driverless vehicles
to have a human monitor, a licensed
driver who would sit in the driver's
seat. The statement said, "Unless the
city takes immediate action, thousands
of rid share drivers and their families
could begin to lose income to big tech
companies and their commercial ads,
which unlike rid share companies are not
currently regulated by the city. If the
council and the mayor approve the
ordinance, it'll take effect October
2027. Today, we learned Tesla has
established a subsidiary in Vietnam,
which marks its formal entry into one of
Southeast Asia's faster growing EV
markets. Vietnam's light vehicle market
might end up in the neighborhood of
about 600,000 units for 2026. And when
it comes to the domestic EV share there,
VinFast makes up about 99% of the
domestic EV sales in Vietnam. But
importantly, this is not a factory
announcement for Tesla. So Tesla will be
importing cars into Vietnam, which means
yes, the cost is going to be higher and
a majority of the EVs sold there are in
the $15 to $25,000 range. So in the near
term, this market will likely only be a
few thousand units for Tesla. But longer
term, of course, all of these markets
are establishing a footprint for future
lowcost transportation, aka robo taxi.
Max from Tesla said, "Semi charging for
business is now live in Germany, the
Netherlands, Belgium, the UK, and
France. We plan on offering it in every
country where we operate Mega Chargers.
It will of course take months for this
business venture to get off the ground,
but obviously with deliveries expected
into Europe in 2027, this needs to start
now. And importantly, as Tesla says,
both the Mega Chargers and the base
chargers are included as part of this
program. And for these companies who buy
the Tesla semi-charging hardware, it'll
all come standard with the same
hardware, software, and pricing controls
and service as those in Tesla's network.
And not only do they get the hardware
and software, but a full service package
that includes network operations,
preventative maintenance, and driver
support. And Tesla is guaranteeing 97%
plus uptime. And then the companies can
actually adjust the pricing and track
performance using Tesla's portal. And
Tesla does handle the service under this
agreement. And because most of the EU
right now is still operating on the CCS2
network, it's important to note Tesla
does have an MCS adapter. So the Tesla
Semi, which is only MCS, will be able to
charge on the existing CCS2 sites as
Tesla builds out its mega charger
network. And as we said, this version of
the Tesla Semi has no traditional side
view mirrors. It only uses a camera
system, meaning the European version
will have 10 cameras total with a full
360° view. And the Tesla team did
confirm the cab of the Tesla Semi in
Europe will be exactly the same length
and width as the US version. And as we
covered earlier, it sounds like Tesla
does not have any imminent plans to
bring a long range Tesla Semi to the
European market. I would expect at some
point in the future that to come, but it
sounds like it might not be anytime in
2027. On the Tesla careers page, they
now have 14 different job postings for
data collection operators for Optimus in
different cities. We have Draper, Utah,
Tempe, Arizona, Tampa, Florida, Orlando,
Florida, San Antonio, Texas, Dural,
Florida, San Diego, California, Marina,
Del Rey, California, Henderson, Nevada,
and of course, PaloAlto and Austin, as
you would expect. And these roles will
be responsible for manipulation of
objects, walking predetermined routes,
and follow testing guidelines at both
Tesla facilities and in public
environments. Whimo beat Tesla to the
punch on this one as they've opened up
its robo taxi service to the public in
Las Vegas just a few weeks after they
received their regulatory approval. It
said it'll invite public riders on a
rolling basis. Whimo said it'll start
with dozens of its Ohio vehicles. And
this is city number 15 for Whimo. And
just some comedy for you to end today.
Hyundai came out and said that they're
taking the slow and steady approach so
that they can overtake Tesla when it
comes to autonomy in 5 years. And best
of all is how they plan to do this. It's
by deliberately delaying the timeline of
its autonomous driving system. Betting
that a slower rollout focused on data
collection and machine learning will let
it overtake Tesla in 5 years. Not even
worth covering further than that, but as
I like to say, you just can't make this
stuff up. SpaceX's timeline for
Starship's Flight 14 has been delayed a
few days. Now, it'll be no earlier than
September 22nd. And in case you missed
it, please have a look at this video of
Tesla's supervised FSD.
Tesla stock closed the day at $358.97
down 1.77%
and SpaceX closed at $148.15
down 2.02% all while the NDX was
down82%.
Don't forget check out delete me linked
below. quite timely given everything
going on with the AI fears and more bad
actors in the market. And as always,
seriously guys, cannot thank you enough
for supporting the channel in that way.
Hope you all have a wonderful day and a
huge thank you to all of my Patreon
supporters.