Channel:     futureaza
Title:       How Tesla Saves Thousands Per Car
URL:         https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vcKkTezL7pk
Published:   2026-07-11 12:00 UTC
Fetched:     2026-07-11 13:00 UTC

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

That's the beauty of it, isn't it?
Because Tesla is the most Americanmade
car in the the world. Um, so yeah, in
America, which is the the the the
craziest the craziest secret that should
not be a secret. If they had a better
marketing department, that would be
plastered all over everything. And they
have been trying to their credit
recently. I've seen that. But you don't
and and honestly, it's not just the
final assembly, which is what a lot of
companies talk about. It's like, oh, we
put all these parts from China together
here in America. It's like, no, no, no,
no, no. They're I mean they're they've
got a lithium refining factory. They've
right ground up chemicals that they're
going to use in the batteries. The 4680
batteries which are in the cyber cab are
made in America. Robo taxi rollout is
upon us if you believe everything those
crazy liars like to tell you. Well, I've
been in one, so maybe that counts for
something. We're seeing it roll out in
more and more cities. And of course,
it's not just Tesla. It's other brands
as well. And it's not just the US, it's
other countries as well. But we're going
to talk about the Tesla side of it
because that's where most people are
most excited because there's the most
going on. This is recorded uh a day
after 77. We will cover the big big news
from that day, if it exists, and we're
going to be talking about some costs
between Tesla and their rivals and who's
going to come out ahead. I'm joined
today by Dr. Knowitall himself. uh not
an AI version. I checked by running some
trivia by him and he did not break. Uh
so that's helpful. I'm Brian. Welcome to
Futurza.
&gt;&gt; John, how are you? I'm doing good. I was
actually back to the Star Trek episode
where Spock or Kirk breaks the uh the
android's minds by saying something
like, "I love you. I hate you." And then
they blow up. So I was imagining the AI
version of me. You go like, "I love you.
I hate you." And my head goes,
&gt;&gt; "Yeah, I think if some Yeah, that would
that would break my mind. I'd be like,
John, after all we've been through."
&gt;&gt; Seriously,
&gt;&gt; we haven't been through that much, but
it' still be pretty weird.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. And uh so for those who don't
know, Dr. Knowit
is a actual uh a doctor uh of in uh
education. He is a professor. He is he
owns a software company. um he follows
these things as closely as anyone and uh
he's been to a lot of these events. He's
been in a lot of these uh autonomous
vehicles and has had an opportunity to
study them in ways the vast majority of
the population has not. So, uh with that
in mind, let's talk about robo taxi a
little bit because I got a couple of
questions for you and we're going to
have a second video coming out in a day
or few uh where we're going to talk
about robotics. there will be some
overlap in philosophical questions uh
because I've got some of those. So the
first question is uh 77 we heard from
Lars himself in the uh interview with uh
Jeff Lutz and Herbert Hong that there
was going to be something big. What was
it? Well, you know to be fair I went
back and listened to the original. He
said something cool. He didn't and then
all of a sudden it became like this big
giant thing. So I thought of course it
was going to be the Cybercap reveal. It
was not. It was the impact report. Yay.
Which, by the way, we just did a video
for my channel on some of the impact
stuff. So, it is it does have cool stuff
in it. Just I think a little bit of a
letdown when people thought they were
going to launch a mission to the moon or
something like that instead.
&gt;&gt; I'll tell you what I thought it was
going to be when I first heard is it's
going to be the Yel announcement and
maybe it was and it just came out on the
2nd instead of the 7th.
&gt;&gt; And that is possible too. Yeah. Uh, the
Y L I got a whole lot of grief for
predicting that would be coming to the
US a lot sooner than Elon said and I
even lost subscribers over because you
think you're smarter than Elon. I said,
"No, I just know what words mean and if
ever has the word if in it." And uh,
turns out that was the imperative word
in the in the sentence if not the
equation.
&gt;&gt; So yeah, the Yel I was off by two days.
I said it would be out in the first
half. So
&gt;&gt; yeah,
&gt;&gt; and we saw it in the first half, but you
know, missing by two days in Tesla world
is pretty good.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, that's like being two months
early. So
&gt;&gt; So I'm getting into the game, John. I'm
getting into the game. You know what? I
think I'll be a supplier. I'll be a
supplier. Now, what are uh like gas,
electric, uh is there a reason I need to
make my my robo taxi an electric car
instead of a gas car? So the interesting
thing is that pretty much all of them
are electric. So I think people have
just come to associate EVs with uh with
autonomous taxis. That was not
necessarily in the cards originally, but
there are huge advantages. I mean number
one is that you have a lot of compute
that has to be on board and so a bigger
battery is obviously a good thing.
Though you could run the car as a
generator. Uh you could have a hybrid
car or something like that. But I think
the biggest thing for a taxi and
something that Tesla talked about in
their impact report is that a car,
especially something like the Cyber Cap
that's designed from the ground up to be
a taxi, can do a 500,000 mile or half a
million mile stint in its lifetime. And
while you as a consumer, you're going to
be like, well, I'm never going to own my
car for 500,000 miles, right? It's just
that'd be crazy. For a taxi that's
driving, you know, 80, 90 hours a week,
it could easily do that. Um, so I think
that's um that that's a very important
point and also just it's just better for
the environment. I mean it's really it's
a nice thing not to have all the
pollutants coming out as because taxis
generally tend to drive in more um urban
this is not something that will be true
forever but right now they drive in
urban environments where there's a lot
of traffic and they don't tend to get
out on highways and drive you know 50
miles at 80 miles an hour. they tend to
be driving little stop start stop start
stop start start traffic in on surface
streets or crowded highways or something
like that for like an eight or 10 mile
drive. Uh and in that circumstance an
electric vehicle is hugely beneficial
because when it's not moving it's not
burning energy
&gt;&gt; ideally although we don't know how much
compute power is required to keep Whimos
on the road it appears to be
substantial. Right. So, uh, it is
important. I agree that they be electric
or hybrid because you do need that
battery. If you're trying if you're if
I'm selling you a gas car, you're going
to need to change out the alternator and
the and the battery. I mean, you're
going to need juice, and that's not
something you want to draw on from a gas
car. Okay. So, I need to sell you an EV.
Uh, let's say I can maybe get you a good
deal on my cars. The best deal. The best
deal. I mean, if we go bare bones, do
you think I could get my cost to you at
tremendous volume, mind you, to 15,000,
maybe 17 or 18,000?
&gt;&gt; Well, what kind of car are we talking
about?
&gt;&gt; That's the thing is a Corolla could do
it, but a Corolla is not electric,
&gt;&gt; right?
&gt;&gt; So, the cheapest cars out Well, let's
You know what? Let's shift gears and go
to China. We're not talking a Woolling
Mini. That's not the right packaging.
But let's talk about there are good cars
under 20,000. So, let's say I'm starting
at we'll just say 18,000. It doesn't
cost 18,000 when it's exported. You've
got the shipping. You've got all the
logistics.
Realistically, even countries that don't
impose tariffs on Chinese cars, it's
still more than it's still about double.
If you look at like the the $7,000
dolphin when that gets to Brazil, it's
$18,000, but let's just say double. So
that 18 becomes 36. And on that 36, you
got to put the tariff,
&gt;&gt; right? Yeah.
&gt;&gt; So we're back to 70,000. We haven't done
the upfit yet.
&gt;&gt; Right. Right. So Oh, yeah. And there's
the upfit part of it.
&gt;&gt; You're just selling me the barebones
car. You're not selling me the the the
turnkey solution here.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. So tell me what makes CyberCab
different. Now, I know a lot of our
viewers probably know this, but someone
this might be someone's first
experience. What how on earth are you
making a car that's 25 30,000 when
everything else can't just can't,
&gt;&gt; right? Well, I think the big thing
number one, let's just take a look at
we'll just I want to take one step back
and look at the Model Y as a robo taxi
first, which it is. So that is the
standard consumer car with I believe a
Starlink Mini plugged into the back of
under the hood but not under the hood in
the back um uh screen. Yeah. So so but
aside from that it's just a root. It's
just a model
&gt;&gt; washers washer squirters.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. So I mean but again
&gt;&gt; very very similar minimal. So we're
talking about a car that's designed for
consumers which has to have performance.
Uh it has to have um the wheel. It has
to have the brakes and the accelerator.
It has to have a lot of things, a glove
box, uh, cup holders, um, more cup
holders than you would need, a frunk,
all of the things that you need as a
personal car that you don't need in a
taxi. So then when you look at a robo
taxi, when you when you start and oh,
and let's not forget five passenger
capacity. That is huge. When you start
from first principles and you say who
does most taxi rides? Well, it turns out
that I think 80% of taxi rides are one
or two people, right? So that means,
okay, so if we go for the four-fifth
solution here, we only need to design
this car to be for two people, then you
take out the steering wheel, then you
take out the brakes and the accelerator
pedals, then you take out all the
extraneous stuff that you don't need.
Yeah, you still do need a cup holder.
You still do need a charging pad, but
you don't need the little pockets on the
side because things will just get lost
there. You don't need a glove box. You
don't need a frunk. Um, you need exactly
the big enough trunk. And we asked about
this during autonomy day that you can
fit two full-sized suitcases and two
travelsized suitcases, which is
&gt;&gt; You mean we robot?
&gt;&gt; Uh, we robot, sorry, the Wii robot,
sorry, the thing that happened in
October of 2024. But anyway, but but
basically, it's designed to go to the
airport for two people with their
luggage. That's that's the design size.
That's the spec of the vehicle. So, when
you start building it from there, number
one, you can make it a heck of a lot
lighter. Number two, that means you have
a lot less need for batteries. Number
three, you have the virtuous cycle is
that every little bit lighter the car
is, the battery is also lighter. If the
battery is lighter, it can go further on
the same amount of charge, which means
you can make the battery lighter. So,
you can go a long ways on a relatively
small battery pack. And all of those
things compounded. Then, of course,
we've got plastic um injection molded
plastic for the frame instead of
aluminum or, you know, things like that.
Yeah. Yeah. So, it saves weight, it
saves paint, it saves expense on
building it, a lot of expense on not
having to paint something. So, when you
design this from the ground up to be a
taxi, then you can do things to make it
much, much cheaper than it would be if
you were building just taking a regular
car and fitting it out. So, I'm going to
give you a couple of other ones because
absolutely every element of this car.
Yeah, let's eliminate three mirrors.
Doesn't need them. Let's eliminate the
rear glass. Don't need it. Uh when you
eliminate those three mirrors, you're
like, "Yeah, but what's a mirror?" 40
bucks at at at the at the cost.
&gt;&gt; Yes. But now you've shortened the wiring
harness.
&gt;&gt; Yep.
&gt;&gt; There's no, you know,
&gt;&gt; 48 volts, too. Let's not forget about
that. So that
&gt;&gt; Oh, yes. Lighter still.
&gt;&gt; And there's no there's no controls for
those side mirrors. There's no heating.
There's no dimming. You are saving even
more. That means you can test and
validate the wiring even quicker. But
let's talk about the doors and the back
hatch. Those are actuated. There's two
reasons they're actuated, and only one
of them is so that you can close it if
they forget. The other reason is you no
longer have to build them slamproof.
&gt;&gt; Mhm. Because you have to make a door
slamroof. That is expensive to do. Not
because people are violent, but because
people love people just it's a habit.
People just do it. Trust me when I tell
you.
&gt;&gt; Or or you know, you have that classic
like you get in an argument with
somebody in the car and you get to
Walmart and then you just like bam and
you th you know. So it's not that you
would do it 100% of the time, but you
might do it once a month or something.
&gt;&gt; That rear hatch can be so much cheaper
because forget slamming, just normal
closing is pretty violent. That's gone.
That's done with every single element of
the car. The brakes, tires, and
suspension assume a very gentle
grandall-like drive. And I know that's
unfair because the grandmas who watch my
channel often drive like
&gt;&gt; Well, they do. Uh Karen Karen has torn
it up pretty substantially in Ohio. My
other uh my uh in Michigan, my other
friend Karen in Ohio, uh is uh I mean
has a plaid. I mean, that'll that right
there should tell you something. So
these are these are the best the best
grandmas.
&gt;&gt; So what we're dealing with is a car
that's been rethought from the ground
up.
&gt;&gt; But John then we So fine 25,000 I fine.
&gt;&gt; Right.
&gt;&gt; And the wheels and suspension don't have
to handle lateral loads. Great. Right.
&gt;&gt; But we still have to do the upfit,
right?
&gt;&gt; But no, that's the beauty of it.
&gt;&gt; But but wait, there's more. Yeah,
because
&gt;&gt; But wait, there's less.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, but wait. That's right. But wait,
there's less. That's what the new slogan
needs to be. The the the difference is
that that because it's built on
something that Tesla already knows what
they're doing. It's built on a camera
and a hardware system that Tesla already
has vetted in millions of cars that that
can just be put in there. You've got
relatively inexpensive cameras, um, nine
of them now, right? Because we've got
the front bumper camera. Um, and and
we've got the hardware for AI4 compute.
uh that's inside the vehicle as well.
All of which is known quantities for
Tesla. They got the supply chain.
They've got the logistics. None of this
stuff is expensive LAR. It's not easy to
break LAR that's like spinning all the
time. So it's like oh after I don't know
a thousand hours or something it has to
be replaced because it broke. So you
know so you've got you've got a very
robust system that doesn't need a lot of
maintenance but also is not expensive to
build. if you've ever had to have uh a
camera replaced. I had a viewer who uh
worked at Lucid and I've never had a
camera replaced uh but he said the
difference between Lucid's approach to
fixing the Fender camera is very
different than Tesla's. the Tesla, you
would you would go on the app, say
Fender Camera, and at least where he
lived, they uh they would just send out
a tech, and you get a notice saying, "By
the way, I'm at your car." And six
minutes later, you get a notice saying,
"Done."
&gt;&gt; And that's it. That's it. Because they
pop it out, they pop it back in, you go
for a drive, it reconfigures the
cameras, and you're done. This is that
all over again. Uh so that's great. But
what about the import tariffs, John?
Surely if it
&gt;&gt; that's the beauty of it, isn't it?
Because Tesla is the most Americanmade
car in the the the world. Um so yeah, in
America, which is the the craziest
secret that should not be a secret. If
they had a better marketing department,
that would be plastered all over
everything. And they have been trying to
their credit recently. I've seen that.
But you don't and and honestly, it's not
just the final assembly, which is what a
lot of companies talk about. It's like,
oh, we put all these parts from China
together here in America. No, no, no,
no, no. They're I mean they're they've
got a lithium refining factory. They've
right ground up chemicals that they're
going to use in the batteries. The 4680
batteries which are in the cyber cab are
made in America and
&gt;&gt; Yeah, but then they got to import the
batteries, right?
&gt;&gt; Uh well, no, that's what I'm saying.
It's like that stuff is all it's made in
America. So, yes, they still do have
some rare earth minerals and they have
some parts of it that they have to get
from other countries, but they're
working hard. uh especially given the
&gt;&gt; complexity of the current global
situation. Let's just put it that way
that they you know that yeah that
they're they're trying really hard to
get everything as
&gt;&gt; uh what's that it's called nearshore
near nearshore not onshore but nearshore
they like to have stuff close by where
they're with friendly countries well and
you want to domesticate as much of your
production as you can that's not
possible with all products and all you
know things I know there was a big uh
tariff situation a year and a half ago
where they put where the government put
massive tariffs on coffee uh unaware
that you cannot domesticate coffee
production.
&gt;&gt; I did wonder about that one. I was like,
you know, only Hawaii and maybe a little
tiny part of Florida, but I think it's
pretty much Hawaii is the only place.
&gt;&gt; I mean, are we going to grow it in
Puerto Rico? I don't think that's going
to work. Certainly couldn't supply
enough. Uh but as much as possible, you
can diversify
nearshore and domesticate the
production. So, that makes all of this
cheaper. Now, I've got my big
philosophical question, but I did want
to before that say that uh guys, there
is a uh another video with John coming
up where we're going to be talking about
optimists and the philosophical
implications of that. So, John, the
biggest job, the number one job by by by
headcount in the US is driver. And we're
working hard to get rid of those both
with robo taxis, with more autonomous
trucking, and just for ourselves. Think
of all the chauffeers that you and I
will have to fire who we both personally
employ full-time uh to drive our man
drive around our
&gt;&gt; chiefs is going to be very upset.
&gt;&gt; So silly. That's still a thing for some
of you.
&gt;&gt; Oh, yeah. Yeah. Uh, but what is the
economic implication of removing this
many drivers from business? Because I've
had guests on the show who say, "Well,
they'll just go out and buy a robo tax
year or two for themselves." And I go,
"Well, if they buy two, they just put
four of their co-workers out of work."
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; And the reality is, I think people will
not buy two. I think people who can buy
two will buy 10. And then now we're out
20 20 30 jobs. So what is the social
implication?
&gt;&gt; Oh, it's difficult because there is a
lot. I think the number one thing and
this was a mistake that I made years ago
was assuming this was going to happen
very rapidly. I think it will not. Uh
especially we talked on my channel about
trucking. Trucking is a complicated
issue. It's going to take a long time to
have just think about how far it's been
almost a decade since Tesla started the
journey towards full self-driving in a
car and we still we just within the last
year have robo taxis at all. Uh so we're
just barely getting there. So if you
think about the semi-truck which is a it
won't take as long but much more
complicated. It's going to take a while.
So, and maybe for legal reasons, just
like in an airplane or something, even
if the AI can drive completely, for
commercial reason or for liability
reasons, a human's going to have to be
in the in the truck. So, I think for
semis, it's going to take a long time.
For the likes of Uber and taxis, that
could be disrupted much more quickly.
And that uh you know unfortunately is
kind of a gig economy and it's the
people who are working in those jobs are
not as protected as some folks might
like. Um and so they they definitely
could be disrupted. If at all possible,
I would hope that what they could do
would be to purchase a a robo taxi,
cyber cab um with the money that they
have and then begin to build a fleet so
that they can effectively become part of
the creation of the uh new economy.
&gt;&gt; My concern is it'll work for some, but
it won't work for everyone. It's like uh
I have a guest a guest a regular guest
on the show who said people shouldn't
complain about being broke, they should
just move to Missouri where the cost of
living is lower. I said, 'Great, that
works for like six people. And then
those six jobs that were available are
now gone, right?
&gt;&gt; And then and then it doesn't work. And
if everyone broke does it, Missouri is
now the most expensive state.
&gt;&gt; So that's that's a solution. Was like,
well then they should get a promotion,
right? But someone still has the other
job that they just vacated,
&gt;&gt; right?
&gt;&gt; So well, you can become a manager at
McDonald's, right? But the 20 people
they manage can't pay rent. So we
haven't fixed the problem. We fix it for
one person. Yeah. Yeah.
&gt;&gt; I don't know the solution. I agree with
you on semi. Semi I think will be a
transition slow enough that it could be
equal to replacement that it is already
very difficult to recruit people into
the time and effort uh it takes to train
for that profession and that profession
doesn't pay as much as it used to. It
used to pay a better wage.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. I I I actually have a relative who
has been doing trucking. does anything
from six to seven hour trips to
relatively more local ones and you know
he he struggles. It's it's a difficult
job. So it it's unfortunately even today
it's difficult to recruit because of
course people are like well that's
that's a kind of a sucky job because
you're sitting all day long just like we
are right now. But anyway, you know
you're sitting all day long but you have
a huge amount of responsibility and you
don't get paid as well as one would hope
to do that job. All true. And the
reality is shipping companies have
managed to figure out a way to gify
paying them less uh where where they are
basically bidding against each other on
jobs to find out who's the most
desperate. And it's unfortunate, but
it's not illegal. And they have no power
to stand up to it. Uh and the whole
profession is going to be gone at some
point. Maybe not in the next 10 or 20
years but at some point. So we will uh
be discussing the politics and
philosophy I guess not politics but the
philosophy of uh humanoid robots in the
next uh video in which you see uh my
good buddy uh Dr. Knowit all here. And
uh so guys what did we miss? What do we
misunderstand? Leave it in them comments
below. And everybody else like
subscribe. Head over to John's channel
and subscribe. We are so close to
100,000. I of course forgot to show the
thing, but I'll show it now. It's up on
on screen now, but head over to his
channel because he's so close to
100,000. He can taste it. Uh, which is
weird. I'll have to have him describe
for me.
&gt;&gt; Does it taste like copper? Does it taste
like a penny? Uh-oh.
&gt;&gt; Burnt toast. John, get that checked.
Everyone else, stay tuned. Stay juicy.
And I can't wait to hear from you clever
robots when you do not have a stroke.