Channel:     futureaza
Title:       Tesla Getting Love by US AND EU Gov'ts?!? Tesla Beat Podcast w/ special guest Randy Kirk
URL:         https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EyDItj7JeAM
Published:   2026-06-19 14:37 UTC
Fetched:     2026-06-20 09:00 UTC

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

What's up everyone? It is the Tesla Beat
148.
Can't believe uh you know um all the
stuff been going on. Sorry for the lack
of coverage. Um we had Muskegan event
going on, summer meetup, and then the
Tesla Takeover Europe. Um and then
obviously last Friday I spent some time
out in Austin with the Boring Company.
Video to come in the coming weeks on
that. spent over five hours with Steve
and the whole team. Um, so kind of had a
couple of good reasons, but sorry again.
I know consistency is everything. Um,
but with that said, um,
uh, Brian and Joe, how are you guys
doing?
&gt;&gt; I'm doing good. I don't want to speak
for Joe, but you know, it's been an
exciting few weeks since last we had
our, uh, Friday, uh, chitty chat. Uh, so
things are going really well.
&gt;&gt; How's the summon king? You know, I don't
know anything that's happened lately. I
think we're good. This is probably going
to be one of the worst shows things
happened.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, you should leave right now. Um,
with that said, before we have a special
guest, uh, first time on the show, but
before we do that, quick shout out to
Insta 360. Uh, they have the link to
see, and actually, I think they just
dropped the Luna as well. Actually, you
need to check that out. Um, Brian,
because I know you are a huge fan of the
Osmo, but either way, um, quick shout
out to them. Thank you for the amazing,
uh, Link 2C cameras. They are amazing
portable cameras that shoot in high
quality and can, uh, take care of you
wherever you go. Um, but with that said,
uh, Randy, how's it going, buddy?
&gt;&gt; I'm good. And how are you guys?
&gt;&gt; Doing good. Thanks for, uh, jumping on
last minute. I'm glad we could finally
connect. I mean, I see you on, you know,
a lot of amazing shows and glad you
could join this one.
&gt;&gt; I'm uh always uh excited to contribute
any way I can to the community. It's
been a great great year and looking
forward to so much more.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, exactly. And that's the thing, so
much more. So, um shout out to Grock
SpaceX. Obviously, that is the big
story. I thought I would add in the
stock on both companies now. Um Tesla's
uh softened a little bit, but I think
it's partially just the market just
given Fed rates and jobs and all that
stuff. Uh but man, what a crazy week for
SpaceX, which we're going to get into. I
think it shot up to I don't know what
the all-time high was, but you know,
200, 210, something crazy like that. I
think it was up 60% from IPO day, which
is just crazy. It launched at 135.
Thankfully, I was able to get some at
the stock uh or the initial IPO price um
but also bought um on its way up as
well. So, um but with that said, um yes,
Tesla sitting at 400 and SpaceX sitting
at 185 today. So, um but yeah, let's
let's jump into it. I think you know um
I think you know I don't I don't want to
spend um so much
He got frozen.
So, I I think he doesn't want to spend a
lot of time talking about the the whole
trillionaire thing or
&gt;&gt; officially.
&gt;&gt; You froze.
&gt;&gt; Now he's back.
&gt;&gt; Sorry about that. All right. Did I
freeze? My bad.
&gt;&gt; What happened, John? Was that uh Elon
stole your internets?
&gt;&gt; Yeah, exactly. Um, but with that said,
uh, what are what have your guys'
perspective been on the IPO and
everything that's happened over the past
week? Would love to to pass it to to the
panel for this.
&gt;&gt; I think it's been pretty awesome. I I
think uh, as we've seen with a lot of
things that Elon touches, he just has
the mightest touch. The good thing about
SpaceX IPOing was the fact that you've
been able to see for years how well the
company is doing. You know what I mean?
And people people kind of wanted wanted
this. Anyway, it's going to be
interesting because now you have to do
the the earnings calls. You have to tell
more about what you're doing on the
daily. And I don't know if the public is
really ready for a company that is not
as profitable as as it is successful.
So, it's going to be very interesting to
see what happens.
&gt;&gt; That is actually a great perspective
because it's not profitable. Oh my gosh,
you guys. What a scam. this whole thing,
it I just can't believe that anyone
would believe in it. Why I won't buy a
stock unless the price to earnings ratio
is uh some crazy low number and it pays
dividends. Uh look, if you're waiting
for the perfect price to earnings ratio,
the best time to buy Tesla is never. You
would have missed all the boats and
there were quite a few. You've got to
look at the future. That's the whole
point of investing is not looking in the
rearview mirror to drive forward. You
got to look into the future. Can you see
what Starlink is doing? Look at just at
launch ca capability. I've seen cynics
saying, "Well, Tesla, SpaceX doesn't
actually do anything. If they were gone
tomorrow, no one would notice." 12
million people would lose their
internet. That's kind of a big start.
And 12 million is just the start. This
could be even without uh Starship uh you
deploying V2s. This could be the biggest
ISP in the world. Larger than the two
biggest which are both in China and both
have over 300 million subscribers.
That's money. That's pure money. And
then you look at the payload delivery.
90 what 7 98% of all payload to orbit
last year was SpaceX because it's the
best price. Well, if the government uh
subsidies dry up, it is not a subsidy
when you are paid for a contract to
deliver a service at the lowest price in
the market. And it's not just the
cheapest, which it is. It's also the
most reliable. There's never been a
rocket more reliable than Falcon 9 Block
5, period. Hands down. Uh we're talking
not just hundreds and hundred, not just,
you know, five, six, 700 missions. We're
talking about one failure in that time
and it was a partial failure. We're
talking about uh this is the cheapest.
You would pay more for that kind of
reliability and you don't have to. So if
SpaceX was gone, that means the
government would have to spend
significantly more money to deliver less
payload to orbit. And that's before we
get into the nextG stuff. That's before
we start talking about the the AI side
or a constellation compute. There's just
a lot going on. That's before we talk
about Terraab. So, uh, if you don't see
it, I have a perfect solution. Don't buy
the stock.
&gt;&gt; So, um, one of the things that I like to
do on all of these is to make sure that
I'm taking a solid look at the future
and what the real numbers come down to.
But usually I'm beat to the punch by
Brian Wong, which was the case in
SpaceX. And in fact, I think he probably
beat the entire world in into the very
first valuations in terms of project
projecting the future. Now, this started
out before the Google um announcement
and the anthropic announcement that they
were going to rent out these data
centers. That kind of changed
everything. So about two weeks ago,
right after that happened, Brian comes
out and says, "Look, this they're going
to be at 40 billion in sales this year
and a huge huge profit because all of
that rent that 20 well it'll be about 12
14 billion in rent this year. All of
that's going to drop to the bottom line
because it was all the costs were
already figured into the P&amp;L." So then
he says, "What about next year?" Oh, I
think it'll be 80 billion next. Not I
not just I think it'll be 80 billion but
if the rentals continue and if we just
continue this cadence plus a little bit
for starship
I'm sorry for Starlink uh we're going to
get to 80 billion next year in revenues
probably something on the order of 35
billion in profits. Well all of a sudden
that's more profit than Tesla that's
more profit than lots and lots and lots
of companies. So the valuation which
started out everybody talking about 95
time sales and no earnings uh all of a
sudden we're talking about 40 time sales
and lots of earnings.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. I think um you know this is an
opportunity to buy into a company where
you know they are obviously so much more
but it goes back to Amazon being a
bookstore, Apple being a phone company,
uh Tesla being a car company and
obviously I'm bummed that you know I got
in you know now which like most people
right um who who got in versus being
able to invest years back. Um but yeah I
mean you're you're looking at and and
Randy you brought up an interesting
point because now they're renting out
data centers here on Earth, right? So
now they're already building that muscle
memory because the whole plan for them
is AI data centers. So they're already
built they already have a proven concept
of like let's build the biggest uh GPU
farm on the planet. Uh they already have
uh what is it Colossus 2 coming I mean
in Mississippi. I mean they um uh they
they they are already thinking of like
this is where the money is at. Let's
just rent space as well along with build
the the largest GPU for Grock so that it
can catch up. Um because they are
playing catchup. Um and you know this is
just setting up the business model for
when it'll be in space. And again, you
just dropped a lot of facts, Randy, too,
about just where that 100 um you know,
PE as well just goes to 40 in in a
couple of years. Um so it's um yeah,
it's pretty pretty wild. Um I' I've been
pretty excited. I just like I said, I I
I didn't I'm not one of the OGs who got
into Tesla back when it was and
obviously
&gt;&gt; Sorry. Well, no, I was saying
&gt;&gt; he's saying a comparison.
&gt;&gt; Oh, I Oh.
Yeah, it's just
&gt;&gt; but now he's early in on space
&gt;&gt; because I think if you invested I think
2,600 bucks on IPO it would be worth
like a million today. Um but all I'm
trying to say is is that one thing I
know that Elon knows how to do is he
knows how to win. He knows how to
recruit the best talent in the world,
build the best products, and as uh Mr.
Wonderful says, he's 100% signal and 0%
noise. he knows how to focus literally
on the most important things. Um, and so
even as he was like, "Hey, let me buy
let me start XAI. Let me," you know,
because obviously, uh, he tried to start
a nonprofit to do all that. Um, and as
he transitioned, he's like, "What are
the what's the shovel? What is going to
be the foundation?" He's like, "I need
to build the biggest GPU cluster that's
ever been seen." And now he's renting it
out for billions a month to some of
these other companies. and and then also
he's launching the biggest partnerships
with Intel and Samsung, you know, doing
the Terrafab. So, it's just a really
exciting time. Um, and I think that like
I said, this is an opportunity to get
into something that could be worth a lot
more um a lot lot more in the future.
Obviously, I don't have a crystal ball,
but at$1.5 to2 trillion dollars, you
know, again, when you think of this
stuff longterm,
uh really, you know, they're going to be
owning 90% of the payload going up into
space, the only one running regular
reusable rockets. I know Blue Origin, um
has landed, I think, one or two now.
&gt;&gt; One,
&gt;&gt; um one. And so it's just it's just one
of those things where this company is on
a trajectory to build an infrastructure
that is no one can compete. Um and again
this probably wasn't their intention
initially when they were sending up
these you know building reusable rockets
right it was to get to Mars and then uh
and then now the moon because of the
whole movement with the the
administration
and and now it's you know they're
providing uh an affordable reliable
digital service or internet service to
the whole world. Um obviously it sounds
like there's some stuff going on in
Europe but yeah it's it's for me I'm
bought into Elon. I'm bought into the
stuff he because of what he does and
what he brings. And again, it's just one
of those things where, you know, uh he
has built such a huge ecosystem, not
only in the amount of employees, because
I think between his two companies,
again, just Tesla and SpaceX, you're
talking what, 160,000 jobs, maybe maybe
more, maybe less, and then you have to
multiply that number by five or six just
to get the amount of supply chain um
jobs that are being provided. So you're
talking easily what a million plus jobs
being created by this one person. And I
think that's probably like the most
annoying thing. And again, we don't have
to go too deep on this, but you know,
people just saying, you know, like no
one should have this amount of money.
And it's like there's a couple things,
right? It's like Elon doesn't have all
this money just sitting on his bank.
He's probably one of the few
trillionaires. Well, there's only one.
There's one of the few before that, the
few billionaires that actually has the
amount of cash. I think it was like
2%.5% of like his net worth is actually
in his account because all of this money
is now in uh the companies that he owns.
42 44% in SpaceX and now I think based
on uh the 2018 comp plan he has uh he
owns 20% of Tesla now. Um and so it's
just again in my mind he's created so
much value and he's going to continue to
do so much more for the US economy for
innovation you know helping uh the US
continue to become a hub a technology
hub and production hub in the world when
you know China's outpacing us in so many
areas. So yeah that's just my thought
but Brian did you want to say something?
Well, you know, if uh you believe in
your company, keep your money in your
company. If you see someone like Mary or
Mary Bar, the real leader or Jim Far,
they love to sell their shares. Mary
famously sells them about as quickly as
she gets them because it's clear she
does not have a long-term vision for GM.
If Bill Gates had not divested from
Microsoft, he would also be a
trillionaire. But he didn't have the
confidence, the vision, and I don't
blame him. I saw how he ran the place.
You said Elon knows how to recruit the
best people. Uh well, so does Mark
Zuckerberg.
Meta just dumps piles of cash on them,
but what they don't do is allow them to
rise to their natural levels of talent.
What they do is they hire someone who's
brilliant and then they put them in a
little box. Uh and I don't know if
that's necessarily true of Meta
specifically, but I know of a lot of big
companies that do that. All the
automotive companies do that. they find
this brilliant engineer out of college
and say, "Guess what? You're working on
this valve." And they're like, "The
valve? The valve? That's insane. I don't
want to do that." Uh, so when you look
at SpaceX and Ry's looked at the numbers
enough he can confirm this is true. The
reason they're not making money isn't
because they're not profitable at what
they do. It's because they're trying to
do things that have never been done. If
they just stayed in their lane, if they
were just a launch provider, they'd be
insanely profitable. uh and uh one 120th
the size they are today. Maybe a hundred
billion dollar uh company certainly not
worth trillions. So that means uh if
you're going to be this kind of company,
you wouldn't need to go public. You
wouldn't need to raise $85 billion to
grow into the next phase of the company.
And uh and the haters don't get it. They
can't get it. And again, buying the
stock is optional. If it's not for you,
don't do it. But pipe down and let the
grown-ups talk.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, that I I think that's probably the
biggest thing at this point is, you
know, Elon has created what I think
between the two companies at $1.3
trillion in value, the amount of uh
people who are now millionaires. You're
talking tens of thousands of people are
now millionaires because of the work
he's done. And so I think it's exactly
as you said, right? If you don't like
the stock, don't buy it. Everyone who
owns uh the S&amp;P is going to, you know,
or owns some 401k or something like that
will will have to own part of SpaceX and
Tesla at this point. But you're talking
two out of the top 10 Fortune 500
companies or really market caps um at
least on the US stock exchange are
literally, you know, companies he
created. So I think he knows a thing or
two. Um, but yeah, I know Ren, did you
do you have anything else you want to
say?
&gt;&gt; Yeah, I was going to I thought we could
maybe slip back just one because Brian
was talking about it again. Slip back
just a little bit to the valuation.
&gt;&gt; I was doing some work this morning. In
fact, the show will be out about 11:30
this morning where I talk about this in
more detail. And that is everybody's
very very excited about data centers in
space. And everybody that knows me knows
I'm the optimist of the year and I'm
always expecting Elon to deliver it
early. Uh so there's al a lot of
disappointment in my life. But any but
in any case, everybody's talking about
data centers in space. I honestly think
we are probably 2031
before there's significant revenue from
data centers in space. Elon would like
to say it's 2029 and maybe he'll be
right, but I think uh realistically we
might be looking at 2031. So that's a
long that's a long road out there. Plus
there's a lot of uncertainty and all
that. Again, I go into more detail on
the show. the uncertainties. You know,
you can imagine what some of them are
like. Oh, we haven't had an actual
orbital trip by Starship yet. We haven't
landed the ship yet, etc., etc. There's
a lot of lot of lot of unknowns. But the
key is right now, and what I really
believe everybody should be zeroing in
on if they're trying to make decision
about whether to get involved is the
data centers, the terrestrial data
centers. And I'm this is rumors and
speculation, but two people that I trust
a lot. Brian Wong says he thinks that
data I'm sorry, the macro hard the macro
hard building will be another data
center and that they're probably
building that out right now. CERN Basher
in a show that just came out on my on my
channel earlier today uh it's out right
now. Um he sir Basher says I've got the
fourth location and I even know where
the uh I even know where the energy
supply is going to come from uh the
turbines. So um I think what's going to
happen right now is I think Elon is
going to build maybe two new data
centers in 2027,
maybe another two or three in 2028. If
you listen to the All-In podcast guy,
actually no, I'm sorry. It was the
moonshot guys yesterday. They were
saying, "Why wouldn't he just build
terrestrial data centers as fast as he
possibly can? He has a complete moat
around the capability in terms of the
how fast he can build a factory. how or
find a factory, find an existing
building, how fast he can bring chips up
to speed and light them up, and how he's
able to find transformers,
energy supplies, everything that he
needs. And the rest of these guys, it
takes him three years, four years to get
a data center up, and Elon gets them up
in a year or less. So, that alone could
turn into billions and billions and
billions of dollars, hundreds of billion
dollars in revenue. uh as well as in
profits in the very near term before we
actually start seeing that revenue from
data centers and space.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. No, that that's that's a good
point. Why would you say um because I
think when and and maybe this is
something you know about, but like I
think so what is it about um the AI data
centers that make you know uh SpaceX so
special? Maybe that's a dumb question,
but for people that just, you know,
don't know, what is why why should that
kind of be the focal point of when
either you see the valuation or just the
future of this company?
&gt;&gt; Again, I think it's the it's the reality
of how fast that he can get them up.
That's what that's what I'm seeing. So,
you know, the chips are coming from the
same place everybody gets their chips
from, from Nvidia, maybe some from
Samsung and others, and maybe eventually
we'll be doing our own chips again. um
at Tesla and then the Terrafab
eventually we will have the you know the
the the base raw material chips um and
all of that's in the future and all of
it's uncertain and we don't know exactly
when take a look at uh uh 4680 cells. If
you want to get an idea of how long
something that difficult might take. So
you so but the the known thing the clear
known thing is that Jensen Wang is going
to give those chips to Elon Musk first
because he wants those chips lit up. He
doesn't want them sitting in a
warehouse. He doesn't want them sitting
someplace where they're not bringing
value. So the the word of the street is
that Elon has already placed an order
for 22%
of all of Nvidia's capability. So
my god
&gt;&gt; that is according that is according to
moonshots that's according to Peter the
Amandas is he's ordered 22%
of all the all the capabilities. So if
you say it's 22 22% of what Nvidia is
putting out, you can imagine what that
turns into in terms of the number of
tokens and the total dollars potentially
coming in.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. No, that makes um absolute sense.
I mean, and that's partially why I mean
22% I guess seems like a lot, which it
is. Um, but if you think about it, if
Elon is going to start the Terapab,
where they're going to start their own
ship manufacturing, it goes back to they
can't make uh not enough.
&gt;&gt; There's not enough. Yeah,
&gt;&gt; there's not enough.
&gt;&gt; And so 22% seems like a large number
just because of what you think of when
you think of Nvidia's output and their
revenue and all of that stuff, but the
reality is uh you know, he's putting um
money with where his mouth is, right?
So, um, but yeah, it's yeah, that's
that's staggering if it's um if it's
true just because again it's but it
makes sense, right? I mean that's like
you see it now. I mean again they built
the world's largest GPU cluster and I
mean I c like can you imagine they're
literally renting some of their storage
for a billion a month with anthropic. I
mean that was just like a complete
sleeper. But
&gt;&gt; well another way to look at it is you
know I' I've owned a number of
businesses. uh I was a manufacturer for
30 years. If you gave me a product and
said if you gave me a product idea and
you said I can you can uh invest take a
take a very small number in my case you
can invest a million dollars in this
product and you're going to pay for it
in the first year.
I'm like what do you sign me up and how
many can I how many more of those
projects can I buy? So what's happening
right now is if Elon can put up a data
center, the amount of rent he can get
for that data center pays for itself in
one year and after that it's practically
pure profit. So why my my question is
why wouldn't he be doing this as fast as
he possibly can?
Yeah, 100%.
All right, guys. So, as we know, no one
man should have this much money. Um, but
yeah, Elon's the first world's
trillionaire. Um, no surprise there. I
think we had been projecting that for a
long time now, ever since he was getting
past what is it like 4 500 billion. It
was just a matter of time. Um but yeah,
he uh he got that record. But again, I
think no one more uh deserving of this
and in my opinion, you know, well
authored to really just, you know, lead
uh in innovation here here in the US.
All right, Joe. Um to you, man.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, it's a kind of a
it's a bad week to be an Elon hater. Uh
so uh FSD got updated and uh summon
happened for the Cybert truck. It's
amazing.
It's so awesome. But uh there's a lot of
cyber surfer cyber surfing happening.
Pretty awesome. The you got Wes in the
back of his Cybert truck. I know you've
done a few videos. I've I've done a I've
done a couple. And
I mean this just watching uh Elon and
his companies be able to pivot to do
these things because when Tesla started
they it wasn't about you know
self-driving and none of that. It was
just about electric vehicles and now you
see this and the same thing's happening
with SpaceX, right? It was just going to
let's get these rockets up and then it
became satellites and now it's data
centers. like you just the ability for
for him to pivot and to pivot the
companies is like it there there needs
to be a case study on that. Like that's
it's just insane to watch him just
evolve and it's it's pretty wild. But um
but yeah, no summon for the Cybertruck
uh and there was a video yesterday for
FSD got released in Australia and it's
crushing it on the opposite side of the
street. It's it's doing amazing. Pretty
&gt;&gt; on the wrong side of the street and
upside down. That's what's impressive.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Upside down. Crazy.
&gt;&gt; And backwards.
&gt;&gt; And and backwards. Um yeah. Like so the
Cybertruck was released I believe it was
um November of what is it? Uh 2023.
&gt;&gt; 23.
&gt;&gt; And and then I think they started
deliveries to non it was all employees
for the first couple of months. And then
uh as soon as January hit, that's when
you started to see it. So I got number
1387. And the two biggest things, you
know, when it was launched, right, FSD
wasn't ready. It didn't come until
September of that year.
And then now we're finally getting
actual Smart Summon. And it's I I like I
said, I think what makes this so unique
than any other, you know, car um that
has actual Smart Summon or Tesla that
has it is just it's obviously the the
truck is such a polarizing look, right?
And people either love it or hate it and
um even even if people don't like it,
they love the driving experience. But
with that said, to see something so big
like a truck literally driving itself
through a parking lot. I've been using
it as a chariot just literally sitting
on top of my tent. Um, you know, driving
to like you can drive through a whole
parking lot. I mean, and you just it's a
remote control car. Um, and I don't
know, it's just super super cool. So,
this is like I think such a huge moment
I think for Cybertruck owners for um
because I think if they can do something
this big that really just showcases, you
know, what they're able to handle as far
as like really any vehicle size could
now really drive autonomously. I mean,
obviously the next one will probably be
the semi and then if they release like a
familyized vehicle, which who knows if
they'll do that. Uh, but with that said,
you know, I was uh I mean I didn't even
think of this use case to be honest like
until Wes started doing it and then I
think Viv did it as well. You know, she
was at Costco or something. I don't
know. But they were literally using it
as chariot. I was like, man, there's so
many ideas.
Um, and now, um, you know, shout out to
the people that have tents on their car
because they can use like a chariot like
myself. Um, they can literally sit on
it. Otherwise, you know, you'll have to
pull up the tunnel cover and just sit in
the back. But um yeah, huge update for
Cybertruck owners. I mean, this is
probably like the biggest update that
we've been waiting for outside of maybe
FSD being rolled out. But with V14 that
rolled out for the Cybertruck and and
now you have actual smart summon,
really it's complete now. Um it's it's
the Cybertruck is just a complete
masterpiece at at this point, right?
There's nothing.
&gt;&gt; Not yet.
&gt;&gt; Not yet. I'm just saying
&gt;&gt; because because I I left my glasses in
my truck and I summoned my truck to me,
but then I had to get in it in the FSE
back to the parking spot. We need
vanish.
&gt;&gt; Enjoy enjoy ask for a couple of days
before you start asking for a bunch more
things, man.
&gt;&gt; One more thing.
&gt;&gt; Um but but yeah, you know, like I said,
you know, so shout out to all the people
who have a Cybertruck. I'm really
excited for the $60,000 car that's
rolling out. I've been seeing uh some of
the creators like Josh and and um
Bearded Tesla make some videos and you
know I'm so excited to see more people
have this truck and with actual smart
summon I feel like like I said there's a
lot more capabilities coming like
preference uh parking and remembering
the history of like how you you um you
park where you park and all that stuff.
That stuff is coming in two weeks. But
uh with that said, this was uh a huge
huge huge moment.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. I I'm uh um
my biggest thing my you you had your ask
which is banish. My biggest ask is more
and more Grock. So it's great that we
can have a conversation and ask them you
know what what time it is or what's the
best pizza place in town. That's
phenomenal. It's now they're adding in
this concept of be where Grock is going
to become more and more proactive. Oh,
we're coming up to your parking area. Do
you want to park in the street or in the
garage? Uh, you know, this is this is
great. Um, the more of that that we get
because I'm always, you know, I'm a
marketer. I'm always thinking about I'm
always thinking about how's this thing
going to retail and uh what what Elon
has always believed in is is word of
mouth. And so I'm always looking for the
next time that it's going to be fun to
show off my car again. So fun would be,
oh, look at all these things that Grock
can do. You know, I can have an
interactive conversation with him. Uh
fun would be, oh, it's unsupervised
entirely. We can sit in the back seat
and drive this thing. So there's a these
kind of catalysts that may still be
coming this year uh that will make
another reason to say, "Hey, George,
let's go out. You got to check out
what's happening with my car now." And
the guy, you know, at the end of the
conversation, at the end of the ride
goes, "I need me one of those." The two
big things I want to see Grock do, and
these are not crazy. I understand why
they're rolling Grock out slowly. There
was that situation in China where a
driver said in a non-Tesla to their AI,
"Hey, could you turn off the um the
lights?" And on the highway it turned
off the headlights at night. Uh and I
don't recall, but I'm pretty sure he
crashed because that's just that's just
terrible. You got to you got to be you
got to be smarter than the human. Uh but
what I'd like to see is uh using Grock
to determine my playlist. I want just uh
covers of Beatles songs. I don't know. I
want just this particular artist's
discoraphy in order because, you know,
on Spotify, on YouTube Music, it doesn't
say the year of the album. For crying
out loud, I'm not familiar with this
artist. Put them in order. Curated
playlist with intelligence. But I want
to be able to tell Grock, uh, no, no.
Um, actually, park a little farther out
just because I'm afraid of door dings.
Got it. Hey, last time you said to park
in the shade. I see a shaded spot. You
want that? This is all coming. And I
don't have to buy a new car to get it. I
don't have to buy the allnew 2028 Honda
Accord just to get access to these
features that would run just fine on
today's car. This is exciting.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, that's what I was going to say.
the the ability to like John was saying
to have a buy a vehicle that can do one
thing and then like we're what like two
years in and and now I can do all these
other things and and it's just uh it's
the same vehicle but just better and it
just got better over time and yeah I
mean that's a good point Brian. It's
just
yeah it just keeps getting better.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. No. Um, and also too, uh, Brian,
we need to use your voice for Grock. No,
I'm shruging. It needs to be one of the
voices.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; Um, but, uh, yeah, I I think like I
think Randy, you brought up a good
point, too. Um, you know, well, at least
for Cybert trucks owners right now,
obviously, actual Smart Summit is like
the big thing because it's just like,
like I said, it's such a polarizing
thing. And just to be able to see this
like I I I had to turn off the auto uh
windows up on my Cybert truck just so
that I could leave them down so that
people can see that this thing is you
know this behemoth of a vehicle is
driving through the parking lot without
anybody in it. Um but yeah the the next
integration and I think again Elon
commented the other day about it. Um you
know people were like oh I want to be
able to tell the car to go left instead
of right. He said, "I think a lot of
that stuff is coming," which makes
sense, but there will be those safety
parameters that they will have to work
where, hey, turn off the headlights when
you're going, you know, 60 mi down the
highway. How do you make sure that
that's not that doesn't do something
stupid or there's a glitch? Because
again, as soon as something crazy like
that happens, there's just a lot of
safety concerns there. But, uh, the Gro
integration, like I said, I I still
think it's awesome. Uh, I mean the light
version that they have today. Um, I love
the way points uh, being able to do that
especially with Grock um, and having
that integration. But yeah, once they
once they have that integrated through
the whole vehicle like, hey, turn on
YouTube back, you know, EY stream for my
kids in the back, you know, once they do
that, that is going to be I mean, in in
a lot of ways, this is what Apple should
have been doing 10 years ago. Siri
hasn't gotten better. Sorry, don't mean
to diss Apple out there. Um, but you
know, it's crazy that Tesla can now is
doing that potentially on a car when
it's like the phone where they've sold
billions of these phones and they're
still it's still not integrated. And so,
um, but either way, uh, looking forward
to having this on, you know, looking
forward to h seeing Teslas get that
update where, yeah, the whole thing is
just a seamless, um, experience with
with Grock.
We have a of course uh one of our
favorite times of the year is always the
beginning of the fourth for the next
quarter where on July 2nd we'll get the
numbers. Um and I think this time we're
going to have a surprise on the upside
which should be really really good for
the stock. Maybe there'll be some FOMO
going into July 2nd, but I've been uh
looking at the numbers and I think
there's a good chance that we get close
to or over 500,000. Had a long
conversation with Grock about that.
Grock says the maximum that Grock could
see would be 575,000.
That would be full out everything
executing perfectly, but more likely in
the range of 475 to 525. And uh then
there's the what do you call it? the um
uh the energy deployments. This is going
to be the bigger shock again. May not
have the same impact on Wall Street, but
it is we came in at 8.8 last time, but
we're making 17 gigawatts per quarter.
So, when we came in at 8.8, that means
the lumpiness was really, really big
this time. And so there's another eight
out there that didn't get deployed or
didn't didn't qualify for the bookkeep
putting it on the books. So we could be
looking again according to Grock we
could be looking at 17 which would just
be a normal one month manufacturing
capability shipped uh you know in that
in that particular quarter or you could
add the eight from last quarter if we
get lumpy the other way and you could be
looking at you know 25 or something like
that. So, anything between I would say
14 and 25 is going to be a huge shock uh
to the market and could I think again if
people depending on how much attention
they pay to that energy number that
could really uh hit the stock. One last
thing that's going to hit the stock that
nobody's talking about and that is maybe
$2 billion
in um profits from the SpaceX stock that
Tesla owns. So that'll be about 75 cents
a share all by itself.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. And who knows do do we know
offhand what the valuation was at that
point when they bought it?
&gt;&gt; Two bill. Well, you mean what what the
cost? Well, it's $2 billion. I don't
know.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. I just wasn't sure what the value
like how much are they up on that?
obviously a lot, but like it's just more
of um wasn't sure if that they had even
publicly disclosed that
&gt;&gt; there was well they haven't publicly
disclosed it but I I think I was the
first in the world to put out the an
initial statement on that. I mean really
in the world I hadn't seen anybody else
talk about it. I'm like wait a minute
we're going to make all it's going to
have to be mark to market. Um you we
know now that that uh Bitcoin has to be
marked to market but I wasn't even sure
myself had to ask rock
&gt;&gt; is stock you have to put your stock mark
to market and take the actual profit in
that quarter. Turns out you do.
&gt;&gt; Um so my initial number I got completely
wrong.
&gt;&gt; Sorry.
&gt;&gt; I thought it was only on the downside
that you had to cover the marktomarket.
No for real. No, no, you have to do
there's
&gt;&gt; so every quarter we have a Bitcoin
adjustment in one direction or the
other.
&gt;&gt; That's right. And every quarter we'll
have a
&gt;&gt; the stock. Yeah.
&gt;&gt; So So but but the the number the two
billion dollar number uh was in I'm
probably wrong on this. I think it was
in Fortune yesterday.
I mean I know it was yesterday. I just
don't remember it was Fortune or not.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. The other thing I I do think like
you know it's kind of interesting how
all this stuff worked out. I remember,
you know, when I was interviewing Elon
back in 2022, kind of going back to
your, you know, potentially having a
really solid quarter, how Elon continued
to say, "Hey, like if we don't have
these EV tax credits, like we're going
to be fine. We're going to do well." And
you know, and then obviously, you know,
we we know he went all in on Trump and
things like that, but like low-key, even
the thing that people said was going to
hurt Tesla the most, at least, you know,
Wall Street was saying, "Oh, when this
EV tax credit goes away, no one's going
to buy a Tesla." And it's like the exact
opposite is happening. And you have the
worst the like a double-edged swing
bottom line. And so it's like everyone
now is considering it. And then you
don't have the tax credit now too to so
a lot of these other EVs that would love
to compete are just unattainable because
they're, you know, they're they're a lot
more expensive. So you kind of have like
a perfect storm right now happening for
Tesla uh to really, you know, continue
to to move vehicles. And then I was la
last thing. I was talking to a buddy the
other day too who bought a Tesla about a
year ago and uh he he has the you know
he'll buy whenever he's doing long road
trips is when he buys FSD but this past
month he's been having it he's like dude
I don't think I can get rid of this like
I just I don't enjoy driving anymore
it's just even if it's for short term
and so it's just like I said it's
&gt;&gt; as they're moving more of these vehicles
and people are experiencing it people
know the use case so maybe they don't
always buy the actual um FSD, but like
they know when they want to use it,
which is for maybe longer drives,
commutes, and things like that. Um but
yeah, it's uh like I said, it's it's a
perfect storm right now. Um if people
are buying a four-door car, a
five-seater,
um or looking at a Toyota Coroller or
Honda Civic or CRV, like there's no
better uh bang for your buck and
experience
than buying a Tesla. And then also too,
the used market is super favorable for
first-time uh EV owners as well. So
something to look into.
All right, with that said, Joe, back to
you, man. Government and Tesla finally.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, this is uh pretty awesome. So you
had the uh state trade representative
and then you had the Texas Department of
Transportation executive director on
site looking at the cyber cap. But but
these are these are things that have
been missing right during the last
administration. But uh in Fremont,
California, Ambassador Greer toured
Tesla's manufacturing hub. He got to see
Optimus. He got to see the line. And
it's just it just
saying Americanmade means so much, but I
don't think people really realize like
like all that goes into the supply chain
and all that. And you know if Jeff Jeff
Lutz was here,
but but man like like Tesla is really
doing it like it I mean like the most
American made out of out of a lot of
things when it comes to a a lot of a lot
of um parts and and uh and what they're
in the supply chain and how they've been
able to just maneuver. And again, you
know, just watching the company pivot
and and do what it and do what it does.
It's It's pretty cool to see like them
getting some recognition for that,
getting their flowers for that.
&gt;&gt; If we want to talk about the government,
I got a couple of pieces of breaking
news for you. Uh these are not these are
not the US government, but there's a
rumor from a very reliable source in
Spain that we will have FSD approved by
the end of the month.
&gt;&gt; Uh I double checked that as best I could
to find out whether it was true. It is
probably true, but you it's one of those
ones you have to take with a little bit
of a grain of salt. But the re the
source was excellent. And the second
thing is is that the opposite is that
Sweden, this is my this is my uh let's
have a good laugh over this one. Sweden
says they will not approve FSD uh until
Tesla takes away the ability of the
owner to go faster than the speed limit.
So, I don't know about you guys, but my
car will go a lot faster than the speed
on FSD.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Yeah. Because people without FSD
don't drive over the speed limit.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; Right. Take it away from the meat
drivers, too, and then we can have a
serious conversation.
&gt;&gt; So, brilliant. Sweden. It's just as bad
as New Jersey.
&gt;&gt; Do Do you guys know what will happen?
Let's say they get the 14 out of the 27
countries. What happens then at that
point? is um does Sweden still not have
to adopt it if the the EU technically
adopts it or what's the
not that you guys are EU experts?
&gt;&gt; Well, as I as I understand the EU uh
provides an easy framework uh to permit
it, but they don't override your local
laws. So, you are free to have more
restrictive laws as I understand it.
Similar to in the US where people are
saying, gosh darn it, if can't we just
get the federal framework done so that
it's legal in all 50 states. The federal
framework would not automatically make
it legal. It would just make it easy
because there's a lot of countries uh in
Europe, around the world that don't want
to make their own rules. Listen, uh
really you expect my tiny country to do
crash testing and roadworthiness? We
don't have that kind of money. If it's
good enough for ANCAP, if it's good
enough for uh Euro NCAP, if it's good
enough for the U, whichever uh
organization they trust, it's good
enough for us. Uh so I think that's what
the EU approval would do is just make it
painless but not mandatory.
The article suggested implied that
what's not even implied kind of said
that um Sweden was mostly trying to say
because of this we think that the Euro
zone should not adopt it throughout.
They didn't actually say they did say
that Sweden would not do it until this
happened but they went further and said
we think this should be something that
we all agree on. So, but I I thought I
thought this was kind of like the
rolling stop problem.
&gt;&gt; Um, you know, and it's like, okay, okay,
okay, you're Europe, are you gonna
negotate
this thing right down to uh, you know,
every single little tiny aspect of
driving? Uh, this would be a typical
European approach.
&gt;&gt; It would there are countries where you
go the speed limit. Switzerland is one.
You go the you do not go one or two
over. you go the speed limit. If that's
the kind of uh country you have, great.
Just ticket all the people using FSD.
Let the people with FSD worry about it.
But if it's a country where you go three
over, five over, 10 over, like in the
US, uh you many US states, 10 over is
the norm. It is normal. Those laws
haven't been updated since vehicles were
much less safe, much less responsive,
had twice the stopping distance,
whatever it may be. These rules are out
of date. Do you want to change all the
rules or just put some wiggle room in
there if my car was locked to the speed
limit? I think FSD would be unusable. I
don't think I would be able to use it
because it would be too restrictive. Uh
what do you guys think? In California,
is that also probably true?
&gt;&gt; Yeah. I mean, especially on long
distance trips, right? Like if I'm if
I'm going like if I'm driving out to
Joe's house, he's about an hour away or
something like that, depending on
traffic, maybe an hour and a half. Yeah.
I mean, I'm probably going to once I hit
the highway or get to a certain point,
I'm going to be set stepping on the
accelerator, turn it off. Um but um
around town, I it could make sense. But
yeah, it's just one of those things
where I I I will say Sweden is one of
those cuz I I know Tom who runs the
Tesla owners of Sweden has also been one
of the countries that they've had the
biggest problems with for with their
their what is called the Sweden unions
union
&gt;&gt; and strikes and all that stuff. So
there's probably some backstory that
they're trying to channel and stop it as
much as possible. Um there's probably
some ulterior motives there. But with
that said, yeah, like if you start
limiting at least I need it to go five
over if anything
le if it's just the speed limit, you're
talking it's going to be painful. You
know what I mean? And um it's really
going to slow things down. But here in
California at least, you know, you're
responsible for, you know, everything
over the speed limit. That's on you and
and you got to that's why it's still
called supervised. But even even not,
you can pull it back if you want. That's
just that's uh human input.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, you have the different modes for a
reason. I mean, that's that's what
they're there for.
&gt;&gt; What's the summon king? Mad Max or
hurry?
&gt;&gt; I stay I stay in like hurry or Mad Max?
I don't. Anything else is like
ridiculous
like
&gt;&gt; All right. So, with that said, uh looks
like Cyber Cab track days. So, uh, Joe
Tagmire has some amazing footage. Um,
this track is pretty much complete.
Um, so now it's no longer Fremont just
having the fun in the back. Um, lot of
testing.
&gt;&gt; Um, and some of the stuff that,
&gt;&gt; yeah, some of the stuff obviously you'll
see on the track is not only going to be
the track experience where you can go
high speeds,
&gt;&gt; but you know, there's different
scenarios like a bunch of bumps and and
just to test the suspension.
um and a lot, you know, several other
things that they'll have set up
typically around the track, kind of like
what they have at the Fremont factory.
Um just to completely do a test, not
only speed test, but also to check out
the suspension and and brakes and things
like that. So, um but yeah, I mean there
you go.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. And through the middle there in
the center of it, there will be chains
of various degree. So, yeah, you can run
a hard slom through there. Make sure as
John John said the suspension is uh what
you need it to be all tuned in.
&gt;&gt; So I I have put this on here. The Tesla
Cyber Cab has received an EPA
certificate of conformity
and an important regulatory milestone
for the vehicle. So it certified the
certificate confirms that CyberCap meets
all applicable federal emission
requirements and can legally
be introduced into the US commerce. So
&gt;&gt; it's fun. There's a bunch of different
agencies that oversee vehicles and the
EPA is one of them. So when uh sometimes
you end up with agencies doing things
that don't sound like it's their job,
there are no emissions. There is no
tailpipe. It's still a certificate
that's required before you can sell it
or use it inhouse commercially. So they
can test all they want, but if they want
to collect a fair, they have to have the
certificate of conformity, which they
now have. I have seen some confusion
people saying, "Oh, the only thing left
to do is to self-certify it." That what?
No, no, that's that's self. It's already
done. That's done. Just check that box.
If it if for some reason it hadn't been
done, they could do it tonight. Uh so,
what are we waiting on? Uh unclear. I'm
not sure what the holdup is at this
point. It's some tweak in the software
would be my guess because while there
are many states that still uh are a
little wiggly on what's required before
it can be deployed, Texas is not one of
them. They could roll it out in Texas
today using the permits they have. Uh
and they are not subject to the 2500
vehicle cap that we've seen at the
federal level. So, we're getting real
close and they keep building more of
them. Well, the real question is when
MKBHD shaves its head. That's
&gt;&gt; might not have to happen. I mean, we've
got until the end of the year and I'm
seeing no real reason to sell them. Uh
there's going to be so much money and
selling one to one person. I don't know,
man. That feels like a shortcut just to
make someone shave their head. There's
got to be easier ways to do it.
&gt;&gt; Yes, that yes. Yes, there does. Um, so I
was in Austin last Friday and like I
said, it's here. So the the the thing
with the Bay Area is it's huge, right?
You're talking 400 plus square miles,
you know? Again, obviously there's kind
of the bay coming through it, but it's
really it's kind of I mean, you're
seeing them a lot here in the Bay Area,
but there's it's huge, right? You go to
Austin, it's a lot more central. It's a
lot smaller. And I literally saw
probably 10 on the road within 2 to 3
hours. And then in the hive that they
have like the robo taxi, there was like
30 just behind the the um the black
fence. And like you can literally uh
feel it. This is they are I'm glad they
got the EPA, you know, uh RA or
certification.
It's just a matter of time now. It's
it's more of like when can we flip this?
What is the times right? Again, all of
the the cyber cab rides right now or
sorry uh Model Y rides in Austin are all
unsupervised
and uh you know and they also I think
had some you know reports uh recently
about accidents and it's other people
banging into them and doing things like
that. So they like the calm it's this is
the calm before the storm and they are
stocking up everybody who wants a cyber
cab right now in every city with them
right I'm seeing in Vegas Florida uh up
in um you know Boston area and um I
think there was one even seen in a New
Zealand the other day it was like going
by or something.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; So all I'm trying to say is is that uh
when they can flip the switch uh they're
going to do it. Um, it's going to
probably happen in Texas first. Um, I'm
hoping that, um, you know, here in
California, you know, I'm hoping that we
can step up our game and, um, because
again, I'm seeing Whimos unsupervised,
right, all over the place and would love
to see some, you know, robo taxis light
up in a couple of cities, maybe start
PaloAlto, whatever it may be. Um, but
the root, sorry, the cyber cabs, they're
in production. They're they're not
slowing down. they're, you know, how
many they're making and they are
shipping them all over the place. So,
uh, and you feel it in Austin. It's just
like, it's like when's the garage door
going to open and then it's more of like
how many can come out before it gets
like, you know, gets hurt.
&gt;&gt; Well, and I uh heard from someone that
uh the cyber cab was uh also in a in
Austria
uh perhaps.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. What what happened with that?
Yeah, exactly. No, there was one on we
had display for the Tesla takeover
Europe and so who knows. Yeah,
&gt;&gt; that was very exciting.
&gt;&gt; And Whimos, you do see them everywhere.
You see them in the middle of
intersections. You see them in standing
water everywhere.
&gt;&gt; And I think there's some big recall
happening right now too, right?
&gt;&gt; Yeah, it's true.
Jeff Jeff Le said the other day he said
how he sees it is that we're about four
weeks away at the most and he sees it as
if each of the cities is a little
factory.
And so you've got all the setup that you
need to do to make that factory work.
You got the equipment, you've got the
repairs, you've got the recharging, all
the things that you need to do to make
that that city operable. uh including
the employees, personnel, that could be
anything from fast responders
uh to people in kind of a headquarters
that are, you know, able to come on and
and help in case of a problem. So,
you've got all of these little pieces
and parts that need to be done. and his
belief is that it's looking to him as a
as somebody who's built a lot of
factories. Um looking to him like these
factories are just about there and we
should be seeing it turn loose.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. It's just I mean like I said it's
uh you know when you see all the the
model wise you know when they were being
released the Junipers you saw them kind
of like being trickled everywhere. Now
it's just a different level. I mean,
you're seeing these um you know, test
drivers all over the place. Um and
Austin, like I said, that hub was huge.
So,
um
but yeah, sorry, I was reading uh our
good old friend Brian's comment, but
yeah, with that said, we are hitting the
top of the hour. So, first off, I just
want to say Randy, you know, thank you
so much for joining us on such a last
minute. uh you have such an um amazing
knowledge to just knowledge drop on us
and you brought up some amazing points.
So he's tagged on X. Um he also has a
YouTube channel as well. So make sure
you you go and subscribe and and check
it out. It's uh Randy Kirk_YouTube
channel if you're looking on YouTube. Um
or I think it's Randy Kirk one on X. Um
so with that said uh thank you again
Randy for your time. Um, and just a
quick couple of things. If you are in
the Bay Area and you're free, come join
us um for, you know, really like cars
and coffee and a fun portable bed will
be showing up too if you want to check
out kind of the Tesla of beds, eight
sleep from 10 to 1 at Fort Point. Um,
and then we already mentioned the Insta
360 Luna Ultra that's out. It's kind of
similar to the Osmos. Really cool.
Shoots in AK. Um, and then quick update,
XT Takeover, uh, Site View AI is the
presenting sponsor. Um, thankful for
them for coming on board. Um, we'll have
a lot more videos coming out about what
they do and and how they're just being
super supportive of the community. Um,
also too, if you want some cool swag,
uh, if you want to look like as cool as
Joe, maybe not as cool as some of the
swag he puts out, maybe half as cool as
the Summon King, uh, go check out our
apparel store. But with that said, uh,
give shout out to Joe for the amazing
deck that he puts together every week
and, um, for the amazing expertise that
comes from Futurazza. And we will catch
you guys all on the next one.
That was a fast