Channel:     munrolive
Title:       Rear Seat Teardown: Inside Modern Automotive Seat Design
URL:         https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dmvZfk-wnTg
Published:   2026-07-06 19:30 UTC
Fetched:     2026-07-06 20:00 UTC

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Welcome back to Monroe Live. So, if
you've actually clicked on a video with
me, you know that more than likely it's
going to be boring. I'm a boring person.
I kind of accept that. But when we talk
about vehicles, and many of the vehicles
that we look at, often they are electric
vehicles. And that's just because that's
the new development. That is the new
thing. But when we look at an interior
of an electric vehicle, it's normally
not very much different from an ICE
vehicle or anything else.
When I specifically work with startup
companies, they're often very excited
about their new technology, their new
method. But what they often forget is
you must design and develop an entire
vehicle, not just your unique piece of
tech. And every vehicle that is on the
road has seating in it. And lots of
times people will look at this and it'll
just be an afterthought, something that,
oh yes, that's just a seat. It's very,
very easy to do. Everyone does it. But
in all honesty, there's a lot of
decisions that need to be made in going
into any type of a seat structure. Now,
in most of the videos that you've seen
with me, we've mostly focused on the
front seats. And that's actually because
as a driver of a vehicle, that is what
you uh interact with the most. And I
don't want to just leave it there.
You've heard me say in other videos that
my personal opinion, the worst design
seat structures are second row seats in
three row vehicles. Not a lot of thought
gets put into those structures just
because it's a niche uh area of the
market. Not all vehicles have three
rows. It's a very unique structure for
that second row vehicle, that second
row, three row, because it normally has
to fold flat in order to have some sort
of a cargo space. So, there's a lot of
problems there. But today, because of
our partnership with HMAC1, I have a
couple of other seat structures that I
wanted to focus on. And these are some
seat structures from a truck. I have the
BYD Shark, and I wanted to look at this
structure and compare it to what you see
in the F250. Now, this is a very common
vehicle that is on the road in North
America. So, I wanted to see what
differences do I actually see between
that and the BYD Shark.
So, the BYD Shark is a 100% rear folding
seat. Now, what does that mean? Going
from one side of the vehicle to one side
of the vehicle, that is a single seat
structure.
The Ford is a little different. We have
a 60/40 seat. So, I brought up just the
60% seat as a comparison, but there is
another portion of this. So, what am I
really looking at? Well, let's take a
look here.
This is a fairly lightweight structure.
And again, this is 100%. So, this is
wallto-wall within the vehicles. Fairly
light gauges of steel. Okay, I like
that. We have our pivot point which is
attaching to this so that this seat can
fold up. But what is this seat not
doing?
If we look at the F250, you'll see that
is much heavier gauge steel tubing.
Why would this one have such heavier
gauge compared to the BYD Shark? And it
is this.
This is a cantal lever or floating seat
structure. From our pivot point, we do
have a riser that is taking some of the
weight, but forward of this, all of this
is being taken by the seat structure
itself. So, every occupant that is
sitting in here, you are loading this
seat structure. So, we've made this
somewhat oversized. But if we look at
the shark,
we have the pivot point of the shark,
but underneath the seat, we have three
touchdown areas. So this seat structure
is actually transmitting the load
directly through the vehicle floor. So
because of that they do not need as
heavier of a structure.
I want to explain this. This is what's
called the isoix tethers. This is what
the rear of a child seat would lock into
in the vehicle.
Now what they have done is they have
taken this tube and they've separated it
away from the folding seat structure.
So, we have the risers in the pivot, a
cross tube mounting to those ISOIX
tethers.
All right. Is that unique? Well, look at
this. I have a tube. I have a tube. I
have a tube. If I already have a cross
tube, do I need to have this type of a
cross tube? Let's look at the F250.
Those
ISOIX mounts are integrated into this
cross tube and this is the pivoting
moving seat structure. There is no
secondary tube. So they are eliminating
a component but because of geometry they
had to do something unique here. You'll
notice that this seat cushion and where
those ISOIX need to sit in relation to
the cushion are kind of in an offset
angle. So they've actually designed this
structure to offset to allow that.
Whereas on the BYD shark seat by nature
of having it a separate component they
were able to change that. So we have a
fairly flat seat structure allowing this
structure to be raised up. Is one better
than the other? I'm going to say no.
There are decisions that can be made on
the development process that depending
on what you're trying to solve for, this
could be a more advantageous approach
than that, but both of them have their
reasons. So, this is the 100% seat back
for that rear seat. And when I'm looking
at this seat structure, it's also fairly
light. It's mostly made out of tubes.
There are a few stampings, but then a
lot of wire. Now, if you don't think
about it, when you look at all of this
narrow gauge wire, you say, "Well,
that's very efficient. That's very, very
lightweight." What a wonderful approach.
Okay,
there are 15 wires in this seat
structure. All of those wires have to be
formed. All those wires have to be
welded into place. This wire structure
is actually supporting the bolster on
the side, but there are 15 of them. If
we looked at the seat structure for the
F250, now again there's a 60/40, so
there is another smaller part. If I
added up all of the wires between the 60
and the 40, I only add up to six.
The wires are inexpensive, yes, but if I
add a lot of them, I'm adding in a lot
of labor.
So, I want to think about this. Where
are these seats? Where are these
structures made?
This structure has fairly
uh thin structural components, but a lot
of them. Look at all of these wires.
Look at all of the welding. There is an
awful lot going on here. I mean, this
skirt around the front edge, double wire
supporting the shape, all of these
different welds. But when we compare
that to the F250,
though the F250 has heavier gauge steel,
looking at the overall assembly, the
amount of welds, the amount of fixturing
is very, very low. So what am I solving
for?
Let's say that the steel prices are a
commodity price that are roughly the
same worldwide. It's not true, but let's
say it is. Where is the difference? It's
in the assembly labor.
I am putting in more money into the
steel
to save the amount of SE assembly labor
that I have
this one because everything is very very
lightweight. I'm saving money on the
steel and I'm taking advantage of the
fact that my assembly labor is so low
that I can do all of these complex wire
weldments.
Depending on where I'm at, I would want
to execute one way or the other. And to
me, when I'm speaking with customers,
the manufacturing location I think needs
to be selected first and then we can
tailor our design to meet that market
and meet that area. I think it's very
bad that sometimes you'll discount a
manufacturing location, a manufacturing
country, and saying, well, it's just
going to be too expensive to build it
there.
This, let's say this was um North
American product that was outsourced
overseas. Now you have to pay for the
shipping and paying for shipping of
something this large is quite expensive.
If I can move the manufacturing location
closer to the plant but I develop a
design that meets that market, meets
that uh location,
then I'm getting on net a benefit. So
you don't have to always produce
something in a lowcost country. You can
affect your design to make it more
advantageous
very local to your plant.
But I do want to say a couple of other
things about this C structure.
You'll notice this top tube.
The top tube does not go side to side.
You see this bracket? That's stamping in
the very middle of the seatback. I'm
breaking the tube. And then I have this
stamping that is giving me a slight
offset and jumping between the two.
Well, look at the F250.
This is a single tube which has been
crushed. That single tube now matches
that shape.
Is it better to be able to make that out
of a single component or this which yes,
I have some fairly straight tubes and
then I have to add in a stamping. Then I
add in all the welding. Then I add in
the possibility of error if this is not
fixtured properly, having something
angled wrong, something in the wrong
spot.
This type of an approach to me is what a
young engineer does. They've been given
a task. They need to accomplish that
task. They made something that worked,
but they never really went back and
looked at is that the most efficient way
of doing it. I do think that this is
much more efficient. Now, getting into
the weeds, there's one other little
point I want to make out, and that is
these tubes for the headrest guides.
If you look at it, this looks like a
round tube, but it's not.
It's hard to see, but you see this
little keyed seam.
This is actually a stamping that is done
flat and then rolled closed. You'll
notice here there's a depression in this
stamping that gives me a flat edge that
I can then weld to. So I have a flat
piece of material perimeter cut. It is
stamped providing this depression. Then
it is rolled giving me this round edge.
Well, how did Ford do that?
It is also a flat material that is
rolled and locked together, but it's not
perfectly round. They have a complete
flat edge rather than having that
depression. Is that good? Well, think
about it. If I have a round tube, I'm
touching off on this surface. I'm
touching off the sides and I'm touching
off on the rear. There's no reason that
I have to be perfectly round around that
headrest guide. Now this is something
that's very very minor but it for me
when I'm consulting with design and when
I'm consulting with my different
customers those are the types of details
that I notice the things that I look for
to find out how did you understand your
design and how did you understand your
manufacturing method and are there
things that we can toggle within there
to save both money or simplicity within
a design.
Now, when I'm looking at these designs
and I'm looking at the manufacturing, I
literally count every weld and I try to
understand what did they have to do to
put into that. And in doing that, I also
notice errors. And right here, I just
wanted to point that out. This is a
little tab from the MIG welding wire.
So, when they arked this to start
welding, the arc did not actually hit
the end of the wire. So, they had a
portion of wire that came out before it
arked, welded in place, and that little
piece of MIG welding wire has traveled
with it, hasn't broken off, uh, went
through the paint process. Now, this
isn't really a problem, but it is a
notification to me that the uh,
assembly, the welding, the parameters
may not have been set up perfectly. Now,
if this piece of MIG holding wire were
sticking up, then I would say we have a
problem because now it's into the
seating location.
So, remember when I was talking about
these edge wires? I'm looking at the
wires structure on the side and I'm
trying to figure out why did they put
this structure in. Now, I kind of know
why. This structure is supporting the
bolster edge of this seat. that
structure is going inside of the foam
and it's providing stiffness for that
corner. But when I look at the F250, I
have no type of reinforcement in that
corner. So my question becomes, is it
actually needed? Again, I said this
reminds me of a young engineer, someone
who threw everything at the wall saying
this is going to solve the problem.
Okay, did you actually have a problem?
Are you solving something that was real
or are you solving something that you
imagined? And again, often they don't
have the time to go back and rethink
their design. So I have one, two, three
pieces of uh bent wire. One, two, three,
four, five, six, seven weld points
doubled up between each side. So now 14
weld locations. I have roughly 3/4 of an
inch to an inch long of MIG welding. So
all of those movements between the
welding head,
all of that effort, all of that
material, was it truly worth it? Did it
solve a problem that existed or a
problem that someone imagined?
While we're here, I want to talk about
the seat cover. And there are a couple
points that I want to talk about and
then I want to make fun of the people
that think that when they go to an
aftermarket shop to have their cover
repaired, it's just this one little
piece. Look, I have it cut. I just need
you to replace this one little piece.
All right, let's get into that.
When we have these covers and we're
trying to trim out our seat,
you'll notice this center line.
This is a Velcro strip that is embedded
into the foam that engages to this
Velcro piece that has been sewn into the
seat cover.
See this track here? There is a metal
wire hidden within the foam here. Those
metal wires use what's called a hog ring
which attach here. So you'll have your
hog ring pliers that's grabbing this
piece and you reach down and you grab
that metal and you lock it into place.
You're doing that across this entire
seat cover to trim this seat out. Now,
that's a lot of effort. There are
different ways of doing that.
In my opinion, I'm I like to get away
from the hard rings. I like some of the
snap connections that are integrated
now, but the snap connections cost a
little more, but they're easier on the
labor.
But my rant,
I know a lot of people in aftermarket
upholstery, a lot of people in
aftermarket automotive seating, and a
customer comes in and says, "I have this
one little cut. I need to repair that
cut." That should only be $30. Look,
it's such a small piece of vinyl. Yes,
but you have to get the correct vinyl,
which is very, very difficult. But then
when I look at the back of this,
this piece has a join seam here. Has a
joint seam here. But you'll notice this
seam continues past this point into the
rest of the cover. It has a seam here
which continues past this point into the
rest of the cover. It has that plastic
piece that the hog ring hooks to which
is included in that sewn seam which goes
past the end of the cover. the amount of
disassembly that is required to
completely untrim this seat, cut out
that panel,
and then source the correct type of
material, which you're not buying that
in less than an entire yard. Then you're
paying for the shipping of that yard.
Cutting that panel, and then the amount
of sewing that you need to tie back into
the complete seat cover,
that is a lot of work. And this one
little cut will cost you hundreds of
dollars in a repair, but when you see it
from this side, it looks so minor and it
should be inexpensive. It is not. So,
there's my little rant just in speaking
for the people in the aftermarket
community knowing that this is much more
difficult than a normal customer will
think that it is. So, when we were
looking at this foam, I was telling you
about the Velcro and I told you about
the metal wires that are embedded into
this foam. Let's kind of go into what
that process is. Foaming is done on
what's called a foam carousel. You'll
have a bunch of tools basically set up
in a big circle. And those tool those
tools open like a clamshell.
With that clamshell open,
I have this big hollow cavity. I can
insert my Velcro, insert all of my metal
wires. It goes to the next location. A
robot will inject or pour the foam into
the tool. The clam shell will close.
Now, that foam then expands and fills
out that tool. And the reason why these
are done on a big circular carousel is
because it takes a certain amount of
time for that foam to expand and to
cure. So you'll have one station that is
loading the Velcro, the wires, goes to
the next station, it's pouring in the
foam, and then that part continues on
the rest of the circle until it gets to
the end where the tool can actually be
opened and that finished foam can be
pulled out. So because of that, most
foam is a fairly simple design. Uh most
foam tries not to have too many dielock
conditions because you have to pull it
out of the tool. Um, and for tooling,
if I have this one part,
often I have to make 15 to 20 tools to
make this one part because that's how
many stations it's going to have to be
on the carousel in order for it to go
through its entire expansion and cure
cycle. Um, so by changing the foam, that
is a big tear up. Each tool is
inexpensive, but because of the amount
that you need, it's very expensive. So
often we'll try and change the cover.
We'll change the design a little bit. We
might change the materials, but if that
affects the foam, that's a big tear up.
So we try and reuse this foam as much as
we can across as many vehicles as we can
if we can just change the design of the
cover. Um sometimes you can't though. So
some of my customers come to me and they
want to know what their competitors are
doing. Some customers come to me and
they want to know how can they make
their own process, their own product
better. And in truth, I have to know
what led you to this decision. What led
you to the decision of allowing the seat
to be a cantalvered seat? Can that seat
touch the floor? If it can't, why?
It's it's unique because when I'm
looking at these vehicles as they are, I
have the what. Well, the what is the
physical part that's in front of me. I
have the how, the manufacturing method
that make that part. But when it comes
to the why, I have to use my
imagination. I have to use engineering
intuition to understand what decision
led them to that. And to me, it's more
important to question those decisions at
the very beginning rather than look at
an individual part and say you're going
to save money here or here. I want to
save money across the system. So, I want
to know what went into that. So, at
Monroe, that is the approach that I
would take in consulting with my
customers, whether I can save them money
on their own parts, if I can give them
the knowledge that we glean from other
competitors. And it's thankful that we
have this partnership with HMAC1 who
tear down so many vehicles that were
able to reference all of those
components to understand
what decisions did you make that caused
this and did another competitor make a
different decision that gave them some
sort of benefit. And that's what I want
to do. That's what I like doing. So,
thank you and have a good day.