Channel:     futureaza
Title:       Tesla Semi Weekly Update Big Signs From Reno Factory
URL:         https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=F-ljEqz7CAA
Published:   2026-04-17 12:00 UTC
Fetched:     2026-04-17 13:00 UTC

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

It is that time. We're going to look at
the Giga Eye West factory. Giga Tesla
Semi is in the house. We've got some new
footage to show. And by new footage, I
mean new to me, maybe new to you as
well. Last week, we covered the EC
Cascadia. We've got a lot more
information about that and a lot of
questions to address. I got my buddy
Mark here from the Tesla Life. What
we're doing is we're going to do what we
do every week, which is cover the
footage, then get into the questions you
had about the footage, and then get into
the uh the answers and wrong answers. We
have a segment called Wrong Answers
Only. Uh wrong answers to a very silly
question usually. Let's find out how it
went. Spoiler alert, really well. I'm
Brian. Welcome to Futurza.
So, for those who don't know, the Giga
Semifactory or as we call it, Giga Eye
West, because the name in the render was
printed upside down, uh, is in Reno,
Nevada, outside of Reno, kind of closer
to Sparks in between them really. And
they're building the semi out there
when, you know, kind of now Zangler
provides us uh, footage. He allows us
use of his footage. We don't use the
footage. We use stills from the footage.
Uh, and if you want to see the videos,
please go check them out. Link in the
description. So, that's how we do it.
And last week, the footage was fresh and
new, but we chose not to use it because
he needs the views. He needs the love.
Go over there, subscribe, you can join
the channel. All that. So, getting into
it, the footage here. Do you notice
anything new in this picture, Mark?
&gt;&gt; To be honest, there's some fencing.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, the the barricade
&gt;&gt; the barricade has been added to. There's
new segments of barricade.
&gt;&gt; Not sure how critical that is, but okay.
Again, a lot of these things probably
come down more to insurance
requirements.
&gt;&gt; Yeah,
&gt;&gt; these barrels, these barrels, we had
looked at them before and thought, "Oh,
they were below ground and now they're
putting them above ground." But I think
I cracked that case. I believe what
happened is those weren't below ground
barrels. Those were the mounting points
for the barrels.
&gt;&gt; Ah, okay. That makes more sense, doesn't
it?
&gt;&gt; Yeah. So,
&gt;&gt; they're not just going to sit loose
barrels. That doesn't make any sense.
&gt;&gt; So, then we've got uh some more footage
up ahead here. What do we see here?
&gt;&gt; Ah, some uh some leftover packing
material first. And then uh looks like
some stampings. Um
&gt;&gt; sure does.
&gt;&gt; In a in a box there. Some maybe uh part
of the exterior cap.
&gt;&gt; Yes. in this bin at the corner here. It
looks like the front bumper subframe
that goes beneath the plastic. Um, but
they're boxed up nicely like they're
inbound or outbound. These aren't in the
dumpster there. Those are clearly scrap,
but the other ones appear neatly
packaged. There's a question as to why.
Well, they could be it could be that
those are panels that the stamping line
is not yet set up for. Those could have
been brought over from somewhere else.
And it could also be that they're
outbound for testing of various, you
know, thickness testing, crumple
testing, whatever it may be. They could
be going out for tests.
&gt;&gt; Mhm. Kind of bundled. You've got uh
scrap stuff and you've got uh some new
looking stuff all together.
&gt;&gt; All together. So, they've got uh Yeah.
So, in this week's footage, there isn't
a lot to cover, which is partly good
news. People looked at this video. I
went through the comments on Zangler's
channel and said, "My gosh, you guys,
this is uh there's nobody there. It's a
ghost town. End of the road for Tesla.
Shot on a Sunday." So, I don't know what
to tell you. Uh Sunday at sunrise is
probably not the time I would look for
people to be
&gt;&gt; at the most construction work. Uh we do
have something new that you will see
right here. Do you see something new
here?
What's changed?
&gt;&gt; Uh, there is Are those new um new uh red
curtains to the right?
&gt;&gt; Oh, they might be, but I don't think so.
The doors are closed. We've never seen
the doors closed.
&gt;&gt; It is again, you can tell from the
direction of the sun and the angle of
the sun. It is Sunday, just a hour or
two after dawn. Uh the doors are closed.
They're usually open on both sides. This
week they're closed. So, my question to
you, dear folks, is wrong answers only.
What are they doing in there?
&gt;&gt; Too bad we couldn't get a zoom in on the
uh the sign. I wonder if that says use
Mandor.
Says it says something closed. I will
try and pull up a picture after the
fact. Let me see if I can just do this
real quick. I thought it would go to
actual full screen, but it just goes to
full pain.
Wild. Fascinating. Did not know that was
a feature of StreamYard. Uh, that's
great. It's a cool new feature. Did not
know about. Would be great also if it um
could upload my side of recordings in
less than sometimes two and a half days.
So, wrong answers only. Now, of course,
one reason you would close a door is to
avoid a draft,
&gt;&gt; but with the height of those doors, I
think it gets a little giraffy in there.
&gt;&gt; A giraffe. Yes, indeed.
&gt;&gt; Mhm. Mhm. Now, out on this side, you're
only encouraging me, Mark. Don't do
that. You know better. Out on the side
of the property, the last big thing to
look at is these cabinets. These look
new. What are they doing there? Ah, so
those could be they could be
supercharging or mega charger cabinets.
&gt;&gt; They could kind of look like those. Um,
they're certainly the right shape.
&gt;&gt; Yes, they could also be because we
haven't seen a place for more mega
chargers. Uh, they could also just be
supercharger cabinets because they do
frequently have superchargers at
locations like this. That would make
sense, too. If you have additional
thoughts on that, by all means.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, they would. They certainly would
um have the ability to install a
supercharger. Um
&gt;&gt; yeah, that's that that's a good
possibility. It also there could be um
they could be spares.
&gt;&gt; That's a lot of spares.
That's too many. I think
surely they know a guy if they need one.
&gt;&gt; I I would think they would know a guy.
Yeah,
&gt;&gt; I would hope so. Uh so I've said it a
thousand times. I'm going to be at the
diner on Saturday. Tickets are sold out.
I don't need to hype that too much more.
And it's almost Saturday anyway. But on
the 26th, I'm going to be in Portland
giving a presentation about electric
trucking and about cybercap. Two
separate presentations. Join us, won't
you? That event is free. You don't need
tickets. You need to show up. So, please
do that. Hey, uh, got a question for you
about semi. Tesla's preparing to put the
semi in front of a Canadian audience for
the first time. Class 8 will make its
Canadian display debut at Truck World
26, which runs from April 16th to 18th
in Ontario.
&gt;&gt; Toronto, Ontario. Yes, indeed. So, um
they're actually having a private
viewing uh tomorrow morning, uh which
would be Tuesday.
&gt;&gt; Uh and uh
&gt;&gt; giving away the secrets to when we
recorded this, which we're recording
earlier than usual because I have to get
to LA and I'm driving. So, um there's
going to be a private viewing and then
after that it's going to the truck show.
So, it's being introduced to uh Canadian
fleet owners and uh be interesting to
see uh what the thoughts are uh at the
trucking show of the the semi, the new
updated semi in place.
&gt;&gt; It's going to be exciting. If you get a
chance to check it out, guys, uh get a
time machine. I don't know how you did
that, but uh that's regardless of you
know uh if you get a chance generally
check it out. It's pretty cool. Uh so
let's get on to the Q&amp;A. This is the
part of the show where we do the Q&amp;A
Mark.
So uh uh what you could do while we're
here, by the way, I don't know if you
guys know this is like the video. Pretty
pleasing. Thank you. Uh with a cherry on
top, I believe. I I'll have to double
check on that. But what we do is uh go
through the questions with all that
juice available. So we were talking
about the semi. I've got a picture of it
here somewhere. This this is the uh the
a picture that we shared of the
eCascadia,
but I'll get back to that in a minute.
The question is uh one of the questions
came up was about uh the ability to
without human intervention load unload
trailers, swap trailers and tractors and
whatnot. With all that juice available,
couldn't they use an electromagnet to
grab and align the hitch?
&gt;&gt; That's not a thing in trucking currently
at all. Um,
&gt;&gt; no. Yeah.
&gt;&gt; Having the juice isn't sufficient to
create the magnet. You also have to have
the magnet to electrify.
&gt;&gt; Um, but no, because if you imagine being
off by even an inch and it's just
routinely scraping, you know, 50,000 lbs
side to side on the pavement.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; The other thing you want is that uh that
placement of that pin. That's a robust
pin uh that is in there to hold the uh
48,000 lbs of a trailer in place. And I
don't think you want to be fooling with
that in trying a brand new system
because of course these trailers have to
interchange with other trucks outside of
the semi. You you've got to have a
standardization.
&gt;&gt; We will be getting to that as well
momentarily because there are two more
comments along the same lines. Trailer
hookup isn't a problem. It just needs
refactoring for automatic hookup rather
than the crazy current setup. This isn't
rocket science. True. True. Very
interesting uh about hooking up the
trailers. I'd be excited if someone went
first principles on it and completely
redesigned the interface, truck, and
trailer from scratch. I find it
difficult to imagine a megawatt
inductive charger. Forget about that.
But all we have to do is reinvent the
trailer.
How many trailers do you suppose are in
the US?
No,
&gt;&gt; not the semis, but the trailers.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, I would say there's got to be
there's got to be at least five times
the number of trailers that semiis
exist.
&gt;&gt; 5.6 million is one estimate.
&gt;&gt; And so if a trailer costs 30 to 40,000,
which it does, you're coming up on a
trillion dollar to replace all trailers,
which is too much. That is too much.
That's why you really want to get your
your new system right the first time.
I've tried to ask railroad engineers, if
you're on a brand new Earth and can pick
the gauge of the track from scratch,
what do you go with? And I've never
gotten a good answer. They just love the
gauge they already have. But it's uh
it's something to consider. I mean,
would you want it wider or nar? I don't
know. But you're not changing it now.
There's too much rolling stock out
there. How about a story on other BEV
semiis, please? Love your work, guys.
Brian, time to come down under, mate.
&gt;&gt; Should we do other BEVs?
Semis,
&gt;&gt; why not?
&gt;&gt; Absolutely. Yeah,
&gt;&gt; absolutely. We will have one coming up
this weekend about a company we will
talk about momentarily, but that last
part, I'm not sure what he means.
Anyway, an interesting fact is that the
initial electric semitr was constructed
in 2017 by Cumins. Um, so I've been able
to get a lot more information about the
EC Cascadia in part because of the video
we did last week. Brought some experts
out of the woodwork and then I published
another video of my presentation on the
EC Cascadia that I conducted at Daimler
in front of one of the team leads. He
gave me additional information. So
Cumins may have had theirs starting in
2017. The Daimler project goes back to
2005.
&gt;&gt; They were tinkering with it all the way
back then. So all the claims, oh, other
companies are so much faster. Not
really. Not really. Uh but Cumins has
been working on one. Our experience at
Cumins revealed the need for portable
charging stations at warehouse docks
during truck unloading. That makes
sense. Additionally, Cumins is
establishing a new battery facility in
Mississippi. So that one is a joint
venture with Packar, Daimler and uh
Comets and uh and they are no longer uh
going to be using the Scion powers
Lyserion batteries which have an insane
energy density if they come to market.
Unclear if they will.
&gt;&gt; It looks like if they come to market
they might be prohibitively expensive.
They would be looking at Department of
Defense applications instead where cost
is less of an issue.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; Looks like Freightlininer must be
working on a more competitive model to
take on Tesla cuz if they aren't,
they're screwed.
Yeah, we we noticed that when it came to
price, uh longevity of the battery, uh
cost, all those things.
Really, it looks like uh Tesla doesn't
have a some doesn't have serious
competition out there, do do they?
&gt;&gt; No. There's a question here, which is
we're going to build a new semi. Should
we create a dedicated platform, a
dedicated factory, a dedicated line, or
should we just make it on our existing
platform, on our existing line? And
there are advantages to each. The one is
it's a lot less risky to just make it as
part of the Cascadia family, which is
what they did. It goes on the same line
as the Cascadia. And it last year they
sold a thousand. This year they're on
target to sell a hundred because the
carrots are gone. and the sticks are
gone. So, what's happening is uh if they
had gone allin, maybe sales would be
higher because the cost would be lower,
the benefits would be greater, but it
could be that they just have a $10
billion stranded asset.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; So, I don't I don't know which is the
right solution. I think they're both
pretty bad options. This is exciting.
Electric semi cabs make sense in 26. New
tech the technology is ready. Switchover
will be fast. Let the competition sort
out all the various products. The
problem with this Mark is that it needs
to be under 300,000 to work. That's
apparently for a lot of shippers the
break even point. Anything over 300,
it's dead in the water. Cascadia runs
between 4 and 500,000. It's dead. That's
why they're making so few at one every 3
days. Not a good number. Tesla looks to
be under 300. Maybe they're the one of
the few, if not the only domestic brand
that survives. Maybe competition will
get serious. But right now, there's no
incentive to do so. There's no reason.
So, I'm hopeful other countries have
these requirements. Hoping that they
continue pushing ahead. I see heavy
trucks being charged about 8 miles from
my home. I should get some pictures. Are
battery and motor physics just
fundamentally different in Daimler
plants? No, but you you have a different
understanding of uh batteries uh battery
charging infrastructure
uh what what these what these vehicles
can actually drive for the distances.
All these things are are weighed um
against many different factors in these
companies. Tesla's doing it, Daimler's
doing it, Freightlininer's doing it.
They're all looking at what what works
for us, what works for our clients. And
there are different answers across the
board.
&gt;&gt; Yes. Uh, isn't the Tesla Semi merely a
regional hauler as well? Well, I would
argue if you can go 500 miles in one
direction, charge and return, then I
mean, it was designed as a interstate
hauler from day one from Reno to Fremont
and back over Donner Pass. Until the
network of Chargers is built out, I
guess you could say it's more of a
tri-state region. I wouldn't call a
tri-state area region, but uh I mean do
whatever you want to call it, I guess.
&gt;&gt; And we do have a couple different
flavors of the size of the battery for
the Tesla Semi. So, it might be regional
in that respect that the the uh one
that's only 325 miles might be
considered more of a regional carrier.
&gt;&gt; I think that's a very good solid take.
Sadly, the Nickeola BEV was the best and
closest value proposition to Tesla in
the class 8 space. Was it? Was it?
&gt;&gt; As soon as you were going downhill, it
was great.
&gt;&gt; Well, there's two Nickeola semis you
might be referring to. One is the
prototype, the bespoke prototype that
could have been quite amazing, but we
don't know cuz it never got past
prototype phase. But the other is the
truck they actually made, the Aeco truck
that they just electrified, and it was
not great. Uh the efficiency was quite
poor. 1.7 kwatt hours per mile versus
Tesla at 2.1.
It's not it was not great and it was eye
wateringly expensive. So they did their
best, but I guess their best wasn't good
enough. What about Windows? Chinese
company now delivering semis in the US.
Funny how it looks similar to a Tesla
semi. Not surprising though. China
continues to copy Tesla and plenty of
other US companies. I hope this truck
passes all its safety inspections. Have
you heard of Windrose?
&gt;&gt; I've seen a few photos of the Windrose.
Yes. And it looks strikingly similar to
uh the Semi, the Tesla Semi that we've
talked about.
&gt;&gt; It does. I will have more information
for you on that on our show coming up
this weekend, which will be a public
show because I'm pre-taping a bunch to
cover while I'm gone so I don't have to
stress out in hotels
about this. Anyway, simple question. Why
compare Tesla against Freightlininer
when the real competition outside US
depending on level of protectionism is
Chinese-based Windrose? So, I'm just
going to give a quick answer, which is
Windrose is not at scale production.
They've only sold a couple in the US.
They have the right approach. They have
what appears to be the right technology,
but suggesting that they're going to be
first to market or beat Tesla at this
point is a bit silly. There was a
follow-up to this. I included the
replies, "Windros is in the US. It
appears they've sold like two." Uh, and
in the US, the real competition is
between Mac Mck, not and Windro. I can't
tell if James is making a joke between
Mac and Windross. But in in the event
that you someone does think that Mac
trucks is a competitor, the only class 8
they offer at the moment is the garbage
truck. And I checked for updated pricing
because my number was a few years ago
when I checked it was 500,000.
Apparently, according to rebate
applications, it is now between $500 and
$700,000.
&gt;&gt; Wow.
&gt;&gt; All good until you realize they weigh
12,000 kg more than a European semi. And
that means 12,000 kilograms less you can
haul. And cargo weight is everything in
trucking. I just had to show this
because no heart, no heart on that one
because it doesn't even weigh 12,000 kg.
In order for it to weigh 12,000 kg more
than a European semi, European semis
would need to weigh -3,000 kg. And I
don't believe you can attach enough
helium balloon.
So, uh, even if you meant £12,000,
it's it's still not quite
&gt;&gt; a bit of bit of a windbag comment.
You're saying?
&gt;&gt; Well, and I love it because you can see
they edited the comment, too. They had a
second crack at it. Could this EV truck
be a mobile charging station for EV
cars?
&gt;&gt; Could it be? Yes. Will it be? I doubt
it.
&gt;&gt; That is a great answer. I'm I'm with
you. It absolutely could. I don't see
the benefit in adding the engineering to
enable the circuitry to effectively do
that. In Australia, I believe this will
sell in large numbers. How does it
compare to the Volvo BEV trucks? Almost
directly. Price is comparable, charging
speeds are comparable, uh range is
comparable. So, directly to me, it feels
like the Legacy guys are all up against
each other. And the Clean Slate designs
are all up against each other separately
in a different class. varsity, if you
will. LJ says, "What Tesla Semi? It will
never work. It defies physics." Bill
Gates and Mercedes executives.
&gt;&gt; Mhm.
&gt;&gt; Yes, indeed.
&gt;&gt; Correct. Correct. Mark, you mentioned a
large city hauler. How do large does the
city need to be?
&gt;&gt; A large city hauler would be like a
metropolitan area. So, you've got
&gt;&gt; a large city.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Yeah. So,
&gt;&gt; okay.
How large does the city need to be? It
needs to be large. That's that's the
answer.
&gt;&gt; Okay. So, that's that's great. Hey,
we're going to get into the wrong
answers only. A reminder, if uh you
can't make it to my Portland event or
the LA event, uh Mark and I both will be
at 2026 Summer meetup. We're going to be
dropping facts and spitting hard truths
and it's at Heritage Landing, an
absolutely beautiful venue. I don't know
what's funny about that.
&gt;&gt; Spitting hard truths. I didn't know that
was part of it.
&gt;&gt; Hey, got to you know I the other my son
never opens emails I send him. I've
resorted to clickbait in the subject
line so he'll actually open them.
And did it work? Not yet.
So last week the wrong answers only was
about this truck. This is a fancy
demonstrator version of the EC Cascadia
designed to be super pretty. Um, if you
go around Swan Island where Daimler has
a lot of uh production and uh facilities
and whatnot, you might find that
trailer. I did. So, wrong answers only.
Our question was, who on earth would buy
this? Wrong answer. They're competing
with Volkswagen to see who can lose the
most money.
I don't think they're losing money at at
4 to 500,000, but they certainly aren't
making money.
&gt;&gt; And of course, as you mentioned, Brian,
they didn't invest in a a brand new line
either. So,
&gt;&gt; right,
&gt;&gt; they're they've limited what they
possibly could lose.
&gt;&gt; They've limited it to the engineering,
which they share with uh Mercedes.
Mercedes is using some of that
engineering in their trucking. for a
wrong answer. I got a set of spare tires
for when you for when you get your
grown-up truck. So, this is a joke, but
it's a real answer. People will buy it
for their fleet because they've already
got all the eCascadia competencies. It's
only the drivetrain that's really
changed. I imagine the brakes are the
same. The I don't know, everything in
the cabin is the same. So, yeah, I I get
that you were being clever, but you were
too clever. Wrong answers only by gosh.
My daddy drove a freight liner and so
will I. One day I'll have a Peterbuilt.
&gt;&gt; Cool. Okay.
&gt;&gt; I'm sure there's a second joke in there
we're not getting. Wrong. I buy the
truck because my parole officer said my
ankle bracelet has a 100 mile radius.
&gt;&gt; There you go. That's a good one, Scott.
&gt;&gt; That's good. I like it. I like it. And
again, a man of strong conviction. Or at
least several. Wrong answer. EC Cascadia
looks good with the Artemis 2 behind it.
Yeah, I can I can I can support that.
Why buy the Freight Liner? Higher price
means larger depreciation
for your taxes.
&gt;&gt; That only reason to buy a Freight Liner
is cuz one day it'll be a collector's
item.
&gt;&gt; I think that's day one.
&gt;&gt; Uh instead of a Tesla Semi is because
Trevor Milton said it's a good deal.
Mhm.
&gt;&gt; Well, Trevor Milton says something.
You're listening.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Purely sentimental. If they're
based in the Cascades and don't plan to
leave the Cascades.
&gt;&gt; That's right. Just staying regional.
Yep.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. I mean, you could you could get
out of the Cascades,
but it's going to be a while before you
get back.
&gt;&gt; Uh, it's unpopular to light your cigar
with cash, so you might as well buy a
freight liner. Cigar sold separately.
We've got the best people giving us
these things, man.
&gt;&gt; Stuff. Yeah.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. They're buying because the looks,
which is the only thing that matters,
which dubtales nicely into Mark gave the
obvious reason to get the Bright Lanner.
All those cool lights. I mean, that
pedaling Tesla light bar doesn't stand a
chance. And we got to keep going on this
theme. You'd buy one if you like that
abysmal Tron movie.
And by the way,
&gt;&gt; abysmal. Abysmal. Well, the original was
was better, I guess, than the most
recent one.
&gt;&gt; All three of them were box office flops.
How many are you going to make? How many
times do I have to teach you this
lesson?
It's like when they internet convinced
Sony to re-release MorbiiUs and it
failed again and they then they tried a
third campaign. Guys, we had a thing
that weekend. You got to bring it back
one more time. And of course, the
headline I saw was Sony threatens to
release MorbiiUs every month until its
demands are met.
Wrong answers only. I've never watched
Tron. How much of a discount do I get? I
don't know. About $12. I think you
already saved two hours of your life.
So,
&gt;&gt; almost to the end.
&gt;&gt; Won't know until you watch it. Almost to
the end of it, you guys. Wrong answer.
comes with a cool Freightlininer hat.
&gt;&gt; Of course. Of course.
&gt;&gt; I bet if you ask, they will throw it in.
I'm sure. Uh, that's an expensive hat.
Uh, it's to speed up the bankruptcy of
Freightlininer. I'm sure they're losing
money on each truck. I don't think they
are. I don't I don't think they are.
They're very expensive. They wanted to
lose money. They would cut the price and
lose a little money if they wanted to
push customers into buying them, but I
don't think they do. I think they'd
rather sell a less expensive, higher
margin truck. Choose a Freightlininer
because Freightlininer. Would you rather
say I have a Freight Liner or I have a
semi. No further questions.
&gt;&gt; Very good, Todd.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Yeah, that is of course the last
question. I put it at the end on
purpose. I had to. So guys, uh, what do
we miss? What do we misunderstand? Leave
it in them comments below. Do me a
favor. Would you head over to the Tesla
Life? Got a weekly live show. Wednesdays
400 p.m. Pacific, 700 p.m. Eastern,
where they have a lot of fun. They go
over the news. They actually read the
chat. Uh, this whole time we've been
recorded, I haven't looked at the chat
once because it's not a live show and
you're not there. I will read the
comments. Everybody else, stay tuned.
Stay juicy.