Channel:     investingagainstthegrain
Title:       Taking on Warren Buffett & Tom Lee, $TSLA is Going to $400 +
URL:         https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FnNz7JpRHjY
Published:   2026-05-04 01:34 UTC
Fetched:     2026-05-04 06:00 UTC

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Warren Buffett says that the stock
market right now feels like gambling.
And if that wasn't enough, Tom Lee from
Funstrat, the guy who's called pretty
much everything right up to this point,
says that in May and June, the S&amp;P 500
is going to have a crash that's going to
feel like hell. Meanwhile, I'm over here
thinking Tesla is about to actually
start moving, about to get back to
perhaps flat for the year, which would
only be $450.
So, we got a lot to talk about and
unpack why I think Buffett and Tom Lee
might be wrong. Let's get into it.
&gt;&gt; You're crazy.
&gt;&gt; The stock market closed on Friday
feeling very good. In fact, extremely
good. We are now sitting at all-time
highs. The S&amp;P 500 went from being
negative for the year, almost in a
correction territory, to now being up
5.6% for the year. Dow Jones up 2.99%
and the NASDAQ a crazy 8%. That's a huge
comeback for where we were at the start
of the year where everything was
essentially borderline correction
territory. Now, the Magnificent 7,
they're also doing pretty well. If you
look here, leading the ways, Alphabet up
23%. We've got Amazon 16% and we have
Meta up 7% and you can see the rest
here. Of course, the lagards Tesla and
Microsoft continue to lag the Mag 7.
Tesla's down 13% would have to get to
about $450 in order to be flat for the
year and Microsoft is still down 14%.
Microsoft can't catch a break. So, with
all this, what was the euphoria in the
market? Well, there was a couple things,
but let's start off with talking about
the progress, potential progress with
Iran. As we went into the weekend, the
president said that he would be
reviewing the deal offer proposal that
Iran had sent over for the United States
to to look over and decide. And
essentially, we got it today. We got
kind of the outline of what it was. So,
it'd be a one-mon deadline uh for a deal
to reopen the straight of Hormuz. We had
a end. They demanded a end to the
blockade, the naval blockade on the
straight and then once a deal was
reached uh they would have another month
in order to negotiate the nuclear
results agreement that they would get
to. So then 3 hours ago we got uh this
breaking news said that Iran said it's
reviewing the US response to its 14point
uh plan. So essentially what Iran had
sent to Pakistan to the United States,
United States reviewed it over the
weekend, sent back their I guess
redlinining of it and now Iran's looking
at it. There must be some progress
happening because or there's confidence
on behalf of the United States because
now you can see here Jeff Lutz uh shares
that the US will begin escorting ships
through the straight of Hormuz. So
essentially all the vessels that have
been stuck inside of the straight that
weren't able to get out used to have
crew on there who need food, water,
they're running out of uh stores, out of
fuel, out of oil, out of lube, just it
generators need fuel, all that just to
survive. And so they're getting low on
supplies. And so the United States is
going to work to escort those out of the
out of the straight so that they can go
out and they won't be returning until
some negotiations are done. This,
believe it or not, is actually having
the the stock market uh open up green
right now. So, I was just looking at
this before I started filming. Here's
the headline. Says, first of all, it
says OPEC announces 188,000 barrels per
day output increase in its first meeting
without the UAE. But more importantly,
all the Dow, the SP, and the Nasdaq are
all slightly up right now. And if we
look at oil prices, oil prices are
actually down. Brent is down 80 we call
it8% so about 87 cents and oil or WTI is
down 78 cents or about 77%. While this
isn't that that big of a drop it is
meaningful to tell you what we're going
to have when the market opens on Monday.
It is constructive. It is good. And if
you want one other kind of signal about
what's going to happen Monday, Bitcoin
is actually up right now about 1%. So I
think that's that's good, right? So
that's good news right now for the
market and so that this run can
continue. But this run that we've had,
this euphoria that we had going to close
on Friday to hit all-time highs is not
just on the Iran peace negotiation
seemingly getting resolved or steps in
the right direction. Maybe that's a
better way of saying it. It's mainly the
result of capex from the mag 7 big
companies and big AI spend on data
centers on chips on memories on the
infrastructure for AI. If we look here
we've got a big week coming up and this
week could be what either extends this
run which I think it will or if this run
will kind of come to an end and take a
pause. So you can see here we've got
lots of big earnings coming up. Uh the
ones that will really stand out first
Monday will be Palanteer. As you could
imagine, they're probably going to have
a really good earnings, but they also
had good earnings last time and they got
punished 24 hours later. So, if you're
in there doing a quick earnings trade,
have your wits about you, but I do think
Palanteer is going to post an impressive
uh earnings. I think they are going to
just absolutely demolish it. And then we
also have AMD on Tuesday. This should
help the AI infrastructure story
continue. And as we get throughout the
rest of the week, we have Coinbase on
Thursday and we have strategy or micro
strategy on Tuesday as well. So these
two are interesting from a crypto
perspective because crypto whether you
believe in it, don't believe in it, fan
of it, whatever, it doesn't matter, it
has been a real good bell weather for
which way the market's going to go. And
so I think that if we start to see
Coinbase and Bitcoin and Strategy start
to recover, it's going to kind of put
those animal spirits back in play, which
I kind of think the animals are waking
up. Next week, we also have uh ISM
coming out. We have Jolts numbers.
That's going to be on Tuesday. Like I
said, AMD earnings. And then on
Wednesday, we get ADP private payrolls
come out. Uh we have initial jobless
claims on Thursday. And then really the
big event of the week if there is one
from a data perspective it'll be US jobs
report on Friday and the consumer
sentiment on Friday. Don't sleep on the
consumer sentiment. This can move
markets but the jobs number will be a
really big telltale sign. So that's how
we ended the week going into the
weekend. Those are the events that
happened over the weekend and right now
you know what the main data points what
the main events are going to be for the
week. Now let's talk about Warren
Buffett. So over the weekend,
Birkshshire Hathway had their annual
meeting and it was the first one where
Buffett wasn't the main event. He wasn't
the one on stage answering the
questions. However, he was still the
main event and he still had an interview
with Becky Quick from CNBC's Squawkbox.
And there was a very notable headline
that came out and a very notable um part
of the interview that I thought stood
out. So here you can see CNBC says
Birkshshire annual meeting recap.
Buffett says investing environment not
ideal. Sees gambling in the markets. So
I watched this interview and what he was
saying is that it's not so much that the
investing environment isn't ideal. He
was very clear about what he thinks is
not ideal. Based on the companies he
understands, he doesn't think it's
ideal. He was very clear and nuanced and
intentional to mention that he has not
learned any new industries in a long
time and so he only knows what he knows
and based on the companies and
industries segments that he understands
he does not see the market as ideal. So
that's interesting because clearly he
has not kept up to date with chips and
memory and data centers and AI and
autonomy, anything Tesla related, right?
anything Palunteer related, anything
Nvidia related. And this is what's
moving the market right now. Let's not
kid ourselves. All of GDP right now is
essentially being driven by AI
infrastructure, AI play, AI spending.
And so if this is the segment that
Buffett is not paying attention to, well
then of course the market wouldn't look
ideal for any other segment. He also
goes on to talk about day trading. More
specifically, he talks about options and
one-day contracts. And what he said was
that there's a lot of gambling in the
options market. And this is something I
could not agree with more. This is one
of the reasons I try to teach people how
to trade options responsibly, safely,
calculated, so that you're not just in
there yoloing and gambling. Proof's in
the pudding. Once again, I had a great
month for April. You can see my results
here. Had $39,000 I made for this month.
It's one of the least amount of trades
I've done in a month in a long time.
Only 52. But regardless, they're high
quality. 52 trades. Still made good
money, good alpha on my portfolio. I had
a 94% success rate. Only had three
losing trades. And you can see my trades
when I lose them, they tend to be bigger
than my winners. So, you can see here
the average loss is about $3,500, but
the average win was just over $1,000.
So, I'll take that all day, every day.
The reason I'm able to do this is
because I understand how to trade
options properly. understand how the
asset class actually works. And that's
what I try to teach. And I'm not the
only one. Here you can see one of my
one-on-one students. He's also taken the
options crash course, uh, which is the
first course that you should all take if
you're trying to learn how to do this.
Again, my goal isn't for you to keep
coming back to me. It's just to teach
you how to fish so you can take what I
taught you and then you can go out and
get results like me. 90 plus% success
rate is the goal. So here you can see
cup. He says, "Huge thanks to Nick Gibbs
for teaching me how to generate extra
100 to 150,000 a year on a portion of my
portfolio. He's using a tiny portion of
his portfolio. This isn't a seven figure
portfolio that he has that he's trading
on. What he did was responsibly he took
some money, put it into Tasty Trade.
This the brokers I like to use as well.
He put it in there so that he could
safely learn how to trade." Okay, so he
did that and he has seen amazing
results. here. He says, "This month,
I've already made over $8,000 with one
week still left and a couple of trades
hitting their 21 days to expiration
today. Closing time. We'll add another
$4,800 bring my total monthly profits to
over 13,000 annualized. That's over 150
grand on this slice of capital. You're
the best, Nick. Thanks so much." No,
thank you, Cup. your proof that when you
invest in yourself, when you go and you
learn something, you can learn this new
skill set in order to trade these assets
properly. The problem is too many people
go and try to trade options and they
learn one little piece of it and they
ignore the rest of the whole picture of
how options actually work. They don't
understand how volatility works. They
don't understand how time decay works.
They don't actually understand what the
difference is between a long or short
term option. They don't understand why
it's a bad idea to invest or to trade
certain options at certain times or
while others make sense, right? They
don't know how to see through it. They
don't have a system. They don't have a
process. This is what I teach. I teach
you how options actually work. I teach
you how to get into trades. I teach you
my system for getting out of trades. And
then you walk away knowing how to enter,
how to exit, and how to manage. You walk
away with all that. And then you can go
make it your own. That's the beauty of
it. I don't gatekeep anything. I answer
every question you could possibly have.
And again, the beauty is it's signal,
high signal to noise ratio. The very
next Monday, you can take what I taught
you, go put into practice. Cup has only
been doing this for a couple months.
That's it. And he's already seen these
type of results. It's immediate if you
can you can go out and test it out.
That's the beauty of it. That's why you
don't see all these people talking about
NIX fraud or anything like that, right?
Because it's legit. You can go test it
out. the zero day course that I also
teach that's got even better results,
right? You you see more people seeing
faster returns on that and it's just
insane. But again, the order of
operations, you take the options crash
course and then you take the zero day
course because one builds on the other.
I don't have enough time in a day to
teach everything all at once. But once
you've done those two, that's it. You're
done. You don't need me anymore, right?
If you want to do one-on-one coaching, I
do that with a handful of people. Uh but
you don't need me. You know how to fish
now. You can go out, you can do this on
your own. And I promise you during the
course, you will sit there and say, "Oh
my god, why didn't I do this sooner?"
So, if you're interested, no pressure at
all. The whole goal of this is financial
independence is to allow you to make
extra money without having to sell your
shares, without having to sell Tesla,
Invidia, Palunteer, whatever your
long-term holdings are. I want you to be
more capital efficient. That's the
entire goal. But I've got I got another
options crash course coming up in June
and then I have a zero day uh course
coming up at the end of May and I'll
have another zero day potentially at the
end of June. All right, these are going
to be closing soon. They're already
filling up. It's kind of crazy how fast
these are filling up. So, I just want to
give you guys a heads up. I'll leave the
links down below. If you're interested,
just sign up. If you have questions
about it, DM me on X. I answer everybody
on X. Just DM me at Nick Gibbs. Okay.
Now, let's get back to talking about now
Tom Lee. Okay? Because I agree with
Warren Buffett that the market right now
can feel like gambling. A lot of people
are FOMOing. A lot of people are yoloing
and a lot of people are just going into
options. They don't even know what
they're doing. They're buying these
crazy call options. They don't know the
probabilities. They don't know the risk
they have on hand. And as anybody who's
taken my course now has t can see, the
odds of them having any chance of
actually winning on those trades are so
low, they essentially just gave their
money away. They are playing lotto
tickets. And what I try to teach you is
how to be the lottery system. I try to
teach you how to be the casino, not the
gambler. We flip the paradigm on this.
It's kind of crazy. But so I agree with
Warren Buffett on that. What I don't
agree with Warren Buffett is that there
isn't opportunity out there. Now he was
very clear he doesn't see opportunity
based on what he understands his compet
of expertise right and so that is fair
to say I feel like I have a good grasp
on the AI infrastructure play I
understand how servers work I understand
the difference between uh high bandwidth
memory SSDs ACDS dims right I understand
the complexity of the networking
environment and how all these kind of
tie together from a supply chain
perspective ive and then everything all
the downhill effects right energy fuel
leasing of of land. So that is just
something that happens to be in my
wheelhouse. And right now what I see is
demand as far as the as as you can see
and beyond. The demand is insatiable
right now which contrasts what we saw in
the do bubble right there is no bubble
right now. For every GPU, every server,
every SSD that's built, there is already
a buyer for it. And that buyer already
has a use case to use it. All right,
that's where we're at right now. We
didn't have that during the.com bubble.
We didn't have that when Cisco was
building out their infrastructure of of
networks. We didn't have the demand.
They were trying to create the
infrastructure to get ahead of the
demand they thought was coming and it
did just it took about 1015 years. We do
not have that right now. Back then they
called that dark fiber because no one
was using it but all the fiber was laid.
Today there is no such thing as dark
GPUs. There is no such thing as dark
servers. Not happening. It doesn't
exist. So, let's talk about Tom Lee then
because Tom Lee has a whole different
point of view. And if you don't know who
Tom Lee is, he he works for Fund Strat
or owns Fund Strat. He's essentially
been the most accurate predictor of
what's going to happen next in the
markets for the last five maybe even 10
years. So, when Tom Lee speaks, you
listen. Now, that doesn't mean all his
calls have been correct, but damn it if
he hasn't been more right than wrong,
and we like to listen to people who are
right a lot. Here's Tom Lee's take, and
you can see a screenshot here. Tom Lee
says that May, June, SPY, S&amp;P 500 crash
will feel like hell, but you just buy
the dip for SPY, and he targets still
7,700
at by the end of the year. So, what is
his narrative? And you can see here how
he kind of sees it going to 7,300, then
crashing down, and then coming back up
to 7,700. So what's his point of view?
So Tom Lee's point of view is that
whenever a new Fed chair comes in, they
get tested with a hard market reaction.
It happened with Jerome Pal. It didn't
happen with Janet Yellen, and it didn't
happen with Ben Berni, but it did happen
with Alan Greenspan, Paul Vker, and more
beyond that. Okay, so his point of view
is that this is what tends to happen. We
see that new Fed chair comes in and they
tend to be challenged again with the
exception of Ben Bernanki and Janet
Yellen, but to be honest, maybe you can
put Janet Yellen in her own camp because
Ben Bernanki, he came in and had to deal
with the financial crisis, right? He had
to deal with that whole debacle. So
really, it's probably only been Janet
Yellen. Everyone else has been tested.
So this is where Tom Lee is coming from
and this is why he believes that we are
going to see kind of a correction and it
will feel like hell which tells me he
thinks it's going to happen hard and
fast and drastic. But as he says buy the
dip it's an opportunity because we're
going to go to all-time highs by the end
of the year. My point of view is that
this might happen and it's hard to
ignore it because again who of saying
this Tom Lee but I don't think it's
going to. I think that the market's
going to continue this recovery. I think
we might see a pause. Sure, we might
give back a percent or two, but I don't
think it's going to feel like hell. I
think he's wrong on this one. And damn
it, like, who am I? Who am I to say that
Tomley is wrong about this one? But I
guess by the end of June, we'll know if
he was right or wrong. We have May and
June. He says it will happen sometime in
that period. And right now, tomorrow, so
far, things are looking like they're
green. Now, let me maybe steal man his
side. why something like this could
happen. So here Alexandria post um
interesting article from the information
and essentially to sum it up she writes
fund managers are getting ready uh by
planning to sell big chunks of the
magnificent 7 tech stocks especially
Apple, Nvidia, Microsoft and Tesla to
raise cash to buy into the SpaceX IPO.
this happens is going to be probably
just after or at the end of his window
of May to June of Tom Lee's window of
May to June. So that has steel man his
side. I could see a world where this
does happen with the information is
pointed out here where where fund
managers decide to sell off the MAG 7 in
big chunks like Alexander points out
here in order to raise capital to buy
the SpaceX IPO. You take that narrative
of, hey, these things are selling off.
We don't know why, right? You just start
seeing them sell off and then a Michael
Bur comes in and Michael Bur says, hey,
the AI bubble is popping. And that kind
of is self-manifesting and now we see
the sell-off continue, right? And this
would be something we've seen happen how
many times now where there's this fear
of the AI bubble? It's what, like eight
times now over the last year and a half.
I I think the market's kind of caught on
to the fact that hey, there is no AI
bubble. It's real. It's here. It may not
look the way many people thought it
would look, but it's not fake. And there
is demand for all this infrastructure
and that's real. So, I could see that
happening, but again, I'm actually of
the opinion that when SpaceX comes out,
I think it might actually be good for
Tesla. I mean, that sounds so
counterintuitive and I get that, but I
think Space X and the rumors of the
Tesla acquisition or merger, I think
that helps prop up Tesla. And plus, if
Larry Goldberg is right and they release
some type of document, some type of form
saying that SpaceX has the option or
intention to do a merger of equals with
Tesla, that could definitely be good for
Tesla stock. The last thing I'll say is
Morgan Stanley kind of sides with me. If
you look at this, Morgan Stanley has has
again raised its capex forecast for uh
five hyperscalers, Amazon, Alphabet,
Meta, Microsoft, and Oracle. It now
expects them to spend 805 billion this
year, up from the previous estimate of
765 billion. Essentially, we're getting
to a trillion dollar of capex spend.
This is huge. This is huge for the
economy of the United States. And it's
hard for me and Morgan Stanley to fathom
that all this money is going to get
injected into the economy, injected to
these big companies, and that one, we're
not going to get utility out of the out
of all this investment going in, right?
The companies who are consuming the
infrastructure, they're going to do
something with it. We don't may not know
what it is. We may not know how it
represents, how it affects the economy,
but good is going to come out of it. I
don't think it's going to be wasteful.
And then number two, the fact that this
trillion dollars gets pumped into the
economy in a organic way. Not in a Fed
printing money stimulative way, in a
organic way, in a usable way. This is
very good. This creates jobs. This helps
increase uh livelihoods. This helps
expand cities, right? Just look what
happened to Virginia with all of the
data centers from Amazon. Look what
happened to Seattle from Amazon and
Microsoft. This is good for the economy
and I think this would be a very big
boost which again will read out as good
numbers for GDP, higher average
salaries, all this stuff would be really
good news for the market, especially as
the data points print out. Over 10
billion miles driven on FSD supervised.
We cleared it. 10 billion miles is the
number Elon had predicted we would need
in order to get to true unsupervised 10x
better than human autonomy. And as a
result, right on Q, guess what we see?
Look at this here. Cole writes, "Another
three more Teslas, fully unsupervised
robo taxis have been added to the
fleet." That makes a total of six new
vehicles added today. Holy smokes. Holy
smokes is right. I would use probably
different words than that. So, take a
look at this. Austin has now 21
unsupervised vehicles. Dallas is up to
five now. Houston is up to six. This is
happening faster and faster and again
right on target, right on Q as we hit 10
billion FSD miles. How does Elon do it?
I don't know. But he does it over and
over again. So why am I thinking that we
are about to clear $400 and get to maybe
$450 or higher? Besides all the good
news that we see here and besides the
fact that we I think the Iran news will
help buoy the markets up and I think
that in general with all the
infrastructure spending the market's
just euphoric, right? And so they want
to find value and like we discussed
before Microsoft and Tesla are lagging
the MAG 7. So it stands to reason that
you would put your money where the
lagards are and not where the other
companies are that might be at all-time
highs. I think that's pretty logical.
But there's another reason why I'm
feeling good about Tesla right now.
Let's start off by looking at at this
chart. So this chart and you guys know
I'm not a technicals guy. I don't look
at technicals. But what I do follow is
momentum. I do believe momentum.
Momentum has a lot of engineering
principles behind it. And I think
whether we talk about momentum from a
vehicle or the markets, they are real.
It is real. And it does show you where
things are going. So here we can see the
current BX trender for Tesla on a
monthly time basis. It doesn't look
good. You can see I boxed it in here. We
see these three big red bars that are
getting lower and lower. All right, that
tells you that the current momentum, if
we look at it from just a monthly time
frame, it's getting lower. We're headed
the wrong direction. Now, how are these
candles formed? Well, each one of these
candles take four weeks on the BX
trender in order to create a monthly.
So, if we look at the current weekly
here, we can see I've moved out from a
monthly uh point of view to a weekly
point of view. And now I again I've
boxed it in, but you can see if you zoom
in here, you can see that I have a 1 2 3
4, right? So the one, two, and three
show a reversal of what the weekly BX
trender was showing. If you recall from
the previous episodes, the weekly BX
trender have been showing a record
record string of lower lows on the
weekly. Now that we have turned things
around, you can see we have three
straight weeks of the BX trender going
higher. And what has Tesla been doing?
Tesla's been recovering. It's been going
higher. And so right now we are just now
starting to go into the green from a
weekly perspective. This is ve a very
bullish signal. Now if we get another
week like this, we might actually print
a light red bar on the monthly. So keep
an eye out for that. Now I was concerned
for a second because on the daily we
started to break down on this momentum
again. So we were monthly then weekly.
Now let's look at daily. On the daily
you can see it here. We were going red.
We were going from green to dark red to
bigger dark red and then we kind of
course corrected and we had a really
good day and we went to light red and
now it looks like we're trending back
up. This is good. This is really good.
It's normal for this momentum on the
daily to go up and down. It's more it's
it fluctuates more on a daily
perspective. On a weekly it takes more
for it to fluctuate. On a monthly it
takes a lot more. So that's why we like
to look at all three to give us a good
indication of what's happening. Right
now the daily is telling us that we are
trending up. The weekly is telling you
the same thing. We haven't confirmed it
on the monthly, but if the monthly
confirms it, that tells you that the
momentum is solidly headed in the right
direction. I believe Tesla's going to
clear 400 probably this week or soon.
And if it does, I think has a potential
to climb back up to at least break even.
Now, when does that happen? Is it May?
Is it June? I don't know. None of us do.
All I can tell you is what I see from
the momentum perspective. I can tell you
what I see from the momentum of robo
taxi rollouts for unsupervised and that
momentum is increasing. I like to look
at momentum. Momentum tells me a lot
about the story. It tells me where I
should be putting my money and if I
should be pulling it out. Again, just
look at it. Nvidia, not a lot of
momentum right now, but Micron, SanDisk,
these companies, a lot of momentum.
Smart to put your money behind that.
That's why I'm pretty bullish right now
on Tesla. And if it wasn't enough that
Tesla is rolling out all these robo
taxis faster and faster, it's also that
the market is turning around. So you
don't just have Tesla, right? If we
start off at a very zoomed in point of
view, you've got Tesla robo taxi looking
great. The stocks momentum is turning
around. FSD is expanding. All that's
great. Okay. But if you zoom out now,
you look at the market. The market's
looking healthier. The market has
momentum changed. It is rising. It's
seen all-time highs. That's great. Zoom
out geopolitically. All right. The
momentum of the Iran conflict seems to
be headed towards peace and resolution,
right? So all of these kind of
concentric circles, if you think about
them, the momentum, all of it is
pointing in the right right direction.
And this is what gives me the confidence
to continue to be bullish in this
market. Now, last bit of warning here,
and I plan on making a video about this
because I want to show you guys how I
manage some of my trades, how I manage
to take a perceived trade that's going
to be a loser and flip it so that it
actually becomes a winner for me. I want
to show you how I do that. I'm going to
show you with SanDisk is the plan. But
put a pin in that. We'll we'll talk
about that probably later in the week,
if not next week. What I want to really
stress about with you guys is when
things are good the way they are right
now. Maybe you're just all in Tesla
investor, but maybe you've taken my
options crash course and you're making a
lot of money right now on all these
other trades, which is great. You have
your Tesla shares, those are
appreciating. And on top of that,
without having to sell them, you're
making money on all these other trades.
That's the goal. That's the idea. But
here's what I will tell you. I will
remind you, don't get greedy. Take your
winners off the table. Don't try to make
every last penny when things are good.
Keep keep it rolling. Take your profits.
Trade small. Trade often. Don't sit
there and try to get every last scent.
All right? Greed is your enemy. It's
easy to make money trading options the
way I've taught you. That's good.
Remember, the key to winning and keeping
that money is to know how to manage your
losing trades and how to make sure you
take profits and you don't get greedy.
So, if you have anything that's
extremely profitable for you, take it
off the table. The market's sitting at
all-time highs, okay? It's only prudent.
I'm not telling you to touch your Tesla
long-term shares. I'm not telling you to
touch your Palanteer long-term shares.
I'm not telling you to touch your
Invidia long-term shares. And again,
none of this financial advice. It's just
me giving general advice across the
board that it's prudent to take profits
as they come, especially when we are at
an all-time high in the markets. A
strong market is likely to continue to
be a strong market. So I also am very
bullish. So with that said, trade small,
trade often, be careful out there. It's
exciting times. These are the fun times.
These are what I would say are the most
common times when it comes to trading
where it's very easy. You're making the
money over hand over fist. It's not
difficult. But you got to be prudent.
You got to be cautious. These are the
moments where I want you to ramp up the
paranoia.
Don't get confident. Don't think you're
a genius all of a sudden because the
second you do, the second you think you
know something, that is when you'll be
in trouble. Stay safe out there. Cheers.