Channel:     jobhakdi
Title:       Tesla and SpaceX Stock ACCELERATION: The Week Ahead
URL:         https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kZXBwCfoGLU
Published:   2026-06-14 18:26 UTC
Fetched:     2026-06-14 21:00 UTC

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Beautiful, beautiful Sunday. I hope
you're all here. You can hear me well
and we are ready to kick this off
because today we have to discuss what
happens in the week ahead. Now last week
was a very very eventful week because
you know you know that the most
important company of our life very
likely the most important company of our
life or in other words I'm very sure it
is the most important company of our
lives SpaceX went public. You know all
about it and you probably witnessed
together with me the unbelievable
unbelievable largest IPO in the history
of humanity in the history of
capitalism. Here is how the stock did
very well. 20% up a little less than
people expected 165. I am not a
shareholder in SpaceX.
you know that I'm not bullish on SpaceX
short term, that I'm incredibly bullish
long term, that I'm absolutely
determined to make SpaceX, one of the
central pillars of Pioneer Lands and
Pioneer Alpha, the Pioneer Reserve in
our mission to make everyone 30% per
year forever and stabilized.
A mission, not a promise, just to be
clear, not a solicitation for securities
here. Pioneer Bonds, totally different
story, but that is our mission. And our
mission is to find the stocks that
reflect this enormous upside and
transformation of humanity into the age
of AGI with all its risks and
opportunities in the most effective way.
And my favorite stock used to be Tesla.
My second favorite stop stock used to be
and is Nvidia. And they're still the
number one and number two for me. But
SpaceX, there's no doubt over the next
24 months will become probably the
number one. But pricing matters and
that's why I'm staying out because you
know there's all hype going on around
that.
So let's take a look at the catalysts to
be a little bit more scientific here for
the next week. Let's see what's going
on. Uh here's the little rocket and what
happens next week. What happens over the
next few weeks with SpaceX. Let's start
with SpaceX before we go into Tesla.
What do I expect for SpaceX? Well, I
expect the stock to do fine.
Maybe show some weakness, show some
volatility, try to do some more price
discovery. But let's not forget we have
major catalysts for SpaceX coming in
purely on a technical level that should
drive the stock higher or at least
stabilize it around here. purely
technical because as you all know we
have index inclusions for SpaceX
negotiated extra specifically for this
company
starting on June uh 14th we continue
trading of course Ju June 15th then on
June 26 we have the Russell US indexes
inclusion fast entry edition so here all
these indexes and all the ETFs connected
to
have to do that, right? So, this is
buying pressure from all the different
funds that automatically have to reflect
and model the index because that's what
they promise the investors. They say,
"Oh, you want to be a passive investor?
Just come to us. We just reflect this
index and we have to buy all the stocks
in the index
according to their weight in the index."
And by index inclusions, you basically
force these funds to adopt your stock.
And that creates buying pressure
regardless of the fundamentals,
regardless of valuation, they have to
buy. Now, um, what do we see here?
Is that even true? Is July 6, what is
this? S&amp;P total market brought US
indexes. This is some AI slop. I don't
even know if that's true. But July 6,
very important here, the NASDAQ
inclusion.
So that will be very likely fast entry
rebalance, right? So all the NASDAQ uh
funds then also have to buy SpaceX
according to its weight in there and
that is uh really really good for the
stock.
And in December then we have the next
Russell semiannual reconstitution weight
and style adjustments. I would discount
that not important but July 6 very
important. And then you know that of
course S SNP rejected the change of
rules which means the earliest we can
get included as SpaceX into the S&amp;P 500
which is the big one uh is in one year.
So long story short, we have these
catalysts, we have these index funds
coming in and they have to buy and it's
going to be fine until July 6 and then
we are over. Right?
In other words, we have strong catalyst
coming in until July 6. Another three
weeks roughly from here and from there
on SpaceX will be on its own. So you
know my thesis, my big big thesis. I can
scroll down here, skip all the stuff.
You know, my quick thesis, I had this
beautiful image that I stole from X.
Actually, I feel super bad not giving
the author credit because I don't even
know who the author is. Let me try to
find that out while I speak because I
feel very bad showing this image without
attributing whoever created this Space X
IPO graphic. Let's see if I can find it.
But do you know this is the theory? We
have a very very hyped situation on the
SpaceX IPO and that is the problem. The
IPO cycle very well-known cycle we are
going up at hype then we are lacking the
fundamentals of course because the
current cash flow and fundamentals do
not support SpaceX and then at some
point everyone will lose faith. there
will be some crash, the stock goes down
and then of course especially with uh
SpaceX with a stock like SpaceX we have
actually massive massive tail end
potential that is coming sooner than
people think. So I am quite convinced
this is how it's going to go. I'm also
quite convinced these one to two years
of tears the value of tears
will be shorter and this will be
steeper. So, I am looking for this area
here to buy. Now, I might be wrong, but
it's very hard to see how I'm wrong on
this. So, I'm waiting. No one knows how
much this falls. Does it fall back to
150 to 135 IBO price to 80? Who knows,
right? It depends on the market. But
what are the odds? We are not going
under 160 in the next 12 months. Not
high. And even if, who the hell cares?
This thing goes to infinity. So if I go
in later at a higher price, I don't
really care. I'm very convinced that the
steep upward curve of SpaceX cannot
happen anytime soon based on that
valuation. Now we might go to 200 or
220. There's a squeeze or something
short term, but that's how I see it.
Okay.
Uh let's go back. So now I commented
quickly on what I see with SpaceX. So I
am not bullish on SpaceX shortterm. If
you want, you can buy it. Of course, it
might go up more with all these
catalysts coming up. It's just too
highly valued. It runs on fumes and it
has some way to go until the cash flow
kicks in. And I am pretty convinced
there will be a drop. That's why I'm
sticking to Tesla for now. But we know
that SpaceX
is the stock that makes the long-term
Pioneer Alpha story work. That makes the
long-term objective that we have at the
Pioneer Reserve to generate in excess of
30% every single year in a robust and
reliable way. So we can build the future
financial infrastructure for everyone
and deliver this return to everyone
while we actually make more so we can
finance Pioneer Lands, stabilize the
reserve and ensure that when the markets
are volatile, the Pioneer Bonds can keep
pumping out the 30% to everyone. That is
the promise. That promise hinges on
great pioneers and great people
generating massive amounts of value. And
now with SpaceX, I'm very confident that
over the next 10 years, we have that
under control.
As I said, not a promise. It's an
objective. Let's look at Tesla and what
Tesla does. Of course, Tesla, the entire
story for next week, the weeks to come
is robo taxi because we know big things
are happening. big things are happening.
You know this here, this is my Dallas
picture and I will show you of course
the latest
the latest is here. This is June 13th.
This is Houston. So on top in addition
to Dallas here you
is a secret parking lot somewhere in
Houston where you have all look at this
all these amazing cyber caps with their
cute golden little wheel caps that they
should not wear if they don't want to
show themselves in public. And so the
wheel caps just another little hint that
something is going on because they
tested them without the wheel caps
before. Now they make them all pretty
with makeup. Why do you put makeup on
your cyber cap? Probably because you
want to put it out in the public. So
that is just Houston. Uh here we see
another one. Look at this. This is in
Las Vegas.
This is in Las Vegas. And you see these
beautiful, beautiful cyber caps. Not as
many, but Las Vegas is far away from
Texas. But they're being lined up also
with the beautiful little wheel caps. Of
course, they still have the steering
wheels as you can see here,
but we also know these steerings wheels
can probably be removed within minutes
when necessary, and they're going to
drive around for now with the steering
wheels. Does it have a steering wheel?
They don't even know. So, the question
is also, why are they all there? Why do
they sit around in all these cities
getting accumulated? what is even going
on right so there you have it that is
happening on the cyber cap front and to
actually provide you with some numbers
some calculations I did here I did you
know that my central thesis on Tesla my
central thesis on Tesla is that we
actually have a real hot reliable
reference point for cyber cap deployment
with cyber cap production and I made is
repeatedly clear of all the things of
all the indicators from FSD releases to
reviews to Elon and everyone what
they're saying the most reliable
function and forcing function for cyber
cap and robo taxi that allows us to do
some kind of estimation when something
is happening is actually cyber cap cap
production because cyber cap production
is a commercial full-fledged
manufacturing operation that you cannot
fake. You cannot ramp it down easily.
You can also not ramp it up easily. It's
a massive operation. And the fact that
it kicked off in April, the fact that it
turns out dozens and dozens and dozens
and hundreds of cyber caps is the best
piece of evidence that I have to
generate a trajectory for robo taxi
launch. And that trajectory, let me show
you what I see here.
We have roughly based on Joe Tech's
drones at an absolute minimum produced
10 per day in April. That would make it
220 units. We have also then hard to
tell if that's the actual minimum, but
we saw batches of 70 standing around 80
standing around at Austin Gigafactory.
So I'm estimating at a minimum 20 days
uh 20 per day in May with 22 production
days conservatively which is 440 and
then in June we can assume 30 per day.
I'm just extremely conservative here
which makes it 360 so far in June. But
see, see what I'm saying? Even if my
super conservative estimates here are
true, we are actually above 1,000 cyber
caps as we speak. And I do think based
on what I've seen, the drone footage,
Joe Tech Meers, great coverage, and all
the other people showing us all over the
place from Chicago to Boston to Florida
and of course the big ones, California,
Palo Alto. We see Nevada. We see Texas.
All over the place, we see these cyber
caps. So, there are probably over 1,000
cyber caps out in the wild
and another thousand being added by
probably the first week of July. And
then you have 2,000 sitting around in
July. And then you have 3,000 4,000
sitting around in August. And there's
just no way when you understand finance
and manufacturing to do that without
some sort of high conviction plan. And
that is why I'm saying I am still
convinced we will see some some
deployment multiple dozens is my theory.
Multiple dozens of cyber caps in June
which is now which is next week and the
week after. I can be wrong. I can be
wrong, but the signs
point to me not being wrong. And if this
happens, it will be a strong tactical
short-term catalyst for the stock. I
would estimate we are up to all-time
highs in June in the next two weeks. If
this happens, if we get 4850
of these cyber caps actually
unsupervised deployed, if not, who
knows? We're just hanging out here.
Another little another little signal is
then FSD 14.34.
Maybe you find this boring. Maybe you
find it boring the latest FSD releases.
But this new release, I got some
extremely extremely positive reviews
back from you guys on X here, brother
Joe
from
uh Doge Army General himself, the Tesla
bull. Doge army general never lies. Doge
army general after I requested some more
information
on this whole thing. Right. Pete balls
to the wall says my review of FSD 14.3.4
after the first 42 miles. This was just
released on Friday. Holy, how do you say
that without saying it? Holy
mother effing
This is I I don't even know how to
say that. I feel bad. Uh, I need more
Tesla stock.
And then I said, "Please, more
information." And then Doge Army General
says this, "Brother Joe, a few more
details. I have driven 250 miles on
14.3.4. It is by far the best overall
FSD built by a wide margin. And Doge
Army General is not a joker. When he
says that, we should listen. It is far
more refined than 14.3.3.3 which in some
ways for me a regression from 14.3.2.
14.3.4 the new one can clearly go wide
to everyone. The knack feels even less
than 14.3. The car no longer breaks
steps for animals. Just lets off the
accelerator more naturally. The
selection of parking options at
destination is very nice and feels like
this is one step closer to robotaxi.
Some small issues still with parking
selection. my personal preference, not
being matched with where the car parks,
but this is an incredible build. The
pace of improvements is mind-boggling.
And listen to this. I will comment on
this in a second. Essentially, every two
to three weeks, we are getting upgrades.
This will only go faster as the AI
learns more. I'm buying more Tesla. I've
held accumulated since 2013 and well
into eight figure position. Likely to
cross nine soon. Good for you, Doge Army
General. Nine figures is impressive.
eight figures is also impressive
here. And Dojami said after I said thank
you, uh, I was pretty outspoken about
the issues with 14.3 if you check my
feed. So, no reason for me to overhype
things. I'm amazed and in love with
14.3.4. Look forward to checking out
your life. I'm a big fan of your work.
So, Doge Army General, if you see this
uh feed, thank you so much for actually
adding some color to this whole thing.
And we should remember that 14
3.2 2 I forgot which one the big I think
14.3 that was the big release that was a
fundamental overhaul of the system that
has now a much higher iteration speed
because they cut out all kinds of things
where they can now iterate faster so it
was non a nontrivial improvement and we
have to understand the slope of progress
whenever the slope of progress changes
not just a new release but the slope of
advancement changes because of a rebuild
of the old underlying system. That is a
very important thing and that happened
with 4.3 and that is also why Elon made
clear by the way in the earnings call.
We do not have to wait for version 15
for robo taxi rollout. He made this very
clear. He said at huge scale we will
have 14 we have version 15 but not
before. We can roll this out and we will
roll it out before version 15 which is
scheduled for probably end of the year.
So
I am quite bullish on this. So if we
then look back here to Tesla, this stock
of course a total pain in the butt.
Let's not kid ourselves. I predicted
correctly Q1, but I made some mistakes
here. I can go into that. But I
predicted that Q1 will be terrible. And
I traded this like a master, a master of
my craft. I think I was down 5% for the
year when Tesla was down like 20
whatever. So, I did a tremendous job for
Pioneer Alpha and all investors and
Pioneers for Q1. Now, then I got a
little greedy here. Uh I totally wrote
this up. I absolutely won this all the
way up here because I predicted that.
But then
I think I survived that little slide
too. But then I got too greedy. end of
May I got too bullish and got really
leveraged and then here I got very much
destroyed and then recovered
sufficiently now but uh let's see how it
goes. So I'm fine but that was
definitely too greedy. I got too greedy
end of May went too strongly leveraged
in so I got squeezed a little bit and
had to reshuffle. That always is bad.
Now I'm kind of stabilized and fine, but
it has to go up a little bit. So what we
can can we learn from that? Well, I
don't think it was a super big mistake.
I was probably exposed 20% too much. 20%
less. I would be in a better position.
Was a little bit too greedy. So don't
get too greedy. And also don't do what I
do. This is a little dangerous. So what
I believe is happening as you all know
is I believe we go to back to all-time
highs very soon and very quickly once we
see any kind of movement the market mini
correction is also over by the way uh as
I also said very clearly this is a joke
I I said it's a joke because if you look
at how this actually behaves five-year
chart here of the NASDAQ we are on this
uptrend since 2023 pretty clean line up
little corrections here. No one cares.
Continues on this uptrend and now we
were clearly below that line. Then
totally rallied be above it and are now
basically back exactly to where we
belong to continue this AGI rally which
will not end anytime soon. That's what I
think. So that's what I do. Let's remain
bullish on Tesla. Let's be aware that
Tesla can always kick us in the balls.
That's what it loves to do. So, we
always have to be prepared. This thing
falling back to 380 for no reason in
between. So, you can't have too much
leverage on. But I also think the
uptrend from here from 406
up is much more likely than down. Just
be prepared for a little down from time
to time. But this is uptrending.
If we hit 490 soon, we have to be also
cautious up there. I think then we are
stagnating and falling back. unless
robot taxi keeps scaling. So we have to
play this with some sense, right? Uh
there's optimism. No one knows what
happens with Optimus. If we actually see
something, we will we will discuss this
later. No one knows right now.
But I think at 406 it's a clear strong
buy. At 440 or something, we need to
start being a little cautious. If
nothing happened with Cyber Cap, if we
get Cyber Cap release, we can easily get
to 490.
But then if it doesn't continue to
scale, we can fall back. So we have to
remain diligent here and see what
happens.
Let's go to the comments.
Maybe I switch on a nice little uh nice
screen while we wait here. Let's have
that on my favorite mega satellite. I
mean, this thing is just I can't even
put into words. How did this even
happen? That we are living in this
timeline that this is probably a year
away from becoming real and the biggest
transformation of anything that has ever
happened in the history of humanity. And
this satellite AI1 of SpaceX will be the
decisive step, the most important
technology in a very long time and not
even complicated.
Okay, let's go to the comments and see
what you guys are saying. Uh, I saw some
things. So, Ronnie, greetings on a
Sunday evening. Greetings. So, you're in
Europe, it seems. Uh, Shomsky says, "No
cyber cap release during the FIFA World
Cup yet." I know. Very disappointing.
Uh, Bongo Vonguk says, "Hi, Joe."
Uh, Tagazaga
says, "Joe, the debate between you and
Alexander was fun to watch. You won. You
should do more. You're good at it. I'm
happy to do more
uh with Alexandra. Well, Alexandra has
the most dissenting ideas. Rebellionaire
is out there now promoting voting no on
the merger even though we have no
information on the merger. So, I don't
know. Uh yeah, Alexander is fun to
debate with. Uh I love having CERN on,
but with CERN, I'm not debating too
much. CERN is always teaching us amazing
things and we can have great
conversations. not so much dissenting
debates. Jeff Lutz, of course, amazing,
knows everything. But I never debate
anything with Jeff because we always of
the same opinion. Uh I think Jeff is
very smart and knowledgeable. He has a
lot of things to contribute. I learn
always when I talk to Jeff.
Uh Becky says, "Forever is a very very
very very long time.
It's maybe even longer when you think
about it, but I agree." Um, James Bond,
we have James Bond on the chat. Very
good. Does SpaceX dump every time there
is a launch delay?
Ah, I think I mean what do you like if
there's a blow up launch blow up that
will definitely impact? I mean, now all
these launches get very interesting for
shareholders because they will impact
the stock. I don't think in dramatic
ways until something dramatic happens,
but it's going to be very interesting.
Randy says, "Hi Joe, I miss Curious Py.
It's not right what YouTube did to him.
We should do something to help him. He
does a great job with his content on
Tesla. Randy from Connecticut, USA.
Thank you, Randy, so much for reminding
us on this horrible thing that happened
to Py. And Py, I was on Peggy's channel
multiple times. Uh Peggy invited me when
I was small, when Petty was much bigger.
So I have like gratitude for Py and I
think he's such a cool dude and he's
always in a good mood even though he's
down there right now in Kuwait and these
areas so he doesn't have an easy life.
It's absolutely horrible what happened
to Py. I tried to contact YouTube on X
multiple times and told them what the
hell is going on.
Yeah, we should do something. You know,
we should do a petition or something. If
you guys want to set up a petition, can
we do a petition like a GoFundMe? But as
a petition to YouTube, I think it's very
outrageous.
It's very scary also for me as a
YouTuber, for every YouTuber that they
can just shut down your channel without
any strikes with no warning. I thought
you get a you get a strike. That would
be the fair way to say, "Oh, we take
down your video. You did something
wrong. You get a strike." But to from
zero to one to shut down the entire
channel that PY put so much work in and
so much effort and passion and
accumulated a great set of followers. I
think it's very shocking and very
disturbing especially because it's clear
that Py didn't do anything wrong, at
least not on purpose. I think he shared
some kind of fake crypto scam video
without knowing it and took it down
right away and said, you know, oh that
was bad. So yeah, we should absolutely
do a petition for Peggy. This is pretty
horrible what's happening. It's very
very unfair and very very mean. I can't
even I can't even imagine.
Uh
El Mike the dude says YouTube treats
everyone awful. I also got a strike. I I
had one video in January where I said
how much worth is Tesla or something? Or
when do you have a million in Tesla
shares? and I got a strike and they got
like they shut down my video. But then I
got very scared and like made sure I
never said anything about a million and
now it's gone. But yeah, very mean.
Um,
Michael
D. Bush Joe, why do you prefer naked
puts to vertical put credit spreads?
Couldn't you buy many more contracts
with spreads for a given amount of
margin buying power? Absolutely,
Michael. I don't have naked. I have de
facto naked puts, but I have credit
spreads, yes, because of the margin
issue, but they're kind of useless in
terms of real protection, right? If you
sell uh let's say a 400 strike price
weekly at 406. So, if the stock is now
at 406, you're selling let's say 400
strike price and you're buying
uh a spread long put at 350. I mean,
what's even the, you know, you losing
everything if this goes to 350, but it
helps you to buffer the margin. So,
absolutely, Michael, you should be
coldblooded with these things. Assess
risk and just use the tools. I'm just
using credit spreads that are de facto
naked puts in the sense that you're not
protected really uh to to manage margin.
Saul Saul says we need 1,800s
unsupervised for the Tesla stock to
seriously move. I agree. We need roughly
1,800 unsupervised for hitting 5% of
free cash flow addition and then uh we
can repric the stock. But here's the
difference all if we get let's say 20 or
40 released I think it's a 10% catalyst
for the stock. 10 to 20%. I think we can
run to 490 with that. Absolutely.
What you were talking about the 18800
that is a repricing of the stock that is
basically a repricing of the entire
asset and I think that can push us to
600 800 with a little exuberance also to
a thousand. At the moment we we hit 18
1,800 unsupervised robo taxis
and see the growth accelerating or
continuing. So 10,000 becomes like
clearly in a couple of months after uh
yes we can absolutely repric the entire
stock but that's different from just
going back to 490.
The truth is out there says merger. No,
no, no. Well, this is a big debate. We
will have that debate here. I want to
see the terms and then we can make a
decision. But if they offer us 30%
premium or something, yeah, I'm going to
say no. Are you kidding me? So let's
see.
Uh Sean says Joe is right again. I
didn't say it. Sean said it and Sean is
a smart man.
Mangra V2000 says I'm no merger. I'm no
on merger for now. Let Tesla run. I'm
not speculating. Let's see what happens.
Let's see what happens. You can always
talk to me Tesla and SpaceX. Make a
proposal. Tell us what you want. Then we
can review this. But we are not going to
vote blindly no or yes. Right.
Uh
what do we have here?
We have so many comments.
I may be one of the few that thinks
this, but I do not believe that SpaceX
merger is a good thing.
Let me make this bigger.
This is one of my biggest problems in my
life is the
uh comment section here in the
management is so annoying. I can never
scroll this effectively.
It always jumps around.
I spotted a white Model Y says Frost
1349 with Roboaxi lettering in Orange
County, California on Friday. likely a
fanmade decal. White model wrote
it escaped from LA.
Uh Sean X says, "Thanks for the info.
Tragic. We would hope that YouTube has
data to realize that it he is not a
scammer." Very odd. It's very very bad.
And actually the YouTube team
investigated it. Talked to the people
who who the blocker team and the blocker
team just didn't change it. So they're
like douchebags. It's very bad. Uh,
sincere skeptic says, "I sure don't
trust me to drive through a parking lot
unless FSD engaged. People walk right
out in front of me. Tesla reacts
quicker." True. People are crazy on
these parking lots.
Uh,
Randy says, "Curious Pachy did a great
job with Tesla content. I watched him
every day. They treated him awful. I'm
very sad how they just erased the poor
guy." Not right. It's It's super bad if
you know how important YouTube is for
all YouTubers. I enjoy it. I mean, I
would be totally devastated if it's just
destroyed.
Uh, El Mike, the dude says, "YouTube
treats everyone awful. Almost trust
almost every YouTuber because
Oops."
Yeah, it's all horrible. Michael Bush,
why do you prefer naked calls? We
already had that.
Uh Warren says, "Oh, political drama.
You want to talk about
uh you want to talk about Iran? You know
that I think Iran is over uh for a long
time now." And you know the back and
forth and now Israel did stupid things
again. And now Iran said today they're
not going to sign and Trump's birthday.
Happy birthday, President Trump, by the
way. 80th birthday, big birthday. Uh,
but now Trump can't sign this deal or
Iran won't sign it. It's like a total
mess. But I said the Iran drama was over
five weeks ago because no one has a
choice, especially the United States
doesn't have a choice. They need to have
the straight of opened and it will
happen because the alternative would be
total devastation of the world economy
and the American economy. So, it's
clearly going to happen. No one wants
this.
Sometimes you have to look through the
drama and see the economics.
Pun
says, "Love you, Joe.
I love it."
But Pean wanted more. Can you talk a bit
about Bitcoin? I can do this.
By the way, talking about talking about
the future of investments,
uh we have a very cool thing I want to
drop on you guys quickly. Look at what
we have here. Pioneer Alpha, you know
the Pioneer bonds talk about that
sometimes. You have the Tesla plus 50
bond growth 35 and so on. You know,
income 12 where the bonds pay 1% per
month paid quarterly. It's 3% per
quarter of the bond pre uh principal.
But we have this new thing going on. So
all you Americans listen,
we have now because we got a lot of
requests for the Pioneer bonds for IAS
and that is you can go to
pioneeralpha.org by the way if you want
to know more. You need to be an
accredited investor. So there's a little
survey but it's very easy. Um so you
have to to see that site. But look what
we did.
We basically uh connected, we are not
getting paid by anyone, by the way. We
are connected to some of the best
self-directed RIA uh service providers.
In case you guys don't know what that
is, you can basically convert your IRA
or some of your IRA into a self-directed
IRA. uh where you can just invest in
anything you want not just in publicly
traded but also in pioneer bonds for
example but also into real estate also
into startups venture whatever you want
in case you didn't know that that's a
very important provision in the code in
the tax code you're allowed to do that
but you need to do it through a
custodian so we connected here to some
of the largest custodians in the United
States very reliable people cost like
500 bucks a year or something
we are not in any way involved olved
here. We are just connecting helping you
guys to do that if you want and then you
can basically convert any amount of your
IA money Roth or not Roth uh into
self-directed IA and then you tell the
custodian what you want to invest in and
they invest it for you and you get for
example Pioneer Bonds. You tell them I
want the Pioneer Bonds. They ask you how
much. They make sure you have the money
in your IA account and then do it. And
we negotiated even a big discount for
everyone who wants to do that for this
service. We have no links by the way. We
have no liability, no links. You have to
do your own research and decide if you
want that. But we just negotiate with
these guys. Normally they have an
affiliate thing where we get money. But
of course, we absolutely don't want
that. So we said if we send you someone
and they want to actually do this
doesn't matter if Pioneer Bonds or real
estate whatever you guys want to do h
you can do that. So go to
paneeralpha.org and do it and you get
our affiliate fee as a discount on your
fee. So it's 200 bucks I think instead
of 500 for the first year. Just as a
little plug here because we got so many
requests from people who are
you know who want to use their to have
tax-free pioneer bond returns. Very
cool. So, please let me also know how
this goes and what you guys think. You
can test it out. Uh, this is a new
setup, of course, and I'm very
interested in what people think. I think
it's tremendous.
So, just as a little side note,
um, but I wanted to talk about Bitcoin,
Bitcoin
because we got some questions here on
Bitcoin price
and I have a clear thesis here. What's
going on?
Because Bitcoin remains an important
piece of the equation.
Frost says, "My eye is 100% Tesla stock.
I would have to sell some to get pioneer
bonds." Not happening. Sorry, Joe. You
know that one of the pioneer bonds
uh what is happening here? you know that
one of the Pioneer bonds is actually
addressing exactly that because
it is the Tesla plus 50 bond where you
basically
it's not a guarantee that you make more
with Tesla but if I make more than Tesla
you make more with Tesla. So you're
basically getting half of my excess
alpha over Tesla as a benchmark in case
you didn't know that that we have that
bond. Not guaranteed. If I suck, if I
fail and make less than Tesla, you're
not making more than Tesla. But if I
make more than Tesla, you're getting
half of that. So if Tesla goes up 300%,
for example, in 3 years, we go up 400%,
you make 350%. Bing. Just saying. Little
Tesla diversification here. That bond is
specifically designed for all in Tesla
investors who think, okay, fine. Maybe I
put some in the bonds, keep most in
Tesla just in case the bond actually
keeps outperforming Tesla, then I just
make more and it's directly linked to
the Tesla performance. So, it's a fun
little bond. Just saying.
Okay. Bitcoin.
Bitcoin.
Bitcoin. So, here, what happened to my
Bitcoin chart?
My Bitcoin chart is gone. Why is this
Bitcoin
here? Bitcoin
in dollars
here.
That's what we want. So, we saw Bitcoin
bouncing off very hard the $60,000
uh
$60,000 problem. And that happened also
back here when it was really bad in
February. Actually was here. It doesn't
even show it in the chart anymore. We
clearly bounced off the 60,000 before.
So it feels like that the 60,000
technically, which is like this area
here before from 2024 when it plateaued
at the all-time high and then went
higher.
This is like a you know head and
shoulders or something here long term.
But, uh, it seems like, of course, you
never know with Bitcoin, but it seems
like the 60,000 area is kind of a stable
bounce and that's how I'm I mean, I'm
right now fully exposed on Bitcoin with
my position.
I think micro strategy might be a very
good thing. Uh, too, of course, you
never know. You have to be long-term in
Bitcoin because if it falls, you
shouldn't like I am not selling when it
falls. So, I need to be positioned that
I can sustain also deeper drops. But I
think the risk return here riskreward
looks very good to me.
Saka says, uh, Joe doesn't want to get
shut down. Bring on Py. Uh, I'm I should
bring bring on Py. This poor little
Pidgey is so mean.
Um yeah, Frost, if you want, you can
always go to Pioneer Alpha and uh shoot
us a message, but that is explicitly
designed to do a little and we have one
large IIA Tesla holder who uh does that
a little bit. So that will be fun.
Um Tesla semi FSD will be off the
charts. 100,000 per truck per year. this
5 billion almost pure profit then 10
billion in year two. I know. I think
that's I mean Tesla has a lot of things
coming. Uh
has a lot of things coming that are all
very bullish. I also think earnings are
going to look very good. If you look at
weight times in China for Model Y, when
you look for sales in Europe rebounding
like crazy. Uh when you also consider
that the other automakers including the
Chinese have giant problems all over the
place. I think Tesla is in a very very
strong position even outside robo taxi.
Austin41
says where do you go? Where do I go to
see what time you're coming on live? I
checked at 10 a.m. Pacific time
California but nothing. I know Austin
for very today I messed up. I was an
hour over an hour late because I was
traveling. I was coming back from a very
nice city actually from Copenhagen in
case you know where Copenhagen is.
Probably the best city ever. So
beautiful. But I was late. So um
but normally 10:00 a.m. that is the
right time. I try to keep it but uh we
were just bad at scheduling. We also
have like tremendous things coming on
pinlands.org.
I'm constantly delayed on this but it's
such a major operation. We are going to
redesign or we have redesigned pioneer
lens pioneer lens daily. Uh and it will
be more essay and deep
essay driven. So we will have on
politics on culture and of course on
investments.
Uh I think one of the coolest sites ever
where you see me and some other people
but mostly me in the beginning write
essays and essay series not too long.
you can read them very quickly but with
numbers with facts they look very nice
so we can actually make more cohesive
arguments than on video uh for those who
are interested in the future the future
of AGI Tesla SpaceX but also politics
and how we build that civilization where
we can actually deploy our capital that
we make here more effectively and can
protect us a little bit more.
Okay, what do we have? What about
anthropic muth model banned by USA?
Negative market sentiment on Monday
coming. No way. Cozy cozy zok. No, I
don't think that's bearish at all. I
think it's a marketing coup for
anthropic. Actually, I don't think it's
bad. Uh it's very clear when you read
David Sax's comments on this
uh that they are that the US government
is waiting for anthropic
to
uh actually just do some improvements of
their of their what's it called their
safety you know scaffold around fable or
mythos whatever you want to call it and
it's like you know the ball is in
anthropics court and I do think and you
know the whole drama it was Amazon
Amazon, AWS who leaked that they hacked
that jailbreak broke
Fable and they told the US government
after telling Muthos because Amazon is
an investor in Anthropic. But they
figured it out. The Amazon team cracked
this thing and said, "Dudes, it's not
safe. We can deploy this as a cyber
weapon." And then the US government gave
Enthroic 10 minutes to shut it down and
said, "You guys need to fix this and
prove it to us." That is the story that
happened. Uh David Sax outlined that
nicely. So I don't think it's bearish at
all. It's a longer discussion what it
all means. I need to do a dedicated
video and also a series hopefully on
Pioneer Lands because this actually goes
much deeper than you guys think. Much
deeper. Much deeper. This is a crazy
story. Great question because we need to
actually think through these things.
There's a lot to say about that.
Um,
Michael D. Bush, what do you think about
Stretch for Parking Cash? I I think
Micro Strategy is totally undervalued. I
think there's absolutely no risk right
now. And I think Stretch is good for
parking cash only that I don't want to
park cash. I want to invest my cash in
Tesla right now and some other things.
So, uh, yes, it's good for parking cash
and giving you probably very high
returns. Not just the 12% or 11%. But
also, Stretch is trading at what, 90?
That's nuts. It has to go back to 100.
What do you think about Toyota
announcing that they have a 1,100 mile
solid state battery? Austin 4? I'm not
concerned about any of these freaks.
These OEMs, they announced it's like BMW
announcing that they have a new
something little prototype or something
like they can't deliver these people.
All of these people, they can't deliver.
It's a problem for them.
Marty Party says, "Also, I saw that Ford
and GM are trying to get into the mega
pack business." Good luck for GM. The
mega pack business is all about
batteries, so good luck. Joe, do you
think Elon is holding back the full
launch of Cyber Cap on purpose to get
Tesla cheaper price? Well, that would be
highly illegal and piss everyone a lot
off. I don't think so to be totally
honest. I think Elon is just very busy.
He was very distracted with the SpaceX
IPO and SpaceX in general. That was very
important. He's distracted with AI. Uh I
do not think
I do not think that Elon thinks like
that because it would make his life way
too complicated and it's too dangerous.
Uh, Crest says, "I still have a couple
of buy limits in place if SP X dips a
little at any point." Very good. Well,
I'm all in Tesla and let's see. I I'm
very relaxed on SpaceX. I'm pretty I'm
pretty confident I get this cheaper and
I'm pretty confident it's a long way
before I really go into SpaceX. It's
probably going to be a year or something
or at least nine months. But when I go
into SpaceX, I will go hard because I
think SpaceX is
crazy.
I park my cash in Nvidia. So talk. Oh,
we didn't talk about Nvidia. No time
today about Nvidia. But Nvidia is the
best deal in the market right now. And
Nvidia is a perfect complement to Tesla.
Perfect complement because Tesla is the
hottest thing in town in terms of upside
potential, at least of the ones I
understand. While Nvidia is the safest
game in town in terms of downside
potential, which also has large upside
potential, but Nvidia can't drop much
more. It's ridiculous.
Joe, how many million euros should a man
have being 43 according to you to be
successful? I mean, what's your
realistic answer to that? Or do we speak
about hundreds of thousands instead?
Andreas Peterson.
Uh I assume you are somewhere in
Scandinavia.
Well, it depends on the country. In the
United States, you definitely need a few
million. In Europe, not so much. Uh it
really depends on the country what the
fair what the uh realistic target is. Um
also it doesn't matter. It's kind of the
it's also you should ask more where
should I be in five years? I'm always
forward looking on three years. Uh, and
what do I do with my money? That's the
important questions. Sweden. Beautiful.
Met brakia.
Um, in Sweden, I hope you have it all in
your ESK. The best thing ever invented.
Sweden is actually a secret tax haven of
insane proportions.
Sweden completely nailed this. It's
ridiculous.
Um, long story short, Sweden has
basically account a voluntary account
where you pay a wealth tax. You pay
0.88% roughly of your wealth. So, you
can put all your stocks and your bonds
if they're liquid liquidity traded and
of course your funds into that account,
transfer it in the account. The
government automatically takes roughly
0.8% a year of the entire thing out.
Takes it out. Automatic tax. But the
deal is you have to pay no other tax. So
if you make 30%, if you make 100% you
don't pay tax. That's nuts. And there is
no contribution limit. It's not like the
Roth IIA. You just can put in 10 million
bucks if you want. You can put in a 100
million bucks.
Olo Finquist says, "Joe, sorry, but you
seem to have misunderstood the inclusion
of SpaceX in the indices, the buying
pressure will rather start when you say
you think it will end."
So the way it works is once it gets
included in the index after that point
in time the funds that are these index
funds have to rebalance and they have
certain rebalancing
schedules but they can't be endlessly in
the future. So uh so Olaf is correct
that it's not when the inclusion in the
index happens the day that you know the
buying pressure starts but there's a
certain period after where the funds
that are connected to these indices have
to rebalance mean meaning they have to
then buy SpaceX. So that will happen in
the weeks after uh I don't have an exact
high resolution answer to that because
it's a lot of funds. So we have to look
at all the funds and when they actually
do that, but it's probably end of the
quarter, latest or within the quarter.
Um, so then you can do the math when
that happens.
Uh, Andreas says, "Yeah, I agree 100%
with you. My answer to that, I want to
be married with a Russian woman
and have one daughter and then I be
happy." That's very specific, Andress.
Why one? And why only a daughter? You
should have multiple. And Russian, why
Swedish women are very nice, but Russian
also good. I'm not going to I'm not
going to uh This is all good stuff. But
one is a little You should aim higher
than one.
Not one woman. One woman is fine. I'm
talking about the children.
Uh how will consumer auto insurance
involved with FSD going from supervised
to unsupervised?
Well, Hut Hudson Hut Hutsoy
uh we already know that. Look at
Lemonade. Look at how they reacted to
FSD. They will actually be cheaper
because now it's very very once you go
to unsupervised it's extremely easy to
do insurance because now you have
endless amounts of data. So that would
be very good.
Andreas says ESK tax 2025 was 1.065%.
Ouch. And it's calculated every quarter.
Yes. And they shift that rate depending
on some complicated formula. But I
didn't know it's 1%. That's pretty high.
Who tells me likes being women.
That's not true. I know very nice
Russian women. At least they were nice
to me for Who knows? Who knows? Uh I'm
not a woman expert, unfortunately. Who
knows they're going to do to you. You
never know.
But Russian women are not the Oh, I
actually heard I read like a survey or
something that Russian women Yeah, they
can be mean.
Marty says four to five new robo taxi
cities should be going online in the
next two weeks. This should boost Tesla
stock.
Yes. I just don't know if that's true,
Marty. I know that Tesla said that, but
can we rely on that?
Uh,
recent negative media outrage on Islan's
trillionaire status is interesting. I
can only imagine the drama that will
unfold if a merger does occur during
Trump administration. Oh my god. By the
way, I will we have to wrap it up for
today, but I tell you one last story
before I wrap it up. I had like a funny
experience with my ex because not my Now
if you think about women too much, I
talk about my ex account, not my ex. Um,
look at this. I posted this very, very
funny.
I didn't even think it was funny. I
posted this thing. Look, read this. This
is extremely This is a funny story. So,
I'm posting this post
on X because I had nothing to do and
thought I I'm going to do some German
humor here and basically said tax the
trillionaires.
I will read you the post. You can read
it yourself. But that's what I said. I
said tax the trillionaires because
everyone was talking about this. Here's
why.
And then I said, if California would tax
Elon 50% of his wealth, that would add
550 billion for the California budget
instead of going to Mars and build
infinity intelligence, which is useless
anyway because no one needs
intelligence. Duh.
Okay, you guys get it? And then I said,
this could make a huge difference for
Californians.
experts calculated that within five
years with these 550 billion the state
could buy two homeless people a bed
parenthesis shared then I said complete
one mile of high-speed train tracks and
then I said buy 50 million pre-signed
mailin ballots including on-time
delivery for the next two elections that
is why we need a trillionaire tax now
okay I hope You guys get it? Now you
connect the dots in your little brains.
Did I make a joke or did I make a policy
proposal? That is the big question.
Okay.
Yeah, Andreas, I'm I'm starting to tell
German jokes, but it went horribly
wrong. I followed your advice and now
I'm telling German jokes on X.
So, I made this little post. I don't
know about you guys, but when I would
read a when I read something like this,
I was like, maybe he's joking.
Maybe he's joking. Maybe I was joking,
saying with 500 550 billion, we can buy
two homeless people a bed that they have
to share and complete one mile of
highspeed train tracks, which is
optimistic in California maybe, and buy
50 million pre-signed mailin bullets to
cheat on the elections.
Maybe I was joking, but then this thing
totally blew up. Like I got I just
posted this on Friday. So less than 48
hours ago, I think I got 347,000 views,
which is a it's kind of a lot. You know,
nearly half a million views. And the
people hated. They were outraged. I got
so much hate. I got so much hate.
Yeah, I got so much hate.
Good try. He's not a resident of
California. I mean, you could try tax
Tesla. I never knew there were so many
idiots that believe that Elon has a
trillion dollars sitting around. Stop
trying to steal other people's money.
How about government stop spending on
crap? And so it goes, this is
disinformation.
Oh, he's talking about the ballots. Uh,
more class warfare retardation. if you
think Elon has a trillion dollars,
you're economically stupid.
And all these people said like, "You
damn call me. Go back to Europe and
stuff like that." So, it was highly
amusing. And then I was like, "Bro, I'm
just joking. I'm on your side. I don't
want to I don't want to tax Tesla." And
someone literally said, "I stopped
reading after 50%. These people need to
get locked up. Damn all these commies.
Shoot them." It's like, bro, they nearly
lynched me.
This is so bad.
Daniel Chedwick. I know it's very based.
Just a bad joke.
So bad.
I got murdered on X. Everyone hates me
now on X. Everyone thinks I'm Bernie's
assistant.
That's why he left. You ignorant prick.
Is so mean.
You have to read this. This is so bad. I
can
so bad. Joe, how can Elon allow Tesla to
rise if he knows SpaceX is going down?
Doesn't he need Tesla to stay down until
a merger is announced?
I know Joe at uh this is complicated. I
just think it's you know these things
can it's very hard to to plan this. So
it's kind of scary to think of the
results if votes did matter. All free
stuff for all. Votes are like a list for
sand. That's true.
New tasteless joke Joe. An English ship
was sinking and German ship came by.
Help. We are thinking. We are thinking.
Yul, what are you thinking about? Very
funny. Nordic man. No German jokes. This
is horrible.
Andreas also has a German joke.
My grandpa was part of planning the city
plans for Hanover 1944. Well, at least
he flew over Hanover. That sounds really
bad.
We can't make these jokes. I got your
joke, Seth Jones. Kind of obvious. Had a
good laugh. But yeah, people crazy.
They're so crazy. I mean, this was so
crazy.
Some people got it, but see, I got all
this. I got like thousands of comments
on this. It was like crazy.
here. Old man says, "You are a useless
walk, waste of human product. Where were
you when he worked day and night
so bad?
They're so mean to me."
He doesn't live there, you effing
Like, okay, you have to always read
posts complete. Like, it's not even a
long post.
is so bad. Like the vast majority of
these comments, I hate comments because
people thought I'm not joking. Can you
even Can you even imagine this?
Um,
I think it's totally funny. I lived in
LA for a long time and in Silicon
Valley, so I think it's funny. I mean,
LA is completely like insane what's
happening there.
Okay, guys. That's it for now. I think
we got we had some fun. We know what's
coming next week. Maybe. Let's see
what's happening. And um any PR is good
PR for me. I don't know. This this
scared me a little bit today. I was
like, "Oh, these people want to actually
lynch me now. They think I'm a call me.
So dangerous. You can't make too many
jokes." Um okay, very good. So, thank
you guys. I hope that was informative.
We continue tomorrow and next week I
guarantee you we're going to launch
Pioneer Land Daily and you will see some
cool stuff and then we you can tell me
what you think and we can iterate on
this.
When will you be online next time?
I'm definitely online next time uh at 10
a.m. California time on Sunday or 700
p.m. Central European time.
So 19 o'clock
uh
uh central European time on Sunday, but
I will probably be live during the week,
but this is more spontaneous.
No, Vlad Mate, I got hate from the
right-wingers. They thought I am a
comei.
They thought I actually want to tax
Elon.
I mean, it's it's unbelievable. So they
read this like, "Oh, he's a commie. He
wants to tax Elo." Like, "Bro, you have
to read." I mean, hello. Really?
Okay. Very good. So, see you very soon
and uh that was fun. Enjoy your Sunday
and see you next week.