Channel:     futureaza
Title:       Tesla Is Becoming The Ultimate Machine
URL:         https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gYv8xrEjL1g
Published:   2026-05-01 12:00 UTC
Fetched:     2026-05-01 13:00 UTC

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

During my trip to Los Angeles, I got to
go to Unplugged Performance, which I did
not realize is in the shadow of SpaceX's
Hawthorne facility. Not only did I get
to see the giant rocket parked in front
of SpaceX, which is out by the sidewalk.
Very cool, but I also got to see them
moving part of a Falcon booster tank.
Not sure what it was. Looked like part
of the header really, but I'm not sure.
It's very cool. I had to slow down and
wait for them to move it. But what an
awesome thing to see. If that's not in
the video itself, stay tuned until the
end because it will be. That footage
will be in there somewhere at some
point. And with that said, let's talk
about the most popular upfits, the
things that most people do to their
Teslas to make them better in one way or
another, and also what police
departments are doing. Uh, this is going
to be a great one. I hope you check it
out. Uh, let's do it. If you are looking
for performance, if you are looking to
have no gas or maybe a whole lot of gas
or maybe just uh, you know, catch the
bad guys, you want some good stuff,
Unplugged Performance has got it. I got
Ben here. I got Danny here and we're
going to talk about all the things that
you have that you that makes these cars
special that anyone can do to their car.
Well, maybe not anyone in the case of a
police cruiser. uh and find out uh what
you really need for your Tesla or other
car and what you definitely don't need.
I'm Brian. Welcome to Futurazza.
&gt;&gt; So, Ben, real quick, tell me what is the
company Unplugged Performance?
&gt;&gt; Well, we started 26 years ago, uh back
when the first Fast and Furious movie
came out with Japanese sports cars. In
2013, we bought an office building here
next to Tesla's design studio. We met
our neighbors. We started unplugged.
Now, what we have behind us is actually
a mix of both. We have some old school
Japanese stuff with Nar 34 Skyline GTR
to my left. And then also, we have the
evolution of that into our Pikes Peak
race car, dark helmet over here, which
won Pikes Peak. Uh, and then we have
police cars. So, the business continues
to evolve. The single thread through all
of it is adopting technology and making
awesome driving experiences. Back in the
day, technology was evolving heavily out
of Japan. When Tesla came in, they, you
know, just accelerated technology to
levels no one could imagine. So, we
shifted our focus towards adopting EV
tech, Tesla's tech, built up the
aftermarket for Teslas, then realized
the best police vehicle, it must be
electric because you save so much money.
It's so much safer. There's a laundry
list of reasons why it makes sense for
policing. And now we're involved in
everything from firet trucks, police
trucks, motorsports, comfort oriented
daily driven cars, and yes, we still
dabble in GTRS and Japanese stuff, too.
&gt;&gt; Sure.
&gt;&gt; So, if you want to go off-road like
someone like Tesla does, has done a lot
of with his Model Y.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; Could you help?
&gt;&gt; Absolutely. Yeah. Uh, he's one of many
Cybertruck clients. We've supported a
lot of off-road use for Cybertruck. And
in the case of Cybertruck, actually our
police Cybert trucks, off-road Cybert
trucks, they share a lot of the same
parts. So as we look at some of the
product catalog, you'll see a lot of
crossover because ruggedizing the
platform, making it more capable through
different environments often times does
translate to first responder utilization
as well.
&gt;&gt; But on a Model Y, if you want an extra
inch or two of clearance, that's
something you can do.
&gt;&gt; Absolutely. Yeah, we noticed for the
Model Y, some law enforcement uh will
scrape the bottom of the vehicles. We've
also found some markets like Mexico City
and others need, you know, stronger
wheels. So, we have really heavy duty
wheels that can't be broken. We have a
lift kit for the Model Y. We also have
off-road parts for the Model Y. There's
many ways to modify cars. Our background
is extensive across really all of them.
So, for the Model Y, we probably have
close to 10 different ways to modify the
suspension, ranging from race suspension
to luxury comfort suspension to lifted
suspension, uh, P police, uh, pursuit
rated suspension, all across the board.
&gt;&gt; So, if you want a race car, you can get
a race car type suspension. If you find
your pre-refresh Model Y a little too
bouncy, which everyone does, you can
soften it up, make it feel more, you
know, BMW or Mercedes style, would you
say?
&gt;&gt; That's actually probably one of the most
popular products from us is people who
have never modified a car. They love
their Model Y. They just wish it was a
little bit more compliant over bumps.
Uh, our luxury suspension is a fan
favorite. We ship them every day all day
long because it really revitalizes the
older Model Y's and makes them feel a
lot more important to the new Model Y.
&gt;&gt; Was the problem the weight? What was
going on with those?
&gt;&gt; You know, it's it's a laundry list of
things. I think if you take Tesla uh and
you know, Lars has commented on this a
bit, it has a lot to do with just the
rigidity of the suspension and then
being able to go softer with the spring
rates and with the damping based on
changing the chassis. There's a laundry
list of of details that all interconnect
on suspension, but for us, we were able
to through trial and error and a lot of
testing and adaptation, find the right
balance of valving and spring rate where
we kind of hit that cross-section
without having to redo all the bushings
of the chassis.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Because that would be, you know, a
pretty uh that'd be open heart surgery
at that point.
&gt;&gt; The whole point here is, you know, get a
car in in the morning, have it leave the
same day, and have it drive much better.
That's really the magic of the luxury
kit is it's noninvasive. You can take it
on, you can take it off, and it's
instantly noticeably different, and
that's why people love it.
&gt;&gt; So, one thing we're going to get to is
what are the dumbest uh worst ideas for
modifications. I have a few in mind that
they will tell me if I'm right or wrong,
but first, we got to talk about some of
the truly unique and special things
you've done. This car has won awards,
has won races, has traveled around uh to
be praised for what it's accomplished.
Tell me what this car is.
&gt;&gt; This is dark helmet.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; And when the Plaid came out, it had a
lot of accolades as far as being an
incredibly fast car, but it was
misunderstood as being a drag race car,
and we wanted to prove that it can win
on complex motorsports racetracks,
including Pikes Peak. So, we took the
plaid and modified it extensively uh and
won Pikes Peak with it. So, what we have
here is really the opposite of what we
were just talking about with the luxury
suspension for the Model Y. This is the
opposite. This is a market of maybe one.
Maybe we're the only ones crazy enough
to do this. Uh there are a couple other
plaid racers, but it's not a very common
thing. But if you love Tesla, you love
EV technology, this is a way to showcase
why EVs are fundamentally better. And we
compete with this vehicle in unlimited
class. Unlimited class means we compete
against LMP4 race cars, open wheel race
cars, two frame chassis, gasoline
powered cars with a 1000 horsepower. And
we do it in a car that has factory
firmware, technically has FSD, although
I wouldn't want to try it with this body
kit.
&gt;&gt; This is pretty expensive.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, it's not really the use case for
FSD, but this car is factory power,
factory firmware, and wins against
everything with no excuses.
&gt;&gt; Two tons of downforce. Tons of
downforce. This one
&gt;&gt; two tons.
&gt;&gt; Yes. Literally 4,000 lbs of downforce.
You are correct. Uh two tons of
downforce, which is ridiculous. Uh but
for a heavy car, everything's ridiculous
by the numbers. 19 by13inch wide wheels
front and back. 350 wide tires front and
back. And on this one, we were invasive
on the suspension. We got rid of
everything. This has our own uh Olins's
TTX four-way adjustable coilovers. Air
suspension is gone. All the suspension
arms are changed. All the bushings are
changed. Uh, it has air jacks built in,
which is super cool. This is a proper
race car setup. This is not something
that comes in and leaves the same day.
This is a serious motorsports car that
happens to be factory firmware.
&gt;&gt; And when you get something like this on
Pikes Peak, how many feet of elevation
are we talking? It's like a mile.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, it's like 14,000.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. And the other the gas cars are
wheezing because the fuel injection
can't regulate quick enough.
&gt;&gt; Everybody's suffering in their own way.
There's no one who's not suffering a
pike speak. The gasoline powered cars
have major tuning issues with elevation.
EVs don't have tuning issues, but EVs
have strategy around battery pack heat
and drivetrain heat. So, there's still
&gt;&gt; How do you mitigate the heat?
&gt;&gt; You can only do so much with factory
firmware because the car tries to
protect itself because this thing is
still under battery pack warranty.
There's not a there's not a box I can
check where I can say, "I don't care
about the limits. Give me one run and I
don't care.
&gt;&gt; I would love to." So, it's it's a
combination. There are, you know, a
couple things you can do, but a lot of
it is just practice simulation driver
approach. You know, coasting in, trying
to be mindful of how you're deploying
power. Um, you really only see the 100%
performance of this car in qualifying
and in the first few minutes. So, for
Pikes Peak, I think there's about 70
cars in total. Every year we ran this,
we were in the top 15 of every category
for qualifying, which shows just how
fast it is. We were uh basically within
a second of the Porsche 935, which is a
couple million dollar Porsche
motorsports car with a 5,000lb
&gt;&gt; plaid.
&gt;&gt; Um so it it does really well till it
gets hot and then it still does very
well, but but the heat is still uh the
one weakness on the on the platform.
&gt;&gt; Well, as much as we love looking at your
pretty face, we got to ask Danny some
questions. I've got questions about
about the patrol.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, let's talk about it.
&gt;&gt; Now, the biggest thing, of course, is
everyone hates curbing their wheels. If
only there was a solution. Is there?
&gt;&gt; Yeah, there we've got multiple solutions
here at Unplugged Performance. Both in
our road warrior wheels. It's a forged
aluminum wheel, high strength, low
weight, um basically indestructible,
&gt;&gt; curb proof.
&gt;&gt; But uh we developed that actually out of
the program that uh from our police
wheel here, which is overengineered to
the point of of uh indestructibility on
the consumer side. And you know, as a
police vehicle, you're not so much
worried about curbing the wheels cuz
they're not really parking so much. But
if you have to roll a curb to chase
someone through a park or something like
that, or you know, you hit a curb stop
in a parking lot cuz you're chasing
someone or something like that, you
don't want to have to pull out of that
chase because you bent a rim, cracked a
rim, and flattened your tire. So, uh,
that's where our forged aluminum police
wheels come in. And
&gt;&gt; those are aluminum.
&gt;&gt; Yes, forged aluminum.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. The interesting point is Danny,
how many replacement wheels have we
served law enforcement?
&gt;&gt; Oh, yeah.
&gt;&gt; A big fat zero. No
&gt;&gt; managed to damage a wheel despite
intentionally driving over curbs, which
most consumers hopefully are not doing
every day, but law enforcement they do.
&gt;&gt; And we've seen some videos, there's
probably one playing right now of
intentional uh uh attempts to abuse the
wheels unsuccessfully. And then on the
Road Warrior, you've got a sacrificial
band.
&gt;&gt; So, we we have a couple different
variants of the Road Warrior. I can let
Ben speak more to this, but uh but we
have the Road Warrior forged and we have
Road Warrior Flowformed as well.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. The the key the key thing and I
think most people thought we were nuts
when we did it was we've launched the
wheel with the lifetime guarantee where
you can't damage it, which I've never
seen anyone do.
&gt;&gt; Uh and it sounds like a really bad idea
and we would have only done it because
law enforcement couldn't manage to
damage the wheels that those were based
on, which are these.
&gt;&gt; So, we're doing it
&gt;&gt; all day, every day, no damage. And you
know, so far we've been shipping Road
Warriors for I don't know, 6 months or
longer.
&gt;&gt; Still, the only stories we hear people
destroy their tires on the wheels fine,
which is always kind of funny to see
that happen. The pothole knocks the tire
out, but the wheels still good.
&gt;&gt; Um, you know, our money's behind it for
life because we know how over how
overbuilt it is. It also, these don't
have the benefit of the Road Warrior
Arrow. This actually is designed to look
like a steely. So, it that's why I was
so surprised.
&gt;&gt; It's an old school design with new
school technology. It's a forge wheel
that looks like a steel wheel. The Road
Warrior is designed to be extremely
aerodynamic. It kind of has an
integrated aerodyisk. And what's
beautiful about that is almost a couple
times a week we see someone online
saying how much range they're saving. So
it ends up being a wheel that not only
is indestructible, not only has that,
you know, oopsy protection with the curb
guard that pops on and off whenever you
want it, but actually will give you some
range back. So that's kind of the the
magic scenario is luxury suspension for
the Model Y and Road Warriors. And then
you have like the best indestructible
car you could have.
&gt;&gt; So on the on the patrol cars, we've got
the advantage of it fuels. The fuel is
cheaper because it doesn't idle all day.
&gt;&gt; Absolutely.
&gt;&gt; The center of gravity is low. You've, I
assume, jacked it up a little bit for
most departments.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, some departments. Some some choose
to go with it as is and
&gt;&gt; and they're fine. It's Yeah, they they
know their needs and what kind of
terrain they're going over. This one is
standard height, by the way.
&gt;&gt; This one is standard height. And um how
popular are these right now? Are they
picking up or are they slowing down?
&gt;&gt; Oh, they're picking up. I mean,
especially with uh the current surge in
in gas prices, we've been busier than
ever at this point. Uh you know, we're
building hundreds of Cybertruck patrol
vehicles right now, as well as a whole
bunch of Model Y that we're getting out
there.
&gt;&gt; Wow.
&gt;&gt; And uh because it doesn't idle all day,
that's just great. Um, for pit
maneuvers, how's it perform?
&gt;&gt; Yeah, just like any other car, you got
this uh crash bumper up front with the
fender wraps here. Yeah.
&gt;&gt; I mean, it's, you know, the physics of
that impact are going to dictate uh who
wins and who loses in in that. But, uh,
&gt;&gt; but you've got a bit of weight and a low
center of gravity. Yep.
&gt;&gt; That's all going to help.
&gt;&gt; Yep.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Also, in our experience talking
with law enforcement, chases just end a
lot faster because people get
demoralized trying to get away from
these cars and not gaining an inch.
&gt;&gt; You know, when when when you're trying
to get away and it's on your ass the
whole time, you kind of just quit early.
We've seen that a lot. We also host a
lot of EVOC training events. Uh Danny's
doing another one, I think, in a week or
so. And that's extremely enlightening
for law enforcement to see their
existing Ford Explorers and such side by
side with the Model Y and the Cybert
trucks. The driving dynamics are just
anyone who's driven a Tesla understands
it's night and day different as far as
low center of gravity, no body roll,
instant torque.
&gt;&gt; And do they get to drive them?
&gt;&gt; Absolutely. That's the whole point. We
want them to experience that once once
you sit in the seat and you drive it
butts and seats, it's very easy to
understand.
&gt;&gt; And what are they typically doing? Long
range, all you know, performance.
&gt;&gt; So, you know, we we actually have a mix.
Uh the the majority of departments out
there are doing the all-wheel drive and
now they have the choice between the
premium all-wheel drive with the
ventilated seats and the hea air filter
and the uh you know about 10% or so more
range than the the the standard
all-wheel drive trim. But the standard
all-wheel drive trim has brought the
vehicle price down and is very suitable
for law enforcement. So uh we're we're
seeing some of those orders now as well.
And I think given that that only came
out what uh less than two months ago.
Yeah, less than two months ago. It's a
little too early just in the purchase
cycle to really give you a percentage
breakdown of what will be what. But I I
think that over time with these two
premium and standard trims available
both in the all-wheel and rear wheel
drive, we'll see I I think a majority of
them trending toward the the standard
because it's very suitable for for law
enforcement applications. And if it
saves that extra uh 7K between the
standard and premium all-wheel drive
trims, it's, you know, it's just even
more of a no-brainer decision after you
consider all the fuel savings and the
longevity.
&gt;&gt; You buy enough of them, you start
getting free ones.
&gt;&gt; Exactly.
&gt;&gt; We've also we've also put some cost
calculators up online. We have a new
tool coming up next week that just makes
it night and day obvious. At this point,
if you're law enforcement, you'd be
going against your own wallet, not
buying a Tesla because they pay for
themselves so rapidly.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. And do you want safety or not? I
mean, these are very safe cars. So, uh,
a question uh that I have and first I'm
going to ask it to you guys is what of
the things we've talked about, what is
the best modification you think and what
is your guess on the worst modification?
Do you ever have people come to you and
say, "Hey, I want to do this." And you
say, "Really?"
So, one of the benefits of our business
is that we primarily install only our
products. So we don't get put into those
scenarios where we're being asked to put
something that we don't believe on a
vehicle. There are certainly a lot of
products that make the cars
definably tangibly worse, but even then
I can't say that's the wrong choice
because if you really like something,
&gt;&gt; even if it's extremely inconvenient and
gives the car worse range and makes the
car perform worse, if you like it, it's
still the right choice for you. So I
can't I can't knock someone for doing
what they like. I can argue on facts and
I can say we wouldn't build it because
it makes the car drive worse or have
worse range or whatever.
&gt;&gt; How about anything that goes on with
glue or or sticky tape cuz you'll see
people add trim around the edge of the
cameras or or
&gt;&gt; the rear quarter panel window. Yeah, the
vents. Yeah, the vent things. You know,
I'll actually be counterintuitive and
I'll advocate for sticky tape. Okay. Um,
3M VHB has a tremendous stick rating and
we actually use it for motorsport
spoilers as well. Not for the giant
wings on Dark Helmet, but for example,
our trunk lift spoilers that we have on
Red Rocket that Ryan Torres has, for
example. Uh, some of those components
are 3 MVHB. You need to have a really
good seal to it. But the hold rate is
something like 400 lb of of grip if it's
done correctly. You have to know what
you're doing. You have to have the right
equipment. Um, but yeah, full surface
contact 3MVHB actually is a better
approach than mechanical attachment for
some parts. Sometimes we use both
depending on the part.
&gt;&gt; Mhm.
&gt;&gt; I'll I'll give you one that uh that I'm
not a big fan of just for fun. Uh the
the big eyelashes on the front lights.
Yeah. Not not a fan.
&gt;&gt; Sorry, Kelly. Uh she of course uh I
don't know if she still has the Model Y,
but it did have those. Made it easy to
find for
&gt;&gt; It's cute. It's just not for me. It's
you know there there is one that I think
I would say definably is a bad idea. I I
try to Turo Teslas when I travel for
events and I turoed a Model 3 and they
had some kind of stick on sharp emblem
on the airbag and I kept thinking if the
airbag goes off this is going to take me
out. Like you don't put stuff on the
airbag. I would say that's probably the
one thing I can say with certainty is
not good. If eyelashes are your thing go
for it. But
&gt;&gt; if you have healing crystals, they're
not going to heal you if they're affixed
to the airbag in the case of an
accident.
&gt;&gt; Uh, what do you think of all the people
doing like the scissor doors and the,
&gt;&gt; you know, it's not for me, but if it
makes them happy, go for it. Like I I
come from a background where if every
car is the same, it's kind of bland.
Like I like the fact that Tesla makes a
million plus Model Y, but we get to make
them different. It's a boring world if
everyone had to have the same thing.
&gt;&gt; But, you know, what I like is different
than what someone else likes. My point
of view is I want to actually know the
cars better and make something that
tangibly is better. I not sure there's
an argument that Lambo doors are are
better for anything. But, you know, if
if it makes you happy, go for it.
Doesn't hurt anybody.
&gt;&gt; I wanted to I I was given a LED rainbow
colored uh plug-in USB for my car.
&gt;&gt; And I told the boys, I'll just give it
to a viewer. I have no use for it. And
they put it in and they love it. So, it
stays fine.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. It's all about loving your car and
having fun with it because someday
people aren't going to be buying cars.
And right now we're at a point in time
where people get to buy them, modify
them, enjoy them, and we're getting into
this robo taxi world where there's going
to be less and less of that. I like
people owning their cars and having fun
with them. That's where I come from.
&gt;&gt; And and my thought on you know the
people who lower the car or cuz like a
comfort upgrade, you don't have to tell
the next buyer if you don't want to.
They won't notice unless you tell them.
if it's but if you're doing something
like lowering your car, look, are you is
it an investment or is it something you
spend a lot of time in?
&gt;&gt; And by the way, lowering your car
actually is one of the best ways to get
you more efficiency and more range. So,
if you're doing long road trips, a 1 in
drop is actually a really good thing.
&gt;&gt; Wow. How much savings do you think that
would?
&gt;&gt; It's somewhere in the neighborhood of I
want to say 7 to 10% range. That's
massive.
&gt;&gt; It's It's pretty good. I mean, it
measures out based on the drop. We have
data published before where we did it
with a two inch drop, a one and a half,
and I think a one. Uh it just it just
reduces the coefficient of drag the
further down you go on height. Um you
have to adjust alignment as well.
Exactly. Exactly. So, and that's also
why, you know, we end up raising Model
Y's for law enforcement. Sometimes Tesla
likes them at this height because they
get get good range.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; There's always a sweet spot. Like if
Tesla could sell it on the ground, they
would, but people would complain that it
was scraping. But but you'd gain another
15 miles range or whatever.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Well, in all of the prior Model S
and X and even in the Cybertruck now
with the air suspension.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Automatically lowers at highway
speeds to to conserve that. But on a
police vehicle to raise that up an inch,
if they're not on the highway all the
time and they're patrolling a city or
something like that, they don't care as
much because that effect is is less. Uh
yeah. So, it depends on where you live.
If you're in Southern California, great
weather, I think a 1 in drop is great.
If you're in a place with roads and, you
know,
&gt;&gt; where you've got 4 in of snow,
&gt;&gt; maybe you raise it an inch. Yeah.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Yeah. Uh, so my last question will
be, what are the most popular? You said
the comfort upgrade on suspension is a
popular one. What other than, you know,
the police ones because
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Not not everyone can do that, but
everyone should.
&gt;&gt; Well, yeah. What are the most popular
things people are doing? Uh, the Road
Warrior wheel is a no-brainer. It's the
last wheel you ever need to buy. People
are cracking their factory wheels and
other wheels out there.
&gt;&gt; I did. Yep. I
&gt;&gt; Oh, did you?
&gt;&gt; I bent my Danny was an inspiration.
&gt;&gt; My bent one is right inside and I I can
show you, but I got Road Warrior wheels
on my Model 3.
&gt;&gt; So, yeah, I I'd say the Road Warrior
wheels are really a no-brainer. Uh, you
gain efficiency, you gain confidence
that you basically can't break the
wheel. The luxury suspension, those are
top two. Then we have a lot on
suspension arms to correct camber for
Model S, X, 3, and Y where you can get
better tire wear. So camber arm
adjustments are one that we do a lot of.
Uh sway bars are one of these things
where you just instantly feel it. The
car is just sharper on response and it's
a quick inexpensive modification. We do
a lot of sway bars.
&gt;&gt; Um and then it gets into all these
different niche categories. A Cybert
truck. People love our steel components.
So we do a lot of bullbars and, you
know, sideestep rockers and steel
bumpers. a lot of wheels across the
board for a cybert truck. Uh, you know,
we have probably close to a thousand
products at this point. So, the answer
becomes pretty long. Yeah.
&gt;&gt; But for almost everyone, Road Warriors
and Luxury Suspension are you can't go
wrong. Can't miss.
&gt;&gt; And here you all do you do wraps here?
&gt;&gt; We do.
&gt;&gt; So, they also do wraps. Get it all done
at once if you want. Uh, what anything
else you do that we should mention?
&gt;&gt; Oh, boy. We do pretty much everything
with Tesla and with wheels. Um, you
know, for your audience, we ship around
the world. So, you don't have to be in
LA to work with us.
&gt;&gt; I think my buddy in Washington, Scott,
&gt;&gt; yeah,
&gt;&gt; had his shipped and installed locally.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, it's super fun for us to see
customer stories all over the place. Uh,
most of really almost every modification
we have can be done by any mechanic
shop. There's a lot of confusion
thinking you have to have
&gt;&gt; an unplug performance special.
&gt;&gt; Like, it's just basic tools. Like, we're
not we're not trying to make anyone do
anything crazy welding stuff
&gt;&gt; to each of their own. And is there any
way you're making them faster other than
lowering them?
&gt;&gt; Yeah. So, uh, people oftentimes
misconrue fast with horsepower. We are
not, we're not adding horsepower. The
cars actually have a lot of power, but
also Tesla's real secret sauce for
anyone who owns a Tesla is the fact that
you get these upgrades that make the car
better. Uh, we don't want to mess with
that. That's kind of untouchable. But to
make a car faster, what you really need
to do is have better grip, better
suspension, better brakes. And our cars
are definably faster on any racetrack
that we measure. uh by many seconds
faster in fact.
&gt;&gt; So if you want to have a faster car, our
suspension package, wheel tire package,
brake package will gain you depending on
your racetrack sometimes upwards of 8
seconds or more a lap. Big difference.
&gt;&gt; And I would say that when they say
brakes and tires are important, I point
out are they? Because you're going to
stop eventually, right? I mean
&gt;&gt; hopefully not into a wall.
&gt;&gt; Well, you stopped. That's what we're
going for here. So a huge thanks to uh
Ben and to Danny from Unplugged
Performance. Uh, links in the
description, of course. What did I miss?
What did I misunderstand? Leave it. It
is required. Mandatory comments today.
I'm sorry. I don't make the rules. I
just enforce them. And everybody else,
stay tuned. Stay juicy. And I cannot
wait to hear from you clever robots
perhaps at the next big event.