Channel:     futureaza
Title:       Tesla & Space X Next Trillion Dollar Opportunity Is Taking Shape
URL:         https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mEtQD2yQmIg
Published:   2026-06-05 12:00 UTC
Fetched:     2026-06-05 13:00 UTC

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Tesla is a terrible investment. That's
what I've heard since the early days
when I bought some. And of course, it's
done uh pretty well for me since 2019.
But those voices do not stop shrieking
it as if they know better than the
entire market. Well, now they're saying
the only thing worse [music] than
Tesla's stock is SpaceX stock. SpaceX
AI. What are you talking about? What a
terrible idea. Who on earth would invest
in it? What do these companies even do?
And now you're talking about doing both
at the same time. Perhaps [music] at
least in terms of joint ventures, which
we're going to go into. This is the
worst idea I've ever heard. How dare
people make so much money off something
I don't personally believe in. Uh but uh
you know who does share some of my views
is Herbert from Brighter. He's here to
uh drop some knowledge bombs on us
[music] and help us understand and make
sense of this mad mad world in which we
live. I'm Brian. Welcome to Futurza.
&gt;&gt; Oh, my intros. Herbert. Is legendary too
big of a word? Maybe. [laughter]
Maybe.
&gt;&gt; They're good.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. So, uh, Essie Robinson Jr. went
ahead and posted this. Terra Fab Wit
LLC, a purchasing company that shares a
physical address of XAI in PaloAlto. So,
it's not XAI, you guys. It's a It's a
witt common practice to avoid
competitors buying up all the land
around you and driving up your price. It
bought 3,000 acres in Grimes County,
Texas around the Gibbons Creek Reservoir
area. This area is for the 55 billion
perhaps 119 billion SpaceX AAI
multi-phase next-gen vertically
integrated semiconductor manufacturing
and advanced computing fabrication
facility. A catchy name, but what do
they do? Part of [snorts] the SpaceX
reinvestment zone number one. So the
land acquisition, this is so tell me
what we're talking about here. What is
this?
&gt;&gt; Well, Terraab. Yeah. So this is uh the
the the big terraab facility. They're
already starting to find the locations.
Elon said about a couple weeks ago, he
said that we have several locations in
mind. This is still going to go to
public hearings. And so maybe the public
will say we don't want this in our
backyard. No. And uh they'll have to
find someplace else. that this is a a
company associated with SpaceX that is
buying this uh in Gigafactory
Giga Texas. Tesla's responsible for the
research facility and they're they're
already got that going on and working
already. That is the research facility.
This is going to be the joint project
between Tesla and SpaceX to build chips.
This is going to make I don't know how
many but just millions and millions and
millions of these chips for future human
robots, autonomous uh you know
autonomous products, cars, but also data
centers. Um they're already moving
forward. This is a sign that this isn't
just ideas on the page, but they're
really moving fast. Now, I still don't
expect that Terrafile will be in
production for years, maybe three plus
years, but you have to buy the place
first. select the area and they've done
that.
&gt;&gt; Well, uh why would Tesla build a battery
factory in Nevada? You know, it's going
to take years to produce meaningful
numbers and by then uh you know, you
could just buy them. Uh that turned out
to work uh the way Elon saw it working,
which was that nobody was going to ramp
batteries fast enough. We need the
supply. We need the control.
&gt;&gt; We're going to invest in it. This is a
joint venture. SpaceX AI needs the
chips. Tesla needs the chips. They both
have a bit of money waiting in reserve
that they can use. Um, and once you back
out the tremendous costs associated with
building this AI, both companies have
money have revenue to uh put into
something like this. The only reason it
appears they don't is because they are
putting money into this and that money
has to come from somewhere.
&gt;&gt; [snorts]
&gt;&gt; So, when you're looking at a project
like this, you're not expecting
something to happen immediately, but at
least you can see the path. Uh, is this
is it going to work?
I don't know if it's going to work.
Honestly, this is one of the hardest
businesses to ever get in. Years ago, I
continued to ask people, "What's the
chances that Tesla will get into uh
chips, building their own chips?" And
the answer by everybody I've asked was
zero chance, right? TSMC,
uh, these guys, you know, make them
themselves at this point. Make and it's
like, you know, it it is the hardest
business ever. Everything has to be, uh,
you know, you have to wear your bunny
suits, right? Sterile. You're making
tiny little margins. All those kind of
things. It took them decades to create
this. But Tesla decides Elon decides
we're going to do this because it is
there's no choice right in his mind if
he calculates out how many human or
robots he expects to produce. And I
suspect it's not just going to be human
or robots. It's going to be any kind of
device you can think of and you put a
chip in it and it has a camera and it
becomes intelligent and it can move.
It's going to be incredible. And in
fact, I think that they're going to do
even uh you know their personal devices,
right? like a necklace, a watch, a
&gt;&gt; glasses. I think they're going to go in
that route as well, especially with
mobile connectivity. Then, of course,
all the cars that he needs. Calculates
it, figures out, I don't have enough. I
need to make my own. Get started today.
Now, what's the chances for them to do
this, you know, to build it? It's very
low. This is a very, this is, like I
keep saying, it's the hardest thing
ever. Now, the way Elon thinks though,
he removes steps. And I had a viewer one
time ask Grock, you know, early on if
Tesla decided to do Terraab, how
difficult is it to do this? And what
Grock answered, and again, you don't
know how accurate this is, but Grock
said that there's a lot of places you
can cut out of the steps that TSMC when
they, you know, they took them decades
to get where they're at. They have a lot
of legacy steps that they do not need
anymore, but they did it. They're still
doing it because of
&gt;&gt; the way that it where they're at now
sunk cost of what they're at at this
point.
&gt;&gt; And you can already hear Elon saying to
you one of the hints he just gave right
in a recent podcast. He said that uh I
will make you a bet. He said I will bet
that I can eat a burger in the facility.
meaning to say he instead of making the
entire facility sterile
um to actually just do it where the pro
where the chips are moving and and keep
that uh enclosed so you don't need to do
the whole facility you don't need to
wear bunny suits if he kind of does that
then and I don't I think they're going
to do lithography as well but I've I've
seen other analysis says maybe you can
skip that step I don't know but that
could be like an example of something
that Elon does and then two Elon's goal
goal. Terrafab's goal is very clear,
right? It's these chips that are
inference that are very optimized for
the end device, the bot, the car, the AI
data centers. And uh there's two kinds
that they're going to create. But that
should mean that he can cut a lot of
things that these chips like if you're
selling to CMC, you're selling to
anybody in the world for all sorts of
use cases, it's going to be generalized.
There's a lot of things you need to put
in there just in case that customer
needs it, but that customer needs
something else. Tesla's creating a
primarily for themselves. The big
question would be, is Tesla gonna sell
it? And I bet you that there's a
potential that they could sell it too,
just like they they create the data
centers for themselves and then when
they don't need it yet, they sell the
extra that they create. And so I I do
think that they will, but it's very very
optimized for a new use case, which is
end device inference. Um and Elon is now
the king of chips. He knows what it's
all about. He's creating his own AI5
chips and now they're heading this
direction. So I think um you know
anybody else I'd say it's a very low
chance. Now the partnership with Intel
is is a big deal because now that
Terrafab is partnered with Intel that
brings in decades of experience that
then reduces the chance of failure. But
this still this I would not I would not
just automatically say that this is a
done deal.
&gt;&gt; So you'll recall you and I were at the
shareholder meeting where our Pacific
Northwest group friend Ryan Rogue who uh
runs the Tesla owners club of Southwest
Washington got up and asked chips chips
chips and Elon said yep we're going to
do it. We're in. You may recall I was
deeply skeptical because cutting edge
chips are very difficult. entire nations
have struggled to do it. There were two
pieces missing as I saw it. The
lithography which they were able to
secure and the second being a partner
who actually knows how to build them.
And I had a lot of people get very angry
with me because how dare I pretend to
know better than Elon? Well, these are
chips. These are you got to get I mean
this is just very difficult and uh you
know well Grock will design it.
[snorts] No,
&gt;&gt; Grock. I mean,
Grock isn't isn't quite a do everything
thing yet. Uh, it's gotten very good.
Uh, I do have frustrations when Grock is
great. You when was the Magna Carta?
Okay, you the Gro is very good at that,
but when you ask it to speculate, it
just it it's just speculating. It's it's
somewhat qualified. It might be an
interesting answer, but it doesn't mean
it's necessarily correct. So, that was
encouraging. to your point that it can
be a lighter chip. I want it like you
said, a general purpose trip chip needs
to do all 10 things. This one only needs
to do three. Let's optimize for that.
Let's do them really well. It's going to
save money. It's going to save power.
And a question I have for you, because
we've talked about this before, but not
from this perspective, is if you make
enough of them, you can, you know, share
them. But are you going to sell them or
are you going to rent them? Are you
going to keep the compute in house and
say, "Yeah, we've got the inference."
Um, we're not going to give you the
chips, though. We'll just give you the
service. Which direction do you think
they'd go?
&gt;&gt; I think he'd rent them. Uh, I don't
think that Tesla is Elon is in the in
the in the chip selling business, right?
&gt;&gt; He he does things. When you ask him, why
did he do things? I asked them on stage
and I asked them why did you decide to
do chips?
Because I said because because they made
that decision in 2012 when they were
like, you know, early on when they were
already building AI 1 and AI 2 and AI 3
and eventually AI 4, right? Hardware
one, hardware two that they create their
own chips. And I said, did you foresee
that you would need chips when AI, you
know, when when we're here now, not only
for the cars, but for the human robots
and AI data centers? Was that luck or
was that some sort of And he said
neither. He said the answer was that I
was forced to do it because at the time
his choice was either to buy it from
Nvidia or to make himself and he
realized that Nvidia's chips were too
general purpose and he needed something
very very specific for inference for the
car and he was forced to build it. So he
only does things when he forced. Now
once you build something just like the
AI you know the supercomputers that he
then created you've got extra capacity
I'll rent that out. but when I need it,
I want to hear. And that's what he just
said two days ago. He said that to be
very clear, the anthropic deal that
they're selling it out, they're renting
it out for $1.25 billion per month.
Elon, I myself put in a clause that says
this is a short-term deal. I can get out
and anytime within 90 days, either party
can get out. But I decided to do that in
case I need it.
&gt;&gt; Right? So, I don't think he's thinking
in his head, I'm making these things so
I can sell it and I'm going to become
like an Nvidia. Now, he's going, I need
this many chips and if I can make as
many human or robots as possible, I'm
going to need everything I make, but if
I can't, if I'm not yet ready to it,
I'll go ahead. I don't think he'll sell
them. I think he will put into AI data
centers. And well, now there's two
kinds, right? Because there there is the
ones made for space. You can't just take
the one that you create for your human
robots and put it into space. there's
there's kind that you need to create.
So,
&gt;&gt; there's a a lot of opportunity and I
think selling as exciting as it is to
make a thousand or a few thousand
dollars on a product with a very low
marginal cost, it's more exciting to
make a hundred bucks a month off it uh
forever. Uh and not forever, but
certainly for years. And uh good news is
that of course we've already got enough
uh compute uh for the world. we'll never
need to build anymore. Uh we've got
enough memory, enough RAM. Uh the
compute world is done. And there are
people who believe that.
&gt;&gt; So if uh so SpaceX AI is a company that
has most of the world's launch capacity
that has uh one of the leading if not
the leading AI engines uh and it's got
uh you know social media, it's got a
number of things.
I think it has tremendous value. Uh but
if you uh wake up with Morning Star or
Wood, I would say that uh Morning Star
says it's way overvalued. It's le worth
less than half. And rather than just not
buying it, we're going to tell all of
you to not buy it to try and make our
premonition come true. Uh what do you
make of this?
&gt;&gt; Well, first of all, I do I think it's
great. I did read through the Morning
Star report. I think I got through 25%.
I didn't read the whole thing. I thought
it was very well written, well thought
out, and there's nothing wrong with
somebody having an opinion and research
and having their their their thoughts
that is this overvalued to what they
think is, you know, not enough revenue
at the same time. So,
I'm happy that they put together the
report. Uh I myself have been
interviewing Aaron Bernett of Mach 33
and and Larry Goldberg who are both
experts in space. Mach 33 is the
organization that does deep dive
modeling of SpaceX business models and
their revenue streams from each of their
businesses and he's done much deeper
dives than these guys did. What these
guys have told me is that and what's
shown me in their numbers is that
Starlink is as big as robo taxi and at
the same time as revenue. So for people
who say that SpaceX revenue is poultry
today and that it's going to take years
that the SpaceX story is, you know, 5
years or longer because you have to wait
for AI data centers which won't even,
you know, be in production until 2028.
you have to wait till moon base is in a
city in a moon city which is like a
decade away. Uh no that's not true.
Starlink is existing today. The success
of Starship shows you that it might
actually happen sooner than later and
that Starlink itself is bigger than
these guys think. Right? So
a and it's going to be direct to mobile
and it's going to be so you know and
then and then this comes back to what I
said earlier like I personally believe
that Tesla SpaceX will probably create
either Tesla or SpaceX will create these
devices and so how many chips do you
need? You don't have enough. Terrafab
won't be able to be enough even though
it's already 10 times what is available
today. uh because every device will need
a chip
&gt;&gt; and then that they will create any like
all sorts of devices, all sorts of bots,
bot form factors. You know how Elon
always says C3PO but he always says
R2-D2s.
&gt;&gt; Mhm.
&gt;&gt; It's not just going to be humanoids.
There's going to be, you know, all sorts
of form factors of bots. Every one of
them will need chips. So yeah, SpaceX's
uh revenue and by the way SpaceX revenue
is maybe not as high as Tesla's robo
taxi revenue-wise, but margin is going
to be equal.
&gt;&gt; And so if you take a look at if you look
doing it based on profit so it's just a
matter of you know who do you believe
and which one is easier or harder to get
to. And so you know that's the big
debate is SpaceX worth it. If you have
to wait five years then maybe the stock
price might fall during that period of
waiting. That's very possible,
&gt;&gt; right? And that's the trick with an IPO.
I had a friend who I said, "Boy, if you
bought Google at the IPO, it would now
be at this." And he said, "Yeah, but
everyone knew that." I said, "That's not
how it works. If everyone knew it, that
would have been the price at the time."
Uh, it went up. I go, "Did you buy it?"
He goes, "Well, no." I go, "But everyone
knew and you knew, so why? Come on." And
uh, I said, "What about Meta? If you'd
have bought the IPO of Meta, you would
have been underwater for a long time
because there were so many uh employees
who were no longer locked up. They could
actually finally get some of their
cajillion dollars. And boy, did they do
that with fervor. [snorts] So, uh, yeah,
there's what will SpaceX valuation be a
week after the IPO? I think that's an
interesting question, but I'm not ready
to guess. Uh, different than IPO is my
guess. higher, lower, uh, probably,
yeah, one of those. So, it's
not up to me to care. When you look at
it and say, "Yeah, but Starlink lost 600
million last year." Well, yes, but
that's because they're not global yet.
That's because there's still most
markets to unlock. That's because most
airlines and ships have yet to complete
the adoption or even start it. This is
just getting started. Am I missing
something on just Starlink?
&gt;&gt; What do you mean? Are you missing
something on just
&gt;&gt; But I I I mean it only looking at the
Starlink division. Am I missing
something? Because it's still expanding.
The existing satellites can handle far
more customers.
&gt;&gt; We just have to get to them. the the the
uh the growth that that's taken to get
to Starlink where it is today. What 10
million users at this point and uh it
bandwidth with the Starship V3
successful
&gt;&gt; and then them launch starting to launch
uh Starlink V3 V3
can do everything that we have now per
year. Mhm. [clears throat]
&gt;&gt; So this is a 10x growth in capability
because each of the V3s have a wider
bandwidth and has everything is um
faster, everything's better so that they
can accomplish and get more customers
and more coverage.
&gt;&gt; So we we're just going to 10x it just
now as they roll this out. So, and like
each month they'll be rolling out what
you know I I can't remember the numbers
now, but it's it's it's it's a lot
higher than people are expecting with
the current version. Now, each uh of the
new Starlink satellites will have
substantially more capacity. Starship
can launch substantially more of them in
a single shot. And a Starship launch
costs substantially less than a Falcon 9
one, which sounds counterintuitive based
on the capacity and the size, but on uh
Falcon 9, the upper stage is disposable,
expendable, chucked into the sea. Um, so
the only Chuck C I like is Chuck Cook
out of Florida, who gives us all our FSD
wisdom of the unprotected lefthand turn.
[snorts] Uh Herbert, is there anything
I'm missing on the SpaceX AI valuation
that we should consider?
&gt;&gt; It is that debate of when do you see the
revenue growing and do you believe that
star like the revenue for SpaceX AI is
years and years away or is it sooner
than you realize? I think that's the
story
&gt;&gt; and so if you you should dig into it and
decide whether or not Starlink is equal
to the robo taxi uh opportunity and is
AI data centers equal to robot
opportunity
and then you got the enterprise AI. So I
think that we should keep an eye out of
what happens with macroart. If macroart
comes out in the next several months, we
should start seeing it. You know,
because it grock build is another name,
which is their compute capability, their
ability to to compete against anthropics
cla
to be significantly, you know, as good
as the others, has to keep an eye out.
The one question I'm asking everybody
today that I'm most interested and have
no answers for is is Elon's theory his
thesis is that macro hard is going to
beat everyone else because of vision
only
&gt;&gt; is there truth to that which means to
say that everyone else anthropic open AI
they need to create APIs so if you're a
company in Australia let's say you're a
I don't know oil and gas company in
Australia and you have a software that
your employees use, your workers use,
right? They come in and they use they
take off their their gloves and they're
like punching in all these uh for
anthropic and a uh and and uh open AAI
to do this. They need to create an API
to that. But according to Elon with
macroard, it would just visually look at
the screen just like a human would and
understand the buttons and be able to
then control the screen using that. And
because of ees Tesla's lead in vision
only compute AI AI that's their their
gamble.
&gt;&gt; I'm going to assign I'm going to assign
macro hard in my valuation model zero
because I don't care.
&gt;&gt; You can't you can't how can you how can
you do that?
&gt;&gt; Because I don't care. Because I don't
care. Because
&gt;&gt; why would you not care? Because here
SpaceX
&gt;&gt; TAM is 26.5
trillion. because it's not real today.
&gt;&gt; When it becomes real, I'll give it
evaluation. All these other things I can
see. I understand. But the software
thing, we've been hearing about that for
a year or so. Uh
&gt;&gt; it is real. I mean, I'm I'm watching I'm
watching Cloud Code. I'm seeing uh
codecs and they are real. They're
already working really well and they're
controlling computer screens and
computers with aentic AI.
&gt;&gt; Aent
&gt;&gt; But I'm not assigning it any value. Not
today. I have to the value has to be
apparent and I don't see it. I see
rockets. I see satellites. I see grock
in cars, out of cars. Uh let's stick
with that. Uh let's stick with that. Uh
let Macro hard be a startup within the
company. I'm not worried about it. I'm
not going to but I'm not going to pull a
a morning star and uh and tell you, you
know what, subtract a trillion dollars.
Ah, nonsense. Guys, what do we miss?
What do we misunderstand? Beats me.
Leave it in them comments below.
Everyone else, like, subscribe, do what
you do. Stay tuned. Stay juicy. And I
cannot wait to hear from you clever
robots over on Brighter with Herbert,
where I typically get a chance to go in
and see what the comments are, at least
on the videos that I'm in. M fun.