Channel:     brighterwithherbert
Title:       Tesla's Week: FSD Approved, SpaceX IPO Drops
URL:         https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kyFV-9XbUXU
Published:   2026-04-21 19:05 UTC
Fetched:     2026-04-21 20:00 UTC

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Several important events for Tesla
investors to report today. First, the
robo taxi tracker is now reporting there
are two unsupervised robo taxis in
Dallas and two in Houston. This makes
the total unsupervised to be 17. At
least that's how many have been spotted.
Tesla vice president of AI Ashok
Kaliswami said, "You're unequivocally
safer using FSD. That shows you the
confidence." Second, we're getting a lot
of good signs from several European
countries about potentially approving
FSE supervised. Italy's Ministry of
Transport apparently formally requested
to fasttrack Tesla FSE supervised
approval. Spain said Tesla currently has
30 vehicles testing on the roads with
nearly 80,000 kilometers driven so far
with zero incidents. and a very positive
review from mainstream media outlet
Independent, who said full self-driving
Teslas are now in Europe, and he highly
recommends everyone to try it. You might
just like it," he said. Third, Uber just
disclosed an 11.5% stake in Lucid. Uber
made a commitment to buy at least 35,000
Lucid vehicles to be part of their robo
taxi service. This makes absolutely zero
sense. And finally, SpaceX kicked off
its IPO road show, giving major mutual
and pension funds their own private
briefing. The prospectus apparently
reveals SpaceX healthy cash balance
revenue and a target market cap of 1.75
trillion. We'll share the details.
Joining me today is Joe Bacti. He's an
economist, investor, and tech
entrepreneur. He has a YouTube channel
covering both Tesla and AGI. Check out
his website and community at
pioneerlands.org.
Welcome, Joe.
&gt;&gt; Good to be back.
&gt;&gt; Uh, lots of news to share just over the
last 24 hours. You've got uh the
unsupervised robo taxis we launched uh
over the weekend, but now there are two
in Dallas and two in Houston. That's
been identified at least spotted. That
makes the total fleet to be 611
cumulative cars. That includes the
inactive. You have 17 unsupervised.
Um and you can see this is kind of flat
here, but this is the big numbers two
and two. This is uh both Houston, so
this been validated that's the case. And
of course, we're still continuing to see
Tesla's robo taxis to be much cheaper
than Ubers's and even Whimos. So, what's
your what's your thinking about uh that
new development?
Well, I think it is extremely
significant when you combine that with
the cyber cap roll out where we see Joe
Techm constantly showing more cyber caps
being produced and rolled out across
America like they're shipped all over
the place and you know that cyber caps
are not designed to be driven by people.
So that in combination with these
unlocks of these two very major
metropolitan areas in Texas and the
United States, Dallas, I mean Houston I
think is number three after LA and uh
New York in terms of size before Chicago
and Dallas is also enormous. So the fact
that we are now entering these cities is
number one very important but second
that they're unsupervised and let that
sink in. That is very interesting and it
just tells me that you know one of the
biggest mistakes that people make and I
always advised against that making that
mistake is that you're looking at Tesla
and they're getting delayed and delayed
and delayed and not getting the job done
with FSD and robo taxi and from that you
think in analogies and think well if
they didn't launch it the last 12 months
or the last five years they can also not
launch it in the coming 12 months. That
is a huge mistake because we all know at
some point they're going to launch it
and so you have to think a little bit
more fundamentally like could it be that
point now where they launch it and I
think the answer is very unequiv
equivocally yes and that means we now
have to prepare that at any moment we
could scale that is very important for
the stock but we have to understand
there is that repricing potential and it
increases with every single month every
single week now that it happens And so
I'm watching like a hawk these these
signs because there will be the moment
where we just see tens of thousands of
these things rolling out. I think this
moment is closer than people think and
catching that moment is the key for the
stock.
&gt;&gt; Okay. Uh Joe, some people the the Tessus
and the bears what they will say is yeah
first of all it was just one. Okay.
Yeah, now it's two. Or now they'll say
oh well they're just trying to set it up
prior to the earnings call. This is just
all for show. they did this before. They
just want to show that they did
something and then they'll pull them and
they're not real. Roll out. What's your
answer to that?
&gt;&gt; Well, it's like building a moon base and
then you build the moon base and they
say that's just one. It's just for show.
It's like, well, if you can build a moon
base for show, that's still impressive.
If you can have a robo taxi without a
driver in Houston, then make it two the
day after and then one in Dallas and
then two. Like, okay, maybe it's just
for a show, but it's a pretty impressive
show. And
And if you can if you can do that, why
what what stops you from doing 10,000
for a show? I don't care if it's for
show. I care how many it is and how fast
they roll out.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, good good answer. Okay. Uh you
just used the word unequivocally and so
did Ashra Kaliswami. He said you are
unequivocally safer after FSD. Tesla AI
girl shared this video and uh she was
just using 14.2.2.5
the older version. Let's watch the
video.
Think there's that kid
in the bike, I guess.
Yeah,
the kid wasn't even looking and it was
starting to drive. Oh. Oh, there you go.
Did you see that?
&gt;&gt; Yes.
&gt;&gt; I mean I mean it just happens. It just
happens those kind of things. And he he
wasn't trying to do it and it happened
and then u but the car was pretty safe.
So she said this on the way home
yesterday. A kid on his bike who was
distracted by a cell phone yeah kid on a
cell phone distracted drivers lost
control and swerved in front of my
vehicle. As you'll see spotted him
early, was cautious upon seeing him and
came to complete stop preventing every
parent's nightmare. So this is uh great.
&gt;&gt; I'm bullish on whoever built that car.
I'm not bullish on the kid, but
let's hope for the kid there are more
Teslas around it in the future.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, this is uh this is what the story
is, isn't it? The safety story is the
most important thing. You've always
said, does it work or doesn't work? And
the the data we've seen, small numbers,
but the data we've seen with Tesla's uh
supervised or unsupervised, sorry, just
the total robo taxi service in general
is zero. zero in the last month, zero
incidents at all. So, it is now safer
than humans. Uh, and we'll see if that's
the case.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. And I covered that in a video. I
think we're getting into that.
&gt;&gt; Uh, that safety is actually the central
central driver for fast adoption.
&gt;&gt; And we can discuss it more in its time.
But, uh, I always said that that's very
important for sales like for policy
adoption because it turns around that
narrative. Oh, it's a new technology.
Oh, policy makers are so slow that will
take forever to be allowed. The opposite
is true because and way more way does a
great job on their lobbying side making
that point. It's like it works the other
way around. Every day you don't approve
that the blood of thousands of people's
people are on your hands as a regulator.
They understand that. So that is why
this will be happen will be happening
actually faster than people think. It's
not a normal technology. It just takes
time. even if it works to get rolled
out. This is a technology where every
day you don't roll it out, people die.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. So, you're you're you did a show
and you said that um you think that
Tesla's robo taxi will will be approved
by regulators faster than most people
think.
&gt;&gt; Yes. Because it it turns into that
regulatory and political forcing
function. Once you're proven, you have
the data out, the lobbyists from Tesla
and Whimo and others can make that point
saying you can't just sit this out
because your citizens are dying and
there's no good argument against it
because the numbers are clear
&gt;&gt; and so that will create pressure for
adoption. that that is seems to be the
case and uh when when m multiple
countries have already approved it but
not only approved it but they spent
years
uh you know testing it very detailed
like the Netherlands did then it becomes
hard for others to say well we still got
to test it too you know here here's
mainstream media review from independent
they tried out Tesla's FSD in the
Netherlands and I just want to show you
the headline here can you believe this
you a positive headline. Full
self-driving Teslas are now in Europe
and I've driven one. And what he said is
this. Uh, the car behaved impeccably and
is so simple to use. What's most
remarkable is how unremarkable it is at
all is. The car accelerates with
confidence. Not super speedy, but a very
natural acceleration and it corners
smoothly. The car will overtake when it
needs to. I was always checking the
mirrors just in case. And on occasions,
it even swapped lanes approaching
traffic lights when it spotted an
advantage to be had. just as I would.
And around the busy streets of the city
center, the car's ability to spot every
single hazard and react accordingly was
hugely impressive. Had I not been using
FSE, I may have been a little more
strident in squeezing between
pedestrians and cycles, but the
impeccably mannered Model Y always gave
these more vulnerable road users the
benefit of the doubt. So, uh, just in
general, he said, "I'd highly recommend
that you just give it a go." And I say
the same about electric cars. Try it.
You must just like it. It's a very
positive review. Is that great?
&gt;&gt; I know. I mean, I don't want to be a
conspiracy theorist, but sometimes I
wonder what happened in Europe. Why is
everyone suddenly so positive on Tesla?
&gt;&gt; It's a little weird.
&gt;&gt; I because they were all Tesla haters
last year and now suddenly they're all
positive. It's feels a little weird. I
mean, good for us, but uh sometimes I
wonder because
why?
Like of course we know why Tesla is
great but uh it was also great last
year. So
&gt;&gt; maybe just the political thing going
away but that wouldn't explain why they
flip positive would explain that they're
less negative. So I don't know what's
going on but it's good news all over the
place and the media suddenly is very
friendly.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Well, yeah. Like you said earlier,
like if if it is so proven, what can you
I you know what? I'm sorry. We've seen
people who will say that complete stupid
things reality now. They can be negative
forever. Look at Doom.
&gt;&gt; So this is Italy. Look what Italy's
Ministry of Infrastructure and Transport
said. Apparently they he's they've
formally requested fasttracking Tesla's
FSE supervised approval requested uh
request forwarded directly to the
transport department and Italian road
authority formal community petition
channeled through government mechanism
to accelerate timeline. Italy would join
Netherlands and Spain in active European
FSE supervised deployment. If approved,
Italy becomes the fourth EU market with
FSE supervised, adding 16 million
population to Tesla's European autonomy
footprint.
&gt;&gt; I mean, when I look at these news,
&gt;&gt; I said this repeatedly
&gt;&gt; that I never considered regulatory
approval any kind of hurdle or even
friction. And I was more, you know,
lonely on that side of opinion. Uh, but
I always said it's all about does it
work or not? Even if some country would
be difficult h you can roll that out in
so many US states without any regulatory
hurdles uh that I always said you can
you can deploy hundreds of thousands or
millions of robo taxes even if all these
countries would not do it and on top of
it I also believe there is a forcing
function for everyone to adopt it very
fast and that is why all always comes
back when you look at stock and try to
predict when things happen it comes down
to the technology when can they scale?
And that's why this is all good news. I
don't want to discount the good news,
but I'm not surprised at all. I am
watching Texas. That's where we need to
watch out for when do they actually
deploy at scale. That is all that
matters. And then Europe will follow
right away.
&gt;&gt; That's what I think.
&gt;&gt; Maybe there will be discussions by some
analysts or something. Oh, fine. They
deployed 100,000 taxes, but now it's
going to stop. That's just dumb talk,
right? This is not how it works. Europe
will not be a hurdle at all. And now we
see the first indications.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, it's it's it's so slow. It's a lot
more delayed than what we saw for
approval of you know even just testing
in the US and even China was ahead. Now
once they make that decision it seems to
be cross knock on wood here it might go
sooner and faster. Also people have to
understand like of course everyone likes
to bash Europe and there are many bad
things about the European Union and
everything but Europe is just the
highest by an enormous distance the
highest developed area in the world. So
that means you know the I mean go to
Germany go to Sweden or something look
at the roads this is everything is
perfectly organized. So once you have
greener, you can also saturate the whole
country very quickly. Whereas the United
States, you know how it is. This is like
the wild west. Like you don't know
what's going on in Idaho if you're in
New York. Like so Europe is more like a
switch, right? Once you have it on, it's
very easy to penetrate the whole thing.
uh I I heard recently that uh the actual
meeting is on May 5th where the EU is
going to the member states are going to
listen to the Netherlands report in May
5th and apparently according to Roland
Percher they actually increased the time
from 20 minutes to a whole 60-minute
session for them to have a chance to
explain everything and then the actual
vote might happen in the end of June. So
this
&gt;&gt; I'm not going to hold my breath for this
but it could happen by the end of June.
I I'm not too pessimistic on this whole
thing. Uh of course I you know my
opinion I for me it's not a big deal.
Whatever happens if it doesn't happen it
will happen soon after. If it happens
well whatever.
&gt;&gt; Uh I am just looking at deployments I
want to see and that will happen in
Texas first. It's all about Texas. If
they can deploy thousands of these
things unsupervised it's just game over.
That's what I think.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Okay. That's what we're still
waiting for. Yeah, when
&gt;&gt; when it happens. Yeah. Here's Spain.
This is very interesting from Spain. So,
a letter was written to Spain and then
they replied back and what they said in
that letter back was uh Tesla currently
has 30 vehicles testing on the road in
the country with FSE supervised. With
nearly 50,000 miles or 80,000 kilometers
driven so far by these vehicles since
November 2025, there's been zero
reported incidents to date. We believe
we certainly believe that the RDW
decision can provide new potential
opportunities to improve mobility and
benefit citizens as a first step towards
automated vehicles becoming a reality in
the EU as is happening in other regions
of the world. So this reply back while
of course it doesn't say much it doesn't
say like yeah we approve it or anything
like that but it's very very positive in
what it said. Here is the translated
response that uh Barcelona Geek got from
Spain's DGT, their version of RDW.
And uh you can read it. Basically,
that's the key part.
Unbelievable. Isn't that great? All of a
sudden, very positive.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, it is.
It is.
So yeah, there might be also like of
course AI is a huge topic in the
European Union. There's a lot of debate
that Europe is losing the race and
everything. So you know there's a lot of
attention on this whole topic on self
FST but also data centers.
Uh there's a big thing going on in
Finland. They're building a lot of data
centers there. In Germany totally sucks
because they don't have electricity and
stuff. So there's a lot of debate, very
high level debate about AI and I think
that fits just straight on. So I think
that the sentiment in Europe is lots of
pressure on the European Union. Citizens
are very unhappy with everything. Uh
they look like losers and so I think
there's pressure on approving these
things in general. Everything AI related
future related needs to happen.
&gt;&gt; So let's see.
&gt;&gt; Okay. So it's better to have positive
responses than negative. We don't know
if it's going to be approved or not.
Never underestimate their legislation
and you know, red, blue tape, red tape,
whatever it is.
Anything can happen. Uh, but so you said
earlier that it it's it's great if it
happens, but it doesn't it's not a big
deal for you. What matters is what
happens in the US and specifically
Texas.
&gt;&gt; I always said that, you know, the I
don't expect anyone to be a big problem.
Not Japan, not China, not the Europe,
not the United States.
But even if someone is a problem, you
have to see like this is a global
rollout. This is a transformative high
attention technology. Everyone knows
about it. So everyone will put pressure
on it. And if you are the one who
doesn't do it, you look very stupid.
&gt;&gt; That's true for every state in the
United States. It's true for every
country in the EU or the EU in total.
It's definitely true for China. It's
true for Japan. So no one can just not
do it if the others start doing it. And
so that's why I was always very bullish
on regulatory approval with the US
leading and the US being very kind of uh
you know the patchwork effect that you
have states that just do it and then
other states have to follow. So as long
as the first domino can fall like in
earnest with tens of thousands of robo
taxes, it's just game over. And the
Middle East of course is going to do it.
So you can't just not do it. It's too
high profile and once a domino falls
it's game over. So it's all about the
domino which is Texas.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Once once it's become obvious that
it's it's going to be approved by many
many countries across all over the world
and then it becomes like okay what are
we doing? It looks you're going to look
really stupid and not only look stupid
but you're going to be falling behind in
your economy safety. uh your own
citizens will get upset with you
&gt;&gt; and of it like yeah you will fall behind
you look stupid but on top of it it's
also turbocharged with the AI discussion
right if you already under pressure oh
we're losing the AI race everyone says
it all day long it's top priority for
the European Commission and for every
state in the United States and in China
&gt;&gt; and then comes a key AI technology and
US playing stupid is just not going to
be good
&gt;&gt; I remember conver uh discussions I used
to have with a lot of people and they
would say regulation is just not going
to happen not in 5 to 10 in years or
longer and I said I just don't see that
that's the reason because there will
always be many states will put their
hands up first says look I'll test it
out first and there'll be plenty of
states uh cities that will do that first
and then the others will say no but
plenty will say yes and as it gets
rolled out there like you said domino
effect at that point so there's no it's
not something you have to be worried
about as opposed to you're telling me
that 100% of all cities and all states
will say no to this technology.
That's not likely if it doesn't work if
there's some sort of you know
&gt;&gt; that's why it's very important that we
have our shows and discuss these because
it's very important if you're interested
in stocks right in Tesla repricing all
these things to predict the future
accurately and I think one of the
biggest mistakes predicting the future
is to assume the future is like the
past. So there were no robo taxis,
therefore they cannot be robo taxes in
the future.
&gt;&gt; That's obviously a mistake. And it's
also dangerous because you're completely
misjudging the hockey stick effect. Like
once this thing works, it can be very
fast. It can be millions of these things
within a couple of years. like mill
people and I think no one really gets
this like if this starts scaling in
earnest in 2026 by 2028
&gt;&gt; there could be millions yeah
&gt;&gt; millions of these things
&gt;&gt; it'll be approved everywhere okay we'll
see if that happens that'll be very
exciting uh let's talk Uber
I have no idea what they're doing um
here's what they did they announced that
they're spending a lot of money first of
all they changed their strategy
announced that last week where they said
that they were now going to buy cars.
Thank goodness they made that decision
because for so long I kept saying I
don't understand your marketplace
strategy but you should be buying cars.
I thought they should be buying Teslas
now, but instead they are buying Lucids,
Rivians,
uh, other cars. And so here they've
disclosed that they have an 11.5% stake
in Lucid, part of Lucid's $300 million
capital raise on April 14th. Uber
increased its purchase commitment to buy
at least 35,000 Lucid vehicles. And I
don't know, I mean, like, okay, we'll
take the Lucids, but guess what? they
still need to add all of the, you know,
add-ons to make it a real thing.
I mean, well,
first of all, I think Uber is a very
smart company. They are wellrun. They
understand the innovation principle. So,
I don't think they make major mistakes.
Now when it comes to why would they buy
Lucids and not
&gt;&gt; Xbanks or something I think you get
&gt;&gt; well they are they are buying um Chinese
cars
&gt;&gt; but I think Lucids and
&gt;&gt; Zakers right uh that's also smart so I
think uh when you look at Uber I think
everything they're doing actually makes
total sense that doesn't mean they win
they probably lose but it makes sense
let me explain why number one why are
they buying Rivians and Lucids when they
could buy more zakers. I think they're
hedging their bets. They're buying all
of them and you get very good deals,
right? If you go to Lucid, if you go to
a company that's totally underwater,
they will sell these things extremely
cheap to you because they have to show
to their investors, look, there's demand
and stuff like that. So, you get them
absolutely under production cost, like
way like half of the production costs. I
bet these 35,000 that probably cost
80,000 to produce and they get it for
40,000. So that it's not as stupid as it
looks like because the deal is probably
insanely good because these are venture
funded money losing things. Number two,
why are they not doing Tesla? Well,
that's very easy to explain in my
opinion because Tesla, why would they do
it? They will tell Uber, well, you can
buy Teslas. Sure. Will we give you FSD?
I mean, maybe. Sure. Maybe. That's
already a discussion. Maybe Tesla just
says no because Uber is just a complete
competitor. Or Tesla's going to tell
them something that makes completely no
sense for Uber. They're saying, "You
sure? We we sell you 30,000 Teslas, but
once FSD is here, we just flip the
button, you're dead." So, they are just
complete competitors. They can't do
anything with Teslas. Teslas is like the
last thing they need because Tesla is
the greatest threat and Tesla will kill
them. So, I think Uber does the right
thing. They're hedging their bets.
They're spreading their bets. They
understand Tesla is just the problem for
them. They can't do anything with it. Uh
and they know there are some very bad
times coming for them. So, I mean, if
you're in the if you put yourself into
the CEO of Uber shoes, like what are you
going to do? Probably similar things.
&gt;&gt; Okay. I I kind of follow along except
Okay, so this is the way I was thinking
about it.
&gt;&gt; Prior to the strategy change, the pivot
that they did last week, which is before
last week, they were not buying cars.
Now they're buying cars. Okay,
&gt;&gt; prior to not buying cars, which I always
said they should be buying cars. Prior
to buy not buying cars, I can get why.
All the interviews has always been, have
you guys partnered with Tesla and you
know the CEO Dar would say we reached
out. We want to partner with them but
they haven't talked to us and they said
no. Well, why? Well, Tesla doesn't want
to partner with Uber. If you are a
marketplace and you want us to be just
one, that's not their case. But if Uber
is going to start buying cars, I can see
Tesla saying, "Yeah, you can buy a
cars." Because Tesla is uh already said
Elon many times that he wants fleet
managers, you buy the cars, you take
care of the cars, you manage them like
shepherds
and we'll we'll sell them to any any
large company who wants to buy a bunch
of them to manage them, go ahead and do
it. So this is the part where I go okay
if you are now going to start buying
cars now he has said we already own a
lot of Teslas or more accurately a lot
of my drivers have Teslas already
&gt;&gt; and then they did a leasing program with
them
&gt;&gt; problem is a little bit what's the deal
what about self-driving what about robo
taxis what's the strategy if you have
Teslas because then you're really you
have a problem as Uber you're like well
what's the strategy now we have to
accept robo taxi
as a technological solution but what's
the like we are just completely screwed
at that point
&gt;&gt; like we can't
&gt;&gt; I mean their strategy has been we have
25 partners
we'll partner with anybody who lives uh
if you have you claim you have an
autonomous car and you have a robo taxi
we'll go and do it and so they are
willing to have multiple partners
they'll have Whimo but then they'll have
Teslas that's why won't you buy it and
now that you're buying a bunch of cars
go buy a bunch of Tesla Well, I
understand where they're coming from.
It's Tesla is a completely different
animal. Like Whimo is absolutely at the
mercy of Uber, whereas Uber is
absolutely at the mercy of Tesla.
&gt;&gt; So, sure, I want you self-driving
technology. If I'm the boss, I can
dictate the margins. I can dictate
everything. Once you handle Tesla, once
you deal with Tesla, you're just screwed
because you can't do anything
&gt;&gt; because Tesla can at any moment say,
"No, we don't like it. We don't like the
deal. You take our margin and you can't
do anything because Tesla has millions
of users. They have the app all over the
place. They're just a hardcore
competitor that can knock you dead. And
how are you going to compete against
Tesla with Teslas? You can't.
&gt;&gt; So I I think what's happening is yeah, I
agree with you, bro. I would not partner
with Tesla.
&gt;&gt; I I think that Tesla's not selling cars
yet, and so they can't announce that
they bought a bunch of cars. And so like
you're saying, they're just hedging
their bets. Okay, we'll buy a bunch of
Lucids. We'll buy a bunch of Rivians.
We'll buy a bunch of Zikers. And then
&gt;&gt; I mean, it's kind of, you know, it's a
war. This competition. It's like, oh,
you want to attack that country and
there's this other country that also
wants to attack you. And then at the
moment, it's just three times bigger
than you and says, oh, why don't you buy
our tanks to attack them? It's like, I
know because I know what happens next.
So,
I only have one shot and my only shot is
to bet that I can compete with Tesla.
and I completely undermine my strategic
position by partnering with Tesla. I'm
just dead. So I think and that's
correct. So if I was Uber, I would not
partner with Tesla.
&gt;&gt; He said he's willing to partner with
Tesla. He's verbally said, "I wish they
were talking to me."
&gt;&gt; Um, okay.
&gt;&gt; Well, it's a mutual thing. Like Tesla
probably says, "Well, you can partner
with us in the sense of buy cyber caps
and manage them." But Uber is of course
going to say, "No, you have to cut your
margin in half, blah, blah, blah." And
Tesla says, "Good luck.
Yeah.
&gt;&gt; So I think it's just a battle forming
here and I know who's going to win.
&gt;&gt; SpaceX. Uh so this is uh coming out now
that the IPO the prospectus is being
shared privately. Uh and uh the article
here says that Musk and insiders to
retain voting control of SpaceX after
the IPO. So we already knew this nothing
new here. SpaceX plans a dual class
share structure, which they already
have, giving Tesla CEO Elon Musk and
insiders 10 times voting power versus
public investors. Target valuation has
been rumored. It's supposed to be 1.75
trillion with a $75 billion raise,
potentially the largest IPO ever. And
then they shared some data. The
financial shows $25 billion of cash, $92
billion of assets, Starlink profits
funding heavy AI spending. Um, so
they've started to do their IPO kind of
a road show and they're uh inviting
mutual funds, major mutual funds and
pension funds for private briefings and
then they go to Book Chica launch
grounds and they show them the
operations. The group will head to
Memphis to get a firsthand look at the
Colossus data center of course the Macro
herd project because it's not not just
space anymore. This is all about AI too.
Uh so yeah do dual clan structure the it
says here that the um the cash reserves
exceeded 11 billion end of 2024 but now
it's at 22 billion and end of 2025 the
total assets of 92 billion and total
liabilities of 50 billion. So they're
they're looking good. Their revenue went
to 4 billion and that's the argument.
It's like, yeah, your revenue now is
still kind of small for 1.75 trillion,
but it's all about that's Starlink and
it's all about what will happen in the
future.
Yeah.
I mean, the funny thing is about SpaceX
that you get for free like ASI included
in the package like Crock. Yeah, I
always totally discounted like, yeah,
whatever. Of course, you also get ASI,
but uh like when you think about it,
that's kind of a big deal. I mean, uh
you know, open AI and anthropic, they
are valued at a trillion each now
roughly,
&gt;&gt; right?
&gt;&gt; And uh so here you're getting the
biggest business model of all time,
which is SpaceX, space AI, data centers,
and energy plus the little bonus that
you actually have a frontier model in
there. I always totally forget about
macro hardener frontier model but this
is of course a ridiculously large thing
even though they're behind right let's
not discount claude and anthropic I mean
these people and now open AI has just
launched their new chpd thing so uh but
to SpaceX I think I yeah I also covered
that and we will go into that more on my
channel in terms of space analysis
what's going on there but uh they need
money they need money because they need
to start extreme free mass manufacturing
of Starship. That's also something, you
know, when you run the math, people are
wrong on a bunch of things here. They're
wrong on how fast these space data
centers will happen. They will happen at
scale in 2028. That's my prediction. I'm
talking gigawatt scale.
&gt;&gt; Uh, and by 2029, everything will go to
space. Like the entire global buildout
will not be global anymore. It will be
in space. And there will be a monopoly
on this. Like, let that sink in. a
monopoly on
&gt;&gt; Blue Origin just was able to do a
landing yesterday, so two days ago.
&gt;&gt; Well, they need at a minimum. They need
an at the absolute minimum. They need
another five years to be able to do
anything. And by that point, I mean,
they they will be absolutely propped up
because humanity needs a number two,
right? You don't want to be solely
dependent on the entire future of
humanity on Elon Musk. You want to be
dependent on Elon Musk. 90% and 10% on
Jeff Bezos. That's the future. So they
will succeed. But they will need at
least five years, maybe seven years
before they can actually do that. And in
the meantime, we need starships. And
when you run the math, you literally
need unlimited starships by 2028. Like
I'm with unlimited I mean you need to
take all the money you can get hundreds
of billions of dollars and pour it into
manufacturing lines to produce tens of
thousands of these starships and you
have to do it now because it's
&gt;&gt; can you imagine
&gt;&gt; look at the look at the bottlenecks and
this all comes together it's these it's
two things it's energy and chips that's
why you need terra that's why you need
AI5 now like next year at massive scale
and that's why you need infinite amounts
of Starships and all of that is in no
way future pie in the sky stuff. It's
all now like literally now at the moment
Starship works which is sometime in Q3
Q4 you need unlimited of them which is
like nuts and then there is no no end. I
mean I sound a little crazy with this
but just think it through. There is no
limit to the compute we need. There is
massive bottlenecks on chips and on
energy. Both are now solved with Tesla
and SpaceX and it's just infinite.
&gt;&gt; 29 believe that I'm saying that but it's
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; Not even Elon can believe it. Like you
could tell like how did this happen?
&gt;&gt; He said that he said it unbelievable.
&gt;&gt; Crazy.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; Crazy.
&gt;&gt; It's crazy, isn't it? Timeline. The
timeline is here. We're we're talking
about building millions and tens of
millions of humanoid robots,
&gt;&gt; chips, data centers in space, a moon
base,
&gt;&gt; self cars,
&gt;&gt; you know, Dyosphere. He's already
playing out the Dyson sphere like 10, 20
years from now, 30 years.
&gt;&gt; And side effects outside Tesla and
SpaceX, which is anthropic and openi
like super intelligence. Like you can
see like look at and look at look what
you're doing and I'm doing with the
agents
&gt;&gt; every week this gets re like it's insane
now plot design by the way crazy stuff
and it's and Elon is at the Elon has
created some insane vortex where he owns
all chips and all energy like just this
is insane.
&gt;&gt; Thank you very much. Appreciate it.
Great conversation. Lots of things
happened in just in the last 24 hours.
Appreciate your feedback there, Joe.
Check them out at pionerlands.org.
Thanks, everybody. Thank you. I've
created a website that is the most
comprehensive resource for the Tesla
investor. Please check it out. Simply go
to my website at herbert.com.