Channel:     investingagainstthegrain
Title:       After Thursdays Market Sell Off What's Next? And What about $TSLA ?
URL:         https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ec-DMpATEko
Published:   2026-07-06 01:47 UTC
Fetched:     2026-07-06 03:00 UTC

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

What the hell happened on Thursday? We
get great economic numbers, great jobs
numbers, and the market tanks. We get
amazing Tesla delivery numbers, and the
stock tanks. What the hell is going on?
Is this the start of something we should
be concerned about? Are the bears
finally going to be right, or is this
just more noise and no signal? We got a
lot to discuss. Also, what just happened
in Miami? Why did I just get out of the
car from Miami? Let's get into it.
&gt;&gt; You're crazy.
Cheers. This is going to be a different
episode. I got beer instead of bourbon,
in case you're wondering. This is a hazy
IPA. Cheers. We'll kick the bourbon to
the side. And we just got back from
Miami. We literally just got out of the
car and I rushed over here to hop on and
record this for you guys. So, yes, I'm
tired. My thoughts are a little bit
scattered, but I think we're going to
deliver a good episode regardless. So,
we need to start with the elephant in
the room. What's the elephant in the
room? Why was Nick in Miami? No. When's
the next crash course? The next options
crash course is in August. If you want
to sign up, use the link down below.
They fill up fast. It'll probably filled
up in the next week, week and a half.
So, do it now before it gets filled up
so I don't get messages later saying,
"Nick, can you please slot me in for
August?" Please sign up now. Also, if
you want to do the zero day course, same
thing. I set that one up for the end of
August, so you can join that as well.
And the big news, the big news with
regards to investing against the grain,
we have officially launched the
investing against the grain journal, the
I a journal. This is a journal that
helps you track and monitor all of your
trades, calculate your P&amp;L, understand
what you're doing, and much, much more.
This was co-developed by a dear friend
of mine, Daniel Lemon. He is absolutely
brilliant. Such a great guy. But he
fundamentally is a trader. So this whole
journal is built by traders for traders.
It works with Tasty Trade. It works with
Interactive Brokers. It works with
Fidelity. And soon Thinker Swim from
Schwab and Robin Hood. Check it out. We
have a limited amount of people we're
going to uh let sign up at first so we
can make sure that everything's working
smoothly. We had it at 100. We're going
to maybe open up a little bit more. So
sign up now. Uh, if you want to be one
of those first people, I'm telling you
right now, if you want to be good at
trading, you have to be able to track
your P&amp;L. You have to understand what's
happening with your trades. You have to
understand how you're doing
monthtomonth, week to week.
Understanding your numbers is how you
treat this like a business. This is as
critical of a tool as any business. If
they have, say, QuickBooks or Turboax or
Gusto or ADP, this is a tool like that
for your trading. It's a mustave. Check
it out. I have been using my own version
of this that I built on my own and I
gave what I had to Daniel and Daniel
took it and he made it a world-class
enterprise application. Again, if you
want to use it, go ahead. Links down
below. Do it before the last remaining
spots are filled up. Thank you. And if
you have any good feedback, please share
it with us. We're always looking to
iterate. We're always looking to get
better. All right. What the hell
happened on Thursday? What was that all
about? Why did the market sell off?
Well, to understand what's going on in
this market, you first have to
understand what's happening in South
Korea. See, South Korea is a very unique
market right now. They have two of the
biggest names when it comes to memory in
the entire world. Samsung and SKH
Highix. As a result, these two companies
plus all these leverage ETFs that they
have over there. We have them too, let's
be honest. But these companies and these
ETFs are leading to massive fluctuations
in the South Korean stock market. the
Cosby. We saw on Thursday before our
markets opened up that it had tanked 8%.
What we have seen over the past few
months is that whenever the South Korean
market tanks that eventually spills over
to our markets in the United States,
let's start with that. What we saw on
Thursday was, in my opinion, very likely
due to a lot of what we saw in South
Korea. There's no way we're ever going
to know what the actual causation was.
We can speculate. We can sit there and
try to theorize, but at the end of the
day, it doesn't really matter is what I
would say. But it's it's interesting to
think about it. And the reason it's
interesting to think about is because if
that was what what happened here, that
we were just dealing with the ripple
effects of what happened in South Korea,
then that would mean that we probably
shouldn't be worried about what's
happening over here, right? After all,
this was just a reaction to what
happened in South Korea. That would be
fair, but that's a little simple. See
what happened in South Korea is due to
concentration in a handful of names and
a handful of type of industries. So
whether you're looking at at companies
that are doing solid state drives,
memory, high bandwidth memory, the
connectivity between servers, these are
very niche subset of companies within
the tech industry and within the AI
buildout for infrastructure for data
centers that is naturally going to have
an effect on our side over here in our
part of the world. Micron, SanDisk,
Nvidia, all these type of names, Marll,
Bloom Energy, the AI infrastructure also
starts to have that same type of impact.
Why? A lot of this can be derived by the
fear. The fear that eventually these
names will correct that eventually these
companies can't go on up up up forever.
That is the fear. The fear is that this
is the do-com bubble 2.0. The fear is
that nobody wants to get caught at the
top and write it all the way back down
without taking any profits off the
table. All of this is rational. It truly
is. But we have to be a little realistic
with ourselves, too. A little nuance.
And we don't want to let big money or
ALOS or quants scare us out of our
positions for no real reason other than,
well, the herd's doing it, so we want to
jump in and follow the herd. After all,
by nature of how we invest and how we
trade, whether you're allin test
investor or you've taken my options
crash course, you know that we are by
nature contrarians. And if we're going
to be contrarians, the last thing we
should be doing is, you know, following
that herd out the door, selling off
everything. Let me tell you my
perspective. First of all, when it comes
to this AI infrastructure buildout, this
AI infrastructure play, and this whole
narrative that it's eventually due for a
big sell-off, I don't agree with this. I
don't agree with this for a handful of
reasons, many of which I've talked
about. Number one, yes, we can have
pullbacks. Pullbacks are normal, but a
sell-off is a bit different. A selloff,
a correction, a bare market, that
indicates a 10, 20 plus% correction.
From what I can tell, listening to the
Micron's earnings call, listening to
what Elon says on the Tesla calls,
listening to Jensen over at Nvidia, it
is clear that there is so much demand
out there that these companies have
bookings as far as I can see. In fact,
once again, to quote the Micron CEO, we
do not have line of sight to when we
will be able to fill all orders. That is
key. That is critical. if you didn't
believe him because obviously he's
talking his own books. Just look at the
the the space right now. We saw
Anthropic and Google rent from Elon
Musk. This tells you a lot. This tells
you that there is a supply constraint
out there in the market. Part of the
market getting spooked was Meta. Meta
came out or it got leaked that they are
going to be offering their data centers
for rent. They are going to lease out
their data centers much like a cloud
company does like the neoclouds like
Nibius or Rackspace or Coreweave or even
the traditional clouds Azure GCP AWS
Meta indicated they're going to get into
this game too and the market continued
to freak out about this why surface
level you would think well Meta would
only be doing this because they
overbought they over provision and now
they don't know what to do with all of
these data data centers and all these
servers. The real fear is that Meta
doesn't have enough training to do that
they are at capacity with what they're
trying to do with AI. And if that's the
case, then it raises the question where
is all this AI that we're talking about?
I thought there was so much demand that
there's so much training that we had to
do that companies like Tesla, Meta,
Microsoft, Azure, uh Google, Amazon, all
these companies, they're going to keep
building. they're going to keep spending
all this capex because they have so much
training, so much AI possibilities that
they don't even know what to do. But now
here's Meta kind of saying, "Oh crap, we
uh might have bought too much and we
need to lease that out and try to turn
into a cloud company so we can make
money back on top of our investment so
that we don't piss off shareholders
because we just spent all this capex and
we said we're going to spend more
capex." Uhoh. Do we have a problem? Do
we have a problem that all this AI
narrative is actually a lot of hot air?
Is this actually a bubble? I mean, if
so, then we are going to see a huge
sell-off in the chips companies because
if Meta is overbuilding to the point
where now they are renting out cuz they
don't even have use for this compute,
that means that they're going to buy
less of Micron, SanDisk, and Nvidia and
this domino effect will continue. That
is what scared the market. That was the
narrative the market ran with. I
disagree with this. I don't think that's
what's happening here. In fact, I think
Meta is simply taking a page out of
SpaceX book. You see, there's only three
companies out there right now with this
the potential of this excess compute
that they were using for themselves that
now they can turn around and rent to
other people. That would be Meta, that
would be SpaceX, and that would be
Tesla. These are the only three
companies that are really doing this or
really have this amount of compute that
they have for themselves. See, Meta,
most people don't understand. A lot of
people don't like it because they don't
like Zuckerberg. And I get that. You
have to understand that they have been
thinking pretty far in advance for quite
some time. One of the things they want
to do is they wanted to make sure that
they ran their own data centers and they
were able to self-host as much as they
could. They have a lot of expertise in
data centers. Now, whenever you're
training any of these AI models, the
truth is you want to be able to use the
latest and greatest chips. You see
Jensen Nvidia coming out with net new
chips all the time about once a year.
And so really, you want to be using
those to make sure that you're on the
cutting edge using the using the best
technology. What I believe is happening
with SpaceX and with Meta is that they
are saying, you know what, we're going
to get these new chips from Nvidia and
in the meantime, we will rent out our
excess compute so you guys have it
because you guys can't even afford any
of this, let alone stand it up or figure
out how to stand it up. So, we'll rent
this out to you because we see what's
happening with Coree, Rackspace, Nibius.
Hell, we see what's happening with
Microsoft, Amazon, and Google. Why not?
We can monetize what we have. So, I
think that is what's happening. They're
just seeing an opportunity in the
market, and they're taking advantage of
it, which is just smart business. All
this fear, I don't think, is accurate. I
think it's people want to find a reason
to why this bull market will end. People
are trying to find a reason as to why
this is the dot bubble all over again.
And when I hear the things that people
say, it is laughable. It's like we paint
two lines on a chart and we're like,
"Hey, look, these look similar. They
must have similar outcomes." Not
understanding what's actually happening.
You see, if you go back to 1999, really
from 1995 all the way up to the dot bust
of 2000. Number one, you saw crazy PE
expansions. They were just going insane
despite not having any revenue. We saw
companies going going into IPO with just
awful balance sheets. Everyone was just
trying to go public because everyone's
just trying to raise capital. We saw any
company that put a dot at the end of
their name or said they were in the
internet space. They blew up and they
got crazy valuations and everything was
built up on
saw pees expand. We saw dark fiber. Why
is it called dark fiber? Well, Cisco was
building out essentially the connective
tissue for what would be the internet of
the future. They were trying to be two
steps ahead by building all this out.
The only problem was all of a sudden
they built out too much. All of a sudden
all that fiber they built out was dark
because no one was using it. And all of
a sudden when everything started to
correct, the whole thing collapsed. That
was the dot bubble. That was the dotcom
bust. It was a bubble. It was a hype. It
was a point of time where the yes, the
technology was real, but the revenues
weren't, the earnings weren't, the
profits weren't, and the use cases
weren't quite there yet. It took about
10, 15 years to get there. So, what
about now? What about with AI? Are there
some similarities? Sure, of course there
are. But what are the differences? Well,
first of all, there is no buildout from
one company the way Cisco did. In fact,
it's quite the opposite. All these
companies are spending their own
capbacks to do their own independent
buildout. Not only from an
infrastructure point of view, but also
from an energy point of view. That is
fundamental. Number two, there is no
dark fiber situation. You see, the dark
fiber from there would be analogous to
GPUs today. There are zero GPUs not
running at full throttle, 70, 80, 90%
usage. This is our current state. Like I
said, anthropic Google renting out from
SpaceX. The demand is so is there so
much and the need is so high that Meta
is building out their own cloud now and
they're going to be offering
consumption. This is fundamentally
different. Companies aren't rushing to
IPO. Yes, SpaceX IPO, but now look at
Open AI. They're delaying their IPO. And
what other AI companies are you seeing
IPO right now? I don't see any.
Anthropic maybe later this year but
again they have revenue they have
earnings they're a very strong company
this is very different we are not in the
same places we were before I'll add one
more we are built not onium not on crazy
PE expansion instead we are built on
earnings on strong strong earnings in
fact if you compare this point in time
to last year the stock market is cheaper
today than it was this time last year.
Why? Because the earnings have been so
strong. Despite the fact the S&amp;P 500 has
gone up so much, despite the fact that
look at Micron, despite the fact that
Micron has essentially 10xed, despite
the fact that you've seen Sandis go up
like 800%. Despite all this, these
companies are cheaper now than what they
were this time last year because of
earnings. And that includes the stock
growth. Nvidia Nvidia is much cheaper
today than what it was this time last
year. Again, strong earnings. We are in
a different market. Do com bubble that
was all about PE expansion with no real
earnings or revenue growth. Today, we
are low PE multiples with strong
earnings and strong revenue. They're not
the same market. So no matter how much
you want to see all these algorithms,
all these headlines, all these people
constantly try to draw this parallelism
between the.com bubble and today's
market. It's not the same. So when you
see Meta come out and announce a
potential cloud offering where they'll
rent out, you should be excited because
this is a opportunity that the market's
not understanding. They're mispricing
it, but they will price it correctly.
Mark my words. But this is an
opportunity especially before Meta's
earnings. It is such a fascinating time
to be alive to see all this happen and
so many smart people not understand
what's happening in this market. Number
two, look at Tesla. Let's just use Tesla
as an example. They delivered amazing
numbers. However, the market sold off
and they punished Tesla even harder. The
AI names got punished. Now, was this did
this make sense for Tesla be punished as
hard? No, it didn't. Everybody came out
and said, "Oh, it was clearly a buy the
new or buy the rumor, sell the news." I
didn't hear one of those people say that
before the delivery numbers came out.
Okay? And you know who they are. They're
pretty popular on X and YouTube. They
came out and they started making their
jokes and whatever. I didn't see a
single one of them say, "Sell your Tesla
before the delivery numbers drop." Not
one. Don't listen to these people. They
they are they like the Monday
quarterback. They like to go after the
fact and be like, "Oh, look at this.
Yeah, obviously this is what happened.
Yeah, it was so obvious. Why didn't you
say it beforehand? I've yet to figure
that out. All these bears, all these
naysayers. They always want to say, "Oh,
it was obvious." Yet, they never said
anything beforehand. Now, they'll make
some obscure posts like, "Oh, things
look over valued right now." And they'll
highlight that and be like, "See, I told
you." It's like, "Dude, that was a very
ambiguous, vague thing that could apply
to multiple different companies. What
are you talking about? You did not sit
there and say that this would happen
after delivery numbers. No, it's just
BS. There's too many too much BS out
there. Let's drill down into Tesla
because it was a big week for Tesla. And
I just got back from Miami with my wife.
I'll talk a little bit more about that
in a second here, but let's talk about
what happened. So, number one, we had
record delivery numbers. Record delivery
numbers. Okay, for Q2, the these numbers
blew out expectations. We were at 406.
Some of the the highest expectations I
saw was 460. I believe uh James uh James
Stevenson uh he was the closest. I think
he had 480. There were a few in the
Tesla community who were spot on. But in
general, these numbers blew all
expectations. Nobody saw this coming
other than, you know, us in the Tesla
community. I'm not I don't even see me.
I I didn't even predict a number, but
the Tesla community got it right. So,
shout out to the Tesla community. Now,
what do these numbers really mean?
because everyone's talking about the
deliveries and to me it's like no that's
not the story. The real story is how
many of these people subscribed to FSD.
How many of these people signed up and
bought vehicles because of FSD? That's
going to be the question. That's going
to be what this earning is all about.
We're going to see this growth of FSD
and I think it's going to shock people.
So, what else happened this weekend?
Well, shortly after those numbers came
out and the market sold off and Tesla
stock dropped. And by the way, not
financial advice. Never is. The only
thing I do is I coach the options crash
course. I teach you everything I do so
you can do it so you can repeat it. I
want to teach you how to fish. But it's
never financial advice. None of this is.
But I h I can't sit here and tell you
that I don't think Tesla's mispriced
right now. This is quite the opportunity
to pick up shares if you haven't. I
fundamentally think that this is going
to be one of the last times we ever see
the stock in the 300s. I it seems like
something big is about to happen with
Tesla and Lars so much as said it was
going to happen on Tuesday coming up.
But before we get to that, what else
happened this weekend? Well, the Model Y
L was launched. This I started to think
that that's what Lars was talking about
because no way are they going to give us
what we want. Like Cyber Cap's going to
take longer to ramp and all that. Of
course, I was just trying to set my
expectations down and Tesla dropped a
little post with the little but the long
post with the the doc and the wiener dog
and I was like, "Oh, maybe this is it."
But no, then they actually announced it
like, "Okay, all right. All right. We're
back on potentially for Cyber Cab. Maybe
it won't be the Model Y." That's great.
And by the way, not to just like skim
over that, this this is a big deal. This
is a new vehicle, a new variant. And by
the way, it's been the variant that is
just going gang busters in China, in
Europe, all over the world, and we
finally get it here in the States. So,
this should be a big deal, especially
for a country that likes their bigger
vehicles. In fact, like I said, we just
got back from Miami. I I think my wife
is finally convinced that the next one
has to be a Cybert truck. You know, we
we needed the storage. We needed the
space. It's just not enough to be in a
Model Y. It just isn't. The Model Y is a
big deal. It's a very big deal,
especially for us in this country and
for Tesla just in general. Number two,
they also launched robo taxi in Miami.
Like I've been alluding to, we just got
back from Miami. Why do you think we
went there? Well, clearly we went there
to hunt some robo taxis. Now, we have a
video coming out of the whole process,
the whole decision to go and everything.
It's kind of a vlog style. We aim to get
this out tomorrow, maybe Tuesday
morning, but I'm pushing my wife for us
to edit it quickly so we can get it out
maybe tomorrow evening. I think you're
gonna enjoy it. Uh it it was a lot of
emotions went through it. But it was it
was a great call it 36 hours that that
we went through. A lot of highs, a lot
of lows, a lot of up, you know, reasons
to be upset. Um I lost my wallet on the
trip. like all kinds of stuff happened.
But we'll we'll take you guys through it
and uh you know just show you a little
bit more behind the scenes of kind of
our lives and who we are. You get to see
a lot more of my wife, my family. So if
you're interested, you know, stick
around and check that out tomorrow. Uh
or like I said, maybe Tuesday morning.
We're going to try to edit. We want we
want to make a good video for you guys,
too. So that's the thing. So but yeah,
so we just got back from Miami. I
literally got out the car, came right
here, and sat here. And I'm sick of
sitting. Tell you that. I just want to
go outside and run or something. Uh, but
important stuff. So, they launched the
robo taxi in Miami. That's another big
deal. Okay, so that's yet another state.
This is promising. Now, I was hoping
that they might announce yet another
city within Florida or maybe another
state, maybe like Vegas or Arizona or
something, but they didn't. So, we will
see how this plays out. And that leads
up to Tuesday. So Tuesday is going to be
fascinating because whatever they do at
at Texas at Giga Texas or the Texas
campus at or the Austin campus as Lars
said, I am convinced at this point that
it has to do with cyber caps and the
launching of Cyber Caps. I think that
they're finally officially going to go
into the fleet in Austin, which is
fantastic. If that's the case, that's
brilliant because maybe this means that
now we can finally start to to scale at
least in Austin, at least in one city.
It would be great just to see Austin
dominated and be able to get get robo
taxis as fast as we can get a Uber, if
not better. If Tesla can deliver that in
Austin, then I believe that the the
stock is going to rip up to5 $600. The
reason I think that is because boom, now
we know how long it took them to start
in Austin to get to this point of full
ramp. That will be big signal because
now we know that that's the longest
it'll ever take for any other city and
that timeline is going to shrink. So,
it'll be the perfect blueprint for all
of Wall Street, the Gary Blacks out
there to use in their Excel sheet. So, I
think Tuesday could be extremely
consequential, assuming that's what it
is. I don't really know what it is, but
I listened to that clip more times than
I should have. All right. I was driving
a lot or well I wasn't. FSD was driving.
And by the way, perfect drive from Tampa
Bay, Florida, St. Petersburg, all the
way down to Miami, through the city,
through construction, through police
cars, accidents, city driving, chaos,
Fourth of July traffic and chaos, all
that. Perfect. Not a single
intervention. Perfect for parking.
Everything was perfect. The only time
that I took over was to go into this
weird uh ramp up for the hotel parking.
I took over for that because that's
where the valet was. And where else did
I take over? Uh I I stopped once because
I thought that there was a speed trap.
So I pressed the the brake so I could
slow the car down just in case. And I
put FSD right back on again. Maybe you
say that's not perfect. Maybe you're
like, "Nick, you just lied to me." Okay,
fine. Call me the liar then. But why
would a liar just tell you that? But the
point is those were preferences and I
never had a choice for the hotel one. I
never had choice to like select like
valet or anything like that. I just had
it on street parking is how I had it
set. So even that's user error. So
potentially if I said garage parking, it
would have gone into the garage. I don't
know. I was just honestly I was
videotaping around me because I had FSD
going so I was able to videotape. So
that's going to be a big deal. So but
let's talk about Monday. Okay, because
Monday the stock market's going to open
and we need to know what's going on.
Okay, and now let's take it back to the
markets. All right, so this is going to
be maybe a little uh weird, but just
follow me with this right now. If you
want to know what tomorrow's going to
look like, I think there's two things
you should be keeping an eye on. Now,
yes, you can obviously watch the
pre-market when it opens uh in about Oh,
it looks like it might have just opened.
So, we'll take a look at that in a
second. Uh but first, I want to look at
Bitcoin. Okay, Bitcoin, whether you like
it or hate it, is good signal. Okay,
here we go. Bitcoin, very good signal.
Look at this. Or well, it's a good sign.
It's up 1%. That's great. Okay, it's up
to 63,000, up 1%. We like that. Okay,
well now let's look at the futures.
Let's see what they're doing. And then
I'll tell you the other one that you
really want to keep an eye on. This
one's critical. Okay, but right now,
let's see. Stock futures rise after
record setting week and and the Dow.
Okay, let's look at this pre-market.
Okay. NASDAQ is up. Futures that is up
1.1%.
Okay. All right. We might be okay here.
All right. Like I said, not the biggest
selloff in the world that that
everyone's predicting, but you still
need to keep an eye for one thing. 8:00
p.m. Eastern. 8:00 p.m. Eastern. Keep an
eye on the Cosby. That's the South
Korean stock market. If that continues
to go up, that will be good for us. See,
on Friday, we had our markets closed.
But remember, Thursday is when we sold
off. Thursday, South Korean market
dropped 8%. And breakers hit again and
trading was halted. Then Friday, we were
closed, but they were not. On Friday,
their market went back up about 6%. So,
I have been cautiously bullish that
Monday would look pretty good. But
again, let's see how their market opens.
Let's see if our futures hold up. Keep
an eye on Bitcoin. And then remember,
our stocks will open up at 8 p.m. If you
have Robin Hood, you could watch that. I
I want to put paint one other reason why
you should not buy into any of this bare
thesis BS. The way you you tend to know,
I mean, there's several ways signals.
There's no one, you know, silver bullet.
If there was, then everybody would use
it and we'd all be rich and, you know,
wealthy and billionaires and on our
yachts and private flights and all that
stuff. But there's no one silver bullet.
But there are several different signs
that or patterns that you can recognize
that repeat over and over and over in
bare markets or in bubbles. So, one of
the things that you should always be
aware of is that whenever we're
potentially getting going from a bull to
bare market or when things are about to
kind of crash or collapse is that we
start to see the market narrow into a
hand few uh a handful of names. And
that's what tends to happen. Like
everyone piles into just these one, two,
three, four, five names and then they
concentrate there because they're scared
that there's nothing else that they can
invest in. That is not the market we
have in right now. Did you know that
right now if you compare the MAG 7
versus the other 493 in the S&amp;P 500, the
MAG 7 is down for the year. The S&amp;P
500's up for the year. Now, if you
compare the equal weight of the S&amp;P 500
compared to the normal S&amp;P 500, that's
not equal weight, which is overweight
into these MAX 7 companies. The equal
weight is outperforming the normal S&amp;P
500. This tells you the market's not
concentrating to a handful of names. In
fact, it's the opposite. It's broadening
out. And a broadening out market is
extremely good for anyone invested in
the market because it lifts the entire
market up. It is the foundation for the
bull market. It's much like our country
in capitalism. When you have a strong
middle class, it makes the rest of the
country really strong because really
that's the biggest trunch of the
populace that you have. And so when that
population is feeling good, thriving,
making good money, guess what they want
to do? spend and go out there and invest
and build and invest and that becomes a
virtuous cycle that sends everything up.
Okay? It's like a little helical that
keeps sending everything up. That is
what the stock market's doing right now.
The stock market is actually has a very
strong base. Like I told you, earnings
are extremely strong. Multiples are
down. This market is cheaper today than
what it was this time last year. We're
going to leave it here, but keep an eye
tonight for the Cosby. That's the South
Korean stock exchange. 8:00 PM Eastern,
it opens. Keep an eye on Bitcoin. Keep
an eye on the futures. Keep an eye on
your trades before the markets open. You
should review your trades and you should
think to yourself, hey, if this happens,
what would I do? If that happens, what
would I do? And have a game plan in your
head in advance. If you don't even know
what I'm talking about and you don't
know how to make money off of your
portfolio so that you can make 1 to 4%
per month, guys, sign up for the course.
It's not that expensive. It's worth your
time. It's only going to get more
expensive in the future, but it's going
to teach you how to be able to generate
revenue off of your portfolio. Okay? I
would teach you how I enter trades, how
I exit trades, how I manage trades. All
you have to do is go and learn. That's
it. I will be your teacher. I will show
you how I fish so that you can learn how
to fish too and feed yourself. I do not
want you dependent on me. I want you to
understand how the game is played and
what the big boys are doing that you do
not know. I want to help and demystify
options for you. They can be dangerous
1,000%.
But why are they dangerous? Because
you've never been taught how to use
them. Let me teach you. I will show you
what I do. I will show you how to have
repeated success the way I do. Okay? All
you have to do is be disciplined, be
mechanical, and come with an open mind
because your point of view will change.
All right? Thank you all. Love you all.
Cheers.