Channel:     brighterwithherbert
Title:       Tesla Might Be Building Three Trillion-Dollar Projects
URL:         https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2-Mhd9VHNNg
Published:   2026-04-20 13:30 UTC
Fetched:     2026-04-20 14:00 UTC

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Tesla may be ramping $3 trillion
projects right now. Three reports
dropped last week and they could reshape
Tesla's entire future. But not so fast.
All three are all just speculation
rumors right now. So take them with a
grain of salt. First, after Elon
confirmed the AI5 chip tape out and on
top of hiring a large number of roles
for engineers, a new report from
Bloomberg says Tesla is fast-tracking
Terrafap, its nextG chip manufacturing
push. We're talking about a project that
could cost anywhere from 5 trillion to
$13 trillion. And here's the signal.
Tesla is reportedly offering above
market pricing just to secure priority
with suppliers. Second, Tesla may be
targeting something even more
aggressive. According to Nicki and Tesla
China President Alan Wang Hao, Giga
Shanghai could build humano robots in
the future. But then rumors started by
several Chinese securities firms are
saying Tesla is targeting to reach an
annual production capacity of 100,000
units. Again, take this part with a
grain of salt. Third, Reuters reported
that Tesla's developing a new smaller,
cheaper electric vehicle. Once Elon
makes up his mind, he moves at lightning
speed and prepares to build at scale.
Got Larry Goldberg joining us today.
He's a serial entrepreneur, has been an
active venture capital investor for the
last decade. Check out his website at
lumisanti.com.
Welcome, Larry.
&gt;&gt; Great to be here.
&gt;&gt; Three stories. They're all speculation,
rumors, we don't know what parts of it.
Sometimes there's pieces of it as true,
but I still wanted to go through them
because I think that um if even portions
of these are true. They're pretty big
deal. They're pretty big deal. So, let's
start with the first one. You know, last
week Elon was talking about taping out
AI5 chip and he says that the team is
now going to start working on AI 6, Dojo
3 and other exciting chips in the work.
He then explained a little bit more. It
was great working with the AI hardware
software teams and then he explains how
great this AI5 is going to be. Okay. Uh
but there was hiring. This is real. This
part here is not rumors. It's actual a
lot of new roles for terra fab roles.
We're talking all sorts of different
kinds of TPMS, engineers, wet etch, dry
edge,
everything. So clearly they are moving
forward with this. But then Bloomberg
reported this and we don't know how how
true this part is, but apparently that
Elon's team, this Terrafab project team,
they've been reaching out to chip
industry suppliers.
And the big part about this is that
they're asking suppliers to move at
light speed. They're willing to actually
pay more than the going rate to get the
to get them. Here it is. I found it.
Yeah. The project is offering to pay a
considerable amount above the quoted
figures if suppliers give terror fab
priority. Do you take this rumors as
real? True.
&gt;&gt; Like all Tesla rumors, it there's a
grain of truth to it, but you cannot
trust a single word on a single, you
know, sentence or word on it.
They've picked up on some stuff. I mean,
we see the terraab ads go out. They
assume that there's a lot of supply
chain action. They phone the suppliers.
The suppliers are going to tell them
whatever they want to tell them. There's
no way to cross check. There's no way to
to really determine whether what they're
being told is true. and the suppliers
are going to tell them what they want
the public to think and what they want
Tesla's competitors to think. So, I
would say that yes, they're hiring. Yes,
they're designing.
Well, rephrase that. Yes, they're
planning.
Yes, they may be even designing at this
point, but these are very early days and
you know, we're only into the third or
fourth month or fifth month, maybe even
the sixth month at the most in this
project. So, at this point, nobody knows
what's in Terrafab's mind. We we have a
outline of the product road map very
vague outline of the product road map
and that outline by the way is vague
because I'm not even sure Tesla even
Elon is absolutely positive he's going
to be building what he says. So I would
take all of this stuff with a huge pinch
of salt. In fact, I would take it with a
handful of salt
&gt;&gt; and I would say that yes, we're going
after Terraab.
&gt;&gt; That's about it.
&gt;&gt; Yep, good points. Um, they did name
Bloomberg did name names. Uh, they said
that they've reached out to chip
industry suppliers including Applied
Materials, Tokyo Electron, Lamb
Research,
um,
&gt;&gt; I mean,
&gt;&gt; and Samsung Electronics.
&gt;&gt; I mean, all they have to do is look at
the catalog.
I mean, photo maskers
depositors. Yeah.
&gt;&gt; And those people are going to say,
"Yeah, of course we're talking to
Tesla." I mean,
&gt;&gt; gotcha.
&gt;&gt; Come on.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Yeah. True. True. All right. So,
that that this part is true. That is
real. A partnership with Intel. So, that
that part is true. Uh, you know, Elon
was there.
&gt;&gt; And why would they why would they
partner with Intel? Think think about
it.
&gt;&gt; You tell me. They would part they would
part partner with Intel for three
reasons.
&gt;&gt; Mhm.
&gt;&gt; US-based, US-owned,
very very deep expertise
and very frustrated by lack of
management.
&gt;&gt; Mhm.
&gt;&gt; I mean, this is like oxygen to Intel.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
So, you know, I would not be shocked
shocked shocked to see Intel being
bought up by Tesla. I wouldn't be
shocked or or by Tesla SpaceX or or
SpaceX Tesla, whatever the combination
is. There's a lot of there's a lot of,
you know, Intel were clients of mine.
There's a lot of value in that company.
There's a lot of goodwill still in that
company. There was a lot of technology
in that company. Uh so it it wouldn't be
a bad deal. It would certainly get get a
lift up. And then the question is what
is the relationship with Samsung? We
know that Samsung
another rumor for you. Samsung are
pushing back in supplying te in in in
participating terraab. The rumor goes
they want Tesla to focus on expanding
the Samsung factory.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. All of the above could be true and
none of it could be true. I wouldn't
read the newspapers on this subject at
all.
&gt;&gt; Okay. Well, that's uh that's the big
rumor. The second one is uh Tesla
Shanghai factory can build human robots,
China boss says. So some parts of this
is true because actually the China Tesla
China exe executive um he actually said
this uh Alan Wang Hao he actually said
like other Tesla factories Giga Shanghai
can shoulder important responsibilities
in manufacturing all new products
including robots we're highly confident
in welcoming the arrival of new era of
robots. That was his actual quote. After
he said that,
&gt;&gt; yeah,
&gt;&gt; there was uh rumors that came out again
coming from the securities firms. I
don't know why they're involved. I guess
suppliers. They're saying that they have
heard from their suppliers that the
company's target is to reach an annual
production capacity of 100,000 units by
the end of 2026 here at Giga Shanghai. I
I would not I would say that that is
absolutely false because I was talking
to uh Brian White about it and he said
that Gig Shanghai does not have room to
do robots. They would have to build
outside of it a new facility. Yeah.
&gt;&gt; I was going to make a point that there's
actually space capacity at the mega
factory in Shanghai.
&gt;&gt; So,
&gt;&gt; right. Oh, that's true.
&gt;&gt; There's there's a fair amount of spare
space. I'm absolutely aligned with Brian
that there there's no space at Giga
Shanghai. None at all. Unless they stop
the three. You know, they could well
stop manufacturing the three. I don't
think they will. I think that the best
solution is to establish a new factory.
the there's there are differences
between a humanoid robot a factory and a
you know a factory designed for humanoid
robots versus a car factory. So I'm not
sure they want to repurpose Shanghai.
And the other issue is there's now
rumors of a small car.
&gt;&gt; We'll talk about
&gt;&gt; if there are if there are that would be
the more that would be the obvious
replacement for the three in China. So I
would discount the rumor of the factory.
Um but it's quite possible that Tesla
will you know add capacity
uh in terms of plant and so on and and
there's not that much sharing in terms
of the manufacturing capacity between
the car factory and the bot factory. So
I don't think it's a problem.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. It's got to be completely started
from from scratch. So what's your
estimate though just forget these rumors
these articles but just you this what's
the chances that Giga Shanghai or China
Tesla China will start building human
robots
&gt;&gt; at some point in the future
&gt;&gt; 100% 100 time absolutely could come to
&gt;&gt; so wait you're going to say this Larry
when the US government would never allow
a Chinese car company to build robots
here in the US but you're saying that
China will allow Tesla to build robots
in China.
&gt;&gt; Sure, why not? China really values
Tesla. What do they value Tesla for?
They don't value Tesla for earning
revenue and paying taxes.
They don't value Tesla for anything else
but to teach the Chinese how to build
cars,
&gt;&gt; how to build how to design cars, how to
build battery packs, and how to design
battery packs. You could have said the
same about their right to manufacture
battery packs in China.
&gt;&gt; True.
&gt;&gt; There was no problem there. So I'm
absolutely convinced that Tesla will be
a forcing factor in the robo tax in the
chi Chinese
bot business and just as they were the
forcing factor in the Chinese uh
electric vehicle business.
&gt;&gt; Totally agree with you. You can say the
same thing about electric vehicles where
they actually are smart cars that have
all these cameras. Uh but China was
found a way to continue working with
Tesla there, but the US government would
never allow electric vehicles from China
coming here.
&gt;&gt; That's correct.
&gt;&gt; And in fact, the Ford CEO was has been
out in force the last weeks just because
he's so afraid. He goes, "If you guys
let the Chinese come in here, we're
dead. We are absolutely dead."
&gt;&gt; Well, Europe is the the lesson. I mean,
why how and why Europe allowed Chinese
cars into Europe is the absolute mystery
that I haven't been able to solve. I I I
just cannot believe that they would do
such a thing. It is like committing
suicide. Here's the really strange
thing. They wouldn't allow US cars into
Europe.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; But they allowed ch Chinese cars into
&gt;&gt; anyway. Yeah.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; Okay. So you you do expect at some point
that Tesla China ch China geek Shanghai
will be building robots
and Alan Wangha the China Tesla China
president said that we have the we have
the ability to do this but um you would
discount this rumor that actually they
are going to build I mean if they're
building it in Fremont why wouldn't they
build a 100,000 per year line just like
they do in Fremont just to get started
why wouldn't they do that too
&gt;&gt; I think that I I don't think the
design the manufacturing design the the
design of the bot the business case I
don't think the product is ready to go
into multiple factories. I think they
are
&gt;&gt; okay
&gt;&gt; working the problem in Fremont.
&gt;&gt; Mhm.
&gt;&gt; And once they've worked the problem in
Fremont and they have the design then
the rate at which they they roll it out
is a business decision not a product
decision. Right now, I think they're
wrestling with a product product to
engineering to delivery problem. Once
they get that, then to roll that out
into Germany and to Shanghai, I'm almost
sure they will do it.
&gt;&gt; Gotcha. Okay, makes sense. All right.
You wanted to talk about this, which is
another rumor. Uh, I discounted it
pretty heavily last week. Didn't even
talk about it at all. Reuters reported
that Tesla is developing a new, smaller,
cheaper EV. Okay.
uh compact SUV in the early development
stage would be shorter than a Model Y
would be built in China. Yeah,
&gt;&gt; Reuters are really stepped up the ante.
There's no longer
&gt;&gt; two people as sources, no longer three
people sources, but actually four people
as sources. I mean, this is three of the
four. If you go back on it, four people
said
&gt;&gt; good. Listen,
um,
you know, the only words that you can
really put any credence to in Reuters
reports about Tesla is the and and.
But, but listen, to me, it makes all the
sense in the world. If you're going to
keep your
manufacturing chops, if you're going to
keep your manufacturing factory, if
you're going I think you should have a a
range of cars. And the reason I think an
SUV makes sense is because ultimately a
robo taxi for two is going to be the
bulk of the models out there, but there
are going to be robo taxis for four.
So, and particularly in SUVs. So, I I I
think it makes sense. It made sense
three years ago to me. I think it makes
sense now. So, we'll see. Um, I think
they need something to replace the Model
3.
I don't know that there's that big a
demand for a sedan. Yeah. Okay. Well, I
I give this zero credence. I don't think
it makes sense at all. So, we just
talked about that they are already
pretty full. Uh, they would need to
build a new factory. You would need to
build factories for robots. That would
be my priority number one. I would be
building factories for Cyber Cab. That
would be my priority number two. Having
a brand new drivable car is just looking
backwards.
&gt;&gt; No, they have a car. Who said it would
be a drivable car? Nobody said that. I
mean, perhaps they would put out a model
that does have a steering wheel and and
brakes for people to buy them, but um I
think that ultimately that, you know, a
a four-seater um sedan SUV for the robo
taxi market will be necessary. There are
going to be, you know, that four to 5%
of usage of use cases where they're
going to need that car.
That's what I think. But I I wouldn't I
wouldn't entirely discount this um
Reuters report. I would say that there
may be some smoke where there's this
fire. There may be some fire where
there's this.
&gt;&gt; And then you did say it was curious that
Elon did not just say anything about
this and say stop it.
&gt;&gt; That's the key. That's the key.
Normally, you know, when Roy just comes
out with these incredibly ridiculous
articles, he just says it's a lie. He
doesn't say, you know, but typically
it's all just made up. But this time we
have four people, not three.
&gt;&gt; Four people.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Yeah, I saw that.
&gt;&gt; With knowledge of the circumstance, you
know, I mean,
but I'm with you. I mean, anything
reported by Reuters on the subject of
Tesla is highly suspect, and we'll leave
it at that.
&gt;&gt; All right. So, those three were a lot of
rumors. take them with a grain of salt.
But this next se segment here is not
rumors. It is absolutely true directly
from Tesla themselves and Elon. I wanted
to ask you these questions. So we
already talked about how Elon announced
that the AI5 has finished tape out and
then he thanked Taiwan Semiconductor and
Samsung for their help. Um he talked
about how the AI5 has five times the
useful compute of a dual system on a
chip AI4. So has two chips but this just
one car one chip is already five times
as much. Uh John asked will this go into
cars or the robots and he said Optimus
and our supercomputer clusters AI4 is
enough to achieve much better than human
safety for FSD. In a previous show
though you told me that you think no
AI5A is going to go to the cars as well.
I'm pretty sure I mean he didn't say no.
He said that it's targeted Optimus and
supercomputer and he says AI4 is enough
to achieve much better than human
safety.
But we'll see. I think that the uh
amount of compute that we're going to
need for the cars far exceeds that which
just does FSD
and uh I think we're going to need Grock
operational in the car and Grock is
going to be pretty busy in the cars. Um,
you know, one of the real issues is real
time n real time navigation, but real
time updating of the maps. I would be
shocked if we're stuck at AI4 for very
long at all. I think we're going to be
moving on to AI 5 because our experience
with AI is that AI just expands to fill
the universe and that universe just gets
larger and larger with every chip.
&gt;&gt; I agree with you. I mean, it's just like
it's ridiculous to think that they're
not going to keep improving the chip.
Every part of the car is always going to
keep improving. AI5, AI6, AI7, and then
especially if it's true that these cars
will be able to uh do computer work
while it's not driving. If that becomes
a real business, then they'll want AI5
there.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Yeah. And and so the question is,
does that get to be another device or is
it AI5? And I think AI5 makes all the
sense in the world. I mean, you can get
into the car. Your AI can become
manifest. Your AI that you've been using
at home can become manifest in the car.
AI5 is just going to be a much better AI
6 is just going to be a much better
inference chip. You want to you you want
these cars when they're not driving on
the street to become an inference
computer. So you want the highest
performance and that it just doesn't
make any sense once you get production
ready and start producing AI6 in
quantity. Remember every additional chip
cost you very close to
I won't say nothing but it cost you
dramatically less. So anyway that's my
thinking. I I've been around this
business for close on 60 years. Close on
60 years. Never seen hardware
improvement that isn't immediately taken
up and then overwhelmed in.
&gt;&gt; Exactly. For sure. That's why I wanted
to ask you about that. So here's the
difference between AI5.
It is we talked about five times the
real world compute of a a dual AI4
setup. Eight times compute power, nine
times memory, five times bandwidth
versus current gen. One chip matches
Nvidia W H100 performance for Tesla's
workloads. dual setup revivals Blackwell
but at way lower cost like 10% the cost.
&gt;&gt; I think that's those two that last
bullet is very very questionable. It for
certain things I cannot imagine it
rivals a blackwell
in in training. I just I'm not buying
that.
&gt;&gt; What's the significance of this AI5 uh
chip? I think it's all about uh
inference and all about uh optimizing
inference. So
it just seems that Blackwell which is so
heavily it's got enormous amounts of
memory, enormous amounts of high
bandwidth memory in very close proximity
to the processor. So that's what you
need for training. And so I just can't
see AI5 being a chip that is used for
training. Who made those statements by
the way?
&gt;&gt; Uh it was Doge designer, you know.
&gt;&gt; Well, I mean he's just wrapping. He's
just summarizing the things that Elon
has said in the past.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Okay, it's fine.
&gt;&gt; But you know, he could have mis
misinterpreted as well. But okay, the
the important thing is that the AI5 is
going to be used for Optimus. Okay,
that's the
&gt;&gt; you know we talk about target.
So with the AI5 tape out, is it super
late because it's was supposed to be
finished 3 6 months ago. It was supposed
to be finished, but then it took this
long or is this expected?
&gt;&gt; Well, it depends on whether you expect
these things to be super late or not.
Um, it certainly is my expectation. I
when Elon gives me a date, you know, I
automatically assume that he's talking
about the following year.
&gt;&gt; I mean, or the following decade. I mean
it
&gt;&gt; Elon's dates are fixed on the basis of
what he thinks is the absolute best
&gt;&gt; best that could happen. Yeah.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; You know that can happen and
&gt;&gt; you know that's his method. You have to
adjust to it accordingly. I I think
we'll be very lucky to see AI5 before
the end of next year. Very lucky.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. But so but that's fine, right?
Because again you're now concerned that
AI4
is not good enough to do fullcale robot
taxi roll out
&gt;&gt; hor
very comfortable that AI4 the only
question I have is whether AI3 will or
will not I mean they're making noises
that it will not but I think they've
only I think they're only beginning to
explore the space right now.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, I'm with you. I think AI4 is good
enough like as he says but also just uh
what you saw Ashra Kaswami announce
about the 20% faster reaction time much
more rebuilt those kind of things and
then a for for the bots are you
expecting that the 100,000 bots that
they start making at Fremont for the
next year that will be AI4 chips and
that's fine too
&gt;&gt; be AI4 for sure
&gt;&gt; okay and then AI5 comes a year from now
which is conservative I would say it's a
or the right the right estimate um but
just in time for the mass production of
the the bot he's he seems to be very
very uh confident about AI5 very
confident he's very happy with what the
outcome was well you can be very happy
with the tape out but you there's many a
slip in trying to get that design into
actual production
takes a huge amount of work I mean it's
&gt;&gt; especially they've not done it also
&gt;&gt; two nanome meter chip which is you know
it's the very cutting edge right now.
Well, it's not the actual very cutting
edge but depends on what sort of memory.
They're not using you know high
bandwidth memory which is a huge
reduction in cost which is why it's so
competitive. Um but that's because you
know high bandwidth memory is just you
know for inference is just it's not
unnecessary. it doesn't really fit the
the profile of what Tesla's doing uh and
and probably what the bot's doing. So
that is a sign very very significant
reduction in cost.
&gt;&gt; Good. Okay. Thank you very much for your
thoughts on that. We talked about Terra
Fab.
Parts of that is probably true. Um the
Giga Shanghai probably not true.
Especially the parts about 100,000 bots
there. uh they just took what the
president said and then they they went
crazy with articles and then Reuters,
you actually think there's maybe some
truth to that because there's four
unnamed sources this time, not just two
or three.
&gt;&gt; Four unnamed sources. Yeah.
&gt;&gt; And but AI5 is absolutely true and
that's going to be very important. Thank
you so much, Larry. Appreciate you.
Follow him on his ex account, Tesla. Go
check out his website, lumicenti.com.
Thank you. I've created a website that
is the most comprehensive resource for
the Tesla investor. Please check it out.
Simply go to my website at herbert.com.