Channel:     futureaza
Title:       The Gas Truck Industry Didn’t See This Coming | OEVA 2026
URL:         https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OZNzpVGJDaI
Published:   2026-04-28 17:30 UTC
Fetched:     2026-04-28 18:00 UTC

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Well, how's it going everybody?
&gt;&gt; Hi.
&gt;&gt; Welcome in. Welcome in. EV trucking.
It's already real, but is it go time?
That's what we're going to discuss. For
those who don't know, uh my name is
Brian. I run a YouTube channel called
Futurza, where I've been publishing
videos for about five and a half years
now. Published about 3,200 videos on a
variety of topics. I uh am also a
frequent guest speaker on a variety of
other channels. Maybe you've heard of
any of these. I don't know. Kyle from
Out of Spec is a pretty big one. the
Tesla Beat podcast, Brighter with
Herbert. I do about five guest
appearances a week where I'm brought on
as an expert because I go all over the
country, really all over the world. I've
toured factories uh all over the US and
in Asia and uh have been a guest speaker
at a variety of events. If you ever
know, Fully Charged, the Everything
Electric Show, I've spoken at their
events in three different countries, but
not recently. So, we're going to talk
about what the trucks are and what they
should be and what's in the way because
there is something slowing it down. So,
the advantages, you know, the
advantages, cleaner fuel, quieter, uh,
less brake dust, more powerful, cheaper
to operate, but is it cheaper overall?
That's what we're going to discuss. Now,
I admit this doesn't come as a surprise
to anybody here. Diesel is
emissionsheavy.
If you've ever been near a diesel rig of
any kind, you know the smell. Just me
saying it. You can smell the bus at the
airport. You can uh smell the the truck
stop because they do emit absolute
literal tons of greenhouse gases. But
even if you don't care about those, it
emits other nasty stuff too that you
should care about because it's bad for
you.
big thing is sometimes you'll find
people who will say, "I uh don't care
because if you're charging electricity
from the grid, it's just as dirty. You
got to burn oil somewhere or somewhere
else. What difference does it make?"
What this points out is it's going to be
80 to 90% cleaner running it off the
grid because even though the grid may
use some fossil fuels, may even use
majority fossil fuels, when you're doing
them at one place, it's much easier to
keep them clean. And if you look at some
of these other studies here in the US,
50 to 65% even on 2019 era grids which
were 63% fossil fuel. So, it is cleaner
anyhow you slice it. They're quieter.
I'm sure that's not a surprise either.
They are quieter. Uh, you know what a
diesel truck sounds like. You know what
a diesel engine sounds like as it's
shifting through all the gears. Even if
it's an automatic, you can still hear
it. And the Jake braking when they're
going down hills using compression
brakes. If you've ever lived close
enough to a highway, that sound probably
haunts you. You can probably hear it
right now. It's very loud and very
obnoxious. This is just the average
operation. This is just normal driving.
It is still perceptibly half as loud. So
what we're saying is with a electric big
rig, you're going to save the emissions,
you're going to save the noise, and
you're going to save the brake dust. So
brake dust is real nasty stuff. It's got
metals in it, copper, iron, barerium,
antimony, and other compounds. Copper
rich pads, even worse. and it forms
PM2.5.
That's the particles small enough that
it can get into the air sacks in your
lungs and pass into your blood. That's
not good. Uh that is something we wish
to avoid. Electric trucks do that. How
many of you have an electric car? Okay,
so almost everybody. Regenerative
braking is great. It is an ultimate
cheat code because when you're going
downhill, you get to use your motor as a
generator and recharge the battery. So
instead of converting that energy, the
momentum into heat and brake dust, you
get to convert it back into juice, which
you get to use.
So the health effects, I'm sure I don't
have to tell you how nasty brake dust
is. The inhaled particles can damage
your lungs. It can cause scarring. It
can cause uh long-term cancer. there's
toxicity in it. It's bad for vulnerable
groups. I don't think we need to explain
that. So, this is uh how it's done.
There's whole studies about it showing
just how much better it is. Another
advantage to the EV big rig. More power.
So, well, I don't need more power. Ah,
yeah, but if you can have it, you'd
rather more horsepower, more torque,
safer on hills, and then you get the
full benefit of the regenerative
braking. Smaller motor might not be able
to do that. Bigger motor going to save
you money over time. So the big one is
that first line item.
A diesel truck consumes fuel at a rate
of 50 to 70 cents per mile. An electric
semi 15 to 25 cents per mile. That's
massive. That means uh you're going to
be saving 15 to $25,000
per year of operation. So, you start
thinking, well, if the truck is only
$250,000,
does that mean the truck is free over 10
years?
Maybe. Maybe. That last item though at
the bottom, electric truck maintenance a
lot less. You're not changing your
brakes. You're not changing your oil.
There's very little to go wrong and very
little downtime. You're not rebuilding
your motor at a half million miles.
That's not a thing.
So longterm it can be very affordable.
So fleet operators are ditching diesel
for in this case Tesla semi. Low energy
costs again 15 to $25,000 per year
cheaper.
So it comes down to the dollars and
cents. Is it cheap enough? So who makes
them? We've got a bunch of uh companies
in the US already selling them to an
extent. Freight liner, if you haven't
seen it, it's outside. It doesn't look
quite as cool as this, but it's also not
nighttime. It drives just the same. For
those who don't know, these are made
down the street right here in Portland.
Got some options from Kenworth, which is
uh Kenworth Peter Packar Group. These
are made up in Reon, Washington. You've
got the Mac. Those are mostly garbage
trucks at this point. Not an insult.
They actually haul trash. Those are made
in Pennsylvania. BYD. They're made in
China, but they're assembled in Los
Angeles. The same plant that makes the
BYD buses. Wachi Washington has those.
They're reasonably popular. Oh,
International is out of San Antonio.
European choices, Volvo, Mercedes, who
uses a lot of the same R&amp;D that's done
for the EC Cascadia. It's a also a
Daimler group. Yeah. Scania, man. You
notice these look a little different.
They have different total length limits
in Europe, but uh something to do. And
in China, too many to name. China's
going very aggressive on their electric
big rig shipping because energy security
is national security and China does not
have a lot of oil. So when gas prices go
through the roof, China is less affected
on their shipping than perhaps we would
be. Here it is. Chinese trucks could go
100% electric. They're saying by 2030 to
2035 they could be 100% electric on the
shipping.
And then of course I didn't mention the
Tesla Semi because this is a amazing,
incredible, unbelievable piece of
equipment. It can do everything you see.
500 miles of range.
Lowest cost of anyone in the US.
Cargo on parody with diesel. electric
big rigs. Instead of being limited to
80,000 gross vehicle weight, you've got
82,000.
This only weighs about 2,000 lbs more
than a comparable diesel. You're getting
the same total cargo capacity.
And the only problem is coming soon.
That's kind of a recurring theme with
things that are really good. You can't
have them. But the factory is almost
done. It's in Sparks, Nevada. I was out
there a couple months ago. And the
building is done. The outfitting is
mostly done. We will see those rolling
out this year. And they've already sold
hundreds of them to clients like Pepsi,
Fredo, and others around the country
who've put them into their test fleet to
see does it work? Is this going to save
us some money? Honorable mention to
Windows. Looks a lot like the Tesla Semi
because there's only so much you can do
with a slippery shape. These will be
comparable to Tesla in many ways. about
the same range, about the same price,
and you also can't have one because
they're not available. So, on the range,
I just put together a list of a bunch of
them. You'll notice it says miles and
kilometers. So, the Tesla at 325 or 500.
You've got the uh EC Cascadia at 155 to
250 miles of range. And you'll notice
very few of them go over 300 miles of
range. And one thing that all of the
ones over about 350 have in common is
you can't have them. Those are all in
the coming soon category or somebody
else has got the pilot, but those are
absolutely coming. So, what's the big
question? Ah, yes. What's the price?
Well, I'll give you a hint. It's a lot.
So, let's get more specific. The prices
are undisclosed. You can't go to their
websites and look up the prices. You
can't order it like an iPhone or a car.
Uh it's more like a used car. You got to
talk to them. We do know what the prices
are. State of California has these very
aggressive incentives that are open for
the shortest amount of time. You would
believe, but in that they have to all
the buyers have to present invoices that
show what the cost is for the trucks. We
get to see those. They're public record.
So the diesels of course we know 150 to
180. the legacy guys, the eCascadia, the
Volvo, they're all coming in in the 400
to 500 range. Even when you're buying
big orders, that's a lot of money.
Remember, we said you could save 150,000
over five years or 10 years. Well,
great. That only brings my price down to
still too much. So, that makes it a real
tough sell. But then you get to the
companies that are doing just EV semiis,
the BYDs, the Wind Rows, the Tesla, and
you're seeing prices more like 180 to
280. So that means if you're saving that
25,000 a year, it's a free truck. If
you're saving only 15,000 a year over 10
years, it's almost a free truck. And
there's reasons why the legacy guys
charge more. They have to. And if just
as a side note, in China these cost 60
to 180.
So they are much cheaper in China, but
all the vehicles are.
The specs on these different trucks,
they're all going to be 800 volt
architecture. They're almost all going
to be on the megawatt charging standard.
Uh eventually the eCascadia is on CCS1,
two handles if you like. That's not
because they uh are behind the times.
It's because they were ahead of the
times. There was no megawatt charging
standard. All the companies are
migrating to it. Maybe except for Tesla.
150 to 500 miles. We talked about the
range already. 1000 horsepower common
torque at zero RPM just like any EV. And
a,000 foot-pounds of torque up to the EC
Cascadia. And I have confirmed this
23,000 pounds of torque. Feels like a
lot. Charging forever. It takes forever
because even on megawatt charging, if
your battery is 700 kilowatts,
it's going to take forever. So, what are
the obstacles?
I asked AI to give me a picture with a
thumb on a scale, and I guess I didn't
specify where on the scale. So, we know
the repeal of the greenhouse gas
endangerment findings. So the EPA gutted
those rules. The elimination of
qualified commercial clean vehicle tax
credit. That's not helping. The list
goes on. Freeze legal challenge and
restrictions of EV charging
infrastructure funding and related
programs. Increase tariffs on not just
the Chinese EVs, but all the Chinese
components that go into the EVs,
including the trucks. So there is I've
talked to a number of people said,
"Good. I'm glad we're taking our finger
off the scale." We're not. we're just
putting it on the other side and legal
actions preempting states from making
their own ZEV mandates. It's a bit, you
know, frustrating, but what are you
going to do? But I'm going to tell you
the biggest obstacle anyhow you slice it
is the cost. We talked about how much
they cost. They were 400 500,000. Well,
the real sweet spot is 300,000. If you
can get it under 300,000 to your door,
it can make sense because you're going
to save 150 to 250. Over 10 years,
you're coming out ahead. And it even
says that 300 right there. There were
incentives in place that made it easier
to get it to 300. But when you're
looking at you need to build a semi,
whoever you are, you're a new company,
an old company, you need to build a
semi. How are you going to do it?
There's two approaches. One approach is
let's start from scratch. Let's figure
out what we actually need and build
that. Build a factory for it. Build
that. If you do that, it's going to cost
you a good $2 billion to get it built
out and running. That's a big ask. Some
companies are doing that. Tesla's doing
that. BYD's done that. Windrose is
hoping to do that. But all the big guys
are saying, you know, I've already got a
Cascadia. Why don't I just jam in an
electric drivetrain? It's going to save
me a billion dollars upfront and it
does. The flip side is each truck now
costs 150,000 more than it should and it
doesn't get as much range as if it was a
purpose-built EV. So, which one is the
worst solution? Well, I think
Freightlininer did okay with their bet
because the electric trucks aren't
really moving right now. So, when cost
comes down, it can happen. Q&amp;A time.
Questions must be short. They must end
with a question mark. Those are my only
rules. If you've gotten value out of
this, I do invite you to follow me on
YouTube. I'm putting out videos
absolutely every day and guest
appearances and all that. And I
hopefully have some idea what I'm
talking about. Any questions? Yes.
&gt;&gt; You were saying that the assumption is
that it's 400 $500,000 for the cost for
the legacy. What what's your what's your
data to support that? the uh so when
companies would submit their paperwork
to get rebates in New York and
California, they would have to submit an
invoice for the truck that they're
buying, the the list price is on there.
So like the Mac truck class 8 garbage
truck is $500,000.
We just know that it's been $500,000 all
along. The Tesla semis we've seen on
there, not very many because they
haven't made very many. We're in the
$240 to $260,000
range. It's possible they're losing
money at that price. I I can't see
behind that curtain.
So, we are able to guess. Now, on
garbage trucks, I assume you're buying
six or eight, not 500. Maybe if you
bought 500, the price would be
significantly less, but I don't know.
Yeah. Yes, sir. So
in the Tesla network the supercharging
network was very important. So is there
go a similar plan for the semi-charging?
&gt;&gt; Okay. Getting So the question was if
Tesla's big advantage was having a
charging network, they couldn't grow
until they got it. Is that coming for
trucks? Freight Liner has the biggest
network in the US already. Dozens of
locations. Tesla's building theirs out.
It's going a lot slower. There's less
demand. Tesla's still got the only
different handle in the country.
They may change that. In this case, the
mega charging standard is better than
the Tesla semi-standard. In the case of
the Tesla handle, theirs was better than
CCS, but the mega charging standard can
go up to a megawatt. The Tesla one, I
guess, can do 1.2 in theory, but it
doesn't. We'll see how it goes. So yes,
the charging network is already being
built out and there is strong motivation
to keep the costs reasonable because if
they get too high, it's dead. Yeah. Any
other questions?
See, yes.
Is the uh range for the the Tesla truck
that's fully loaded and uh how do you
keep the brakes from catching on fire
fully loaded going downhill without uh
compression rate.
&gt;&gt; Perfect. Is all all those weights, all
those ranges, is it fully loaded? And
the answer is almost universally yes,
fully loaded. Um if it's empty,
apparently they can go absurd amounts of
distance. There's an annual survey of
these trucks where they do a test and
the test isn't unified. The test is what
do you do with the truck? We're going to
put some equipment in it that measures.
So, it's real world testing, but it's
not universal. It's not controlled as
well as you might like because we're
using real customers, real cargo, real
all of that. So, the Tesla Semi is rated
for a real 500 miles fully loaded. That
can be reduced by if you're going over
the mountain. The biggest route that
that semi does for Tesla is from Sparks,
Nevada to Fremont, California, back and
forth every day over Donner Pass.
&gt;&gt; Oh, wow.
&gt;&gt; And they did show the Telmatics. If
you're driving in a Tesla, you can see
in real time. There's the chart that
shows your efficiency. And when you're
climbing the mountain, you're going
through a lot of juice. But when you get
to the top, if you're at 70, it's going
to regen all the way back down. You
might be at 78 by the time you get to
the bottom of the hill. So fully loaded
your brakes, you may not even touch
them.
&gt;&gt; Mhm.
&gt;&gt; So
&gt;&gt; So there's no need for engine brakes.
&gt;&gt; Correct.
&gt;&gt; Okay. So they don't get hot. The trailer
brakes don't get hot going down. No
chance of fire.
&gt;&gt; Right.
&gt;&gt; And the nice thing that the Tesla Semi
does, and it's not unique. A lot of the
newer
u autonomy focused trucks do this. Have
you noticed you hear a lot fewer stories
about jack knife trucks? They're all
they've all got computers that are
trying to make it never happen. So, a
Tesla Semi so far has never jacknifed,
but that is also true of a lot of the
newer class 8 trucks with all the fancy
traction, whatever they're doing. So,
yeah, hopefully uh the nice thing is
going down the mountain doesn't get hot.
Shouldn't need the runaway truck ramp.
Shouldn't. I mean, they shouldn't
anyway, but um Yeah. Doesn't it gets you
back some juice, doesn't make the brake
dust. It's just a win-win all around.
Yeah.
&gt;&gt; Yes, sir.
&gt;&gt; In the battery management system, one of
the early uh issues with electric cars,
which was way overblown, was fire,
spontaneous fires. Do you know if
there's been any fires with any of the
&gt;&gt; uh trucks?
&gt;&gt; I only know of So the question was early
EVs had a a reputation probably
undeserved of fires. How are the semis
doing? I've only heard of one fire
involving any of these and it was a
Tesla that was off the side of the road.
I don't know what happened. EVs are no
longer fireprone. They are 20 times less
likely to burn than a gas car. And I
think a gas car is five or 10 times more
likely to burn. A hybrid is 20 times
more likely to burn. But the battery
tech just keeps getting better. The
batteries in the Tesla Semi right now
are the Panasonic 2170 cells from Reno,
Nevada. They're planning to switch them
to the 8 4680s that they're making in
Texas. Those are cells that they've been
working on for years. They're reasonably
safe is is the best I can say. Most of
the all of the Chinese ones are using
LFP batteries. Those are really hard to
burn. So, and they last really well,
too.
Anyone else? Have I done it? Have I
gotten all the information across? I
want to thank you guys for coming out.
There is an eCascadia here. I've been
assured that we can sign up if you want
to go for a ride in it. I plan to do
that if possible. Uh, but I want to
thank you guys for coming out. And, uh,
a little thing I do is because you made
it to the end, if you really need a Hot
Wheels of an electric car, I've got some
over here. You might be able to convince
me to hand it over. All right. Thank you
guys.