Channel:     brighterwithherbert
Title:       The CyberCab Launch Everyone Said Would Never Happen
URL:         https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_CZrR8Tj31c
Published:   2026-08-24 18:59 UTC
Fetched:     2026-08-24 20:00 UTC

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Major moves for Tesla Robo Taxi this
weekend. First, Tesla has confirmed that
the Cybercap will now officially be part
of Robo Taxi begin next week, September
3rd. It took just 23 months from the
unveiling 1010 event October 10th, 2024
to now launch. This is the car the press
called another unfulfilled promise, and
yet somehow it's now here. Second,
Nevada approved Tesla's full permit up
to 5,000 robo taxis. The approval was
for the whole state, but interestingly,
Tesla said they'd be extremely happy
with 2,500 by this time next year. Is
that much less than most people
expected? We'll discuss. William O got
approved for a thousand the same day.
Third, the robo taxi fleet count is now
at 98 robo taxis, 672 in the Bay Area,
154 in Austin. All of them now
unsupervised. In Houston, nearly every
car was out taking rides on a Sunday
with singledigit weight times. Fourth,
the Wall Street Journal's Dan Neil said,
"FSD is the best thing about the new
Model Y." His words, "By the end of the
second hour, I was bewitched." Elon
replied saying, "Feels like magic." And
finally, Tesla's hiring vehicle
operators in Frankfurt, which is how
this always starts in a new country. We
got Jeff Lutz joining us today. Jeff is
an ex supply chain sea level executive
from Motorola, Google, Lenovo. He's
currently running his own consulting
firm serving mega cap tech and supply
chain design and manufacturing. Welcome,
Jeff.
&gt;&gt; Hey, Arbert. Yeah, we're we're uh going
up on the roller coaster here and about
to launch Cyber Cab. Pretty exciting.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Uh so the event has now been um
officially uh stated that it is
September 3rd in Austin. This is the
invite and I got an invite and you got
an invite.
So we are looking forward to going to
this uh event. It's an event. So, it's
not just what they did last year in June
22nd where you basically got to just
hail a a robo taxi. This is an event.
So, be curious what they might actually
end up doing here because they're going
to have, you know, food, drinks, there's
going to be likely a presentation. But
boy, Jeeoff, I I just hope it's more
than just, hey, welcome everybody.
Here's CyberCaps. Go ahead and take it.
How many Cyber Caps do you think that
they will launch with? And might there
be a hey some big I mean if you're going
to do an event maybe there's some sort
of big surprise.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Well so first off there's a lot we
don't know about the cyber cab. So I
hope Tesla starts filling in the blanks.
They don't have to tell us exactly how
the cyber cab is designed. But I think
there's a lot going on, no pun intended,
under the hood of this thing for it to
get to its mass and to get to its part
count. Uh how it's constructed. How's
one how's the unbox model going in the
factory
and does Tesla have plans to go beyond
you the US with this? I think there's
just a lot uh to to understand. So I I'm
I'm hoping to learn more in the event. I
think people should uh should dampen
their expectations in terms of unit
volume for a little bit. And then I have
a I have I have the flip side to that
too
because I know we're going to talk a bit
about the Nevada permit later as well. I
just think for this event I think
there'll be plenty of cyber cabs to for
people to take rides and experience it.
I think this has been a a long time
coming. Remember they had to refit these
engineering models from the existing
fleet to the new uh cyber cabin form
factor. Lars told us that in June.
That's been going on for a couple of
months. They've been doing pickups for
employees at Giga Texas and then they've
started giving uh employee rides in I
think Greater Austin. We're seeing pe
we're seeing video now of cyber cabs
driving with you know no steering wheel
and you know someone in them, someone
even not in them. And so I think this is
all starting to come together. We're
seeing permitting for wireless charging.
I think that's going to be a critical
thing to grow the fleet. that's still a
ways uh you know still has to be built,
still has to be permanent approved and
built. So there's a lot going on. I
think we're going to learn new things. I
think there'll be plenty to take rides
in. But you know, putting hundreds or
thousands out on day one, I I would say
is ill advised in my experience. Again,
being on the on the product launch,
owning that, you have to own the the
supply of it. You have to own the
quality experience of it. You don't want
to mar that day with a problem.
You want it to be perfect. You want
people getting in and out of these
things, having flawless rides. You want
good reviews because this is where a lot
of that initial impression is. And as we
saw with the Nevada permit, one of the
reasons that I think that permit came in
so so quickly and with a lot of
confidence is Tesla's been running, you
know, knock on wood, a fairly error-free
operation. So, I'll pause there, but I
think we're going to learn new things
and I think there'll be plenty to take
rides. I just if I'm Tesla, I'm not
putting many hundreds or thousands into
Austin. I'm going to I'm going to layer
them in just like I layered Model Y robo
taxis in.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, the invite says um clearly that
it's exclusive access. This at this
point, we think it's very small number
of group of people. Um they think the
winners of the lottery will just be only
five people. And then they said, "Do not
bring any other content creators as your
plus one guest." But there is plus one
guest. So I'm expecting um you know
maybe 10 cyber caps out there for people
to wait and get a ride for and that's
about it. And we'll see what happens
when it actually rolls out to be
launched. I just wanted to spend a
second here thinking about all the
people who doubted that this vehicle
would even ever make it into you know
reality. Uh remember 1010 October 10th
2024 that was a big giant event they
revealed the cyber cabab the robo van
the optimus and Nick Cruz Patain said so
many people doubted that Tesla would
actually make cyber capab in less than
two years they went from showcasing
their vision to now reality the car is
going to change everything remember the
1010 event in uh to now they did it with
under two years and now it's actually
there 23 months from unveil to launch
Elon replied to that saying The greatest
privilege of my life is being able to
work with incredible people to create
amazing products. The are articles
written on October 11th. Elon Musk
hilariously claims Tesla cyber cab will
be available in two to three years. Much
like flying cars, Musk's robo taxi seems
to always be two years away at Novak.
Uh, from self-driving cars in 2017 to a
million robo taxi in 2020. Will the
Cybercap be another one of Elon's
unfulfilled promises? Yeah. Yeah. What
do you think about that, Jeeoff?
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Not that anything's changed, but I
mean, that was a a highly uh politicized
time, too, uh during that time period,
but we were at that event. It was it was
amazing to see the Cyber Cab in person.
And quite frankly, it's amazing to see
the pictures of the production version.
They look incredible. This is I mean I
know there were changes from the
prototype to the production version, but
it it looks like it got you know better
on many respects including the finish
and and being able to achieve that
finish um you know at a production level
that high gloss finish. High gloss is
difficult to to deal with. Matte is is
actually much easier. It's easier at
hiding defects. Um but high gloss is
actually pretty difficult to deal with.
And so I just I it's one of these things
where I I always get excited when I see
the production version of the product
and it looks
&gt;&gt; incredible. It looks really
&gt;&gt; really good. And I I wasn't surprised at
two years. I mean they've been working
on the cyber cab you know that entire
year and and they've been working on the
architecture for a couple years prior.
So we heard about we even heard about
the architecture of the cyber cab at uh
investor day I think 2023.
So, this has been a long time in the
making. It's not like Tesla kicked off
the program on 1010. Uh, but and I
understand why the media would doubt a a
major Tesla date. Look what was wrapped
around this date. This is not only just
you're not just making a car. You had to
make a car that was significantly lower
cost. You'd have to get through
regulatory approvals for no steering
wheel, no brake pedal, and you'd have to
get to an unsupervised FSD. There's a
lot that had to converge to make this
happen. And then you've got a new
approach to manufacturing.
Uh there's a lot going on here. So, I
mean, just my hats off to the Tesla
team. When you have this many data, when
you have this many new things
converging, it's extremely difficult to
manage. And this is why this is why
there isn't another cyber cab competitor
launching anytime that we know of. Uh
when I say cybercab, I mean something
that looks this compelling
uh at this price point and at this
ability to scale. You have to take all
and something that can actually be a
real business. That's why there really
isn't a competitor launching to and
there's there's nothing even announced
or even close.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. like an entire robo taxi service.
That is unbelievable. Whole new supply
chain, whole new manufacturing process.
Every part is different. Uh and here we
are. It's going to
&gt;&gt; management, cleaning,
&gt;&gt; charging.
Uh all
&gt;&gt; Oh, yeah. The app, Jeff. Apparently the
app,
&gt;&gt; the app was difficult. I guess
apparently the app was the most
difficult thing that people think that
Tesla could do.
&gt;&gt; They needed Uber for the app. So
&gt;&gt; yeah, they needed Uber for the app.
Yeah, you know, um th this is this is
difficult to do and and and remember
Tesla is th they still have to get into
commercial service and they still have
to be flawless and they have to make
money. So there's still a road ahead.
the launch is everybody should take a
deep breath just the fact that you know
we are able Tesla is able to launch this
but there's still you know there's still
a big road ahead of like this has to be
a profitable you know growing business
but I mean the setup is incredible these
aren't $200,000 cars
&gt;&gt; uh with that you've got to do mapping
and you know this looks like it's it's
been set up as a real platform in
business.
&gt;&gt; All right. Well, it looks like that they
are making moves. Cyberc cab is now, you
know, taking the steps to become true
production level. Uh, Cyber Reema, uh,
she's been out there tracking all the
Cyber Cabs in Austin and she's been
taking videos and here's one that she
found. No steering wheel, no pedals. The
supervisor was sitting on the right
side. So, remember, this is a cyber cab
with no steering wheel or pedals at this
point. Sitting on the right side driving
around. Cyber cap decals on the sides
and back. Windows were down. Almost
every golden cyber capab is a production
version on the streets of Austin ahead
of the Sarcap launch event on September
3rd. That's her uh every time she's seen
one now. That is what they're all saying
at this point. So, um Oops. I got to
take the music down. Yeah,
let's take a quick look. Just uh Yeah.
So, she's she she was able to track it.
There you go. The person's on the
sitting on the far right. There's nobody
sitting in the uh driver's seat. Yeah,
it's happening. More and more of that is
happening. Okay. So then, um,
&gt;&gt; you'd want to you'd want to see that.
Obviously, you're two weeks from an
event where you're putting the public in
these things. So, you're going to see I
think you're going to see swarms of
these things being tested.
&gt;&gt; Um, I actually think overnight is is a
good time to test because of just of
traffic and and as you gain greater
confidence and you start putting them
out um, you know, in normal times.
All right, this is the latest count. Um
I'm not sure how accurate this is as we
always say because we don't know these
trackers. Uh but they the currently
people are saying that there's 98 robo
taxis in a total fleet for Tesla all the
cities. You can see the growth uh chart
here, the fleet growth 617 in the Bay
Area. And we know that those are not
robo taxis. I mean they're robo taxis
but they're not they're right hail but
they're not unsupervised. They still
have a supervised driver using FSD. And
then Austin is now 154, Dallas 32. I
don't I guess I don't know why Houston's
not here. Um and uh the other thing that
they were noticing is that the Tesla
robo taxi service, Ab Manu Yadav, has
been um checking this out quite
regularly. We've been showing a lot of
his posts uh has come so far in a month
in Austin because in last month we used
to barely have any service and getting a
car was so hard and random. You would be
worried if you would be stuck somewhere
without any cars available. Now it is
awesome and the more and more are
reporting that they would order a car
and it would come within a decent amount
of time. The services got more popular
too and experiences way more polished
than before. That doesn't mean that
there isn't work to do. There obviously
is. Not every part of Austin is getting
the same awesome experience I am. But
man, it feel sural watching the service
grow in real time right in front of my
eyes. Ashok is definitely delivering on
the 10% increase in miles weekly.
they're counting it and they think that
it's uh at you know 11% 12% or something
like that. So that seems to be happening
and then we're also seeing updates in
Houston. Pause there Jeeoff thoughts on
what you hear.
&gt;&gt; This is what this is what they need to
be doing. This is the stuff that doesn't
get tremendous
reporting because remember it's kind of
we launched and you see a couple of cars
out there and actually that that is
disappointing to people but that's
that's how you you do it. you won't go
into Tampa and put a 100 cars out there
um because you'd have a bunch of
problems. So, um this is how you do it.
You start with a small number of cars
and a and a small service time window
and a small service area. You increase
the service area, you're increasing
miles. You increase the the the the
service time span and how long these
things are out there, you're also
increasing miles. So, this is what Tesla
is steady steadily doing and they're
monitoring all the data and they're
they're they're driving meaningful
improvement. Something clearly must have
happened in robo taxi software and
performance over the last month because
a month ago, you know, in July, you're
getting reports of just high service
demand, not a lot of cars, long wait
times, very inconsistent. Sometimes the
service is not even there for a day. And
now it's it's very it's consistently out
there. And many I think when there is
high service it's just a lot of people
using the service. So something
something must have clearly clicked in
from a you know an update perspective.
But we still know that there's these
issues with drop off and looping that
Tesla needs to work through and resolve.
And my guess is that's the key area of
focus between now and 93. And you know
hopefully there's we see resolution of
that even this week.
uh because you'll you'll have you know
you've got a lot of people coming down
you have a lot of people using the
service. So anyway, I this this is what
I've said. This is what I've said for
months now. This is software. Okay,
these are models trained AI models. Got
it. But this is software. Tesla got the
hardware right. That's the that's the
long tenpole. They had to go change
hardware. This be a serious problem,
serious push back on the program. So
when I see these people come out on X
and they're like, "It's not ready."
Well, no kidding. We know that we
Anybody can watch a video and see
somebody loop looping for 20 minutes and
get come to the conclusion it's not
ready for scale. By the way, there's a
lot of people that are saying like, why
aren't they doing it? It's it's it's
perfect. So, this is where you have to
step back. You have to look at the data
and it it will be very clear. It'll be
very evident that these complaints will
go away and it'll be very obvious. Uh
you'll see it in the number of vehicles.
you'll see it in the service time window
and the and the uh the distance or the
span of the service area and that they
that they've resolved these issues. So,
it's not it's not a surprise they still
have to that resolve these things. But
at software, I think it's very close. If
I'm Tesla and I'm in this position and
in in my experience of launching
hardware and softwarebased products, you
keep your foot, no pun intended, keep
your foot on the pedal. You're getting
the hardware out. you're getting product
into into distribution knowing you can
just hit these things over the air and
make them, you know, literally, you
know, transform and be perfect just for
this software update.
&gt;&gt; Something did uh sound like it changed
as you said something a little bit
earlier as you were talking that made me
realize that, you know, there's like I
was wondering why did they do a lottery?
Why did they do that? And why only five?
But number one, it's great to be able to
say, "Hey, this is a real service with
real consumers, not just influencers.
But two, you know what that did? It got
a lot of people to come to Austin in the
last week to just get as many rides in
as possible and allows them to boost the
rides so they can really test uh, you
know, the final bit. Okay, we got lots
more to cover here. You got Houston robo
taxi update. Wait times in the single
digits now. Most robo taxis are out of
the lot, indicating full utilization of
the current fleet. Roughly 28 to 30 robo
taxis are out and about giving rides.
Robo taxi business seems to be picking
up in Houston. Uh Arian says, "Was
passing by the Houston Tesla service
center today? I'm impressed." Okay,
every every out robo taxi outride except
for two total cars. Uh max capacity,
everybody's in 10 minutes. Okay, so
there's these videos of them doing that.
Gold rush is coming. Blinking. you might
miss it. And then cyber cabab in
Pennsylvania has multiplied over the
weekend, which is interesting. Few more
test vehicles in the lot. So, they're
being spotted everywhere around the US,
uh, but Houston specifically. And then
one way to know whether or not they're
going to increase the production, Joe
Techer, of course, uh, his videos over
Giga Texas, and he saw a big clue. The
so these rear quarter inner structures
are manufactured in a plastic section of
Giga Texas. These inner structures are
bonded to the rim out outer glossy gold
panels and give strength, stability plus
mounting points in the outer panels
similar to how the Cybertruck outer
stainless steels panels have bonded
inner panels for attachment and stabil
stability.
Uh these will be needed in large
quantities to support a big ramp in
production. So it's a good indicator to
watch. So, this is the rear panel he's
talking about. And uh he's seeing more
and more of these rear panels in the
backdrop. And in the same way, he's
seeing Oh, I thought I had another one.
Front panels as well.
Yeah, there's no reason for them to not
pick up production. This is also a sign.
uh I I think it was clear from Tesla
that they would coordinate and calibrate
hardware output of the factory relative
to the services of uh readiness to
launch. So when you're when you're
bringing up a factory, your lowest
yields, which means the the amount of
passing product through a supplier or
station in the factory are at the
beginning of the program. And that's
actually, you know, on on one hand, you
want to run that process as quickly as
possible and you want to expose all the
problems. And my and I'm sure Tesla has
been able to do that. They don't have to
run the whole factory at sub 10 seconds
to at click rate if that's what they're
targeting. They don't have to do that.
They can they can run each individual
station. They can even run them faster
than to to really expose all the warts,
all the problems, and then solve them.
Because what's nice here is you don't
need you're not under this constant
pressure of having to grow volumes
significantly every week. that pressure
is is coming I think but uh I think for
this last you know several months four
months or so since April Tesla's been
able to methodically get the product
built in the factory
reduce the problem set in the factory
increase this each station efficiency in
the factory and do it the way you'd want
to do it because if you can do it and
minimize the amount of material you're
scrapping minimize the amount of
material you're reworking you're not
going to get this huge huge gross margin
hit and that's one of the reasons you're
not seeing that on the earnings calls as
well. New new product launches are
typically a pretty big drag on gross
margins. Uh so we'll see what they
report in the in the third quarter
coming up here because now they they've
built a lot more of them. But I I think
Tesla's been able to do I'm not
surprised to see them the the the
increase in output. It feels like
everything just got clicked into a
higher gear. uh the output of the
factory, the number of rides in service
area out, you know, so it seems like
we've gone up another level. The the
sentiment though on the on the company,
I mean, it's it's improving, but the
sentiment didn't I don't think moved up
as quickly as as the the Tesla factory
did in output of of these parts or or in
the improvement in the service uh you
the actual service uh the robo taxi
service. I don't think the sentiment is
actually so that's that's an interesting
thing to think about. Yeah, I wonder if
the I mean, we'll see because just this
weekend was a big weekend, right? We got
confirmation September 3rd. You've got
Nevada approval. Maybe the sentiment
will start changing this week though.
Um, this is the Nevada approval.
And a beautiful thing, it's not just Las
Vegas. This is the committee, the Nevada
Transportation Authority. They met with
uh Tesla, with Whimo, with Zuks. They
were all, I think, in the event. Sawyer
merits, you know, listened into the full
4hour meeting that they had and what
came out was incredible news for Tesla.
So, full approval. Tesla received
officially full approval for his
autonomous vehicle network company
permit in Nevada and uh they allow them
to deploy up to 5,000
and it doesn't it covers all of uh Clark
County but actually also all of the
entire state of Nevada as long as uh
Tesla notifies the commissioner when
they want to expand and he watched the
whole thing. So they got approval for
5,000 but during the discussion and uh
you know I think uh Tesla said would be
extremely happy if they will have
deployed 2500 to robot taxis Nevada by
this time next year.
Um the 5,000 unit cap just gives them
runaway if the market moves faster. What
do you think about that Jeeoff? Because
you know some people as as I think about
it 2500 next year that's what they said.
Tesla goes you know I'd be really happy
if we got 2500. It sounds a little bit
conservative. It sounds very um if
that's just one state, 2500 only for one
state, you know, 10 states is 25,000. 20
states is 50,000. If you take that same
2500 per state kind of thing. Um it just
seemed a little bit low. Although maybe
Nevada is only I think 1% of the
population. So maybe that's all they
needed. What's your thoughts on that?
&gt;&gt; Yeah, there's a lot of variables. I
don't think Tesla knows. I think a a
5,000 unit permit when when the highest
fleet in the country countrywide is at
4,000.
It shows that this is actually scaling
uh pretty significantly. This meaning
you know robotic automated driving with,
you know, nobody driving, no human
driving. And I think it's going to take
time for the population to get used to
this. We're seeing all kinds of
resistance to technology and AI. Part of
it's because the way it's actually
launched. And so, and I I'm I actually
think Tesla's approach, this methodical
approach, this focusing on being
error-free approach will help the public
gain significant confidence in the
service. And I think Tesla really has to
focus here. Are there other things that
they can do? or they're celebrity
influencers that can that can get people
comfortable with the service. Whimo's
done some pretty some fantastic
commercials about it. The news media, I
mean, everybody clicks on these things.
So, if there's a a robo taxi stuck
somewhere, if it it's blocking traffic,
every it's for whatever reason, the
media just likes reporting on it. They
don't like reporting on, you know, real
things that affect humanity like
homelessness. But they'll like they'll
focus on this. So it it just that's what
they do. So I think Tesla's approach
here has been pretty good. But I think
this is not a gear.
So I'm I'm actually very impressed with
how Tesla's improving it. But this whole
gear of like marketing and getting
customers
bought and this is not in Tesla's
wheelhouse. So if you ask me like are
there risks out there? Yeah. One of the
risks is that robo taxis are not
accepted or they start becoming rejected
and and this is something that has to be
managed very carefully. I think there's
a number of ways you can do it by the
way too. I think you can get influencers
out there. I think you can also
potentially I think Tesla's going to
start at a very low cost or price for
the service. I think there's ways to
attract
uh people to it and I think you we
should tip our hats to Whimo because for
essentially two years or or actually for
six years they've been running um
uh driverless service but definitely
growing in the last two years they're
starting to normalize this in city. So,
I think this is one of those things. And
by the way, the other thing about the
2500 and the 5,000, if I'm Tesla, I I I
have a wide range. I don't know. Maybe
it's going to be maybe they're going to
be going for a new permit because it
needs to be higher. Um, it's hard to
say, but they have the production
capability and the cost structure to
service either end of it. And I think fi
one final thing, robo taxis have been an
urban thing and and Ubers have been and
mostly based in in larger cities and now
they branch out to the suburbs, but but
everyday Uber usage like I want to go to
the grocery store, I want to go run
these errands or I want to do that's not
a thing. Um certainly not in the
suburbs. I think robo taxi and its cost
structure has the first is the first
chance to actually crack that and also
crack like do I need a second or third
car or do I just start using more robo
taxis so I don't and Lars told us this
like what is the thing that people are
not thinking about with cyber cap and he
goes it's the volume it's how big this
is going to be how big this can really
be and I think that we we continue to
underestimate
&gt;&gt; how big the United States is how many
cities and suburbs there really are just
talking about Nevada and Las Vegas, but
it's there's a lot of room for robo
taxis, I think.
&gt;&gt; Good leadway. Uh because uh first of
all, just to clarify, Tesla did say
they're going to launch first with Model
Y's. Cybercap will know.com at some
point, but they're going to start with
Model Y robo taxis in Nevada. Just FYI,
so don't again cyber will probably be
sticking with Austin first before they
will move on. Tesla robo taxi said, "The
golden future is upon us." And uh I like
this image that Dave put together 2026.
There's this one cyber cab. You know the
famous image from New York's fifth
street fiveth Avenue where there was um
there was one horse carriage. H sorry.
Yeah. There there is all horse carriages
except there was one car in that was the
famous image in uh whatever year it was
1910 or something and then 10 years
later it was all cars but one horse
carriage. And so he's replicated it and
this time it's all horse carriages, one
cyber cab and eventually it's going to
be all cyber cows. We don't want horse
carriage. Yeah, that's going to be the
future. I love it. Great photo.
&gt;&gt; I think I think again this could also be
a disturbing image for a lot of people
too. Like this is like this is what the
streets are going to look like now. So,
I I just think we should look at both
sides of these and and consider how
people may be thinking. If the safety
story gets out and it gets out in a big
way, look how look how Volvo's brand
was, you know, was shaped by safety. If
the safety story gets out and the cost
story gets out, meaning the price and
that you don't have to spend what like,
you know, $100 for an Uber to go from,
you know, downtown area to an airport,
it can be $8 or something. If those two
stories get out and get out in a big
way, I think there will be broad
acceptance. If those stories don't get
out or there's this, you know, media
distortion field around AI,
then um, you know, it's it's a risk. I
it's a risk to keep in mind, but I go
back to my other statement. The US is
big. There's a lot of places to deploy
these things and Tesla can make a lot of
money deploying these things. It's a
question of concentration and volume and
does this become
a way of life. I I I eventually think it
will. I just think there'll be kind of
this jagged move as as it goes up and to
the right.
&gt;&gt; Okay. Well, the good news is uh we're
going to talk about it, but uh
journalist articles are starting to turn
positive. Wall Street Journal, Edmonds,
I'll talk about that. But before with
that, I want to quickly just share
what's happening with Whimo and Xiaomi
as well. So, Whimo also got approved for
full autonomous vehicle network company
in Nevada. So, they will be doing a
thousand mobile taxis over the next 12
months. That's their request, not 5,000
like um Tesla did. They just wanted a
thousand. Again, we know that they have
to build these cars. They've got 10
other cities that they're doing. So,
maybe that's the reason. Um, but in good
news for Whimo, they have cut their robo
taxi hardware cost from 115,000 per
vehicle to just 20,000 with their sixth
gen system. Huge cut in cost, a big
driver's vertical integration, including
a custom chip. So, now they make their
own chip capable a thousand tops that
process camera, LAR, and radar data in
real time. Just to be clear, the AI5
chip will be way more than thousand
tops. Uh but hey, these guys got
something that they built their own
chips is now working with some of the
biggest names in semiconductors.
AMD, Micron, Nvidia, SanDisk, TSM across
compute, memory, and manufacturing. This
is their disc uh chip. And then also
Xiaomi also planned to commercialize
their X-ring D100, China's first high
performance smart driving chip
manufactured using a three nanometer
process. So this is something that Tesla
and Elon knew a long time ago. You need
to own the supply chain. That's vertical
integration. They created their own
chips. AI 3, hardware 3, hardware 4, AI
5 coming up now. Their competitors are
starting to copy that. Do you want to
make comments about this?
&gt;&gt; Yeah, it's a lot of absurdity. I don't
know why people think that they know
the the price of these things. Uh
they're going to be wildly wrong or the
cost to build these things. I think
you're going to they're going to be
wildly wrong. I think Tesla's been very
clear about what they're targeting. I
don't think these other companies
have. Um but even if they have, it's
it's a question of how long does it take
to get there. Um, I I would I would
question some of these numbers uh that
are out there. Um, I'd also question
even on the high end too. Everybody
thinks that that um well, I just say
don't assume that that companies have to
pay the full like fully loaded price of
what you as a consumer like if they're
going to go buy thousands of these
things, they're going to be getting
somewhat of a deal. And and by the way,
some of these products have been end of
life and and these are last time buys on
them as well, which could also structure
they could also structure deals around
them because I think I just I just think
people are wildly guessing high and
wildly guessing low on some of these
things and it typically just doesn't
work that way. You don't typically put
out something that's, you know, 150 or
200k. I'm just throwing those numbers
out and then come out with something 10
times less, you know, while you're while
the other existing product is still in,
you know, in the field that way. So
anyway, I would just I would question
some of these things and then when
people start talking about a chip,
okay, I mean a lot of companies are
designing
uh their own silicon for inference. The
question is how does it perform? What's
the cost per watt? what's the power
consumption like you really have to look
at these things side by side to
understand
&gt;&gt; what's here uh do I think Tesla you know
I think you know in 2027 I think Tesla
is going to be out there pretty big in
volume of ro I think they're going to be
growing volumes of robo taxis I think
the FSD experience already feels
unsupervised but it may may be
officially unsupervised at some point uh
in the future and I just I have to look
around and say as somebody else going to
be out there with a compelling sub, you
know, $25,000 robo taxi in that time
frame at the kind of volume that Tesla
can produce there. There's at least a
couple of years of of
room. And then on the on the personally
owned vehicle side, I think it could be
upwards of five years. We'll see. I
mean, it it looks like Rivian's working
on something, but it's, you know, we we
we all had I mean, there's a, you know,
somebody had a ride from Sunnyvale to
Certino or whatever in in a Rivian R2,
and it's a it's a 10-minute ride, and
it's a couple of turns. I mean, we were
we had a couple of perfect rides on V12.
We may have had a couple of perfect
rides on V11, to be honest with you. Uh,
and then you're talking, you know, three
and four years ago for Tesla. But that I
think the tail the tale to go from a
couple of perfect rides to all of them
are that that Tesla has shown took them
three or four years. Maybe it'll be less
with AI. Maybe it'll be less with new
techniques and new new abilities to
simulate things. I don't know. But I I
don't I don't think it's around the
corner. I don't think it's even within a
couple of years. So I think that's the
thing to focus on if you're following
Tesla. You you can him and haw about
dates. Are they late or you know but you
have to I think you have to look at the
overall you have to look at the total
like what's the total business launching
not just the total volume of something.
What's the total business and how long
would it take for somebody to actually
catch up to that business?
&gt;&gt; Yeah, you made a very good point about
that. Whimo has what 4,000 cars. So,
yes, they're going to create their own
chips, but they only have 4,000 cars.
Tesla's got millions, 10 million cars
out there that have uh these AI4 chips,
AI3s, AI chips, and chips already for 10
years now. Xiaomi might catch up or at
least get a good handle because they've
got a couple hundred thousand cars and
so forth. But, um that's that makes a
difference. Not a chip. Chip's not the
same as other
&gt;&gt; even talks about that. Herbert, you
know, the hardware for chip is 3 years
into production
and probably I don't know 5 million plus
car 5 million sockets it's going into
and it's going into Optimus and hardware
5 is going to go into Optimus and and
the cars. So you have something that
goes into millions of sockets per year
and now we're we're trying to talk about
Whimo or something. It's a you know
couple hundred a couple thou I mean I
mean what's the depreciation? What's
what's the capex involved? What's you
know these these they have to take on
that allocation based on the number of
units that they're shipping. And again
unless they're using them in other
places that that wasn't clear. So people
really need to understand the supply
chain dynamics, the capital exposure and
the true all-in cost to to do these
things. The headlines just like to say
got their own chip, you know, but the
the cost piece of it is is something
that really needs to be understood and
is there really an underlying business
or not?
&gt;&gt; Earlier you talked about sentiment. Um
the good news is that we are starting to
see more and more publications speaking
positively about Tesla's full
self-driving. Here's Edmmonds. They
posted this. They said two really good
reasons to buy the Model Y. It's fun to
drive. FS is the real deal.
End
&gt;&gt; of the day, there's two really good
reasons to buy a Model Y. Number one,
like it's just fun to drive. And number
two, the full self-driving supervised,
you guys, it's the real deal.
&gt;&gt; It's the real deal. We've known that.
Now we're starting to see that. Here's a
Wall Street Journal article. Shocking.
Dan Neil, full drive is the best thing
about the new Tesla Model Y. Uh by the
second by the here's this quote by the
end of second hour I was bewitched. FSE
is amazing. I acknowledge I'm a sample
group of one with only the scant
scantist evidence to work with. Still I
know good driving when I see it. Mile by
mile the FE started to earn my
confidence in the white waterlike eddy
and flow rush hour interstate traffic.
FSE held its position beautifully.
stopping distances, following distances,
lane centering, the gradients of
acceleration, steering and braking, all
playing out in smoothly, continuous
linear fashions. Anybody who's used it
will start to feel this and start
believing how incredible this is. So, u
Elon said, "Try self-driving. Feels like
magic."
&gt;&gt; Well, we're certainly going through a
transition in the media,
&gt;&gt; right? It went from all it went from all
fake articles all the time,
&gt;&gt; everything and and and went from that to
now you're starting to see these art
you're starting to see this thing's
amazing. It's magic. You're starting to
see those, but you're also starting to
see these, you know, these writers that
have huge huge uh distributions like Dan
Neil, for example.
Of course, he still has to put a
qualifier. I'm only a sample size of one
and I only did this. But this is the
transition that eventually it you get
you go over the top and as long as the
service is really good, as long as the
performance is really good, you're
seeing people just switching and they're
flipping over. But it's not going to
happen overnight. But it went from
everything being fake, everything being
bad, everything being late to, oh my
god, this is this is magic. Oh, but I I
only had a sample size. By the way, when
you saw the, you know, somebody posted
about the again the Rivian ride, nobody
said, "Oh, it was just 10 minutes and it
was just two turns." They just said, "Oh
my god, it was a flawless ride." So,
just just know that there's differing
coverage, but it's flipping.
&gt;&gt; You're still going to have fake stuff
out there, but it is really starting to
flip in a meaningful way.
&gt;&gt; You can't It's It's You can only so
often deny something that's already here
in real. Um, I thought this was cool.
Farzad said, "I want to be able to talk
to Grock in my car and automatically
have it send commands and actions to my
Grock bot." And Elon said, "Agreed." So,
there'll be new features hopefully. Um,
Tesla's hiring vehicle operators in
Frankfurt, Germany. Just another
indication. Maybe Germany is looking
like it might be a positive because
that's critical for Europe to approve.
If Germany and five other four other
countries deny it, then that would not
happen. FC supervised will not appear in
Europe. Um Tesla Model 3 and Model Y at
their highest level of popularity in the
last five years. Look at that. Now the
popularity red is Model Y and the blue
is Model 3. I guess this is Google
trends of I don't know uh asking you
said Tesla FSD the gas prices of course
and the best value for our money. That's
what you're thinking it is. And then uh
final thing I just want to address this
because some people's headlines out
there were saying that Tesla need uh
China Tesla needs to recall three
million vehicles in China. Sounds big.
It is true but it is overtheair software
company will fix emergency door release
safety issues through warning labels and
a software update that lowers windows
after severe crashes. All cars in China
need to do this because this is a new
rule. Okay. So they'll receive an
overthe-air update to improve driver
attention monitoring and reduce
collision risk also as part of it too.
Um they are the largest participant in
this massive China recall covering 5.7
million vehicles. Um
yeah effective date September 25th. So
it's a free warning labels and
overtheair software update to lower the
windows after a crash. Vehicles that
have been labels do not need them
reapplied.
So just I just wanted to address that
because you can see already the
headlines.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Yeah. And this is good that you
safety first and and a lot of this is
being solved over the air which is good.
I know there's a design change coming I
think in China. It's being mandated
across all vendors. I think I I remember
reading 2029 but there's so there's
short-term actions then there's action
on new production. And I believe then
there's a future um there's some future
redesign changes that are needed. This
is good. This is what you know we want
to see everything progressing and moving
forward in the right way. And it looks
like the regulators in China are are
being supportive.
&gt;&gt; Yep. Thank you so much Jeff. That was a
good show today. Thank you for all the
advice and comments you made. Very good.
Follow Jeff on his ex account at the
Jeff Lots. Thanks everybody.
&gt;&gt; You