Channel:     munrolive
Title:       From SpaceX Hyperloop Winner to Swisspod Technologies Co-Founder | Denis Tudor Interview
URL:         https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=a_anHnS32HI
Published:   2026-04-16 13:45 UTC
Fetched:     2026-04-16 14:00 UTC

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Hi, welcome and roll live. Um, I'm Paul
Turble and we're doing a podcast today.
We've got Dennis Tutor with us who is uh
the co-founder of Swiss Pod
Technologies. Uh, kind of the company
making Hyperloop a real thing.
uh and we've recently seen uh in
November a big uh reveal and I wanted to
talk a little bit about that and the
technology behind it. So Dennis, you
want to uh give us a little quick
introduction?
&gt;&gt; Yeah, thank you so much for uh for this
and uh thank you so much for having me.
Um I'm I'm Dennis Tudor. I'm the CEO and
co-founder of uh of Swisspot. Um we
develop um hypo technologies. Um,
personally,
uh, we co-ounded the company, uh, back
in 2019 after winning a couple of times
the SpaceX hyperopod competition. So,
we've been involved in the in the ILS
challenge. That was amazing, I would
say. Um, I was part of two different
teams that, um, I co-ounded, one in
California and one in Switzerland. Uh,
and we won, uh, the innovation award.
Actually that was probably the greatest
award that we got from SpaceX. Uh and
after that I I did also PhD in
Hyperloop. So in Hyperloop sciences I
kind of linked the propulsion systems to
the vacuuming and to all the the
pressurization of the of the tube and uh
since 2019 I've been leading Swiss port.
So yeah it's pretty cool.
&gt;&gt; Oh that's fantastic. So, here at at
Monroe Live, we we love highlighting
great engineering and especially
breakthrough technologies like Hyperloop
uh with a vision of the future. Uh and
so that's that's something that our
listeners are interested in and and
we're we love to get a chance to to
highlight when we see it. And so,
Swissbod was a natural fit for us to
have a quick look at. Um, so in November
you guys did a reveal of some some
technology
uh demonstrator out in uh Colorado I
think it was. Could you tell us a little
bit about that?
&gt;&gt; Yeah, it was in Pueblo, Colorado. We had
AIS one that that's been tested in front
of 150 people. Was a pretty exciting
event. Uh we had our first fullscale
module running. So this is our first
full scale uh module. It's uh called
Iris one and actually uh is driven by a
singlesided linear induction motor which
is power up powered up by a battery pack
um which is on on board of the vehicle.
That's very important. So uh I love this
tech discussions. I'm a I'm a tech guy.
So uh I'll get deeper into that
conversation uh later. But yeah, that's
uh one was tested. We we reach almost 70
m an hour on a stretch of um uh uh 7,700
ft of track which represents today just
one/ird of the full track. So we want to
do kind of a mile of track which is
going to be a closed loop system uh in
the end. Uh, and the uh was was was
pretty exciting, especially that uh the
night before we had some sparkles in the
in the battery pack. Uh we have some
some powerful battery packs on board.
It's uh they have a discharge rate of um
50C. Uh and it's kind of like uh we we
wanted to push it crazy. Um and uh we
got that sparkles was um was was a bit
um uh was a bit tough but we had to wear
the whole night after. So we kind of
made it November 21st for the event was
uh
&gt;&gt; it's uh so such a familiar story
even for uh very tried and trueue
technology
when it comes to demonstrations and
tests and this is my background of you
know actually getting hardware to run.
Um, at the moment it's a little bit like
the Olympics where you know you may have
done this a thousand times you done this
giant slum but you have to actually do
it at the moment on that day and that's
not a it's not always easy.
&gt;&gt; It it felt a bit like SpaceX uh
competition. So I I'm I'm not sure if
you're aware of of how that happens or
how that happened. you you basically
have a week of tests and then Elon was
coming like on a Sunday and then you got
to show it off. You gota you got to make
it work on Sunday basically. So uh was
pretty tough but yeah was a great uh
reward after uh was was amazing actually
turned out to be an amazing event. So,
one of the big um
infrastructure issues that uh you have
when you try to do something like this
is the typical approach would involve,
you know, electrifying the track. And so
you have, you know, uh, a track that you
has high voltage in it and all the
things that can go wrong with stretching
miles of high voltage
uh, track out there. And one of the
great things about Swiss Pod is the
tried andrue kind of technology and it's
all the in the propulsion system on the
vehicle and so you can have a passive
track and so you can you tell us about
how you manage to to do that. How can
you do uh this kind of electric
propulsion without having an electrified
track? That's that's that's actually
yeah that's I mean it's it's it's it's
not easy at all. It's it's kind of super
complicated u our approach we we we had
to play I mean in all these higher rail
uh infrastructures or or mag systems you
as you mentioned you got to have either
electromagnets or magnets along the the
track or you got to have this you know
grid where you connect the train with
through a catenary you extract kind kind
of infinite power from um uh from the
grid um but that's kind of like u an
order of magnitude more expensive than
using passive uh passive tracks and uh
but there has been a reason why people
used to do that. I think technologies
were not that evolved and um you know
there there has haven't been so many
solutions that can actually you know
feel this let's say trust versus speed
profile. I think that's kind of the key
uh for for what we're doing. So using
kind of like a technology all embedded
into the vehicle itself, it creates a
lot of engineering work and uh a lot of
um uh we have a lot of challenges on on
the vehicle itself. And the the the
probably the the most important
challenge we overcame u um with with
this technology is to get rid of the end
effect of the of the machine. So we we
currently use a single side linear
induction motor um as a propulsion
system. It's kind of underneath the
vehicle. So it's you you cannot see it
but it's it's underneath the vehicle and
there are two reasons um to to use that.
First of all is the the cost of the
infrastructure and the second is the
alignment of the track. So uh most of
the transportation systems today they
are kind of massively subsidized by
governments which means that we as
taxpayers we got to pay for that. Um
however we want to create um a sort of
an abundance um financial abundance out
of this technology by just creating a
business case out of this transportation
system and not only um kind of a social
service for the taxpayers and having the
taxpayers paying for it. Um and and the
the the challenge actually was to uh
find a design of a machine which doesn't
really have um um kind of doesn't
exponentially go lower in terms of
thrust versus speed profile because any
sort of machine that you attach on the
vehicle is going to face that challenge
that you have a um after uh 100 miles an
hour you have like a significant drop in
terms of the thrust of the traction
force. of the vehicle that means that
you cannot accelerate more than maybe
150 miles an hour um which uh with such
a machine. So we found a way to control
everything from the converter uh in such
a way that we linearize this trust
versus speed profile. Um and that's kind
of like that's been the most difficult
part of it. And um that means that the
end effect is kind of canled. Um and at
speeds of maybe 400 m 300 miles an hour,
400 miles an hour, we're capable to um
to have an increase of um 7x in terms of
thrust versus versus speed profile. And
uh further on that enables basically
that the the vehicle can be powered up
by a battery pack that is connected
further through a um converter which is
driving further a single linear
induction motor. That means that our
capsule should be actually self-driven
and should be fully autonomous. And that
means basically that we created uh in
the end without even realizing we
created um kind of a a robot that can
propel itself very fast at speeds of
probably like 78 uh 700 miles an hour.
Let's let's kind of assume under the the
sonic barrier. Um I think that's a kind
of reasonable statement to to mention
without having a huge investment in the
uh in the infrastructure and that's h
that's happening because we managed to
control very well the power electronics
and uh having a reaction plate at higher
speeds made out of um higher
resistivity. we kind of read get rid of
this and the fact that um all these kind
of machines
um on the vehicles they they face um uh
so I I I think I think that's really
great for the future. I think it's not
only the cost of the infrastructure that
is is high using kind of electrification
on the track but it's it's also the
reliability. Imagine that you have a
thousand miles of track and then you
have like a few magnets broken along the
track. you got to kind of stop the
track, pressurize back, consume energy,
and then um um basically you got to stop
the whole um lane. So you cannot really
run anymore as long as the magnets are
not yet fixed. In our case, in in our
case, we can just remove the capsule.
&gt;&gt; Yes. because so if there's any issues
that with the propulsion system, it's
all contained in the the pod, the Swiss
pod, and you can just put in a new one
uh or swap it in and get uh like what we
do today with a a locomotive. You get
another locomotive on a train and get it
going. Uh
yes, you did mention one of the the core
issues that uh high-speed rail today
face. Um if you're using a a traditional
electric motor, you know, turning a
wheel, then as it goes faster and
faster, uh the power levels go up and
but and the ability of the motor to
deliver the power goes down. So a
typical induction motor has a power
curve that that drops off as it goes up
to higher and higher speed. But the your
use of the linear induction motor allows
you to get around that and and so the
capability of the motor isn't dropping.
I mean you're not defying the
conservation of energies as it goes
faster and faster and you want to
deliver thrust. You still have to
deliver the power.
One of the things I really love about
this technology is that
uh you're not making any claims of uh uh
you know breaking physical laws and
you're using some real tried andrue
technology. At its core it's induction
motor technology that you know Tesla
himself would be uh com comfortable
with. you know, he would see it
immediately recognize that and uh that
so that it's not there's not a
feasibility
hurdle for that you have to go over.
It's more engineering and economic that
you are addressing the e engineering and
economic concerns that you're addressing
and those are something you can you know
have a
an open issues list and work it down you
know uh same kind of uh good
oldfashioned engineering that um gets
projects on the road gets or in this
case on the rails um or floating above
the rails.
Yeah, there there's another statement we
kind of u go through. So I Iris one uh
was kind of great tested well. Iris 2 is
going to have a big surprise. We may put
a passenger in it. Uh and Iris 3 is
going to be the one that you know I
think is going to achieve a huge
performance. We envision for Iris 3 to
basically have a single device for
levitation and propulsion and stability.
uh but it should be very well
controlled. I think uh a linear
induction motor it's been something I
mean as you mentioned that it's been
there for a while but I think I think
the the whole kind of all systems behind
the linear induction motor are kind of
more important for instance the the
converter and the way you control and
all the control you do in the converter
I think it's it's great um and we we we
envision that 3 is going to have um Iris
2 is going to have like a device for
levitation and one for propulsion
And Iris 3 is going to have everything
embedded in a single device. So we
envision that we can build one single
device that can offer trust, levitation
and uh stability at high speed. Um I
mean that's that's a big challenge but
uh we're very positive about um about
that and um
&gt;&gt; that that is what you have in in your
patent. Um so
&gt;&gt; Oh, you check it. Yeah,
&gt;&gt; I did have a look at the patent. Yes.
&gt;&gt; Basically is is that
&gt;&gt; Oh yeah. Awesome. Awesome. So yeah, you
you guys have a patented uh uh
technology for doing exactly that that
in one device the the linear propulsion
plus
um stable levitation.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Yeah. It's and now the the claims
um have been uh uh um allowed so we'll
we'll get the patent like uh accepted
pretty soon. Very excited. It's it's a
new it's a new technology and I think um
I think you know I think the the optim I
mean we we're running an optimization
problem basically. So I think the the
company or the technology that is going
to require the least amount of uh uh the
the least amount of track um into the
tube and without any sort of um
complicated elements or electrification
in the track. I think that's going to
kind of win. Uh uh and you know seeing
seeing a Falcon 9 landing on three
different legs, right? I think made us
think that we should actually obtain uh
levitation stability
um and trust through through a single
device and using a single reaction plate
for that. And uh let's say at this
moment in time we cannot really see how
we can get rid of the guideway like the
two the two uh guideway systems for in
case something happens got to have a
mechanical landing right on sort of
wheels. Um but if we figure that out we
can actually use a single kind of a
monor rail uh for that and that that
would be awesome but I at this moment in
time I don't think it's going to be
safe. So uh but we we we also shouldn't
really go more than three rails which
means two guideways and one reaction
plate. Uh if if if a Falcon 9 can get
stability on three different legs, you
can actually get stability for for this
on three different uh uh passive rails.
&gt;&gt; So I am I'm curious about uh the the
prototype you have in the background. Uh
so is there anything that you can show
us uh with that on that prototypes? I if
I was there I'd be crawling all over it.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Yeah, definitely. Sure. We
actually released this to the public. Um
I one it's actually using only
propulsion. It has only the linear
induction motor. We we have stability
through wheels. We don't we didn't make
the levitation yet. The levitation is
going to come I for 2. So it's actually
under design and some of the some some
of parts some of the parts are already
under manufacturing. Um you can see here
like with yellow there are the the
battery packs. So um it's um the the
power to mass ratio of our vehicle for
instance it's kind of 10 times larger
than Tesla Model Y. Uh so we we embedded
a lot of power inside of the uh of kind
of very low amount of mass. I think the
the mass of um of this vehicle it's uh
it's around six 600 lb. I think uh it's
uh um and and the amount of power we
have it's quarter of a megawatt through
uh at the maximum rate. So it's kind of
like a
&gt;&gt; Yeah, that's that's it's quite a bit
that will uh so you can get some pretty
good acceleration out of that.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Yeah. And we haven't had yet
enough track. We have like 7 1,700 uh
feet of track, but we're we're
committing now to extend the track as we
kind of fund raise u uh fund raise more.
And I mean I'm happy to to make you a
tour if you want like with a camera.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, if you can do that. Uh sure.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; I don't want to put you on the spot with
that, but
&gt;&gt; Oh, it's pretty cool. This is I think
you know most of our viewers are
&gt;&gt; uh like to get technologically uh get a
view of things and there's nothing like
seeing it with your eyes to uh
&gt;&gt; and make things a little clearer. It's
actually you can see here underneath the
the single-sided linear induction motor
and the coils which were actually
manufactured by us and there's a you can
see the gap with the with the reaction
plate right here. So I'm going to try to
describe so as a in a in a normal
induction a typical induction motor this
would be in a circle and the the rotor
which is made of just nothing but steel
and aluminum no exotic materials and the
the rotor would be you know round uh but
in this case we've kind of unwrapped it
and so we have the rotor as the track.
So it's steel and aluminum uh in a track
and then above it is um the windings
which are essentially like a again steel
and copper no exotic materials but uh
&gt;&gt; steel and copper in arranged in a a kind
of tooththed comb type of arrangement
that uh is filled the way the slots in
the comb are filled with copper. And
usually usually if you look um if you
look at um all the mag systems in Asia
they have the coil I mean let's put it
this way the coils in the track which
makes the track to be very expensive
right uh but we we put the coils on the
vehicle which makes the the
infrastructure to be cheap and um to be
kind of affordable right so just just
wanted to I mean explain a bit that
&gt;&gt; that is absolutely key right uh trying
to make because the you know you're
going to try to lay miles and miles of
track and uh you know making that track
affordable
um is what makes the the whole system
affordable.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. And then we have here the they're
from there is a kind of a South Korean
company and they have like high
discharge uh battery packs. So the
battery pack it's you can see it right
here. Those are the cells. Um we have
like we have uh 100 series and three
parallel. So we have 300 cells of uh um
of uh of uh we have 300 cells and uh the
technology it's a lithium polymer. So
it's with NMC um and they can deliver
like max peak of um discharge rate. I
think it's max for a couple of seconds
75 C and then we have like kind of max
nominal discharge of 50 C uh which is
which is quite a lot. Yeah, that's much
better discharge than a typical car
battery, which you know, we try to keep
car batteries in the single digit C uh
discharge, you know, area unless it's a
special, you know, purpose-built power
battery. Uh,
&gt;&gt; however, the energy density is quite
low. So it's like 140 vat hour per
kilogram which makes it half of what
Tesla has nowadays I think Tesla is
somewhere to somewhere like 270 VA per
kilogram something like that right
&gt;&gt; yeah and that's the usual tradeoff right
for
&gt;&gt; to get the power uh you got to go with a
little bit lower energy density because
you just need room for all that copper
to deliver the power
&gt;&gt; however if you think about hyperloop you
know I I think Hyperloop it's
power intensive application rather than
energy intensive application. Once you
reach the cruising speed, it's supposed
that due to the lack of atmosphere
inside of the tube, you're going to kind
of run smoothly. I mean, however, I
mean, you have also a lot of power
consumption at that moment in time, but
still you have a peak of power. You need
to accelerate the vehicle kind of like
five, six, 100 miles an hour and then
you coast there. But and once you you
stop the acceleration so the the speed
becomes constant
uh then your power consumption should
drop probably like 10 times than uh than
that. That makes the the integral of the
power profile to be quite flattened
which means that the battery pack should
actually be built based on your maximum
power uh needs not really based on the
energy density. So the the game the
optimization is not mandatory to
to increase autonomy but but rather
provide the speed the necessary speed
for uh for your application and that
that that somehow makes it power
intensive rather than energy intensive
which means that the design of the
battery pack should actually look
different right because we we cannot
have a great battery pack for
everything. We got to find the trade-off
between the charging rate, discharge
rate, energy density. So uh we we didn't
really achieve yet um as human beings
like a battery cell that can actually
fulfill all all these conditions like in
terms of energy density and discharge
rates yet. Uh but I I think they've been
evolving. I've seen some some cells now
getting to 300 vat per kilogram close to
10 C discharge. So I think that's pretty
exciting to see. Um
&gt;&gt; yeah uh and one of the things you need
all that power for not just accelerating
a train uh but also decelerating it. So
you do regen braking to bring it to a
stop.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; Uh so you you need to be able to convert
all that kinetic energy back into
&gt;&gt; you got to charge it back. Yeah.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. To bring the thing to a stop
safely. Unfortunately, this cell has
only one seat charging rate, which makes
it almost useless for Yeah, it's kind of
low.
&gt;&gt; So, early prototype and then that's
likely to change with the technology
that's coming out now.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, I think for a second version,
we're going to we're going to go in a
different battery pack. We're going to
release the the new battery pack
probably within the next six months. uh
is going to be more exciting than this
one. But this one had a lot of a lot of
a lot of power in a very low amount of
of of mass. So um this it's kind of you
you have like 140 grams of cell and then
you discharge 50C um which which is huge
um and it served our purpose for Iris
one. Um but yeah.
&gt;&gt; Okay. Uh, so there's there's a limited
amount we can see from without tearing
it apart. Uh, so and I don't want to
mess with your your prototype, of
course.
&gt;&gt; Well, I can I can I can ask somebody to
come to dismantle it.
&gt;&gt; Well, we would love to do that. Okay.
Uh, but we're uh I I don't want to use
up all the time with the tour of the the
prototype. Uh I want to talk a little
bit about um the plans as I said for
uh the next step. So there's been a
demonstration of this early prototype on
the track and the the work out in PBLO
to extend the track is continuing. Um
and then the next step is going to be
this uh this next prototype. Can you do
give us a little description of what
that likely is going to look like?
So Iris 2 is going to have uh basically
it's going to use two rails for
propulsion levitation stability. Um and
we actually
uh yeah okay I'm going to release it
here. So we'll actually have initial
we'll put initial like an Optimus robot
inside just to kind of like teach the
robot how to drive. I mean everything is
actually autonomous but we'll have the
Optimus like giving orders to the
vehicle like to levitate and to go for a
mission of uh you know like a certain
distance and uh kind of having like uh
uh software stocking between themselves
and I think that's going to be a great a
great step for us to show to uh to the
world uh where this technology can bring
us. Um, in terms of speed, we kind of
estimate to reach with Iris 2, we're
looking for speeds of 130 mph, doubling
up the the speed we achieved with IRS
one. Um, with with let's say 2500 ft of
track available. Uh, so half of the
track, half a mile completion of the uh
uh of the track and we're going to use
the two guideways that you can see on
the sides for levitation purposes. So,
we're going to have levitation on the
sides and then we're going to use the
same type of propulsion system uh for
even like the thrust the maximum trust
we're going to have for AS2 is going to
have 5x more trust actually. Uh so,
we're going to even like go go like even
crazier. It's going to the size of the
of the linear motor is going to double
up. Um and we're going to go fully
contactless. So we're not going to touch
any sort of like rail. So no noise, no
friction, like nothing like that.
However, that's not yet like a single
device for everything as mentioned
before, right? So we kind of need to
reach 2 in order to get to three, which
is going to have everything embedded
into a single um device. Um, and if
everything goes well with um with the
Optimus robot inside and we have like uh
successful
uh tests like kind of like consecutive
uh tests which are successful, we may
also put a human being inside to for the
for for starting to test like human
beings. But that's not yet uh that that
would be something exciting. uh probably
uh when our CTO is going to listen to to
to this, he's going to get a bit nuts,
but uh we we'll see how the test go and
then we actually may may put a passenger
in.
&gt;&gt; Oh, that sounds really exciting.
So, I'm looking forward to to the
updates and and hopefully we'll get a
chance at Monroe Live to to cover that
in in person when that starts to happen.
Um,
switching gears just a little bit, uh,
to you more personally, Dennis, uh, you
know, one of the things that, uh, you
know, you've had sort of the dream job
here and and some of our viewers might
wonder, you know, how do you how do you
get, do you have any advice for someone
to how you to get a a job in uh, in tech
like this? uh you know how do you break
into this this type of field to get a
chance to work on you know exciting
technology like this
&gt;&gt; well I can actually give a feedback uh
from the other side right I'm um when we
hire any person in Swiss I'm actually
interviewing the person I'm
participating to all these interviews
and I'm I think we should I'm we're
we're always looking to hire more great
talent which They're excited about the
future. Obviously, knowledge is
important, but I think um excitement
about the future, excitement of working
on new technologies is some it's a it's
a big plus. So, um I think I think
I mean CVs for me are are not important
at all. Uh I always like when when we
hire somebody
it's that gut feeling that tells you
well that's kind of the right person for
doing this job or not. Um and you know
like we had a couple of interviews and
the CVs were were amazing. I mean if you
look at the CVs were amazing but it
didn't didn't really match uh with with
us. So we we work like seven days a
week. We work I mean before the event we
well it was kind of crazy uh crazy days
and um we're in a sort of a mission. So
I would actually tell to young people
that would be cool to engage into a
mission and engage in into something
like to kind of like change the world
for the future. And um I think that's
very important. I've also see a lot of
um uh people that they change the job
every year. I've been doing this for 11
years, hyper for 11 years, like winning
the spaces competition and then doing
the PhD and then doing the company. So,
uh, and I'm still excited about what I'm
doing. And I think people should be more
excited about what they're doing and not
really looking for kind of 5% salary
increase from one job to the to the
other. I think I think that shouldn't
really uh happen. And um I I I love
solid people, consistent people on what
they're doing. And I think that's very
important for for the future of this
human of the of the of human beings. Um,
and yeah, I think I think especially at
a young age, you shouldn't really look
like so much at the reward, but more at
the in terms of financials, but more um
about the excitement you have about what
you do. Um, and I think that's something
I've been doing uh for 11 years and I'm
super excited about what SISPA does
nowadays. Yeah, I think that that's I
can't completely concur with that. I
that follow that excitement. The money
does follow you if it just trust that uh
when you're working on the thing that
you feel called to do. Uh then uh the
money will eventually follow that that's
that's been the pattern.
&gt;&gt; My my my first job was when I was 15 and
I was a bell boy in a hotel like
carrying luggages for people. So, uh,
and I'm very thankful about what I'm
doing today. It's very exciting.
&gt;&gt; Well, I want to thank you for taking
time out to show us this awesome
technology and it is such a great fit
for the kinds of things that we love to
talk about here and uh get a chance to
to see firsthand. Um, I appreciate the
tour and the details of the of the
technology that you're able to show us
uh and the the prototype that you have
here uh on site and so I'm looking
forward to a chance to to see the next
version uh when it gets operational as
well.
&gt;&gt; We'd love to welcome you in PBLO.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, it sounds like fun. Uh so again,
thanks again, Dennis, uh co-founder of
uh Swiss Pod Technologies, and we
appreciate it. See you next time.
&gt;&gt; Thank you so much.
&gt;&gt; And thanks a lot for to all the viewers,
uh at Monroe Live, and we really
appreciate you tuning in to see this
kinds of stuff. Uh and look forward to
next time.