Channel:     investingagainstthegrain
Title:       For the First Time I'm Worried about $TSLA.
URL:         https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BUJK1FUPCfw
Published:   2026-08-02 00:58 UTC
Fetched:     2026-08-02 02:00 UTC

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Hey everybody, I'm here with Alexandra.
You all know who she is. Um, before we
get started, I want to make something
very clear. I posted on X today. None of
this is about generating clicks or fear
or anything. You should all know that by
now. I my brand, what I try to put out
there is I don't take subscri uh
subscribe. I don't ask you to subscribe.
I don't ask you to like. I don't take
brand deals. I don't do any of that.
This I'm financially independent.
Alexander is too. I do this for the love
of it. I do this just to speak my mind
and put it out there. So, I just want to
make that very clear. None of this about
clicks. None of this is about generating
fear, uncertainty, doubt, or any of
that. And this is just to have an honest
conversation about something that I see
as a potential risk for Tesla that as a
Tesla shareholder, more so, not Tesla,
just as a shareholder, that I went down
the rabbit hole of exploring to the
point where I reached out to Jeff Lutz,
I reached out to Alexandra, and I spoke
to a a close friend of mine who works at
one of the big three uh PWC deoid
center. I don't want to name which one
it is out of New York City to pick his
brain on this and he works in M&amp;A has
for the past 15 years. So I want to have
a conversation today with Alexander. She
politely agreed to hop on just at the
spur of the moment and we're going to
have an honest conversation. Uh, I kind
of think people are going to see a side
of you, Alexander, that maybe they don't
always hear you say about being a little
more uh, as you said, not fan girl, but
just brass tax kind of kind of point of
view. But, uh, but yeah, so Alexander,
thank you for joining me to talk a
little bit more about what may or may
not happen and the drama that unfolded
what, Thursday night. Is that when we
got news?
&gt;&gt; It did. It did. And it's Saturday, so I
just want to tell everybody I'm in my
weekend gear, so this is it. And I
wasn't going to get dressed just for
this. This is this is it. So, you're
going to take me how I am. Um, uh, yeah,
it it was Thursday evening that the Wall
Street Journal article came out very
precisely at 900 p.m. Eastern because
that's when the aftermarket closes, as
we all know, and that was not a
coincidence. It was written by Becky
Peterson who was at the information
before and who I've had the honor to be
interviewed twice. Um, she is a
meticulous journalist. She is also a
leftist lunatic who hates Elon. Okay, I
I'm sure she would actually agree on
that. If you read her stuff, it's just
the same
motivation. There's actually a podcast
she did at one point with u I think it
was with Laura Colotney and a couple
others and it was just unbearable to
listen to because you know we know those
journalist types. So that's all true,
but that article, I mean, obviously
spurred for an hour and a half a lot of
discussion, including our live stream
with Herbert and and Jeff. I stand to
every word I said in that one. And then
Elon coming out with fake news.
&gt;&gt; And I think that's what we should really
talk about.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. So, just as a quick um side note
in case people don't even know this
happened because it was kind of quick
and then everyone just kind of dismissed
it because Elon said fake news, but I
don't think we should be dismissing it.
So, what is it? So, uh she works for the
Wall Street Journal. They essentially
came out with a article. Uh I forget
what the headline was. You I think you
have it memorized.
&gt;&gt; The headline is really important. I
think you really should play the the the
screenshot of the headline because
&gt;&gt; Yeah, I'll put it on here.
&gt;&gt; Is what is fake news, right? That that's
where we have to nail it down to.
&gt;&gt; Do do you remember what the headline was
off top of your head?
&gt;&gt; Uh yes. Wait, wait, wait. I have the I
have it actually here because I posted
the whole article in my feed. I just did
a sort of a
&gt;&gt; Thank you for doing that.
&gt;&gt; I did not feel like paying.
&gt;&gt; Not everybody's paying Exactly. And I'm
not paying the Wall Street Journal and
I'm really happy I'm not. So uh let me
just give me two seconds if this takes
too much time obviously. Okay, here I
have it and it says Tesla weighs sale of
China business to pave way for potential
SpaceX merger and that is the title. But
then in the text they explained the
whole circumstances
and that one option that was discussed
with advisors went even as far as a
sale. But obviously the headline
concentrated on the sale like it always
is. You know they always have to find
the catchy headline that brings the
clicks and whatever.
&gt;&gt; So I hand it over to you before I give
go down in my rabbit hole. So, so this
came out and again, thank you Alexandra
for posting the whole article. Um,
because I wasn't going to pay. Everyone
knows me. I'm very frugal. Let's just
say that. I don't like say cheap,
frugal. Um, but
&gt;&gt; don't you go into my cheese shop.
Um but but yeah, so this article came
out essentially for the potentiality of
a selloff, a spin-off, a divestature,
something in order to get the Tesla
SpaceX merger done. Now, this is a big
deal because China has a say in this
merger. China can stop it. And let's not
act like the US may not also have issues
with it. they also might you know say
hey this this is uh not cool. Starlink
alone is seen as a militaryra
technology.
&gt;&gt; So there's a lot of you know potential
risk here but I think more so on the
China side and what that might look like
for Tesla merging with SpaceX or
combining with SpaceX whatever you want
to use. And then maybe it was about two
hours later, Elon came on and came on X
and he said, "This is fake news. Have
you learned now? Don't trust the media,
etc., etc." The problem is, listen, I
got my Tesla shareholder shirt on.
I have not sold a single Tesla share.
I've been in Tesla since 2016. I'm not
going anywhere. And I've said this many,
many times. The whole idea of if you're
going to say something that criticizes
Tesla or Elon, the whole idea that, "Oh,
then go sell all your shares." That's
nonsense. That is not how adults think.
That's not how true investors invest.
We're not a cult here. I hate when
people say that. We have constructive
debate and we talk about this. I think
that's how it should be. So, I love
Elon. I love Tesla. I'm not going
anywhere. But I have a concern. So my
concern and Alexander we can start
weighing into how this can go in so many
different directions. My biggest concern
is that we don't know what's going on
and that uncertainty puts us as
investors kind of in a risky spot
because we have to be able to plan out
what we're doing right now. I also
understand that there's a quiet period
right now for Elon and SpaceX and all
that and that's why Elon also pun punted
the question during the earnings call to
his uh to his to his attorney there uh
general counsel. So all that makes sense
but after SpaceX earnings I'm of the
opinion we need to hear something some
type of guidance some type of something
from Tesla or SpaceX or mainly Elon. I
kind of agree with your timeline,
Alexander. I feel like this has to
happen. We can't keep dragging this out.
&gt;&gt; And that's Yeah, but I'll stop there.
Like, do do you still hold on to that
that you think this is going to happen
sooner than later?
&gt;&gt; So, I I mean, I tell you one thing, for
me, this is enough of the merger topic.
I love the merger topic. I want it to
happen, but I have been speculating on
this since February. We're now August,
so more than six months. And I feel
those six months have been painful. Now,
I just actually rewatched the Q2 2025
earnings call because I had people
saying, "Oh, he promised so much before
that November vote." No, not at all.
Actually, the Q2, which was in July, was
already delays and this and that. It
still had that notion in it of half of
America blah blah blah, but all the rest
was it's all complicated and whatever. I
think it's been complicated and I don't
feel that they have now
slowed down purposefully to get that
merger announcement at a favorable rate.
I don't buy into that at all. Right? But
but having said that
if there is a merger and for me this is
not even an if anymore when there is a
merger
it better come soon actually including
for the fact that we currently have a
favorable US administration as you said
earlier regulators have to green light
that US regulators cannot be ignored. I
will talk in detail about it, but my
thesis is this whole article
was only fake news in the title that
they are seriously weighing a Tesla
China sale. They are not. I do strictly
believe they are not weighing a sale.
But every word is diffic is is important
there. the rest of the article, the fact
that Tesla China has to be addressed in
one way or the other and that there has
to be some serious work with Chinese
regulators, notably there are market
regulators who have to in one way or the
other approve this merger and then you
know how is it ringing fenced? How much
can Tesla continue to work there? What
are these defense concerns which are
also defense concerns actually for the
Americans, right? The Americans also
have to accept that Tesla has a nexus in
China with information flow with. So
this can all be ring fenced. But the
biggest
immediate concern is that Tesla slows
this down. Slows this merger down
between announcement and consummation
closing. They can there is an approval
to be received. And I think I mean again
this is breadcrumbs and I'm going there
but I think this article was a signal to
China and to the mergers and acquisition
market that when the announcement comes
out there will be a list of conditions
Tesla shareholder vote SpaceX
shareholder vote tick that off because
that we know is is is you know a done
deal. um US regulators and then there
may be a clause saying but for Chinese
regulators we're not going to wait for
the approval so that they don't have
this optionality or this leverage in
their discussions on how ring fence they
want it and what they want to you know
impose on on Tesla China of the timeline
that they cannot delay it and
if their goal is that in that merger
announcement there is this clause that
we're not waiting for SM which is the
the stock market authorization there um
that addresses the topic can China delay
it now does that mean that there will
not have been intense discussions of
course there have been but with this
article Tesla has now a stronger
negotiation face than they would have
had without the article because they can
say okay we're going into this
negotiation but they cannot play time
with us they can play content with us
and they must play content with us we we
have I think we should discuss that you
know how much can Tesla China produce
&gt;&gt; unsupervised FSD bots and further
developments I mean it's not going to
stop there Tesla right so I think there
has to be actually a a clarification
also the legal clarification you know
how much do you to fence it off and all
that, but at least they're going into
that negotiation not having this feeling
like, oh my gosh, Elon is pushing us for
a six to nine months closing in the
merger. And the Chinese easiest strategy
is, oh, we'll think about it and time is
rolling and then you know how it is with
with time.
&gt;&gt; So, yeah. Okay. So, I'll take a a step
back and talk about So, there's there's
two big concerns that I see. I know a
lot of people might think, oh, that's
not going to happen, whatever. But it
could happen. So I just want to put it
out there. So the first concern is as a
shareholder, it comes down to dilution.
Okay? If they go down the route of Tesla
does divest spin up, it probably have to
be a divestature. But if they somehow
take Tesla China, make that separate, it
doesn't exist as part of Tesla anymore.
That alone could change the valuation of
Tesla. That will not happen, Nick.
&gt;&gt; I I just But we have to play it out.
&gt;&gt; If that happens,
&gt;&gt; if that happens,
&gt;&gt; what do you value that? 100, 200
billion, whatever it is.
&gt;&gt; Well, at the moment, Tesla, China is 18%
of sales.
And um it's not worth nothing, but it's
certainly not worth 100% of its current
asset value
&gt;&gt; of 18%. um if you if you would have to
divest in an unorganized time
constrained manner that that is clear.
So again the nail
the painful part of that is
time. If you need to rush any sale it
becomes fire sales and
&gt;&gt; exactly
&gt;&gt; that that is now well that will be
pulled out of the game. This nail will
be taken out of the game if the merger
announcement has an exemption clause for
that. That's what actually I I'm so
looking forward to this damn merger
agreement because there are obviously a
couple of things I'm really after. But
now since Thursday, the first thing I
will look is what happens with SM will
be the first keyword I'm going to put
into the the search.
&gt;&gt; Okay, but so let's just game this out.
Let's say that does happen and the
valuation of Tesla drops, whatever that
is. May and you don't know who owns
Tesla, right? I mean we know obviously
you do great work to talk about some of
the institutional investors but there's
also a lot of retail there's a lot of
smaller shops smaller uh family offices
and people may sell a lot like believe
it or not there are a lot of people
investing in Tesla for the ton for the
auto business I know that's kind of
crazy to think about but like there are
if Tesla sells off has a lower valuation
and then we try to do this SpaceX Tesla
combination
that could affect Tesla shareholders.
Now, I get it. I get it. Everyone's
going to say, "Oh, no. We'd have to get
a premium." yada yada yada. Well,
there's only so much premium you're
really going to get when SpaceX is now
kind of worth more back down to earth,
especially if SpaceX continues to go
down. That's not better for any Tesla
shareholder who wants to take a premium.
Now, every I've been putting out polls
and thank you Alexander for resharing
them. Everybody will sit there and say,
"Oh, no. Unless it's 600, 800, I won't I
won't say yes to this." Well, the
numbers say otherwise. As Tesla keeps
going down, as the market keeps
punishing just everybody right now,
&gt;&gt; more people are willing to say, "Hey,
500 sounds good today. I'll take that."
So, there's a chance that pain forces a
vote.
&gt;&gt; You're you are fearongering contrary to
you said. Yes, you are. So, but let me
take the other side on that. Okay. So
what is always very
unusual I would say in a merger is that
you have an announcement with certain
conditions but you have the consumation
or the closing or whatever you want to
call it 6 9 12 months later this will be
the biggest merger ever so it can take
quite a while but on the other side
we're in a hurry we want to do this
under this administration
Elon has just given a another golden
handshake to the Trump administration so
I think there is favorable grounds to
bring this quickly to a well but quickly
we're talking months six months is
impossible let's say nine months okay
nine months is a lot now nine months is
a lot in the life of a share especially
in a SpaceX share that has just had not
even two months of existence that will
have a couple of lockups happening in
the next nine months that will have a
couple of index inclusions I mean it
actually it makes me laugh because
nobody talks about these index
inclusions anymore I checked yesterday
in the QQQ SpaceX is now 1%. It should
be 3%. So the September and December
lockups will free up that additional
place to move it up to 3% and they will
be actually much more consequential in
purchasing than they were back in in
July. But that's an I don't even want to
go there because it's so theoretical.
&gt;&gt; Let me get to where I think the proposal
will come in and what it will mean at
consummation.
&gt;&gt; I think the proposal Before you do that,
before you do that, what part of that's
fear-mongering? Like what part do you
think's actually not plausible? Because
Elon himself
&gt;&gt; that's not plausible is divest from
Tesla China. We will not divest from
Tesla China in a short window of time.
We will not. I think everybody should be
reassured about that.
&gt;&gt; Okay. So, okay. So, this kind of I we
can jump there then because that's my
first fear is that we get extremely
diluted. My second fear is that that
actually does happen because it is very
much a card Elon would play. For
example, he had no problem saying if he
does not have enough ownership of Tesla,
he will build AI outside of Tesla.
He
&gt;&gt; you see here we are here we are
fearongering again.
&gt;&gt; I said these are facts. He said these
things.
&gt;&gt; It is because he said those things but
he said those things in the context in
the context of wanting to go to 25%. He
is now at in voting rights 20% but
actually in real shares he has now 1.1
billion shares out of 3.95. So we're
close actually I think over the 25% now.
&gt;&gt; So so the
there is a difference in voting shares.
It's funny because I I always go from
one thought to three others and I never
come back to a third one but I will. Um,
so he has those rights and reminding him
that he would build AI somewhere else is
completely unfounded because what he
wants to do is now put this all into one
company which I want as well. So he's
not going anywhere with AI. He will
propose to us how AI and Tesla and space
and all of that will be one. So don't
fearonger about taking AI somewhere
else.
&gt;&gt; All right, let's stop saying fearonger
because I'm just stating facts here. So
it's not fearongering. He I quoting what
he said. You tell me this, then you tell
me. If the vote fails, if they don't get
50%, what do you think Elon does at that
point? Does at that point?
&gt;&gt; Let me get back to point one first. For
a vote not to fail, the offer has to be
interesting. And now I come back to my
point that between announcement and
closing is nine months. So they can
actually announce something that will
sound highly interesting. We have three
time points. We have the announcement.
We have about three, four months later
the vote and we have about six months
after that
&gt;&gt; the closing. So they can announce
&gt;&gt; Sorry, sorry to interrupt you again.
&gt;&gt; I will never get there.
&gt;&gt; No, it's all right. It's okay. We got
wine. Uh but that's that's that's
another kind of point of why they wanted
it probably come sooner than later to
just to justify your point about August
is because we have the shareholder
meeting. So we need to have this
announcement happen sooner than later so
it can get on the ballot. So love it
before the midterms because that could
bring you know even more turbulence.
&gt;&gt; 100%. Yeah. Just I just want to give
another like good data point like hey
this might actually happen sooner than
later.
&gt;&gt; I feel I feel the love. Thank you. So
and I did not drink.
&gt;&gt; So let me go back to timing merger
announcement. Three months later the
shelder another six months later. So a
total of nine months the consummation.
So they can announce in that merger
announcement
a floor let's say 600 because at the
moment SpaceX price is still all over
the place. Let's say it's at 100. If
they would just give a multiplier just
for the fun let's say the multiplier
would be 4.2 that would indicate a
closing price of Tesla at 420 9 months
later right but the the stock would
immediately
trade close to 420. it would let trade
at 420 minus 10 15% of margin for the
risks, right? So that's why we have to
evaluate how many risks there are. But
that's another thing. 420 doesn't get
anybody excited. But the problem is the
SpaceX price is so low. So how can they
get over that? I do believe they will
announce a floor of 600. I hope it's
even higher, but I think 600 is
something that becomes available. So
that means all that
&gt;&gt; 600 of Tesla Tesla
&gt;&gt; 600 $600 of Tesla. Yeah. Um or at 4.2 2
it would be 620 what is it 4 whatever so
anyway that would mean let's say they do
it at 600 that in 9 months SpaceX has to
trade at 130 so that 4.2 two times 130
make 600 for this floor to not even be
needed. Now if they are confident where
SpaceX will trade in nine months because
they know the pipeline of good news
coming in and they also probably know
the pipeline of good news on Tesla
coming in which will have sort of a I
pull you pull me effect on both stocks.
They can give you any floor they want as
long as they have a really good
projection where they do believe SpaceX
will trade at the moment of closing when
all these lockups are over when all this
good news has come back in and the
multiplier of that is actually so so
what it's all about is nailing down
which neither you nor me can do their
projection of when this will close and
where SpaceX will trade then and let's
just say they would say oh by then
SpaceX trades at 150 and we want to give
anyway a multiplier of 4.2. Well, giving
a 600 floor gives them the comfort
thinking that the vote will go through
easily. It will at 600. I can tell you
that. And we can come to the retail
shareholders because I think we're down
to the 20% to the low 20s now for retail
holding Tesla. So there will there's so
much there's more than 50% institutions
now plus Elon. So the the whole game is
to find the floor that they think they
will so pass anyway that gives a high
enough number to get the vote in and
then to do all these negotiations so
that the regulators in all countries are
happy.
&gt;&gt; Okay. So all right. So first of all
let's just talk about the shareholder
count there real quick. I I have a lot
of um really large Tesla shareholder uh
investors as clients and they have
personally told me that they sold about
not all of them have this amount but
just roughly on average about a third of
their uh shares and they most of them
said because of that earnings call that
earnings call they said I just couldn't
take it anymore I'm still believe in the
mission all that I need to put monies
elsewhere so for people who say like
these earnings calls don't matter and
all They do matter. They They just do. I
don't know what else to say. Like,
you know, Andy Jasse from I'm biased. I
get it. But Andy Jasse, that was a world
class earnings call. Everyone should
study it. Everyone should go watch it.
Elon should watch it 10 times to show
what that is. But anyways,
&gt;&gt; don't get your hopes up.
&gt;&gt; I Well, I know. Come on, Gwen. Uh,
that's where my hopes are. Uh, but so,
okay. So taking a step back though,
we're assuming a lot of things here,
right? And obviously that's all we can
do. But I the way I like to operate
always is I always during good times,
right? When everything's good, the
wine's flowing, everyone's feel I mean
maybe everyone's not feeling good these
days, but that's when I like to think
about the worst case scenario. So what
happens if Space X doesn't reach a
certain valuation, right? Doesn't get a
boost. And even if Tesla does, the
SpaceX shareholders are not going to
sign off on anything that dilutes them.
Would you agree with that,
&gt;&gt; Nick? SpaceX shareholders as much as us
soon if we're merged have nothing to
say. The current voting rights are 82%
with
&gt;&gt; Elon. And once we're merged, I do
believe, and that's actually a very
important question, that he will still
be postmerger at 50% or over. If he
would not be over 50%, that's a
completely different scenario. Then
there is not what is called a change in
control happening by Tesla merging. The
condition for that is that now somebody
else has more than 50% of voting rights.
So that somebody else is obviously Elon.
So this whole change in control is going
to keep us very busy. I just said
earlier that I'm going to look into that
SM clause in the merger announcement.
Another one is will they define it as a
change in control. Change in control is
that they expect Elon to have at least
50% voting rights. But up to then the
shareholder vote is going to happen
among the current SpaceX investors. They
have been very little delusion. The the
IPO had less than 5%. The next window
will
close to double that, but not everybody
will sell, but that's still less than
10%. And so the people voting
have nothing to say. It is going to be a
cute little vote, but the result is no.
It's like when Dell votes or it's like
when Google votes or when Meta votes,
there is nothing to vote on.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. They got great
structures, right? So, so you think so
let's just say that happens though,
right? And let's say that there would be
a dilution for SpaceX. Just playing that
scenario out. You think Elon would still
push it through?
&gt;&gt; Would still push what through?
&gt;&gt; Let's say, just easy numbers, let's say
Tesla's at a 1.5 trillion and SpaceX is
at a 1 trillion. You think Elon would
still push it through?
&gt;&gt; Yeah. And he would and he would pay
that. Why would he pay that? Because he
pays it obviously. He's the economic
owner of nearly half of SpaceX. So,
somebody has to pay for it. He's at
least paying half of that bill. And yet,
why would he pay that? Because in the
grand scheme of where SpaceX and the
combined new entity are going, these are
peanuts.
&gt;&gt; If you think 5 10 years ahead, this is
peanuts. And and he is not I mean, I
think one thing we can all agree on,
people who hate him or not, he's not
motivated by money, he couldn't give a
damn whether he is trillionaire or not
trillionaire, whatever. It it's and I
mean it's a stupid discussion anyway
because all he has is holding stock but
it's uh but it's for him not about
immediately well writing a check. He's
not writing a check but that you know it
is what it is. It's it is
&gt;&gt; stock. Yeah. He issues stock
&gt;&gt; is having a heavy influence on SpaceX's
valuation. It's not even cash because
it's a stock for stock. Yeah. It's just
dilution. But obviously by paying well
you're not paying because you're not
paying anything by letting Tesla in at a
predetermined fixed price which I think
they will reach anyway because it's 9
months away. But if they would not get
to that price well it costs but who who
is mainly paying for it Elon because
he's having 48% of it.
&gt;&gt; Okay. So just quick tangent of a
question. I I tend to think I
just based on what Elon has said before
in general, if I understand Elon, he
cares more so about the bigger picture,
humanity, making our species
multilanetary, about making sure that he
does everything he can to make sure
that, you know, the single flame of a
candle doesn't go out. And so
understanding that I've always been
under the impression that yeah, Elon
wants to take care of shareholders, but
at the end of the day, he cares about
that more than shareholders.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; Well, even I don't even know if
immediate reward would be like the the
right thing. I because you know,
everyone always says like Elon has never
screwed over shareholders or anything
and like forget about the stock price.
in some ways, and I think you would
agree with this, he kind of, you know,
did us dirty a little bit. You know,
it's like, why couldn't you have
invested in SpaceX sooner, man? Why
couldn't we have gotten a little piece
of XAI sooner? You know, like there's
some things that he could have rewarded
us more sooner. But I I do tend to think
that Elon would be willing to sacrifice
shareholders and whatever your short
term is in order to accomplish the
bigger goal. And I don't think that's
wrong. I just want to be transparent
that that is how I understand him to be.
you know, he at the end of the day
understands sacrificing the small, the
little, the short time, whatever it is
for the bigger picture is what matters.
And so
&gt;&gt; I think his I think his key phrase is in
hindsight it all makes sense. Now
hindsight can be three days, three
months, three years, 30 years, who
knows? Yeah. So, so
&gt;&gt; you had a you had a uh Oh, man. I don't
know if I heard you say this or I read
it, but you said something about uh the
vineyard or whatever and like when you
invested it like we didn't invest it for
I I don't know. I thought there's
something uh poetic about, you know,
especially with a vineyard, you know,
take so much time. I don't know. I in my
mind I just saw the hills of Napa.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; Well, we're not in Napa. We're in
Pasarobels. It is true that um if you
invest in a vineyard or if you're a
farmer or if you're you know in there
are many
longer term professions where you need
to learn patience where you need to
trust God where you need to you know
live with conditions on which you have
no influence weather climate whatever
else so it is true that that vineyard
experience
&gt;&gt; taught us a lot easy I can tell you that
but obviously holding Tesla a couple of
years is easy now once you've gone
through 35 years of vineyard holding.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; Um the the the
way
&gt;&gt; is I mean I I I want to be prudent and
as transparent as I can. Shortterm
shareholder return
I think Elon has no regard for zero.
He's been very clear over many years.
Don't do options. Don't do mountain. I
know you do options, but just, you know,
his thought is you have
&gt;&gt; I don't do options the way you do them.
I do them differently. I'm on the
money-making side.
&gt;&gt; Exactly. You You're the intelligent one.
I'm the gambler. I got it. Gambling with
tiny amounts when I think I
&gt;&gt; I don't gamble
&gt;&gt; and usually lose. And usually lose.
&gt;&gt; I'm the casino selling you your options.
&gt;&gt; That's it. Exactly. I'm the dumb one.
But that's okay. I I I'm just so
convinced and stubborn of my of my
&gt;&gt; Hey, I love it. I love it. I hope you're
right. I make a lot of money.
&gt;&gt; Short-term
short-term stock and option that that's
not his topic. He thinks you should buy
this stock if you believe in his vision.
And I just want to say to everybody who
had this vision of I want to see FSD. I
want to see the bot. The vision may just
change very quickly into
multilanetary
humanity and consciousness preservation,
right? That is not for everybody. You
know, there there is something poetic
about it. There is something existential
about it. There is something
unquantifiable about it. And when you
understand how he builds his businesses,
a little progress, a better product
becomes a money maker. The money maker
leads to the bigger money maker. The
bigger money maker leads to the bigger
money maker and then comes a new
product. A new product that has its
purpose that's perfectioned and
whatever. So it comes from all sides. If
you study SpaceX and of course even more
Tesla and everybody knows seems to know
Tesla much better. He builds those cash
machines.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; And we're so impatiently waiting for the
unsupervised FSD cash machine for the
robo taxi cash machine for the bot cash
machine. And we feel like, oh my god,
now this cash machine is transferred to
the next casino that is now suddenly
having stars all over the the the
ceiling. and uh and and now we're into
these next things. But do remember that
in that next casino is already the cash
machine of Starink, is already the cash
machine of space launches, is already
the the cash machine of GPU rentals. So
it just is his way of constructing cash
machines, stacking them. But as soon as
a cash machine is in place, I always
feel a little bit he's already moved on,
right? So the perfectioning the
perfectioning and the real getting now
the juice out of it is with his teams
who are excellent people but that's
where the delays happen because it's it
wasn't really 100% perfect yet when he
has moved on to the AI5 chip or the A6
chip and and whatever. So I always feel
there's a little bit of the lag at that
now let's get it to the commercial goal
that this all should produce and that's
what's so frustrating to watch right
where because you're just thinking oh my
god if you're going for 99.999999
we'll never get there or or if you're
going for a bot that has the whole
supply chain already lined up and ready
we'll never get there or and and at the
moment the more shiny objects
we know high on the SpaceX side, right?
Because that SpaceX stock price is not
is too low for where it should be. I
mean, I don't know whether it go lower.
I have no idea. But for for certain
purposes, it's too low. Let's let's say
this way.
&gt;&gt; So, okay. So, um before we go back to
like, you know, the concern I have
because there's a second that ties back
into the first that I'll talk about. Uh
just in general, my take is one
there people need to do what's right for
them financially. Of course, if you need
to sell Tesla shares, like sell it. Go
for it. Do what you need to do that
makes sense for you. But in my opinion,
it's like, man, we see the cyber cabs. I
drive FSD every day. I mean, it's like
it's like this is we're we're here. It's
like literally this is if you were to
forget what year it is and how long it's
been. If you were to go in time, you
know, back in time and you be like,
"Hey, Cyber Cat is going to be all over.
They're going to be testing them and FS
is so good. Like, you haven't taken
over, had a safety incident in so long."
and you decide to sell some shares
because it hasn't scaled fast enough,
you'd be like, "What is wrong with you?"
&gt;&gt; But you know that you know that meme
with the diamond diggers where the one
is giving up just close to the mine and
you're like, "Oh." But then again, I I
also have to say everybody has to make
their own decisions. The only thing that
I think of because you know I'm always
into my governance rabbit hole is all
these people that are gone are not
voting anymore and those would have
maybe been no votes, right? So
&gt;&gt; yeah. It is what it is.
&gt;&gt; The other reason I think for Tesla
shareholders this merger makes so much
sense. Like I hear what everyone says. I
I look at this a little differently.
If we look at the big milestones for
Tesla, like in reality, you had the
Model 3 and Y that from a stock investor
perspective, that was beautiful. It was
so much fun. You know, what was it 2019?
Uh it was even 2020, I think. They were
fantastic years. They're a lot of fun.
But before that, we kind of had a long
period. And after that, we've kind of
had a long period. Now, FSD and Cybercap
are going to do something. What I don't
know, but it's going to do something.
You can tell we're on the precipice of
that. But then after that, just my
opinion, Optimus, I think it's going to
be a long time.
&gt;&gt; The beauty of
&gt;&gt; he actually said that, he said that last
week on the news call, supply chain,
everything has to be done. But so this
is where I think combining with SpaceX
kind of makes it a lot more interesting
because guess what? Instead of having a
long time, we get Starlink, we get data
centers, we get launches, we have more
things in play at the same time, which
helps as an investor, one, it helps
potentially continue have the
investment, the stock moving a little
more up and to the right over time. But
it also gives more injection, more news,
more activity, which I think is what
Tesla investors in general like. Like we
love it. We love seeing a video here, a
video there, a Elon post. So, I think it
helps. You know, there's one thing about
being patient. There's another thing
about getting a occasional dopamine hit.
You know, like, all right, great. That
got me to Alex Kpali talks about that.
You know, when you're building something
very complex, like, yeah, it's complex
and it's going to be a long time to get
there, but you want to build in these
dopamine hits to keep people motivated
and rewarded. And so, I think that's
where SpaceX can really help. It's hard
to be patient. And let me help you a
little bit more on that side. Building
software as a service, especially in
physical AI, is obviously a huge
challenge. Nobody else is even trying.
Let's test it. I mean, they're just
miles. Yeah.
&gt;&gt; But uh but but so there you are. Um and
for it to have significant recurring uh
revenue needs this inflection point,
right? Now renting out AI data centers
is a a billion per month with one
client,
&gt;&gt; a very solvable client with high
financial strength who is going to pay
their bills. So you are now mixing a
product and service offer
with on one side consumers
who are high maintenance because if
they're only half as moody as ex users
they are moody. Um, so you have on one
side millions of of consumers, which is
great once it's up and running, but
which is obviously a a long road to
success and satisfaction. And you're on
the other side, people that sign a
contract and on the next month pay
billions.
&gt;&gt; Billions. So you're mixing two
completely different worlds.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
On one side, the disadvantage of these
huge mega clients is that one gets lost
and you're halfway down, right? On the
other side, you have a great
diversification, but oh my gosh, you
have to handhold and make sure it all
works 100%. So, you're actually
strengthening
your product, service, and revenue mix
to something much stronger than what you
had before.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. No, no, I I agree with you. going,
you know, having a B2B and a B TOC is,
you know, a very nice nice structure.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Um, okay. Let's go back to the
concern. Okay. So, I'm not convinced.
&gt;&gt; You do want the concern, right? You do.
&gt;&gt; I mean, that's
here. Here's the analogy I always say.
When your house is on fire, that's not
the time to be thinking, hey, where's
the fire extinguisher? Hey, where would
I tell my kids to gather? Have I told
them to go out the window or feel the
the door knob before you open it so you
don't burn your hand? Don't just open
the door. Like you want to plan ahead of
time. And so I think with no matter what
stock, what company you're invested in,
no matter if you're trading options or
not, I always think before you do
anything, you should have a plan for the
worst case scenario. So I always try to
think about that. Look, I was in the
military. I worked on ships. This what
we do. We drill, drill, drill for the
worst possible.
&gt;&gt; And you're an engineer. Of course, you
want to have like any pilot, you want to
have a plan A, B, C, D, E rolled out.
&gt;&gt; Exactly. So, I I can't help but to think
through these things.
&gt;&gt; So,
SpaceX, let's here's here's the the
concern. Let's say SpaceX does like
you're talking about get to just equal
or just stays equal with Tesla, but then
Tesla, China, all that stuff happens.
Okay. Elon can try and beat Elon, but
it's not going to work with China. the
same way. I mean, everyone knows this.
China will not bend its knee to public
humil humiliation.
Now, don't me wrong, like Elon has cars
to play for sure, but China is not going
to sit here and say, "Well, we'll drag
this out if we want to drag this out."
Uh, if Elon tries to force it anyways,
China has things they can do. They can
slow down suppliers. They can insist
people don't buy Tesla. They could ban
Teslas. There's all kinds of things they
could do. Now, don't get me wrong, China
on the other hand
has an issue if they start doing that
because Apple will start moving away
faster,
&gt;&gt; right? They need jobs. Chinese
is unhappy Tesla. I can tell you that.
&gt;&gt; No, I agree. Let me jump in there. Let
me jump in there. I mean, of course,
there's always a risk, but now let's
just look at history. China did bend the
knee for Tesla. Tesla is the only
manufacturer that got a deal without
having to have a Chinese partner. China
leased them the grounds. Otherwise,
there would be no Tesla China. And this
happened again. China gave them a $5
billion equivalent loan that is still in
our books and that is currently still.
So, they have again and again and again
shown that they are bending the knee.
Now again there is a discussion to be
had and I think that actually everybody
wants to have this discussion. I mean
China and Tesla. How far can Tesla bring
its technology to China?
&gt;&gt; And there may I think the real
discussion we should have is
&gt;&gt; is it a catastrophe if you want one you
want to do that right? Uh is it a
catastrophe that China would be limited
to manufacturing cars that are then sold
in China and overseas because that's
what they do. and that's it. Not operate
unsupervised FSD, not build and operate
bots. Would that be a lid? And I think
that's a very important and fair
discussion that we should have. I don't
think it's an issue because it will
contribute like it is. The issue will be
that China will go down from 18% of
revenues to less and less and less and
less because obviously the rest of world
will have all these uh subscription as a
service income that then will not come
from China but it still would be a
perfect hub for most of the worlds for
new cars and for for all that. So and I
don't think Tesla will stop building
cars. I do have a theory that by 2030
they may stop selling cars, but that's
another that's another topic. So, let's
I think we should bring it down to what
really matters. And I do believe
the interpret my interpretation of
Elon's this has never been on the table.
I mean, it was a little bit different,
but whatever. The this th
was never defined. I think this meant
selling
&gt;&gt; Tesla China. I do believe that was never
on the table. But now let me state as
well anybody
&gt;&gt; even uneducated people like me who has
put their nose in M&amp;A and anybody who
has done a 101 M&amp;A and anybody who works
in M&amp;A know the first minute this merger
became a topic which is now a year ago.
I actually I always try to find
breadcrumbs when this whole thing
started trickling into legal papers and
I think it's at least a year. So all
that to say
when the merger idea emerged Oh that's
cute. When the merger idea emerged the
first thing any lawyer any advisor any
halfway intelligent person and Tesla is
full of full-blown intelligent people
had to say in the first 15 minutes and
what about Tesla China? you cannot not
address the elephant in the room. So
when he said this never been a topic
doesn't mean Tesla China and how we deal
with that has never been an issue. It
means selling Tesla China has never been
on the table.
&gt;&gt; Okay. So just to double back real quick.
I actually don't think Tesla Tesla or
Tesla China bent the knee to Elon. I
think China did what they always do and
they think very long term and I think
they understood bringing this technology
in would allow us to learn and build out
our EV industry which they have. So I
think it was they it was an investment
that they were making
&gt;&gt; joint ventures with GM
&gt;&gt; heavy favors right nobody else had these
favors
&gt;&gt; fair but no one else had this technology
either right and it's Elon Musk you know
he has a history so I I think
&gt;&gt; sure
&gt;&gt; not that there was a quid proquo but I
think China was making a very strategic
decision it's not like this was for no
reason um so that's I only say that to
say I don't think they bent the knee on
that I think they had longer term they
knew what they were doing you know,
whatever you want to think about China
and their government, they do make a lot
of smart decisions um that honestly we
we might we tend to be a little slow on
on over here, but it's part of that's
what our democracy is or our
representative republic does. Um but so
okay, so I hear you on what you're
saying. I spoke to somebody who works at
I'll just say one of the big three Deoid
PWC asenture Kindra I mean whoever you
consider your your big three or big four
um and uh like for example if you don't
know what what these are these are like
the big uh consulting companies that
will help with M&amp;As uh for example PWC
is the auditor for Tesla right so
they're one of them but so I spoke to my
friend he works at M&amp;A uh I was actually
talking to Jeff he's like you should
talk M&amp;A specialist about this if you
know any. I'm like oh yeah I do know my
buddy. He's like I forgot he you know
that's what he does. I just know him as
his name and we work out together. But
he works out of uh New York City. He's
been doing M&amp;A for a long time. And I
was talking about about this a lot to
him. And one of the things he was
talking about with the sell selling of
of or split spinning off portion of
Tesla China is that he's a lot of
companies have tried to go down that
route and it just doesn't happen. And
the main reason it doesn't happen is
because a lot of shareholders assuming
you do a spin-off where it goes to
public companies. A lot of shareholders
don't want to own a Chinese company.
they don't mind owning a company that's
tied to China, but they don't want to
own just that. The reason he says it
won't go private is because a lot of
people know that the value is not in
what they have there in China. The value
is in Elon Musk and autonomy and all
that. So, if they're not getting a
portion of that, why would they do this
deal? the divevestature. He said this
would be the most likely but also the
most complicated because it would take a
lot of time and you would have to line
up a buyer like a BYD or someone to be
ready to acquire the facilities and all
that which have a lot of value. But
again, he was saying he doesn't think
that would be the most likely outcome.
His point of view is that what would
most most likely happen is
China would demand to have a joint
venture kind of how everyone else is and
China would probably demand certain
technologies be built in test in China
and you know uh uh ring it off in the
way many other companies have. Um,
so the the problem I think that comes up
though is just the way we know Elon to
be. And I will say with China, he's
always been very tactful. He's always
chosen his words very carefully. He's
never let any reporter steer him in a
direction to get overly political or
anything. But we also know Elon where he
can have his moments. We saw it last
summer. He can have his moments where he
just says enough's enough and I could
see a world where he says enough's
enough. We don't need the Tesla China
factory anymore. But just again, I'm not
trying to fear anything. I'm just saying
that is something that could happen in
the event that anything like that
happens
and Tesla's valuation drops
and there's an attempt at a merger at a
lower valuation. That to me is the big
risk. And the big risk is in a moment
right now where we just saw a fund blow
up.
We just saw 40 to 50% drops in a lot of
these AI names. Like this is the reality
of this market we're in right now where
there's a lot of volatility. Now there's
also a lot of volatility the other way.
But it's just something to at least be
cognizant of that this can have an
effect where people will say, "Okay,
yeah, I'll take any buyout at whatever
cuz I just want I just lost 25% of my
value in Tesla in the last couple
weeks." Like that sucks, you know? Like
I mean it sucks for me too. Like
literally that sucks. It's not fun, you
know? I mean 400 wasn't fun.
&gt;&gt; I'm closer to retirement than all of
you. I I count on that money. I want so
let me let me address this. The main
word is time. I'll get to that in a
second. In my scenario, the ring fencing
and clear product and services
permitted in China discussion
will happen. Probably already happens.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, I think it already is happening.
Yeah,
&gt;&gt; exactly. And I think they're are quite
confident that this negotiation will
know clearly set the stage and we will
probably just not even know much about
it because as long as there is not
supervised sorry unsupervised FSD
anywhere else outside of the US how
about discussing a potential not being
able to do it in China who knows whether
we'll ever be able to do it in Europe or
Africa or Australia or I don't know
what. So the whole the whole discussion
is
delayed in time and you will hear me on
delayed in time. So that is my 80%
scenario maybe even 90% scenario that
that is currently happening but I get
back to what I said initially they
pulled the nail that the final
conclusion on that can have an effect on
timing of the merger consummation. They
took that away if that article is
correct. Okay.
&gt;&gt; And remind people how they took that
away.
&gt;&gt; Well, by
putting potentially into the merger
agreement that we may see in a couple of
days, if I'm right, this clause that SM,
the Chinese market authority, their
agreement to this merger is not a
condition to closing this merger. That
will be the nail that we're taking out
of that game that the Chinese could
play, time play. Okay. So if that is in
the merger agreement, then
the conclusion of those negotiations
that are my 80 to 90% scenario will be
anyway either solved before and we're
all happy or solved afterwards and we're
all SpaceX. So now we're in a world
where our biggest revenue will come from
AI data centers from GPU rentals from
we'll be in a completely different
products and services mix where the now
18% contribution to Tesla already is
only now 9% contribution to a combined
if it's equal weights company and
probably shrinking right so the whole
effect is much less less
important. I don't want to say diluted
because I delusion is such a word that
people always scream about. I think
delusion is exactly not the right word
because it's replaced with something
else, more stable, bigger, whatever. So
the the
my 80 to 90%
scenario either has a good outcome
within the merger
transition period or happens afterwards
and therefore is less important. um the
10 to 15 to 20% risk of we want to
completely divest from China. The other
scenarios I'm not even going to.
&gt;&gt; So you see is a 10 15%.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. 10 15 and and even I mean it
really would be very emotional.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Random numbers.
&gt;&gt; It would be very I've had it. I don't
want cars anymore. They don't let me do
anything else. I'm throwing the child
out of the bath. Right. That's it. Um uh
I mean he does that but he does that for
political gain rather than for Tesla
economic gain I think. But
&gt;&gt; I mean he fired the whole supercharging
team just to start slow. I mean that's
his tactic. That's a tactic.
&gt;&gt; I mean that's not exactly that's not
&gt;&gt; that's not shooting yourself in the foot
like it would be throwing out Tesla
China just on a
heated moment. So, so but anyway, so
I don't even know whether I want to put
it at 10 15%. But who knows? In a
merger, lots of things can happen. If
that would happen, it in my view, it
could only happen because he would think
that whatever he's left being able to do
in China is not worth it. And I don't
think we are there yet. I think like I
said earlier, we may be in 2030 to the
point where producing cars with bots is
as cheap in the US than it is in China.
And then letting Tesla China go because
it brings all this political environment
and tariffs and
Taiwan and I don't know what.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; May just be the right thing to do. So I
think we're not equipped enough yet here
in the US both with bots and with
automation and with all that to to be at
the point where you can produce I'm I'm
always bringing this example currently
in Europe and in the US on average the
work hour costs 60 bucks $60. The bot
will bring it down to one buck. In the
in China the work hour costs four bucks,
right? Four bucks, 60 bucks. The bot
will bring it down to one buck. China
has little to gain. We have a lot to
gain. Once we are cap capable of
producing both both continents, both
countries whatever at one dollar Tesla,
China and any other production in China
and India and Korea and what not any
lowcost country will become much less
relevant and Elon sees that that's the
whole reason why he puts his whole
energy into producing a bot. So
will the the longer this lasts
and the longer
China may be non-committal or whatever
the more they're actually maneuvering
themselves into a situation
where they it may be actually too late
for them. So I don't see it as a you
first of all I don't think it's
happening right I put a very small
percentage on it but I also think it's
not in their interest in their interest
it is to keep at least what they can
support which is of course at least the
the mega pack and car production there
&gt;&gt; so how do you factor in their military
intentions and
&gt;&gt; well
that is actually a very good question
and I do believe to remember that in
2025 Elon on had an interview I don't
remember whether it was an earnings call
or one of these interviews he does
&gt;&gt; or air force academy
&gt;&gt; yes yes where his concerns about China
Taiwan and
were clearly expressed and do remember I
do believe they started working on this
merger idea about a year ago so there
are lots of things that
and again I'm much too much into putting
breadcrumbs into a spreadsheet and
trying to find the right reasoning And
when did he say what? Then what what
followed thereafter? And sometimes I may
be right, sometimes I may be wrong. But
I do believe there is a clear decision
that was made in 2025
&gt;&gt; to have a medium to long-term plan to
decouple from China
supplies in dependence on
&gt;&gt; on rare earth minerals.
&gt;&gt; Exactly. but also research and
development and so and so in this big
theme now at defense and the fact that
SpaceX and again just saying that again
I know I've said it a couple of times
not here but before as a Tesla investor
I want the shield in the United States
of SpaceX SpaceX the combined entity
will be less much less under political
attack than Tesla now has been for the
last two years and
it is just unbearable to me to remember
what happened a year ago, right? These
flames in sales centers, these cars
being keyed and destroyed and I mean it
was just horrible. People being shamed
in the streets for driving a cyber car.
I mean, horrible stuff. I think this
whole political
pressure from the left will stop once we
are within SpaceX.
&gt;&gt; Why do you think that? Because I don't
even if Tesla's part of SpaceX, I still
think all that would have happened.
&gt;&gt; No, because you I mean, first of all,
they never went up to SpaceX, right?
They never went to Vandenberg or Cap
Canaveral to to to do anything, right? I
mean, fair enough, it was a private
company, but it would still have given
them exposure, yet they never did it.
Um, I think that
US defense is sacred
to Congress and its sponsors.
&gt;&gt; Maybe, but I mean, even the Democratic
Party is becoming the DSA, Democratic
Socialist Party, and you see Mandami
doxing SC Scott Galloway, who is no fan
of Elon and a huge Democrat supporter,
but even they're turning on them. So,
like to me, this thing is getting more.
&gt;&gt; I think he should do more of that. Don't
you think he should do more of that? I
think he should go straight after Soros.
I think that would be really my
preferred game.
&gt;&gt; Um the I mean, will they stop going
after Elon? No.
&gt;&gt; But let's face it, Elon is inviting it
in a certain way, right? I mean, he's
he's going for every mud fight he can.
That that's one lesson he learned from
&gt;&gt; Trump. I don't know which world from
whom, but but I mean, they they're in
the same alpha animal camp where is
there a fight? Let me go there. So, do I
like that? know what I just did. I mean,
I do believe lots of the the fights
they're both fighting are worthwhile
having, but I could do without them as a
conservative investor. Have I learned to
not be a conservative investor? Of
course, I did. I mean, if I think how I
was 10, 15 years ago investing, you
know, I looked at numbers and then
nothing else. Now, I don't look at the
numbers anymore. I'm just like either
I'm passionate or I hate it.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. I mean you it's easy to sit here
and say that you we wish Elon wouldn't
do certain things or say certain things
but just imagine where we are in the
world where he doesn't buy Twitter and
what is the discourse look I mean like
that was a pivotable pivotal moment in
time same with um the CEO of Spotify
not trying to censor Joe Rogan like
those two if those two things don't
happen
&gt;&gt; we're in a whole different world right
now whole
&gt;&gt; I completely agree and I remember just
for the Tesla
That's the moment I lost Gary Black. You
know, Gary was going after me. There's
no good reason to purchase Twitter. And
I said, if you don't see that, if you
don't see how crucial this is for the
US, but even for humanity as a whole, we
need this town square. At the moment, we
talked about town squares. We need this
town square where people can talk openly
without censure. And there may be
horrible things said on there, but we
still need it. Oh, no, we don't need
that. We need a company. We need ROI. We
like, okay, then we lost it.
&gt;&gt; No, I agree. So, all right. So, let me
ask you this. What keeps Alexander from
voting on this merger? Like, what's your
like what would stop you? I mean,
because I generally operate under the
opinion of look, if he wants to do
something in general, just like Twitter,
honestly, I trust him. I I think
especially with this, I think he sees
the full picture. He sees and it's even
with Trump, with the Iran thing, he
clearly has information we don't have.
And so I don't try to sit there and
assume I know everything they know. They
see the whole landscape. We see what
we're allowed to see. And so you have to
think that these people are operating
under the best possible decisions. Even
if you don't like these people at all,
like they're not evil people. Like
they're trying to make the best
decisions with what they have. Even if
you think they're narcissistic, well,
yeah, great. I want a narcissistic
president who wants to have a good
reputation. I want that. You know, I
want a narciss narcissistic CEO who
wants to build the biggest, craziest,
most valuable company. I want that
because they're gonna try to do their
best. So, but what would be your point
of saying no, I can't vote on this.
&gt;&gt; Okay. So, I'm obviously easy in the yes
vote, but there are a couple of details
that may not alter my vote, but will
make the pill a bit more difficult to
swallow.
&gt;&gt; Okay, that's fair. First one is in the
in the S1 of SpaceX was this clause that
his B shares which are the 10X voting
shares if he becomes incap incapacitated
or dies go as Bshares to his children.
Nobody else has that. Google and all and
then zuk they all have that in case of
you know divorce or because then the
partner may get some whatever those
shares become ashes like ours and that's
really something I sort of that's a
bitter pill for me I you know with 14 I
have five life's complicated but with 14
children different mothers and some
crazies out there as we know um do I
really want my money in a family trust
where they have to where where they have
a disproportionate voting power. We just
talked about it could be more than 50%.
Okay. Do I want that? And I'm not saying
this can't be solved. I actually hope
that Tesla's board once they negotiate
this merger agreement, which I think is
happening, raise this point and say,
"Look, we can agree to a merger
agreement that we all sign, but that has
to be structured differently." I think
that's one of the things I would like to
to see. then um much more down to earth
given
given the financial engineering that was
put into SpaceX's IPO, the lockups, the
index inclusion. I mean, you have to
remember they went to the NASDAQ, they
went to to other indices and sat at the
table and said, "Now you change all your
rules. It's all nice what you've done
for 50 years. Now we're doing 15 days
because that's what we want." and they
bended the knee except for the S&amp;P. I I
f and and again, this was only the first
third of those, but they did it. And so
given how much financial engineering
went into that, I do believe they never
expected SpaceX to be back at 100 bucks.
I do believe that the whole way this was
set up and looked on paper, we were way
above 200 by now, which would have made
a merger of equals wonderful because
there you were at the two and a half
trillion SpaceX and there we were at 2
and a half trillion Tesla and this was a
pink world, right? So, um, do I know
that I'm right? No, I'm not. But now
we're at 100. So um in this scenario, I
think as I explained earlier, I would
really
find it much easier to say yes if there
was a flaw just because we're voting on
this in my scenario in November. It's
probably closing in, let's say, June
next year. Um, having that reassurance
that it's not just a multiplier of
whatever happens to a stock that you
didn't evaluate to have the right
movements in the first six, eight weeks
&gt;&gt; gives me a comfort feeling. So, there
are a couple of small clauses. Again, I
could swallow those. Um, there is the
financial side of it and u my 600 floor
still looks very interesting to me.
&gt;&gt; What if it was just a merger of equals
at the current levels?
That's a bitter pill.
&gt;&gt; Yeah,
&gt;&gt; that's a bitter pill. And I mean, you
also have to understand
he's going to make me retired because we
don't have to fight for any votes
anymore, right? We we can still be very
vocal, but there's no consequences
anymore. And I love to, you know, had my
little influence in law. So, this is
going to be the end of Tesla Boom Mama,
which
&gt;&gt; I'm having a smile, but I'm having also
a little tear falling down. It's all
good. No, there
I I think the the fights are just
starting. I think there there's a lot
more that's going to happen from here.
Uh whether that's
&gt;&gt; But let me also stress because people
don't understand. Yeah. But people don't
understand we're giving up the voting
power, but also by being in Texas and by
adopting SpaceX's structure, it's also
much more difficult to bring shareholder
lawsuits, which I love.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Love that.
&gt;&gt; It really puts It really puts the power
center with Elon. Elon can decide on 51%
of the of the board, which then
obviously, you know, is his is his
circle. Uh, you need 3% of all
outstanding shares to do a derivative um
lawsuit.
Even Vanguard won't have 3% anymore.
Well, maybe just about 3% because they
also have some SpaceX, but I mean, there
will be very few players who have 3%.
And uh and so this is becoming much more
of a founder company with all its
advantages and disadvantages and
actually and that has a price. We're
giving up something that we don't even
think about every day, but which has a
value and and which may justify this
flaw.
&gt;&gt; It does, but it's also something that we
shouldn't have to give anything up for,
right? I mean, but is what it is is how
the company was structured,
unfortunately. Um,
&gt;&gt; true. Many mistakes were made in 2010.
Many mistakes that we paid yearly
between 2020 and 2025.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. See, see, to me, that's the big
rub though is if we merge together now
at at these current valuations. Um,
at the end of the day, honestly, I would
probably still vote for it just because,
you know, I when it comes to Tesla, I'm
a long-term shareholder. I I trade
options around my portfolio, so I can
still make money while we all wait, but
I don't sell my Tesla shares. Um, but
with regards to
um with regards to merger, there's
there's one thing that I cannot stop
thinking about over and over, which
makes me think this might look a little
different than what we anticipate, and
that's the fact that around December,
company X, the ticker, vanished. Someone
has it. No one knows who has it. Someone
has it. And I can't stop thinking that
this might look different than what we
expect where we now have a publicly
traded holding company and that's how
this all formed. Have you thought about
that at all?
&gt;&gt; Yes, of course. And I mean we is there a
99.99999%
chance that Elon has it? Yes, it is. So
you have to know this is a this is a S&amp;P
ticker. We're now both companies on the
NASDAQ. So there has to be a transfer.
If he bought it, there has to be a
transfer from S&amp;P to NASDAQ. They don't
like doing it. They only did it once for
&gt;&gt; what?
&gt;&gt; Zillow. I think they did it for Zillow.
I think they did it for Zillow. Anyway,
so it's not something that Yeah, that
that's just and and and single single
letters is only Zillow and X, right?
&gt;&gt; So the it's not something they are
&gt;&gt; doing easily, but they will do. There is
a price to everything. Um, but
do I think they're going to put it in a
different entity that is a holding? No,
I don't. Why don't I? Because so much
thought went into the S1 at the IPO of
SpaceX. That was a complete reshuffle of
how SpaceX was organized from 2002 to
2026, right? That all that stuff just I
mean, first of all, it was a Delaware
company for very long until 2025. Then
February 2025 it became um 2024 sorry it
became a taxes company and then
there were different taxes filings and
then came the IPO. So when they did the
IPO they restructured everything and I
have never ever ever ever ever seen a
governance structure like SpaceX's. The
shakeup the way this was structured this
was well thought. They're not going to
just do another one like that. This
costs millions for lawyers to think this
through and and write this up and I mean
probably hundreds of millions. They're
not going to do a a third company. But
what can happen is that they're going to
rename the the space XAI structure once
everything is under there as X and then
run with it on X and then the big
question is does that mean S SNP wants
it on the S&amp;P or and there we could talk
about the index inclusion. Oh my gosh, a
whole another new chapter. Uh or
&gt;&gt; well that might be the that might be the
lynch pin. Right. So okay. So just and
you tell me when you have to stop by the
way cuz I I don't get to talk oneonone
with you that often. Even on the
earnings call it's like we're trying to
get everyone to talk.
&gt;&gt; You let me talk. It's it's
&gt;&gt; you know it's been almost four years
since you and I did a one-on-one.
&gt;&gt; Oh my gosh. Much too long. Yeah.
&gt;&gt; But we meet on Herbert's channel quite
often.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. No. Um okay. So, I I don't know if
I think Elon is I don't think he's
trying to suppress Tesla's stock. I
don't think he's trying to pump it.
That's for sure. And I'm not saying he
and it's not one or the other. It's not
like he always comes on and he's just
this normal guy and talks normal. No,
it's it's either he's flat or he's 2026
is going to be nuts and 27's going to be
epic and you know, you get two Elons. My
question to you though is if about a
week and a half later we have this
SpaceX earnings call coming up and we
get excited Elon cuz now we got to get
SpaceX back up. Are you gonna maybe
think like yeah maybe he wasn't trying
to get it down but he definitely was
toning it back. Are are you gonna like
it's going to be kind of obvious?
Do I expect um much more
enthusiastic call than last week with
Tesla? Yes, I do. Yes, I do. For for
multiple reasons that SpaceX price is
too low and I also think they're
actually quite good news lined up and
contrary to Tesla,
the earlier they are out, the better.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
So
like you I don't think he you know looks
at Tesla's price and says every day oh
let me do something to suppress it. No.
And if I would think that I would sell
my Tesla shares because I really feel
like you know if you're starting to have
these scenarios of oh the CEO is
betraying the shareholders. Well you
better not in that stock. I mean there
has to be a little basis of of
confidence in in their actions. But um
but I actually think that you know even
the Tesla team doesn't know which Elon
they get every day. The same way you
probably don't know which wife you get
every morning you wake up or I know
which my husband has no clue which
Alexandra he gets. Believe me that.
All that to say, you know, there is
obviously a human factor in in this all
and I do believe Tesla is currently
stuck in a lot of
last trench problem solving, which is
really painful, which is painful to
watch, but which must be even more
painful to go through because everybody
just wants to get it over with. And as I
tried to explain earlier, he is great in
pulling these rabbits out of the hat and
going for extreme progress, but I think
he is less
I wouldn't say less good, but less
focused in finalizing in in this last
mile that it takes to perfection because
he's already moved on to three other
rabbits that he's pulling out of the hat
and and we're currently stuck in this
last mile on a couple of products and
services which we had hoped earlier
which he had hoped earlier but like I
said also this morning I listened to the
Q2 2025 call from July 2025 it was
already about dampening expectations so
we've been now in a full year of
dampening expectations dampening
expectations dampening expectations and
then he sometimes put some salt in there
saying oh but by the end of the year
half of the United and we all Go sure
not.
&gt;&gt; So, uh, let me ask, let's go back to
that night where that whole article came
out.
&gt;&gt; Why do you think Tesla's stock went up
on that news on the idea
&gt;&gt; the word merger
merger
&gt;&gt; despite the fact that the potential of
selling Tesla China? You think
&gt;&gt; I was actually talking about that in the
in the live stream with Herbert and and
think this was a moment where you had
two groups, the Tesla China sales panic
people thinking, oh my god, sell this
stock. This is catastrophe and the oh my
god there's a merger. We're going up 400
500. You had something pulling in both
senses. Now, if you rationalized and
again all three of us said this did not
mean they're selling Tesla China.
&gt;&gt; Mhm.
&gt;&gt; But if you read just the title and then
Elon saying fake news, you probably
relaxed.
You could have and there's actually
people running with it. I saw this
morning a title uh is Tesla's China for
sale. Like oh no, no, no, no, no. It's
not. This is not about selling.
&gt;&gt; How much you paying? How much you pay?
before we say no
five trillion yours all yours.
&gt;&gt; I tell you there is still a good couple
of years where there is a good purpose
for Tesla China to operate as it is now.
Can they do more? I think this has to be
put on the table. Now I I I think
actually we are in a better spot today
after this article because these topics
are finally on the table. Who has talked
about what Tesla China is allowed to
produce or not for the last couple of
months? Nobody. Everybody lost sight of
that. But I think this is a very valid
discussion point, especially since we're
getting so much closer to perfection on
these services.
&gt;&gt; It goes back to my whole analogy about
when your house is on fire. When that's
not when you want to be thinking about
these things last second. Same with
this. When they actually announce
everything, ideally you want the market
to have heard all these potential risks,
all these things that might happen. You
want the market, you don't want it all
of a sudden to all come out the day they
announce something. You want these
things to have been talked about, been
out there in the zeitgeist. Um, do you
think
&gt;&gt; Nice German word. Nice German word.
Zeitgeist. I love it.
&gt;&gt; Do do you think uh Okay. So, do you
think they mentioned any of this on the
earnings call on Wednesday or Tuesday?
When is it Wednesday or Tuesday?
&gt;&gt; So, Tuesday Tuesday is SpaceX's earnings
call.
Um they will not talk about Tesla China
on
&gt;&gt; No, but merger merger wise
&gt;&gt; the it's actually there's a fun fact
that
SpaceX does not have a general counsel.
They had a general counsel until 2025
which was preipo paper and then he left.
Did he leave? I don't know at what
moment in time. Again I tell you I'm in
all these timelines when what what and
not everything is clear but anyway as of
today SpaceX does not have a general
counsel they have a VP legal who uh may
be sitting there so if the same thing
happens then in the Tesla earnings call
Elon will deflect and will hand over to
the non-existing general council maybe
the VP legal or I don't know what they
will certainly not address it there now
the thing is that my wet dream not that
women have wet dreams but let's to say.
So my wet dream is that he would,
&gt;&gt; you know, just being Elon and screwing
everything that's, you know, normal.
&gt;&gt; Um, would be, oh, one last thing. You'll
have a press release in a couple of
minutes because we're merging. Oh my
gosh, would I love that. Not just
because I would be right on the timing,
but just because it would be so
unexpected. Now, let me say something
else. So, with Tesla, we have these say
questions. Yeah,
&gt;&gt; we have said many times how confusing
and low quality whatever, but I mean it
is what it is. And some
&gt;&gt; I thought they were good this last time.
&gt;&gt; They didn't
&gt;&gt; they were regrouped.
&gt;&gt; Yeah,
&gt;&gt; they were regrouped.
&gt;&gt; Let's just leave it at that. And I think
they were smart in regrouping them, but
that's another question. But anyway, for
SpaceX, they built something with Grock,
which is on the SpaceX IR website, where
you can add your question just by
pretend. I mean, you don't even have to
prove that you're an investor. You just
have to tick some boxes and there you
are. The questions,
can we have pink colored rockets,
please? And like five times the same
question and stuff like that. So,
there is a lot of progress to be made.
Let me just put it at that. So, I do
hope they filter those questions very
carefully and don't take too many.
There's some good ones in there, but
they're just not getting upvoted because
there's so many crazies up there. But,
uh, it is it is going to be an
interesting call just because it's so
new and it's going to be Quinn and it's
going to be um what is his name? Brett
Roberto, whatever the the CFO.
&gt;&gt; Are there any
&gt;&gt; questions about the merger on that?
&gt;&gt; Yeah, there is a question about the
merger and they're going to ignore it.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Well, analyst. So, okay. So you
think there's no shot they mention
anything about the merger on the call or
like they don't say like hey we're think
we're going to make you don't think
they'll announce it on the call
&gt;&gt; now is there a probability that they
announce it at the end of the call
they're certainly not going to make it
the center of the call because there's
so much to be talked about right I mean
it was great quarter the results the EPS
is still going to be negative in the 20
30 cents but I mean the two billion more
from the from the uh GPU rentals maybe
there are more contracts and then
Starship 13.
They can, you know, tell a nice story
there. Will they mention something at
the very end like I hope? Very unlikely.
How do you announce a merger? Normally,
you announce it with press release, a
joint press release from both Tesla and
SpaceX with the same text, you know,
synergies, beautiful, couple of
keywords. Please wait for the 8K SEC
filing for more details. in that 8k SEC
filing which has to happen within four
business days but could come five
minutes later. I mean usually they're
very good in the first 24 hours to do
stuff like that Tesla but who knows with
SpaceX um both companies Tesla and
SpaceX will file the 8K that's what we
have to study and then a couple of weeks
later will be the two proxies inviting
shareholders of both companies to
prepare for the vote which will then be
six seven weeks later.
&gt;&gt; Okay. So, so let's say it doesn't happen
on the call. You think it happens within
the first week after?
&gt;&gt; So, what happens on the call is Tuesday
the 4th and then 2 days later is the
first window for the lockups of early
investors to go out. So, this is not a
huge group. This is about 40% who have
this window and they have that window
for 20% of their stock. So, it's maximum
8% of stock. There are numbers out
there. Now, would it have been probable
that a lot of them went out at 200? Of
course. Do I think that lots of them
want to get out at 100? Probably not.
So, it's also a matter of price, right?
Who where will the price be on that
Thursday morning for them to go out?
Now, if they are that scared of that
possible merger, they have a window. So,
would it be politically correct, not
that he ever is, of Elon to let them go
out before he announces anything? Yes.
Does that is that a consideration for
him? Well, probably depends on who it is
really he who wants to get out now. They
may have a better pulse on it. I have no
idea even who it is. It will be mainly
in my view smaller funds who with this
enormous increase even if they only went
in a year or two ago, they still made
50%. Right? So, um they may be
overweight SpaceX now, even if they
believe in the story, it may just be too
much in their portfolio and they want to
they want to trim a bit. But but anyway
actually the most of the late early
investors did it via SPVS and those SPVS
are specific group 13% of early
investors who have specific contracts
that they cannot get out in 2026 they
have their lockups organized in 2027 and
as far out as August next year. So um
it's really the older you can say that
older early investors but anyway all
that to say I think it's would be
politically correct not sure he takes
care of that um to let them out on the
Thursday maybe even on the Friday so my
most probable is that it's announced in
the week of August 8th is the Monday no
uh 11th right is that a Monday let me
just check because I'm so completely
oblivious to dates Monday's the 10th
okay so if it in that week from the 10th
to the 15th would be most likely because
it is still early enough to get that
shareholder vote in by November. It is
still early enough to get the whole
consummation well into the Trump
administration's
reign. And
like I said, I will be so happy once
it's out because now we can at least
analyze it and have an opinion on it
rather than just talking into hot air.
Um, and it will have let some of the
early investors out.
&gt;&gt; And what if we don't get anything by the
end of August? What are your thoughts?
&gt;&gt; Then I will cry because my calls will
have been for nothing but it doesn't
matter because it was gambling money
anyway. Um, if we don't I mean every day
it becomes more likely. Okay. So there
is a lockup schedule with next lockups
opening in September and whatever.
There's also in September, end of
September new purchases
of at least as much of the index funds,
right? Because initially they could only
buy about a third because of the reduced
float. Now they have a bigger float,
they can add a second, third and so on
and then in December the last one. So
it could be as late as December so that
all the older early investors are all
out because their last stock up is on
the 8th of December
&gt;&gt; and then they announce it. But I would
consider that is four months that are
lost. Right? Because now the shareholder
meeting would have had to take place or
would have had to be postponed. That
means we would have not had a
shareholder meeting at all in 2026
which doesn't go down nicely with
institutions and again institutions are
now over 50%. So he has to sort of also
consider their priorities. There are a
couple of of key dates in the next
couple of weeks. by mid August we know
exactly which big institutions are in
SpaceX. Now that's very important to me
and and to Tesla. So you know we will be
able to do uh a table adding how much
Vanguard has on this side, how much
Vanguard has on that side to see how
much that would be of a combined entity
and so on. And then so that's those are
the 13 Fs and then by end of August we
have SEC filings of proxy votes between
July
2025 up to end of June 2026. So of our
November vote on the 2025 compensation
package. I want to see that because I
want to see whether the Schwabs and the
State Streets and the Goldmans and
whatever are still as hostile to all of
these ideas which is probably then also
an indicator whether they'll be hostile
to the next shareholder vote. Right? So
those are two intense work mo moments
where we will have to look into all
that.
&gt;&gt; Okay. Let let me ask you one last
question. in the big scheme of things.
Okay.
&gt;&gt; How do what do you think is
if all this happens one way or another?
What's your most likely way Tesla
shareholders get screwed? Like if it's
going to happen, just what's the most
likely? And obviously we're talking
about low percentage chances here after
everything we've talked about. We
understand what your point of view is. I
just like if if you're telling someone,
hey, just watch out for this one thing.
What's what's how do you see it play
out? Is it just like people vote no on
this and then that affects Tesla stock
because of that or I mean like just
anything?
&gt;&gt; So if the shareholder vote is no,
Tesla stock will
go considerably lower
&gt;&gt; than it is today.
&gt;&gt; Do you think it's because the overall
shareholder vote is now because people
will speculate that Elon
&gt;&gt; that Elon's going to leave? Yeah. that
that exact yeah that that was
&gt;&gt; and I'm not saying that that is probable
but I think that is the expectation and
that impact well he hasn't threatened
that but he's threatened building
outside of Tesla but yeah that that's my
&gt;&gt; the board the board has threatened that
remember with the compensation package
saying if you don't vote for that he may
walk
&gt;&gt; uh and I'm sure I can't be but I'm I
think it's very likely they will
threaten that again so um
&gt;&gt; I agree
&gt;&gt; a no vote
a SpaceX no vote is a zero risk for me
0.1% because you should never put
anything at zero but inexistent risk a
Tesla shareholder vote no
Tesla
shareholders are screwed especially
retail because I don't care about
institutions
&gt;&gt; but we have to now right I mean you've
done the homework
&gt;&gt; and then the other thing and then the
other thing is that
institutional investors
may easier to satisfy for a yes vote
than a no vote. So if there is an over
say that again how you say that
&gt;&gt; say more say more on that why
&gt;&gt; I well because what they what they do I
mean most of the institutions just do
index tracking right so it's not as if
they as if they have like open positions
in Tesla and this is impacting their
bonus or whatever else if the if the QQQ
has 2.4% Tesla they have 2.4% 4% Tesla
in their QQQ fund, right? It's just the
way they work. Now, they also have now
2.4%
voting power and they know that Elon
will know how they vote because latest
every August they know, but I mean
obviously uh all these proxy advisors
have statistics and much more insight
than we will ever have. So for them to
be friends with Elon is much more
important for many of them being friends
with for example Vanguard and Black
Rockck I'm convinced will vote with Elon
no matter what first of all because
they're in both entities they're already
in SpaceX and in
especially for Vanguard in SpaceX early
well you have to be friends right you're
not getting in there uh if if you're not
friend and there will be more Elon
projects and they will want to be early
investors in other stuff. So they think
much more in terms that you know have
nothing to do with our priorities. So as
long as this looks
and and also excuse me they think the
market is right you know we think we
know better than the market as retail
investors but an institutional investor
the market is the reality there is no
emotion to no this is wrong this should
be somewhere else whatever they they
couldn't care less so all that to say is
if this is a merger of equals if this is
a halfway a decent multiplier
and if they don't hate Elon which is not
true for all of them but which if they
don't hate Elon
the institutions will vote yes and if
you think that Elon has about 20% voting
power again let me explain what we need
for this vote is 50% of outstanding
shares outstanding shares of 3.95
billion out of those 400 but 400 million
cannot vote because Elon has not reached
a 2025 compensation package. They will
be mirrored to the rest of the vote,
right? So those have to be set aside in
our calculation. So 3.5 of those 3.5 he
has about 700 million that he will vote
yes. So of the 3.5 we need 1.75 he has
about 700
million. So about 1.1 million are still
needed. And do the institutions have
1.1? Yes.
So even if the whole block of retail
would not vote or would vote no and
there is a block of retail who cannot
vote. So that's already straight away no
votes. Um it wouldn't really matter. I
mean it wouldn't really matter. Do does
he want to win this with 50.01%? No. I
think he wants to win this with 60 plus.
Yeah. and and for that retail is
necessary of course and that's why I'm
still very hopeful in a very decent
thing. But if you if it you know if you
hit the ground and you really want to go
to the very extremes retail is not very
important here anymore because we're
down to the low 20s. That is just it. I
I wish we were not. I hate it
&gt;&gt; because it gives us also less power to
get through to them.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. So if it doesn't hap if they don't
make an announcement sometime in August,
you think it doesn't happen till
December, right?
&gt;&gt; No, I think every day it becomes more
likely.
&gt;&gt; Okay. Okay.
All right. Well, anything else you want
people to know? Anything
&gt;&gt; left un?
&gt;&gt; Well, thank you so much for coming on
here uh last minute on a Saturday. Spend
your Saturday with me. I mean, man,
thank you. And you know, I always tell
everybody, do your own research. I'm
just some idiot on YouTube with a
backwards hat on and but she's tell her
mama. So,
&gt;&gt; no, no, no. I'm the idiot with the gray
hair.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. So, uh yeah, go do your own
research, make your own decisions. Uh
but I just wanted to have a conversation
about the two big risks that I see which
was dilution Tesla China spin-off
diversific divest wow divevestature and
then honestly the one that I haven't
talked about I mean you just brought it
up or we brought it up is Elon
potentially walking if this doesn't
happen what does that do for Tesla stock
but um I in general I think I think that
this will be good for Tesla and SpaceX
and all investors involved. It seems
pretty obvious to me that the way
everything I know I said I was wrapping
up and here I am again. I suck at this.
I'm not Herbert. But I haven't talked
about this. I was actually going to talk
about it uh for the first time tomorrow
on my weekly videos. But I don't think I
think the big plan that Elon has is not
to be like anthropic or open AI with
LLMs. I don't think Grock will ever be
something that he tries to make money
on. I think Grock will be kind of like
the superchargers where it's there
because it's a necessity, but we're not
actually trying to make money on it.
Sure, we want to break even, all that,
but the way I see
&gt;&gt; 300 bucks just this morning, excuse me.
Hey. Well, but the way I see it is
we have our phones, which I think
eventually Elon will make a relationship
with all the individual phone suppliers
like like Apple to kind of have a let's
skip out the middleman, you get more
margins kind of thing. But you have your
phone which Grock works on. You've got
your car which Grock works on, your
computer Grock works on. And if you
could have a home device, which is what
I think SpaceX is looking to build, and
you get Grock there, now Grock is your
connective tissue across anywhere you go
in any domain. And I think that's more
valuable. That creates that Apple-like
ecosystem. And I think that's why it
doesn't matter if Grock is valuable
because everything else that they build
around it is valuable. I think that will
set them apart in time because Open AI,
Anthropic, they need to make money off
of that. Elon doesn't. Elon can make
money off Optimus, off FSD, off
Starlink, off the vehicles, off
autonomy, off space launches, off
satellites, off connectivity. Croc
doesn't have to make any money, but it
does for everyone else. And that's why
it's so obvious to me they're going to
win. Well, I mean they will win for many
reasons just because they are so
vertically integrated from the little
words we write on X up to all the way up
there in the stars. But I think that
device is actually let's just I mean I'm
going completely crazy. The pinky of the
bot think once you have the bot in the
house you will have a function the the
you will have a function of the bot that
you can always put in your pocket and
take with you. No, you plug it into your
head phone.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Well, you plug it in your ear.
plug it. I don't know what I call your
neural link into something. Well, yeah,
but not everybody will want to have the
chip in the brain. But I do you will
&gt;&gt; I mean if he gives me 10 years of my
life I do anything. You you will see
when you get older but I mean let's just
call it the pinky of my life. Um, if I
can carry that around everywhere I go,
if that is my car key, my phone, my
I yell at it, it does it. And the
missing Pinky bot at home starts
preparing my coffee or whatever else.
Um, I always thought it was that was the
&gt;&gt; missing piece.
&gt;&gt; But you already have your phone, so what
do you need that for? Grock's already
&gt;&gt; I don't need a phone anymore. I the day
I can throw my phone finally away
and I have the pinky.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, that's fair. Although then how are
you going to watch YouTube and watch all
all of our stuff? You got to have a
screen.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, I don't know. Do you do you
believe because you're much better vers
in meta? Oh, that's funny. Worst in me.
I'm good today. Um do you think that
this glasses idea will really come? Um,
I think there's something there, but no,
I don't I don't think so. But there's
definitely something there. Um, I think
I think there's a lot of things that are
very convenient with glasses where you
can minimize what you do on here, but I
don't want to watch videos with that on.
I I'd rather watch it on my phone. Um I
honestly like to me the biggest thing is
I just want to get rid of my license and
have it on my phone because once that
happens then I don't need a wallet
anymore. So that's one less thing.
&gt;&gt; Well to do that in we're allowed to do
that now in California. I have it on my
&gt;&gt; See that's awesome. The the the one
thing with the glasses is it's the
technology is not there yet to put
enough compute into the glasses and have
it last. battery life, memory, all that.
And
&gt;&gt; connecting to the cloud every time
that's you got a lot of latency and
stuff like that. But there's just some
things that having a tactile, you know,
touching is is very important, I think.
And so, I don't know. I I think the
phones will be around for a long time,
maybe use less. But I think though, and
the other thing, too, is with glasses
on, it creates a a sense of um a lack of
privacy. You know, if you're talking to
someone who has these glasses on, you're
like, "Are you recording me?" Like,
"What's going, you know, it's like
&gt;&gt; you're not in approach anymore."
&gt;&gt; Exactly. And like, are you are you like
looking at your text or are you talking
to me? It's like, you know, it's I think
it
&gt;&gt; it create it's like an oxymoron, right?
It's like social media is not actually
social in many ways. It's kind of
antisocial. You know, people are sitting
there in the same room texting each
other. It's like I I hate that.
&gt;&gt; I tell you, give me the pinky. That's
just all there is.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. No, that's fair.
All right, I won't take up any more of
your Saturday. Thank you so much for
coming on. I genuinely appreciate it. Uh
hope everyone
&gt;&gt; had fun listening. All right, cheers.
I'm so used to being on with Herbert, I
was like, "Oh, okay. Uh it's just gonna
end."
&gt;&gt; Yeah. No, no, no. You have to do it. I
know.