Channel:     farzad-fm
Title:       STUNNING New SpaceX Starship Rocket Launch (Starship 13 w/ Starlink v3)
URL:         https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CwRS6g7Z1Eg
Published:   2026-07-25 00:44 UTC
Fetched:     2026-07-25 01:00 UTC

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Let's see if we can get this thing in
the water.
Three sea level split.
Seeing healthy chamber pressures on. Did
our flip down to two.
Starship descending into the Indian
Ocean. Down to one.
And we're in the water.
And it's a soft splash down in the
water.
That is a first.
That is the softest splash down we have
ever had with the Starship there in the
Indian Ocean.
&gt;&gt; It's bound to be an exciting day for our
recovery team. I mean that huge
milestone to even get to soft splash
down much less have the vehicle stay
afloat.
&gt;&gt; Yeah,
&gt;&gt; the teams are super hyped here.
That's a crowd here at Starbase Tech
Texas.
- 9 8 7 6 5 4 3 2 1
Vehicle is pitching down range.
Booster Raptor chamber pressures
nominal.
30 seconds into flight. 33 out of 33
Raptor engines lit on the super heavy
booster arcing away from us here at
Starbase.
Coming up on Max Q, maximum aerodynamic
pressure, which again for this flight is
going to be higher than it has been on
any of our previous Starship flights.
passing through. Maximum aerodynamic
pressure over a minute now into flight.
Still seeing 33 out of 33 Raptor engines
lit and burning.
Our next major moment's going to be
coming up in just a little over a minute
from now when we're going to get to hot
staging. We're going to shut down all
but five of those engines on the
booster. It's our version of MOO. Most
engines cut off. And then we're going to
ignite the six engines on the ship uh to
while it is still attached to do that
separation. As a reminder, we try to do
a directional flip. So, when you watch
on your screen, we're hopefully going to
be sending that booster towards the
bottom of the frame. For the booster
itself, it's like doing a flip up.
that'll go towards the bottom of your
frame. We do that by lighting the
engines in a slightly staggered
sequence.
Standing by for hot staging.
All but five engines down.
&gt;&gt; Six. Ignite.
&gt;&gt; Start up.
&gt;&gt; And the booster now doing its boost back
burn. It looks like we lit all 33
initially. Now we're down to 13. We're
seeing six out of six Raptors lit on the
ship.
back burn shutdown
&gt;&gt; and boost back burn shutdown. So, looks
like we were able to get through the
boost back burn this time around. It was
one of the key objectives we didn't have
on the last flight
&gt;&gt; and we've got six engines lit on the
ship.
All right. So, that's the the first of
two burns that the booster is going to
be doing to kind of send it back towards
us. Uh it's going to be landing a couple
of miles offshore from Star Base.
Hopefully, we're going to try and get it
all the way down to do a landing burn
&gt;&gt; where we're going to use those 13 center
engines. They're going to ignite. That's
what's going to really bleed off all
that velocity that it's built up. And
it'll eventually hopefully transition to
five engines to kind of fine-tune its
path in and then all the way down to
three for the remaining bit.
&gt;&gt; All right, we've got a couple of minutes
to go until we get there. So, booster is
going to coast for a little bit. Ship
still seeing six out of six Raptor
engines lit. Four minutes into the
flight. Ship's got about four minutes
left. Getting some killer views. Kate,
Nate, how was the view from out from
down there?
&gt;&gt; Uh, it was incredible. I mean, it just
shot off the pad and seeing all the
crowd now running back inside to take
views on the screen here. It's It was
amazing.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, one of these days I'm going to
learn to not stare at the engines cuz
now I have a bright blob in my vision.
Um, now speaking of vision, we could see
uh both stages there on your screen.
Starship second stage is still firing
its engines. You can follow along with
that with the guey down on the bottom
right hand side of your uh screen.
Still following the planned flight path
as well. Beautiful views of planet Earth
there behind the ship.
&gt;&gt; That's right. And we're actually getting
a live shot off the booster right now.
An onboard camera. You can see the plume
from Starbase where it just lifted off 5
minutes ago.
&gt;&gt; Nominal trajectory.
We are there. We are there. That is us.
&gt;&gt; I kind of want to run back outside and
wave. Right.
&gt;&gt; Right now. Again, this booster is not
planning to come back to the tower or
the launch site for this particular
launch. We are going to be planning to
do an ocean splash down just off the
coast of Star Base. So, hoping to still
get some amazing views of that.
Pretty
awesome to see the Raptor engines there
on the left hand side of your screen. We
can actually see the plume there uh of
those center raptors. Those uh those are
the sea level ones uh as well as the
vacuum raptors are the three on the
larger ones on the uh outer radius.
Now, just like on tower catches, we are
going to be doing a 13 engine landing
burn to slow the booster down.
Hopefully, we can get a live camera of
the booster right now as we're going
into that phase. Awesome shot. You can
see it there. So, right now, the booster
is using their three hypersonic grid
fins to guide itself through the
atmosphere toward its landing site. You
can see we're only 5 km above the sea
right here.
Just heard the call out for a landing
burn startup for the booster.
&gt;&gt; I have a feeling the crowd's about to go
wild here.
&gt;&gt; And another awesome landing for Super
Heavy. Congratulations to all the teams
here at Starbase and at our SpaceX team.
An amazing amazing view.
Everything continues to go well with
ship as you can see there on your
screen.
Yeah, we've got about a minute left with
the ship engines on. Just looking at the
booster real quick. It didn't look like
we lit all 13 engines that we were
planning for that initial landing burn.
We were targeting a softer splash down
and as you saw it came in with quite a
bit of velocity still. So, uh, landing
velocity did look a little bit high. Um,
but really cool to make it all the way
back this time to that landing burn.
We'll dig in, uh, figure out how to turn
on all those engines and then get to a
full landing soon. But all eyes on ship.
We are just a little ways away from
getting those engines turned off. We
expected to burn about eight minutes and
change
&gt;&gt; and so hopefully just about 15 minutes
to go.
&gt;&gt; Sounds like we just got the sonic boom
from the booster splash down
&gt;&gt; and engine shutdown.
All right, Starship six Raptor engines
have successfully shut down.
&gt;&gt; Nominal orbit insertion.
&gt;&gt; And there's our call out for nominal
orbit insertion. So, we got a ship in
space. We've got a booster in the Gulf
where we were planning to send it. It's
a hell of a start to the day, Kate.
Yeah, it sure is. Uh, all of our
colleagues here are filing in through
the doors. A lot of people wanted to
stay outside and, uh, hear the boom and
so, uh, it's pretty great to see a ship
in space and everybody's super excited
down here.
&gt;&gt; That's right. And as guaranteed, it has
been an awesome day so far. All this
action in just 9 minutes now. And
objectives are done for the booster.
Just want to quickly flag that that
booster did land in a clear zone. We
clear those before launch well ahead so
that we ensure everyone is safe before
the launch and after. So we're getting
ready now for our in space objectives.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, we've got a few minutes until the
next milestone. So sit tight and enjoy
the space views and of course the space
jams. We'll be back here at T + 14
minutes to deploy our payload, which is
20 of our newest Starlink version 3
satellites. So we'll see you soon.
Welcome back. If you're just joining us,
we're getting ready to deploy 20
Starlink version 3 satellites. That will
get underway after we open the payload
door in just about a minute. Now, for
those of you that perhaps missed the
previous 14 minutes, uh this is the
second flight of Starship version 3.
This is flight 13. It lifted off. It had
a beautiful ascent as well as a ship
ignition and stage separation. It was
literally picture perfect from here at
Starbase.
&gt;&gt; Picture perfect. And then we continued
with that booster hot stage separation.
Amazing to see some live replays of that
and of course the booster performing its
own boost back and landing.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Ship continued for about 8 minutes
with all six of its engines and made it
to second engine cutoff where we heard
good orbital insertion and we've been
coasting in space for the last few
minutes. Now, we're getting ready to
deploy our very first real Starlink
version 3 satellites. The door will be
opening here in just about 6 seconds
from now.
Now, we won't have the same views as we
did on flight 12 of our payload. We
don't have those cameras on board these
Starship version 3es. That was a Dodger
dog exclusive, but we will be able to
see them deploy from the ship. As Kate
said, we should see the door open up
really soon if we haven't quite gotten
it open already.
We've got 20 of these Starlink V3
satellites. Looks like the PEZ door is
open. And so, yeah, this these are the
this is the first time we've got
Starlink V3 satellites getting ready to
go into space. And I mean, these things
are really just kind of crazy upgrades
that they're going to bring to the
network where you start talking about
just symmetric gigabit speeds through
the Starlink network pretty much
anywhere on the planet that this is
going to unlock. Um, so really exciting.
These are these satellites are only
going to be in space for about 20
minutes. Sorry about that. Uh these will
only be in space for about 20 minutes as
they're on the same suborbital
trajectory as Starship itself. This is
essentially just giving us a chance to
try and run as many tests as possible.
Uh deploy the solar arrays, antennas,
whatever we can on these vehicles. Uh we
are intentionally being a little scrappy
with it. They might be playing some
bumper cars once they're out of the
door. Uh but we are looking to get these
deployed uh over the next couple of
minutes. In the in the meantime, they're
getting ready to uh also do the Raptor
in space relight. Listening to a little
bit of conversation on that, but we are
currently tracking to do it. I'll give
you some updates if we hear otherwise.
And there you go.
You can see our first Starlink V3
getting deployed out of Starship.
Huge milestone for the team out here.
Yeah, the crowd is definitely hyped
about this. You could see these Starlink
V3s continuing to pop out with uh
deployment assisted by the PEZ
dispenser. Now, this version of Starship
is built to deploy up to 60 of these
more advanced Starlink version 3
satellites. Each V3 is designed to offer
1 terabit per second of Dow link
capacity. Now, let's put that into
Falcon 9 terms real quick. A Starship
launch with V3 satellites will launch 20
times the capacity into the
constellation as a single launch of V2
satellites on Falcon 9. Just incredible.
And anybody that follows Starship, you
know that the views that we're being
treated to right now, the views we get
during those re-entries, that's made
possible by Starlink. It's given us just
this unprecedented look into Starship as
it's flying through space, hurdling
through the atmosphere. Um, it's
powering the dozens of cameras we have
on board. It's giving us real time data
on every system that's telemetred on
board that vehicle in real time. We use
the exact same constellation to power
all of our cameras that we have out in
the field here in the Indian Ocean. Um,
so really powerful technology for just
connecting you no matter where the heck
you are on the planet, off the planet.
Um, so thank you Starlink for letting me
watch this stuff as we fly through
space. It's pretty awesome. Uh, we get
about 240 megabits per second of data
rate off Starship, which everybody in
the spaceflight community knows that's
pretty insane uh, when you're usually
dealing with single digits uh, on some
of the older systems. So, gives you a
lot of insight, gives you a lot of
ability to just rapidly iterate, know
what the heck happened uh, when things
go wrong. But looks like we're seeing
some more satellites get out the door.
Uh we do have cameras on some of them.
Uh the last couple that are going to go
out are going to try and do the heat
shield imaging that we attempted last
flight. We don't have that camera view
that we got on flight 12 where you kind
of see the satellite leaving Starship.
Those aren't on the V3 satellites. Uh,
but we are going to on the last couple
that go out have some pretty narrow
field view cameras that are going to be
looking back at Starship, turn on some
flashlights. And this is a test of a
capability that we're really going to
want uh when we start doing orbital
flights to just add that extra layer of
safety, that extra layer of reliability
where we're going to be able to image
Starship's heat shield after it's gone
through assent, after it's been in space
before it re-enters. So, we're going to
try to test that again today. Uh, the
heat shield imaging, we didn't get a
whole lot last time. Looks like we got
some thunderstorms on planet Earth below
us. Uh, but couple more satellites to
go, it looks like.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, it's pretty awesome to see our V3s
in space. I want to give a shout out to
our Starlink colleagues.
Now, we expect uh payload deploy to run
until about 27 and 12 minutes. So about
another 7 minutes here.
The Starlink team will be attempting to
speedrun these tests or excuse me,
speedrun test these version 3 satellites
where they will attempt to do a few
tests such as extend the new solar
arrays and antennas. Um they're also
going to try and connect these V3
satellites with ground stations and turn
on the satellites communication systems.
Now, they're only going to have about 20
minutes or so to do all of this as these
satellites uh only have that long before
they demise in the atmosphere or break
up um due to that friction when they uh
uh re-enter the atmosphere. So, what we
learn from today's deployment will help
progress um and move the program
forward, which is super exciting. uh you
could basically say that the payload's
payload is data. Uh like we're getting
very inception here. Uh now in addition
to those tests for Starlink uh for the
Starlink team, as Dan mentioned, six of
the satellites have been modified with
engineering cameras to help scan
Starship's heat shield
that will help inform our analysis of
Starship's readiness for future catch
returns back here at our launch site.
So, for those that might be unfamiliar,
we are currently capable of catching our
super heavy booster. Um, and we've done
that a couple times. We we have not yet
attempted to catch our our second stage
or ship. Um, and so that is uh going to
be a very exciting milestone when that
day comes
&gt;&gt; for sure. And we're building up to it
with today's test. We are still planning
to do our water splashdown in the Indian
Ocean. So stay tuned for that. That's
only about 40 minutes away. But still in
space, we keep on deploying our Starlink
satellites.
Again, these are our V3 version of our
Starlink satellites. A whole host of
added capabilities to our version two
that's currently in orbit.
And this is our team here at Starbase
Texas.
These are all of the team members that
have helped build the vehicle, that have
built the PEZ dispenser and got it ready
to fly today. Amazing work.
&gt;&gt; Now, for those of you that have just
recently tuned in, uh there is a
spaceship in your screen, we promise. Uh
right now the ship is in uh orbital
darkness so we don't have any available
sunlight from the sun to help illuminate
the scene. Uh but what you can see uh
moving out from that smallly lit space
uh those are the V3 satellites as they
are being deployed and essentially the
ship is illuminated from the inside and
so we're able to see the light come out
through the payload door.
&gt;&gt; Right. Just a just a really small sliver
of light at the top. That's our PEZ
dispenser. That's how we're both loading
our satellites into the rocket and
deploying it. It's pretty novel.
We've got about 3 and 1/2 minutes still
left of our payload deploy sequence.
&gt;&gt; Yep. Looks like we've got 16 satellites
deployed. So, four more to go.
These last couple will have those
cameras. So, if you see any sudden
bright lights, that'll be flashlights
turning on in on those satellites to try
and uh get some imagery of Starship's
heat shield.
17 out the door.
Three more to go and 18.
All right. And while while we wait for
these last two, uh we did confirm we are
still go for our Raptor relight
demonstration a little bit later in the
flight today. So we will be looking to
relight one of those Raptor engines on
ship and that'll be our next major
milestone after we get through these
final two satellites. Yeah, just at 25
minutes into our flight, it's crazy to
think that we're already screaming at
27,000 km an hour, 200 km above the
ocean surface.
&gt;&gt; Amazing.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Uh now, for those of you that uh
lost count, we have deployed almost all
of our 20 Starlink satellites. I believe
our last count was at 18, so we should
be seeing two more. Um and we're very
excited to see our version three
satellites in space. Uh and these are
fully like these are real satellites.
They're not just demonstration uh sats
like we had last time. Uh these are
going to basically have a 20inut
lifespan where our Starlink engineering
team will attempt to perform a number of
tests and really speedrun those tests
during that time.
&gt;&gt; Right. And in terms of satellite
lifespans, 20 minutes is it's the
shortest you could possibly get. But
hopefully in that 20 minute time frame,
we can we can really try and ink out as
many tests as we can.
&gt;&gt; It looks like we might have some uh this
might actually be light from one of the
Starlink satellites. As we mentioned
before, a few of them, six of them
actually are equipped with flashlights
to look back at Starship as we want to
image the um the heat shield and
understand the heat shield performance
through the ascent phase. As this
information is very important for us to
know and understand as we uh prepare for
operations that will enable ship to come
back to Starbase for for landing, for
catch I should say, right?
We are about 40 seconds away from that
planned payload deployment sequence
being complete.
&gt;&gt; Yep. Looks like we've just got those
last two to go.
These ones might be coming out of
starting to see motion.
19 out the door. One more.
&gt;&gt; It looks like we got a crowd at our
Hawthorne, California location. Some
colleagues gathering outside of mission
control there as well.
That marks, if I'm not mistaken, our
20th. So, our payload deploy sequence is
now complete. Starship will now close
its payload bay door and continue to
coast around Earth to the Indian Ocean.
Still a lot of of major major events to
come today, including our Raptor relight
burn at T plus 38 minutes 58 seconds,
followed by atmospheric re-entry where
the heat shield will be put to test and
eventually our splashdown. So, with
that, we're going to go ahead and go on
to another quick post.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. So sit tight, enjoy the views, uh,
and of course some more space jams. And
we will come back here at T plus 37
minutes for our Raptor engine relight
and of course Starship re-entry. Welcome
back once again to the flight 13
webcast. If you're just joining us, our
newest version of Starship, which you
see there on your screen, successfully
deployed 20 Starlink version 3
satellites. And I've got great news to
share. Not only were we able to make
contact with all 20, but we also made
comms over lasers with all of them as
well. So, uh, that is awesome. Hell
yeah. Shout out to our Starlink team.
We're so thrilled.
&gt;&gt; Huge milestone. And that's only 3
minutes or 5 minutes after deploying
them. I mean, that's crazy.
&gt;&gt; Amazing. And right now, we are expecting
a relight of a single Raptor engine. And
that's going to be coming up in just
over a minute and a half from now.
&gt;&gt; That's right. We are going to be
lighting one of our Seale Raptor
engines. And this is essentially just a
demonstration that you can relight an
engine after it's already done its ass
ascent burn. Um, and this is going to be
really important when we do maneuvers
for orbital missions, whether we're
relighting to go into orbit, um, or if
you're already in orbit and you're
getting ready to do a de-orbit burn. Uh,
we did hear our Raptor team is go for
the engine relight. So, not going to be
skipping it on this one. Um, so we
should see that coming up uh in just
about 45 seconds from now. Um, again,
this is not a de-orbit burn for this
ship. We are on a suborbital trajectory,
so this starship is coming back over the
Indian Ocean no matter what. Uh, but
this is going to be a pretty critical
test um for what we'll eventually need
to do when we do orbital missions. When
you got to relight those engines, do a
burn to get yourself out of orbit. Uh,
one thing that is unique on this one is
we're going to be lighting it um for a
little bit longer of a time. We're
expecting this burn to be up to about 14
seconds. We've only done about 3 seconds
previously.
And so that should be coming up within
the next couple of seconds. Let's stand
by.
&gt;&gt; Light demo started.
&gt;&gt; You see a relight there on your screen.
&gt;&gt; Wow.
and confirmation over the net. Three
light shutdown. The burn has ended.
Congrats to the team on this milestone.
I mean, it's it's crazy to see how we
can maneuver in space and just another
icing on the cake for today's mission.
So, we're going to be taking another
quick break. We'll be back in a couple
of minutes before re-entry, which is
targeted for about T plus 47 minutes.
So, we'll see you soon. Welcome back
once again to Starship Flight 13, the
second test flight of Starship version
3. As you can see by these pretty cool
views on your screen, the ship is
currently re-entering the Earth's
atmosphere. Now, we probably have some
first-time viewers tuning in today. So,
let's talk about this phase.
&gt;&gt; Right. So, re-entry, it's a critical
phase of flight, and we need information
on how the ship's systems perform. Uh,
so re-entry, you can see that speed in
the bottom lefthand corner of your
screen. We have to scrub all of that
speed down so that way we can safely
land. It's it's a lot of energy to be
able to scrub down. And it's it's all
the energy that we just used to launch
the rocket as well. So, Starlink will
also help us gather as much data as
possible, which is really the main
reason why we do these flight tests is
to see how the ship performs in space
and evaluate how it how it works.
Starlink provides us with one more path
to collect data to help us rapidly
iterate Starship's design.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, exactly. And if the ship manages
to again make it all the way through
re-entry, we'll collect valuable data on
the spacecraft flying through the
Earth's atmosphere. and it's doing so at
hypersonic speeds or more than five
times the speed of sound. Uh re-entry is
typically a portion of flight where we
don't have communications with
spacecraft because it's re-entering at
or around orbital velocity which is
roughly 8 km/s or about 5 m per second.
Uh so at those speeds the spacecraft is
moving through the atmosphere so fast
that it creates a plasma field around
the vehicle.
&gt;&gt; That black that blanket of plasma
distorts communication frequencies. So
it's not uncommon to experience brief
blackouts in communication. Starship is
designed to land on Mars where there are
no runways or other humans to help out
which is exactly why we're testing this
landing procedure that we're doing
today. And we're doing these propulsus
landings instead of more traditional
means like parachutes because
&gt;&gt; control of the vehicle.
&gt;&gt; You heard that call out. Flaps do have
control of the vehicle. You can actually
see one view your your screen moving
around. That's actually a camera affixed
to the flap.
So, as I was saying, we're we're testing
these doing doing these landings instead
of more traditional means. So, that way
propulsive landing, we can enable more
rapid reusability.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Now, we did just hear that call
out. We should continue to hear some
call outs as the ship makes its way back
to Earth. Now, when we hear something
called entry max heating, uh, as well as
entry max Q, that means that the ship
has made it through the maximum heating
and aerodynamic loads, um, that it
experiences as it returns. So, safe to
say that if it makes it through those
uh, specific points, we're doing pretty
well.
That's right. So, we'll continue to hear
multiple call outs as we go through this
phase. One of those call outs will be
that the ship is transsonic. We'll also
hear another one when it's subsonic.
Transsonic will be referring to the
period of flight where velocities of air
flow surrounding and flowing past the
vehicle are current concurrently below,
at, and above the speed of sound. So,
somewhere in the range of Mach 0.8 to
1.2 2. For reference, commercial jets
have a range of cruising speeds, but
most fly at roughly Mach.74.85.
Uh, just for reference, that's between
480 mph to 575 mph or 770 to 930 km an
hour.
And subsonic, another call out that
you'll hear later on in the stream,
subsonic will refer to speeds that are
much less than the speed of sound. So,
at this point in flight, the ship's
velocity will be slowing down
drastically.
So, with re-entry well underway, we'll
take another break and return just
before the ship's landing burn, targeted
for T + 1 hour and 5 minutes.
Heat.
Hey, heat. Hey, heat.
Welcome back one last time to Starship
flight 13, the second flight of Starship
version 3. As you could see on your
screen with crisp views from Starlink,
the ship is currently re-entering the
Earth's atmosphere over the Indian
Ocean. And really for the last several
minutes, we had some amazing technicolor
views. It really looked like it was made
out of starlight. Now, we did hear on
the Nets just moments ago that we made
it through max heating and max dynamic
pressure, meaning that the vehicle
temperature and speeds and pressure are
all coming down. And we can see that in
the bottom left hand corner of your
screen as that speed continues to
decelerate. We're coming up to the ship
landing burn. uh one of every pretty
much everybody's favorite part of of uh
Starship test flight days and that's
going to be coming up here in just about
or a minute or so.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, just about a minute away. We're
going to try and light all three Raptor
sea level engines for this burn. We'll
light three, do the flip. We'll
eventually go down to two as we get
close down to the water down mode to a
final one engine before we hopefully
execute a nice soft splash down. We'll
see if we've got our buoys and drones in
range with the recovery team. They're
going to be standing by to try and get
some additional views of Starship's heat
shield, which from kind of our initial
looks, it did pretty well on the flight
uphill, but we'll continue to dig
through all the visual data uh as we get
it. Uh we didn't do any real stress
tests or anything on this flight. Uh we
did do you heard our landing lont
controller call out. We were doing the
swoosh maneuver. This is kind of the
final maneuver that we plan to have
starships returning to uh star base do.
That will essentially hook them out over
the gulf before coming in and over tower
2. But about 10 seconds away. Look for
three raptors. The three in the middle
to light up. Do a flip. Let's see if we
can get this thing in the water.
Three sea level split.
Seeing healthy chamber pressures on it.
Did our flip down to two.
Starship descending into the Indian
Ocean. Down to one.
And we're in the water.
And it's a soft splash down in the
water.
That is a first.
That is the softest splash down we have
ever had with the Starship there in the
Indian Ocean.
&gt;&gt; It's bound to be an exciting day for our
recovery team. I mean that huge
milestone to even get to soft splash
down much less have the vehicle stay
afloat.
&gt;&gt; Yeah,
&gt;&gt; the teams are super hyped here.
&gt;&gt; Got a crowd here at Starbase Tech Texas.
Everyone's super excited. We never
really get to see Starship floating so
serenely in the Indian Ocean. So, we're
certainly enjoying these extended views.
Like I said, we're really pumped about
this. Uh, I want to check in with Tyler.
Uh, Tyler, how is Hawthorne feeling
about Lucky Flight 13?
Hey Kate, we are so excited about
another successful Starship test flight
and those gorgeous Starling fuse that we
had. And we can also confirm that we
were managed to make we managed to make
contact with all 20 of those V3 sets.
So, it's a massive day for us. So
congratulations to everyone at the team
at Starbase, for Starlink, everyone here
and around the company who've
contributed to the Starship program as
we make progress again towards a
multilanetary future. So thank you
everyone for tuning in. That's goodbye
from Hawthorne and back to you guys at
Starbase. View of the Starship heat
shield tiles. You can really see how the
atmospheric re-entry um the how it
disperses the heat around the edge of
the vehicle. I don't think we've seen
quite that close before.
&gt;&gt; Never. And honestly, however short-lived
that ship standing bobbing in the water
is, that is insane data for our team.
It's it's unbelievable that we were able
to keep that ship afloat. Now, we
promised maximum excitement and Starship
V3 delivered. Congratulations to all of
our teammates at SpaceX and to everyone
who supported the Starship program. And
thank you to all of our future customers
for your support.
&gt;&gt; Uh yeah, as you could tell, the crowd
really enjoyed that Nemo cam for a
moment. Uh we'd also like to thank the
fine people of Cameron County, as well
as the Coast Guard, the Federal Aviation
Administration, and the government of
Mexico. The amazing views do not end.
So, be sure to follow SpaceX on X for
updates and more of these exciting shots
that we didn't get to feature on today's
broadcast
&gt;&gt; and to get an inside realtime look uh
into the at the teams bringing this
incredible rocket to life. Check out the
latest episode of our documentary series
Starship. And of course, thanks to all
of you for for tuning in. And uh we're
going to head back up to Dan for uh some
additional thoughts.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, I'm I'm losing my mind right now.
We are still getting views from on board
the ship with it in the water. Like we
had tried in the past to do these
splashdowns as softly as possible. We
experimented with rolls. This is the
first time we've put an intact starship
in the water. This is a dream scenario.