Channel:     futureaza
Title:       The Real Reason Tesla May Sell Cybercabs
URL:         https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nSC00d4uCbA
Published:   2026-07-09 12:00 UTC
Fetched:     2026-07-09 13:00 UTC

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

So there's that aspect of it as well and
that has a political nature to it as
well because you could very easily see
people maybe targeting cyber cabs in the
streets because oh this is the Tesla
Corporation cars. Let's destroy them
because they're taking jobs away from
Uber drivers and so on. That's very
different if those cars are owned by
individual people. Robo taxi is coming
on quick, very quick it seems. But the
question I want to know is, is Tesla
actually going to sell cyber cabs to me,
to you, to Marquez Brownley? And for
that matter, will my Model Y ever
actually be in the network? Or what
about the older ones with the hardware
3? These questions deserve answers. So,
I figured I would find the most
optimistic person I can when it comes to
robo taxi modeling. I got CERN Basher
here uh as my fill in for Herbert who
would normally uh have a chat with me
but I think CERN has got pretty unique
insights on cybercap on robo taxi and on
autonomy generally at least in the
context of Tesla so let's chat about
that I'm Brian welcome to futurazza
&gt;&gt; CERN I have heard a rumor that you have
modeled cyber cab revenue a time or two,
including the logistics behind it. Is
that true?
&gt;&gt; Inside and out and outside in. Yes, I
have turned every leaf I could possibly
turn. I think when it comes to CyberCap,
&gt;&gt; I would agree with that. Now, I've been
watching your model since probably the
first one. I I'm sure I didn't miss the
first one and since then and uh we've
seen some interesting changes now that
we are able to dial in exactly how
efficient the vehicle is. Let's start
with what may be the easiest question.
Somebody owns a hardware 3 car. Will
that car ever be in the robo taxi
network?
&gt;&gt; In my opinion, it's highly unlikely.
&gt;&gt; I would agree.
&gt;&gt; I want it to be. I really want it to be.
I really, really want it to be, but I
think it's highly unlikely.
&gt;&gt; Mhm. That represents millions of cars.
Now, if they paid for FSD in full, Tesla
has said more than once that you will
have a path forward to unsupervised. you
will be able to get AI4 in that car. And
yes, it maybe it cost Tesla thousands to
do that, but you paid more than
thousands to get it. That would seem
like a pretty straightforward prospect.
I don't know what percentage of those
millions of vehicles bought it. My guess
would be less than 10%, probably more
like 5%. So, if that old car were to get
AI4,
could it then potentially enter the
network? I think there's some
possibility of that. Um although as time
goes on and as we get closer to of
course AI5
Tesla's going to want to have all the
vehicles be on a similar you know chip
so to speak, right? So we'll see. Again,
I'm hopeful I'm I'm more hopeful about
AI4. Um, although I think with some of
the things that Tesla wants to do with
the car, for example, being able to talk
to the car, I don't know that that's
really going to be possible so much with
AI4. The car needs that computing power
to drive, not to talk to you. So, unless
you have an AI5 chip, I don't think it's
going to have the capacity to do it.
&gt;&gt; Well, I would say that part could be
handled remotely. The way Grock isn't
quite running in the car, it is still
going back to the mother ship to get the
real answers done. it may be doing the
voice interpretation in the car. So, I
don't know on that. But a point you
raised there is most of the hardware 4
AI4 cars have the Ryzen chip while most
of the hardware 3 cars have the AMD chip
which is not as capable. So, there is
some overlap there. Hardware 3 cars and
hardware/ AI4 cars do not generally have
a bumper camera. The Model 3 refresh
didn't have them at the time it was
released. We saw some early prototypes
out for road testing that did. We were
very encouraged. I have one of those
cars. I don't mind. It doesn't Well, I
mean, in our family, we have two of the
AI4 cars with no front camera, a three
and a Y. On the three, I feel it's less
critical. You can really see down to the
road quite nicely on the Model Y. Hasn't
really been an issue since probably
version 12. Uh version 11 really like to
either stop 2 feet short of the parking
spot curb or just hit it. Those days are
gone. Is a bumper cam critical to safe
FSDs? Well, to safe robo taxi or
unsupervised operation.
&gt;&gt; I don't think it's critical. Obviously
though, the more safety you have on the
car, the more capacity it has to be
safe, the better. So certainly having a
bumper cam is better. Certainly having,
you know, the camera washers is better.
All these things are improvements. What
you may end up with is a situation where
those cars can't be used maybe in the
wintertime or under certain conditions.
&gt;&gt; So, you know, they have certain
capability. They they they can they can
drive safely, but it's just not as good
as it could be, right? So if you're if
you're Tesla, I think you want to have
as many vehicles, especially in the
early days, as many vehicles as you can
that are at the top of the capability.
&gt;&gt; Sure.
&gt;&gt; And that's why I say as time goes on, I
think there's less likelihood of AI4
cars being included because we're going
to have, you know, a couple years maybe
into the AI5 chips and Tesla may say,
you know what, this is where we want it
to be. Take a step back. At this point,
doesn't make any sense.
&gt;&gt; Okay. Uh let's talk about the camera
washers. Uh my my car has washers on
precisely the windshield. I imagine uh
every car you've owned has the same. Uh
are those repeater cameras, the fender
cameras, the B-pillars. Are all of those
going to need washers?
&gt;&gt; Well, I think ideally perhaps, but is it
necessary? No, not in all situations. In
some climates, in some areas, certain
times of the year, it it would be really
nice. Mhm.
&gt;&gt; Um I remember, you know, living in
Calgary, Canada, when the snow is
melting, you have slush all over your
car, and it's not clean slush. It's very
dirty slush and you need to constantly
clean the windshield and the side
windows and mirrors and everything all
the time. In other cities, in other
places like Florida, all year round, you
don't really have to clean anything. You
might get a little bit of rain and that
washes any dirt off. So, it just really
depends on where that vehicle is.
Because I will tell you in the Northwest
through the entirety of winter we have
just road spray and it's just it's I bet
it's not quite as nasty as the mud that
you get coming off the slush in Canada.
Uh but it is I'll stop to charge. I'll
clean all the cameras and by the time
I've made it to the on-ramp uh it's
complaining about inability to see. Um,
but then again on some of the other
cars, some of the older FSD, I'd have
times where I'd be driving in the middle
of nowhere at night and it would say,
"Look, I can't see out the B-pillar."
Yeah, it's called nighttime. Well, I I
can't see, my friend. There's nothing to
see. We're going 75. If something hits
us from the side, it's fine. It's fine.
I think we might we might see a
situation where maybe AI4 cars can be
included but only in certain geographic
areas. So if you have an AI4 car, you
know, maybe in Canada, you know, that
might not be so useful, but an AI4 car
in Florida again or Arizona may be
perfectly fine.
&gt;&gt; Arizona, the most I've ever seen is
sunset. And the beauty with cyber caps,
well, how how what will it do if the
camera gets fogged? All of the cameras
will get fogged at the same time.
whether it's if it's three weeks after
ownership, all of them will be cleaned
at three weeks after ownership. They
won't need to guess. They won't need to
try and predict. They're all the same.
So, now we get to Cyber Cab. Uh, I think
you've heard of it. I think you've spent
a little bit of time obsessing about it.
My question is, am I going to be able to
buy it? And if so, why? Why would they
let me buy it? Well, this is a a very uh
important question and I think this the
answers here are very deep and nuanced.
The short answer is that they said they
would.
&gt;&gt; Mhm.
&gt;&gt; Now, of course, Tesla has said things
before that they would do and and things
change. So, that's a possibility. I also
think that it's important to distinguish
time frame that in the initial months
and perhaps years, Tesla, I think, can
absorb all the cyber cabs they can make
into their own fleet. That makes sense.
This is a new product, a new platform.
They need to test it. They need to make
sure everything's working smoothly
before they start selling it to
individual owners.
But there's a number of reasons why over
time it will make sense to do that. Um,
I actually have a list here, Brian, of a
mere 27 reasons. you have
&gt;&gt; um some of them are financial some of
them are operational some of them are
political
&gt;&gt; um and some cross different categories
so there's a lot of reasons why
&gt;&gt; so would one of those reasons be Tesla
doesn't have uh the scale necessary to
operate in my tiny market uh
successfully because we are 50 miles
from the nearest real market where you
could actually deploy a 100 cars in my
market. I think three might be overkill.
10 would definitely be overkill.
Building a station to clean the cars
would be ridiculous. But also driving a
100 miles round trip uh to clean would
be would be terrible. It would be it
would be it would defeat a lot of the
purpose of being in this market in the
first place. Would someone in my market
be in a position to buy them if they are
agreeable to keeping them clean
themselves? Yeah, I mean Elon has talked
about shepherds and I think there are a
lot of people that are very excited
about being a robo taxi or cyber capab
shepherd.
&gt;&gt; Um that allows Tesla to distribute
uh the cleaning, the charging, the
maintenance and all that. If if you
think about the number of vehicles that
Tesla could ultimately have in a robo
taxi network, let's say just in the
United States, there could be tens of
millions of vehicles ultimately. Think
about the infrastructure that Tesla
would have to build to clean them, to
charge them, to maintain them. The
number of tire changes, all that stuff
is going to be absolutely enormous at
that kind of scale. There are plenty of
people that have the facilities already
or even if you're just at your home,
you've got a place to plug that car in.
&gt;&gt; Mhm.
&gt;&gt; You can clean it. It's probably not that
difficult to clean the car. there may be
certain situations where it needs to go
to some central location for a deeper
cleaning perhaps and Tesla will have
that facility. So from Tesla's ability
to to scale rapidly and and to your
point to maybe geographic areas where
they don't maintain the infrastructure
and yet still offer cyber cab or robo
taxi service, you can do that by
distributing out the ownership and the
infrastructure of those of those
vehicles. Mhm. If I live in Austin, do
you think I would be able to put a buy a
robo a cyber cab and put it into
operation?
&gt;&gt; I think ultimately yes. But initially
and for the foreseeable future, I think
that's highly unlikely.
&gt;&gt; But why would they let me why would they
let me why would they make $5,000 off me
when they could make $5,000 a month?
&gt;&gt; Yeah. So this comes to the situation
where if you think about then you think
about this at scale. So, think about a
situation where they've got, let's just
say, you know, 10 million vehicles in
the United States or 30 million perhaps
at some point. Tesla then becomes kind
of the de facto transportation service
for a large portion of the population.
At that point, they become a political
target. If you've got one company that
owns all those vehicles, if you
distribute out the ownership, you
distribute the attack layer of of
somebody coming after that company from
a political standpoint. Now you're not
going after one company or one
individual like Elon. You're going after
five million vehicle owners for example.
That becomes a very powerful political
force and one that I think is u you know
very very formidable. The other thing
too is if you think about how autonomous
transportation is going to displace
people now that that drive cars for a
living like Uber drivers and truck
drivers and so on. This gives them an
ability to earn income. And I think
that's important in an AI powered world
that perhaps is going to displace a lot
of jobs. So there's that aspect of it as
well and that has a political nature to
it as well because you could very easily
see people maybe targeting cyber cabs in
the streets because oh this is the Tesla
corporation cars. Let's destroy them
because they're taking jobs away from
Uber drivers and so on. That's very
different if those cars are owned by
individual people. Mhm. It's
&gt;&gt; not just oneation.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. By the former Uber drivers.
&gt;&gt; Yes.
&gt;&gt; Diversifying the attack layer, I think,
is a really clever thing. When there was
backlash against Papa John's, for
example, and people started
reviewbombing their local Papa John's,
the news had to get out and say, "Look
guys, these are franchises.
You're not hurting the papa. you're
hurting the people who are in your
community who donate to your little
league even though their kid doesn't
play on the team.
&gt;&gt; Uh, and that I think could be valuable
&gt;&gt; in terms of preventing the appearance of
a monopoly.
&gt;&gt; Would they be required to open their API
to others? Like if Uber wanted to say,
"Look, all you guys, you buy a cyber
cab, put it on our network and it'll
automatically interface and you won't
have to think about it."
&gt;&gt; Well, I don't know the answer to that.
Think my initial answer would be it's
unlikely, but you never know politically
what they may be forced to do at some
point with some future administration
that decides to take some action. I
think this would help to address that
issue if there was widespread ownership
of the vehicles because now it's not
just one giant monopoly closing
everybody else out and everybody has to
be on their platform and their rules.
Um, you know, we'll see. Um, it's a bit
like, you know, Elon's talked about this
like being like Airbnb.
Does Airbnb have to do that with others?
No.
&gt;&gt; Does Airbnb own the houses?
&gt;&gt; They don't, right?
&gt;&gt; If they did, it would be it'd be
different. I think
&gt;&gt; I think that's a quite quite a huge
disconnect because if I'm competing
against Tesla, they got the cars cheaper
than I did. They're not paying the
network markup because it's just their
car. It's just theirs. It's their
network. Y
&gt;&gt; if they're making 5,000 a month, but I'm
making one or 2,000 a month, I should
have the freedom to go to another
network. I don't know. I don't know how
that will work. I am confident they will
come up with a solution that would make
it possible. Uh under what other
scenarios might they permit uh you know
sales? Where else would it make sense?
Because I just I don't see a whole lot
of examples of it.
&gt;&gt; Well, there's a number of things. um you
know there are certain um market
opportunities right we think about ride
hail as you know going on an Uber app
and and getting a ride and going from
point A to point B but there are other
things like um if you're in a resorts
might want their own fleet of cyber cabs
college campuses might want their own
fleet of cyber cabs
&gt;&gt; um hospitals
&gt;&gt; or transporting patients
VA hospital fleets for example, right?
So there's there's other sort of smaller
networks of transportation that need to
be thought about and in that case does
Tesla really want to run the cyber cab
fleet for a hospital that wants to
customize those vehicles in some way?
Does Tesla really want to, you know, own
the cyber cab fleet for a resort complex
that wants to customize that experience
in the cyber cab in some way for their
customers? I don't think so.
&gt;&gt; Right. So, what I hear you saying is I
need my fleet needs to have XYZ in the
trunk at all times. Maybe it's medical
supplies or or racks and I know you
don't want to do that for me. Just let
me buy them. Just let me buy them.
Because the alternative isn't I will
rent them. The alternative is I'll buy
something different completely.
&gt;&gt; That's right. Uh in a resort case, it
might be, you know, snacks or drinks in
the vehicle. um for you know if it's
like school pickup and drop off
situations there might be something that
the school wants in there or parents
want in there or maybe there's constant
video communication with their kids that
they want to make sure they have access
to Tesla obviously would have to build
that capability but they really want to
be the one running that dealing with all
the all the issues around that um makes
sense
&gt;&gt; there's all there's all kinds of things
and of course you get into the delivery
uh realm too where you start using those
vehicles as delivery service tools. In
that case, you might want to farm out
the operation of that, uh, the
maintenance of that. You know, there's
so many different use cases. It's not
just transporting people from point A to
point B. There's more nuance to that, I
think.
&gt;&gt; Okay, so I've got uh a couple of last
questions. They're really fun ones. Uh,
but before I get to the really fun ones,
I did want to say, guys, if you
appreciate the channel, if you
appreciate what we're doing here, uh
maybe support the mission. There's a
bunch of ways you can do that. Uh, and
also in the description, there's a
onetime uh, PayPal donation link you
could use because I'm going to Nepal.
I'm going to Ethiopia. I'm out there on
the ground covering the stories that are
really hard to do that no one else is
covering because they don't pay
particularly well and they're really
expensive to do. Question for you, sir.
Hear me out. I'm having a birthday
party, a anniversary, a wedding. Um, can
I order a 20 car light show for 6 PM,
please?
&gt;&gt; Well, wouldn't that be fun?
&gt;&gt; Wouldn't that be fun?
&gt;&gt; Right. There's all kinds. Again, we need
to think of Roboaxi CyberCap as a
platform where you can layer on other
services and you're just mentioning one
there that's a potential service idea is
that you can use these vehicles then as
part of your party, part of the show.
That would be kind of cool.
or the or the robo van that brings, you
know, a bunch of, you know, dancers to
your party, right? They'll suddenly, you
know, 25 people get out of the out of
the Robo van and there you go, they're
dancing for you at at your birthday
party. So, all kinds of things like that
become possible.
&gt;&gt; That would be hilarious. So, you've got
20 cyber cabs that pull up into a
configuration, light up, robo van pulls
up, Optimus out there dancing.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. and uh and then they leave and uh
you eat the cake by yourself because
Optimus to my knowledge does not eat
cake. Uh
&gt;&gt; so so here's a few other things uh just
to think about. You think about
international expansion. Does Tesla
really want to build the infrastructure
like they're doing now in the cities
Austin and other areas in every single
country in the world? Maybe not. Right.
Also think about um let's say there's a
an outage, a power outage in their depot
in in Austin
&gt;&gt; and now the whole robo taxi network is
down because of that outage. If it's
distributed throughout the entire city
or the region, you've got a more
resilient network.
&gt;&gt; So there's those kinds of considerations
too where it's like, yeah, from an
economic perspective on paper it makes
sense to own and operate everything, but
sometimes that's not the the best way to
do it. Hm. So, there's all all kinds of
little things like that when you sort of
sit down and think about it. Um that
that that you know really is important.
Um you know, some other things um if the
vehicles are positioned sort of all
around the city because people own them
and and they're parked in their in their
garages, then they're distributed and
you you've got improved geographic
coverage. They're no longer just coming
from a central depot. So, if you're
ordering your cyber cab at 5:00 in the
morning, it doesn't have to come from
the central depot. It can come from
somebody's driveway that's down the
street.
&gt;&gt; Street parking is still legal though. I
imagine Tesla could utilize street
parking. And if you're worried about
vandalism, it is sentry mode. Yeah, that
could be fun. Uh, and because uh I said
fun. Fun is the name of this closing
chapter. Uh, what about uh a rolling
light show? There's no driver to get
distracted. If the map says it is not on
a city street and there are no cars
around, could it do? Could it do it in
motion? Could it be choreographed truly
where it says if I've got this amount of
space, we can not just put on the
lights, but we can dance. Now, I know
that's a ludicrous idea, but could that
be possible?
&gt;&gt; It is possible, I think, at the point
that there are not many, if any,
human-driven vehicles on the road. You
don't want to be a distraction to those.
&gt;&gt; Well, right. But it wouldn't be on the
road. This would have to be on a closed
thing that it can clearly identify on
the map.
&gt;&gt; Oh, sure. Okay. Yeah. The other thing I
think that's really interesting is cyber
cab platform is an advertising platform
&gt;&gt; with with either just the wrap on the
vehicle and we saw that with the July 4
celebration. We've got we saw some cyber
cabs that were wrapped a little
differently like the cybert truck. They
become rolling billboards. They're
totally customizable. But then what
you're thinking about is even further
where you've got kind of a light show
that could become kind of an
advertisement that's built in. Um and
that's a little bit maybe longer term,
but there are lots of revenue
opportunities as it's relates to the
cyber cap. Absolutely.
&gt;&gt; And last one, uh you know, window tint
is a highly contentious issue for many
law enforcement departments.
Tint doesn't matter on this. Side
windows, you don't need visibility.
front window. It just needs to be for
the camera. Could you go real real dark
and uh have ultimate privacy
for for what reason? I mean, that's up
to you guys, but
&gt;&gt; yeah, I think eventually you could. And
part of it is I mean, eventually you may
not even need a you know, gloss window
really at all,
&gt;&gt; right? from a from a first responder
aspect. You know, we saw from that first
responder document that Tesla put
together for for Model Y and for
CyberCab. Um, if you gave maybe first
responders an ability to view or access
the inside camera,
&gt;&gt; that that may go a long way to dealing
with any issues that they might have
with respect to that,
&gt;&gt; right? Right? If they could see inside
the car under certain circumstances,
they pull it over, you know, the they
can't access the car, then you give them
access to the camera to see inside
what's going on.
&gt;&gt; First responder is a good answer because
even for uh for any kind of wellness
check for I mean there are a lot of
reasons. A dark tint is one thing, but a
blackout would be quite another. Uh so
good answers. Uh guys, what do we miss?
What do we misunderstand? I don't know.
uh videos where I try and make you
smarter. Comments are where I hope to
make uh to get a little smarter from you
folks. Uh help us do that. Uh if you
haven't checked out Cern Basher, you
should do that. He's on X, of course.
Link in the description, and he appears
routinely on shows like Brighter with
Herbert, who he's filling in for this
week. So, what do we miss? What do we
misunderstand? Leave it in the comments
below. And everyone else, stay tuned.
Stay juicy and I cannot wait to hear
from you clever robots when you get your
robo taxi.