Channel:     brighterwithherbert
Title:       Investors May Be Missing SpaceX’s Biggest Opportunity
URL:         https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vHBDB0rApoo
Published:   2026-06-19 18:30 UTC
Fetched:     2026-06-19 19:00 UTC

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Everybody's talking about SpaceX. Some
are saying what goes up will eventually
crash. But what if investors are still
dramatically underestimating what's
about to happen? Here's why. Micron went
from roughly 6 billion per quarter in
revenue to nearly 25 billion per quarter
over 2 years as AI demand exploded. Its
stock went from around $100 to over
1,000. But according to Brian Wang's
analysis, SpaceX could be growing even
faster. This is the opposite of what
many are warning that SpaceX will fall
today. Most people think SpaceX is a
launch company and a Starlink company,
but here's what almost no one is
connecting. Anthropic, Google, Cursor,
Grock, AI infrastructure, data center
rentals. Brian estimates SpaceX could
potentially grow from roughly 4.6
billion quarterly revenue to 15 billion
per quarter within 9 months. And that's
before the next wave. Reuben chips,
expanded Colossus capacity, new AI
rental revenue, Starlink mobile, cursor
integration. So, the question isn't
whether SpaceX is a great company. The
question is whether Wall Street is still
valuing it like a satellite company when
it may be becoming an AI infrastructure
giant. And if that's true, the next few
quarters could change everything. We
have Brian Wang here with us today. He's
a futurist thought leader and a popular
science blogger with 1 million readers
per month. Check out his YouTube channel
at next big future and his blog next
bigfuture.com is ranked number one
science news blog. Welcome Brian.
&gt;&gt; Great to hear. A lot of important things
that people are missing.
I know that's your specialty. Yeah.
&gt;&gt; You uh come with data and you're trying
to show because I know that I've done a
few shows with Joe and others who uh
there's a few which is fair.
&gt;&gt; This is a stock market people believe
that SpaceX stock is skyrocketed
but and then the indexes will come in
and start buying more. It'll go up, but
then there will be a long wait before
true revenue comes in and there'll be
plenty of time for the stock to fall
even below 135. Uh, but you believe
otherwise. Let's uh tell us why.
&gt;&gt; Okay. So, I want to compare um something
with air to micron we discussed. I go
over quarter by quarter and I'll do a
deep dive on the key aspects of it. So,
I'm going to not talk as much about the
the growing um space revenue side. going
to kind of touch on it a bit in terms of
like how much you can launch in every
Starship launch just so you know how
much each launch had impact on this but
I'll focus on what's on the ground what
they can fill up right now okay so I
have have done a revenue and actually
these are conservative by me the AI
rental revenue I've done like how much
will rent by um you know in the six
months or whatever to the end of the
year and that's $12 billion you have $26
billion run rate in October and I add up
the 1.25s and the 2.2s, you get like 12
billion in that rent. Cursor is at $4
billion. They're heading to a10 billion
run rate before improvements in cursor,
right? So that those AI things are
conservative. you know, the other things
are relatively conservative, but these
numbers getting to $200 billion in rent
is actually as as I'll show in my coming
slides, I'm lowballing it really really
badly. That's before really getting
serious on on Reuben and Cursor is
growing at a double every four months
and it could speed up to a 20 30x on um
you know per year on on revenue growth.
So these are uh lowballed on cursor as
well and that really gets just a huge
numbers but people are concerned about
the next two years. So instead of going
up four years I'm going to go quarter by
quarter to say what's going to happen
here.
&gt;&gt; So in this analysis you got 2026 which
is this year.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; From 18 billion last year now all of a
sudden 46 billion. And that's number one
a big surprise for people I think
because they're going how could SpaceX
IPO at 1.75 trillion when they only had
18.7 billion dollars of revenue last
year right
&gt;&gt; which is tiny right
&gt;&gt; well in one month boom they're already
at 46 you know or by the end of the year
they'll already be at 46 billion
&gt;&gt; right
&gt;&gt; and that is pretty accurate here I think
yeah
&gt;&gt; right and and many people say they'll be
at the $60 billion run rate but in Q4
which I I agree with.
&gt;&gt; So let's um
&gt;&gt; go into the next part of it. Okay. So
was Micron's 10x justified you know over
two years. Sandis did even bigger moves
uh esh these are all the memory guys
where basically memory was going along
humming along do its own business which
is kind of like SpaceX making money on
Starlink you know humming along and then
suddenly their margins explode and and
the demand explodes because it's all AI.
So it became a bottleneck on AI. they
started monetizing AI and then they
became big. So let's look at Micron
quarter by quarter um or summarizing the
quarters to see what happened there. So,
as you described 2024, late 2024,
they're in the $6 billion to to just
under$8 billion um you know, uh
quarterly revenue, right? And their
stock price is around 80 to 120 bucks.
Generally, call it 100 bucks, right? In
2025, they start moving a little bit,
not that much, that they get to a stable
8 to9 billion of quarterly revenue. So,
they only moved up a little bit on
revenue. And then not until late last
year and the beginning of this year Q1
did they get to the $9 billion cordial
revenue and for just $14 billion. So
that got them to you know at the end of
it 350 you know about 4x and then they
had another quarter where they you know
got to $24 billion and that's when they
got to a th00and to you know plus uh per
share right so that was their move but
it took over two years you know to get
to this point right main move 18 months
going from like six to 14 right 18
months to get six to 14 six
&gt;&gt; to 14, right? So then what's what's um
SpaceX doing? We know that they started
Q1. Next slide. So what everyone's
fixated on is um the Okay, so I had
another one here. So um there was a
little table I have where in Q1 they're
$4.6 billion per quarter and then last
year still roughly at the $8.7 billion
run rate and there's still like there's
money in Q1, right? And in Q2, which
we're still in Q2, they announced the
deals where they get um basically about
N go to $9 billion per quarter, right,
on just the SpaceX, Enthropic, and
Cursor because now they acquire Cursor,
they're making a billion dollars per uh
per quarter, right? So, and then heading
to a bigger number, you know, heading to
like over $2 billion per per quarter,
about $.7 billion per month. So, that's
the Q4. So, Q4, we're heading to $9
billion for the quarter from the rentals
and from the cursor, right? And then you
add up the $6 to 7 billion from the
regular growth of Starlink and launch.
So then combined you have $15 billion
per quarter,
&gt;&gt; right? because of those two things. So
in nine months, beginning of the year,
April um to December or to October, you
go from 4.6 to 15 billion per quarter
run rate. So twice as fast as Micron,
&gt;&gt; right? Um so then we can go to the next
slide. So there is still enough
remaining compute to uh triple the $26
billion um per year rental because they
have still 345,000
um chips that they can rent and they're
adding more. Um I had another table
which unfortunately didn't include here
which is let's look at them adding
100,000 chips per quarter, right? which
that level of addition they have done
already, right? Because they added the
550,000 chips in 12 months, right? So
adding uh so that's uh four quarters to
add 5,000 chips. So they added 120,000
chips, 140,000 chips every quarter to a
location, right? So they have another
location, they have the energy, they can
still expand Colossus 2. So, and they
they were talking about adding 220,000
B300s with 400 megawws in the S1 file.
Not clear if somehow they didn't add the
chips in already to get to 550,000. Um,
but whether they add it, you know, over
the next 3 months to get to full 550,000
or they add it in the next six months to
get to 770,000.
um you know that's what's happening that
they're adding more chips and every 100
110,000 they're getting 10 to 11 billion
because that's how much they rent out to
Google for right so still talking B300's
they can add 11 billion per quarter to
this growth rate
&gt;&gt; wow okay let me ask a couple questions
before we move on this is great analysis
this is what I was looking for for so
long so first you're saying that just
the remaining compute that they they
have now they could triple to 26 billion
per year for the rental
&gt;&gt; right
&gt;&gt; if they decide to rent all of that out
but that's existing now you're saying
hey but they're adding more also and
it's B300 and it's Reuben but the
question is you know they might they
might actually keep the latest for
themselves and then rent out the old
ones
&gt;&gt; but even if they did that route they
would still have quite a number to rent
because now they would let go of what
they're using for processes too is that
correct Right. So basically it's a
question of is there a six-month lag in
rental revenue for additional chips?
Right. There a question of like do I
wait use it myself before I switch over
to my newer thing. Right.
&gt;&gt; Yes. The other question is understanding
B300 rental, Reuben rental, B300 used by
competitive anthropic level capability,
monetizing capability versus um and
Reuben monetizing capability. So um
Jensen Wong said that the in
um Seoia, right? So he's talking to the
big VC companies talking about Sequoia
saying you can now build a data center
for $50 billion and you can get 300
to$400 million of intelligence.
&gt;&gt; That's that's basically saying that
fully u monetized and ramped gigawatt
for anthropic they can get $300 billion
per year. Not the $50 billion per year,
but fully monetized, they can get $300
billion per year from B300s
because the $50 billion he's talking
about B300s because Chimoth is saying
that the Reuben build will cost a
hundred billion, right? So then and then
the amount of revenue you're talking
about can 10x because the Reuben chips
have 10x the inference comput.
&gt;&gt; Even better. Yeah. So it's already
crazy. So the point is that you know
whatever amount you're you're we're
totally underestimating how much their
rental this is rentals of these old
version H100s. Wait till you get the
V300s and there's a lot more still
available.
&gt;&gt; That's right. That's right. And in
Altimter on the BG2 podcast um Brad
Gersonner and Gavin Baker said uh Xi
SpaceX have 20% allocation on the Reuben
chips. So they the insiders say 20%
market share of Reuben is coming to XAI
SpaceX. So
&gt;&gt; it's already come it's already they
already got it or that it's reserved for
them.
&gt;&gt; It's reserved is coming whatever it's
unclear if they
&gt;&gt; they get first dibs that's for sure.
Yeah.
&gt;&gt; Right. And about 20% market share of
Reuben is coming to them. Um
&gt;&gt; which is a lot.
&gt;&gt; Which is a lot. Right. And the Reuben
stuff monetizes at hundred billion
dollars per year on rental and
&gt;&gt; billion
&gt;&gt; at least at least
&gt;&gt; 100 billion per year.
&gt;&gt; Right.
&gt;&gt; 100 billionaire. That's a whole Tesla
right there.
&gt;&gt; Right. Right.
&gt;&gt; Sorry. Am I
&gt;&gt; Yeah, that's correct.
&gt;&gt; Missing something.
&gt;&gt; No, that's correct. Right. And that's if
you don't get cursor up to snuff. If I
get cursor
&gt;&gt; What happens if you cursor up to snuff?
Yeah.
&gt;&gt; Then you triple. So you have revenue
multipliers, you have energy
multipliers, and you have revenue
multipliers. That's the real upside
story. So just the I've already made the
money, I've done the cursor, the micron
move of going from, you know, some low
to, you know, $15 billion per quarter.
And the 1520 billion per quarter number,
that's the same as Broadcom. Broadcom
last year made $68 billion. They're at
about like an $88 billion run right now.
They're worth $1.9 trillion. They have
about 65%
margin on that. So they make about $15
billion per year. So about per quarter.
So about $60 billion per quarter. So
this is high revenue stuff that we're
doing on the rental side. This is 70 80%
margin just like Broadcom. So when
people say, well, I don't see the the
story.
The Micron story is the same thing of
like rapidly growing revenue and profits
and and margins and Broadcom has in the
ballpark numbers of where you are in Q4
this year and Q1 next year, right? So
then you're so definitely you're saying,
well, it wouldn't trade less than than
than Broadcom because we're at the same
revenue number and we're at the same at
a faster growth rate, right? the revenue
is growing faster and the margin and the
um profits are growing faster. So then
you have a now we're talking a floor at
two trillion on that, right? Because
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Yeah. So you're saying that the
floor for SpaceX stock is two trillion
because and we're just talking
terrestrial data center with existing
compute plus the upcoming R uh uh not
the Reuben the uh B300's.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; Uh and then eventually the Reubins,
right? So it's like it's like even just
terrestrial data center already they're
going to get to a hundred billion dollar
rental.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; Like that
&gt;&gt; right like sometime next year
&gt;&gt; the floor is two trillion
&gt;&gt; and and I that's next year and I'm I'm
saying I'm still in the I haven't
finished getting through next year yet
&gt;&gt; where I say the floor next year goes to
like five trillion plus. Right.
&gt;&gt; You think that by next year it's going
to go to five trillion. And the reason
is this. So you were just saying just
the rental but
&gt;&gt; there is cortex I mean there is uh
&gt;&gt; cursor
&gt;&gt; um cursor okay keep going
&gt;&gt; yes cursor is room so they're they're
building these so if you do this you
know 100,000 uh chips a quarter and
maybe 200,000 chips a quarter um that if
they actually build that out those
200,000 chips is um $22 billion at
blackwell rates$ 44 billion at um at a
low ball rubin rate and
&gt;&gt; per quarter
&gt;&gt; per quarter adding adding the money up
right so and then if I'm building at a
faster rate I can you know put more here
more there and the reason that they say
maybe I'll cancel in 90 days is in the
345,000 chips they have now and they'll
have like you know 500,000 600,000 chips
you know later they they you know by
middle of next year then they can fully
monetize that and they have more chips
than um than they gave to Anthropic
Right? Because they gave Neutropic
230,000 chips. They have 345,000 and
better chips. Right? So they can if
Enthropic can get to 100 billion, they
can get to 100 billion with what they
have still left. They can get to 100
billion. As they get close to 100
billion and then can say, okay, in 90
days, we're going to need that Google
that cursor stuff. Get the hell out and
I'm gonna make another 100red billion. I
might make another 300 billion on it.
Right? So if when they cancel they'll be
like going vertical. Everyone will see
they're going vertical. They're heading
to
&gt;&gt; with their own AI selling a cursor
making 50 billion equivalent to what
Anthropic is making. Why why let
Anthropic make the money when you've got
something equivalent to Anthropic making
as much money as them kick them out. Or
you could also I I think one of the
reasons he says 90 days is not only you
know his reasoning is I want to use it
and the other reason could be that in 90
days another company could come knocking
going look I'm willing to pay you more
&gt;&gt; pay you more than 1.25 billion per month
I'm going to pay you more because
&gt;&gt; they're all desperate.
&gt;&gt; Right. Right. Right.
&gt;&gt; This is the mic this is the micron story
of the memory being so limited how much
you know so people are willing to pay
more.
&gt;&gt; Right. Right.
Yeah. So, so that is is the thing is
that the insane profitability of the AI
is what is and people are only looking
at right now here's how profitable AI is
now.
&gt;&gt; But if AI is getting 10 times more
profitable, you know, every year,
&gt;&gt; then it's just like that's what's
exploding everything. And the thing of
the announcement can come out like
August or September and it's like okay,
now it's competitive, right? And the
reason that they can instantly monetize
it is because cursor is already being
used by half of the Fortune 500
companies. It's used by
&gt;&gt; 70% by the way.
&gt;&gt; 70%
&gt;&gt; wait 70% of the Fortune 1000 company.
&gt;&gt; Okay. Okay. So, they're already there.
It's just like um I'm using it I'm using
a drop down to switch over to cursor to
to anthropic claude and then I don't
switch because okay I can try out this
other thing I got right in front of me
and then I will you now you're good I'm
switching over it's just like a mouse
click and I'm using the other thing
right so the um switchover costs are
very very low right yeah the speed with
which you can move you know there's some
stickiness on the enterprise side I gota
you know justify the switch over and
stuff like that but Um it's it's can be
happen very fast. Getting catching up
could happen this year in the next few
months, right? Because they'll have like
a 10 trillion parameter model, you know,
15 trillion parameter model training
fast and they'll release this stuff and
then and then we'll see how good it it
is quickly and then they can get
adoption super fast. Just like um
Anthropic went from growing at only 10x
per year to you know doing a 10x in six
months right so yeah here's the thing
okay anthropic released
claude code
and uh you know before methos right
before all this debacle they had the
smartest
opus
&gt;&gt; opus 4.5
&gt;&gt; 4.5 was brilliant and everybody loved it
and everybody freaked out. I freaked
out. We're all freaking out. Think this
thing is so brilliant. Then a month or
two later, they dumbed it down. It
became super dumb because they ran out
of inference. Could and then they they
said not only did they dumb it down, but
they also like, "Oh, you can only use it
from 9 if you use it between 9:00 a.m.
to 12:00 p.m. 12:00 noon every day
Monday to Friday, we're going to charge
you triple." It's like you can only use
it at nighttime weekends. and it became
dumb down. So no matter how smart your
your you've trained it to be, you're
only as smart as your inference uh
access to inference. So in three months
in nine months, sorry 90 days if if Elon
has his cursor plus Grock and they're
ready to go, he gives them the the data
center inference, it becomes as smart as
it can be. What happens to anthropic?
They're they got to get they got to get
out of this space now. They got no
matter if Mythos is smarter than them,
it'll be dumber.
It will be dumber because they'll have
to throttle it because they don't have
to, you know. So it Groc could take over
what Anthropic is making right now. 50
50 billion dollar
revenue. It's like I mean they have to
but they have to prove but so the thing
about cursor is that it's actually
already being paid by developers
by all these companies and so that
that's allows them that distribution
they don't have as much of a consumer um
you know acts uh play so they have to
prove it still but and an entropic won't
care that much because they already done
their IPO by about 3 to four months in
so they will have a smart model and done
the stuff up until their their IPO O
they get 100 $200 billion or whatever it
is from their IPO and then you know then
the switchover happens are the things
assuming you know um XAI SpaceX catch
up.
&gt;&gt; Okay.
&gt;&gt; And yeah
&gt;&gt; okay what what else can you share about
this one? Can you read this out and tell
me what you're saying here?
&gt;&gt; Yeah. So I'm I'm saying that um the
multipliers are the chips get better and
better. So the revenue from H100 H200 to
to B300 is three to four times more. The
the revenue on Reuben will be three to
four times more than B300. And then
after that there's fineman chips that
will come three to four times better.
Right? Because I'm getting this huge 10x
inference thing happening.
&gt;&gt; Right? So the when people do the revenue
they say well I only look at how much
Google is paying
&gt;&gt; and then I don't look at anything else
which is already this 11 billion for
110,000 P300 chips it's already a huge
number on the revenue side again people
are ignoring that but and then it's like
how fast can the energy grow. So, I'm
going to go over the multipliers on
energy, the multipliers of the energy
revenue, and then the um how these
announcements will come in terms of like
going up to their full revenue potential
is latest chip with my own cursor, not
renting it out, right? Those are the big
multipliers that they have where if that
happens, you get a huge amount. And then
here is just showing that because I'm
gonna be talking about hundreds of
billions of dollars, trillions of
dollars of revenue, people don't they
always say, "Well, it's not air quotes
worth it." So to see worth it, you're
looking at these five trillion, $4
trillion companies. They're making $200
billion or just shy of $500 billion. You
can have one that's making three times
more over three times more Amazon at 742
billion but they're half of the so three
times the revenue and one half market
cap
&gt;&gt; the earnings are are less in terms of
like their share of earnings are like
15% versus 70%.
&gt;&gt; Right. Okay. So, so that is is why if
you have the same percent earnings and
you have really good revenue, then you
have the $5 trillion valuation,
&gt;&gt; right?
&gt;&gt; And the 60 people say, well, poo pooing
$60 billion revenue run rate. You're in
the ballpark of Broadcom at that point.
Number eight, Broadcom, right?
&gt;&gt; So, the and then Nvidia last year,
right? 2025 ancient history they were at
$88 billion revenue uh run rate revenue
run rate you know for the year right
2025 the rearview mirror of like $18
billion for us they were at 8 yeah and
they were already at 4 trillion four and
a half trillion right so they already
got their rerating at the $80 billion
level because they went to um you know
5060 billion of earnings right so SpaceX
at $60 billion at the beginning, end of
this year, beginning of of next year. At
the end, they could be at 120, 150 and
then making $100 billion, right? Or even
more if the Reuben
&gt;&gt; Reuben's come in, they can go to $200
billion, right? So then anything over
100 billion fully justifies a potential
Nvidia rerating because of how fast you
did it and
&gt;&gt; rerating
&gt;&gt; and and how much uh margin you have. If
you're at 70% margin plus, the rerating
happens and if you're at, you know, 80
to hundred billion, it's all there. So
the 2027 $5 trillion plus is will be
fully justified by about Q1, Q2 of next
year. Rental of Tesla terrestrial data
center. What people are forgetting is
that we're moving to B300s. We're moving
to Reubins. They they're going to keep
renting this out. Then you got the
cursor that's be able to use it
themselves, make the money themselves,
and then you've got the uh margin, not
just the revenue. And then you got the
growth, which is what people saw with
Nvidia. So even at 88 billion already,
you can get to the five, you know, two
plus trillion, three trillion marker
just that alone. So that's what people
are forgetting. That's what you're
saying. Space terrestrial alone next
year alone. And this is not even talking
Starlink. We're not talking, you know,
direct to sell. Well, we're just talking
the this business, this one business.
&gt;&gt; Mhm.
&gt;&gt; All the XA part that people are saying,
"Oh, you got ripped off for XAI." It's
like XAI is like a crap ton of money.
Yeah.
&gt;&gt; So, it's energy multiples and revenue.
So, I talked about some of the revenue
multiples, right? Where you get to 3x
from Reuben, 10x from getting it to
yourself, and then the energy part. So,
skip forward to the energy part. Um, a
couple slides forward here.
&gt;&gt; No, you already covered all this.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Okay. So, so go back one one
slide. So, before we go to the catalyst,
we'll go back one slide. Okay. So, the
all-in podcast. Okay.$2 trillion per
year in revenue 27 2028. So, that we
just discussed how Nvidia did it. That
gets to 5 trillion. SpaceX has Reuben
chips and those Reuben chips can
immediately get you into the ballpark
next year by the end of next year. Um,
and even per quarter as you get 110,000
chips in, you're tossing on these
massive amounts of revenue that people
will see. Okay, when I'm doing a
quarterly call, I got 110,000 chips in.
Next quarter, another 10,000 chips. I'm
adding $22 billion of revenue per
quarter. I'm adding $30 billion of
revenue per quarter. However it is, if
I'm monetizing it myself, it could be 50
hundred billion dollars per quarter. So
the the growth rate will be
&gt;&gt; This is crazy. Okay. Let let me say so
by next year
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; Do you if they can implement 100,000
chips per quarter which you believe they
can do? Yeah.
&gt;&gt; Every 3 months 100,000 chips.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; But then the chips are increasing from
B300s to Ruben. That's 22 billion per
year per quarter,
&gt;&gt; right?
&gt;&gt; Wait. 22 billion per quarter.
&gt;&gt; So it's just like the $26 billion
annualized happens in a quarter. Okay.
Gotcha. So the $22 billion annualized
per quarter from those rentals.
&gt;&gt; Okay. I thought it was 22 per quarter,
but it's 22 granularized per year. Okay.
&gt;&gt; Right. But each quarter is happening.
Each quarter is like 22 44 6688 is
growing.
&gt;&gt; In one year they'll have Tesla size $1
trillion market cap with a hundred
billion revenue,
&gt;&gt; right? One more. Yeah. So then the next
one um on the allin podcast, Chimoth
talked about the AI data center is going
to hundred billion dollars to build. So
that means that there's this shortage of
competition. He says, "I can't get $100
billion. I can't do that stuff. I don't
have the energy of the land out of the
capital." Who has energy and capital?
Elon has energy and capital. And then
Jensen was talking about $50 billion to
build the $300 billion. He's talking
B300s, I believe. And then Reuben's cost
$und00 billion to build because that's
what Chamas is saying. And then that can
make 1.5 to2 trillion dollars.
&gt;&gt; Even if I cut the tokens in half and
then the 10x inference, right?
&gt;&gt; Yes.
&gt;&gt; So, so the the insane profitability of
Reuben, we're not even at Reuben
profitability yet,
&gt;&gt; right?
&gt;&gt; Yes. Imagine when. Yeah. When has Reuben
become available?
&gt;&gt; They're already making racks right now.
Dell um other guys are making Reuben
racks. The question is when do they
scale? I think it should be September
October we should be starting to see
10,000 100,000 the chips of Ruben
&gt;&gt; Jesus
&gt;&gt; right so yeah the 100,000 per quarter
could be happening Q4 or it's happen Q1
but you have to right but you have to
build the um
&gt;&gt; the rest of the building and you have to
have the energy and I will tell you now
why they have the energy okay so I'm
before I go over that I'm going to go
over the positive catalyst around this
thing so we had an $85 billion IPO, not
a $75 billion IPO. The green shoe made
it 85 billion. That's 5%, not 4
something. And they ran up to 2.5
trillion, fluctuating all the time now
between 2.5 and 3 trillion. They bought
cursor. That finally happens. A 2% um
ili liquidity. They have them. And then
you have June 26, the Russell inclusion,
$12 billionish of buying Russell
Footsie. July 6th, NASDAQ inclusion.
There's another inclusion in there from
another smaller fund uh index. So that's
another 12-15 billion dollars of buying.
The negative people talk about is the
unlock big unlock in August and then
smaller unlocks to another big December
unlock. But countering the unlocks is
September 18th is the rebalancing.
So then you know at that point 30 or 40%
is unlocked but there could be like $80
billion of buying you know on the
September 18th rebalance of the the
Russell and the Footsie. I don't I don't
think NAS sorry of the the NASDAQ
rebalancing. I don't think Footsie and
Russell rebalances and they rebalanced
in December. So there's a three to five
week delay in buying from the unlocks.
So it's like I'm seeing you'll see a
drop. Hey, more more supply. But
everyone who's anyone knows in three to
five weeks I have more buying. So right
now we we didn't have the drop, right?
We don't have buying until June 26th,
right? More buying till June 26th, which
is still like, you know, nine days away,
but you know, all through the June 12th
to June 26th at two weeks, people have
been able to look forward and see
there's a bunch of buying coming, right?
So when we have this rebalancing,
how many people can can look at their
calendar and say, "Hey,
August unlocked." Yes, sure. But then in
3 to 5 weeks, we're going to have this
huge buying from from NASDAQ, right? So,
you know, can they wait until then?
Because, oh, I must sell now because I
got to trade in and out, right? and then
more unlocking and again in a few weeks
afterwards December 11th and 18th all
the Russell all the NASDAQ rebalances
again and then you have a buy right and
then in the meantime you have Reuben
chip announcements Reuben data center
announcements talk about the energy at
at the quarterly meetings perhaps more
deals happening right so the negative of
the is the um unlocks but positive is
the rebalancing right after that to
offset the unlocks which is why the the
big banks were were saying they got this
schedule going and they can see those
people can wait a month or two and know
the buying is coming right I'm releasing
the supply now but within a month or so
after each big release there is the the
the big um rebalancing so they know I
can release in August I know the
rebalance happens September I can
release a bunch in in November and
October and I know the rebalancing is
happening in December
&gt;&gt; and then there'll be another rebalancing
in March. So you're never more than 2 3
months away from another mount of big
buying. And then in June next year,
you'll have S&amp;P 500 inclusion if S&amp;P 500
doesn't speed it up when they see how
many hundreds of billions of dollars are
going into um you know trillions of
dollars going into these other uh
indexes.
And then and then between December to
June anyways, you should be seeing more
of these Reuben chip data center
announcements.
&gt;&gt; That's right. That's right. I think
&gt;&gt; it's going to be like eyeopening for
people going, "Oh my gosh, you're no
longer just making 1.25 billion per
month now."
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; Maybe making 10 billion a month,
&gt;&gt; right? And and then um Anthropic would
be at like a hundred billion, $200
billion run rate. Everyone knows the
profitability is still skyrocketing,
right? And then whatever Kurser is
doing, has Kurser caught fire? Have they
gone to $30 billion, $50 billion per
year run rate?
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; Right. Because it it took um anthropic,
you know, five, six months to go from $9
billion run rate to $50 billion run
rate.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; So, okay. So, here's the energy. Korean
um gas turbine maker Ducson
makes 388 megawatt uh TP gas turbines.
Um, XAI Elon has an order on for 12. Two
of them should be coming by the end of
this year and then another uh five
should be coming 2027ish
and then another seven will come in um
starting in 2029. So that is 4.66
gawatts of power. the seven that um are
coming in the next two years um looks
like you know over two gigawatts of
power. So then the Tennessee Valley
Authority, that's the Tennessee, you
know, their Memphis in in that area,
multi-state area, they're saying, "Hey,
we will add 150 megawws of grid power to
your location, right? So they're they
already have each location they have,
they wouldn't open a new location if
they didn't have the the utility saying,
we can put 150 megawatts to that
location, right? They pick another
location if they didn't get at least
some more utility power to build off
of." And then they upgrade by adding
more um um distribution nodes, add more
um other things to increase the power.
They work with the utility and they're
paying the utility to say speed up my
part. Here's $50 billion. Add my 150
megawatts faster. Add another 100
megawatt. Do other expansions faster.
And then the the grids will also say,
"I'm willing to give you power, but not
these other guys because you promised
not to suck my power from 6:00 to 9:00
p.m. or whenever my
&gt;&gt; mega packs." Yeah,
&gt;&gt; because of mega packs, right? I I can
keep doing that.
&gt;&gt; Solar turbines, if the plus sign, solar
turbines is a caterpillar thing for 1.4
gawatts. I'll go to the next slide. I'll
show what those are. But basically
summing up these things is a gigawatt
per year easy coming from these other
power sources maybe two gigawatts of
ground power right so this is a ducson
turbine uh the main heart of it you see
the people actual live people standing
around this thing right
&gt;&gt; it's not that big but it gets 388 um
megawatts of power right or 380
megawatts of power uh so that's the
thing that they have like 12 of these
things coming and they're inside of a
larger um natural gas facility, right?
But it's not that big. It's got the the
the blades that are difficult to make.
So you have Colossus one, the 230 chips,
thousand chips. Next one. Okay. So then
the S1 we Oh, sorry. Go back. So the S1
we talked about 220,000 additional
GB300s, 400 megawws. This is um Colossus
2, right? So does this mean 700,000
chips, GB300s mainly in Colossus 2? And
there's room here to add more more um
more stuff. You know, they could go to,
you know, a full gigawatt, two gigawatts
or something like that. There is room
for them to do that. And now that they
have loads of money for it, they can
accelerate and build out as much as
possible.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; Um, next slide. So, these are the solar
turbines. This is the 1.4 gawatts. So,
Caterpillar has a company called Solar
Turbines over 100 years old. It's called
solar because they started off in San
Diego. So before you know anyone ever
heard of a a solar cell, they had
already called themselves solar because
they make natural gas turbines um that
um are mobile, right? So back of a truck
move them. So about the same size as the
388 one but in terms of the core
component but the actual main turbine is
probably like you know only like
onethird of the whole box right so this
is the complete unit um so they have a
partnership a joint venture where 49.9%
of the company is owned by XAI/ SpaceX
right
&gt;&gt; so they get 67% % of their capacity.
Elon locked up the turbines that are
fast from the Caterpillar and from the
Koreans. So he went and searched the
world says who's fast on making natural
gas turbines and then he locked up the
vast majority of their capability and
he's prepaid for it and he's getting it
um that other people can't. So
&gt;&gt; okay.
&gt;&gt; So then next this is the um macro
harder. It could I I could you can call
it Colossus 3, whatever it is, whether
it runs digital Optimus or whether it
runs, you know, Cursor Composer 3 or
whether it runs Enthropic. That's a
building about 800,000 square feet. Um
they got it um like December slash to
February of last year. They've been
working on it, adding in whatever
adjustments they need to make in the
building. So, they're ready to pop in
the power and the chips, right? So,
they've been prepping it for four or
five months. Haven't seen any new um
stuff on it. So, it's in Mississippi. Um
the 810,000 ft. Um it's 48 acres. Um it
was a logistics warehouse. Um so, that's
something they have. So this is a third
location which
&gt;&gt; can it go to half gigawatt 2 gigawatts
unclear this is the details of that um
joint venture partnership as well as the
um TVA thing the substations they paid
for so adding you know half a gigawatt
one one gawatt of power and next slide
and the ducson energy like I was saying
you know 12 turbines coming out of that
and the details of it
okay so so And we're ballpark now at 2
gigawatts on the ground, right? 1.3 1.4
Colossus 2 400 something at Colossus
one. So just shy of 2 gigawatts on the
ground now, right? So I'm saying now we
could add one to three if things went
perfect, three, but maybe we're being
too aggressive there. Maybe we say,
okay, we add 1.5 gigawatts by the end of
next year. And you know, by the middle
of next year, we add half to one. The
100,000 chips per um per quarter would
be tracking to about um one gigawatt
next year,
&gt;&gt; right? So less than one gigawatt. I'm
saying that, but we could go double that
rate, right? Um or easily maybe even
triple if they start using all of the
$85 billion to do even more with it. And
then there's a space AI 1 gawatt which I
know many people want to discount. I'm
going to discuss
&gt;&gt; not not next year not by not by
&gt;&gt; well he wants to he wants to go for one
gigawatt next year. I'm going explain
how that works. Let me explain exactly
how that works launch by launch. Let's
go to the next slide on that.
So the the the mobile gas is a
seven-year deal and he locked up 67% of
that stuff. So that's just the joint
venture details financing the cost of it
and the 20% reubin allocation um which
is a key thing. Um this is if we we go
to the really good numbers um that
Elon's talking about. Uh skip that next
slide.
Um this is just the unlocks and and the
the share price stuff next. Um oh crap.
So okay so we I may have not included
this update. Have another one. This is
just showing that there's still a
shortage of of the power. I'll I'll
explain the um
&gt;&gt; the Starship stuff. So for Starship,
&gt;&gt; they have
this one. I have another one, but let me
just stop sharing. I'll explain it.
&gt;&gt; Okay, so they already launched 160
um to 170 times on the Falcon 9, right?
They have um four uh launch tower
facilities for that, right? Two in
Florida, I think. um to in California,
right? Vandenberg, Vandenberg got really
restricted. They could launch a lot
more, but because of the California
Coastal Commission politics, they got
restrained on that. But nothing about
the launch tower means they couldn't
have gotten to, you know, over a hundred
on that if they gotten permission on
that. So, they are making five launch
tower/launch pads. There's two in Bokeh
Chica. That's one of them they're
launching all the time with for their
tests, right? Once a month or more,
right? Um and soon once a month or more,
but right now once every two, three
months. But they have a second tower
there. So there's two major launch pads
in Bokeh Chica. There will be two in
Cape Canaveral at um uh let me get the
the location. Sorry about this. at um um
so this Kenny Space Center um LC39A
is being built up. It has FAA approvals
for launches and then Cape Canaveral um
SLC you know space launch center 37 will
have two integrated launch towers. So
they have five launch towers ramped um
next year, right? And they will have the
um you know the wire deluge, all that
stuff. They they all be able to launch.
They currently have permission to launch
if you know from the regulatory side
about 120 times, right? Which would not
be enough to get to uh a gigawatt of of
power, right? because the um the
first pro you know version of the AI um
system is 70 kilowatts per ton. So they
can launch 100 tons in version three
which is 7 megawws. So 7 megawws 100
launches would be 700 megawws right the
they in order to get to a gigawatt they
need 130 launches only for the AI uh
chips right so they would need over the
course of the next few quarters to get
the FAA to agree to one they have to get
it working so the next you know three
months get it working and then they need
the FAA to say we will allow you to
increase launches from the 120 we're
talking about up to 160 or 200 in which
case the 130 can go to the um uh the AI
launch and then 30 or 50 can go to the
other stuff like um AI star and also
direct to cell phone right but I think
the majority 2/34
will go to AI because the fewer number
of launches is enough to meet the
doubling or tripling
of the highspeed internet um capacity,
right? So that's why there'll be what
was planned to be
um 5,000 10,000 uh V3s all for uh direct
to cell phone and for and for Starlink.
It goes over to I will instead make ones
with more solar that are all AI, right?
So the production path is already there.
I'm just diverting the compression
capacity to a different line. Instead of
making um model X's, I make
&gt;&gt; model model Y's, right? That's the the
difference in terms of the production
line of site. They have that all ready
to go. Factories already built
&gt;&gt; and they're just like repurposing a line
to do more solar in order to get to that
full gigawatt of solar. So every launch
at um 7 megawws
is um let me get the thing here. Um at 7
megawws that's $700 million per launch
at hund00 million per year for a room
like a room rental $700 million a year.
A seven megawatt launch is $700 million
nearly a billion dollars. If I get to
$300 billion per year because I'm
getting more of the anthropic like
money, every seven megawatt launch is
$2.1 billion of revenue, right? Where I
can start renting it right away.
Next year they will switch over to a
version 4 Starship. The plan is by the
end of next year they will have a
version four Starship that will double
the launch capacity. So instead of seven
megawws, you go to 14. I doubled my
revenue from 1.4 to $2 billion to
launch. And then they could upgrade next
year or let's say 2028 the upgrade to a
version two um um satellite of AI which
then could increase the amount per
launch to um you know 20 megawatt plus.
So 20 megawatt plus with um full Reuben
and and making extra money that could be
as much as you know510 billion per
launch right so even though it's like I
need 50 launches to get to a gigawatt
right each one because the revenue
multiplier went up I can get to these
huge numbers so you know at a low ball
100 launches next year and the year
after right and I'm going to you know
version four and Reuben then that um
that's the missing piece that people are
not talking about. It's not just the you
know how likely are to get to one
gigawatt. It's what actually are you
sending up there if it's Reuben and it's
and at some point there's the version
four of the uh Starship,
&gt;&gt; right?
&gt;&gt; Sure. But that one again I'll hold my
breath on. They just got the version
three out that's going to come out next
month, next year. So, but still that's
the key thing. Yeah, they can make a lot
more money than people are expecting and
now. So, you're saying not just
terrestrial, but actually if you also
look at the uh 1 gigawatt, you're pretty
bullish on that too.
&gt;&gt; I'm pretty bullish on that too. Right.
And then getting to 5 10 gigawatt that
they're talking about that involves more
launch towers and a higher launch rate.
um getting to 100 200 launches per
launch tower. Uh at five launch towers,
that's a thousand launches. If you get
10 or 20 sites up, then you can get two
you may thousands of launches.
&gt;&gt; Sure. That will be uh five years longer.
Okay.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; Wow. Okay. Well, there you go. That's
that was a very well explained progress
here. Basically, you know,
&gt;&gt; there's a lot of space still left over
to rent, right? Right.
&gt;&gt; And then people are not considering that
it's going to be B300's
&gt;&gt; and Reuben's
&gt;&gt; right
&gt;&gt; and then there's Cort U Corser
&gt;&gt; that could equal anthropic if they
succeed and they show somehow they shock
everybody and if that's the case they
instead of renting they use it and
they'll make even more money. That's
right. And so there is a path here where
and then you kind of walked us through
the milestones of the unlock of people
selling it but also the buying that you
you believe
&gt;&gt; SpaceX stock has jumped but it not it
will not fall like some people are
expecting.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Not as bad
&gt;&gt; middle of next year they think it'll
fall. Just wait for it. It always does.
hype of the IPO, but this was an
engineered, financially engineered,
brilliantly engineered by SpaceX and
Elon of when things happen,
&gt;&gt; right?
&gt;&gt; And he timed it right.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; And uh and I think that there's going to
be more terrestrial data center compute
deals and that's going to shock
everybody. And what you're saying is if
you compare that to Micron where you see
the revenue skyrocketing, earnings is
what you look at,
&gt;&gt; stock will go up. They'll be rebrated
even from what it is now. I don't know
about that part, but
&gt;&gt; Right.
&gt;&gt; Okay.
&gt;&gt; Awesome. Thank you so much, Brian. I
always love your work and you always
give us something to think about.
&gt;&gt; Okay.
&gt;&gt; Follow Brian. Check out his website at
nextbigfuture.com.
&gt;&gt; Thank you.
&gt;&gt; I've created a website that is the most
comprehensive resource for the Tesla
investor. Please check it out. Simply go
to my website at herdomm.com.