Channel:     jobhakdi
Title:       How Tesla Optimus Helps Us To PREDICT The Next Stock Move
URL:         https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=moebSGq0w_c
Published:   2026-04-27 15:51 UTC
Fetched:     2026-04-27 16:00 UTC

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

We just finished the Tesla earnings call
last week and there were some very
important little diamonds sprinkled into
this thing that I think were not
sufficiently covered by the media and
the analysts and probably the biggest
thing outside the robo taxi related
things and the fact that Tesla proved
again that is the master of margins, the
master of manufacturing, the master of
execution with increased gross margins.
Besides robo taxi and these gross
margins, the biggest thing in my opinion
is this news that great Tesla Ming from
China brings to us with additional
support and evidence. And that news was
that Elon said Optimus version 3, the
long awaited humanoid robot by Tesla,
probably the world's leading human robot
that has been completely quiet with no
information leaking out of Tesla for the
last 9 months plus. Everyone totally
forgetting that Tesla is working on the
most revolutionary product in human
history. Well, the second most the most
revolutionary product are AI satellites
by SpaceX and Tesla. But the second most
revolutionary Tesla Optimus, the
humanoid robot very emotionally engaging
for humans because it looks like us kind
of when you wear a helmet, do some
workout and get very steely muscle. Then
you look like Optimus, but you know what
I'm saying. These human robots are very
exciting for people. This is very
science fiction. And Tesla, of course,
by far by an enormous distance, the
largest player in this space, the most
money, $44 billion in cash sitting on
the balance sheet, the most advanced
engineering teams in the world, Elon
Musk leading this whole thing, the
largest AI compute cluster in the world.
So, they have some critical amounts of
stuff there. of course, the world's
greatest marketing machine, Elon Musk's
X account where he can move hundreds of
millions of these things in a single
post if he wants to. So, very exciting
and people are looking at that and they
forgot that Tesla is even working on
this because Tesla was dead silent on
their Optimus program. In the earnings
call, Elon said two very important
things. First of all, he repeated why
Tesla is always so incredibly quiet
about this because in this space very
different from other spaces they're in,
the competition is actually hot. The
competition is dangerous. The
competition is aggressive. The
competition is smart, not like Whimo.
So, the Optimus competition is way more
smarter than Whimo. So, you have to be
cautious. They're also very Chinese, the
competition, Xpang, many others. And
what that means is every time you do any
kind of demo, there are little Chinese
all over the place and they will take a
lot of photos and a lot of videos and
they will reverse engineer the hell out
of Optimus to an extent that is scary.
And the Chinese are extremely formidable
engineers and reverse engineers. Elon
knows that that why that's why he said
we not going to show anything about
Optimus until the last possible moment.
And the last possible moment is when we
launch the actual commercial production
of Optimus. Okay, let that sink in. That
is very interesting. So that's what I
said all along. I said it to you guys
over the last year. Of course, we're not
going to see any updates. I said it I
think in April last year. I told
everyone, forget about seeing demos. Why
would he do demos? He's just getting
copied. He's not going to do it. They
are going to be zip silent on this until
they're ready to launch it. And now
comes the big bang. On the earnings
call, Elon said they're going to go into
production and debut
version three of Optimist, the
commercial version in 90 days, which
means probably in July. Tesla Leming
says June, so make it July. Maybe make
it August, but somewhere around there
cuz now we know this thing is ready. Now
we know it's getting it's being prepared
for production. And we are going to talk
in a minute about how many of these will
be produced and what that all means for
the stock and strategically for the
company. So what does Tesla Ming say?
Tesla Ming is our spy in China and he
has found the Waybo. Waybo way I don't
know my Chinese is not very good. Waybo
account of Tesla. So you have to
understand Waybo is Tesla's is China's
X. So X is not very big in China because
it's censored everything. And Waybo is a
giant Chinese X clone. And the most
important Tesla news is not Tesla Asia
on X. It is Tesla China on Waybo. And
that is a post by Tesla China. You can
read it yourself. Just kidding.
Uh I translated this for you and of
course not I but Grock. Um and here's
what it says. The screenshot shows a
post from Tesla Ming a popular Tesla
enthusiast news account on X who often
shares updates from Tesla China. He's
quoting or summarizing info from Tesla's
official Waybo website. Key details from
the announcement. Midyear debut around
June 2026 for the V3 Optimus. Mass
production RAM starting July and August
2026.
And of course, blah blah blah, largest
product ever. That's not that important.
So, this is very, very important. This
is exactly what this post tells us.
Tesla China now officially announcing
it. Not just in the earnings call, but
on the Tesla China Waybo site. Tesla
China has to do all this promotion about
themselves because you want to recruit
the best Chinese engineers. You want to
keep the suppliers happy. So China has a
giant infrastructure around Tesla
Optimus. Just to be clear, the hands and
all that kind of stuff, the actuators,
everything is sourced in China which is
not very smart because it's a huge
social uh not social security national
security risk. But we have no choice
because China is completely dominate
dominating in these fields. It will take
a long time before America can catch up
to this or even try to create these
supply chains, but I'm sure someone is
trying. For now, it's all China. That is
why China is so important for Tesla to
announce these things. So, what does it
actually mean? It means something that I
elaborated on after the earnings call in
my Pioneer Alpha strategy that this is
absolutely transformative and important
for Tesla because it means this is a
completely right now overlooked
underhyped underappreciated soft
catalyst of enormous proportions. You
know that I'm describing hard catalysts,
forcing functions, for example, robo
taxi scaling as these things that
directly drive sustainable cash flow
increases that force even the most
backwards analyst in their basement to
reassess the stock. The these are hard
catalysts. soft catalyst of big
proportions like this one does not force
the naysayers and the bears to admit
they're wrong but it leads all the bulls
and the people who have reasonable sense
in the middle to say wow that is crazy
we have to do something here and buy
some stocks and that is going to happen
here when you reveal V3 assuming it's a
good demo but I'm pretty sure it will be
a good demo and then you go into
production people know okay this is
taking this thing to the next level it's
taking it to the
one step before the hard forcing
function. That probably happens in 2027
or 2028 for Optimus. Robo taxi probably
in 2026 by the way. But Optimus, if
Optimus gets into production, gets
deployed in the hundreds, maybe in the
thousands inside Tesla this year. It
sets us up for something absolutely
revolutionary in 2027. Because I said
again and again, this is not robo taxi.
This is much easier than robo taxi. Once
you have these things in production, you
can sell tens of thousands of these
things completely prematurely to
industry partners and all kinds of
people to private individuals. Tesla
Optimus can sell millions in my opinion
before it's ready. Millions before it is
ready. What do I mean with that with
readiness? I mean a robot that just
hands on beats, hands down beats a human
in physical labor. Okay, that is the
inflection point where you can sell
billions of these things because then it
becomes like AGI like anthropic like
claude like G GPT where people just have
infinite demand for AI. You will have
infinite infinite scalable demand for
these robots once they actually clearly
beat hands down a human in physical
labor. Now I think that point is
probably 5 years out maybe four years
out. I think the point is like 2030 2031
where robots truly become much better
than humans in specific physical labor
activities. But I do believe you can
sell millions of these things before
they are superior because they are so
appealing number one to private
households. How many households in
America? How many households in Asia?
How many households in Europe? How many
households all over the world would buy
this thing for 40,000 bucks and pay
a,000 bucks a month? Even if it's not as
efficient, even if it's more expensive
than a human, millions, I guarantee you
that. Millions would buy this thing
because it's just too cool. If it has
any good utility, even if less efficient
than a human, millions would buy that.
Plus millions in industry would buy this
thing for pilots because they know this
thing is coming in 2 3 years from when
they buy it and it's going to be super
efficient and now they have to start
implementing these things.
So that's why I'm more bullish than most
that Tesla will reach a million Optimus
sold per year before 2030 or in 2030
because you don't need to be perfect.
You don't need to have this crazy crazy
superiority. And that superiority is
coming between 2030 and 2035. I'm 1
million% sure on that. And all of that
means that what we see now in 90 days
will be a catalyst for the stock. I'm
very sure about that. So let's talk
about scale. Okay, let's talk about
scale.
Uh what did CERN write here? What did he
what did CERN do versus Brett Edcock? So
Brad Edcock, the CEO of Figer, the
biggest competitor of Tesla Optimus in
the United States at least and much more
outspoken, much more demo oriented
because it's a startup. They need to
raise money. They need to create hype
very different from Tesla. What he
posted here is humanoid robots
manufactured at figure by month. So this
is the biggest American humanoid
manufacturer and you can see here CERN
translate this into actual numbers. You
can see what happened in April. They
were at 150 per month. 10745. So they
will keep scaling this probably because
they can deploy all these things. They
have a lot of funding and people are
going to buy this probably BMW and
Mercedes and some auto manufacturers.
That's what we're looking at 150. And
why do I look at this? Because it tells
you some things. Obviously we can be
very sure that Tesla will be more
advanced than figure 1. Optimus will be
much more advanced than figure one. We
can see here when they actually start
scaling, right? They started scaling and
not really scaling but in February they
started scaling. You see that this thing
works sufficiently and you can be
guaranteed that Optimus is better than
that. So I think Tesla can easily with
extreme high likelihood if they start
doing this deploy multiple thousands
multiple thousands in 2026.
And I reported I think in December on
that leak also by Tesla Ming of Chinese
manufacturers who actually said that
they're preparing for up to 70,000
70,000
Tesla Optimus produced in 2026. The
suppliers the people who supply the
parts there were leaked contracts that
Tesla is preparing a supply chain of
over 70,000 robots per year for 2026 the
run rate. So that would indicate
something like over 10,000 in 2026. So
let when you let this all sink in, Tesla
being very silent about these things,
Tesla working very hard on these things
now announcing that they will start
production. They will start production
production
in 90 days. Just think about it. Think
about the upside catalyst that might be
hidden from us. Will they have
potentially contracts? Will they have
partners? Will they have Pepsi like with
a semi? Will they have BMW? Probably not
BMW. Will they have other manufacturers
that are not auto manufacturers lined
up? Say, I'm taking a 100. I'm taking a
100. I'm taking a dozen. How many of
these McDonald's?
Just think about that. What are the
effects of McDonald's or Burger King or
Subway using humanoid robots? Just the
marketing effect. Would McDonald's spend
a few billion on these robots if they
can actually do stuff at McDonald's just
to say, "Look, we have these robots."
And I would go to McDonald's. I would
even buy something. Probably the ice
cream. I like the ice cream. So, you
know, that's $150 right there from me.
Return on invest. I would go there 10
times. 15 bucks right there from me. Who
never spends anything at McDonald's if
you had the humanoid. Now, multiply me
with a billion and you get a lot of
money. So, I would absolutely not be
surprised if you hear announcements
about pilot studies and deals when they
start manufacturing. I don't know if
that's the case or not, but just put the
dots together and think about it. We
will speculate on this more on this
channel because this is very important
also for the stock because if that
happens, oh my god, all bets are off.
So, Optimus was always the out of left
field catalyst that can come. Now, we
know it is coming and that is crazy. So,
go to pioneerlands.org.
I'm always promoting this on this
channel. This is our thing that we are
doing. Uh you can go here to pioneer
lens. You can ask your questions. Click
on ask a question right in the academy.
You get on the academy by default. You
just start with AGI, right? Artificial
general intelligence. You can click on
robots. You can click on autonomy. You
can read all the commentary and
discussions. You can see the latest news
here. AI super new. Uh from there you
see
what's going on. So you see space AI and
you can just ask your question here and
select your space, no pun intended.
Click on autonomy and if your question
is good or if you're a citizen, I will
answer it every Sunday live. You can
also view it after it was live on
YouTube and this is our way to interact
to get the smartest minds on the
smartest commentary, smartest questions
and stay on top of the game. I hope that
was interesting. We have more coming on
Cyber Cap, on Tesla stock, on Nvidia and
on a lot of revolutionary things. I hope
to see you very soon. We have some
product announcement that are probably a
little world changing at least Tesla
changing. So stay tuned, subscribe and
like so you not never miss anything and
I hope to see you tomorrow.