Channel:     jobhakdi
Title:       Tesla Earnings Review: BACK to $400 Quickly?
URL:         https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DghYe-KWyZg
Published:   2026-04-24 00:00 UTC
Fetched:     2026-04-24 01:00 UTC

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

And we are live for this earnings review
for Tesla. As you probably all know,
Tesla had its earnings call yesterday
and as always, it was great drama. They
published a beautiful earnings report
before the call and people were very
excited. The stock actually went up a
lot to 405 peak and then once Elon
hopped on the call and the call started,
it was all doom and gloom. I don't know
why exactly, but you know how people
are, the fickle investors, they just
love to be difficult. And so, everyone
was unhappy with the vibe. And Elon
started the call with a huge capex
announcement, $25 billion, $5 billion
more than we all knew before. And so
that was kind of a problem for everyone.
And then the stock dropped unfortunately
a lot. And this is also what we are
seeing today. uh market opened and the
stock is down now 2.84%.
Not the worst, but definitely something
that no one enjoys. So that's kind of
where we are at and I want to go through
today
what's actually happening here uh and
what my summary is. I have a nice little
write up here, an earnings summary write
up. Let's go through it and I will tell
you exactly what I see in this earnings
call or in these earnings in general and
why I think we are actually in a very
beautiful goldilocks moment as investors
as traders. You know, I'm both. I have a
nice little core position for Tesla. My
most bullish position and I am trading
around it to generate some alpha, the
Pioneer Alpha.
uh that helps us to always generate a
little bit more or a little much more
than Tesla itself. Here's my summary
before we go into the stock situation
and what we are doing next
summary is we have multiple important
beats but let's go through the details
and then do the summary. What about that
auto gross margin very important the
auto gross margin the amount of money
they make on the auto business 19.2%
versus expected 17.5%. Now, if you find
margins boring, let me tell you
something. When it comes to
manufacturing and auto, this is an
absolutely mind-boggling margin. Already
Tesla is a total margin leader in the
auto industry. And more importantly,
expected was 17.5%.
So, if you sell a car for 100,000 bucks,
to make it simple, you're making $17,500
in gross margin after cost of goods sold
after the production cost. But Tesla
went up to 19.2%. Now, why is this
important? Because as we will see in a
second, we are now unlocking insane new
manufacturing verticals, chips,
maybe even rockets. Well, rockets is
SpaceX cyber cap and of course solar and
batteries without limit. In this new
verticals, in these physical
manufacturing verticals, it is of utter
importance to be absolutely on top of
your game in terms of manufacturing
efficiency. And there is no other
company in the world that is better at
this stuff than Tesla. And this shows
you that with all the talks about oh
Elon and he's exaggerating, he never
delivers.
If you know anything about manufacturing
or very complicated things like cars,
this is exactly what delivering in a
management and operational sense means.
It means to drive the gross margin in an
industry that is under tremendous
pressure even higher than it already is.
So for me this is actually super
important and was one of the reasons why
the stock went up so much before the
call started. Now we have delivery
growth also important. We see Tesla core
business recovering across the board
after a challenging 2025 and we see
people all over the world buying more
Teslas in Europe. We see it rising
especially but we also see it in other
markets. So huge recovery very
interesting stuff. gross margins up
despite the tax credits expiring. Very
good. On the robo taxi side, we saw
safety reports, right? As you probably
know if you follow my channel or other
channels that cover that, we had no
incidences reported in Q1, even though
we also doubled the paid road taxi
miles. Enormously important that Tesla
takes safety extremely importantly,
extremely seriously. And that is the key
to not derail the whole robo taxi
scaling operation. We will get to this
in a second. Now let's continue with
this roll out. Of course that's what
everyone is interested in. Well first
here paid robo taxi miles doubled. So we
see massive scaling on a low base but we
now at nearly 1 million miles as a
reference point to be fair. Whimo was at
50 million right? But if you double your
stuff every quarter then 50 million is
not very far away.
So roll out that is of course one of the
central things that everyone is looking
at for Tesla when do we actually scale
more and Elon now reiterated a dozen
cities end of the year you know we he
mentioned they get they're getting
caught in loops at intersection so there
are some edge cases tails they have to
overcome uh that require an increased
amount of training maybe means uh we are
not seeing an inflection point too soon
but I will get into this in a second.
And by the way, if you take a look at
the robo taxi tracker, you all know
what's happening. You know, people lose
sight a little bit of what's happening.
This is the unsupervised fleet. Of
course, people say, "Joe, this is only
17 of these unsupervised Model Y and
Cyber Caps or I think only Model Wise at
this point." But just look at the
growth. Okay, here you're looking at
this whole thing actually started only
in January 25th. That's only three
months ago. That's was the first time
when we actually saw unsupervised caps
rolling out and driving around and then
it grew quickly to seven and eight and
now recently went up and as you see down
here we added even two new cities. We
added Dallas and Houston. So sure this
is a small base but look at the
expansion speed. If we keep this up we
might be in good shape sooner than
people expect. Well I will go into that
in a second. So that's going on with the
roll out of robo taxi, the autonomous
transport revolution. Now let's talk
about cyber cap. Okay, so that was also
pretty dramatic. I think Jeff Lutz was
the first one to actually retweet it on
X. But during the earnings call,
yesterday during the earnings call,
Tesla had an official official post on X
saying Cyber Cap production has now
officially started. This is not pilots
anymore. Yesterday at the very call
earnings report release, Tesla started
officially full-on Cyber Cap production.
Now, if you're not a production geek,
you might not know what the difference
is. Oh, they produced a 100 of these.
What's even the difference now? Well,
the difference is in the beginning, they
are still pretty handmade at testing
these production lines. Everything has
to be manually checked. Once production
actually starts, you have the actual
conveyor belt or whatever an unboxed
method actually does where you have real
production. So we are now at the
precipice of actually churning out a lot
of cyber caps and we have already seen
20 30 40 60 cyber caps a week in the
over the last four weeks and that will
be an important point in the end that I
will summarize to actually get to some
numbers here. FSD number five increased
miles 90% subscriptions grew 16%
sequentially. So that means the paid FSD
miles not of robo taxi but of Tesla
owners increased 90%. So they nearly
doubled the amount of miles driven on
FSD. Let that sink in. We talking about
millions and millions of people who own
Teslas have now doubled in the last
quarter the amount of miles driven with
FSD. While the subscriptions grew 16%
which is by the way a lot. This means
real cash coming in but it's only 16%.
Right? 16%
more people opted into FSD, but 90% more
miles were driven, which means in
average the regular Tesla driver now
uses much more FSD than before, which is
an indication that FSD is becoming much
much better for people otherwise they
wouldn't use it so much. Now, a real
banger. We nearly done. We have seven
points in total. So, the real or we have
eight points in total. The real banger
for me, unexpected, very interesting,
was Optimus.
So, I'm not a big believer that Optimus
will bring in a lot of cash in the next
24 months. Very different from op from
robo taxi. I think robo taxi will be the
huge forcing function that reprices
Tesla stock. Maybe
not in May, maybe end of the year, maybe
next year, maybe earlier, maybe in
September. But Robo Taxi is a huge
forcing function because it's that close
to revolutionizing and completely
transforming Tesla's free cash flow.
Because when you run the math, that's
what we're doing over here. You see that
there is a lot of money coming in once
you hit that critical mass of 2,000 robo
taxis and keep scaling, then cash flow
really changes. for Optimus much more
complicated much longer time horizon but
but Optimus is the thing that is even
bigger as a market as a TAM as a total
addressable market and it captures the
imagination of people much more and we
haven't heard about Optimus in a very
long time we have had no updates and I
told you guys a year ago why that is and
Elon confirmed that this call it is
because everyone there is actually
competition very different to Roboaxi
but For Optimus, there is competition in
the world, some serious competition, and
you don't want, if you're the leader,
which I think Tesla is. You don't want
to show your cards. You don't want to
show Optimus because it's much much more
unknown.
It's much less general knowledge than
FSD, for example, what the these robots
actually are. What are all the details?
So, these are real frontier innovations,
and you don't want to show your cards
before you start the game. Okay? And
what is the game? Actual commercial
production. And that is why we haven't
seen any Optimus updates which means
there is a lot of attention here
potential attention to what Tesla is
actually planning to do with this
Optimus situation. And now Elon
announces in the earnings call we will
start Optimus production in Q2. So make
this Q3 maybe. But uh we are going to
start this even though they were not
late on Cyber Cap. Don't forget that
maybe it is Q2. I think it's very close
and imminent. Now what does that mean? I
don't think that's going to move free
cash flow a lot, but it will present to
the world Optimus Gen 3 and this thing
will be probably very good. That is what
I'm thinking. So from a pure tactical
stock perspective, I think this is just
an enormous catalyst sitting here. That
is very very interesting. Very
interesting. I think it's completely
ignored by people. I mean this thing can
drive up the stock 100 bucks in my
opinion. That is a real this is a real
super strong soft catalyst. You know
that I have my hard catalyst. Hard
catalysts are things that force
even the most backwards analyst out of
their basement and upgrade the stock
against their own will. Okay. Hard
catalyst means there is free cash flow
exploding. You can't do anything against
it. If you're an analyst, you have to
follow. Strong soft catalyst like this
is for the people who are positive on
Tesla or neutral. They have to do
something about it. So I think this is
coming very interesting and this is not
a this is not a weak catalyst. Optimus
is a huge catalyst once it becomes real
and this might be the moment where it
becomes real. I tell you the potential
for humanoid robots even in terms of
pulling forward stock price is huge.
Now new vehicles Roadster comes in a
month. Cyber capable the biggest product
by far. Roadster might fly. Who knows? I
did some videos on the flying car
theory. Uh but Elon reiterates of course
this is not a big driver. And finally
the last point the last point is the
point Elon started the call with banks
capital expenditures investments into
capital expenditures into factories and
stuff like that and into ro taxis if
Tesla owns them into cyber caps is now
increased from 25 from 20 billion for
2026 to 25 billion. In addition, the
spend in Q1 was actually lower than
expected, which means we are pushing
most of that into the last three
quarters, which means for the last three
quarters, we go from 5 billion expected
to 9 billion expected. And you know,
this is very interesting. Is that good
or is it bad?
And obviously, if you believe in the
growth story, if you believe in the age
of AGI, if you believe in this
transformative power we have, obviously
it's good. Like no normal person would
say it's not good. But in the stock
market capital expenditure the question
whether it's good or not is a sentiment
question. It is a question what the
market feels. It's all about feels and
vibes. If the market is aggressive and
positive and bullish capex is good
because the market says look they're
spending all this money which means
they're going to make so much more money
which means buy the stock. But in a
market that is a little delusional or
skeptical or bearish like the current
market. The current market is very
schizophrenic.
The current market knows we are at this
inflection point. We're going through
this singularity. They understand AGI is
already here, has been here. Now it's
even more here. They know infinite
revenues coming. But they also want to
be skeptical about it and invent these
AI bubble talks all the time. And we saw
that companies like Meta got really
punished after the earnings call uh the
previous earnings call when they
announced very large capex. Even though
I said, "Dudes, what's wrong with you
market? Buy meta." Like, this is good
stuff. Of course, they're talking about
a very different dimension. They're
talking about 200 billion capex, not 20
billion or 25 billion. But right now,
it's negative. And so, that completely
dropped the stock. That completely
dropped the stock, which is interesting
for us. Okay, let's take a look at the
stock. Now, we are zooming into the
stock. Talk more about this. Recovering
pretty nicely. I will get into what I
did and what my break even point here
is. Spoiler alert, it's 375. I will
explain exactly the trade I put on.
Probably you saw the video yesterday.
Sorry, I was late yesterday, by the way.
I recorded it probably 4 hours before
market close and then my editor was not
available until late. So, I'm late with
a video. It came out after market
closed, which was a little delayed, but
it doesn't matter. So, I will get into
what I thought yesterday, what earnings
will be, why I actually played earnings,
and why my break even is roughly 375.
by tomorrow. Uh I'm very positive that I
will come out winning on this or let's
say I'm positive, not very positive. I
don't want to jinx anything here, but
I'm positive I'm coming out positive
here.
So what is my summary of the situation?
Here is we have multiple important
beats. This was a very good earnings
season, right? Or earnings uh report,
not call. It was a very good earnings
report because we had this important
gross margin beat. I think this is just
an very important indicator, not just
more money for all of us as investors,
but it confirms that Tesla is absolutely
on top of their game as a manufacturing
powerhouse. And that is what will count
for Optimus, for Cyber Cap, for
batteries and of course for infinite
solar in space. So just confirms
sometimes important to confirm these
things. Tesla is not just some one of
the best or the best. They're getting
better at manufacturing and really
squeezing out these gross margins.
Second, the capex situation that killed
the stock price yesterday after hours it
where it went from 405 all the way down
to whatever 380. Capex is of course
bullish. I mean, are you kidding me? If
Tesla I think they're spending on the
lower end of things at 25 billion. Look
at everyone else in the Mac 7. They're
sp except for Apple, the big loser in my
opinion. Everyone else spends 160
billion, 200 billion a year now. Amazon,
Microsoft, Nvidia, not that much, but
also a lot. Tesla is the tiniest little
person here outside Apple in the Max 7
while also being the only company that
actually manufactures real big fat
things. So 25 billion is a bargain if
you look at these cash flows coming.
And the fact that they're doing this, I
mean, that's the absolute minimum
minimum I would expect. So for me this
is very very bullish and now I will get
back to my gross margin again. We have
to understand Tesla is one of the
bestrun companies in manufacturing and
in financials actually in the world and
that is a huge huge confirmation this
gross margin that these 25 billion we
are going to spend are not going to be
wasted. Tesla proves again and again
that they are the masters of capital
expenditure in building these things and
manufacturing. So what do you want? Who
else would be better to spend this money
than Tesla? Who else would you trust
more to be stingy and efficient to make
you more money than they spent? Who
else? Not the government. So, I think
very bullish. And then Optimus, of
course, these are my three takeaway
points. We have multiple important
beats. This was tremendous positive
earnings. Capex, I'm very happy about
this. This is bullish. This is a little
on the low end in my opinion, but let's
go all in and be efficient. And finally,
Optimus. Okay. All in all, no negative
surprise for me. Everything as expected,
plus these positive surprises, but
multiple positive ones. The main
potential negative is subdued commentary
on robo taxi scaling. I mean, this is
the big question mark. Was that negative
on robo taxi scaling? And I went in this
into this before before the call and I
told everyone here's what I expect
they're going to say. They're going to
say we scale safety first. It's all
going well. We're adding more cities.
That's what I expected them to say and
that's exactly what they said. I
expected them to basically say not much
because I never say much about robo
taxi. How can you say much? So the only
thing they added where they are more
specific was oh we are at 12 cities end
of the year which for some was
disappointing. But here's how I think
about it. Here's how I think about it. I
do think 10,000 plus unsupervised robo
taxis this year are still possible. And
that's my expected two positive more
bull case. Okay. Some people might say,
"Joe, you're delusional." Maybe
delusional, but I'm not that delusional.
Over the next coming days, I will have a
video going into an updated robo taxi
scaling model where we look at exactly
that. We are going to look at, okay, can
we get to 10,000 unsupervised robo taxis
or can we not get to that? That is the
big question. And we are going to look
into that. I think we can. It's a tight
schedule, but not a crazy schedule. If
we continue what we see here, we can
actually get there. This is the surprise
inside. People don't understand
exponential scale and I will have in the
same video plus in a additional fully
focused video an analysis of cyber cap
because don't forget I said it again and
again cyber cap production is our best
possible indicator quantitative
indicator what can happen and will
happen very likely. Why? Because cyber
cap is a real capital expenditure thing.
It's a real manufacturing effort by a
very professional and big company. It's
not just Elon talk. These are billions
and billions of dollars put into
manufacturing infrastructure that is now
alive, which means it has to put cars
out or it's a disaster. Okay? And Tesla
normally doesn't create disasters. Maybe
it creates it on the stock when Elon is
in a bad mood, but it does not create
disasters on execution.
And that means Tesla is kind of now in a
corner in a positive way to have to
scale cyber cap. And then Tesla of
course and Elon said it will be
painfully slow to get these cyber caps
out. Painfully slow. When you look up
what that means, it means for example
Cyber Truck. Cyber Truck was painfully
slow. Okay, Cyber Truck. If you overlay
the growth of Cyber Truck and Cyber Cap
which is much easier much much easier to
produce than Cyber uh Cyber Truck. If
you take the same curve of production
scaling of Cybert truck you would end up
at something like 25,000
Cyber Trucks if you would launch
Cybertruck now yesterday you would end
up at roughly 25,000 of these things
produced by end of this year. Now Cyber
Cap is much easier to produce.
Obviously, it is definitely easier to
produce. It's a much smaller car. It's a
much more streamlined thing. So, even if
you cut, here's the interesting thing.
Even if you cut cyber truck scaling
line, scaling function in half,
even if you cut a super slow scaling
curve of Tesla for a much more complex
car, even if you cut that curve in half,
you end up over 10,000 cyber caps
produced end of the year.
And I like that analysis because it's
actually interesting because it is not
something optional for Tesla. If you
would underperform that curve, it
actually comes at a serious capital cost
because you have all that stuff standing
around and you're not doing anything and
you have suppliers and everything. So
these manufacturing lines have to be
used. So it gives us an indication if
they started, if they have it prepared
that people might get very surprised at
the end of the year. And that is why I'm
sticking to my 10,000 plus unsupervised.
Why unsupervised? Because these are
cyber caps. You cannot supervise them
because they're not enough. There's no
space in these cars. You cannot have a
safety driver in a cyber cap in
commercial operations, you know. And
when you connect these dots, I think
people might get a little surprised
because that was my original or not my
original but over the last 6 months my
prediction. And if that comes true, I
said 20,000, but the difference between
10 10k plus and 20 is very marginal. And
we are in a very different situation
here. And maybe people wisen up to the
whole situation. Maybe that's why you
see the stock recovering. See, it's
recovering and recovering. I was pretty
positive on this. What I did is I put
some at the money puts and slightly out
of the money puts because very nice
premiums. So I had a 380, I had a 385
and I had some 390 which are underwater
now. uh puts and 375 is my break even
point where I make more money where I
make money on this trade where I
generate alpha over Tesla core position.
So let's see what happens by tomorrow.
I'm pretty confident that the market is
not as dumb as it looks like and this
will recover more. If not, I think it
will be soon. In principle, I think we
are ready to rally like we are ready to
rally over 400 again. And I said again
and again all-time highs more likely
than not before even anything happening.
And now we have the Optimus point coming
in 90 days. We have potentially some
serious cyber cap scaling coming in the
next 90 days. So, do I believe we reach
all-time highs in the next 90 days? Yes.
I mean, it's a pretty bold statement I'm
making here because, you know, I don't
want to be wrong, but I'm I have high
confidence we probably reach alltime
highs if the market does not implode.
Macro, NASDAQ, Iran, you know, the whole
thing. So, let's see what happens.