Channel:     futureaza
Title:       Tesla Stock Surges As Major Product Changes Hit
URL:         https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yTZDIP7GaSU
Published:   2026-05-12 12:00 UTC
Fetched:     2026-05-12 13:00 UTC

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Tesla's had a bunch of news this week.
The end of the era on SNX, a delay on
the little get together to celebrate it
and take delivery of those final few.
Some battery stuff, some product stuff,
some factory stuff. Who knows? But does
it matter? Let's get some context around
these headlines. We'll cover the
headlines, too, but we'll try to make
some sense of them. The stock market
doesn't seem to be too displeased, but
we'll take a look at that, too. I'm
Brian. Welcome to Futurazza.
So, I've got my correspondent in Hawaii,
uh, Randy Kirk out there, uh, as we
speak, uh, searching for Lilo and or
Stitch. I am not sure which. I just know
it's one of the two. Randy, thank you
for taking time out of your valuable
sunny sunny day uh, to bring us some
brilliance uh, or whatever it is that
you do. Lilo and Stitch. One of my
favorite uh Disney movies ever, but Lilo
and Stitch 2, not so much. Anyway,
&gt;&gt; yeah.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. So, let's talk about this real
quick. Have you seen It is the end of an
era. We've got the very last uh Model S.
Uh somebody graffitied it before it
could even be delivered. Very
inconsiderate. I think uh someone joked
I joke made that joke on X. Someone
said, "Oh man, they're going to they'll
probably have to wrap it." And I said,
you know, we joke, but I guarantee you
Steve Jerbitson, whose car that is, is
going to put clear PPF on it. He will
wrap that
&gt;&gt; because that's irreplaceable.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Yeah. Yeah.
&gt;&gt; I don't even think
&gt;&gt; if he ever if he ever drives it, maybe
it just stays in thing.
&gt;&gt; Why would you uh if you've got, you
know, that kind of money, you know, hey,
end of an era, SNX are gone. Does it
matter? What does it mean and does it
matter?
&gt;&gt; No, I don't think it matters. Uh, I've
retired products before. Um, you know,
sometimes they've just done their thing.
Uh, in particular, you know, as you grow
bigger and bigger and bigger, a product
that used to be a major thing all of a
sudden turns into a rounding error. And
so, it might still be a fine product.
Somebody else would sell 10,000 S's and
X a year and they go, man, that's a
company.
You know, uh, but when you're talking
about cars, you got to have a certain
run rate to keep the costs in line. uh
to justify the space in the factory etc.
So no uh SNX did their job. They did
amazing things in the beginning. Um they
set the stage. They created a reputation
of Tesla making the best cars in the
world. And uh no, I think it's fine.
It's all it's all good.
&gt;&gt; But they won't have a super fast car
anymore.
&gt;&gt; Well, I think they're going to have a
roadster.
Also got a Model 3 um you know probably
be souped up. It's doesn't weigh as
much. So, I'm sure they can figure it
out.
&gt;&gt; I think Roadster, first of all, you want
a Halo car in your showroom. And between
Cyber Truck and Cyber Cab, they have
that. And Roadster will only take it to
the next level. Today, of course, is the
scheduled big old party because we're
recording this on Monday. Uh, postponed.
What does it mean? And does it matter?
&gt;&gt; Uh, gosh, I don't know. They postponed
the party for these for the giveaways.
I'm sorry, the handing over.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
Yeah, this was with 72 hours notice. Uh
the event has scheduled for the 12th has
been postponed.
&gt;&gt; New event date and additional details
will be shared with you when it's
available.
&gt;&gt; I'm guessing that Elon wanted to be
there and I think he's prepping.
I don't know if he's already on a plane,
but I think he might be prepping or
making sure that his calendar is cleared
because he's making a little trip with
his buddy uh the president of the United
States over to China
&gt;&gt; um along with Tim Cook and a bunch of
other wheels.
&gt;&gt; Well, they've been invited. We don't
know who all is going.
&gt;&gt; We don't know the details.
&gt;&gt; I can tell you. Well, it's this week. I
think it's Wednesday. And Elon Musk, are
you kidding? Of course he's going. That
would be the, you know,
&gt;&gt; right? So, kind of a slap in the face to
everyone who, you know, the most loyal
customers of Tesla ever who booked their
trips. I mean, three days notice, you're
probably most of those are going to be
non-refundable. So,
&gt;&gt; if that's if that's the if that's the
reason, I think they'll give them a
pass.
&gt;&gt; Depends on the buyer, I imagine. Just
kind of kind of unfortunate. Will it
affect the stock price one penny in
either direction?
&gt;&gt; No.
&gt;&gt; No. I think that's a reasonable
conclusion because what matters more and
I'll ask you this. Selling 350 cars or
selling 80,000 in a month from one
factory.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, that's a good number. I don't know
if it's is it the all-time high? It's
got to be close.
&gt;&gt; It might be close. I It It just says
strongest April ever,
&gt;&gt; but I don't know what the other months
are. This would put you on a run rate of
almost a million, so it's got to be
right about there. Uh,
this is good. China sales have been a
little weak, but now they're exporting
to more and more markets, including
Canada. So,
&gt;&gt; I think I think that I've been saying on
my show, I think that this is uh that
this is 50% of the reason why the stock
is up so much right now. I think there's
a couple of other things that should be
the reason like some of the stuff
happening with Optimus, but I think
what's really is what so many people
that follow the stock still care about
is car numbers. And if you're shipping a
lot of them, then that's good. And right
now that is definitely a day in and day
out hit that we're getting with
headlines selling tons of cars in
Europe, selling tons of cars in South
Korea, selling tons of cars in China,
shipping out, you know, shipping out of
China is kind of around the world right
now. There's there's a a big race to buy
a Tesla and I think that's about 50% of
the reason why we're up right now.
&gt;&gt; So worth noting again, we're recording
this on Monday. We've got a pretty
strong day up almost 4% up $16.73.
If you bought in 2019, uh that's
probably 1673 is probably more than you
paid depending what time of year. Uh so
that's exciting for some folks more than
others. Uh let's see what else have we
got here. Well, on that on that amount
on that uh hitting this number, we now
have a very small number of people that
paid more for it than it's worth today.
&gt;&gt; Yes,
&gt;&gt; that was that was a spike up to 495. It
only lasted a short time. So, right now,
you've got most of the people in the
community are in profits. They should be
smiling. Um and the question now is
where does it go next? And of course,
I've been predict a lot of people though
I'm not by myself this time. A lot of
people have been predicting all-time
high later this year uh based on the
robo taxi ramp. Um and again, I think
there's other contributing factors right
now, but altogether uh yeah, all-time
high is we're only 10% away from
all-time high.
&gt;&gt; I would love to see the people who swore
they would eat their hats if actually
start goblin hats because guys, you've
said this so many times and it just
keeps uh being crazy. Uh so don't don't
do that. Uh have you heard 4680 falling
a little short on range and charging? Um
LFP batteries have caught up to the
point where the 4680 isn't the latest
greatest. Um the LFP of course can be
charged higher without damage. It can be
charged more cycles. Uh it has cheaper
materials and now can apparently be
charged even quicker. And the 4680
apparently didn't catch up to the watt
hours per kilogram of the 2170, nor did
it catch up to the charging speed of the
2170.
Does it matter? So, I have not had a
chance to dig into this yet. I am
theoretically on a vacation. Um, but my
my big guess would be that uh the main
reason why we want the uh the nickel
base is for power. Uh you want to be
have those quick starts. you want to be
able to, you know, have an energetic
vehicle. Um, and yes, it has some other
benefits and detriments. Uh, but from I
there was just a very very long, if
people haven't watched it yet or read or
seen my video this morning, u a very
great conversation with I'm g I'm going
to forget her name, Iona. Iona uh with
regard to Tesla batteries and and and BA
uh the the battery packs and whatnot,
the mega packs on um Dylan Lumis' show
and well worth watching. Anyway, there's
definitely a lot of batteries out there
with different capabilities now. A lot
of them that are coming on strong, CL,
BYD, etc. are making some of these newer
batteries. China, as usual, is
overinvesting, building way more
factories than they're ever going to
need, getting into uh real serious
competition, dropping prices. So, it's
going to be a little interesting out
there. The good news is, uh Tesla
definitely is in the lead when it comes
to the nickel side, and I think that's
the main the main the big deal for them
right now. So I would agree with you
that for NMC, NMCA, those kinds of
chemistries, Tesla is in the lead. Uh
NCA as well. Uh in the, you know, the
high nickel ones, um LG is still
clinging to pouches. I I feel like maybe
that's not the best approach. We've seen
some problems with that. Maybe they've
got them ironed out. They believe they
do. It's not great. uh the LFPs are uh
getting closer to because of the higher
charge and discharge rate they are
getting punchier. Uh so in terms of
performance and they're you know it's
catching up on a number of fronts. I
would say that one reason it could
matter to you is if you road trip
heavily especially towing but I would
say that that applies to not very many
people. I would say for myself uh I have
a the my roadtrip mobile is a long range
Model 3 rearwheel drive. The the range
is vastly longer than my tolerance for
being in a continuous drive. Uh whether
it's uh thirst or hunger or bladder
issues, you've got to just stop from
time to time. So most people will not
have an issue with a slightly slower
charging speed. you'd like it to be
faster. I think in China it's more
important because you've got a lot more
apartment dwellers who do not have
access to home charging. And in China
we're seeing that Tesla has adopted the
Sunwa what 5C battery 3C I don't I don't
remember now but it's a very fast
charging LFP battery. If it if it works
it will be more common. That's all I can
say. We've got uh another story here.
Now this one I got to ask you. doesn't
matter because the story is brand
loyalty not as high as it once was but
still number one over 60%
uh even higher among some uh
demographics Tesla owners keep coming
back for more does it matter
&gt;&gt; well of course I mean that's something
you absolutely want to have especially
if you're putting a premium price
theoretically we're not even really that
big of a premium price anymore but we
are selling the car Tesla is selling the
car as a premium product. It is
top-of-the-line. It is supposed to be
better at everything than any other car
and some of those things are
demonstrabably so. Safety now Adas uh
you know you go down the line as to all
the things it does better. So when
you've got that, you would expect to
have that kind of brand loyalty. And my
suspicion would be based on, you know,
having your ear to the ground, maybe the
only reason that number has even dropped
a little bit is because of the political
situation where some people have been
known to throw Malttoff cocktails at
Tesla locations. So
&gt;&gt; that has diminished.
&gt;&gt; Yes, it has.
&gt;&gt; To the to the point that it really, I'm
not sure even deserves mention. Um, but
it's uh but I will say that going to
China, boy, if you take sides in a China
Taiwan dispute uh that's not that's not
uh that's not comfortable for a
statesman and as a business it's not
comfortable because uh if you side with
with Taiwan uh China has quite a leash
on you and if you signed with China you
may lose access to TSMC which is quite a
hit on the other side. So
&gt;&gt; what I would do is say, "Oh, I got this
thing I have to Oh, man. If id have
known sooner, I'd have totally come to
your intervention."
&gt;&gt; Because who doesn't love going to one of
those?
&gt;&gt; So, we have got one more story uh to
share, but before we get to it, I did
want to just remind you guys June 5th
and 6th, 2026 summer meetup two-day
event. I don't know if I've even told
you who our speakers are. Um, but they
do not appear to be on this page, which
is hilarious. But if I go to here, they
might be. Um, there we go.
Well, they're not on here right now.
&gt;&gt; We thought you had the memor
&gt;&gt; Oh, I I do because I'm coordinating the
speaker panels. Um, boy, I really
thought was on here. Let me see if
there's more info here. That's not it.
All right. Well, you know, do what you
can. Uh, but I'll be there. Uh, Justin
the bearded Tesla guy will be there. Dr.
Knowitall will be there. Uh, Jim the
Iowa Tesla guy. Uh, lots of great folks
will be in attendance. Too many to name
right now. David Moss will be there.
That's exciting. Jordan Gizige, myself.
It's going to be a whole heaping helping
of fun. Uh, tesla Michigan.org is where
you get your information, won't you?
Last big one, Randy.
Tours Intel's semiconductor fab plant in
Hillsborough, Oregon, ahead of Tesla and
SpaceX partnership. Does it matter?
&gt;&gt; Well, yeah, it matters a ton. So, um, up
until the the
deal he made with Intel, there was all
this question about, well, can Elon
build a semiconductor factory? I mean,
he's never done it before. Oh, you think
that's gonna stop Elon? Anyway, so he
goes over and he says to to Samsung,
"Hey, Samsung, can we walk your lines
and kind of figure out how to build
these kind of stuff?" And Samson says,
"Yeah, sure. You can watch walk our
lines, but I get the feeling that that
Elon didn't feel that that was going to
be good enough." So, he calls TSMC. He
goes, "Hey guys, I'd really love to have
you partner with me. We'll pay you some
money, whatever. we we'll make we'll
we'll say nice things about you but
would you help us build this this
terrafab and uh they said no
&gt;&gt; articles out there they said no so they
went to Intel and Intel has this brand
new chip brand new methodology actually
architecture and uh Elon says hey would
you share your new would you help us
build this terapab if we used your new
architecture they said oh sure it works
for us
&gt;&gt; works a lot better. I was in the camp
that you cannot just spin up a chip fab.
It's been tried. Um, and I get it. Tesla
engineers are very smart. Uh, but
looking at the obstacles faced by Dojo,
looking at the obstacles faced by 4680,
this is a much more complicated product.
The advantage that Tesla has, of course,
is that they can get the lithography
equipment. They're able to purchase it
just like their competitors. They don't
have to reinvent that should they choose
to in the future. That's up to them. it
is not a critical step and partnering
with Intel, one of the very few
companies in the world that knows how to
do this, especially when Intel is in a
position of modest duress. Um, gives you
an opportunity to make some tremendous
waves in ways that are, you know, uh,
win-win all around. This will also
surely kick Samsung into high gear. We
saw that they announced you know what we
are going to we are going to dedicate
more chips good
that's what we asked you to do
&gt;&gt; and and and while this was a good thing
for Tesla I think it was an even bigger
thing for SpaceX because SpaceX of
course is sharing in this whole terapab
thing and this will help their IPO
because people who might have questioned
whether or not the the terapab could
come together or not planning to spend
55 billion on the first phase. Um now
those investors could go oh well if it
tells in involved in it we think it's
now a done deal.
&gt;&gt; The other nice thing is 55 billion is a
whole lot of money for one company to
come up with it is half as much for two
companies to come up with which is if
I've done my math correctly and in the
comments guys do let me know. Uh if you
could do it out long form so we can see
your work that would be helpful. pretty
sure that's right. And because it'll be
in stages, uh, that'll be, you know,
even better. Um, so that's one way to
skin a cat, Randy. And if you'd like to
see a cat you shouldn't skin, subscribe
because that's what I do is not skin
cats. I'm pleased to tell you that is
not what this channel is. If you came
here looking for that, I'm sorry to
disappoint you, but not really because
that's just not my jam. It's not what I
do. You can also, I've heard, and I
don't know if this is true, you can fact
check it as well. Follow Randy. Uh his
link is in the description. You can
subscribe to him, too. I don't know if
that's actually possible or if uh you
know, or if uh we're going to have
problems with that.
&gt;&gt; We have a shocking de we have a shocking
development though this week. I got too
much content. So, Brian won't be on my
show on Monday night, but he'll be back
on Tuesday. So, watch for him on
Tuesday.
&gt;&gt; That's that's that's a thing. And uh
yeah, so uh with that said, what do we
miss? What do we misunderstand? Leave
it. Leave it into them comments below.
And everybody else, uh like, subscribe,
do what you do, and stay tuned, stay
juicy. And I cannot wait to hear from
you clever robots when you get back from
your vacations. Yeah.