Channel:     electrified
Title:       I Spoke to Regulators: Tesla's Unsupervised Timeline ⚡️
URL:         https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=l_y7DUPop4A
Published:   2026-05-05 00:13 UTC
Fetched:     2026-05-05 01:00 UTC

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Welcome to Electrified. It's your host,
Dylan Lumis. A quick shout out to my
newest patron, Patrick C. Thank you for
choosing to support the channel. I plan
to go a bit quicker than usual as I have
some interview things taking place later
tonight. So, a lot going on behind the
scenes. Much more to come on that. Last
week, I reached out to the CPU in
California to see if Tesla has applied
for that autonomous permit yet. as right
now they only have that TCP, the
transportation charter permit. And as we
know, that just means Tesla's ride hail
program in California is basically a
chauffeur limousine type service, not
actually autonomous in California's
eyes. And their response, we have not
received any applications from Tesla for
any CPU autonomous vehicle permits. On
one hand, Tesla staying under that
transportation charter party permit
makes all of the safety and reporting
requirements much easier. However, I
think the actual reason Tesla has not
yet applied for a true autonomous
vehicle permit in California is because
of this. There's some new rule making in
progress for the CPU right now. And this
one is for rules regarding autonomous
vehicle passenger transportation
services. And it has been confirmed
Tesla has been making public commentary
about these new rules. So I think Tesla
is trying to shape these new rules in
California for how AVs will be handled
before actually applying for those
official AV permits and before
ultimately jumping in head first to
those true AV operations in California.
Now, the good news is Tesla can continue
to run this ride hail program, collect
all of the data, build out the
infrastructure, work on pickup and drop
off as they would, and we know that most
of those miles are being driven
autonomously. But on the other hand,
this likely means that we have at least
a few months, if not 6 to9 months plus,
before we see an actual unsupervised
true robo taxi service from Tesla in
California. Now, of course, depending on
how this new rulemaking process goes,
that timeline can change, but other
companies like Whimo have taken anywhere
from 6 to 9 months to get that true AV
permit. So, based on everything I'm
hearing, I do think there's a world
where we might see some unsupervised
testing to hit that 50,000 miles of true
AV testing that California currently
requires sometime later this year. But
it's looking like we won't see an actual
unsupervised paid customer ride service
from Tesla in California until sometime
into 2027. Once again, because as of
today, the CPU has officially said Tesla
has yet to apply for those permits.
Shifting to Texas, we learned Tesla's
robo taxis in Austin are now operating
unsupervised in the evenings for the
first time as of Sunday this weekend.
Previously in Austin, unsupervised
operation ended midafter afternoon. And
remember what we talked about a few
weeks back, a majority of Tesla's
incidents that are reported to Nitsa
from that standing SGO did actually
happen at night. And while some newer
cities may have more limited operating
hours, whether it's down temporarily for
rain or anecdotally, there have been
some reports of Houston robo taxis not
starting until 9:00 a.m. Officially on
Tesla's robo taxi website, it says the
service is currently available from 6:00
a.m. to 2:00 a.m. Central time. But if
we know that in Dallas and Houston,
Tesla's still only running unsupervised
vehicles, it likely means that the
service is shutting down well before
2:00 a.m. And for what it's worth, on
the robo taxi tracker, we now have six
unsupervised vehicles in Houston, five
in Dallas, and 24 in Austin for a total
of 35. And as we said last week, I think
we should expect Tesla to get to 10 to
15 unsupervised vehicles in both of
these two new cities sometime over the
next two to three weeks. So, we're on
track for exactly that. We'll have to
wait and see what the geoence expansion
looks like for Houston and Dallas. And
no, I'm not going to play the percentage
increase game coming from such a low
base. Ultimately, the growth rate is
still quite slow, but it's really right
in line with what we've been expecting.
Shifting to supervised FSD, Tesla has
officially crossed the 10 billion miles
driven mark. This really is a pretty
incredible achievement. And to put some
context to it, 10 billion miles is
equivalent to driving coast to coast in
the United States roughly 3.5 million
times. So congratulations to the Tesla
team. But as we highlighted, this
milestone is likely not going to
translate into some light switch moment
for Tesla scaling unsupervised. There
was a brief period of time where we had
some hope that would be the case, but at
this current moment, it does not appear
to be the case any longer. Teslas Scope
said 14.3.2 is going out to additional
AI4 customers in North America. They
believe roughly 55 to 60% of the fleet
has now received this update. But for
what it's worth, both of our AI4
vehicles are still without the update.
So, I would be curious to know how many
of you already have 14.3.2 to and how
many are still waiting. The intervene
popup was again changed. It still goes
away if you do provide a voice message,
but outside of that, you still need to
select an option. And per the usual, I
have not seen much negative about 14.3.2
from the early group, but Billy said
that version has been giving him so many
issues. And he shared a video of his FSD
being degraded and then being asked to
take over immediately. And Mike said,
"It's definitely not as polished as
14.2.2.5.
I don't have this certain issue, but
have been getting some start stop in
jittery behavior, and it's certainly
anecdotal, but another Tesla owner
friend of mine said that he's not liking
14.3.2 as much as the 14.2 branch." So,
we are getting closer to a true wide
release of 14.3, but we are not there
yet. And after launching FSD
subscriptions in the Netherlands just
last month, Tesla now announced they'll
be ending the one-time FSD outright
purchase as of May 15th this year. After
that date, the monthly option is the
only option. And Tesla said owners in
the Netherlands have driven 10 million
km on supervised FSD in under one month.
That's roughly 6.2 2 million miles
divided by 30 days is just over 200,000
m per day, which happens to be
equivalent to driving coast to coast in
the US roughly 69 times.
We have forum Mobility saying that Big F
transport is now expanding its electric
fleet with an order of 40 Tesla
semi-units after demoing just one. Now,
yes, I did look up this company. It
appears to be legit. They're a smaller
business operating in California focused
on Dreage, which is moving containers to
and from the ports. It's also been
reported Big F does already own nine
Daimler EC Cascadias as part of its
fleet. The Tesla Semiuns are expected to
operate out of Forum Mobilities Depot in
Rancho Dominguez, which is currently
under development and expected to go
online Q1 2027. From a LinkedIn post,
the word was, "The drivers appreciate
the smooth and quiet ride of the Tesla
Semi. The shippers appreciate the
reduced emissions and they said the CFO
will love the TCO which of course is the
total cost of ownership. And just so you
know, this forum mobility company
effectively helps these fleets to
electrify their operations. And that's
why Forum Mobility said, "Right now, we
can offer a Tesla semilease plus
ultraast MCS charging at a significant
discount to diesel." With four new
depots to be deployed this year and
early next, now is a great time to go
electric. Now, a quick note. If you look
into this, you might find that this big
F transport only has 19 drivers at the
moment. So, what would they be doing
leasing an additional 40 Tesla Semis?
Well, that's just it. These 40 Tesla
Semis will be owned by Forum Mobility
and then leased to Big F. And Big F
likely won't sign all 40 of those leases
right away. And of course, Tesla is
still very early in the production of
the Tesla Semi, so it's going to take a
few months for all 40 of these trucks to
be delivered. And the CEO of Big F has
already said that they do plan to scale
its operations meaningfully in the
months to come with goals of becoming
100% electric. And leasing these trucks
through a company like Forum Mobility
also gives them access to the depot
chargers that Forum Mobility also owns
and as we just read is also continuing
to expand. And last week I said that
most of the incentives for the Tesla
Semi outside of California are well
below that six figure mark, but that
just changed. This week, Washington
State has announced a $175,000
rebate program that the Tesla Semi does
qualify for. This is the WIT program,
the Washington State Zero emission
incentive program. It offers rebates up
to $175,000
for class 8 electric trucks, but it's
only going to be for the long range
version of the Tesla Semi that's
approved in the program's catalog. At
those levels, the Tesla Semi
significantly undercuts the cost of new
diesel class 8 trucks, which average
around $175,000.
And these will be instant point of sale
discounts. And if it's true that a
longrange Tesla semi costs around
$290,000,
this incentive would bring that down to
$115,000.
So that's now at least two West Coast
states where buying a Tesla Semi is an
absolute no-brainer. And this has been
out there for a while, so I will zip
through it. But the new 125 kW base
charger we talked about last week is
designed for longer dwell times and
overnight charging of the Tesla Semi.
It's the home charging for heavyduty
fleets. It has a fully integrated
design, so there's no need for a
separate AC toDC cabinet, simplifying
the installation. The cable length on
the base charger is 6 m, which is twice
as long as the 3 m cable length on the
mega chargers. Up to three base chargers
can be daisy chained on a single breaker
to further reduce installation and
operational costs. So Tesla's charging
suite for the semi now has the 1.2 2
megawatt mega charger for quick stops
and the 125 kW base charger for longer
stays. Max said, "Although it looks like
just a V4 post, the base charger does
not have a cabinet at all. We were able
to put one of the 16 trays from the V4
cabinet inside the post. It fully
leverages the design, production, and
supply chain of the V4 posts and V4
cabinet power electronics. The base
charger dramatically improves cost and
installation flexibility for longer
dwelltime locations, further improving
the economics for heavy duty fleets. And
Dan Priestley said, "Maximizing
carryover content means lower cost
through higher volume, proven
reliability at scale, robust supply
chain for higher quality, and consistent
user experience." And just visually
looking at the difference. Here you have
the Mega Charger, and here you have the
base charger. So again, visually,
they're very comparable. The only real
noticeable difference is the actual
cable. The base charger can add up to
60% of range in 4 hours, and deliveries
are estimated to begin early 2027. On
Tesla's semi-charging for business page,
the minimum number of mega chargers you
can buy is two, which means the
estimated price for one is about
$94,000.
And for the base charger, again, the
minimum quantity you can buy is two,
meaning one will run you about $20,000.
said another way, the base charger costs
$160 per kilowatt of power, whereas the
mega charger is $78 per kilowatt, but
the reason I shared that math is to
trigger your brain as a reminder that
the base charger does not require a
cabinet. The cabinet is effectively
builtin. And I did want to clarify
something I think is getting confused
where Tesla said for revenue generating
sites, Tesla offers an all-inclusive fee
of 8 cents per kilowatt hour. And I'm
not going through all of it, but that
includes many different things,
including the maintenance package, trip
planning, network operation, and so on.
This is not the cost that those
customers paying for that charging will
actually pay. The owners of these sites
will ultimately set their own retail
pricing and do so in a way where they
can make a profit over and above not
only the electricity cost, but also this
8 cents per kowatth fee. That will of
course go to Tesla for everything we
just talked about that's included. So
again, this 8 cent number is not the
retail price. It's just the fee that
Tesla will charge the owners of these
sites. This really is Tesla at its
finest, continuing to drive efficiency
and ultimate TCO for the customer and
doing so by using the same components
across various products to drive
economies of scale. And all we have to
do is look at what Tesla's done on the
supercharger side to see how things will
likely play out on the mega charger
side. Tesla being a first mover in this
semi-charging space means it'll lock
down premium locations first and
ultimately will likely be one of the
biggest suppliers of its own hardware to
third parties. And it will take time,
but the more of the industry that is
reliant on Tesla, the better it is for
Tesla. Just to explain what's going on
with the Model 3 in Canada. Now the
lowest pricing we've seen in some time,
not just in Canada, but in North
America. We now have a premium rearwheel
drive variant for what's equivalent to
about $29,000.
This vehicle will now be coming from
Giga Shanghai, which is just a reminder
of the cost efficiency coming from that
factory. But the main reason this is
possible is Canada just signed a deal
with China to drop the 100% import
tariffs on Chinese EVs down to the
regular 6% rate. And the performance
variant of the Model 3 has also come
down over 15%. It should be noted this
new tariff rate of 6% will be limited to
about 49,000 vehicles per year and I'm
reading it will be on a first come first
serve type basis. And that quota is set
to grow to about 70,000 by 2030. And
while this Model 3 will not qualify for
that $5,000 incentive in Canada because
it's coming from China, frankly, it
won't really matter because the price of
this Model 3 truly is incredible. The
only real drawback I can think of here
is that it's a rearwheel drive vehicle
in Canada, which certainly gets snow.
But as we know, with the proper tires,
it could still be serviceable. So,
excellent news for any Canadians looking
to buy a Model 3. Over the past few
days, Brett Adcock and Figure have given
pretty extensive access of its factory
to Sorcery. And not only that, but I
have to admit, it did release some
pretty cool marketing promotional type
videos. But sticking to what we learned,
Figure 3 weighs about 130 lb. It's 5' 6
in tall. It does have a squishy foam
layer and clothes that can actually be
removed and changed. They're saying all
walking and movements are controlled by
their Helix 2.0 neural network rather
than traditional code. And the torso
houses one big box that houses the GPUs,
computer, power distribution, and the
cells. The fifth generation hands have
palm mounted cameras and improved grip
capabilities. And they showed numerous
times in the video, you can push the
robot pretty hard, and it self-corrects.
It can pick up 40 lb boxes off the
floor. And a single charge will last
about 4 to 5 hours depending on the
activity. And then it takes about an
hour to recharge. And they do use
wireless inductive charging through pads
in its feet. It can charge at a rate of
about 1 kilowatt per foot, which is a
total of 2 kW. The current production
facility can make between 40 and 50,000
units per year at full capacity, but
they do have a long-term goal of a
million units per year. And Brett just
said that they'll make 55 humanoid
robots this week. So, we're not sure if
that's a burst rate or sustainable, but
figures likely making between 1 to 200
robots per week. And I know many of us
are wondering where these will be going.
Of course, some will be for testing, but
Brett did say they'll be announcing some
new customers likely over the next 90
days. And Brett did clarify they're not
running the production lines 24/7 right
now, which is an important clarification
because he said in the past 120 days,
Figure went from making one robot per
day to one robot per hour. And Brett did
reiterate numerous times they are
hyperfocused on a generalurpose robot.
So all that to say, I still have my
skepticism about what figures robots
will actually be able to do for any of
these customers that might receive
shipments in the next year. but it's
certainly worth paying attention to.
Now, these videos have been out again
for a few days, so I'll stop here, but
I'll have them linked below if you have
not seen them. Joe Tetm said, "Cyber
cabs continue to be made at relatively
small numbers this early Monday with
about 25 to 30 located around the site."
So, the production rate is likely
somewhere between 5 and 15 units per
day. Believe it or not, there's a
Reuters article going around that says
Tesla's European rebound continues in
April. And it says how Tesla's
registrations jumped 111% in Sweden,
102% in Denmark, 112% in France, and 23%
in the Netherlands. However, this is all
data for 1 month, that being April. And
as we know, a lot of this is dependent
upon when shipments ultimately arrive.
And honestly, I think one month data
like this is a bit more noise than
signal, which is why I prefer to zoom
out and wait for the ACA data. But they
did say Europe's BEV share of new car
registrations was at 20.5% in Q1 of this
year, up from just 13.2% last year. And
it's likely to continue edging toward
25% in the coming months. So across
Europe, the EV rebound is on. Tesla will
likely be participating in that, but
we'll wait and see to what degree once
we get that Q2 data so we can view
year-to-date numbers. The California DMV
just announced that law enforcement
agencies will now be allowed to issue
tickets to autonomous vehicle companies
for violations of rules of the road. The
changes are set to take effect on July
1st. They said since deployment to the
general public in major cities, Whimo's
self-driving cars have caused a number
of reported incidents, including
vehicles stalling in the middle of San
Francisco streets and other cases of
blocking first responders. Before this
change, tickets had to be issued to the
driver of the vehicle, which put
officers in a gray zone because the
vehicles had no driver to ticket. But
now, under these new regulations,
officers can issue a notice of
non-compliance to the vehicle's
manufacturer if the AVs are caught
speeding or failing to yield. The
vehicle's manufacturer will have 72
hours to submit its notice digitally to
the DMV and may be allowed to contest
the alleged traffic violation. If the
vehicle's manufacturer fails to respond,
the DMV could launch an investigation,
resulting in a recommendation for
corrective actions, permit suspension,
or other measures. As part of these new
regulations, manufacturers will be
required to complete a 50,000mi safety
test that demonstrates a vehicle's
hardware, software, and operating system
can safely operate on the road before
the DMV issues a commercial permit to
companies, which we actually touched on
earlier in this video. And further,
companies will now be required to ensure
that remote operations personnel meet
the state's licensing, permitting, and
training requirements for remote drivers
and assistants. This after some concerns
were raised when people learned that
Whimo had some of its safety operators
based in the Philippines. They've also
issued new regulations requiring vehicle
manufacturers to provide methods to
support first responders responding to
emergencies. Companies will now be
required to have an onboard
communication system that allows first
responders to reach a company
representative within 30 seconds upon
request. The system could be used if an
officer observes the vehicle committing
a traffic violation if the first
responder needs the vehicle moved from
the area due to an emergency or for a
variety of other reasons. Additionally,
local officials will now be able to
enact a temporary electronic geo fencing
zone that prevents autonomous vehicles
from entering during an emergency. Any
vehicles present in the emergency area
will be required to exit the zone. AVs
that violate this restriction may be
subject to permit restrictions or
suspension depending on the
circumstances of the incident. So, all
that to show you why California is still
one of the strictest states when it
comes to AVs and these new regulations
will only make that more so. And it's
also a fact that had these regulations
been in place for the past 2 years, then
Whimo would likely be in some trouble.
Of course, we have plenty of questions
about how local officials will be able
to enact a temporary geoence, but it
sounds like the automakers will be
forced to comply. And to conclude, they
said the new regulations will be phased
in over the next few months. So, not
only are those some meaningful changes
for California, but we'll wait and see
if other states choose to adopt similar
rules, at least as an interim measure as
we continue to wait for an update on the
federal framework for AVs. We've now
seen a few reports of Tesla testing the
Model Y L in the United States,
specifically in Palo Alto. We said
months ago that we had a source telling
us that the Model Y L was indeed coming
to the United States despite the cold
water that Elon poured on that notion.
And I think these sightings are a pretty
strong indication the Model Y L is
preparing to launch in the States
finally. And it would be great timing as
Tesla shared a picture of the very last
Model X to ever be produced. Elon said
on the call they'd be shutting down the
SNX lines in May to get ready for
Optimus production. Elon's net worth
crossed over the $800 billion mark on
his way to 1 trillion, but he did
respond to Peter saying $10 trillion or
bust. And a heads up, I did have the
chance to sit down with a friend of
mine, an electrified community member,
to talk about all things Tesla for
roughly an hour. I'll have the video
linked below. Mark is a great guy. He
has a channel focused largely on Tesla
and the Cybert truck. He did do me a
little dirty with this AI thumbnail, but
you can't win them all. But in all
seriousness, Mark is an awesome guy.
He's one of us big Tesla fan. Does some
great videos on the Cybertruck. So, I'll
have his channel linked below for those
interested. Tesla stock closed the day
at $392.51,
up43%
while the NDX was down 21%. the volume
was 30% below the average. Again, stay
tuned for an interview dropping later
this week. It'll likely be on the
weekend, perhaps Sunday. So, maybe turn
the bell notifications on just for those
interviews. But, I hope you all have a
wonderful day and a huge thank you to
all of my Patreon supporters.