Channel:     brighterwithherbert
Title:       Tesla Just Dropped Features That Could Go Viral
URL:         https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xF2Hzkgmte4
Published:   2026-04-30 13:31 UTC
Fetched:     2026-04-30 14:00 UTC

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Tesla's now at a point where their
technology is able to accomplish some
incredible capabilities. Today, we'll
review the major new features that Tesla
just dropped, some of which might be the
kind that go viral. You be the judge.
First, Tesla announced that after they
roll out a light version of full
self-driving version 14 for hardware 3
vehicles in the US sometime in the
future, they plan on expanding version
14 light to more international markets.
Sounds like FSE version 14 light will go
global. Second, now that FSE version
14.3.2 is rolling out wide truly this
time, one big thing people are noticing
is that Tesla's now unified the model
between actual Smart Summon, FSD, and
Robo Taxi. Now that Smart Summon is
basically the same architecture as FSD,
users are saying it's now finally fixed,
reacts faster, and is working incredibly
well. This might very well be the
feature that goes viral every time
someone realizes the car drives itself
in a parking lot. or might it be Grock
in the car? Only now are mainstream
media, CNBC in this case, starting to
show off real world use of Grock inside
a Tesla. Third, Tesla has launched a new
feature that allows virtual queuing if
you happen to arrive at a very busy
supercharger. We'll show you how that
works. And finally, we'll take a closer
look at X Money, which is set to be
launched this month. 6% interest rates
on savings and 3% cash back built into
the X app, which is fast becoming the
everything app. All these new features
are coming and you just don't know which
ones might eventually go viral. We got
Brian White here with us today. He's one
of our only true Tesla journalists.
Check out his YouTube channel, Future
Aza, for exclusive on the ground factory
tours and interviews. Welcome, Brian.
Great to be here. Yeah, I've had an
opportunity in recent months to take
some of my viewers with me on tours to
both the Mega Pac factory uh where we
got to see not just the production line,
but where they have lunch, you know, the
mega snacky and uh other factories as
well,
&gt;&gt; right? And I don't know, you travel so
much, Brian. I don't know how many
superchargers you've been to. So, the
virtual queuing feature, this is going
to be a fun show. We're going to go
through a number of these features uh
that I often just like you know so many
new stories come out and these features
are secondary but some of them I think
might be very important now because
they've gotten to the point where
they're that good. They're that uh
worthy of discussion. So first of all it
was I I found it unusual that Tesla
dropped this note in the first place. Uh
so don't know why they did this but they
basically said following a future roll
out of FZ version 14 light for hardware
3 vehicles in the US. Okay so at the
earnings call uh they did talk about
Ashok said yeah there will be a light
version of version 14 that we'll roll
out. We plan on expanding version 14
light to additional international
markets. So they said in the future when
we roll this out we hope in the future
we'll roll out the international markets
too. This update ensures that hardware 3
vehicle owners will continue to benefit
from ongoing software updates and then
caveat since international rollout is
subject to several factors. Okay, we
can't provide definitive dates at the
moment but we'll provide updates on a
rolling basis. Why do you think Brian
that they had to even tell us that it's
going to go everywhere? It's going to go
global.
&gt;&gt; I think there was a lot of frustration
among hardware 3 owners which are as far
as I'm aware most owners. Hardware 3 was
in production for a long time. It went
on a lot of vehicles and a lot of those
buyers, even if you know, the vast
majority never purchased or even
subscribed to FSD, but they still wanted
that opportunity. They still wanted the
ability to be in the cool kids club
eventually. After the most recent
earnings call, we learned that hardware
3 will not be unsupervised. It is not
able to do it. But fear not, that
doesn't mean you're going to be stuck on
version 12 forever. You will get version
uh 14 light. And why why would Tesla
even do this? Uh is it because they're
just super nice people? I think they're
doing it out of that sense of
obligation. Sure. But really, they're
doing it because they know they can put
a version of 14 on hardware 3 cars
that's so good that everyone will want
to pay for it. We saw the number of paid
subscriptions climb sharply. We are in
the hundreds of millions of dollars
range on recurring revenue. Uh this is
something that they would love to get to
twice as many, three times as many
eligible vehicles. Uh so I think they
would be crazy not to and they want to
let people know, hey uh we haven't
forgotten you. It is not the end of the
road.
&gt;&gt; So FYI, one of my cars is hardware 3. So
I am very excited and want to make it
happen but the numbers actually don't uh
it's not as me as many as people are
saying it is. The number of people who
have hardware 3 cars is a lot as you
mentioned multi-millions. But the number
of hardware 3 cars who actually outright
bought FSE it's under 400,000
and apparently in the US just in US and
apparently with the incentives to try to
upgrade to hardware for cars many of
them have. And my guess at this point is
that half of those have already switched
over. So we're talking 200,000 cars.
Remember Elon himself even said luckily
there wasn't actually that many who
outright bought it but it was expensive
remember some people paid 15 some people
paid 12 so they need to be taken care of
it's just that okay you know vocal
minority I suppose but but they need to
be resolved I'm not saying that they
don't need to be so okay
&gt;&gt; absolutely and the thing is uh worth
reminding folks have you you ever owned
a car before that got better after you
bought it the answer is no. Certainly
not over the air. I had the uh firmware
updated in my Nissan Quest. The dealer
tried to charge me for it even though I
didn't ask them to. They eventually
Well, well, we're going to do it as a
courtesy. You already did it, didn't
you? So, uh yeah, there's This is
amazing. The updates that we're getting
that add little things, cross traffic
awareness, uh when you're backing up.
That wasn't on the car when I bought it.
I have it now. It's amazing.
&gt;&gt; Lots of features. Okay. So, that was
interesting that they uh announced that
and Elon even reposted it. It just feels
like they're setting up something um why
they want to let people know. But I
think what you were saying makes sense,
which is they want people to actually
buy it. Now, if version 14, even if it's
a light version, it works and it works
so well that the people who have
hardware 3 cars who don't own FSE, they
want to uh make sure that they're aware
because just subscribe to this thing,
it's going to change your car. That's
the important part. So 14.3.2 is now
rolling out and across the board the
community who has it is saying that this
is a magnitude change. It is so much
better than 14.3.1.
Like it was that good. It cleaned up a
lot of the parking issues. It's reacts
faster. It is just so good is what
they're saying now. It is truly is
rolling out. Uh we reported that
yesterday. More and more people are
getting it. Um, lots of people I know
are starting to get it. I haven't
received it in my other cars as well,
but I've heard that it's now truly gone
wide. But here's the interesting thing
that they just quietly talked about is
that they've apparently unified the
model between actual smart summon FSD
and robo taxi for more capable reliable
behavior. So, in the past, our actual
smart summon was a feature that they had
to build separately, but now they're
just using the FSA stack, uh, which is
what's used at Robo Taxi to do smart
summon. Makes sense because it's really
really good at finding parking spots.
So,
&gt;&gt; now you you've worked in development. A
question I would have for you is, would
you rather maintain one code base or
three?
&gt;&gt; Yeah, exactly.
&gt;&gt; One code base is always the best,
easiest. Uh just like you said just
continue that. So this is the end to end
architecture means the same neural net
handles summon urban FSD and highway no
separate code path weight updates
propagate across all driving modes
simultaneously. So you're talking about
better urban performance quietly makes
summon faster too. This is unified
learning working as designed. So now
with summon by the way many people are
thinking now with this the next feature
is banish which is you drive your car to
a some sort of location and then you say
you get drop me off at the lobby the
front door and then the car goes drives
around and finds its own parking lot
parking space. This is still smart
summon but it's now really works. You
you have tested it. You told me last
week that you don't really use it that
often. Um but now you might want to do
it. So, I'm going to play some videos
here, but uh people are raving how
quickly this works. I I think you still
need to press the button, but this is uh
uh Nick Cruz Betain pointing out that
14.3 is actually updated. It's so good.
It's smoother, steering smoother,
similar to actual FSE operation. It now
shows the FSE visualization. And here's
the comparison between the old version
of SmartSummit and the new version. You
can see the the comparison is is is big
deal.
Yeah,
that is very smooth, speedy, and
confident. Uh yeah, that looks good. I'm
still on 142, so uh I will look forward
to getting the update when I get the
update and updating folks uh on what
I've learned. By then, of course, it's
uh not going to be the most relevant.
Oh, what a great shot.
&gt;&gt; You can see how quickly it moves. I find
that with with uh FSD, too. I mean, you
know, you're parked and you just press
the start FSD and it just moves right
away because it's already it's
constantly looking around you. So, it
knows there's, you know, like me, I have
to like look around, make sure,
&gt;&gt; which I do, but uh
&gt;&gt; is moving. Now, it's sped up. Yes. Yeah.
It's just FYI, it's sped up 1.75 times.
So, this appears to be faster than it
really is.
I have found that with FSD when I press
let's go uh it is about as quick as if I
had a driver and their foot was on the
pedal like hovering over the pedal.
&gt;&gt; That's about how quick it is. Um it
doesn't take time to shift into gear and
think if you're in park and you hit it,
it's in the gear and you're about to go.
Not that I need that, but it's job is to
mimic human behavior. Uh, and I think
our job is to mimic human behavior. I
don't know how I'm doing. Hopefully.
Okay,
&gt;&gt; you're doing good. You're doing good.
Uh, so Tessa for this from Scott
Debranssky. Actually, smart summon now
reacts a lot faster. He goes, I love
smart summons. I'm going to use it as
much as I can now. It truly is usable. I
think they can just drop the word
actually now. Just do smart summon. The
reason they added it, of course, was
because it was so janky.
&gt;&gt; All right, so I parked my car back over
there
and I'm going to try doing it again. So,
let's try summoning my car again. So,
I'm coming to the summon screen.
&gt;&gt; I'm picking my car.
&gt;&gt; A couple people were walking by. I don't
want to have my camera here. Now I'm
pushing the button.
Now it immediately is starting to back
up.
&gt;&gt; It's so far I can't even see it.
&gt;&gt; Put the back camera on. Now it's moving
forward.
&gt;&gt; There.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. So on the phone you can actually
see it.
&gt;&gt; And there's something by
&gt;&gt; Right. I just I'm just talking about the
fact that you can use it from a
substantial distance.
&gt;&gt; It's true. They extend they extend the
distance because before you pretty well
had to be close to it. You're right.
This is much further than usual.
&gt;&gt; Stop sign.
&gt;&gt; Last summer I had a chance to use Smart
Summon at
&gt;&gt; and I'm holding my hotel
for those people to cross
&gt;&gt; and it was great. It worked flawlessly
down.
They're walking behind it.
&gt;&gt; They don't pulling over right there
&gt;&gt; like a boss.
&gt;&gt; I love it.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, it seems to be much further away.
That's great.
&gt;&gt; It really confuses people when you get
up uh and hop into the driver's side of
a vehicle. So, wait a second. I used it
at the hotel that we were staying at for
the family reunion.
and I couldn't see where it was. It was
around the corner of the building. I was
just watching it on the phone cameras
and uh it went by several of my family
members who were also getting in their
cars to go to the restaurant and then it
pulled up out front and this lady
chatting on the phone with her friends
saw it and said, "Hang on, ain't nobody
driving that car."
&gt;&gt; Great.
&gt;&gt; Nice.
Oh, that's funny. You got good
impression there. I can hear it right
now. Uh, it's great. I mean, it's this
is possibly the one that's going to go
viral. I always thought that it was
Vanish that will do it. You get out of
the car and it parks itself and people
are like, "My god, there's no way in the
car." And then that's when people
realize what these cars can do this now,
you know?
&gt;&gt; Right. And on Cybertruck, I wonder
&gt;&gt; I wonder if Tesla's going to be cute and
because they like to do little silly
games and call it go on get
&gt;&gt; go on get. Go on, get
&gt;&gt; get. It would it wouldn't surprise me.
&gt;&gt; So, we have more and more of these
mainstream media, in this case CNBC,
actually showing off Grock inside a
Tesla. Uh, you know, my question to you
is which one is actually going to go um,
you know, viral first.
&gt;&gt; Hey, take me down Broadway instead.
&gt;&gt; Route updated for scenery. Head toward
Broadway via West 59th Street, then
south on Broadway to Financial District.
Mike Nelson says that using Tesla's
driver assist system, full self-driving
supervised, makes him feel like he
doesn't have to work so hard at driving,
and it encourages him to do other things
instead of steering, braking, or
watching the road.
&gt;&gt; All full self drive
&gt;&gt; without touching.
&gt;&gt; He spends a lot of this time conversing
with Grock, X AI's AI chatbot, now
integrated into Tesla cars.
&gt;&gt; Hey, Grock.
&gt;&gt; Hey, Nelson. What's up? Can you start
off repeating the what the periodic
table of elements
stands for like each of the elements?
The periodic table lists 118 elements by
atomic number like hydrogen is H number
one, helium he number two, lithium li.
&gt;&gt; Who was the first monarch that
controlled all of the United Kingdom and
what year did he ascend to that throne?
&gt;&gt; Queen Anne was the first monarch of the
United Kingdom of Great Britain.
&gt;&gt; So this obviously it's just it's it's an
LM inside your car. Uh well the new
feature that they launched is now you
can actually it's a wake word. Hey
Grock. That's I for me that's a big deal
because pressing the button and then
swiping it away. It just breaks the the
idea. I like the idea of just saying hey
Grock and then I'll use it more because
it's so easy and then you say
&gt;&gt; go to sleep or go away
&gt;&gt; because I can't stand that it's always
there.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; Right. I'm concerned that you may have
for those listening in podcast form in
their cars just woken a bunch of robots.
Uh the thing the quick pro tip though,
you don't have to swipe away. You can
just say go away and it goes away. It it
will close it.
&gt;&gt; Uh it is one. Well, I don't like that.
Good news. You have to enable it.
There's a little toggle you have to flip
to turn that on. So if you don't like
it, good news. It's not on there until
you say it. It's like the Tron update. I
can't believe they're showing me ads,
optional ads that you had to turn on
yourself. That's not guys, it's just
free content. I enjoyed that. The uh
reporter in the passenger seat the whole
time was just he was just shocked
&gt;&gt; the whole time.
&gt;&gt; He couldn't believe it. He couldn't
believe it.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Yeah.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. So that's
&gt;&gt; that's the response you get from someone
who has had their eyes opened
&gt;&gt; eyes open and but you know it's still
just an LM inside the car. I'm not that
impressed with it at this point. I want
to see controlling the car. That is the
cool thing. So the day that you can
actually say, "Hey Grock, park in that
parking spot or let's not park here.
Let's go further away." It's coming very
soon. Um I showed that my car did that
one time already a long time ago. uh
literally with the hey with the Grock
feature my wife says I don't want to
park here and the car stopped and says
okay no worries it literally replied
back we don't and then it found another
spot and everybody said I don't have
that feature and they couldn't replicate
it and but it happened so I don't know
if they were just testing it or
something happened but that's the kind
of feature I want one time I was driving
on the uh HOV lane and I pressed the
button and I said hey Grock I don't want
to be driving here I'm not allowed to be
driving here the car said no worries and
it moved out. So again, that was a
second scenario where I was able to
control the car physically saw it. Now,
was it luck? Was it maybe I'm misreading
it? Maybe because it's not a feature
that's available. Uh but it seems to be
some vehicles might be testing it. But
that's the feature I think is going to
be critical.
&gt;&gt; The control that we know we have is
route planning. And a good example is
yesterday I took uh the gang out for a
belated family dinner and uh for Dom's
birthday last week and I said uh where's
the nearest red robin and it said 61
miles away in Olympia. I'm like no no no
it isn't and it found the correct one
but we could just have a conversation.
Now, if I had just trusted it, that
would have made my evening a bit longer.
But fortunately,
&gt;&gt; yeah, if I knew what I was actually
looking for, but I I just appreciate
that I can say find me a whatever along
my route and it will suggest ones that
are ahead of me. It knows my route that
and it'll tell well this will add four
minutes to your total journey not
counting however long it takes at the
place of course but uh that's a good way
that was always my frustration with
navigation since the beginning is I
don't care if there's a Starbucks or
&gt;&gt; that well first of all you got to type
it in and it goes great there's one two
miles away behind you
&gt;&gt; once in along your destination yeah
that's the most important thing
&gt;&gt; along my you know where I'm going yes
but I don't there. And I think the next
thing we might see before we get to
vehicle controls is uh app integration
where I can say make me a playlist of
covers of Rolling Stone songs
&gt;&gt; and it'll just populate my Spotify or my
YouTube music or whatever it may be. And
because I'll tell you the if I'm
driving, I can't look away to plan my
own playlist. So, an LLM in the car is
useful, of course, but I still keep
saying that it's just an LLM, which
we're all pretty used to already on your
phone and so forth. This is I want to
see controlling the car. I hope that
that comes sooner, and it sounds like it
might. And some people are saying
though, you need a higher uh more
inference chips. You maybe the V V um
hardware AI 5 needs to be there first.
I'm not so sure. I'm not so sure. have I
have to dig closer into that but that's
the concern some people have
&gt;&gt; who knows and it software can get
lighter and lighter over time uh you can
optimize but who knows there
&gt;&gt; is a new feature uh called virtual cube
so when you're going to a Tesla
supercharger typically there's uh rarely
there's it's not usually full but in
some cases of course more Teslas are
being bought and it's getting very full
and of course now these Tesla these
superchargers allow other car cars and
not just Teslas to use them as well. So
they've introduced this thing called a
virtual queue feature allows will let
owners wait in a virtual queue when a
supercharger is full instead of having
to wait in a physical line with their
vehicle. When a driver is near a
supercharger capacity, they'll be
allowed to join the queue based on when
the vehicle joined the queue. Tesla will
manage whose turn it is to charge next.
So you'll get a a notice on your phone
saying it's your turn next. Now, they're
not disabling discharge supercharger
stall directly. So, just a message.
There's a wait list to charge. Are you
sure you want to start charging session
now? That's basically it. They're just
warning you. But hey, if you're if
you're a meanie, you can still go ahead
and cut in front of everyone else. Um,
but this is what the uh what it looks
like, I guess. So, what am I looking at
here? It's not showing me anything. This
is just normal.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, I don't see I I'm seeing normal
navigation stuff there. Uh, I think this
is a a neat feature. It relies, of
course, on the honor system. Um, the
next step after that would have to be uh
Optimus out there to physically uh get
brutal with us. And I think that's an
exciting future that I'm here for.
&gt;&gt; But no, this it's especially great
because sometimes people don't remember
who's next or don't know or you may not
have seen that that other car was
waiting over there. Uh, I've been to so
few Chargers that had weights. Um, I
don't think I've ever been to one that
didn't have an open stall when I was
driving, but I've been a passenger once
or twice when there was a line and
people just when they showed up just
looked around, made eye contact. Okay, I
think we've got this. I think the
virtual queue is helpful and I think
it's a little add-on that no other
company is doing or realistically could
do. So, might as well.
&gt;&gt; I Yeah, I've I've been to a couple times
where it is full and then you'd have to
just physically wait. I think this is
setting it up for things like robo taxi.
You need a feature in your cars that has
to decide who gets to park first and
then so the multiple robo taxis arrive.
This Tesla knows Tesla knows who came
first and they'll tell that cyber cab
gets in first and then that cyber cab
and that cyber cab. It is just all
orchestration is what Elon calls it. So
&gt;&gt; it's one more little piece of the
puzzle. Let me tell you the other pieces
of the puzzle. You know these, some
viewers may not. One is if that
station's full, your car, my car will
just route me to a different charger
either a little sooner or a little
later. Another way is if it's a high
utilization charger, if it is full, they
will uh start your idle fees at 80%. you
get to 80% real quick. If you want to go
over 80%, you got to pay a lot more
because it takes a lot longer. In the
time you could get to 100, they might
have been able to move two or three cars
through there to 80%. Uh, so they have
smart management in a number of ways.
And of course, just having faster
charging also helps, but getting getting
you around a traffic jam is better than
getting you through a traffic jam. This
is the kind of features that every robo
taxi company has to build. Good thing
that Tesla owns the superchargers. Good
thing that they already have this system
built a long time ago. Uh features like
you're talking about where as you're
headed towards it, you're being told the
car knows what's going on where you're
headed and they already built that long
time ago. So, they're just adding new
features. Uh quick one here, small one.
When you are using FSD and with FSD
version 14.3.2, two, there's a new popup
when you disengage and it looks like
that somebody said, "Hey, can you add
navigation?" So, yeah, Yantasai said,
"Sure, noted." And they added it. So, it
looks like that they're still asking
people what the disengagement is. The
disengagement reason is very important
for them still, which means that they're
still using the data coming from FSC
users to help them figure out to solve
these edge cases. Someone had even
suggested I want one more box that just
says pothole. Uh
&gt;&gt; yes.
&gt;&gt; I mean I guess that's is that
preference? Is that discomfort? Is it
critical? I don't know. It's a pothole.
&gt;&gt; It's could be. It could be all three. It
could be all three. But I think the
pothole is being solved in the next
version. I think they already said that
the next release it
&gt;&gt; Yeah. 1422 whatever five uh does a lot
of dodging. It'll see some dark spot on
the pavement and kind of wiggle around
it a little bit
&gt;&gt; because it's not sure. I mean, is that a
pothole? Is it an obstacle? Is it a line
of sealant like tar that they may have
put down on the pavement? Could be any
of those things or just not drive
through it. Even if it's just tar, do
you want that on your tire? Maybe not.
So, yeah, they're getting it sorted.
Since we're talking about features and
apps, uh here is a new latest feature is
Elon's X app is apparently going to turn
on X Money and it's on its way to
becoming his super app, which is uh the
Everything app. So, it's a banking and
payments platform that will offer
features such as 3% cash back on
eligible purchases, great. A 6% interest
rate, that's fantastic, and free
peer-to-peer transfers. when you launch
with that, if that's true, that's the
way it works, you're going to get a lot
of money people. I think you can put in
I don't is it 150,000 max that people
will put in. I I don't know what the
number is, but uh you'll put in money
into this savings account and you're
going to get 6% cash back, sorry, 6%
interest rates and 3% cash back on
eligible purchase. I wonder how I hope
it's everything
transfers
&gt;&gt; on those launch startup kind of banks.
It is very common to have a very high
introductory rate. Uh I think T-Mobile's
was three or 4% back when interest rates
were about zero,
&gt;&gt; but it's typically only on like the
first $,000.
It's to get the number of uh of you know
depositors high uh because they can't
afford to pay 6% on millions of dollars
that uh would drive you out of business
very quickly. And you don't need to. You
just need people to open and use an
account. That's more the using the
account is more important than a large
deposit.
&gt;&gt; I hope you're wrong. Uh but it makes
sense. The logic you just gave makes a
lot of sense. I hope that it's not just
introductory uh or one or two years and
that it sounds like you know how Elon is
right. He's trying to think first
principles about money and where
financial services are like if you can
keep a 6% savings rate interest rate
savings rates like forever. What's you
know what where does he make his money
elsewhere right? He's not he's not
trying to make the money the way banks
do it. Maybe. We'll see. I hope so. I
hope that that's the case. You know, the
nickel and dimming on transfers. How
come it's not automatic? They're going
to introduce crypto, some sort of crypto
technology. We'll see. I hope so. But
that's how you completely upend the
game. So, this is not available. It
requires a license from all 50 states,
but apparently it's only they only X has
only received licenses in 44 states. for
example, Washington State is not one.
I'm not going to be able to use this.
So,
&gt;&gt; it's wild
&gt;&gt; as far as I know. But it's it's I think
they made the decision they're going to
go forward and launch this now
regardless of the fact that it's only in
44 states, not all all states.
&gt;&gt; That's so strange because, you know,
your credit card company only operates
in one state and yet you can have the
card anywhere. So, I don't know. Feels
like uh there's a whole lot of hurdles
that shouldn't be there.
&gt;&gt; Which of these features do you think uh
is going to go viral, Brian?
&gt;&gt; Boy, I tell you, Smart Summon is already
going viral. If we get banished, that
would definitely do the trick. I'd say
that uh Grock, we're starting to see
uh I don't know, normies figure out that
it exists. people like that uh reporter
in the passenger seat who couldn't
believe what what was going on even
though it was frankly a bit of a party
trick. I think things like uh the Grock
moment we saw taking the scenic route I
think that could be wonderful. I think
that could be viral. I think people
should go out and do that. I think uh
you and I should go out and do that.
Find a route that we usually take and
say no take me take me a scenic way
instead. And I think that would be
potentially a lot of fun. What do you
think?
&gt;&gt; Yeah, I I think that u for the longest
time banish and summon only because
people can physically see it in a in a
parking lot. They're walking around,
they look in the car and they go,
there's no one there and the car is
driving itself. That will do something.
The but the part that I'm most excited
about is when Grock is becomes agentic
and it's in the car and the car becomes
a has a personality.
true agentic like the ones that we're
playing with right now on a computer. It
knows who you are, knows everything
about you. It talks to you. It has
funny. It has a conversation. It It
truly is, you know, back to the kit,
right? Where it's alive. This car is
alive, physically alive. It's got a
name. It's got a personality.
And it's doing things for you beyond
just talking to it and giving answers
back. It's got to go beyond just LLM
kind of stuff. It's got to be control
things. I did a whole show where I uh
there's so many things like for example
you say hey uh I'm very hungry uh can
you go and get or make order my thing
from McDonald's whatever Starbucks
&gt;&gt; car drives itself out of the garage goes
to the drive-thru speaks directly to the
person
&gt;&gt; oh
&gt;&gt; sees that the you know the person puts
the food in whatever I don't know how
that works I don't know how that works
maybe I'm making
&gt;&gt; the
Just chuck it in. It's okay. Yeah. I
don't know how they do that part, but
you know, if theoretically could do this
and then it'll like pay for it and pays
for it and then comes back with the
food.
&gt;&gt; It could literally say, uh, pull around
to, you know, holding spot four because
McDonald's, I think, has numbered spots.
&gt;&gt; They do that.
&gt;&gt; There are a bunch of ways to do that. By
the way, if you want to see an episode
of Nightrider, you can see it on a very
big screen at the Tesla diner. It's one
of the things they have playing in
rotation.
&gt;&gt; And if you want to go viral, my friends,
I'll just give you this one because my
dogs won't cooperate. Combine pet mode
and summon. Put your dog in the car,
keep them nice and cool, and when it's
time to get out of there, uh, put the
windows vent to vent mode so people can
hear the yappen and have the dog drive
the car up to your location. That, my
friends,
&gt;&gt; the dog driving the car.
&gt;&gt; Dog's driving. Dog's driving.
&gt;&gt; That's more viral. That's where my old
nobody in the car help you people. Yeah.
So, I'd have done it myself. My dogs do
not play those games. So,
&gt;&gt; we'll cooperate with you. Thank you so
much, Brian. That was fun. Appreciate
you. Follow him on his uh YouTube
channel, Futurazza. Thanks.
&gt;&gt; I've created a website that is the most
comprehensive resource for the Tesla
investor. Please check it out. Simply go
to my website at herbert.com.