Channel:     cernbasher
Title:       What The Market Missed On SpaceX's Earnings Call
URL:         https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=38HWSMZaObQ
Published:   2026-08-07 10:00 UTC
Fetched:     2026-08-07 11:00 UTC

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Anybody
can be CEO and command a company's worth
of robots. The thing is so damn big that
the really the only way to move it is to
fly it. We still have 72% or $6 billion
per month of revenue that's been
unannounced. I mean, we're entering an
age where there's unlimited need for
intelligence. The big game Star Dar
mine, the platform that makes that worth
is Starship. If it's 10 gawatt by the
end of next year or the mid of 2028,
you're potentially looking in on that.
Star link becomes the back paw for the
data. I think the devices right in front
of us staring right back at us. It's
called Optimus. Having Optimus in your
home is a substitute for going to a
restaurant. We are disappearing into the
network. Starlink will deliver a
majority of the world's internet.
&gt;&gt; Hey Phil, how you doing? It's been 3
weeks since we last talk. Yeah.
&gt;&gt; But I'm glad we waited a week because
some we had some interesting events
yesterday that I think are worth talking
about today.
&gt;&gt; For sure.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; But first of all, how was your how was
your vacation? It
&gt;&gt; was awesome. I mean, I sat on the beach
for two weeks. Kind of like what I would
do if I retired. Oh, yeah. I sort of am
retired.
Yeah. My my I grew up in an amazing
place in coastal New Jersey. People
might say, "I don't know what that could
possibly be like, but it's quite
idyllic, actually." And my parents still
live there. They have a beautiful home,
and my brother lives about a mile away
from them, and also has a beautiful
home. And uh so I've been going there
since since I lived there. You know, I
go over there every summer. My kids, my
wife, my kids show up there. And
sometimes I stay longer than them. And
this time I did a little bit longer.
Uh, and as people that saw our show
what, two, three weeks ago, I happily
hauled a Starlink to the beach. Starlink
Mini, which is the damn coolest thing I
ever really neat. Uh, I was saying to
you a minute ago how like it was such a
novelty to do it, just kind of
whimsical, you know, haul to the beach,
see what that's like.
And then the beach got busy on a
Saturday and the cell service went to
nothing and I was trying to listen to a
podcast and so I pulled it out of my
backpack, turned it on and you have a
little battery, a pretty sizable I mean
a little but sizable battery that keeps
it going for uh four and a half hours.
&gt;&gt; Pretty you probably could have sold uh
some some some excess. Yeah, you could
have you could have paid for that. I
would do very well at selling Starling
like if I like because I got in the
conversations with people about it for
sure.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; Um Oh, I forgot to mention the most
amazing not amazing but just kind of fun
story. I was talking to a gentleman down
by the water. You know, we are both have
our feet in the ocean and we were
talking and then someone came up and
said, "Are you Phil Bisel? I recognize
you from the show."
&gt;&gt; Nice. I'm like, what? Like, how's that
possible? Uh, yeah, me and my kids watch
it all the time. My two sons, you know,
I love you guys. I'm like, oh, cool.
&gt;&gt; That's that's really cool. Those are
cool moments when that happens. Um,
&gt;&gt; yeah.
&gt;&gt; So,
&gt;&gt; awesome. Well, we've got a lot to talk
about, so let's get right into it. We've
got uh SpaceX had their first uh
quarterly earnings call as a public
company yesterday
&gt;&gt; and you and I uh got dressed up to
analyze the the financials. So, we're
going to talk a little bit about that
today. Not so much the financials, but
just the call itself and what we
learned. Uh, of course, none of this is
financial or investment advice, tax or
legal advice. So, you're just two guys
talking on the internet.
Here's uh kind of a just a snapshot of
of the quarter. The blue numbers are
revenue and we've got the three business
units there starting on the left and on
the right side is the total. So we've
got uh revenue from the space division
of just under a billion dollars. We've
got revenue from the um connectivity uh
division at 4.3 4.2 billion
uh Starlink,
&gt;&gt; right? All right. And then revenue from
AI of about $2.5 billion.
The salmon colors, the red reddish color
there is the operating income. And so
for the space division, a loss of about
half a billion. No surprise there.
&gt;&gt; Mhm.
&gt;&gt; On the connectivity side, uh 1.66
billion of operating income. And then on
the AI side, a loss of about 1.2. M
&gt;&gt; then we have the adjusted IBIDA which
the biggest thing here is adjusting for
depreciation charges
and the significant difference here is
on the AI side where you've got
operating loss of 1.2 billion goes to
adjusted EBIT dove a positive 1.15
billion
&gt;&gt; um and then from a total company
perspective uh 7.8 28 billion in the
quarter. Uh operating income slight
negative and adjusted 3.5 billion. So
pretty solid. And then overlaid on all
this is the capex for each of the three
business units. And of course uh you
know the space division is spending
money on building Starship and designing
that and so on. The uh Starlink division
is also spending money. But the big
outlier in terms of capex is what we see
on the AI side at 15.8 8 billion in one
quarter.
&gt;&gt; Uh, and people were freaking out about
how much Tesla's spending, right?
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; But total companywide uh, capex uh, 18.3
billion. And then here's the same chart
just for the first half of the year just
to show that uh, similar in terms of
sort of the magnitude or the shape of
these numbers. So just quick thoughts on
that, Phil, before we go to the next
part.
&gt;&gt; I'm a bit curious. I mean I think um a
bit curious about what is in that larger
bucket of capex when they talk about you
know the AI division is data center
builds does that include anything going
into um terra fab yet?
&gt;&gt; Good question. I doubt that there's much
going into terapab at this point.
&gt;&gt; Yeah
&gt;&gt; Tesla's handling the is my understanding
the advanced technology fab on their
campus.
&gt;&gt; That's on their property.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Now SpaceX, I suppose, would have
acquired land and, you know, Grimes
County. I think that's moving forward.
&gt;&gt; I'm just wondering if they've done any
prepays on any kind of equipment
contracts or, you know, stuff like stuff
that would we don't know about the big
stuff. There's a lot of big stuff that
has to come in there beyond the the
building.
&gt;&gt; Well, there would be perhaps some deals
or contracts with with with ASML.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. And there's
&gt;&gt; to make sure they get what they need.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Good good question. We we don't
know yet.
&gt;&gt; I mean, I think the the interesting
thing was what uh their CFO Brett said
about the capex, you know, he basically
said not all capex is the same.
And he specifically referred to the
capex in this larger bucket where
they're seeing a very immediate like he
said within a year return on investment.
He said that you can almost bucket it as
COGS.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, we're gonna get into that in a
minute. That's actually really really
interesting. I think that's one of for
me one of the fascinating parts about
this call. Uh so before we get there,
Phil, let's go over just a couple other
things in terms of Starship. Um Elon
talked about possibly catching the ship
as soon as the next flight.
&gt;&gt; That's awesome.
&gt;&gt; And I think many people thought it might
be a couple flights away, but he's
saying the next one potentially.
Uh which be exciting. And they're
looking to catch the second stage. Um I
guess yeah catch first and second stage
of Starlink version 3 this year possibly
catch the ship as soon as next flight.
Um and then he talks about how much you
know mass orbit they're sending up and
that they're going to deliver 80 to 90%
of the total earth mass orbit this year
with Falcon.
Um and that's about 2500 tons.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; And then he he goes on and talks about
sort of what their objectives are a
little bit longer term. Um and he says
we go from 2500 tons a year to a million
potentially 10 million tons per year.
And he says it's really a ridiculously
profound difference. Um but that is our
plan and I think we can achieve our
plan. He says what I did here was uh
just kind of visually show it. And Elon
was saying on the call that if you if
you map out you know what is currently
put up in in orbit against these numbers
you can't really even see the line. Now
what I did is I put a yellow border
around the the box to make it even
bigger. You can barely see it line.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; But barely, you know. Um so this is this
is the kind of aspiration they have for
for growth. I mean come on you know we
what what is the one simple thing you
can say about Elon? Everything the next
thing is always an order of magnitude or
more right? It's always thought in those
terms. It's never 2x. it's got to be a
minimum of 10x or 100x etc. Um, but I
think the uh interesting thing is I mean
it's it's extremely clear that you watch
flight 13
that the tiles are solid.
I think he's basically said that you
know they that's a problem that's pretty
much solved minus minus some data. the
ship had very limited damage and they
pushed uh they pushed it hard, you know,
the much greater um velocity off the pad
or something. I don't know how they
characterize it, but um
so yeah, why wouldn't they catch it? I
mean, I also, if you look at some of the
secondary footage that they posted the
day later, they showed incredible
control of Starship in terms of getting
it to the landing point.
&gt;&gt; Mhm.
&gt;&gt; And some people said, "Oh, that's so,
you know, there's so much there was so
much dynamics in that, you know, it
would tower catch my" But my observation
is no, I don't think that's the way to
look at it at all. The way to look at it
is if they could feather it down, you
know, with a little bit greater degree
of precision at a higher altitude that
they would have that level of control
closer to the tower.
So, it seems to me that that damn thing
is, you know, as controllable or close
there to Falcon.
Um,
that's a big deal.
It's funny when you see the Falcon Heavy
boosters land and the the speed at which
they're h hurtling towards Earth, you
can't possibly think that they're going
to slow down in time and yet they do
perfectly.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; Right. So, same sort of thing here. I
think that if we sort of think about it
as a human controlling it and if if
you're controlling it as a human, you
would slow it down much quicker because
you just can't handle that kind of
deceleration.
&gt;&gt; Right.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. But when it's when it's automatic,
when it's autonomous, it it doesn't
matter.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; I mean, they flight 13 except for
uh I guess you could say except for
booster, you know, the rest of the
mission was a great success. I think
they're towing the thing.
Starship
feathered itself onto the ocean bed and
then, you know, basically or I think
they're towing it. I don't know where
they're towing it, by the way. But I'd
imagine they'd be towing it back to
Perth that that's where they they
started from. It's quite a journey out
to the Indian Ocean location.
&gt;&gt; It's a journey there. I So I felt like I
I thought that they would bring one of
those extreme cargo ships and hoist it
onto the cargo ship and I did some
research on that and said, "Yeah, there
there are ships like that available that
could bring
um probably something. I forget how I
think the thing is about 170 ft long.
could be wrong, but um and they could
possibly bed the thing and then, you
know, move it back to Star Base,
but towing it's a whole I mean, you
don't I don't think it you're not going
to tow it from there back to Star.
&gt;&gt; No,
no, my I imagine that they would try to
get it back to port somewhere, examine
the the tiles, do that work.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. I mean, there's
&gt;&gt; And then from there, figure out where
they're going to put it,
&gt;&gt; right? There's a bunch of things that
they can I mean the the funniest thing
about Starship and we've had this
conversation in the past is that you
know the thing is so damn big that the
really the only way to move it is to fly
it on natively like the way it is
intended to fly. I mean, you know, you
recall back in the day that they would
uh potentially launch the space shuttle
from
um Canaveral and then they would land in
Edwards Air Force Base in California and
then they would shuttle it back on the
top of a 747,
which seemed insane. like I can't
believe that that actually occurred. But
uh I I don't think that Starship is
candidate for anything like that other
than moving on its own.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; So, but hey, that mission was successful
and I think Elon's pressing hard to make
more forward progress because uh
honestly the I mean as much as I I don't
know. I'm like always of two minds about
that stuff. I'm like, I see a mission
and I and I and I go, "Wow, it's only
been this amount of time, it seems,
between 12 and 13." And I think about
all the stuff that must happen
and how many hours these guys, you know,
are are pressing to get the next, you
know, I think the thing about Elon is
he's not
he's not just demoing a product here.
he's building he's they're rapidly
improving iterating
&gt;&gt; the platform and and in doing so that
means
tons and tons of changes.
So
yeah, I mean I feel like um you know how
people are like so worried about all
these insiders selling their stock. I
don't think SpaceX people have enough
time to get online.
Anybody that I've talked to that's been
a SpaceX holder for years is not
interested in parting with any of their
shares.
So, I don't know where this narrative is
coming from that
&gt;&gt; I know we're gonna find out. We're going
to find out in the volume tomorrow or
so, right?
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; Um Yeah, I don't I'm not too worried
about it all. In fact, I think it may
surprise people how little little
selling pressure there is.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. The other thing I thought that was
interesting too from his comments was he
says it's not out of the question but at
some point Starlink will deliver a
majority of the world's internet at
least in countries where we're allowed
to operate and he says you know it's not
like the infinity future that'll happen
it's like around he said less than 10
years
um and I think that's something that's
going to surprise people at some point
in the next let's say five five to 10
years
&gt;&gt; just how much of the internet traffic is
is going through Starlink
&gt;&gt; yeah recall he made a really good
comment about the early days of Starlink
and how commercial customers couldn't
necessarily rely on it because of spotty
coverage which really meant that they
just didn't have enough satellites in
orbit and now that they do
&gt;&gt; areas where they cover it
&gt;&gt; they have complete coverage you know 247
so I mean I think the thing that's
interesting about Starlink is I don't
think people realize
how dramatic the technology techology of
moving data through RF signal progresses
over the years. You know, I mean, if you
think about how much traffic is carried
today over cellular towers
versus 10 years and then 20 years ago,
&gt;&gt; um, so we have this idea in our brains
that the way data moves is on cable. You
know, maybe it's Fiverr, maybe it's
coax on last mile or our cable
companies. But the truth is the
technology is changing advancing so
quickly that we can we companies that
are involved in this can pack so many
more hits in the carriers. It's quite
dramatic improvement and I I suspect
that when you look at the difference
between
uh Starling V2 mini satellites
and the proposed V3s. Now remember
with the um Starship mission or yes
Starship 13 they launched you know 20
odd
true V3 satellites. Now those were it
didn't achieve u
proper orbit for insertion last long but
they they deployed their solar panels
they they joined the network
and they happily fell and burned up in
the atmosphere but the point is that
those things uh I forget the numbers are
a massive increase over V2 in terms of
I think if I'm right it's like
10x or 20x down link bandwidth increase
uh and they and they've changed the
scope of the up link as well. So, you
know, it's this stuff changes very
quickly. They have
they clearly clearly know their game now
and they're progressing wireless
technology
rapidly. So, I it's a very believable
statement.
Yep.
Now, one thing that I think was just
kind of staggering from the call is on
the AI compute side.
Um, you know, it says in addition, of
course, we're providing compute to
others and we are building and deploying
compute I think faster
or our rate of growth certainly as fast
as anyone else and our efficiency of
compute deployment I think is also the
highest. So we expect to end this year
with over two gigawatts of compute and
probably our cumulative compute online
by the end of next year will be several
times higher. So it may let's say be
closer to 10 gawatts of compute than 5
gawatt of compute. That's the way to
think about it.
&gt;&gt; So if you look at this and you say well
okay if they're going to get to 10
roughly 10 let's say 8 to 10 we've got
Colossus at 340 megawatt colossus one
colossus 2 at almost a gigawatt. We've
got macro harder at 350. We got mini
hard now at 350.
We've got still 8 gigawatts of compute
that we don't know where that's going to
go just yet.
&gt;&gt; And yet they're telling us by the end of
2027,
&gt;&gt; I mean, it's staggering the amount that
gray area is yet to be built.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; Unbelievable.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Yeah.
&gt;&gt; And then Elon actually goes on later in
the call and he talks about um you know
getting to 15 to 20
uh gigawatts uh of of of power. Um
&gt;&gt; it should be said he's talking
terrestrial stuff here.
&gt;&gt; Yes.
&gt;&gt; You know I mean we're not even in the
star mine bucket.
&gt;&gt; No.
&gt;&gt; Not even not even that's not even part
of it. And so I think a lot of people
are focused on, oh, the opportunity for
SpaceX is so far out, they got to
develop Starship first. And it's like,
no, here's the opportunity here now. Um,
and it's pretty staggering. And the the
Sorry, go ahead, Phil. No, no. I was
going to say what what was very
impressive to me was when they started
talking about
this potential, you know, what I'll call
uh
first version prototype
with our friends
at Nvidia,
&gt;&gt; right?
&gt;&gt; And what did they say or what did he
say? I'm not sure who said it exactly,
but um that in fact the tech stack, you
know, kind of like the pod, the
development of the thing that would be
the core of the
uh Starmine satellite is essentially
a version of that would be the ground
deployable unit.
So they're taking um this incredibly
like in other words I think what Elon's
doing here is he's saying um you know
it's going back to what happened with
DOA right if we go back to DOA we
realize that Doge wasn't just a chip it
was a computer a computer architecture
and as they start to look at what they
want to do with Star Mind well they have
to package that in a very particular way
for the deployment in space right
But smartly, they're basically double
duty that packaging and they're saying,
"Well, there's a difference in space. We
radiate the heat, but and obviously we
have to cool the unit a different way in
the data center." But if that's his
modular approach, he's basically just
showing I've got a terrestrial version,
I've got a spacebased version.
Today, that platform would be Nvidia.
Tomorrow, it would be on the um you
know, the D3 chip or whatever whatever
he calls that. the the the one that
would be produced by Terra.
I mean, it's an extraordinary way of
thinking about the problem and just sort
of a very elong way of thinking about
like we want to use the same text. I
believe that if that is the case that
when we see deployment on the edge at
the superchargers is the same.
&gt;&gt; Good point.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Why not?
&gt;&gt; Right. It's like two terrestrial
versions, one space version.
some different dynamics on on cooling
and power inputs.
Um, first gen Nvidia chips, second gen
uh SpaceX, you know, Tesla chips.
Wow.
&gt;&gt; Mhm.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; Good for Nvidia, good for SpaceX.
uh Nvidia must be happy because not only
do you have those customers buying tons
of you know trips from them but actually
deploying them rapidly in a way that no
one else can match at this point.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. And I what a what a good
relationship too because
um if you're Nvidia, you want the
customer that
I mean it's not just that you want the
customer to turn over the cash for the
product for you which is really
something that Tesla and SpaceX or you
know in the Elon econ uh Musconomy that
you know they do I mean he's the
probably most favored customer of Nvidia
but you also want the product used
and so you if you bought it and you
stuck it in a warehouse
or you had to make a forward commitment
on it, you know, contractually or
something because Nvidia starts to
demand that because they're like, "Well,
you're not going to cancel orders on us.
Screw you." You know, uh, you cancel the
order, we still take your money. But I
think it's it's a beautiful thing and
and Alon says, "Hey, I've made good on
my promises in the past to buy and use
your chips on a very immediate basis."
And I think, you know, that track record
makes Jensen very happy and makes him
eager and Jensen wants to participate
because at some point he wants to get
his um I mean his his plan has to be I
want those chips
in space
on the SpaceX platform and I want them
to be on the SpaceX uh you know
terrestrial platform because I don't
want to get locked out of that
eventually. And if I if I I will learn
through that process
and I will build better chips. And if I
build better chips, maybe Elon will be,
you know, delayed in his ability to
produce. And um so I mean Jensen doesn't
take it as a
what am I trying to say? Jensen doesn't
take this as like, oh, I'm the only game
in town. You know, I think he just says
I mean what a great relationship. You
have a great customer. David Gate, a
great producer. Um, very symbiotic and
and as we've discussed, you know, in the
past, there's no shortage of need for
these chips.
So,
&gt;&gt; everything that Jensen makes will be
consumed and everything that Elon makes
will be consumed and more.
&gt;&gt; It's nice, too, because it sort of
relieves the pressure a little bit on
Elon to do everything. Now, he still may
you know, with Terrafab, you you still
get to that point ultimately with the
scale he's talking about, but in the
near term, having a company like Nvidia
squarely on your side and perhaps
prioritizing your orders is huge.
&gt;&gt; I think that's the key is prioritizing
his orders. So, he's made these great
commitments to them. They send him the
chips. He puts up the data center. He
sells that data center back to the other
people who couldn't afford to make that
order or couldn't get that order in
priority queue because they don't have a
buildout scheduled.
&gt;&gt; They can't build as fast as Elon's
building.
&gt;&gt; I mean, it's a it's a funny little world
here, right? I mean,
&gt;&gt; you've got
&gt;&gt; imagine imagine you were pushing I mean,
we've said it before. I think the most
ironic and bizarre thing of all is that
Open AAI will ultimately be a SpaceX
customer.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. I mean, I don't know if Elon will
accept that, but I but my point is I
think Open AI will actually have to come
crawling to them because they won't
they'll run out of compute.
&gt;&gt; So, that should be interesting.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Well, the other thing that's
interesting too and this really caught
my eye is this is this uh announcement
or statement that they are on a
trajectory to um this including
contribution from cursor to reach 100
billion of annualized recurring revenue
uh run rate by the end of this year.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; Um
which is staggering. And so when you
look at that here's here's what we know
so far. Um, of that amount we have
Anthropic that accounts for 15% at 1.25
billion a month.
&gt;&gt; Alphabet at almost a billion that's 11%
and Reflection AI of 150 million a month
that's 2%. We still have 72% or $6
billion per month of revenue
that's been unannounced.
And by the way, uh Elon's comments on
this, he said, "To be clear, the 100
billion AR in December is not a question
mark. That's what we would achieve if we
basically did nothing,
&gt;&gt; right?
&gt;&gt; It's already it's already on the books
and by December it'll be flowing.
Pretty amazing. I mean, you got
basically two things that are the boat
anchors on this thing. You've got the
capex worry macro thing that is going
through the you know it's like to me
it's like um the whole capex thing is a
funny thing because I think everybody is
basically doing this now. They're saying
um well there's some other financial
instruments that might yield better
return on my capital in the near term.
So, I'm going to swap out of these
difficult to see the future
capex spenders and
I'm and and by the way, I'm going to
throw the baby out with the bathwater
with SpaceX because then they're
thinking to themselves, oh, SpaceX is
just one of those.
&gt;&gt; And I don't think it's quite the same
thing.
Um,
I mean, if you if you spend money and
you can get a return on your investment
in a year's time frame and you can, like
the CFO said, practically book it as
cost of goods.
um that's a different relationship with
the use of that capital than
this um projected use of frontier models
by you know open AI or whoever right
so I I don't know to me it's it's a
different game and I think that
structurally
if if it wasn't for the lockup overhang
and the current sentiment on
capex
the stock would have been up
you know, as much as it went down.
&gt;&gt; So, let's drill into this a little bit
more because this is something I think
is really fascinating and completely
misunderstood.
So, here's what Brad Johnson said on the
call.
Okay. He says all capex is not the same.
&gt;&gt; Mhm.
&gt;&gt; What we're seeing right now is a
situation where we're able to deploy
specifically on the AI compute side,
we're able to deploy capital in such a
way that we're getting less than a
one-year payback,
&gt;&gt; right? It's almost like your capital's
becoming almost an item that you put
otherwise in cost of goods sold because
moving so quickly and as far as
monetization and moving into revenue.
&gt;&gt; Yeah,
&gt;&gt; that's different I would say
historically on the SpaceX level where
we're building assets going to benefit
us from launch sites for the next couple
of decades, right? Much longer term
capital investment. So when you think
about this,
we're talking about two different types
of capex here. the traditional kind
where it's launch sites and factories
and test facilities and ground stations
and all that infrastructure for space
which if you build it that's a
competitive advantage no one can touch
you because you you've built this
infrastructure that no one has fantastic
and SpaceX is doing that
but this is this is a new beast and I
think that the stock market hasn't yet
fully wrapped its mind around this
&gt;&gt; no they're just you know they're
shooting first asking questions later in
this mode of
&gt;&gt; like in a way Brett said something
amazing here but he also in some weird
weird way misread the room because
you know people are like looking at this
capex that flows into the AI side and
they're a bit more dubious because
they're looking at the big bets by all
the other hyperscalers and they're
getting you know as I said I think you
know if there's other places to put your
capital in the short term that yield
something more um more useful in terms
of return. Um and you look at these kind
of future points and you're like you're
not really sure um and you know these
things go in waves. So uh what will
happen when there's some other changer
changes in the broader economic
situation. I think you'll see people
come right back to this and then all of
a sudden it'll be clear that this
payback
is exactly how he characterizes.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Imagine for a second that you had
an opportunity to invest in a real
estate project.
Okay, we'll call that real estate
project AI data center.
&gt;&gt; And you later discover that your
investment has
you've returned you've received a return
on your investment in let's say nine
months.
&gt;&gt; Yep.
&gt;&gt; It would be staggering. You would be
like sign me up. I want to do more and
more and more of these.
&gt;&gt; Do two of those.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Now what's interesting from the
company perspective is this kind of
becomes like self-liquidating capital
right the the investment generates the
cash needed to cover its own costs
&gt;&gt; right
&gt;&gt; in less than a year
I mean it's at that point it's not even
a capital good really I mean it's right
and that's why he's characterizing it in
this way
&gt;&gt; I know it's a really interesting thing
when you start to think about the return
and the depreciation thereof, too. It's
&gt;&gt; Yeah,
&gt;&gt; it's it's totally bizarre. And the
depreciation hurts your earnings, but
it's a non-cash charge, but the cash is
coming back in less than a year. So,
&gt;&gt; cash the cash is there.
&gt;&gt; The cash is there.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; Right. It's almost like you're able to
recycle capital rather than deploy it. I
mean, this isn't this will get
discovered and we'll be looking back at
this and we'll
probably be in love with the $110 price
today of SpaceX stock, you know. Well, I
mean I think the broader issue with
the big, you know, and it comes back to
Tesla is that this is a very
unique time in the history of
I don't know tech change and uh and and
and such as such there's a lot of
physical realities to it meaning you got
to spend money to make money
and you people. I mean, there's plenty
of people understand it. They just don't
necessarily want to be part of it yet.
And there's
they're uncomfortable with the delay for
sure. You know, like you see like you go
back to Tesla, you see all these cyber
capsing in parking lots and you think
when does that happen? You know, should
have happened.
&gt;&gt; And then you think about the same thing
on the SpaceX side. And it and it's
funny because it's like the same damn
playbook. If you get out, if you zoom
the hell out and you'll realize what's
going on here,
uh, you know, Elon,
I think he's shown over the years that
he's a really good capital elevator. And
as such, you know, people what what I
mean there was an article in
Baron's online or some that I
posted on today where they're like, "Has
Elon lost his magic touch with capital
allocation?" Because suddenly,
&gt;&gt; and I'm thinking to myself, no, maybe
you should reverse the article. The way
you should look at it is if you believe
that he had the magic touch,
then maybe you should believe that he's
pushing magic in a different direction.
He's just lining up a bigger future. I
mean, that's the way I read that thing.
&gt;&gt; I mean, if you think about it this way,
let's say you normally invested in a
capital project and it would take 10
years to get a payback.
&gt;&gt; And a lot of companies do that.
&gt;&gt; And then you discover that you can
invest in a capital project where you
get a 5-year payback. The your board
would be like, "Let's do more of that.
I'd like that."
&gt;&gt; Right?
&gt;&gt; And then you figure out you can do it in
two and a half years. And they say,
"That's even better. Let's do more of
that."
&gt;&gt; Right?
&gt;&gt; And then the CFO comes back and says,
"Well, you know what? We figured out how
to do get our money back in 9 months.
&gt;&gt; I think some of the worry too is is it
ephemeral? Like is it sticky? Does it is
this really a thing that will
have legs on a long-term basis? But you
know that we as we discussed uh three
weeks ago or whatever the heck it was,
you know, look at those crazy charts I
produced about demand versus supply.
I mean, we're entering an age where
there's unlimited need for intelligence.
Those are all that and that's all a
bunch of matrix math and it all comes
back to a bunch of NVIDIA GPUs and
eventually GPUs or whatever their
counterpart would be called that
Terrafab produces. And it all comes back
to powering these things and data
centers. And I mean there's nothing um I
see no
other than the other there's another
fear out there. The other fear out there
is the Chinese or somebody will build a
compression of you know the efficiency
will
uh efficiency of compute will will be so
great that the demand won't be as high
as expected to which I say also
because we found
in everything that we've ever done
historically in tech the more it had the
more availability of that
people find new new demand points
um and stuff gets consumed.
&gt;&gt; I find that argument about, you know,
where's the demand going to come from?
Where's the money going to come from? Is
this cash flow to SpaceX ephemeral in
some way to be completely ridiculous as
you're pointing out? M
&gt;&gt; um as we drive the cost of AI down to
your point, we're going to have an
explosion of demand,
&gt;&gt; right?
&gt;&gt; And the companies that are positioned to
be able to supply the compute, I think,
are the big winners. The jury is still
out, I think, on whether the model
makers are going to be that attractive.
Um you know, one company may have the
smartest brain for a month and then
another company develops a even smarter
brain,
&gt;&gt; right? you know where where's the
long-term value in that? I mean it's it
your point is basically
if you're a solid builder
whether you have physical you got the
physical reality the physical good you
know that is the data center that sits
there and you can swap in you know like
if you have an um open model you know
Kimmy or whatever and you can swap I
mean that's got to it's got
efficiency may be something but that
thing's got to sit on GPUs.
&gt;&gt; Mhm.
&gt;&gt; You go and build those GPUs.
So, basically what I guess what we're
saying here is if Anthropic ain't the
one or Open AAI ain't the one and
someone else comes along, uh, you still
got to run the stuff and Elon's putting
it on, you know, building the solid
foundational hardware to do that. He's
in the best seat possible.
He's in the best place possible.
You know, I mean, he's also building
these models. Don't don't get me wrong.
We know that a lot of spend relates to
the creation. But you know what's
interesting is if you think about a lot
of the movement in what he's doing in
terms of model creation has to do to you
know it's kind of
copying the anthropic playbook which is
the highest productivity highest
I guess you could say the stuff that
people are willing to pay for is when
when it makes code you know when your AI
builds code. It's one thing to do other
productivity tasks with it because
they're not exactly clear in the minds
of all. Although it's clear to me. I
mean, if you can
if you can write code in English, you
can certainly do everything else in
English
universal coding language now, right?
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Right.
&gt;&gt; I mean,
&gt;&gt; it's interesting.
&gt;&gt; Sorry. Go ahead. Yeah. No, I was just
saying that you know after I've been
sitting working on this net P project
for a while as an exercise in learning
how these tools work and I made various
comments my new programming language is
English and people have people get that
for sure that just means that I can do
everything I want in English you know
and and and what I mean is not just
whimsical let's ask an AI silly question
type of things but serious productivity
types of activities
uh whether it's in the finance side or
design you know doing mechanical design
of some physical product
uh medicine etc etc so this stuff is uh
and and and the other thing is that
that's that is a point I'm trying to
make too is that the AIS are getting
more specialized in the ability
productivity and in in non you know like
they're not just trying to answer a
little questions at the LM level. We now
got stuff writing code. We got stuff
uh you know reading our radioraphs and
determining if people have people have
cancers or other types of you know you
know on the the revenue side you know
Elon made the comment he says you know
he says one must always consider the
limiting factor he says limiting factor
is currently memory
memory output is increasing by around
20% a year now normally that would be
fantastically fast and amazing for any
large mature industry
But he says, but ask yourself, is the
demand increasing by 20% a year?
&gt;&gt; No, the demand is increasing by 200% a
year, maybe higher.
&gt;&gt; Right?
&gt;&gt; So if you've got demand increasing as
much faster than supply, then economics
101 would suggest that the price
increases, it does not decrease. Right.
&gt;&gt; Um and speaking of that, so you know
again talking about uh the 100red
billion A in December and he says Elon
says it's probably also worth mentioning
you know just like by the way
&gt;&gt; by the way our internal projections for
reaching a trillion in revenue not a but
revenue have moved up from 2031 to 2030.
So prior to the IPO the financial
projections we had were reaching 1
trillion in revenue in 2031. Now we
expect it to be in 2030. And there's a
nonzero chance of that being in 2029.
&gt;&gt; So what I did was just kind of mapped
that out and said, "Okay, what are the
compound annual growth rates in order to
hit a trillion from 18.7 billion in
revenue in 2025?"
&gt;&gt; Interesting.
&gt;&gt; What would it have to be to get it in 20
um 31? That would be 94% per year
for 26 27 28 29 30 and 31.
94% each year over those years. If they
did it by 2030, it would be 122%
compound growth rate.
&gt;&gt; If they did it by 2029, it'd be 170%
revenue growth a year.
Absolutely staggering numbers. I don't
know any other company
that that is growing this that
potentially can grow this fast. Now,
again, this is a projection. Who knows
what what may happen? A lot of Tesla
investors, I think, listen to this and
say, "Oh, this is Elon being Elon." You
know, he said all the kinds of things
about Tesla.
&gt;&gt; He's he's just as wrong this time. And I
sort of raised the case, well, what
happens if he's not? This actually may
be a fundamentally different market. No,
I mean, he's, you know, I mean, if you
you're putting money on the game, you
probably say odds on that he's early.
Um,
but there's something, you know, ticking
in his brain. And the thing that I would
point out is
um whether he's early or not, a couple
of these
socalled shots on goal are going to hit.
Like not everything he says is going to
be but one or two things will will go
exactly down that down that down that
path. I think um I mean the one side you
could say is he didn't need to say this
but he did and that would be the you
know the optimist would put that in
their camp and say he didn't need to say
this but he did. The pessimist or people
who've gone through this sort of you
know uh Elon's version of reality
distortion field would say
he likes to get aggressive on these
things. He never it never comes true.
But we're in a different game here. We
really are. I mean, he's look with
SpaceX,
he is adopting
to a larger macro market here in a way,
right? It's not it's not terribly
insular. Like I mean, you can maybe make
that claim about Tesla, well, they sell
cars. Well, they sell electric cars and
if they disappear off the earth, you
know, the current car companies would
necessarily fill that gap.
they're they you know are they really
making
they're built they've got a new category
they can a bunch of different things
about that but
&gt;&gt; here you have a lot of people coming to
them I think that are saying we
desperately demand I mean
&gt;&gt; look I've said a couple of times that
the macro reality of SpaceX is that
they're a compute company
and
that the big game
Star Mine. The platform that makes that
worth is Star Ship.
And that's without me talking about Star
Lake, which I think is also massive and
transformative.
But all the stuff that we're talking
about in many ways is a lot of
terrestrial compute stuff, right? It's
not necessarily I don't know what part
of this that he projects in all this
revenue he puts into the
do actually let me ask you it this way
what part of this is star mind
&gt;&gt; that's a good question um in this time
frame I would imagine quite a bit of it
&gt;&gt; it has to be
&gt;&gt; but but yet with the amount of of
terrestrial compute that they want to
build
right if if it's if If it's 10 gawatt by
the end of next year or let's say mid of
2020 2028,
you're potentially looking at on that
100 to 500 to 600 billion dollars.
&gt;&gt; Right.
&gt;&gt; So that's, you know, call it halfway to
a trillion right there.
&gt;&gt; Right. Right.
&gt;&gt; And I don't think they're stopping at
building terrestrial compute after next
year. I think they'll continue to build.
So maybe very little of that trillion
actually is is stom. I mean what's
interesting too is that I you know
people people look at Star Mine as this
kind of look when it was first announced
AI data center before it had the name
Starmine
you know it was looked at kind of a pump
the stock fantasy model you know uh and
before there was a stock at least a
public company but it's like you know
and when you think about the math
involved the dem on the demand side and
so forth And then you think about okay
why why was it a fantasy to most people?
Well they they they couldn't see their
way past I think maybe two key obstac
well maybe three. One is they didn't
understand the demand side of AI
that's easy to show
even an idiot like me have built those
charts.
The second thing is they couldn't see oh
this guy who actually has deployed more
satellites than anybody by
uh orders of magnitude in size
there's no way he can build a satellite
that can put compute in it according to
some
&gt;&gt; right
&gt;&gt; and it's just ridiculous like if if he's
building if if they're launching I don't
know close to uh
100 Starlink satellites
a week, something like that. I don't
know what the number is, but I I usually
see three launches a week of Falcon
that's dedicated to Starlink, and that's
about at least 75, right?
&gt;&gt; I mean, it's like, okay, he know
Elon knows how to manufacture things at
scale. He is manufacturing satellites at
scale. Maybe not in the unprecedented
way he needs to for Star Mine, but he
certainly understands the problem
really, really well. And then you look
at Starmine, you say, "Okay, well,
what's the problem with Star Mine?"
Well, oh, I have to radiate heat off the
off these satellites. Oh, it's never
been done before. It's being
done right now with Starling satellites.
Okay, it's a little lighter weight
problem, but they're generating a lot of
heat, too. So, it's an understood
problem. He understands the dynamic. He
understands that problem really really
well. He understands the power problem.
He understands the energy in the heat
out. And then we're left with one thing
then. Okay. The third doubt
is ah he'll never get us uh Starship to
be the I mean it's required. Starship's
required platform to launch Star Mind.
He'll never get that done.
Well, I mean, I got news for you. A
couple weeks ago, while I was sitting
beach, he launched 20 satellites into,
okay, suborbital, but these are real
satellites. And so, if he could build
the version that do compute,
I don't think we're that far away.
&gt;&gt; It doesn't appear to be, does it?
&gt;&gt; No.
I mean,
&gt;&gt; yeah. Yeah. Yeah, the remaining issues
the remaining issues seem pretty minor
in comparison to to where we've come
from.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. To where they were. I mean, we
know rockets blow up. We've seen this.
We've seen the dramatic fashion. We've
seen, you know, we haven't seen a catch
of of um booster in a while. The
booster, you know, stage one. Um
but these things start to align
themselves pretty quickly. I mean, you
know, Falcon got aligned pretty quickly
once they got through a couple key
milestones and then it became a durable
reusable platform.
So, what's in the way really here? Like,
I I don't get it. I mean, there's a
look, there's a ton of hard work
and people are going to be burning the
midnight oil. That's why I made that
silly comment that they don't have time
to sell their stock. Um, but that's what
they've always done for Elon. They
burned the midnight oil. You know, they
worked the the 60-hour weeks and, you
know, when things didn't go well, it
just meant another weekend that they
were going to be sitting at Starbase,
you know, welding something else. But
this is what they do. They've done it
persistently. They they have a track
record of great success. I mean, you I I
don't know why people don't when you see
success in something, why people don't
draw a straight line and say that's who
you should bet on. the people who have
done it done it before done it at scale
the key is like you know I always come
back to that I I I say it over and over
again there's a difference between doing
something and doing something at scale
like enough so that that's why I think
we are where we are with
with robo taxi today because he's trying
to build a scale business a way business
&gt;&gt; the inclination of everybody is to say
well everybody else will catch up and
it's like well you know that that's not
an easy task just to catch up. Uh,
&gt;&gt; no, I mean, no one's Yeah, it
&gt;&gt; there pe there'll be other people in the
game,
&gt;&gt; but I think what what what Elon has
shown this incredible ability to
persistently run faster than anybody
that's trying to catch up. So,
&gt;&gt; somebody might catch him for a second,
but he's running on to the next thing
and then they're I mean, all I see from
my little world's view is that everybody
out there is
sort of using the Elon playbook. Even
the ones that don't like them very much
are are
basically, you know, everything they
respond to, everything they do is like,
"Oh, well, I need to put satellites in
space because otherwise I'm getting left
behind. I need to, you know, do this. I
need to do that." And um
&gt;&gt; Well, he's forcing them to to follow his
playbook because if they don't, they're
hopelessly
&gt;&gt; and they're not very good at doing so.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. So his competition's fairly on on
almost all these vectors that we talked
about. They're fairly weak. About the
only real competition he has is in the
actual frontier model space itself,
meaning actually the physical AI where
you know there's other people that are
are are leaders.
But uh you know I wouldn't count them
out on that at all.
&gt;&gt; No, not not at all.
So, Phil, one of the things that you
picked up on on the call was this
discussion um about the um you know,
instead of putting a cellular base
stations, you know, everywhere and
spending billions of capex, they talked
about little phento cells around the
country. Uh this is Glenn Shotwells
talking about this. He says, she says
you don't have to necessarily spend many
billions of dollars in lowband spectrum
all up front before you deploy your
system. She says, 'I don't want to talk
about this too much. And then Elon sort
of pipes up and says, 'Well, this point
is probably worth a few more words. Um,
he says, 'We reasonably confident that
we can deploy a large number of sort of
small stations essentially. They're
really just Starlink dishes that also
provide connectivity in the mobile
spectrum bands and have them be all over
the place. And the Starlink antennas are
located in and on the roofs of houses
and businesses. They've also got sort of
a clear view for providing connectivity
directly to cell phones on the ground.
Uh and in fact providing connectivity
that is we think probably better and
higher bandwidth than what is currently
available from cellular providers. This
is an important point he says and you
are one of the few that actually
listened to him and then did some
thinking about it and you've uh sort of
come up with this that yeah
&gt;&gt; the cyber cabs could be an important
part of this as well. if if you care to
explain that to us.
&gt;&gt; So, first they introduced a word to many
that people had never heard before,
phento cell. Uh that comes from micro,
you know, you got macro cells. This is
in the cellular world.
You got macro cells, you got micro
cells, you got picos cells and now
you've got phento cells which are you
know pico cells are like uh
you know 10 to the minus1 12th and the
our our friends at uh fento uh bento
cells like we're talking about
quadrillionth or 10 to the minus15th.
These numbers aren't meaningful by the
way. They're just using them as metrics
to show that it's not like power. It's
not a power metric or anything like
that. is talking about the size of this
of these things. So what what what what
they're talking about is
when you first heard about
Starlink competing with the cellular
carriers,
um you thought to yourself, well that's
crazy because you can't possibly build a
cell tower in space, right? Um but it
turns out you can.
And but
there's a lot of issues with that and
how do you get a lot of bandwidth etc.
Now now you've got your terrestrial
macro cell providers like your AT&amp;T and
not you know basically services
mobile and they've put in you know I
don't know untold billions of dollars in
in these cell towers.
So what these guys said is let's build
the proper inr run to that process and
we're going to undercut them with this
smaller model. Now these fento cell
transceiver cell mini cell towers they
exist. You can buy one. You can buy one
because you can stick it in your house
and you can basically where where you
have very limited cell coverage you can
become your own little cell carrier and
use your broadband as the back wall that
network. Okay. But I was thinking, well,
how many, you know, so essentially it's
sort of like he's saying, I want to
crowdsource bandwidth in the cellular
side. And I'm thinking, well, how many
of these things do you need?
And you need more in the more dense
areas. And you have bigger problems with
your the macro version of this which is
the cell tower in in at the satellite
level
getting down to city streets providing
cell coverage there. What do you do?
Well, I thought, hello, CyberCab,
because
Cyber Cab as we know it, they announced
last month that they're putting Starlink
terminals building them in or already
have.
&gt;&gt; Mhm.
And I'm thinking, oh my god, what if
these fenzo cells are just put on these
coincident platforms
and now you have extreme density through
the city
and you have a good spread, right? I
mean, in other words,
you have these cyber cabs. The more you
have, the more the more coverage you
have and you have them really
geographically spread out for the city
because people go everywhere. And then I
did a bit of research on, you know, can
you have a moving
cell tower? Yeah, you could. You know,
it's not like we think of cell towers as
these fixed objects. Well, guess what?
The satellites were never going to be
fixed objects. They're moving over our
head at 7 and a half kilometers a
second.
&gt;&gt; Oh, pretty fast. Yeah. If you had chance
of your cell phone connecting to some
dynamic object, I think
I this is this would be a much you've
got and by the way this is like extreme
low power version of of of same right
where you've got basically your
these phento cell
transceivers cell towers if you will are
um
you know have a range of of of 10 to 50
meters
you know 50 meters or 150 feet, you
know, it's like penetrating kind of into
the shops and the buildings and so forth
into the apartments um you know, above
the city streets when if you got you've
got these things running on um like I'm
saying is I don't think
you could create a great degree of
density of these things with Starlink
deployments, but not high density. Where
could you get the greatest density on
Tesla vehicles? And by the way, I
wouldn't limit this just cyber cap.
Certainly my Tesla and your Tesla could
be a player.
&gt;&gt; Mhm. Yeah,
it's a really cool idea.
&gt;&gt; It It's a fascinating idea. Um and you
know, it's one clearly that they need,
you know, millions and millions of them,
&gt;&gt; right?
&gt;&gt; So, the amount of power to to fill
question, you know, how much power would
the cell draw? It looks like only about
5 to 10 watts. Um, so pretty low power
demand.
&gt;&gt; So you're saying that you would need a
pretty serious density of these in order
for it to be effective.
&gt;&gt; It's about density to customer use. And
I think that the reason I brought up why
Cyber Camp popped in my brain is I was
thinking it actually has exactly the
right dynamic. You know, they are dense
where people are.
You know, they are sparse where people
aren't.
um
where people aren't and if it's really
remote, those people are probably on
Starlink themselves, you know, just in a
general sense. And therefore,
they could uh you know, could they serve
other people on a ranch in the middle of
Montana? I suppose, you know, I don't
know if you'd get a great degree of
coverage very far away from that because
again, 10 to 50 meters of, you know, in
which case most people would say, well,
if that's the case, just use Wi-Fi
locally. Um,
but it's a different dynamic, right? So,
just you got this great density in
cities where you really would have your
customers that would want to be on this
different uh cellular network. And and
by the way, before people go, that's
crazy. you know, you don't understand
cell towers, etc., etc. If I've watched
the technology change over the last 20
years in terms of miniaturaturization
that's it's like higher density data on
the on these carrier signals, you know,
in the RF um less power to do it, more
um
more more consistency,
everything's shrinking. The this is the
right approach, right? It's like he he's
looking at it from two ends. I get at
the macro I guess I have the cell tower
in the ultimate sky.
That's how I serve Montana where I don't
have d a lot of density anyway.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; So that's how I serve the ranch
customers bones in the middle of you
know
out there cowboying it or something. Um
and then at cities well maybe that's not
exactly the right scope. that I can
bento cell this um I can come at I can
squeeze the carrier who's these
monolithic um macro cells I can squeeze
them on both ends do you think it's a
situation where if you become a Starlink
customer and you get the Starlink dish
the mini or whatever it is that they
also send you a couple of them to sell
boxes and say hey by the way place these
somewhere on your property as well.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. I don't know. I think that that
that the way they would typically do
this is
I think they would just build an
integrated device just inside the dish.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. I mean there's a lot of ways to do
this. I mean
Starlink produces a router model, right?
You this little router thing, right?
when you don't want to do um I mean
mostly way people use Starlink generally
is this
on one side it's communicating the
satellites the other side it is a Wi-Fi
device right
&gt;&gt; like when I use it my car and I do now
all the time in fact my this is the
coolest thing um when I got back from
vacation I put Starling back in the car
I went somewhere
I got an alert that I had a software
download.
Uh I didn't need to get back to my Wi-Fi
in my garage to download because I was
on Wi-Fi.
&gt;&gt; The car was on Wi-Fi known as Starlink.
So it downloaded, you know. So So
basically that's the way the typical the
typical path here with Starlink is, you
know, you've got your your to the
satellite broadband connection, then
you've got your use case on on Wi-Fi.
your use case, our use case, you know,
using it. But people say, "Well, wait a
minute. I want to route through, you
know, my Ethernet backbone at my house
or my business." And so they have that
router model and and yes, yes, you could
do that. So basically the the whole
point of this is that Starlink becomes
the back hall for the the data. That's a
true statement. how they deploy, you
know, that that you look up Pento cell,
there are products out there that you
can put in your home and they look like
uh
you know, they look like your classic
Comcast router with a bit of an antenna
hanging off of it. Um, so like in a car
situation, they would bury the the rest
of the, you know, the radio can go
somewhere. The antenna goes one place,
the radio and the, you know, the rest of
that stuff can go somewhere else. It
doesn't need to be present or it doesn't
look like a cell tower hanging off your
&gt;&gt; as I showed before. It looks like an
antenna about Yink, right? That can
serve a couple customers, dozen
customers at short distance. I mean,
this is like I don't think they're going
to get there tomorrow on this plan.
Uh, and I and that's why I actually
that's the why I went I went crazy and I
went right to cyber cab because I was
thinking that's actually might be the
shortest path to get there
uh in the cities because uh you know a
lot of people by the way cities are
really
somewhat because because broadband
fiber cable they're the least
uh like I guess per capita density of of
the Starling terminals, right? So yeah,
you know, it's like the thing fits
together just right here.
&gt;&gt; Interesting. Well, speaking of fitting
together just right, I think that you
have uh come up with something that is
going to prove to be quite profound.
&gt;&gt; Um and that's this idea of this future
device. I think actually there's a lot
more to this than you realize, but why
don't you start off and share with us
what you're talking about here and we've
reserved actually quite a bit of time
basically the rest of the show to talk
about this. I think this is actually a
pretty important thing to talk about.
Yeah. So, I've been wanting to write
this article for some time and I've been
a bit out of the article business and so
I think I'm coming back into the article
business. Um I wanted to write something
I wanted I was very specific about the
title the future device and the reason
is I wanted to talk about
the technology trends on on our consumer
devices as we've moved from you know we
moved into the consumer sphere with
compute devices and the names of fixed
personal computers and then laptops and
then we moved into this whole cell phone
era and the thing that's interesting
thing about you know cell phone
everybody that that little rectangular
piece of glass and I make the the point
here it doesn't really matter whether
it's iPhone or iPhone copy which is
really kind you know the Android
universe or the analog to it um it's
it's still the same basic platform and
we are using that platform for you know
it is the dominant platform today and so
I think everybody has put their brain
into the idea of what's next something
will replace it something will replace
And I think the go-to answer for most
people is it will be a wearable. It'll
be glasses. It'll be um a small wearable
device that you heard Open AI talk
about. You know, this little AI device
on your whatever the one that Johnny IV
apparently is building or designing for
them. And you know, I think that's a
category and I think that will happen.
But I don't think that's the device. I
think the device is right in front of us
staring right back at us. It's called
optimist one.
&gt;&gt; And I kind of mean specifically
optimist. And I and what I mean by that
is I don't mean the category of humanoid
robots in general. Uh although I sort of
do. I I just think that if you look at
this from a different perspective beyond
the physical device,
you look at the ecosystem. This is where
the the Tesla
SpaceX kind of combination makes it
actually work in a way that has all the
necessary piece parts to effectively
eventually replace the sort of dominant
platform today as the mobile device.
Um the first way I expressed this was I
talked about HMI and I said you know as
as we as humans have built these tools
as much about compute as it been how we
interface with them
&gt;&gt; and HMI human machine interface.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. How we humans interface to the the
machine we built.
&gt;&gt; Y
&gt;&gt; and you know the the the early days of
that
where we didn't you know we didn't
interface with these things. They were
they were these compute devices were
specialized things with punch cards and
those are very weird interfaces, right?
Eventually we got to personal computer
era and we we did a keyboard and um and
a screen, you know, because we think
about input output.
&gt;&gt; Yep.
And then when we got into the good part
of the personal computer, we we we
brought forward the mouse, you know, and
it was each each of these phases, we
have much more direct interactivity with
with the computer we're interacting
with.
And then came along, you know, really
iPhone and multi-touch. And I and I
specifically mean because now you've got
your interaction goes,
you're not abstracted through a keyboard
or a mouse. you're actually touching the
screen.
And it's amazing how quickly people
adopted that in so much that they let
the difficult keyboard problem even
exist in that world. You know, touching
the keyboard. It's crazy, right? You
know,
&gt;&gt; most people didn't think that was going
to happen.
&gt;&gt; Yep.
&gt;&gt; So, you know, what's next in terms of
HMI? Well, it's very clear it. We have
finally got to a place with AIS that we
can interact with these types of things
through voice.
I mean we know people that are doing
program programming through the tools by
talking to
cursor groan anthropic tool set chains
you know just talking not even typing
anymore. And that's a big deal. I I I
want to point that out. couple years
ago, not a single one of us could
believe that we would be able to speak
naturally and a computer could speak
naturally back to us. That's an that's
something that was not in the cards, say
five years ago.
And now it's like a a box,
right? And it's all because of AI.
And then I said, "Okay, well, look,
we've gotten to a point where all these
technologies,
consumer device technologies,
uh, have gotten to a a higher degree of
interactivity, but guess what? They lack
something very important. They lack
agency. You know, you can talk to your
phone and ask it to do something, but
the thing it can't do is something
physical. It has no ability to do a
physical thing.
You know,
&gt;&gt; don't just sit there, do something.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, exactly.
&gt;&gt; So now there's this thing called Optimus
and
it can do everything and it can do
everything, you know, it can interact
with us through voice. It can speak to
us, we can speak to it. It's like
talking to another human effectively and
then it can it has agency like a human.
Like literally like you know we're we're
a general purpose machine. It's a
general purpose machine. It's very
specific that this thing is in fact in
humanoid form. It's not an accident.
It's not a a whimsical expression of it.
It's not trying to be a factory robot.
It's trying to be a general purpose
robot. And it's trying and why be in
humanoid form? Why not, you know, why
why be the size it is? Well, the whole
world is built for us.
You know, the whole world as we know it
is by us is built for us. And so certain
size and there are stairs and you know
so uh you know you you cook with certain
cookware that is built for human
uh abilities. I make the claim that the
next big wave in device is in fact this
thing called Optimus. And I point out
that
uh it may be in many people's minds an
absurd claim because one of the other
facets of this whole expression of
technology
is we've been shrinking the box.
We've been making it smaller and smaller
and smaller at less cost.
But that being said, there are two
reasons I believe that Optimus
um finds a path.
The first is that
there's no problem making an economic
argument about its value.
You know, it's uh it should be viewed as
an object that can do work. And we know
how to translate work into dollars that
we know. And you might think, wait a
minute, that's great. Uh, I can see
Optimus in a factory. I can see Optimus
as a barista. I can see Opimus stocking
shelves. But how do I think that I could
afford it at home?
Well,
do your budget and find out how much you
pay for
uh yard, you pay for maintenance on your
home,
how much you may pay someone to babysit
your dog.
how much you may pay a nanny, how much
you may pay someone who uh delivers
elder care in your home, maybe even for
you.
Um, and maybe for some of us, not me,
but others, you know, how much you pay
people to cook and clean. Uh,
&gt;&gt; that's right. Well, clean certainly, but
I mean like you know cook and other, you
know, like and you start to realize,
&gt;&gt; oh, well, let's just linger on the cook
point and not not let that disappear.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; A lot of people don't cook and what they
do is they go out to restaurants or get
fast food,
&gt;&gt; spend all the money there.
&gt;&gt; Spend all the money there, right?
Significant amount.
&gt;&gt; And effectively, they're just paying
that marginal cost of labor, right?
They're just they're just,
&gt;&gt; you know, they're consuming
&gt;&gt; they're not doing it themselves and
they're not, you know, um
&gt;&gt; I mean, Optimus might be the ultimate
threat to many restaurants.
&gt;&gt; It could a lot of people talk about
putting Optimus in the restaurant,
but I'm saying that having Optimus in
your home is a substitute for going to a
restaurant because why go to a
restaurant where there's robots when you
can have the robot cook for you at home?
&gt;&gt; Yeah. I mean, you know, this there there
are a couple reasons we go to
restaurants and some of it is social and
getting out. That that's fine. But to
your point, there's a lot of people
today that really don't even know how to
cook for themselves to be honest, if
you're being fair about it.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; And so you they do they run off to
restaurants and if they they don't even
look at their budget and they realize,
oh my god, look at the cost of this
stuff. or they bring restaurants to them
via Uber Eats and these models which are
extremely expensive relative to
producing that food at potentially
higher quality
uh you know all the all the net all the
all the good attributes right in your
goal. And this is actually, I think, a
really important point and not not to
take you off on a tangent here, but we
often talk about, you know, can Optimus
ride in the cyber cab and do the door
dash delivery?
&gt;&gt; And I think what we're hitting on here
is that may not be necessary if you have
Optimus in your home. There is no
delivery that needs to be done because
the Optimus is in your kitchen making
whatever you want to make,
&gt;&gt; right? And possibly making it as good
as, you know, oh, I I like Dave's hot
chicken. Okay. Well, there is a recipe
that can be made at home. The problem is
often that we know that a lot of us
fancy ourselves as fairly good at at at
being in the kitchen, but we don't
really want to extend the labor element
to make the thing as good as, you know,
we know how to make the good thing. We
just don't want to spend time making it
or cleaning up after what we made. I
know we make some really epic meals that
are like as good as restaurants or
beyond. And uh there's plenty of ways to
learn how to do that these days, but
every one of those things comes with an
uh uh an epic amount of uh shopping uh
you know, time to clean, time to
produce, and time to
&gt;&gt; and imagine that that all kind of
disappears. That's right.
&gt;&gt; Same type of epic meal uh that's at your
disposal because of this labor bot in
your home.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; Well, so so the utility value is really
up there. And now you've got this other
problem. And the other problem is, well,
the thing is, you know, 120 lbs or
whatever the the final weight is. And uh
certainly doesn't fit in my pocket like
an iPhone. So, how does that work? Well,
I think there's a a thing that comes
into play here, and I think that's where
the secret sauce is. And that is that in
my mind Optimus isn't the mind of
itself.
That that mind actually just lives in
Star Mind. Yes. Specifically Star Mind.
&gt;&gt; Uh that the entire compute service and I
know I should I should back up a step. I
get a little ahead of myself.
Um, I do mean the
the mind of Optimus more than I mean the
AI that produces the physicality, the
the the movement, the ability to
navigate the that's a local AI, right?
There's an AI5 chip sitting there. It's
doing a lot of heavy lifting and it's
probably doing a lot of um
inference work for our interaction
meaning uh uh we talk to it uses that AI
too, you know, but there is no reason in
a universe we just talked about the
dominant communications component that
SpaceX wants to deliver to the world at
every corner.
ocean seas uh you know lakes high in the
mountains
in remote areas cities. Okay. So that
what you what you now have is you have a
complete communications layer that is
omniresent. You're bathed in
communications. You're bathed in a
network. So now this Optimus isn't an
island. You know we think of our phones.
We obviously don't think of them as an
island. In fact that's the word phone.
The phone kind the phone the idea. You
know, first we did calls with them, so
they weren't really an island in that
sense, and then we expressed them
through, you know, data, right?
But we think of Optimus as kind of being
on its own as like, oh, it's going to be
a, you know, its own little edge compute
device.
But I say not, maybe, but it's mind
literally in Star Mind above the
Starlink component.
And maybe it's 100% of its mind. Maybe
it's a piece of its mind. Or maybe it's
the mind when you turn it off. The point
is like you can you can you can work an
example in your brains like well how
would I take it everywhere with me? Well
guess what Optimus can be on your phone.
So we think about these things as
phones. What I'm not saying is
just like the PC hasn't disappeared
when the phone came about. I'm also
saying the phone doesn't disappear just
because Optimus I'm not making the
argument that it's the replacement
device in that sense.
I believe that there is a digital
optimist. I believe there is a companion
device and that is just the mind of
optimist brought to this this companion
device. I think what you're saying here
though, Phil, is that the phone
survives,
&gt;&gt; but it's no longer the central,
you know, center of computing. In fact,
there's a little section said, is Elon
building a phone?
And I say, no, yes, maybe. And what I
mean by that is
what the phone becomes in this universe
is as you said a very lightweight edge
device.
&gt;&gt; It doesn't need a lot of compute. It
doesn't need an app ecosystem at all.
Really what it is is it's a comm device
and the communications it is it is
delivering
it is taking in tokens and computing
them in Star Mine and delivering them
back to the device through a conduit
called Starlink.
&gt;&gt; Is the phone at that point though really
just a way for you to communicate to
Optimus?
&gt;&gt; Is it really nothing more than that if
Optimus becomes the central?
&gt;&gt; Yeah, I mean it doesn't mean it can't do
some edge compute. There's no there's
not a universe where you have to
subtract all the edge computing. But the
point is that if you think of the mind
of optimists living in star mind itself.
Mhm. And by the way I mean this a little
differently than people might say no no
no Phil that already happens. You know
you can back up your phone to the cloud
and you could lose your phone and
restore it to another phone. No, I'm
talking about the live existence of the
thing like it's permanent presence. In
fact, what I I mean it so directly that
I mean that you could start your
beginning relationship with Optimus
before the physical bot is ever
delivered to you,
&gt;&gt; right?
&gt;&gt; You could have a year-long relationship
with it with Optimus. It's just in the
virtual
uh form through Star Mind. It exists.
And when the robot shows up at your
house and you know it as Fred, whatever,
uh, that personality, that that history,
that context window just is instantly
there. When you move from point A to
point B, your interactions become
potentially your car or maybe just your
companion device known as your phone.
And when you deliver yourself to a
destination point, like you you're let's
say you're move, you know, you're going
on vacation to Miami
and you show up there,
you just get an optimist at your hotel
or airport and for all intents and
purposes, that optimist doesn't is no
different than the one you left at your
house.
&gt;&gt; It's a bit like having your own Secret
Service. They just they're just there
wherever you show up. They are already
there.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. So I mean it what this is is it's
a very different view of how you might
look at like what what if you look at
the way the phone developed clearly it
had communications we we shouldn't
dismiss that you know at first
communications were simply voice like
literally simply voice and it was in the
analog side of that it was really a I
mean it was a phone it was a phone aimed
properly in the in the early days and
then at the time we had iPhone we now
had a data device and the word phone,
you know, started to feel like a little
bit weird.
Move another half generation forward
and, you know, we barely make calls and
we use it mostly for data. Um, so it's
really changed in form.
&gt;&gt; But if you think about it's developed,
it took a while to develop its ecosystem
and that ecosystem is very appentric
today. So, you know, if you want to do
if you want to make a reservation,
change a reservation, set up a meal, uh,
D with your with United, you're you
pretty much have the United app on your
phone, right? If you want to do a stock
transa transaction with Schwab or one of
the other brokerage, you pretty much
have the Schwab application on your
phone. if you wanna and I could go on
and on and and so that ecosystem
developed very appentric
uh obviously built an extreme amount of
of um revenue for Apple and and of
course the the Android counterparts for
Google etc. But you know at the end of
the day uh
it kind of eaked itself into that
broader universe of communications. And
what I'm saying is optimist doesn't have
to start that way and play on the
network.
It is the network.
&gt;&gt; Yeah exists the way we you know hear
about it in movies you know. So when we
think about Star today what are we
thinking? Well, we think about AI data
centers doing somebody's compute. Well,
my claim is that it will be doing
somebody's compute. Each it will be an
instance of everybody's device,
their optimist device.
Tesla will be the customer.
you know eventually I actually think the
companies are very much the same company
but you know so optimist kind of is
instantiated first in Starmind that's
where it lives that's where its constant
presence is unlike the iPhone where it
backs itself up to the cloud and
restores itself in the cloud that's not
the plan I'm talking about I'm talking
about a a sort of living presence
already in that space then it uses a
conduit known as Starlink to communicate
to all the physical end points. The most
important physical end point is the
physical office that we that we that
we're talking about
and then the secondary and tertiary end
points are our companion devices known
as phones.
&gt;&gt; The car also has another version of it,
right?
&gt;&gt; Yes. You know, that's why I mean that's
why I said tertiary because we can
certainly use a car as a transportable
optimus. You know, it could it could be
even interface optimus and and what's
interesting too about that the point I
make about the companion device is as we
saying it can become
lighter and lighter weight because if
the primary thing it does is communicate
and it does it really well then it's
only about 15 milliseconds away from its
brain and above our heads at about 3 to
700 miles
&gt;&gt; that's
Yeah,
&gt;&gt; it's a real time device. And that's why
I said in my article, is Elon building a
phone? No. Yes. Maybe. What I meant is
he'll never build a phone. He doesn't
need to build a phone. If he's going to
build something, he's going to build a
so-called companion device.
And sort of like this other thing we've
been talking about, how you scale and go
around the existing
um players, you don't produce a thousand
device. to build a $150 device that's a
great communicator
uh but doesn't really need all the
compute and memory and so forth on
device. It doesn't need
the compute to run apps because it never
is going to run an app.
&gt;&gt; That's right.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; The other interesting thing too is as I
hear you speak about this, I think about
you don't need to physically own the
robot for it to be yours. Nope.
Right? So, think about a situation where
perhaps there's a there's a community,
maybe there's I'll just say there's, you
know, there's five homes
and people in that community want
Optimus' labor for a certain number of
hours a day to cook, clean, etc.
&gt;&gt; Right?
&gt;&gt; They could all share the Optimus. When
the Optimus arrives on their front
doorstep
and the help next door, the Optimus that
point is is theirs. it it has their
brain as soon as it hits their doorstep,
&gt;&gt; right?
&gt;&gt; And then when it goes to their
neighbor's house, it the ne that that
person's brain is is acting, you know,
it's in Optimus at that point, right?
The the physical body doesn't matter.
&gt;&gt; Nope.
&gt;&gt; Um and that's kind of interesting too
from a shared perspective in terms of
people just using the Optimus for the
number of hours a day that they have the
need for.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. I mean, you could imagine, I'm not
suggesting this is the rollout plan, but
you can imagine a big rental center
where you rent them for a few hours a
day. They're delivered by uh Cyber Cab
delivers one for two or three hours in
the evening while you need cooking and
cleaning and that's all you use it for.
There's never a program to buy one in
the first place. You know, you just
leave by the hour and and it's very
fluid in the number of hours it could
be.
um
you know it could be two hours a day, it
could be 24 hours a day. Uh I think we
all talked about that in the past that
that's probably the model that Tesla
will eventually or not eventually
probably lead with is just you lease the
thing. Um I mean the beauty of this too
is that it the physical thing doesn't
matter. It could be doing uh work in the
yard and get run over by a truck and
nothing disappears. you know, the last
&gt;&gt; 5 years of conversation with your
optimist.
See, the thing is, you're going to
develop,
for lack of better definition, a
relationship with this object. And that
relationship will be a very familiar
type of thing because, you know, it will
it will have a very deep context.
Um,
and as such
having it in its virtual form, you know,
on a plane, on your phone isn't much of
an inconvenience other than the lack of
its agency, you know, in other words, it
can't do something for you in I mean, it
actually can do something for you
remotely, but that's another story.
&gt;&gt; Well, that's very handy though if you're
on a plane for it to be able to do
something in your house.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; Saying, "Hey, there's a delivery
outside. Please pick it up." Or it
probably already know that and just take
care of it. You can instruct it in any
way you want.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; Oh, I forgot. I forgot to, you know,
bring the plants inside and it's going
to be a freeze tonight. Please bring in
my flowers or something.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; Right. It's also I think I point out in
the article that it's not only the first
device that we can use that has agency
in this physical form but it's the first
device as a compute device
where we can have this sort of remote
relationship with it. In other words,
&gt;&gt; it doesn't have to be on our person.
&gt;&gt; It can be in the other room doing
something on our behalf. can be on
another planet doing something on our
behalf.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. But I mean certainly what I mean
by remote too is just that the fact that
you can send it off to shop. You can
send it, you know, down to neighbor's
house to pick up a package. You can you
can have it walk into the kitchen and
start doing its, you know, cooking the
meal.
&gt;&gt; Uh you can have it go upstairs and
change the bed sheets while you're
sitting there watching TV, you know. Um,
but I guess the point I'm trying to make
in the whole thing is don't think of
Optimus as the physical manifestation.
Although the physical manifestation is
the thing that gives it actual physical
agency. That's an incredibly important
attribute that sets it apart from every
other device that we've ever interacted
with that isn't
that and I mean when I say not every
other device, we have a Roomba. It's a
robot goes and does things. We actually
have FSD driving us today. But this is a
little general purpose robot, right?
This this doesn't have the constraints
of I mean FSD does one thing and one
thing really good. It drives us around.
Um it doesn't do shopping for us.
Ironically, Optimus can drive us around,
which is a real head trip if you think
about what I just said there.
&gt;&gt; Like, wait a minute. Are you saying
Tesla's producing a product that could
kill off FSD? Yeah, but you got to get
it from Tesla to kill off FSD. So, good
luck with that.
&gt;&gt; That's right.
&gt;&gt; You know, I mean, it can I mean, these
are important things. It's going to have
incredible agency. It can it can
certainly at some point operate a
tractor or a could drive a semi. It
could, you know,
literally everything. So,
&gt;&gt; you know, what we're talking about is
migrating from any device where the
intelligence is localized
to,
you know, it's the intelligence that's
the key and you can put it on any
device,
&gt;&gt; right?
&gt;&gt; Commonality in that intelligence, your
intelligence, the collective
intelligence of a civilization
essentially.
&gt;&gt; Mhm.
&gt;&gt; Which is pretty remarkable.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. But, you know, as I hear you speak
about this, Phil, what's clear to me is
that Optimus is essentially a joint
strategic product by Tesla and SpaceX.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. It makes I mean, look what's on
that screen in front of us.
I mean, two of the three components here
are SpaceX properties.
One of the key the physical component is
a Tesla property.
And if you thought about Elon making the
yes, no, maybe of the companion device,
well, who who knows? I mean, that can be
viewed as coming down this path of a of
a device that's a communications device
that naturally interacts with Starlink
or on the other hand, you could think of
it as a Tesla more. You know, I mean,
Tesla has more of a track record of, I
shouldn't say track, a brand or whatever
you want to say about being more of a
consumerf facing company, but you know
what the reality is? It makes it very
clear to me that, and I said directly in
the article, that if you didn't see a
path for these companies being the same
company, now you do. This is the path
because I think this is the ultimate
manifestation of all the peace parts.
Yeah,
&gt;&gt; you know, I mean, you can invent small
versions of these things. You can say,
"Oh, I want Starlink in my car. That
that's great synergy. Let's combine the
companies." That's not that's not
necessarily
um a necessity for the combination of
the companies. This feels like it is
because Star Mine isn't just a data
center now, but it is a data center. The
thing that's different about Star is
Star Mind starts to think of you it's
like you said well where is this AI
like what what goes in Star Mine well
maybe Google maybe open AI you know what
in other words the terrestrial carriers
today that SpaceX is delivering services
for can be uh leased in the cloud
I laugh when I say that the cloud way up
there
&gt;&gt; yes But the reality is if you think
about
what they probably want to do eventually
is to simply say that this is our
compute infrastructure
and what are we going to compute? Well,
when you hear people talk about digital
optimist, you might get this very
strange view that's oh I see it's a
funny little name that is a desktop
product that's agentic and can go off
and do a bunch of things and drive
screens and so forth and so on. And I
say, well, it's not how I think about
digital optimist. That may be sort of
its first
manifestation,
but the reality is digital optimist is
optimist
&gt;&gt; ultimately.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. It's just a virtual presence
thing.
&gt;&gt; Um,
so ultimately these companies just look
like one. I mean, you just almost can't
separate them uh much further.
The other thing too that's interesting
to think about is we go from, you know,
one device per person
to
unlimited number of devices per person
potentially.
&gt;&gt; And we see that in sort of the direct
mapping
of optimist to the factory, right? We
think of it as and and the way you would
think of it as the one to many
relationship there is sort of the the
manager and the workers, you know? Um,
but we certainly could think of Optimus
as um a oneto- many relationship in our
homes, in our small businesses.
Well, certainly in our small businesses.
I mean, you know, um, and I and I would
say that's another weird blend here
because because Optimus has agency
because it can do work as we define work
in the physical space. the line begins
to get a little fuzzy between what is
business and what is consumer
in a very different way than there were
before
you know um
&gt;&gt; and what I mean by that is I mean maybe
I mean something very profound and maybe
I mean something that's very direct but
the more profound thing is perhaps you
take optimists to work with you and you
have three or four optimists doing
things that that you're
employer.
It's a weird thought, but very possible.
Like you don't just show up as a
singular entity that does something. You
just manage a group of optimists and
you're almost like a subcontractor to
your employer. You bring your own labor.
So it starts to disappear the line. And
by the way, nothing makes optimist not
be your personal optimist either, right?
&gt;&gt; You can basically this one over here is
my personal optimist. These three are
sort of but every one of them I can call
by a name. I mean I'm not uh you know
not just trying to try to map them to
human but I'm saying every one of them I
can have an individual distinct
relationship and perhaps the other weird
part about it is every one of them can
be highminded as well. That's the other
thing that we haven't really said. But
what that means is not only you know at
first we kind of describe that in the
space of saying well what if I got on a
plane I left my physical optimist
behind.
I took my companion device that became
my digital Optimus for a while until I
got off the plane and I reinstantiate in
physical form at the hotel or the
airport.
Well, but why can't I have just two of
them working together
and operating as a as a single unit?
&gt;&gt; Sure. Orund of
&gt;&gt; the high-minded approach.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. um you know which uh uh means that
now the one to many is a weird thing
because the many isn't really a many
it's just a many in physical
manifestation but not necessarily many
in terms of context or mind
&gt;&gt; and it's also the flip of that right
it's one optimist to potentially many
humans so I think about for example in
my household
&gt;&gt; right me my wife two kids the optimist
is going to have four bosses it's going
to have four people giving it commands
at the same time,
&gt;&gt; right?
&gt;&gt; Um there's going to have to be a
hierarchical structure in terms of who
gets what done first. I'm sure I'll be
at the bottom end of the heap there, but
&gt;&gt; um you know, thank me. I'm sorry, sir,
but I can't do that right now.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, sorry. No, that's absolutely uh
true because I think you know outside of
all the
um potential end points in how we might
see the thing the probable relationship
is we think of it as a physical device.
We think of it entering our home and we
think of it as um you know
having that one to many relationship but
where the many is us the household
members and we have the relationship
with the one and the one is it. So it's
like you said, it's sort of inverts it
and there's just one in the home and it
does all the work. You know, it does the
stuff that your wife wants it to do
stuff that your
mom wants it to do if you know if it's
involved in some more elderly care.
&gt;&gt; Yep. Does a few things you want it to
do. It does some things your kids want
it to do. Uh and the beauty of it is
because it is this new HMI
For the first time, we have the ability
to interact with it in a very
like I think people may get a little
confused. They say, "Oh, this is going
to be very confusing."
Not really because whenever we bring
somebody in our house to do something,
we know how to interact with them
because all day long we interact with
other humans
&gt;&gt; and that's just the interactivity of the
thing.
Um
&gt;&gt; I I wonder too Phil if as humans we will
also be trying to find ways to be
helpful to Optimus so that Optimus can
do its job in an efficient manner
because initially certainly there may be
certain things where Optimus is not
particularly efficient at its course
it's only going to improve
&gt;&gt; that initially be like here Optimus here
here's the knife that you need you know
and you hand it to the robot
&gt;&gt; I believe that that's a long section of
thought on how do we train optimists you
know
&gt;&gt; become the proper companion to us and
&gt;&gt; you know we think about optimist look
look the interesting thing about Elon's
discussion and maybe this should have
been said earlier when Elon talks about
optimist he thinks about who wouldn't
want how many times he said this who
wouldn't want their personal CP30 R2-D2
if people don't know the reference Star
Wars the cute you know I mean it I guess
it's a little odd and strange that
they're two different robots but
nonetheless that worked really well for
the the movie. That's not what Optimus
is. It's just sort of more like CP3. Um
but but the
when he says that I think you have to
actually
take him a bit more directly and what I
mean by that is I think he is talking
about a consumer device. I think he is
talking about the ultimate generic
device. I think he's talking about this
article because
I don't think he's saying oh I'm
building a robot that that operates I'm
a figure I'm figure and I'm going to go
build this is it figure who's employing
BMW factory somebody think
&gt;&gt; yes
&gt;&gt; I don't think he's thinking that way I
think he's thinking
no it's a consumer relationship
but I'm going to redefine the consumer
in the relationship
can be
somebody who uses a product like an
iPhone for
uh
you know life stuff as well as business
stuff. I can
consume
what comes from this device
in various different work environments
including the functional stuff that we
think of as factory
service industry,
small business, etc., etc., you know,
but I think he's saying something here.
He's I mean, I guess maybe in some ways
you could claim he's not. He's just
trying to make a way for us to all
understand the thing and he's, you know,
saying, "Oh, that you know, you
everybody knows what CP3 is, so it's
easy to think of the Star Wars thing."
But I usually think the way he's
thinking of it is I'm not building that
factory robot.
You know, I already have robots in my
factory.
Now, that doesn't mean that he also
doesn't have a huge shift of people
coming in and building. And if you think
that this kind of robot isn't useful, I
would argue that you should situate
yourself outside a Tesla factory or
anybody else's factory and watch your
shift change.
&gt;&gt; Yep. because you see thousands of people
coming in and coming out.
&gt;&gt; That's right.
&gt;&gt; So, I'm not discounting that element of
it all. I'm just trying to uplift it to
a different space and I'm saying that
&gt;&gt; maybe for the first time
&gt;&gt; the way we think of as a consumer device
should be redefined.
&gt;&gt; It's interesting too just I think back
to our earlier discussion about the
capex spend by by SpaceX
to build the terrestrial data centers
right now. Mhm.
&gt;&gt; And of course develop Starship so that
you can build Star Mind and and put the
new versions of Starlink. Right. You see
right here in this image how critical
that capex and that development cycle
is.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; To get all this in place to allow what
you're talking about to to happen. You
know, if you think about that on a very
simple basis, if you look at Starlink
back in its infancy and then yarding
back to a previous conversation we had
about an hour ago about Elon making
comments about like commercial
viability, right? He was saying that,
you know, uh we have to re-educate our
commercial customers because they
thought of as a backup network, not as a
primary network and they may not
understand that it isn't a backup
network. is a primary network and uh now
a lot of them do understand it. Those
who um work for United and putting them
on planes, those who work for Carnival,
sticking them on cruise ships and these
are the things that how their customers
access the internet. They get it. They
get it. Uh they know it has um you know
good uptime and it is effectively their
primary because there is not a it can't
be a backup on the plane.
&gt;&gt; No, a backup on the cruise. But but um
having said that, what is true is that
Starlink is is becoming that thing that
I've written about several times that it
is sort of we are we are disappearing
into the network. We are we are starting
to have a relationship with a network
where it's omnipresent.
It's not geographically omniresent
meaning it's not like uh you know right
now um we think of uh sometimes some of
us think of our cellular providers is
like that's the way I'm always on the
network. Yeah. Drive across the country
and see how that works out for you.
&gt;&gt; Especially get off the highway for 20
minutes. Uh, so our our remote friends
that live in Montana and upstate New
York and god knows where, they don't
have that relationship with the network
at all. They think of it as um sometimes
available and a lot of times not.
But what's happening here with Starlink
is they're getting to that tipping point
and that's maybe the right term where
the network becomes we are sort of
bathed in a network and everything is on
the network. And this is an example of
at least two physical manifestations of
a product being on the network in a way
that suddenly requires the network. you
know, it's not I mean, you might suggest
your phone requires the network, and
that's a fair statement to a certain in
a certain respect, but the architecture
of how I'm pushing this is I'm saying
Optimus lives in that thing called Star
Mind. That's the primary living, you
know, creature of Optimus. Yeah.
&gt;&gt; And everything else has to be given to
us by virtue of this omniresent network.
So you've got to build that and that has
taken years and it is reaching the
tipping point where it is really going
to be that omnipresent thing. You have
to build Star Mind and I think you know
the good news about Star Mine is it
takes so much. It borrows so much from
Starlink
um terms of being able to build
satellites at scale and know how to
power them and know how to vent their
heat and that form part of the
structure. Um, and they both effectively
share a platform, not necessarily the
same one right now, but soon to be
they'll share the same platform for
getting them there into those orbits,
you know, namely Starship.
Um,
yeah. So, I mean, it's a different
relationship for sure with a product
that we haven't really had before. It's
funny because when people throughout the
ages have pointed to higher
intelligence, they've always pointed
towards the sky
&gt;&gt; and I guess they've intuitively
understood that that star mind is is
there
&gt;&gt; for coming.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; Um the other interesting thing too, you
know,
&gt;&gt; by the way, I just want to put a little
aster here.
&gt;&gt; Interesting. It's called Star Mind,
isn't it?
&gt;&gt; Yeah. I mean
what I mean is it could have been a lot
of things and I started thinking about
Star Mine as the central character in
this story because of the name. In other
words, I think the name is a little bit
more purposeful than we might think. And
that is why I've leaned in so heavy on
this idea that Star Mine is really the
central character. You know, you might
think when you think Optimus, it's the
physical bot. And I'm saying, no, no,
no, it's not the physical bot. That is
the appendage or the edge. That's the
edge device. Um, not that it's not super
important. Don't get me wrong. It's like
almost the necessary. But when you think
about economics, you they're typically
this division between labor and capital.
And what's interesting about all this is
I think that distinction goes away.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. I agree.
&gt;&gt; Optimus capital is labor. Yeah.
&gt;&gt; Labor is capital. It's one and the same.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; Um
&gt;&gt; well certainly
&gt;&gt; yeah certainly the traditional
relationship to labor is completely
upended and bent into pretzel by this
idea. You know
&gt;&gt; it's a very different thing because it
blurs the line between white and blue
collar labor. There is no there is no
distinction between these objects either
now.
&gt;&gt; Right.
because this thing you know it's imagine
taking and I I don't mound I'm not
trying to sound demeaning and I don't
want anyone to take it this way but
imagine taking your most intelligent
person who is uh CEO of the company and
then saying you get to work on the
factory floor you don't you know we
don't and we we can have hundreds of you
doing that and um and what I meant by
the demeaning part was I didn't want to
demean the blue collar worker and say
well you just don't have the brain to be
that person but In some ways there is
some truth to that and but this is this
that changes this relationship
completely. There is no distinction
between our so-called white collar labor
force and our blueco collar labor force
with this type of of of of agency.
There's no distinction. You're right.
It's also true that anybody can be CEO
and command a company's worth of robots.
&gt;&gt; Right.
&gt;&gt; Right. We're seeing that today with with
you know these AI agents that
effectively you know they're doing the
work and you're commanding them with you
know the English language or any
language
&gt;&gt; right
&gt;&gt; so that that's interesting too but from
a robotic standpoint the hardest jobs
right now to quote unquote replace are
those difficult blue collar jobs
&gt;&gt; right absolutely
&gt;&gt; all the stuff that's been done by a
computer even even you know mathematical
theorems from the brightest minds in the
worlds that that have not yet been sold
are being knocked out by AI on a weekly
basis,
&gt;&gt; right?
&gt;&gt; So all the Einstein level things that we
think, you know, are reserved for just
the smartest of the smart, AI is is
knocking those out in the weekend.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; So it is kind of interesting, isn't it?
These these distinctions that we have
drawn of where we think the value is or
you know who's smarter than who. It's
like well this has all been up upended
by AI. It made me think of something and
like what one way of looking at Star
Mind is that on a certain number of GPUs
runs this
omniresent agent that you contract with
and that is your Optimus and it makes
its way into the physical device. It
makes it way into the companion device
and any other tertiary endpoint that you
need to work with it. And that's
probably a true statement. That's how we
think of our AI today.
But
um
you know and what I mean by that is we
think of there exists a model and we are
running through that we're running that
model through inference
and that the only context that we um the
only survivable context is the context
we push through it so to speak you know
in other words and and
this can really get have a much bigger
impact because now suddenly you can
build a collective intelligence.
&gt;&gt; Mhm. And what I mean by that is uh if
people go back and read some of my
articles,
what I say about optimism is that it is
the ultimate data collector on planet
Earth or or planet Mars or planet
whatever because you know unlike us its
sensor set
is capable of a much higher bandwidth
and possibly I I mean both wide and deep
wide and Meaning like right now we think
of it as you know our whole world is
limited to this little visible spectrum
and we think it's
&gt;&gt; but you know over here is infrared over
here is ultraviolet. Are you kidding me?
Like the whole world exists in a much
broader spectrum and beyond just that
electromagnetic spectrum there's many of
other sensor components that exist. And
when you look at the observable world
and you say to yourself oh I get it we
know everything about this that the
other thing. Oh, We know
almost nothing about the observable
world. We have observed through the
tiniest of straws what that world is all
about. And so now, if you think about
optimists existing
in our house and just doing crazy things
that you would never like, oh, I see
some ants coming in. Let me count let me
start counting ants on the property.
what um you know a a billion weird beta
observational things
that
suddenly can become a collective
intelligence
that is way beyond our ability to
collect that intelligence. And I I mean
it that way because
send out, you know, university studies,
we send a somebody's got a PhD thesis,
he sends out a bunch of
undergrads to collect data and they
collect
a small sample set and they call it a
and they write a and somebody writes
their PhD thesis and you know they they
explain how the world works through a
statistically insignificant data set.
Suddenly you have the ability to to to
build a large significantly relevant
data set that on an observational basis
is is mind-blowing and just and its
ability to correlate data that you've
never had anything like that before. Now
at the same time
there are challenges and biggest
challenges are privacy
you know how and and
you know privacy and intellectual
property to a certain extent like in the
sense of if I
train that optimist to cook I own a
restaurant I train that optimist to make
my meals well I don't want the hive mind
I don't want the intelligence gathered
and say well if he can make penal lava
vodka perfect. I can transport it to
every other restaurant that buys that
optimist. That that that's a non-ellable
uh value proposition. I mean it wants to
copy, but it's not very good for the
person who wants to protect.
&gt;&gt; That's right. This is this is an
important question, isn't it? Because is
intellectual property something that we
should protect?
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; Um
&gt;&gt; well, in fact, in fact, that's what
makes the world go around in a sense,
right? I mean, um, I mean, you can you
can make your arguments in different
ways, but the the the other truth is
that we need
some really good
we need we need privacy and boundaries,
you know, we need to because the thing
can observe all day, you know, it's in
our house and it can see us naked. I
mean, I know it sounds kind of goofy,
but it hears everything we say. you
know, our arguments with our family
members and
um
and we need
&gt;&gt; it might also act as a marriage
therapist and save you a lot of uh
either money or time or whatever it is.
&gt;&gt; Uh but you know,
&gt;&gt; so I've been observing your interactions
with your wife and I think it's time we
have a conversation.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, exactly. Like I this is not the
way you tackle this problem. Um I see
your argument on repeat. How about I
break the log jam, you know?
&gt;&gt; Yeah,
&gt;&gt; I do write a little section. And I don't
get into necessarily this whole
collective intelligence and nor do I
talk much about privacy, but I do talk a
bit about some of the challenges and and
and one of the key challenges that I
think that I kind of bring it back to
Apple a bit like I kind of you know
because I spent 10 years of my life at
Apple and I feel like the relationship
that the what I respect about Apple
beyond,
you know, how they fumbled the ball in
and Apple intellig igence profoundly.
Yes. I mean that's like you know of
course but when I think about what they
get right is they understand
brand and they understand how to build
consumer brand and how to make it feel
right and be acceptable to the most
number of people. Uh, I was talking to
um, actually it was it was not just me.
It was you and me on a previous one of
our
episodes. We were talking to Robert
Cobalt.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; And
he said something about glasses and
Google and he said, "Well, you know,
Google's the company for geeks." Meaning
that like people don't really associate
Google with kind of generic, you know,
everyday consumer brand,
&gt;&gt; right? You know, yes, a lot of people
have Gmail accounts, but we don't think
of it as like, is that the company
that's going to bring us the best
glasses? Would it be Meta? No. Meta has
a terrible,
even if they've locked up RayBan or
somebody else, they have a terrible
relationship with the consumer on that
basis. They don't, it's not their And
you know what I would say? Tesla isn't
really there yet either. You know, you
have to be very careful how you build
this
bot in terms of its appearance.
It can't be too sinister looking. It
can't be too friendly. You know, it's
got to right.
&gt;&gt; You can't look like a scary utopian
type of bot. It also can't look like it
has a cutesy face because those things
get disposed of beyond their utility.
you know, whatever their utility, they
get disposed of in the minds of people
as being, you know, cartoony and not,
you know, and and what Apple gets just
right, and I don't mean perfect because
nothing is,
but they do build products that appeal
to the broad base of consumers
that aren't in these little buckets of,
you know, tech people or geeks or this
or that, you know. Um, and I think
there's a lot of challenge here for
Tesla to produce
this
perfect bot,
you know, the perfect CP3. It needs to I
use a weird term that I'm not saying I
invent invented the term. I just say a
brand is like you have to have a certain
mouth feel. It has to have some
&gt;&gt; feel on your pallet that is very very
hard to write down what did I achieve in
my brand like what are those edge you
know but good brand people achieve it
all the time bad brand people never
achieve it
and that's the distinction there
Tesla has a lot to do there and I feel
like in a sense some of the way they
present themselves is very Elonque
Not to take away from the guy because I
love him, but in many ways he leans into
a universe of, you know, he names
products like Cyber Cab and Cyber Truck.
Well, cyber is not a very friendly term
most.
&gt;&gt; No, it's not much the most approachable.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. The good news is Optimus is a
pretty friendly term for a
&gt;&gt; if we're being honest. Well, it also
implies something too like a you know a
future of abundance, right? You know.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Optimism.
&gt;&gt; Optimism. Yeah.
&gt;&gt; Optimus has like optimism and agency
rolled up into the same word.
&gt;&gt; Really damn good word.
&gt;&gt; Also kind of f a future looking word
too, which is nice.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. But not so future that it starts
to feel utopian or dystopic type of
thing. Before I meant dystopic. Um uh so
there's the challenges there and they
they've got a lot of lifting to do. I
mean the good news about something like
Cyber Cam is damn that's a very
presentable
product to the actual consumer
meaning like everybody that's going to
use it in the cities. It's a lot more
approachable than a Whimo for God's
sakes. Um, it, you know, and it has some
elements of
&gt;&gt; it's approachable,
but it's not gimmicky looking
&gt;&gt; and it feels like luxury without truly
being luxury.
&gt;&gt; That's really hard to achieve. I think
it achieved it except for its name.
&gt;&gt; The vehicle looks better than its name.
&gt;&gt; Yeah,
the name will be the name will be fine.
I'm not uh I'm not going on a limb here.
I'm just making a point.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. that Tesla has a lot of the two
companies here, SpaceX and Tesla. Tesla,
I think obviously has the best
relationship with a consumer because it
builds consumer products in the name of
cars, which are consumer products for
God's sakes. But,
you know, SpaceX tends to have a pretty
damn good way of presenting itself. I
noticed, you know, it uh watch the last
two concept videos that they dropped.
My 84 year old mom watched that
and her mouth was open the whole time
and she loved it. I don't think she ever
wanted that video to end.
I had a nice job.
&gt;&gt; What's that?
&gt;&gt; They did a very nice job with those
videos. Very impressive. So, uh, so, so
I I claim combining the two companies
might be a good thing because I think
that, uh, at some point, you know, I
mean, people might even make the
argument that the the SpaceX earning
call is what they wish the Tesla earning
calls would look like and perhaps CEO of
one company should talk to the CEO of
the other company and figure out what's
going on.
&gt;&gt; Well, when you're adding a hundred
billion dollars a year in revenue, uh,
that gets pretty exciting.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, it's not hard.
&gt;&gt; But there was a
&gt;&gt; It was a good call though. they
communicated clearly.
Um,
and the, you know, the people in the
call seemed like adults in the room. At
the same time, they seemed approachable.
Um,
it was a good call.
&gt;&gt; It was
&gt;&gt; okay,
&gt;&gt; Phil. Thank you for this. Um, and I
think your thoughts here on the future
device, I think, are are excellent. I'm
glad we had an opportunity to kind of
flesh out some of these ideas. I I I
think you're on to something here.
Uh it also helped I think paint the
picture how difficult it is going to be
for other companies that can't build
this entire ecosystem.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Because this is the first consumer
product that almost
&gt;&gt; is defined by its ecosystem, not builds
one.
&gt;&gt; That's right.
&gt;&gt; You know, Apple built one. They started
with a flagship product and they
&gt;&gt; built that ecosystem. And in the
beginning of time, Steve didn't even
want
&gt;&gt; He sort of wanted it, but it didn't like
because he didn't open up the thing.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. But they opened it up enough to
build that ecosystem. They built some
proprietary parts like Apple Music, but
then they let the atmosphere go.
&gt;&gt; Um,
&gt;&gt; and they built that and curated over
time. This one I think is rather defined
by it uniquely. Um, and therefore
the good news it is hard to compete
with.
&gt;&gt; Very interesting.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Well, thank you, Phil, and I look
forward to our next discussion in two
weeks.
&gt;&gt; All right.