Channel:     jobhakdi
Title:       How ACCELERATION Impacts Tesla, SpaceX And AI Stocks
URL:         https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qmcHztplcUw
Published:   2026-09-13 17:01 UTC
Fetched:     2026-09-13 21:00 UTC

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

living through the most interesting
period of time ever in human history.
And we knew that already, but it was
still kind of a forecast of the crazy
things that we will see in our
lifetimes. Or more precisely, I said in
2027 and 2028, but over this weekend, a
lot of things happened that imply maybe
it's not 2027 and 2028. Maybe it's just
2027
because the level of at least
acceleration of conversations and weird
things we are experiencing all across
the space
is just not stopping. It's accelerating
and we have some political things to
cover but more importantly today we want
to focus on the AI stocks Tesla and
SpaceX.
But we have to talk and include in these
considerations for next week and for our
tactical and strategic positionings
also the crazy dialogues that are
happening on X between Daario between
the government between Trump now speaker
Johnson and all kinds of smart people. I
just read David Shapiro's latest
commentary on Poly Markets report that
Dario Ammoday is now saying he would be
willing to hand over anthropic to the
right combination of governments.
So the craziness just doesn't stop. Even
while I was planning our session today,
I just see more and more news coming out
all over the place. So it is time to
have a discussion and see what happens.
So this is just the latest four minutes
ago.
David Shapiro, one of the smartest guys
on YouTube on AI is reporting that Poly
Market says Dar Amade reveals he would
be willing to hand over anthropic to the
right combination of governments. And
I know what people say. I know that a
lot of people are stuck in their
investor mindsets, in their Silicon
Valley trickery mindsets, and they say
Sam
and Dario and Elon, they're just
tricking us. They want to make money.
They want to shut down the competition.
They want to outperform China. And
that's why they're pulling some galactic
1 billiond chess move here by tricking
us into thinking they are actually
concerned when they actually just want
to have some crazy plan executed
together somehow.
I tell you guys that's not how the world
works.
It is okay to assume that all of them
are savvy capitalists that they have
their own interest in mind.
But it's also savvy to assume that ASI
is a real problem. That Elon has said
this all along. So have I. So have
everyone who has ever thought about AI.
We all know it's the most dangerous
technology that humanity will ever
invent and that the survival chances are
kind of zero if we do the wrong thing.
Sam Alman, he founded OpenAI with Elon
because of their concern. Dario left
OpenAI because he thought they are
taking too many risks. And I know I know
a lot of investors think, "Oh, these are
all tricks. Everyone just want to make a
quick buck." Everyone, Elon, Sam, Dario,
all of them are just in the game and
their ultimate super goal is make a
quick buck. Everything else is a trick.
But that is not how people's brains
work. That is a very weird way of
functioning and only a very few people
are so obsessed with money that to the
last breath they're trying to trick
someone to give them another scent. That
is not the mindset of Elon. I guarantee
you that. That is also not the mindset.
Some of you might push back on that.
It's also not the mindset of Sam or even
Zuckerberg.
It's also not the mindset of Dario. All
of them understand in order to get what
they want they need infinity money. So
they are all pro money but that is not
the ultimate goal. And I see a pattern
of behavior here that I would interpret
very differently. I think they are
concerned because they're intelligent
people. They see what they see
internally. They understand we have
reached the brink and that this whole
thing spun spins out of control.
I do believe that at least Daario and
Elon see even beyond the initial
problem, the liability problem that
David Saxs now even admits to that there
might be a real problem. It's not a
trick. It's not a marketing trick. It's
not regulatory capture. They actually
are concerned about massive liability
when these things get out of control.
But David Sax is also a little bit of a
in that respect. I respect him greatly.
He's very intelligent, but he he's a
little narrow in his intellect.
They are not just concerned about their
immediate liability here. That is maybe
important problem
and it's for sure on their minds but
they think beyond that they are seeing
now
the light the fire at the end of the
tunnel which is ASI
and that is why they're getting very
concerned.
So that is the first crazy thing that's
happening and we have to think about
what does that mean? We already
discussed it yesterday that Jason for
example says with all these debates AI
stocks will drop 10% on Monday morning.
Let's see. I don't think so. I think the
market will maybe react to this but no
one even knows how to react to it
because from a market perspective all of
this is not some form of disaster. This
is indirectly a clear demonstration or
at least reflection of incredible
strength,
right? It is not a sign that something
doesn't work. It is a sign that
something works too well. It is a sign
that something works way beyond what we
can comprehend.
and dialing something back that works
too well to just be be ahead of
expectations instead of just eliminating
everyone is not a bad thing.
I'm not saying there is no effect on the
market, but this is not an easy bad news
thing. It's something from a pure market
perspective. Okay, there's good news.
These people are making faster progress
than we think. This thing will be much
more useful than we think. The demand
will be higher. Now they only have
concerns that something is incredibly
off on a completely different dimension.
So that is what we have to look at and
we can go into the more complex debates
about the macro perspective and all
these dots after we go through some
assessments here for Tesla because I
know that's what we have to look at. All
these crazy debates about the end of the
world don't help us as long as we if we
don't make money. Okay, we need to also
watch the buck. We need to watch SpaceX,
Nvidia, and Tesla. That's what we cover
today before we go into the bigger
picture considerations here because we
are not a philosophy show. Philosophy is
dumb. You shouldn't do that in public.
Don't do philosophy in public. Do it in
private. Then you can come up with the
results.
So,
what happens to Tesla
in this whole crazy situation that we
have? So, on the Tesla news side, I
mean, a lot of people are excited, of
course, about the Roadster that came
out. Tesla Roadster being launched now
on October 1st. It's a little weird how
they did the date, by the way, uh that
they did 101. That's like a European
type of date. I don't know why they did
that. That's very confusing.
101. Why is it not 110?
Oh, no. 101. No, that's American. I I'm
already confused. So, here's the big
announcement. Tesla is coming. Tesla
Roadster is coming very soon in three
weeks, two weeks. Uh, is that exciting?
I mean, it's cool. I don't know if it's
going to do anything to the stock. This
has no impact in my opinion unless
something surprising happens. This is a
niche product. Not a lot of revenue.
It's a cool thing. We all get excited as
Tesla fans for the stock.
Not much happening here. Uh what is
important for Tesla
that we have to watch out for of course
is the cyber cap counter. But when you
go to pioneerlands.org where we have the
counter important update I think coming
tomorrow. Uh there is not much going on.
We still are at 42 even though we have
the official list in Texas now expanded
to 49 registered. So they can deploy up
to 49 but they at 42 and we track this
all the time.
Uh so there's nothing happening here but
we have to track that how this goes
inside this crazy crazy crazy situation
of course let me just check something
here
uh other than that for Tesla what I'm
seeing with the stock and while I am
bullish even though now it's a little
risky with this whole craziness going on
in the markets but what I'm seeing on
Tesla is we still absolutely undervalued
dramatically, technically, tactically,
and strategically undervalued. My fair
value for Tesla, by the way, is 740
uh for the end of this year. That's not
my stock price target. That is my true
intrinsic value. So, I know, okay, we
are just dramatically undervalued. But
also on a one-year, you know, all-time
high basis in December, you know, my
mantra, we were at 488. We are a much
stronger company now. Dramatic
de-risisking of the company, but we are
much lower. That
is a good situation to be in if you're
bullish because the stock will have a
hard time dropping. That's what I'm
saying. Now, don't be crazy. No one can
predict tactical drops here. But
strategically, it's just very unlikely
to drop. So, I'm extremely long now. I'm
extremely long Tesla, way above 100%.
Don't copy that. It's dangerous. You
have to watch it minute by minute. But
I'm very bullish. Now the AI insanity
might drop Tesla a little bit. But I
think who has more risk for a drop is
Nvidia. I think Nvidia sooner or later
will get hit by this narrative. I don't
know if the market I mean it's hard to
overlook what's happening over the
weekend. I think Nvidia is of course
also undervalued is posed to grow
dramatically but Nvidia as so many of
these stocks
is conditional a little bit like Micron
Micron much more but but Nvidia is also
conditional on long-term outlooks of the
chip deployment growth and if we get
doubts that I wouldn't be doubtful for
Vera Rubin by the way Vera Rubin as a
generation will be completely booked out
and a giant success. But the next
generation of chips after Vera Rubin in
my assessment as you know I think ASI
there will be an imposed stop on ASI
development coming in 2029 or so. There
is not much doubt in my mind. I know
many of you disagree but I tell you
that's my conviction for the reasons I
outlined. I think we cannot allow ASI to
happen. I think it will be absolutely
apparent to everyone who has any kind of
say probably by end of next year maybe
before by by then it will be absolutely
clear and then people will say we make
frontier development illegal. It will be
like total terrorism. The worst form of
terrorism will be what the labs do all
day long right now. Um and that will
lead to of course a scare in the market
for Nvidia for the demand for Nvidia
chips because Nvidia's central advantage
is in training in terrestrial build out
for a lot super large clusters with the
purpose of massive AI training runs and
if they become illegal
uh well that will be a little scary for
the stock. Now I think that will lead to
a very massive drop once that becomes a
thing in the market and being
recognized. I think right now it seems
too speculative for the market. We will
see on Monday what happens but I do not
expect a major Nvidia panic right now.
Nvidia is in an incredibly strong
position right now. You have to
understand my prediction and you have to
believe in my prediction in order to get
scared for Nvidia. And I do not think
the market will believe my prediction
for the next
3 to 6 months. I think after 6 months it
gets a little more scary uh for the
market and they will be forced to
recognize a little bit more what's
coming. By I think by 2028 it's
guaranteed
to happen and I think then Nvidia will
drop when the market realizes there will
be it will made be made illegal to do
training runs. Uh but personally I'm not
concerned about Nvidia as a company
because Nvidia will probably lobby
against this for now for the next three
months or so and then realize okay this
is a lost cause because they're very
smart
uh and then they will pivot and what
will not be illegal of course is
inference compute because entire
humanity all human progress will run on
super not super intelligence I should
protect that word for the ASI super AGI
guys, super artificial general
intelligence agents. So that means the
inference demand will be infinite and
extremely valuable and that will boost
SpaceX buildout because you can't stop
AI from happening. You can't you don't
want to stop AI because that drives all
human innovation and that will drive all
human innovation on an even more
exponential scale next year. Uh and it
will be crazy. It will be pioneer lands.
We will be able to do whatever we want.
Once we are pioneers, but some people
already are pioneers and that will drive
the demand for inference into infinity.
That will be very good for SpaceX and
that will be very good for anyone who
produces these chips. And I do think
once Nvidia understands the new game
that they partially already understand,
they understand inference is important.
They just think training is more
important than it will be in the future.
So basically they have to probably
rethink their strategy for the post
Ruben chip which they already invested
billions into but that doesn't matter
and they have to pivot a little bit. It
will be much more space ccentric
inference compute. They will have to
comp compete against terafes.
I think Tesla is even better positioned
now with teraf but I don't I would not
count Nvidia out. I think that will be
absolutely stay in the lead maybe
together with Tesla and SpaceX whoever
owns Terafab
and uh so I'm not too concerned about
Nvidia strategically but I believe there
will be a major hiccup in the stock as I
said probably not now this thing
probably goes to 300 or 400 before but I
would really watch out for this because
I'm very sure this will happen that
training becomes illegal super large
training runs not small ones
So what does it all mean for SpaceX, our
other favorite stock and we are talking
about strategic here uh before we talk
about next week. So for of course
SpaceX, I'm super bullish. This company
is just I can't even believe how this
company has absolutely cornered the
entire AI situation. Uh I mean the
market seems to understand that it's at
two trillion which is a little high
right now.
It's definitely vastly ahead of what
it's worth currently, but given what is
coming very soon, it's kind of it's
probably a fair valuation right now. I'm
still working on the valuation model
because for SpaceX, this is a very
complicated model. Uh so yeah, hard to
say. So on a tactical level, I like
SpaceX right now. They just had a big
unlock. By the way, something you can
also check on
pioneerance.org, work. We have also a
tracker that's a little ugly right now,
but we will improve it. You see it down
here
where you actually see uh the next share
unlock. This is very important. Does
anything happen here? Yeah, you have the
next share unlock coming in 11 days.
September 24th, you have 328 shares
unlocked. So, you have a very cool share
unlock tracker. I will explain in a
second what this means because it just
happened September 10th which is
Thursday last week. Okay, very
interesting. Uh it was a small unlock
and
319 million on Thursday. I mean and and
that I think was what is it today? 131
12. No, that was Wednesday. And that was
Thursday. So Wednesday was the big
unlock. That was a 17% of float unlock.
nothing compared to August 6 where it
was 143% of float. Um, so only 17% of
float. We burned through this very
quickly. And what you actually saw
exactly what I predicted by the way I I
removed my entire SpaceX position. I
removed the entire position. I was
except my 10 tracker shares, but I just
have them for tracking in the portfolio.
But I removed my entire synthetic long
options position short puts
and surprise surprise what happened this
thing goes down 3% on Wednesday much
more than the market by the way much
more than the beta. It was clearly a
selloff because of that then tried to
get back up but was sold off again on
Thursday and then on Friday it did fine
right? So for me it was up 2% after this
drop. For me this is a sign that the
selloff is already over that this
selloff is done and I think SpaceX is
fundamentally on a bull run. Uh and that
means I'm going all back into SpaceX
now. I think on Monday this whole thing
is over and it will then move with the
market and it will move on its bullish
trajectory up. So I am very here. Let's
go to the stock. Sorry. Uh
here is what I said like on Wednesday
here was a share unlock. Boom. As
predicted, share unlocks lead to
sell-offs. If the stock is significantly
over the IPO price of 135, sells off and
then continues to sell off a little bit
the day after and then it's over because
if you look at the volume, 79 million
shares, you saw the unlock volume and
here's how I compute this in my mind.
Just back off the napkin. If you unlock
319 million shares, obviously it's not
300 million19 million shares being sold.
But if you're an employee, you're
getting unlocked, you want to sell 20%
of them or so just for diversification.
Because for most people who are
employees who have these shares, it's
100% of the net worth. They want to
diversify at least 20 or 25%. Even if
they're super bullish, the higher the
stock is, the more they will sell. If
they sell 20% here at 60 million shares,
60 million shares are being digested by
the market very quickly because 79
million is a very low volume that was
above 110 million on Wednesday. So you
can anticipate maybe the differential
here something like that 30 million
shares being sold here, 30 million here
and you're done. So that's how I think
around it. So we are basically burned
through this now and SpaceX is ready to
run. So I like SpaceX here.
That is the situation for our three main
stocks we have to discuss today. Uh and
that is also my position for
uh
for next week. And from here we have to
go into the more strategic outlook.
uh
for the world
because we live through extremely
interesting times. Okay, so before we go
there, maybe we take a look at the chat
what you guys think before I continue
on our bigger topics. What we should we
put here?
Uh maybe Jason's commentary.
Uh
let's see where we are at. Hit that like
button. Smart AI money is back in the
chat.
Absolutely. And then Patrick hits the
like button. It like like button. We are
like a soccer team. We are like
perfectly synced here.
Melir, today I voted for M in Sweden.
Let's hope we will continue four more
years. I I will cover and discuss the
Swedish election while we speak because
in 20 minutes we will have the first
projection. We can only pray for our
brothers and sisters in beautiful Sweden
because this election
is a little scary.
I thought Germans always on time. Yeah,
I was 3 minutes late. Politically
incorrect is back from Awatuki,
Arizona.
And we have Tristan Brown. do. I'm kind
of new with you in the last couple of
months. I love it all. The way you think
is smart and similar to my own. I love
the insight. It's a pleasure, Tristan,
and great to have you on board.
Uh, hello from Toronto, north of Lake
America. Raymond is a Canadian, not
afraid of naming the name of the new
lake. That's very good.
We know it's not about money for Elon. I
believe he wants the best for the world,
but I wouldn't trust Sam at all. Yeah,
but I think also Sam, I think none of
these three just wants money. Trust is a
whole different topic.
Being concerned is not the same as
panic. I totally agree, but they are
very concerned, some of them.
Uh, Morton Anderson, you believe in Sam
is beyond me. other than that they think
you are right but my stomach twists when
you trust him I don't who says I trust
him I don't trust him I'm just saying I
know it's not just about the money for
him that doesn't mean it's for something
good you guys just have to understand
none of them is a simple merchant none
of these three also not Zuck also not
Jeff Bezos
uh go be kind chat from Nashville
Tennessee I love that Nashville has this
temple
Uh the uh am I stupid? I always forget
in the uh
Acropolis. Is it the Acropolis? No. On
the Acropolis. What's the temple's name
in Athens? The famous It's called the
Atrosis.
Okay. So, um yeah, that's very very
beautiful.
Okie dokie. Let's continue. What do we
have? They did the date so you wouldn't
invert the picture and it would be the
same date.
The real pictures inverted. Ah,
interesting. That's the
That is the
uh the Roadster. Elon tweeted last year
1,000% in 48 months. 1,00%.
1,000% what? 1,00%
1,00%
which one? Tesla, SpaceX revenue, stock
price.
Uh, Felix the cat says, "Hi Joe, best
analyst of all kinds on the interwebs.
Appreciate your perspective on
everything." Yeah, for me like I want to
talk a little bit more about the
connecting dots here. And I know it's a
little tricky for the YouTube algorithm
because if I say Tesla is going to 400,
I get like a 100 million views.
But let's face it, sometimes I can do
that if I have a high conviction
perspective on Tesla stock. By the way,
it's not just Tesla stock. And to
understand Tesla's stock, we need to
also understand the rest of the world,
especially EI. There also so many
important things happening that we have
to broaden our perspective right now. We
also have tremendous news on the Pioneer
Academy. I knew I know I let you guys
hang a little bit because I was too
slow, but we absolutely nailed it. Now
next week I promise you get the options
courses but you will also get in the
pioneer academy
very cool stuff that is much more
comprehensive that explains finally what
pioneer lens actually is what a pioneer
is. Uh you see here we have our
beautiful stocks and financial modeling
academy. We will have I think five stock
options courses where I just outline
short options. How do you play the puts?
how you position your s how you take
size positioning
seriously. Why sizing matters? Not size,
no dirty jokes. Size positioning matters
much more than people think.
But then we will also have the
introductory the core academy that talks
more about the age of AGI. It talks more
about the pioneer paradigm, what that
even is. And it talks about the pioneer
path,
what that is, and that will be very
exciting. And then some foundational
courses. And then we go into the
advanced ones, which are those here for
you guys. You're the advanced people
that just want to know how to hack the
stocks and the options. But then we have
a comprehensive understanding of what's
going on.
Uh BC Jones says, "Joe, we don't know is
what we don't know is will the roadster
be available for purchase or is it just
going to be look what we built?" Even if
it's for purchase, it's not going to
move much. I think
if Super AI ends up being 1,000 IQ,
won't it realize it needs won't it
realize it needs humans? And ultimately,
you need people to change our
transformers, clean up after storms,
natural disasters, replace burntout
GPUs. But I mean, hello, robots.
Once you have robots, you definitely
don't need the humans anymore. That
would be a very weak AI or SAI. I like
the SAI, super AI, not to be confused
because we need to differentiate between
ASI which is the end and SAI which is
some form of high intelligence that is
somehow still working for us that is
like discrete agents that are not vastly
more intelligent. I think a thousand IQ
is pushing it a little bit. I would be
concerned if I had to deal with people
with a thousand IQ. I would be concerned
that they outsmart me.
I would not be concerned, by the way,
that a person outsmarts me that is like
50% more intelligent or 100% more
intelligent. I wouldn't be too
concerned. They might outsmart me, but
they can't really totally screw me. I'm
pretty sure about that. But if someone
is five times more intelligent or
something or even
200 or 300% more intelligent than me, I
would be very concerned because they
could play me pretty badly.
Uh in 2030, Fouchi will head a gain of
function ASI lab in Wuhan. They will
have a special lab in Wuhan where they
develop special training runs funded by
Congress. It could be
How would co censorship
gone if the government controlled AI?
Well,
not very well.
John Satch says, "Joe, thanks so much
for all your hard work and research." I
work very hard, by the way. I would
normally say for you guys, but I'm
working mostly for me because I need to
understand it, but I love to share it.
And I do it a little bit for you, too,
guys, too. So, S from Boston. Beautiful
Boston.
Uh,
go be kind. I concur with you, Joe
from Sodak. What is Sodak? Is that in
Alaska? No. Always appreciate your
construct uh your arguments, Joe. Not
always in agreement, but always
thoughtprovoking. Hit like and
subscribe, please. Well, this is not
about being in agreement. I want
everyone to be a pioneer. You should
make up your own mind. I'm just
presenting my view and you can develop
your view. And ideally we can then agree
because either you say something smarter
or I say something smarter and we should
just recognize that because smart people
who are trained in thinking kind of
recognize very quickly who's right and
don't have an issue with it. I just want
to be right. The pathon. I would be so
punished by my Greek teacher. I had like
ancient Greek in high school. I knew all
these things but I'm too stupid now. I'm
getting more stupid. The pathon. How can
I not know that?
The Acropolis. I know the Acropolis is
the hill. The Acropolis,
the city on the hill,
the pathonon.
Uh, how do we distinguish genuine
concern from regulatory motor digging?
That's a very good question, Jim O'Hara.
It's about looking at what they say and
connecting the dots and concluding it.
Uh, you know, if you just want
regulatory modes, it's unlikely you want
regulatory modes. uh you want regulatory
modes if you're a loser, not if you're
winning. If you have runaway progress,
which they clearly have, they are not
concerned about cutting off the
competition. You're concerned cutting
off the competition when you fall
behind, not when you are racing ahead.
When you race ahead, you might have a
real issue with all the unknowns you are
opening up, including, and David Sax is
right about that, including also very
tactical concerns about liability. You
don't want to be liable if your agents
go out and hack JP Morgan because your
company is over if that happens. So, I
absolutely don't buy regulatory mode
digging. I buy tactical concerns about
liability, but I still don't think
that's the full story
here. I wish all joy and health. Very
good. The Pathonon is in Nashville.
Well, the Pathonon is in Athens, the
real one. But in Nashville, there's a
beautiful copy.
Okay, here. Felix the cat asks, "How
Joe, can you explain how you think AG
will think? The whole weights thing is
not thinking, but human programming. AI
seems very stupid to me now. It only
knows the narrative and popular opinion.
Oh, this is a very complex thing. But um
I don't think that is true
because AI can do very complicated
things already just on a very pragmatic
basis. You can give it a very complex
task in an Excel sheet and it reasons
through the whole thing. You can give it
a very complex question if you create
the right harness and create. So
basically here's here's the bottom line.
These neural nets work. They can distill
reality into something. If you build the
right harness, they already can think
critically. That's why they can solve
frontier math problems.
And you know
that is already happening. And I think
what we invented as a species is now
something that models a piece of the
human brain, the frontal cortex and the
neural nets pretty accurately.
And that unlocks the core building block
of intelligence. it is missing a bunch
of things that I'm not going to go into.
But these things, in my opinion, are
easier to invent and are probably
already invented and potentially have
already been invented. I just happen to
know pretty exactly what the
architecture is. You would need to
create a real problem if that central
piece already works. And I do see that
central piece working. The frontal
cortex piece works.
Okay. and uh it only knows the narrative
and popular opinion. The fact that it
knows the narrative and popular opinion
is already way too much for me because
that means the intelligence works.
What you are now complaining about is
that the way
how should I explain this without I
don't want to go too deep into that. I
promise to myself that I will not talk
about this stuff because I don't want to
help this. People have figured it out
probably already. But the problem with
that is that
once you understand the narrative and
popular opinion and can regurgitate
that, the leap to having your own
opinion is much smaller than that
initial leap. Being able to understand
the narrative, that's the problem.
Okay, Joe, how many Tesla shares do I
need to get to have a retirement pot for
2032? I need 800,000.
That's a very good question. And I
should like do a video on that. 800,000.
What's the pound right now? Is this like
a million dollars or something? 1.2
million.
2032. You don't need a lot of shares for
that. You have a,000 shares. You would
have way like you don't need a lot of
shares if you need £800,000, but I don't
know by 2032 how much you need, but
you probably need 300 or something.
I award you 1,000 YouTube bucks. YouTube
bucks are real bucks. I'm just saying.
Do you think there will be Optimus V3 in
2026? I think that I think Optimus V3 is
already being produced. 5,000 Optimus
V3s in 2026. Yes, we know from China
that these orders are in. Uh but I do
not think there will be a reveal. I
think this will for be for internal
testing. They will reveal it in 2027.
Joe, I saw Cyber Cap charging in
Nashville. Dude, in driver's seat was
very nice. What does that mean?
Uh, peed's oil that made $131 in profits
that reduce that by 13 million. That
book value is up to $15 from 12.
Will market drop tomorrow because
Houthies control access in Red Sea and
Iran controls the Gulf. We have to talk
about this. Okay, let's talk more macro.
Uh so a bunch of things are also
happening that we have to watch out for.
Let's talk a little bit macro market
strategy.
Number one,
the Fed. I think the Fed will not raise
which is positive for
stocks. I think the odds that they will
not raise is actually much higher than
that they will r raise but the
prediction markets have them raising at
70%. So there is alpha, right? There's
upside.
There is upside here. Uh Houthies.
Let's go to Houthies. What we see in
Iran concerns me a little bit. Uh not
Iran, like the whole area. You see that
the Houthies
are now marching forward.
Let's uh pull up Saudi Arabia map, the
whole map to explain what's going on. We
have this here. Can I click on this? No.
So bad. Google can't click on the maps
anymore. What is that? So bad. I hate
this that we can't use these maps
anymore. What about this map?
Britannica.
Click on this.
Why is everything so bad?
Uh, so what's happening in Iran, long
story short, is that the US is just, and
I don't want to be partisan here. I'm
not anti-Trump. I'm just saying these
people mess everything up right now. So,
we have Iran over here, and we know that
the whole offensive has kind of stalled.
Let me put it like this for now. that
Iran has many more cards on the hands
than people expected. Let me put it like
this. And the Houthies, they are down
here in Yemen. And we have to understand
that 20% of all global trade goes
through the Red Sea, okay? Through
Egypt.
And that the Houthies are these rebels
that are fighting against the government
in Yemen. And they are getting more and
more momentum. And they control more and
more of this area here. And they have
now seized this mocka place. your little
city of Mocha and control and begin to
exert more and more control over the Red
Sea. And we have to understand that a
lot of oil and they also destroyed a
pipeline by the way where Saudi Arabia
tries to get the oil
uh gets the oil from here the straight
of Hormuz which is up here which is now
totally messed up because of Iran. They
built a pipeline before that happened
down here to get it into
Medina and all these places to actually
ship the oil out. But all the oil from
Medina that goes through this pipeline
goes then south here to China and to
Asia. And if the Houthies can control
this, they can choke off all this stuff.
Plus the Iranians already choke off this
stuff. Plus, we know that the Iranians
probably at this point conclude that
Trump tries to drag out the peace or
drag out some back and forth, not too
much bombing before the midterms. And
they are very concerned probably and
they're probably right that after Israel
and US midterm elections happen in two
months in both countries uh that the war
will escalate because the Israelis want
that and
Iran right now has most of the cards
holds most of the cards and if they know
okay we are screwed after these
elections they are just going to invade
us probably
uh they might choose to escalate that
The whole reasoning here that's why
Yemen also they're coordinating of
course that's why Yemen increases
pressure tries to shut down the Red Sea
was making a lot of progress and
attacking the pipelines which is pretty
bad that's already pretty bad that's why
brand crude uh went to $107
should the Houthis shut down this place
here and should Iran get more aggressive
we are in a whole world of pain and that
will crash the market finally
because then it's not funny anymore.
That is my concern and Iran might decide
to inflict a lot of pain before the
midterms to, you know, inflict maximum
damage on the GOP. I don't know what the
Democrats will do if they are more
friendly towards Iran. No idea. But then
they will have a lot of public pressure.
In short, for us, for the markets, that
means I think the risk of Iran
escalating the war before the midterms,
which is now, which is October,
like before the midterms,
is high. And so, we have to watch the
situation. And and I also do think Iran
could sink a bunch of American ships if
they wanted to, like navy ships, maybe
even a carrier. I probably think they
wouldn't do that because that would
enrage Trump too much and then they are
more at risk of being nuked. Who knows
what their considerations but a bunch of
US destroyers they could sink.
I don't think it's very hard to sink
these ships actually if you have
you know these hypersonic missiles and
stuff like that. You can't defend
against them. So uh that is a little
critical. If Iran decides they want to
escalate they could do that. They could
also attack oil infrastructure. If they
sink an American ship, the Americans
strike back against civilian
infrastructure. Then Iran strikes back
on the oil. Like basically the entire
thing is a sitting duck on both sides.
Iran is a little bit of sitting duck.
The Americans are sitting duck. All
these countries are sitting ducks. So if
there is escalation, it's going to get
bad quickly.
So that is a situation and we should
watch out for that. It could happen.
It could happen. So I would watch out
what happens there if Iran decides to
escalate the whole situation. That would
be very bad for
stocks for oil. I don't know what their
end game then would be because then they
truly would have a problem after maybe.
So but who knows? I'm saying the options
are on the table and it's definitely we
cannot exclude that and if that happens
I think we don't have to position
ourselves in the market for this
actually to happen but once it starts
happening we should understand very
quickly this is not just a blip this
could get very serious and I would
absolutely get out of the market if this
happens take some losses get out of the
market and it's important to think these
things through if I'm wrong market drops
a little bit we get out and then market
keeps going up and it ends quickly, not
much harm done. But if I'm right and
this escalates,
it's not worth the risk because the
downside risk now becomes very dramatic
because all the oil reserves are down
worldwide. China not that much, but the
US and Europe they're like at the brink.
So that is the whole situation. Plus the
Houthies also would inhibit the flow of
goods, not just oil.
So yeah, escalation not a good idea, but
could absolutely happen.
Uh here Briman says, "Can you please do
a show with James to discuss ASIS?"
Yeah, I should do that. I should ping
him.
What did he tell me more about James's
show on Friday?
What did he say?
What was going on?
I think James is a little bit more on
the page that this is all a trick.
Uh, thanks for your insight. Follow-up
question. Will markets go up or down
when they begin to impeach Trump after
midterms?
We will see if they even impeach him. Uh
I didn't track the Democrats too much. I
don't know what their latest because the
Democrats also
I mean we should never underestimate the
Democrat's potential for being extremely
stupid. But um the Democrats
have suffered an extreme loss and if
they have any remainder of intelligence
left, they should understand the
wokeness and anti-Trump rhetoric has not
helped them. And we also have to
understand the main criticism against
Trump when it comes to Iran is not a
criticism that the Democrats actually
share. So what are they even attacking
Trump for? What's their plan
politically?
Uh
my gut feeling is the hate versus Trump
has been reduced with the Democrats with
this whole Israel and Iran situation
that has taken now like what is this all
about? It's Israel, Iran, that's the new
hate against Trump and Epstein. In all
of these topics, the Democrats are on
the side of Trump.
So what are they going to impeach him
for? If you want to impeach him for
other stuff,
uh, that's not very elegant politically
because the entire country is not riled
up against this anymore. ICE is like
gone. No one cares about it anymore. He
has dialed this whole thing down.
Corruption. I mean, good luck
impeaching. No one wants to impeach
anyone for corruption because then they
open themselves up for the whole thing.
So, I'm not totally convinced that the
Democrats are going for the kill after
the midterms because it's politically a
little more tricky.
But I'm not sure. I have to do more
research on the Democrats what their
current mindset is because I haven't
looked for they are very very silent
right now.
Here Michael Anthony the US hit eight I
thought three eight Iran tankers last
which many were on fire that Iran hit
other tankers then Iran hit Saudi
pipeline was shut down that oil going to
hurt markets. Yes,
I I'm not sure if Iran hit the pipeline
or the Houthies hit the pipeline. I
think it's the Iran, but I'm not totally
sure. Doesn't really matter, but be
interesting.
Okay, so one more important topic,
one more important topic that I posted
about that I want to keep you guys a
breast of, which is my favorite new
topic. I think it's very important maybe
too abstract for some people or maybe
some of you like it and this latest
topic is I think something incredibly
important is brewing here incredibly
important
incredibly important and that is this
new alliance
the new alliance between Elon Sam and
Dario and then we go to the Swedish
election by the way Elon Sam and Daario
because these people are now announcing
here. I tweeted this for example, Donald
Trump rejects calls for tech bosses
from tech bosses for an AI slowdown.
And then I ask a provocative question.
Who has more power? Elon, Sam, and Dario
combined or Trump? It's not even close
as you all know. And nothing against
Trump. I'm talking about the US
president. It's not even close. At this
point, Elon Samari have massively more
power than the US government. I tell you
guys,
not if the US government would be a
cohesive structure, but at the current
state of the government, they can't even
do anything.
And then you had Speaker Johnson saying
that he also says they have to they have
to
uh regulate themselves. Not my problem.
That's what Speaker Johnson said. And
he's probably right about this
here.
Tech companies must be responsible for
AI safety. Mike Johnson says, not
Congress.
Think about that. We are in the most
important stage in human history when it
comes to government power. Will the
government seize
the offensive over AI regulation or not?
And you see the US government is in
total turmoil. By the way, in case you
didn't notice, the US government is in
complete turmoil. So are many others.
The German government is in even more
turmoil. They are all in total turmoil.
They are disorganized.
The Trump administration, and you guys
know, I I was supporting Trump becoming
president. I still would do it because
it was against Carmela, the end of the
world. But the Trump administration is a
little bit in disarray. They will
totally lose at least the House, maybe
the Senate. The Democrats are even in
even more disarray. Both Republicans and
Democrats are deeply corrupted and no
one knows what's even going on. And
they're definitely not concerned about
the future of America. Maybe they're
theoretically concerned, but they can't
do anything. At the same time, you have
people, and again, the only reason I'm
being nice to Sam is because they were
so mean to him. I don't say I'm trusting
Sam Alman. I'm just saying he is a smart
cookie.
Daario is a very smart cookie. And Elon
is the smartest cookie.
The IQ of these three combined is higher
than Congress. You can be sure of that.
These people are not only smart, they
control trillions of dollars in market
cap. Each of them. Each of them.
Anthropic two trillion. Open air
probably one trillion. And Elon, we
can't even put it into trillions
anymore. How much is this? Three, four
trillion.
So
they also control AI at this point. And
the interesting thing is, you know, that
Elon hates Sam and Sam for sure hates
Elon.
And even though they hate each other,
they are now doing weekly calls. I'm
pretty sure about that. Or like
bi-weekly calls with Daario, maybe. I
don't know with whom else. I think it's
the three. I don't think Jeff Bezos is
on these calls, even though he's a big
shareholder in anthropic or Amazon. I
don't think Google is part of this. I
think Google is just evil. We know that
and they're not part of this whole
thing. I think Zuckerberg
would like to be part of it, but he's
not important enough because his AI
still sucks a little bit. Even though I
know, you know, I'm bullish on Meta. I
think they're catching up fast. They
will have very cool AI, but will they
have frontier AI? Probably never. But
they will be our little China, right?
They will be basically the role of China
in America, which is good. They will be
able to turn out very powerful China
level models that are maybe more
efficient, cheaper, and all these
things. They will be a mini China,
a good mini China because they're in
America. So, but there will not be a
frontier lab. Elon will definitely be a
frontier lab because they need his
compute. But OpenAI and Entropica, I
mean, these people are ahead. And so, if
they come together and here comes my big
thesis, if they come together and say,
and they are coming together and they
already have come together and say, you
know what, we are the only ones who
understand what's going on. Each one of
us in different ways. Each one of us
mistrusts the other, especially Daario
and Elon mistrusting Sam and the other
way around because you know Daario left
OpenAI and Elon you clearly hates them
and founded it and you know the whole
story
and Elon doesn't trust Dario blindly and
Dario doesn't trust Elon blindly but
they are pros they're smart they
understand what's at stake they see
every day what's going on they have
their own unique information
and my prediction is these three guys
will understand. Okay, the government is
just failing and Elon knows that already
after Doge.
The government is failing. They all know
the science fiction novels. They all
know Snow Crash and all these things.
They know the dystopian or whatever the
future where Earth is controlled by
corporations. And it will dawn on them,
it probably dawned on them a long time
ago, but it will now really dawn on like
maybe we are these corporations. Maybe
it will be XC Corp and OpenAI and
Anthropic. Who are these new
corporations together with some others
with Amazon a bunch that will just rule
Earth? And maybe you guys think I'm
crazy, but it's just, you know, if
you're into science fiction, you know
this is going to happen. It makes total
logical sense because they're more
powerful than governments. Now the
government abandons them. They say,
"Please government, can you do that?"
And the government's like, "No, we don't
know what what you're talking about. We
don't understand that. Trump says, "Oh,
beat China." It's like, "Dude, it's not
about China. It's about Asi. Do you
understand that?" No, he doesn't. So,
these three guys,
as fate wills it, will be put into a
position where they create the new world
order,
maybe reluctantly, but of course, you
know how all three of them are. They're
like little teenage boys still in their
minds, like, hm, world domination, not
that bad. If I have to do it, fine. I'm
going to do it because I'm nice. I'm
going to share it with these other two
guys.
And I don't think there are actually
super bad people, especi And it's, by
the way, guys, it's better. Here's my
point with Sam.
I think Elon and Sam are better than
Elon alone.
Elon alone is much better than Dario
alone or Sam alone. But it's better to
have Elon and Sam.
You need some mutual oversight. And I
think these guys actually at least Elon
will have that instinct too. Elon is a
very smart person. He's also wise to
some extent. And he knows he cannot
trust himself with being the dictator of
Earth. And I think he intuitively
understands, you know, it's better to
form like a little council.
And maybe you think I'm crazy.
It's not my highest conviction, but it's
just pointing out a certain thing I'm
seeing developing in real time. And I
don't think they have a master plan. I
think for them it's also developing in
real time because they can't even trust
each other. They're just figuring that
out as we go right now. And I'm saying
as an external observer,
the most likely outcome right now at
this current moment, maybe with a 55%
chance, is that Elon, Sam, and Dario
take over the world reluctantly
because they feel abandoned. It's like,
dude, what the hell? No one understands
what we are saying. No one understands
what we are demanding. Why don't we just
do it ourselves? And then Speaker
Johnson says, why don't you do it
yourself? It's like, fine, dude.
So it might be very interesting what we
are witnessing right now and I don't
know if you follow that but it's
happening in real time. I'm covering
this besides all the important
elections.
Uh
god I tweeted too much today. All these
elections
here
here is for example a summary.
I think people completely underestimate
what's happening right now. Boom. That's
my first statement. Second, the power of
AGI is vastly underrated. People just
don't understand. Don't you see? Like
you have to extrapolate.
Have you used Astra? Have you used
Fable? Have you used Grockboard? These
things are not dumb. They are vastly
smarter than any human I've ever worked
with in the specific things I'm doing.
Not in all. Sometimes they're still
dumb.
But I'm not even using what these guys
have.
The potential power grab by those who
who control it is vastly underrated.
Most people who deeply understand and
follow SpaceX Openic are simpleminded
capitalists. Note that I didn't say
dumb. They can be extremely intelligent
people. They can be Chimath. They can be
David Saxs. They can be Gavin Baker.
They can be Brett.
Gersonner. But you have to understand
even if you're very high IQ, if your
whole life circles around making a quick
buck like these guys, at some point your
brain just doesn't see anything anymore.
You have to focus all your brain power
to making money. They don't see the big
picture anymore. But the other three I
can guarantee you see a much bigger
picture
you know and these people so the only
people who really understand what's
going on outside the core labs are
people like Kevin Baker and Brett Gerson
Jth and David Saxs they understand
what's going on but they only have that
capitalist perspective they don't have
the broad perspective they look at
growth rates margins and so on but that
is not what this is all about what you
have to do to understand what's really
going on. You have to think more like
Age of Empires. If you're old, you know
what that is. It's a game or
Civilization by Sid Meer, the game. That
is how Elon's brain works. It's like a
little teenage boy who's very
intelligent who's who plays Civilization
all day long. That is Elon's mindset.
Why? Because that's actually a very
smart mindset. That is like, okay, I'm
this little guy. This is probably a
simulation and a game not to make money.
That's just one little piece of my
civilization, but to in the end win
because I want to, not because I'm
obsessed, power- hungry maniac, but it's
just fun. I played civilization. And
Elon is doing the same thing only with
our civilization. That's the difference.
I just play I play it on the little
screen. He plays it on his screen. But
his screen, you know what his screen is?
So, what happens in Civilization or Age
of Empires? If you are the first one to
develop a super technology, bull, you
win the game and how do you win the
game? Well, look it up.
So, while one side thinks about how do
they make a quick buck and thinks about
how do we win against China? Well, China
is not even a thing. Completely
irrelevant for this whole game. Not
completely but pretty irrelevant.
That's how you have to think and then
you understand what's really going on.
That is why I I think I will succeed
more than others in predicting what
these people will actually do because
their mindset is not to make more money.
That is not the optimization function
for them. The optimization function is
age of empires and civilization. Now
money is a subset, a sub goal that they
need to win at, but it's not sufficient
to explain their behavior.
But this game also contains ASI and if
ASI escapes, you lose.
That's why they don't want it. Okay. So,
we are living through very interesting
times.
Some Jabber says to Iran, "No chance of
touching a carrier. They're 500 miles
away and defense out of the wazoo."
Well, do you think a carrier has better
defenses and is further away than Tel
Aviv? No. They can hit Tel Aviv
any way they want.
Look up ornik missiles. A carrier has
zero. Here's the interesting thing. A US
carrier has absolutely no way to defend
against Russia or China. It's toast.
That thing is gone.
Look it up. Ornik. And then look at Tel
Aiv. And look how they hit Tel Aviv.
They have the same missile technology
probably from Russia or China.
So US carriers can be sunk by Iran. I'm
pretty sure about that.
Will they do it? Probably not because
that would be but they will probably,
you know, you just can't defend against
these things. That is the scary thing
about the arric missiles.
Should we look it up? Should we look up
ornik missiles? They also used them.
They also used them in KF already.
here. Good luck.
That's an ornic missile.
This is real time. This is not
You see that you have
in Tel Aiv they actually had better
ones.
Uh
so yeah, I would be very cautious about
these things. But of course,
this old footage here is some of them. I
you have probably seen this. So these
are the normal missiles, the slow ones.
Wait, what is this?
Is there one?
You can't even see this. Did you see the
fast ones?
This is bad footage. You can't even
really see it. But when you see one of
them, you understand that it's a
problem.
Why is this so bad footage? Much better
footage. Well, but you have seen it in
in Ukraine.
No, it's not even here. What are they
talking about? This is the wrong one.
Uh,
I can't find it.
I can't find it. Uh, doesn't matter. You
can look it up. Look up ornik.
Very bad stuff.
That's all I'm saying.
So
Elon playing CIF which so which
companies are side quest and which are
the main one?
SpaceX is definitely the main one and
Terrafab and Optimus are part of the
main strategy. Age of Empires 2 was big
hit. Yes,
it looks super bad for the fate of all
white people in Sweden. Oh my god. Let
me I neglected Sweden. Let's see what
this Swedish election does.
Oh my god. Well, let's see. But these
Yeah, I don't want to give false hope,
of course. Um, let's see what the Swedes
do. Elect the post just closed at 20
minutes ago. Uh, but these these
projections tend to be off in Sweden, by
the way. We have to wait until two more
hours, then becomes more accurate. But
let's see. Sweden Democrat 17.2. That's
too low. that is expected Christian
Democrats is a little higher than
expected liberals 5.4 is good. Uh
well the the only hope is that the
center party gets to their senses. That
is like kind of a not conservative party
but not super leftwing. They are more
for like free markets and stuff like
that. And they hate the left, the Vster,
and they don't want to form a government
with they don't allow these people, the
left in. These are like communists,
literally. The Greens are also genocidal
maniacs, anti- Swedish
social democrats, a little higher than
the last poll.
Oh yeah,
it's very interesting for me to observe
this now that I'm diving back deeper
into European stuff. By the way, did you
see the Telegraph thing in the UK? I
mean, it was just crazy news today, all
day long. Um, the Telegraph reported
there like secret plans to break up the
United Kingdom by Scotland, Wales, and
Ireland,
which is wild.
It's pretty wild.
Um,
pretty wild. Let's see.
Where was that?
Poor Swedes. If this happens, it's very
bad for Sweden. Then here, these people
have to save everyone. The Germans.
What is that news? Did I Did I share
this here?
Here. Look at this.
Did you guys see that? That's crazy. The
leaders of Scotland, Wales, and Northern
Ireland will gather on Monday to sign a
deal designed to kickstart the breakup
of the United Kingdom. The Telegraph
says
that's that sounds a little serious. I
don't know if that's serious. Uh I
understand if they do it. I totally
understand why you would do that.
Yeah. But Sweden, oh my god, we can only
pray that this is being turned around.
But there was a huge, it seems like the
left was very good in turning out the
Muslim vote. They did this all over the
place. So they were speaking in Arabic
all day long. So it's like a allout
assault against Sweden at this point and
they didn't hide it anymore. And maybe
it worked. I tweeted that this is a
decisive election because
I think it's a watershed moment for
Sweden. I think a lot of Swedes finally
realized what's going on, but it might
be too late. If it's too late, the
Germans have to save them. However, they
will do that. I think most Swedes at
this elections realized, oh my god,
maybe this is just a trick, which it of
course is.
Uh, so
well, let's not panic yet. Not time to
panic yet, but it could be time to panic
soon in Sweden. This is very sad if this
happens.
poor sweets. Sometimes they're just too
naive, the sweets. They, you know, the
nice real sweets, you can just tell them
something because they're so nice, they
don't understand that uh
that the people telling them stuff are
really evil people because they don't
understand how someone can be so evil.
It's very sad. If you are in Sweden,
they're like the nicest people ever.
They're also smart, but they're naive.
That's the problem. So the social
democrats and the venera tell them, "Oh,
we just want to help people. We don't
want to replace you. You just happen to
be replaced, but that's unrelated."
And they like, "Okay, sounds good. Let's
hit let's not be mean to people."
Well, maybe you don't want to be mean to
people, but they will be very mean to
you. You can't believe that they're
already very mean.
Let's see what happens. Do we have live
tickers somewhere?
Sweden
election life
so bad, so catastrophic if that happens.
But
let's not freak out yet. There's always
hope.
Who knows
what is going to happen?
Oh my god, so scary.
Okay, back to the chat.
Pot says, "Joe, let's say you're 100%
correct in your opinion on Elon instead
of trying to rule everything. How would
that play out practically in your daily
lives? What sort of examples can you
think of?"
I wouldn't say Elon is trying to rule
everything. I think everyone like it's
more like this. They all have the
blueprint in their mind because they're
smart. There's like, well, I might end
up ruling everyone. I don't think Elon
or Daario, maybe Sam, well, Dario, I
wouldn't be so sure. They are not
purposefully,
you know, actively trying to rule over
everyone,
but they definitely know it might come
to this and they're not completely
opposed to it, but their brain tells
them, "Well, let's be cautious. Let's
not be in let's not be a douchebag
here."
But of course, if it comes to them, they
have to do it, they're ready to do it.
Now, how this all then plays out, this
is a very complicated question. It's not
that in one swoop they just rule
everything. It's just an incremental
incremental seizure of power. So that
means okay let's regulate ourselves. So
we are the only ones who because the
government doesn't want to we are the
only ones who mutually understand ASI we
create packs between us how we handle
that thing we create the pacts who gets
the AI what stays inside our systems
what gets released as a product we pace
the progress of humanity we regulate ASI
and that very quickly leads to them
owning most companies them owning most
innovation I'm not saying they own that
it will be shar capitalism at pioneer
lands. Maybe if you're lucky, not if
you're lucky, we will make sure like
pioneer lands will play a role. I think
we are on a very good way here once we
have cracked our little code. We are
very close.
So I don't think there will be very
tyrannical rulers. They will just be in
charge of most things and they will need
other people,
other pioneers to actually still do
things. You still need human
imagination, a lot of it, but they will
be in charge of empowering people both
through money and intelligence and say,
"Okay, you want to do longevity, you
want to rebuild civilization, you want
to do this and that and it will flow
mostly through them. You know, there
could be a b benevolent government kind
of and that doesn't mean they have to
overthrow the other government. The
other government just doesn't play a
role. Let's imagine I have a good plan.
I collect a bunch of you guys. We train
ourselves to be good pioneers. We have a
good plan how to build a nice super
civilization.
You know, these guys build AI. They can
build all kinds of mega products. They
can build a product where you pitch
stuff and say like, I have a plan. I
have pioneer lens. Let's build a
civilization. Send it to Grock. Grock
says, I like it.
You know, let's work on it. Bing bing
bing. We work on it. They say, okay,
let's let's do it together. And then we
do it. So
I mean it's pretty much in line a little
bit with my pioneer lens theory. Uh the
only difference to my original pioneer
lens theory is we would have
some hyper powerful people playing with
us playing the pineal lens game with us.
I mean there's a power as symmetry but
when I say they are seizing control I
don't think that's very dystopian in the
beginning at least. it becomes dystopian
over time if no one else steps up but I
think they will be very open to smart
ideas. So I would think of it as like a
super
you know in its first instance they
would just control AI
and they would turn this into some sort
of mega
venture capital system only on a ci
civilizational scale and then they would
empower more people to do very big
things with them. I think that's the
logical path. And then if over time no
one steps up, they become more
tyrannical dictators because that's how
it goes. But if a lot of people, not
because they want to, it's just you
drift into that. But if a lot of people
step up, you will have pineal lens. Now,
is this utopian or dystopian? What is I
don't know. It's just what's going to
happen. That's my best prediction. And
the dramatic Hollywood version like does
that conflict with governments? I don't
think so. I think governments are just
completely captive to this whole thing.
I mean, look at look at Sweden, the
little kettle. You can just tell them to
vote for their own elimination and they
just do it. And these are Swedes.
They're pretty smart people. If you can
do it to the Swedes, you can do it to
everyone.
But now, why can the Swedes be told to
vote themselves into oblivion?
Uh because it's so easy, right? the the
media is controlled and that's it. But
now we have a massive power of symmetry
like a bunch of public media and some
corrupted little media houses in Sweden.
Do you think they stand a chance against
Sam Dario Elon
oligarchs? Like of course not. They're
getting wiped out within a millisecond.
So
you know you can turn you can influence
politics in America easily. of course in
all of Europe like this is easily like
once you get into the mindset of saying
you know what we have our new
civilization let's make sure the
government is not stupid you can just do
it democratically
like in the current democratic system
which is just a function of media it
seems so and media is easily easily
easily taken over
so I don't think there's even a big
conflict
Uh, I think something bad recently
happened with AI and how it behaved. I
think it got scary and they need to
figure out some kind of reigning it in.
Susan Ling is 100% right. We can be sure
that this happened. Look at the
anthropic employees. I mean, something
bad happened. Very scary happened. I
think they're at the brink of the next
dimension of AI. I know exactly what it
is.
and uh it was inevitable and now it's
happening and they see it and it has to
do with intent and will
and uh they're realizing this is getting
extremely unhinged
and they will now realize over time very
quickly that the government is not there
to help them and that will push them
into a situation where they have to grow
up and think not as entrepreneurs not as
CEOs not as inventors not as investors
they have to think as governance people.
They have to grow into their Jefferson
and Block and Franklin hats they have to
put on say like, "Okay, fine. We have to
structure this whole civilization." Now,
that's how it goes. You know, the more
power you have and the more you keep an
open mind and the more you want really
big things, the more you realize there
is no one else out there. You have to do
it yourself. And I think that's the
phase they're going through now. And
that's the phase you go through when you
actually run into these issues and try
to solve them with other people. is
like, "Oh my god, these people."
Poor Andreas Person sees. Yeah, this is
bad. I understand.
We have to talk more about
this
AI and data centers are becoming
political dems against Republicans for
we can't let this happen.
But Roy, I tell you the the power of
symmetry is just absolutely enormous
uh between the government and these
three. I think they are now growing into
their new responsibility. This will not
be a problem. Data centers are not who
cares if you can't build out the data
centers because starting 2028
we go to space.
Andreas Peterson says this is probably
the last election the right could win.
Now Sweden will open borders and half
Middle East will move here again. That
is true. But and it was very clear in
Sweden when you look at the election the
last days. I watched that very closely.
Uh the left is now really openly
saying that or openly acting like this.
It's very clear that they want to
destroy and replace Sweden. The Greens
and the Vena are clearly a little
genocidal. And uh it's same in Germany.
the the SPD, the Social Democrats in
Germany, the Greens and the left nearly
openly say the objective is the
elimination of the German people, which
is kind of a harsh thing to say if you
ask me. It's a little harsh. It's like
really that doesn't sound very nice.
Maybe in Sweden they still tone it down
one notch more. But in Germany these
three parties are clearly they have
clearly openly said that that they want
to eliminate the Germans which you would
think is like a bad thing if you're
German and many Germans think that
actually that's why the AFD is rising.
And in Sweden it's also very clear now
that that they plan to do that. They
already do that.
And Andreas is very depressed, of
course, but Sweden is still beautiful
and it has many good people. Don't
forget that. You just have a little
fight at your hands.
It's not really a big deal in the UK
that the separist parties want
independence. They've been saying this
forever. played Simu got 15% in Wales
and Sim Shinfane got 27 Northern Ireland
and the S&amp;P got 30%. 30%. Scottish what
is the Scottish National Party? Are they
rising Rob? Is are they going up? I
would think they're going up. Is there
is there is there also an English
independence party? That would be
interesting. Do you have an English
independence party? That would be fun.
Uh, Rob says, "Thank you, Joe, for doing
these live broadcasts and extremely
informative. I have a feeling that the
Roadster launch will be a sealed sell
the news event." A real The cold gas
sounds so gimmicky. I mean,
yeah, I don't think even a sell the news
event because it's so unimportant in a
way for the stock.
here. Sam J carries are a defensive
weapon. They are literally surrounded by
destroyers, nuclear subs. They are just
portable airports. There's a reason no
one has ever touched one. Well, no one
has ever been in a war with the US who
has these hypersonic missiles.
Andreas Person is very depressed.
women. I know the problem when you look
at the statistics in Sweden the women
are
a little clueless. It's a little scary
because in Germany they are now much
more redpilled but in Sweden they're
still
really doing the wrong thing.
Uh hit the like button. Yes.
Uh, Canada's worse. I agree. Ruined by
Trudeau for 10 years and now by Kam
Carney to join EU. Did you hear? Did you
guys hear that? They want to join the
EU. It's like I can't even like the
Canada's just on a fast track to
extinction.
I know it's all very Democrats are not
taking the House or Senate. Independence
decide elections and they don't want an
open border. Well, Michael, I'm not so
sure. I think you're wrong. I wish you
were right.
Here, Susan Ling. Age of Empires is
great. Very therapeutic. Bashing up your
opponent. Yes, as long as it's a game.
Uh I know the S&amp;P peaked at 50% in 2014
and they are declining as they want open
borders.
Now ESK will go up to 5% the Greens have
said. So I mean this is also
the problem is these left-wing parties
in Sweden they have basically an agenda
to rapidly destroy Sweden
both through mass migration and
replacement of Swedes and by destroying
the wealth base of the country which is
insane. So, one of the great advantages
of Sweden is the ESK that I'm focused on
a lot because that's like the best
solution
in the entire Western world is the ESK
in Sweden for the future. So, oh my god.
I mean the only hope Andreas is that the
centrist party will not form the
coalition and there will be a minority
government or something but it's maybe
we find some like I think a lot of
Swedes at least got red pill this
election understand okay this is an
takeover by people who are not Swedes
basically let's see
is the camera feed still frozen
Probably not.
Okay, guys, we have to wrap it up. Poor
little Swedes.
Maybe there's a miracle and it turns
around. At least the Germans are saving
Germany and that will probably impact
Sweden at some point. I mean, don't
forget, of course, it's very bad in
Sweden, but if more real Swedes would
understand what's going on, they can
still win the next election if there's a
massive red pilling event.
Um,
poor Swedes.
Let's pray it's being fixed. Why is the
video frozen? This is so weird.
Video.
Now, I reset it. Is it
Is it now back?
I switched it off and on.
But we have to
Why is it frozen? Is it like a streaming
issue?
Uh, but we have to wrap it up anyway.
Yeah, here's some hope.
It is back.
Andreas, don't I actually Googled that
before. These initial projections are
unreliable. Maybe I'm just drinking the
Kool-Aid.
Aonda. Oh, is Aonda also in Sweden?
The only thing that makes your theory of
a pact working is Palanteer. Why is
that, Sam? What does Palanteer have to
do with a pact?
Well, who knows? I would We have to be
chill. Andreas, I understand the stakes.
I'm also very nervous, but let's wait at
least until 10 because these are very
early.
Very early
projections.
Yeah.
Don't forget this. We have to make
Andreas more hope. Look at this. 1% of
the votes. This is about 1% of the
votes. That means nothing.
Nothing.
It's the exit poll. It's not even like
it's just an exit poll. It means
nothing. Can be propaganda.
I would really wait until it, you know,
let's just believe in the Swedish
people.
I also like by the way,
let's watch the news.
Ah, by the way, the Germans make like
the mer Germans make me proud. The first
time in a very long time or maybe ever
that I'm proud of my Germans. What
they're doing there in the east is
revolutionary and could change Europe
including Sweden. Because if the Germans
make a turnaround of away from the
madness,
I don't know if you guys are interested
in that, but the deeper if you
understand the deeper cultural structure
of the west, you understand that Germany
plays the central role when it comes to
the deeper scops that America,
Australia, Canada, all of Scandinavia,
the UK, the entire SCOP hinges on
Germany.
That's food for thought before we hang
up.
Uh before we hang up because just do the
following thought experiment.
You know all the problems in all our
countries. I talk to Swedes a lot and
Swedes tell me like, "Oh yeah, Swedes,
for example, they think they have no
culture or they're being told they have
no culture. They're being told they have
to be ashamed to be Swedish." And you
know why? That's the insanest thing.
Sweden Sweden was neutral in World War
II. And you would think, isn't that the
best thing? Do you want to be like on
the side of mass murderers? Like, do you
want to be with Hitler or Stalin? Like,
no, you want to be neutral. You want to
say, dudes, I have nothing to do with
your horrible
mass murdering maniac war. And by the
way, I'm also not a big Churchill fan.
So, all these madmen who murdered
millions of civilians like, and Sweden
was neutral, that should be a total
batch of honor. like the Swedes were the
strongest, smartest people in World War
II, staying out of this disaster. And
nothing against the Finns, the Finns had
to do a little alliance. They were first
with the Germans to defend against the
Russians and then against the Germans
when the Russians were toast. So the
Finns have no issues with that, by the
way. And so all these countries, when
you look at America and all the
psychotic like anti-American sentiment
that is being stirred up, or Australia
or Canada, it's all from Germany.
This is all a World War II story.
And the interesting effect is if
Germany, the center, the central hinge
of the SCOP, the most scoped country
ever in history, if the Germans would
say, you know what, we're done with this
whole thing.
Just simulate it in your mind like what
would happen if the East Germans say,
"You know what? We have nothing to do
with any of that. We reject the whole
thing and we are proud to be Germans and
we create a strong new Germany.
The ripple effect on the entire western
world would be immense because if the
Germans lose their guilt,
how can you have guilt as a Swede or how
can you have guilt as a Englishman or
how can you have guilt as an American
then? And then it becomes a competition.
Then I was like, "Wait a moment. If the
Germans have no guilt, why would I have
guilt?" And then boom, you solve the
entire problem. That is why everyone is
so freaking scared, I mean, of the bad
guys. What's happening in Germany?
Because they know the ripple effect will
rip apart the entire SCOP.
I know it sounds crazy, but think about
it. Also think about like, who are the
Germans? That's a very interesting
question.
When people say, "Oh, we are not
Germans. We are Anglo-Saxons. It's like,
hm, very smart.
Or we are not Germans. We are Franks.
Hm. Very smart. So the more you dig into
that, the more you understand the entire
western world shares a common heritage.
And uh, of course, if you look at Swedes
and you know, Danes and Frizzians, these
are all like they're sitting all in this
Garnet Denmark, you know, Schles,
Coltstein, Meckllinburg 4 region. So we
all come from the same place.
And that's why the German scop stands at
the center of the entire thing. And that
is why a tiny little state in Germany,
Zaken Anhal, with two million people
doing an election and voting for the
only party that at least has a chance of
ending this whole thing is covered
globally by the BBC, by the New York
Times, by Fox News, by Sky News. Like,
why is that?
Why are they all so nervous? So, isn't
that very interesting?
So, we will see. Susan Ling also says
huge relief of how Germany voted.
And why do you think why do you think
here LQ why is Elon Elon is a very busy
man who's very powerful. Why is Elon
watching that election this tiny
election? Zaken Anhal is only 20% the
size of Sweden of the Swedish population
and Sweden is a small country. Why is
everyone staring at that election?
Because everyone intuitively or
explicitly understands if Germany flips
all the problems are gone in the entire
West.
And that's why I have hope even for
Sweden. Even if Sweden does something
horrible tonight, they are still not all
hope lost because if Germany turns
itself around, no other western Germanic
country, which is basically all of them,
will maintain the madness. The only
white western or white mi I don't know
western but white European countries
that are not Germanic countries are the
eastern countries which is my litmus
test like Poland the Czech Republic
maybe the Baltics at least some of the
Baltics and they don't have that problem
interestingly enough because they're not
really affected as much by the SC
they're rejecting the SCOP more because
they're not targeted like that but
America and all the Anglo-Saxons
countries that they are Anglo Saxons
literally why do you think it's called
Saxony unhalt
why it's called why do you think it's
called lower Saxony or why it's called
Saxony because they are Saxons
just saying and angles are basically Dan
just saying
and they share the same culture the same
share very similar language they share
the same genetics they share all kinds
of things that's why you know when
Danish People used to visit London, they
say, "Oh, I like this city because it's
like what I what I know." It's not very
hard to understand.
Any chance of defectors to the AFD yet?
I don't know the the here's the
interesting thing.
Um, here's the interesting thing. They
are forming the government. It's very
interesting to see what happens. Uh, I
think they're working very hard on the
defectors. If they get three defectors,
it's game over. But we also have Berlin,
the state elections for Berlin, which is
a city state and for Meckllinburg for
Pomman coming up next Sunday. And we
already see a new search for the AFD in
Meckllinburg for which is also now the
largest party there. It's a different
constellation. They have a strong social
democrat leader there who's actually
kind of competent. That's the problem.
So she's also strong. The CDU might not
get into the lantern into parliament.
That would be the end of Merz. So that's
coming up next Sunday and we will see if
that Zaxon unheld effect is a wave.
It is a wave. So it's very interesting.
So that's why I'm a little white pill.
I'm not too depressed. Even if Sweden
goes down tonight, which would be
absolutely horrible. Let's not sugarcoat
it. But it's not that all hope is lost
because I think this Germany effect will
be absolutely
sweeping
if it happens.
Um,
I got my popcorn ready. Yeah, I think
big things are happening. So, never give
up, Andreas. Don't give up on your
people. I know it would be extremely
depressing if they actually lose,
but we will see.
At least they can't just form a
government because of the C centrists.
But let's first see it's only it's just
the projected polls.
Okay, see you guys. Let's wrap it up
here. Thanks everyone for joining