Channel:     jobhakdi
Title:       10 Days To Cybercab Launch - My Tesla Stock Game Plan
URL:         https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UpWBkYTjkeg
Published:   2026-08-23 16:55 UTC
Fetched:     2026-08-23 20:00 UTC

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

taxi and autonomy vehicle fans, but also
as anyone who is invested in one of the
most exciting stocks in the world, which
is Tesla, of course. And for over 10
years, we have heard about autonomy
becoming a real thing, that cars will
drive themselves, and that we will be
able to hail a robo taxi on our app, and
there will be a beautiful futuristic car
coming to us and pick us up and drop us
off wherever we want. that has no
steering wheel, no pedals, and no
driver, and not even a remote operator
like Whimo. It will be fully autonomous,
and it will be driven by a new
intelligence, self-aware, knowing the
world, reacting to anything that could
happen. And most people and all bears
and critics of Tesla and Elon Musk said
until today or maybe until Friday that
this was all fantasy, that this was just
in the minds of some fanboys and that
this will never happen and that Tesla is
a fraud and that at some point it will
come out and it will implode like Enron.
But if it is a fraud, it is a very
elaborate fraud. It is such a fraud that
they will do all of this somehow. They
will defraud us and they will defraud
the robo taxis and cyber caps to
actually do all these things. Can you
even imagine that? And of course, we
here who understand technology, the
future, and the pioneers a little better
than Tesla bears. We knew that these are
not empty promises. We have tracked the
progress of the neural nets of FSD
version all the different versions of
the all uh to the FSD5 right now to
Cyber Cap production plans to the build
out to everything and we said that Cyber
Cap will actually launch in earnest in
May this year and I was wrong on that
specific prediction. Turns out it
launches in exactly 10 days from today
or maybe 11. It will be no robo taxi
until the 10th day of now. And then the
11th day there will be a launch in
Austin, Texas.
And when we look at the stock, as you
guys remember,
I said for quite a while, let's load
this thing. What's happening here? I
said for some time now that Tesla is on
its way back. After I went very light on
Tesla after the earnings, I said it is
time to go back in because Tesla is
dramatically under valued and now is the
time to jump back into the stock and we
will look at the stock chart right now
to see
when this actually happened. So, here is
the chart just to get right to it.
Here is the one month chart. Oh, we need
to go. Where was that? Here. Here was
the big drop. I said get out. I told
everyone a little late, but I came to
the conclusion to get out before
earnings. Roughly two hours before
market close. I had my stream and said,
"Ooh, I'm going extremely light." I did
not expect a drop like this but it
didn't hit me at all fortunately. And
then we were down here and let's go to
one month. I realized that we have
bottomed out that we have ashen Brenard
out the market pun intended
around 325 and said look take a step
back understand where Tesla stock is
understand where cyber cap is and that
was before we knew it launches
on a one-year level we have hit all-time
highs 388 around December 18th of last
year because of the excitement of Cyber
Cap. We had the robo taxi launch. We
knew that in April it was scheduled to
go into production which it did but then
we had a bad first quarter that I
correctly predicted. I was then wrong on
quarter two until that point where I
realized oo it's going bad. So that was
a bad quarter and now and now of course
we're back. So right now Tesla is
dramatically undervalued. We just
updated the new Tesla model. I will have
a comprehensive video on the new Tesla
model, the stock model, the valuation
model, high resolution
this week and we will look into that. I
can give it away to you guys right now.
The midpoint fair value fair future
value of stock of Tesla stock is over
$700 for 2026.
Now I think we are pretty it's pretty
safe to say we go going back to all-time
highs by the end of the year probably
much higher but my fair future value is
around 700 I think 12 or something so I
think the stock is dramatically
undervalued but more importantly we
understand
we understand now that we understand the
timeline that the market will probably
realize a bunch a chunk of these things.
So now we will see some sort of stock
rally. Now some people who are stuck in
tactical observations will say but Joe
look we had that rally we went from 300
what is this? Oh from yeah from 300 to
362
so we are up whatever 20% in
one month. Isn't that a lot? Like, no,
it's absolutely not a lot because this
is just closing the gap. This doesn't
even count. It doesn't even count. Look
here. We're closing the gap. Next week,
I'm pretty sure we closed the gap. I
don't want to jinx it, but 380 next week
to be cautious with these things, but I
think there's a lot of back in our wins
to 380. Okay. From there, in theory, the
cyber cap launch should help us go
higher, and we can definitely get much
higher next week.
But now we have to do a little game plan
and understand what are the traps and
trepidations in this whole thing. And I
have a specific thesis of what's going
to happen. Before we do that, before we
go to stock tactics here, let's just do
one more round of cyber cap fundamental
observations. What is even happening
with this whole launch? Okay. And we
know that in July 11th
that they announced that Tesla announced
we have cyber cap employee rights at
giga takes are starting soon. So that
was the first little precursor. That's
why we made a good trade here predicting
this stuff. We knew they're announcing
this. We knew something is up but then
the bad things happen in between. And
then a few weeks ago we saw okay they
are scaling and scaling. We saw for
example even places like Pennsylvania.
Here you see Tesla Cyber Cap spreading
all over the United States. So that gave
us a little bit of hint that something
is going on. Here's the Pennsylvania
parking lot. Looks very Philly. Uh looks
different from Texas. And these were all
indications that something is going on.
We saw here of course in Austin
yesterday
3:00 a.m. people observe cyber caps all
over the place doing something that no
one knows.
And we know this is real. And I also
said that the buildout of charging
stations and
vacuum cleaners and all that kind of
stuff is not that hard and we will not
view this as an obstacle. We also saw
that
Las Vegas has now approved 5,000 cyber
caps. You've probably heard about it.
So, we can now
go into I think Nevada, not Las Vegas, I
don't know exactly. I think in Nevada
they have 5,000 cyber caps approved
right now by the state. As you probably
know, a lot of states have the authority
to just grant these approvals. Um, so I
do not think, just to repeat this one
last time, I do not think that
regulatory approvals are in any way a
problem. The Nevada approval,
we can maybe look up the exact news. The
Nevada approval,
the Nevada approval is actually not so
much a
uh great regulatory victory.
Um,
this is here. Is this Nevada? It is much
more a indication. Okay. Here's the
Nevada. Uh,
here's the No, these are the blind
people.
Nevada. Nevada.
Here.
This is the Nevada news.
5,000 robot taxi. So what te what Nevada
tells us most people don't know that is
that Veimo got also approval at the same
time but but Tesla
applied for an approval for 5,000 cyber
caps or robo taxis and Whimo only
applied for approval of 1,000 and both
got it. So Tesla can now deploy 5,000
and Whimo can deploy 1,000. Why can
Whimo not deploy 5,000? Not because
Nevada wouldn't have granted them that.
Of course they would have. But Whimo,
why would Whimo ever apply for 5,000
robo taxis in Nevada? They can't even
deploy them. That's why Whimo only
applied for a thousand. So the fact that
Tesla applied for 5,000 and Wayo applied
for 1,000 tells you a little bit what's
going on. Whimo is dead in the water. I
said it a million times. This is not a
competitor. Whimo is a joke. They just
announced they reduced their costs for
the Whimo hardware. Hardware is not to
be confused with the actual hardware
with hardware. Whimo doesn't mean the
car, but Whimo reduced the cost of the
hardware to 5 thou to $20,000.
What is the cost of the so-called
hardware for Tesla? I don't know, maybe
$1,000.
It's just the cameras. So, Wayimo has
now reduced the cost of their hardware
from 120,000 to 20,000. That doesn't
account for their car. Add another
35,000 on that. Then they add 55,000 and
Cyber Cap will very soon drop under
20,000 per car. That is my prediction.
By end of 2027 or mid of 2028, we will
be at $20,000 cogs and then way more
will look at a technology that doesn't
really work, that doesn't really scale,
that cost them $55 to $60,000 per car
competing against a much better
technology that cost Tesla $20,000 per
car. And then good luck. And that's not
even the main reason why I believe
Tesla's absolutely superior here. Uh the
main reason is that this is the very
cool. It's actually not looking that
bad. By the way, if you have ever
watched these things, they're extremely
depressing. These official government uh
you know little council sessions on
things. So I think is looking pretty
good. I have to give it. This looks like
a normal nice corporate offic.
They're like well-dressed. They look
reasonable, these people. Uh, so I'm
impressed. Side note, the Las Vegas
Nevada government looks impressive.
Congratulations. And they're making the
right decisions. The EU could probably
learn a lot from them, but that's just a
different topic. So
before we go into my stock strategy, how
I played this whole thing, I mean, I
played it pretty aggressively. I'm not
going to tell everyone what exactly did,
but let's say I'm up a lot. And
it was a kind of a high-risisk move to
go so much all in on that Tesla
appreciation. Uh, but of course that was
the right thing to do given where the
stock moved and I will not reduce my
risk much next week until we hit 380.
Uh, but I will get to this in a second.
First before we do this you understand
that I always look at things from a
fundamental perspective. I look at the
stock from a technical perspective and
then I add the third dimension that is
very important which is of course the
macro perspective because you can be
right
here all the way to Santa Claus on the
fundamentals and I am always right on
the fundamentals. You can be right on
the technicals, and I'm not always right
on the technicals, but often.
But if you're wrong on the macro, you
get murdered. You can be a more 1
million% Tesla expert with no error ever
and you can still lose all your money
because someone attacks Iran or Iran
attacks someone else or Nvidia has bad
earnings or the inflation is suddenly 1%
higher. These are all completely
unrelated things from Tesla fundamentals
or technicals but they play a role
especially in phases where we want to
put on high risk trades with extremely
high conviction on Tesla itself. So
let's take a little little excursion on
next week's macro events
also with an Iran situation that still
remains the main concern for me. We also
have the bonds but the bonds are not an
acute problem. I mean that could turn
into an acute problem at any point. So
we have to watch them. But we have
basically three big topics micro before
we go into the Tesla actual trade.
And
um the situation is that we have to look
number one at the general macro trends,
number two at Iran and number three just
keep the bonds uh under control. So on
Monday we get the new Iran S sanctions
announced by Bessence. Treasury says
these will be toughest sanctions in
history. That means literally nothing
and they're definitely not, but
whatever. The critic question is
secondary sanctions on China, banks,
shippers buying Iranian oil. So, it's
not completely trivial because the
question is, how much does the US try to
impose sanctions on China and other
people who deal with Iranian oil? If
they go overboard, it might scare the
markets a little bit. Let's see. I don't
think so. I don't think that's the
biggest risk. On Wednesday, we get USPCE
inflation and Q2 GDP revisions.
Non-trivial. Let me put it like this. I
don't think it's a me mega shock. I
don't expect mega risks here, but we
should just
be aware that you never know. This is
before the market opens on Wednesday. Uh
the biggest scheduled macro release
consensus core PC is around 0.2% month
over month. GDP advanced estimates was
1.5 annualized but I mean GDP if it
comes in hotter
doesn't mean much could be bullish if it
comes in weaker it's bullish so GDP is
good because if it's weaker it's good if
it's stronger it's good it's one of
these stupid things uh PCE you know yeah
if we have hot inflation not great
maybe drives up the bond rates but let's
see
not super nervous about that. Then
Wednesday after close, we have Nvidia
earnings. Okay. And that's of course an
interesting thing. Nvidia, I mean, I
expect them as always to beat everything
to absolutely win everything amazing.
But any kind of jitter, anything here
that is not perfect is a little
dangerous because that could throw the
market into the next panic attack on AI.
Uh that the eye trade is over. But I
don't think so. It's like psycho. It's
like a little psycho girl. The market
like they had their tent tent tent
tantrum in July. They don't want to
throw the next one right now. I mean,
it's all psychology, right? Of course,
AI is like not in a bubble. Of course,
everything is amazing. Of course, we
will have massive buildouts and of
course Nvidia will beat. So, I'm not too
concerned that the market will wants to
go crazy again. Then Friday, August
28th, Fed check Kevin Walsh keynote.
I mean, Walsh has proven himself to be
very professional. He's not going to say
random stuff, but you know, of course,
the market could react to that a little
bit and change their probabilities.
35% probably of September hike. I don't
think it's going to hike at all. So, I
think this will trend down. So, this is
good for us. And then we have, you know,
payrolls.
Nothing else is important on the
Iran situation. New sanctions threatens
are desperate. US will fail. Yada yada
yada. Iran's president says US
memorandum's best path out of stalled
war. Uh Iran says Pakistan's army chief
to visit Tyran on Monday. So there are
some talks going on. It's definitely in
a deescalatory situation right now. The
I I hear them more and more talk about
oh sanctions and the other side saying
sanctions mean and stuff like that.
That's
pretty good. Uh,
and here, you know, US escalating
economically, escalating economically is
good. Iran is threatening retaliation,
of course. What else should they do? Um,
and Iran's president simultaneously
pushing diplomacy. Uh, the US Iran
memorandum remains the best route out of
the stalled war. So, Iran clearly
doesn't want war. The US clearly cannot
afford the war. That's why I said for a
long time this thing is over. It's just
a question of how much each week we want
to escalate. I think we are on a
slightly deescalatory
uh trajectory here and I'm not too
concerned about it. So now before we go
into the Tesla strategy, let's look into
the
bond situation which is on a systemic
level the most dangerous thing but not
acute.
And we are at 4.73 for the 10 year.
That's not good. The Germans of course
also completely disastrous. The Japanese
also completely disastrous. UK. No one
even thinks about that anymore. But
yeah, of course, cross the Rubicon. And
the problem is of course the Japan like
this is not acute. It's just I mean
acute in the sense that it's like Monday
or something. But it is of course an
extremely problematic thing that's
happening. I mean look at this. These
are Japanese bond rates and as you see
they're going through the roof and that
is very unusual. Why is this so weird?
Okay,
five here. I mean, you see what's go why
is this not reacting? So, you see what's
going on here? Uh, the Japanese bonds
were at what is this? 0.05 and now
they're at 2.886. If you know anything
about bonds, you can't even put that
into words. And they were already high.
They were 2% but now they are, you know,
8.886%
higher than on December. and end of last
year and they already rose like crazy
and that means the Japanese are pulling
the money out because they're getting
more money at home. The Japanese carry
trade is over or increasingly over and
that has enormous repercussions on
everything. And of course the US bond
bond rates going up also not very good
because as you probably know if bonds go
up stocks tend to go down because bonds
these are this is the biggest market in
the world enormous
and if you get paid free money on kind
of risk-free things like treasuries you
tend to shift money away from stocks
into bonds and if I say you when I say
you I mean like everyone and that sucks
money out stocks. So very high yields
are not good for stocks. They're
extremely bad for stocks. And these are
very high yields.
I mean, look at this.
I can't even put this into words. 2022,
the 10-year Treasury was at 1.49%.
Now it's at 4.7%.
Just let that sink in. If you leverage
these treasuries, right, you're getting
like over 10% if you just have a 2x. So,
this is like a problem more and more. I
don't know how to handle it. Uh, as a
market, I don't know what wash is going
to do. This is a problem. But does it
affect us of all these three things we
discussed?
If we are extremely bullish tactically
on Tesla, no.
We have to be cautious if something bad
happens next week. But I I would put the
macro risk on not very high on medium to
even low for this next week because what
we are discussing here with Tesla is a
week out trading strategy. It is not a
long-term investment strategy. Long-term
investment on Tesla is this thing is
ridiculously undervalued. This thing in
my opinion will go up at least 100% just
on what we have now.
That doesn't mean 100% now, but it's
just I think it's one of the most
attractive stocks ever. Um, but what I
like about the current Goldilocks moment
is that we have with a reasonably
lowrisk macro situation,
the launch coming up on a very clear
date. And here is exactly what I do. I
will explain to you what I do and then
we can go into the comments and see what
you guys think. I am extremely exposed
to Tesla right now. Extremely exposed
for two weeks, but last week I went all
in after this came clear and that was
very good so far. But I know my trade,
no pun intended, and I know that we have
to play this cautiously.
Here's the thing.
Is this going to be a sell the news
event?
First question is, is it a buy the
rumor, sell the news event? The first
part of the question is, is it a buy the
rumor event? Absolutely.
Okay. I bought the rumor. I made a lot
of money. Now the question is now we
have the rumor concret concretized.
Okay. Now the rumor yesterday went from
there is a launch coming to the launch
is on September 3rd.
Does it remain a buy the rumor event? I
would say yes because the stock is still
extremely low and didn't even close the
gap. So I do think we have
20 bucks or so to go in a very very
lowrisk situation
because how can it not go back to the
gap with that kind of backtail wind. So
I remain highly leveraged, synthetically
leveraged with options, short puts. And
when I say high, I'm not going to say
how high, but high. Um, and I will re I
will remain leveraged. Of course, I
always have a buffer. You know, you guys
know how I like to play it. I always
like to play short puts, sometimes
vertical spread or always vertical
spreads, but effectively naked for
anything reasonable drop. So it's it's
high risk if something goes wrong.
But given the situation, I this is a
very rare conviction level trade. Uh I
think this won't go wrong until
September 3rd or at least until end of
next week uh or at least until we go
back to 380. So there are multiple
conditions here. If we for example on
Monday go over 380
which could absolutely happen above 380
we need to be a little cautious but even
if it goes over 380 I would ride the
bull more if it happens on Monday or on
Tuesday because there's a lot of
tailwind but I would take down the
leverage because over 380 we have the
first big driver taken out the close the
gap then the next driver will be this is
huge
and we are undervalued. If he would run
up to 420 for example, this is a clear
sell. Okay, that is what I would say. If
he run up to 420 for the event, I would
absolutely go extremely light.
If we drag us slowly to 380 into the
event, I would go maybe normal long and
see what happens. So, I'm not getting
hurt if it drops back. Because if it
goes to 380 or 390 into the event and
then drops, that is a clear buy. Then we
will probably drop a little bit and
continue the run at some point. But if
you go over 400, 410, 420 into the
event, ooh, it's just going to be bloody
again. I I have no doubt about that. So,
is it a sell the news? We will see, but
probably yes. But I will not make a
statement on that until we see where
this price goes. So, of course, this is
one of these high attention weeks where
we have to do this daily and see what
happens.
But so far, the strategy has perfectly
played out. Let's go to the chat and see
what you guys say. This is the fun of
being a stock investor and trader
because you know at Pioneer Lens and
Pioneer Alpha, we are both. We have a
strategic perspective on stocks. We only
do stocks where we have deep long-term
conviction. But that does not stop us
from going very leveraged in or out in
tactical situations because I have abs
I've done this for long enough to not
hold through my Tesla position in a
stupid situation where I just know it's
going to drop and that makes a lot of
alpha and no one can stop me from
selling all my Tesla and going back in
in three weeks. I but I'm not
recommending anyone to do this because
it requires a lot of attention. But if
it's a full-time job for you, you can
absolutely do it. Okay, let's go into
the comments. We have another 20 minutes
to go. Let's put this beautiful
Austin, Texas. September 3rd
announcement up. We have 17 EV saying
howdy probably from Texas. Howdy back.
We have By 680 from Canada. Hello to
Canada.
And Andreas Peterson
says, "I only missed some seconds,
right?" I hope so.
Uh, stock me stalk me silly says, "Joe,
you're the Love your expertise."
Thank you. Uh, B Terry says, "Hi Joe.
I'm ready for robo taxi in Las Vegas."
Me too. And it's all me again. Says,
"Hello, Joe from Canada." Hello to
Canada. We have so many Canadians. I
love it. Canada. The beautiful,
beautiful state. Country country. State.
Is it a state or the beautiful country
of Canada with the maple leaf? Andreas
Prison, I love the fact you spend time
talking about Tesla semi. It will make
time for it will take time for caps to
scale. The best way to push in some
positivity into the Tesla community.
Spend another show to talk about. Yes.
Uh we have big fan number one. Hi Joe
from Paulo. I assume Palo Alto.
Palo Alto
with a nice University Avenue.
And what's the what's the coffee shop?
Oh, this has been so long. What's my
favorite little Oh, Cooper Coffee. Koopa
coffee.
Uh,
Canada and Wow, the Canadians today are
all out in force. I heard there's like
retaliation. the tariffs talks broke
down between uh Carney and uh so on.
Andreas Peterson says Sweden has placed
the largest semi-order instantly after
EF Metal dropped its strike against
Tesla. Wow. So the Swedish Union has
dropped their strike against Tesla by
the way if you if you didn't know that.
So there's peace in Sweden with Tesla
600 end of the year. I will be happy.
Yeah, but I'm I'm making a lot of money
with actual aggressive trades. So, let's
see. I of course 600 would be very nice.
I'm I'm definitely benefit from Tesla
going up, but I benefit the most from
being right about what happens. This is
more important. But yeah,
this is a very important question. Ready
trader one? Uh and we we shouldn't be
too, you know, we have to take it day by
day. Let's see how the launch goes. I
would definitely dial down my
expectations. I have low expectations
for how many? I would say not 15, but I
I would say 50 maybe.
I would say 50. I think this will be a
little more aggressive than people
think, but 50 is not going to save the
stock, by the way. Um, so I think it
will be a little bit of a bigger launch
in Austin. The question is, will there
be more cities or not?
And will we see hundreds in Austin,
which will be the bull case? I think the
bare case would be 15. The expected case
would be 50. The bull case would be 100
plus.
Andreas P. Next week I find out if I get
the job I applied for. It takes some
time. Project man for water and storm
water and wastewater. That's important
in Sweden. We have Tesla Granny. Hi from
Alaska.
Alaska. I've never been to Alaska, but I
heard it's obviously totally beautiful
and makes it hard for Teslas to drive in
winter when it's freezing.
Um,
and then we have V207 CCC. Hi, Joe from
Denmark.
Hey, hey, to Denmark. Do you say hey or
is this Swedish? Uh, hey to Denmark. And
then we have Tavan from Spain.
Beautiful Spain. Hello and welcome. Um,
I can't afford, says Andreas, I can't
afford to buy more shares until end of
November. I have to pay €4,000 for taxes
for ESK here in Sweden. Oh, I can
absolutely calculate how rich Andreas is
now. €4,000 for taxes, 0.8%.
Now, we know Andreas Peterson's stock
portfolio size. Um, I'm not going to
give it all away, but it's good.
What is your current estimate of
probability of merger before end of
year? Uh I am putting it to a low
probability. I think the merger it's
just complete insanity to do the merger
this year. I think it's complete insane.
It's too complicated. These are massive
operations. SpaceX is still in price
discovery mode. Tesla in the middle of
scaling stuff. Volatility on both sides.
I would really estimate the merge
happening 2027, maybe even 2028. So that
I'm not nervous on this stuff.
Sam Hookavin,
greetings from the Netherlands. This is
our first Dutch comment here. I love the
Netherlands. Welcome to the channel,
Sam.
Uh, caps are going to roll out like five
caps in one year, another pump and dump.
I disagree. Let's see how it goes. But
there is definitely sell the news risk.
But we will follow that very closely. If
we see sell the news and then we see
this is the real deal, we have to
absolutely double down and buy the dip.
And it depends from where it falls. If
it falls, if it goes into 420, so very
aggressive run from here, uh, another 60
up. Yeah, we have drop potential. We
have serious drop potential. If it
sticks to 380, no. Yeah, buy more. But
I'm very tactical as you can tell. I
need to be very precise because we can
this time.
I don't care about merger. I don't care.
Sorry. Uh, exactly. I don't care. Will
Tesla buy the boring company as
mentioned on Herbert's channel recently.
Thoughts? I don't care. I find boring
boring. I find boring boring. Even if
they do, no one cares.
Employee writes in GT. What? GFTX. What
is G? GFTX
G employee rights in GFTX.
What is GFT?
G GFTX. Oh, I I can't come up with it.
This is a needle is isn't a needle
mover. Cyber capital world will be
extremely slow and won't meaning impact
the bottom line. Well, but this can only
be true so so long. Like at some point
it will absolutely impact the bottom
line in a very very massive way. And I
think that moment is 2027 and we are now
scaling into that and if this becomes an
indicator that this happens for the
market
you know we have to be on our toes.
So my first cyber cap here in San Diego
this week said Ted Link's channel
probably had a test driver I suppose
probably
su Chris Rob time to sell my home and
purchase Tesla. I believe Tesla is
undervalued and housing will compress
once AI eats away jobs.
I am not a fan of real estate, but of
course you guys have to be cautious. Uh
it depends. Never buy Tesla in a way
that puts you in any kind of cash
distress situation because you need to
always be in a position if something bad
happens to just keep Tesla, hold forever
or double down. You should never be in a
situation unless you're an aggressive
tactical all full-time extremely
experienced institutional trader then
you can do whatever you want. But if
you're in any way normal never buy any
stock in a way that makes it possible
that you have to
actually sell your stocks.
That can never happen.
That's very bad.
Okay. Wow. I was in flight mode but had
Wi-Fi. That's crazy.
Um, Andrea says, "Let's remember 2027 Q3
Q USA will take it stance on robo taxi
on a national wide scope, nationwide
scope." Probably.
Uh, I'll be thinking more SpaceX and
Tesla, but hey.
Uh,
Wild Cat Maho
says, "Will you go hard into Tesla or
BTC for the remainder of the year?" I am
in a separate portfolio that's not the
Pioneer Alpha portfolio for complicated
historic reasons. I have high BTC
exposure, relatively high or is it
relatively? Yeah, it's a very big chunk.
This is very significant
and
I'm not a big crypto trader. I'm a
crypto holder. I have BTC. I have
Ethereum.
I bought Bitcoin. I met Chamath a long
time ago in Harvard on an event. Heard
about it the first time a very long time
ago. And then I bought I did not put a
lot of money into it, but now it's a lot
of money. I bought Bitcoin at 600 and I
bought Ethereum at 11. That was a good
buy.
That's very long ago. That's like 15
years or something. And I just hold
these things. I started trading a little
bit on the new Coinbase thing. Uh
with these derivatives,
but I'm not a big trader. I think this
is dangerous. So, I I just keep it. But
yes, I I'm very So if you ask me if I'm
bullish on Bitcoin, yes, I'm I'm 100%
bullish on this thing. Also on Ethereum,
I think they have built tremendous base
technically and they have tremendous
fundamentals. They are spread now all
over the institutions, especially
Ethereum and Bitcoin and they could
easily double. They probably have to
double and more. But how do they compare
to Tesla is very hard to predict with
Bitcoin.
Uh,
hi Joe. Joe Joe Hanky. Joe Joe Hankyu
says, "Hi Joe. Assuming Tesla unleashes
100 plus cyber caps across five plus
cities by the end of September." I mean
that's a big assumption. Could be, could
also not be. By the end of that trend
continues independent of any merger
announcement. What would likely stock
price range at the end of year? I do
think I share the CERN theory. If you
get over 1,000 unsupervised cyber caps
and scale at any reasonable rate, I
think we see a repricing of the stock,
meaning way north of 500.
And that could happen now any moment,
but it could also not happen. Okay, that
is the trick here. If you want to time
this on like we could have a thousand
unsupervised cyber caps by midocctober.
Absolutely no problem. That can
absolutely happen. But it could also
absolutely not happen.
Right? And if you're not experienced
with this way of thinking, you think I'm
stupid, but I'm not stupid. I'm just
telling you both can absolutely happen.
And so there are many situations where
neither one could happen, right? So well
one of them could not happen.
So we have to watch out. These could
both absolutely be happening and there
will be a month in my opinion the odds
that we will have a month in 2026 where
we have over 1,000 Ansua cyber caps is
much higher than not over 50% chance. So
we definitely have to start watching out
for that because that would drive the
stock and everyone is just waiting for
this.
Tesla bags are packed now stacking
SpaceX. Very funny.
Andreas says
it's something in the back of my head. I
heard something about the government is
to make a nationwide ruling out like the
administration. I don't know what it was
Trump or Tesla. Boomer mama. Uh well
this is like a
Nitsa is going to like announce these
new rules that everyone can have all
their cyber caps but that's normal
if the sale of cyber caps to the public
is also announced at the event. I wonder
how Wall Street will react.
Uh I doubt that well let's see what they
do with the selling but I doubt that
they will actually
do that. Is the sound low? By the way,
someone said the sound is low, but we
have that topic all the time. If you if
anyone thinks the sound is low, let me
know.
Uh,
here's the sound mixer
gain plus 21. This is high.
It's not very high.
Why is it so low? Higher.
Is the sound higher now?
Okay, let's see. Um,
Ryan says this is going to be overhyped
in my opinion and the RAM is going to be
painfully slow and stock ain't going to
rise higher for another year at least.
Uh, I would not bet on that.
If the stock drops below the 330ish, I
skip tax and buy more.
Nice. Okay, let's do the T sound check
if anyone has a sound commentary.
Oops.
Sound sound.
Sound sound. No, no sound commentaries.
Uh
here. Tesla started going back up well
before they announced the event. So, how
could it be sell the news?
Well, it went Yeah. Well, well, well, it
went up because it had to close the gap
and then they announced the event and
that just gave it another boost. A big
fan number one. Do you mean Koopa Cafe?
Yes, exactly. Koopa Cafe on this little
side street from university next to the
burger place
and opposite this bar, the only bar in
Palo Alto. Uh,
Simon Aspuras here. Greetings from
Lithuania. I've never been to Lithuania.
It's totally on my bucket list. I will
get there this year probably.
Uh, I've been to Ria, of course, and
I've a lot been a lot to Estonia.
Hello from Dallas, Texas.
Well, Dallas Fort Worth is one of the
prime two additional cities we are
looking at. Dallas and Houston are next
after us. There's no doubt it's already
drowning in cyber caps. So, KSA, let us
oxas ka Oxas, let us know if you see any
cyber caps there. Just took a robo taxi
to lunch and back in Dallas. Oh, there
we have it. Dallas news. Great
experience and cheaper than Uber by 50%
no tip required, but the app did ask if
I wanted to tip. Tip who? That's so
stupid.
That's amazing news. TMC,
I like the whole situation and that's
just people just don't understand.
Everyone's so hung up like, "Oh, it
doesn't work. It doesn't work. It will
take forever." Like, clearly it works.
Clearly, it won't take forever. Clearly
soon CyberCap will be a infrastructure
either now or in October or November or
in December or in January or in March or
February. Who cares? In the next six
months, this is happening. And once this
is happening, we are working on a model
in Pioneer Lens for the citizen plus in
the investment research uh segment. We
will have cool models out I think this
week. I think this is the week by the
way where we launched the Pioneer
Academy. Go to pioneerens.org.
There will be the Pioneer Academy. It
this will definitely be launched. I will
have courses on the Tesla model and we
will have many other stock models but
you can download the Tesla model. This
starts probably I would say on Tuesday
don't not today but you can go there on
Tuesday we have the Tesla financial
model live for citizen plus members and
there will be videos where I do the
capital academy. I go through the model
I explain everything. I'm not doing it
on YouTube because maybe that's too
boring for the broad audience, but I
will do it as a Pioneer Academy very
systematically. How do you do
valuations? How does a model work? How
do you do scenario planning and all
these things and another class of
models?
So, we will have a model for Tesla live
this week. We will have a Space X model
coming probably the week after. We will
have an Nvidia and a Micron model. We
already have them but this is a little
harder to have high confidence in the
models for Nvidia and Micron. Let's wait
for the Nvidia earnings. But for Tesla,
it's of course flawless.
We will have another class of models
which is not a stock model but they will
be robo taxi projection models and you
will get them also maybe even this week.
We are working very hard on it
and uh you will see what the pricing
does. There will be elasticity model for
a robo taxi pricing where you can see
what the TAM is the total addressable
market for robo taxi in the United
States and in Europe but separately for
in the United States based on pricing.
What happens if they are 50% of Uber and
they are 50% of Uber here TMC said it
what is the actual pricing only in
Pioneer Lands only in our research will
you be able to see and input your own
assumptions on the percentage of Uber
pricing
as a direct function of that we'll see
how many million robo taxes we can
actually deploy profitably this is a
very cool model I'm just saying
Alexander Zoga
says, "Hello, Joe from Albania. I bought
Tesla following the drop of 15% based on
your recommendation. That stock will
come at 360. Thanks, man. Thank you,
Alexander, for joining us from Albania.
I love having all of you guys on
Albania. I've never been to Albania, but
it's a very interesting country. Maybe I
go to Albania at some point." Um, so
welcome to the channel. Politically
incorrect says, "Most important comment,
hit the like button for King Joe.
I should get a little crown. I should
put a little crown here. Thank you so
much politically incorrect for your vote
of confidence for king of pioneer lands.
That is a great idea, but we don't want
a king. We want be be like modern
pioneers. But I understand. So Marty
party says Tesla semi is coming to
Europe. Uh when does Berlin start making
semiis? That's not going to be too easy,
but at some point probably also
semi-beam produced in Shanghai is a
needle mover. Yes. Hi Joe. Quick
question from Richard. Richard D Costa.
Hi Joe. Quick question. SpaceX bringing
along five plus gigawatts of computing
27 like Google but I don't hear people
mention how much they will also bring
online. I've heard seven gigawatts. Your
thoughts?
I am I think even I think every gigawatt
brought on by SpaceX is much more
profitable, much more effective than a
gigawatt of Google. Number one, I think
there's not even a comparison. You can't
even compare these two because the whole
execution, the ability to build them out
with real Nvidia stuff, not with stupid
little TPUs from Google. They're weak.
They can't really compete. This is just
very basic. Google is a different
business. It's similar to Amazon. They
cannot sell these huge training classes
like SpaceX. they can do inference
leases. So, it's fine, but a gigawatt
for SpaceX will be much more profitable
than a gigawatt for Google and much much
more valuable.
Um, 600 by end of year would be amazing.
Well, let's see. You know, we have to
understand these these stock prices are
a function of what happens on the
ground. We need cyber caps. We need
thousands of cyber caps out in order for
this to happen, but it could happen.
When you say Tesla hardware is just the
cameras, are you neglecting the amazing
inference computer and all?
I mean, of course. No, I'm saying uh I'm
saying the price is much cheaper for
Tesla hardware. Of course, they have
they have AI4 AI 4.5 10% more compute
power now in the new cyber cap by end of
year. This is good stuff.
Some that Tesla will drop back below 300
at some point soon. Do you see that
possible? I mean, possible is
everything. But in order for Tesla to
drop back below 300, the market would
have to crash.
Is that possible?
It's probably even likely. It's not just
possible. I think when it comes to
markets, we have to take I mean macro
predictions are tricky. We have to take
it always with caution. But looking at
the situation, especially with the
bonds,
I mean,
you know, if anything goes wrong here,
yes, we have a crash.
So we need to really watch out on the
macro level and Tesla. But Tesla in
itself I think is extremely attractive
right now.
Roller 420 31 minutes behind but I'm
here coach. Very good. Roll a for 20.
That doesn't matter that you're a little
late. That is fine. We have Kev Ho.
Kevin Ho. Kevin Ho.
Not Ho. Kevin Ho from San Jose,
California. Also beautiful little south
of Sunnyvale.
A nice little airport.
And San Jose is a nice street. Uh they
have this nice street. What is it
called? I forgot the shopping street.
It's a little California, but it's
great. Hi, Kevin. Oh.
Uh 300 is possible. Anything is
possible, but not probable. Exactly. I
couldn't have put it better. It is of
course possible but not very probable
and not very probable doesn't mean it
can't easily happen there.
Uh, epist epist po po po po po po po po
po po po po po po po po po po po po poet
episte po po po po po po po po po po po
po po po po po po po po po poet the
knowledge poet have to apply my ancient
Greek here uh came in 27 minutes late on
2x
hello from the beautiful west of Ireland
wow pot x1 I didn't even know that you
live west in west
Ireland this is beautiful
uh so welcome back Gigafactory Texas yes
most people think in terms of their
share price targets, but have no idea
what that means in terms of market cap,
which is the only number that matters.
True. I don't know how many people
connect that, but I know exactly the
market cap. Uh, but yes, I always buy
Tesla until I have like 260 euro left on
my bank account.
Very good, Andreas.
General Motors is up 55% for the year.
I don't I do not follow General Motors.
Uh I hate BTC. It's like tulip bulbs.
Well, it's a little bit different
because BTC is actually a thing people
use in finance. BDC is being adopted by
all major banks, but especially
Ethereum. We have to understand Ethereum
are the rails on that. The entire
financial system is being rebuilt right
now. So, this is not trivial. The entire
move on the blockchain. What you see
with Robin Hood making all these stocks
trade on the blockchain. Maybe even that
the NASDAQ is now 247 very soon. I don't
know if they use blockchain in there. So
this is like pretty real. We have to
understand that blockchain is a real
technology that is now really being
rolled out in finance and that Ethereum
is a main beneficiary of that. Maybe
Solana too. Uh now what does it mean in
terms of valuations and how is this even
connected to the price? No one even
understands. So I understand there is a
little tulip bulb situation. Maybe the
problem with BTC and this entire crypto
thing is that the rationale behind the
valuation is much much weaker than for
stocks.
Oh yeah, Marty party. When do you think
starting will be added to normal Tesla?
I don't know. But my team just completed
the most beautiful little thing where we
modeled out the Lufansa deal that now
have Starink on the planes on 800 planes
and this model probably coming out this
week too for you guys in
Pioneerlands.org.
Go to pioneerlands.org.
Very important. uh you will be able to
input new deals but also see the TAM for
the total deals of Starlink on planes
and what that does to the stock price.
It's not going to be as huge needle
mover but you will see the exact dollar
amount in the stock that is Starlink for
planes and then we will have more models
like that. This is very helpful.
Texas loves Tesla go looking forward to
caps in Houston. Yes.
Um,
they will absolutely not sell cyber caps
to the public for the next 18 plus
months. I agree. I don't understand why
they would ever sell cyber caps to the
public. It makes no sense because you
want to make the money yourself. Why
would you sell the cyber cap?
Go be kind. Hello, Joe from Nashville.
Nashville. The beautiful Nashville. I
was very surprised when I was in
Nashville about your um what is it
called? Am I stupid? The
am I stupid now? My brain is is failing
me. Your beautiful
Athens temple. What's
This is extremely embarrassing. What's
the big temple in Athens? Am I stupid?
Can't believe it. the Pathonon.
So, the Pathanon. Did you guys know that
Nashville has the Pathonon?
They have a replica of the original
Pathonon in Nashville. Absolutely
amazing. My favorite temple of all time.
Okay. Sound is good. Very good. People
who say they will uh wait to buy more at
3:30 are not for real. 3:30 will come
and then they will say they are now
going to wait for 300. Exactly.
I could not agree more. Michael
bought this little dip. Happy I did.
Yes. Uh we were promised an Optimus
update in Q1. Still nothing. No doubt it
could s the stock if it's good as Elon
says. Yeah, but we will not see an
Optimus. We know that Optimus will only
be presented once it's being sold. I
think Optimus is coming 2027. Why would
they even show anything? Oh, and here
Fraggy. Hello from Greece. Do you think
there's results of the midterms and
possible Republican defeat will affect
Tesla's stock? No, I don't think so.
This is I don't I think Tesla is hedged
at this point. And sorry to Greece for
not remembering the pathon.
Very embarrassing. I took ancient Greek
in school and I had multiple trips to
beautiful Athens and Olympia and all
these places. So I should remember it's
just too long ago.
And we have Tanela Wolfen Pickle. Tenela
Wolfen Pickle. This is the best name. I
love it. Howdy. From far west Texas.
West Texas is like a mystical place in
the desert or something. No one has ever
been there. It must be amazing. So to
Zanela Wolfen Pickle lives in far west
Texas and says I want a Model Y so bad.
I can't stand it, but I don't have any
cash. Only BTC and Tesla stock. Well,
you have to skip the Model Y. Hold on to
your BDC and Tesla stock. That is much
more valuable than a Model Y and then
wait until you're rich and then you buy
a Model Y. What about that? And in the
meantime, you just take Cyber Cap.
Uh,
hello from Phoenix, Arizona.
Howdy. Back from
far away to Arizona. I was driving home
from the airport here a couple of days
ago. Spot my first cyber cap in person.
I can't wait to eventually take my first
ride. We should not underestimate
Arizona. Arizona will have a lot of
cyber caps very soon in my opinion.
Robo taxi service Model Y in seven US
areas, Austin, Dallas, Houston, Miami,
Orlando, Tampa, and San Francisco, and
Bay Area with monitors in California.
Uh, but I think also in LA, by the way.
Uh, but these do not yet include cyber
caps, but they will in 10 days.
You don't always go on the fundamentals.
In May, we were going to 600. Yes, but
we were delayed.
Uh, San Marcos, California. checking in.
Hello to San Marcos. I'm ready for a pop
tomorrow on CyberCap news and drop after
event. I don't know how. Yeah, let's see
what happens tomorrow if he get a pop.
Hi from Granada. Some said others will
catch up Tesla because of AI. AI will be
a commodity. How far behind is the
competition competition?
Joe, uh I do not think this is as easy
as it seems. Even if AI would catch up
and even if AI self-driving becomes much
easier to do let's say in two years you
still need to validate this whole thing
put it into cars and do all kinds of
things. So that's not a non-trivial
thing. I do think and I said it for a
long time that by 2028 or 9 this will be
commoditized and within two to three
years after that every car manufacturer
can easily do self-driving. So I do
think around 2031 2032 this will be
truly commoditized
and so Tesla must have millions of these
things on the road to be safe. If Tesla
gets millions of these things on the
road in Europe and the United States
ideally also China but China will be a a
show in terms of competition. But
if Tesla gets multiple millions in
Europe and multiple millions in the
United States on the road by 2032, which
I do think they absolutely will, by the
way, uh it doesn't matter if there's
competition and that's the timing. If
Tesla gets delayed and stays under a
million cyber caps in the US and in
Europe by 2035, they will be in trouble.
That's my prediction.
So hundreds of cyber have been built.
I think 2,000 have been built. By the
way, 2,000 have been easily built. I do
think we have definitely over 1,000
cyber caps out in the wild. Probably
nearly 2,000
in parking lots. Yes. Not 245. There
definitely over a thousand start of US
government antitrust activity over the
years tells me that space Tesla would be
senseless.
Lee Ellison, I would disagree because
the advantage is that they spread so
many different verticals that they don't
have really have a monopoly on anything
other than SpaceX having their own
monopoly, but Tesla doesn't change
anything about that. So, you're adding,
you know, kind of totally complimentary
businesses.
The significance of the launch compared
to the testing they're doing now is that
this is a commercial launch and it's
cyber cap is a big it is a big deal.
Yeah, here. Extremely embarrassing. Go
be kind. Pathon. Exactly.
Uh Joe, you should reach out to Electric
Viking. Talk about what house batteries
and sun panels can do to help with
Germany's electric bill.
Yes, Electric Viking is very smart. I
like the dude.
Uh a Maya Huer. Why would the financials
not be most important for the stock
price? Robboex does not yet generate any
income. Will we? Well, you have to
understand
uh stock prices are reflective of
financials but of future financials. And
Roboaxi is the biggest cash cow we have
ever seen once it scales. And so it will
affect the stock at the moment where
people can put it into this little
spreadsheets and see, oh my god, it's
going to make a lot of money. We need
confidence that Cyber Cap is scaling and
that people can use it commercially and
that will absolutely drive it up.
Calling Canada a state is like calling
Ukraine Russia. That's not true.
Canada estate is is this is Yeah, it's
US. It's the imperial ambitions of the
United States. Likely Texas only and
most close to home in Austin, so not
California. Up to six cities and
possibly over 200 cyber caps.
I mean over 200 cyber caps. That would
be pretty serious.
Uh oh, we have so many comments.
Warning, FSD is extremely addictive.
Yes, be cautious.
Hello, Joe from Altus, Oklahoma. I
haven't been to Altus, Oklahoma. Hi,
Daniel. Great to have you on the show.
Uh, eyes on Austin, but Dallas and
Houston have been accumulating as well.
Yeah, I think Texas is absolutely the
number one for this whole operation.
Uh
here the car is royale roy royale. How
about this thought Tesla stops selling
cars and only leases them on
subscription. That way Tesla owns user.
I made this point that Tesla in the
future will very likely transition into
a fluid business model where you can buy
a car, you can lease a car, you can take
robo taxi per mile and you can do new
things in between where you can rent
Teslas. You know, the deal is always
some money down or no money down, a
little bit of money down, then pay a
certain amount of a month. you can use
the car for a certain amount of time
that can scale all the way to I'm just
paying you by mile to I'm buying the
entire car and everything in between. I
think it's very stupid that this has not
been done. It would open up a lot of
additional markets. So I think this is
going to happen.
We cannot easily be commoditized Tesla
amazing cost advantage. Yeah, Lee
Ellison, but once once autonomy is
commoditized around 2030, in my opinion,
uh Tesla doesn't have that much of a
cost advantage when it comes to the
hardcore Chinese people. Xpang, BYD, I
mean, they have a cost advantage over
Tesla potentially. Well, complicated,
but at least they are very close and
some of them are cheaper. So,
you know, Tesla's main thing is really
FSD and they have to ride that horse
home. Do you think the legacy car
companies are in trouble with the
release of robot taxes? Uh, yeah. I
think the the legacy automakers are in
Europe and the United States and in
Japan, they're in enormous trouble and a
lot of them will not survive the next
two years. A lot of them will not
survive the next two years. That's what
I think. Okay guys, it was a pleasure as
always. Greetings back into all your
amazing places from Albania
to Canada to Alaska to Sweden to Denmark
to the Netherlands to all the amazing
United States from Oklahoma
to Phoenix to Arizona of course to Texas
to California. We had so many different
regions here on I love it. Did I forget
any important region? Spain. We had one
from Spain.
A bunch of Germans, but no Germans said
anything about Germany. So, thank you
for tuning in. This week will be
decisive. Let's see how it goes. Go to
pioneerlands.org.
More and more things are starting to
happen on paneerlands.org.
Uh
yeah, and I'm thinking about getting
more people on Electric Viking is
definitely high up. He knows so many
things.
Thank you so much. Oh, Nashville, of
course. How could I forget Tennessee?
But I mean, there are so many states
here. So, but
agrees to Nashville. Sorry, I didn't
remember the pathonon. Uh and I will see
you very soon, probably tomorrow.
Stay tuned. And until then.