Channel:     munrolive
Title:       Inside Pirelli: Ian Coke on the Future of Tire Technology
URL:         https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=I8s6PzWdvjA
Published:   2026-06-04 12:57 UTC
Fetched:     2026-06-04 14:00 UTC

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Hello, my name is Jason Hill. I lead our
customer team at Monroe. And today's
guest on Monroe Live is Ian Ko, vice
president of technical strategy and
customer relations in North America for
Pirelli. Excited to talk about tires
with you, Ian.
&gt;&gt; Thank you very much. Nice to be here.
Thank you, Jason.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, I'm I'm genuinely excited. We we
don't often talk about tires and we
haven't had the chance to to learn some
of the things that I think our our
audience will find interesting that I'm
I'm fascinated to to get dive into with
you today. So um it's it's also
interesting to to start the discussion
by thinking about um you know the the
things that we try to uh expose from our
customers point of view and and the the
ways that
manufacturers of automotive parts
integrate the most clever engineering
solutions from the product perspective
along with the manufacturing solutions
that that merge the values of these and
and and offer I would say um unique
selling proposition. itions to their
customers and I I think you're probably
one of the best people to talk with
about tires in this regard. So, if you
want to give an introduction first and
then we can jump into the topics, it
would be great.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, sure. So, as you as you mentioned,
uh currently I'm responsible for
technical strategy here. Uh and customer
relations is just meeting people. So,
that's that's that's great. I like
talking to people about what we do. Uh
I've been we've been with Pirelli 40
years now or just over 40 years. uh
always on the manufacturing technical uh
quality side. Uh and yeah, I think you
hit it right on. I mean uh tires are not
necessarily seen as that technological
outside of our automotive world, but uh
it's a lot more than black and round.
And I think the development in the in
the original equipment world uh in power
trains in in in environmental
legislation has meant that the tire
industry really is a very uh technical
and exciting place to work in these in
these years.
&gt;&gt; Well, what's what's amazing when you
stop to really think about what you have
to account for as a tire manufacturer
and a technology source is all of the
mega trends in the automotive industry.
So so many of them end up with influence
on what you do. I mean the the change in
weights of the vehicles. Uh the the
increased proliferation of four-wheel
drive for example, the fuel economy
regulations which have a really profound
impact on on your requirements. Even
styling which you wouldn't think of
right off hand, but but really impact
what's going on on the tire.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, I mean absolutely. I mean I think
first of all I think obviously this the
tires are the are the only components in
an automobile that actually touch the
ground and as such probably safety is
the primary attribute that uh not just
Pirelli but anytime manufacturer I mean
any component manufacturer an automotive
manufacturer is thinking about a lot of
that is also helped and supported I'll
put it that way by legislation so
obviously that's an attribute that you
have to consider it's it's it's a
no-brainer right you you start with
safety, but then when you pile on top
all of those variables that you just
mentioned, uh recently we've seen the
advent of EV. Okay. Here in North
America, it's going we had a little bit
of a ramp and then we've dropped a
little bit again, but it's inevitable in
terms of powertrain conversion from
fossil fuels. Whether it be EV full,
whether it be hybrid, whether it be
hydrogen, all of these things do weigh
substantially more than a gas tank. uh
and also the the the brakes and and
everything else that goes with it uh
certainly influences what the tire has
to do just to support the vehicle's
weight to start with. Uh if you then
apply uh the fact that EV and hybrid
engines uh dramatically have a a higher
torque uh and transmission rate, uh that
also is another factor that you have to
put into the to the tire construction.
Um and it's made life very very
interesting because it's a tires when
you design a tire it's always or
traditionally it's always been a a
compromise right between weight between
rolling resistance between braking
distance everything is is a compromise
technology nowadays and maybe Jason we
can get into this a little bit later on
if we go into compounding or or
materials depends which rabbit hole we
want to go down has definitely given us
the ability to push out that envelope
without that many compromises. I still
think there are compromises or tradeoffs
rather let's do with trade-offs rather
than compromise. I say safety is never
compromised but for sure it is
definitely pushing the realms of
materials
uh compounding construction ideas.
These are all extremely
uh valuable technologies and knowhow
that have to go into the product to keep
up with what's happening underneath the
automobile at the moment.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. I mean it sounds so fundamental
but at the end of the the day like you
mentioned the performance of any car it
inherently stops and starts with the
contact patch. Those are the only four
uh points of contact that matter in the
end. So whether it's braking performance
or or even acceleration,
cornering, handling, it's it's all got
to work through the tire and you've got
to be fully aware of so many things to
make sure the performance is optimized
and where those trade-offs are are
impacting the tire performance. So um it
is interesting too to think about the
the proliferation of EVs, the change in
the market from passenger cars of sedan
size to proliferation of so many SUVs
that are so much heavier. So the loading
as in in EVs in particular, it's
interesting because rolling resistance
must be such a critical factor. At the
same time, the vehicles are so much
heavier than a comparable IC program
vehicle.
&gt;&gt; Well, absolutely. And there there's the
dilemma, right? Because you have to have
nowadays, I mean, ex extra load is a
given. We have now high load as well in
terms of load rating uh on on the tires
that go onto these vehicles especially
because a lot of these SUVs, EVs and now
EV trucks as well uh require the tire to
sustain an incredible weight and an
incredible torque at the same time. So
with that torque you need grip. Okay. So
you have a heavy tire or per say you use
you have to have a tire that's designed
to take the weight and the load. You
have a torque that you have to maintain
the grip at the same time. you need to
give the rolling resistance to give the
battery life uh as much as uh you know
to benefit the battery life as much as
you can. Um also combined with that EVs
and and not just EVs but also we saw it
in the high-end should we say you know
SUVs Maybback and stuff like Mercedes
BMWs 7 series and 5 series we also saw
that construction was making the vehicle
quieter and quieter. Now when you then
take away the engine, the combustible
engine completely and go to the
batteries, it got even quieter and noise
and comfort is now another factor. Now
obviously that promoted a lot of
different technologies. So I and I I
kind of say that we were already working
on noise cancellation systems uh before
the the advent of the EV, but that's
that's actually pretty good because it
enabled us to really that's a just a
plugandplay technology now into your
vehicles just to just to break up that
acoustic drum that you have rolling
around underneath your vehicle. Uh but
all the way down to uh and you mentioned
design as well before which I think is
quite an interesting aspect right. So
designing tires that instead of creating
air flow, you have important for a tire
to have air flow that goes through it.
You're not creating an airbank in front
of the tire all right down to the
sidewall design. So uh a lot of you see
these uh we've seen some very crazy rim
designs and uh curvature of the vehicles
to break down the air noise. Tires are
tires are part of that drag factor as
well. So also the actual design of the
sidewall is fundamental to the
aerodynamics of the vehicle as well.
&gt;&gt; I don't think too many people would
think of CFD as a as a core competency
of tire manufacturers, but it's
intriguing you brought that up and in
fact I wanted to ask you about that in a
different realm a little bit later. So
we'll come back to that. But when we
were getting to to know each other a
little bit and and talking about some of
the work you do, um we we also talked
about what the advantages and the core
competencies that differentiate Pirelli
are from from your manufacturing and
your engineering competitors. What is it
that separates Pirelli and what what is
it that you find put you at the
forefront? Because I think it's assumed
and pretty well known in the industry
that Pirelli does speak to the
performance end of the market that you
work in the premium space. What are the
differentiating factors and the tools
that you use to get to those?
&gt;&gt; Sure. And I think, you know, we have a
very strong brand, but uh I think
technology comes before the brand. So,
we're a technologically driven brand. I
know good luck my marketing guys aren't
here to listen to me say that, but we we
we do very focus on technology is what
drives us. Um Pirelli has and we've
always believed in uh advancing and
innovation. uh what drives us is and I
have to be very honest is is the
original equipment. So we work with lots
of high-end original equipment because
that's what drives the technology the
powertrain the the aerodynamics
the torque this is all being driven from
homologations and we apply that
technology uh and and it's very
difficult. So when we talk about
homologations we a tire that's
specifically for that vehicle. So you
may have the same tire size going under
two different vehicles, two different
manufacturers. Nine times out of 10,
those specifications are going to be
different because they're actually
tailored the technology of that product
the physical dimensions. You mentioned
the footprint, uh the lateral force, the
the the longitudinal force or traction.
These are all tailored for that
particular vehicle to give you the best
performance, the best braking, really
fine-tuned. Now if you take that concept
to do that you're having to use a lot of
engineering a lot of material competency
a lot of virtual simulation I know you
wanted to get into that uh as well but
all of these drive pirelli to really
innovate you know we want to stay ahead
of the curve we want to we want to work
on the difficult projects we don't we
want to we want to use that to expand
our portfolio of products and we expand
that technology a lot of that's also
They're driven by motorsport as well and
we can talk about that later as well.
But when you put all these technologies
together, we we're very honored to be in
Formula 1. We're very honored to have
the World Rally Series. We also do
motorbike tires. We're going to take
over GP next year as well. So, we really
we we put ourselves out there and we do
it on purpose because we want to drive
the technology to build into our
products and keep us at that forefront.
We we we make highv value tires and we
call it highv value technology. I think
95 96% of what we make is all in that
high value element. So we call that like
19 inch and above or 18 inch and above
and value technology whether it be
mobility solutions whether it be um
noise cancellation systems ultra low
rolling resistance products that that's
what or ultra high performance products
that's what we do. It's the difficult
end of the product. We're not a mass
producer, but I think that's what makes
life exciting. It certainly kept me busy
for the last 41 years. Uh yeah, and I
think you know and it's continuously
evolving and that that's what makes
Pirelli really should we say we we
innovate. We call ourselves a 150 year
plus startup. It's almost like every
every year or every day, you know, every
day there's something new that we have
to innovate, which when you think about
it, we go right back to that black and
round underneath the bit. People
probably don't realize how much
engineering and innovation is going in
every day.
&gt;&gt; Well, it it's a great point too that I
don't think people realize how much
innovation um is contained within a tire
because you don't see it in a lot of our
product segments. If we show somebody an
innovation, you can see this. You can
you can demonstrate what looks different
from a competing solution or if you show
them how it's manufactured, it's pretty
obvious. I think for tires, everybody
assumes, well, they're all they all look
pretty similar and they look the same as
they have for for 50 years in in most
ways. And we assume that from the
manufacturing perspective, they're all
probably made pretty similarly as well.
But maybe you can change our minds about
that too because I know you have a
manufacturing
&gt;&gt; since the 1800s when tires were be
pneumatic tires were starting to be
built. I think the basic construction of
the tire in terms of the elements that's
required are pretty well known and
pretty standardized. How you put those
materials in and where those materials
come from has been as as as diversified
as technologies advanced. Um we do have
very advanced robotized processes now. I
mean automation is part of the game in
any kind of manufacturing industry now
and that's another rabbit hole we could
go down for for many other shows but in
terms of the actual construction
normally it's a uh an assembly process
of semicomponents which are put together
and then vulcanized together. I've very
oversimplified that. But we also now
have technology which if you think about
a 3D printer we actually build tires up
in strips. So what why is that good?
That's good because we can put rubber
exactly where you want to put rubber.
And never forget that in general rubber
is a we use a combination of natural and
synthetic rubber, but rubber's rubber.
It doesn't always go where you want it
to go when you extrude it. So what we
found is using this kind of uh injection
strips uh building up very much like I
said like a 3D printer we're able to
actually construct and make the shape of
the tire and where where we need the
materials to go very very accurately. It
gives us the ability to change things
very very quickly which is and it also
bu enables us to build very small lot
sizes which in the name of the game now
as I said to you before we're not a mass
producer I think we produce something in
the region of 70 million tires but if
you combine if you look at our main
competitors they're in the hundreds of
millions where we concentrate is very
high high performance tires or very
specialized tires small lots highly
complex and this kind of should we a
construction method is very beneficial
for that type of lot size and uh
innovation.
&gt;&gt; Well, it's that there's a bit of a
paradox in the whole market that as
we've tried to expand platform usage and
and make things more accessible to to
everyone with platform and high volume
production processes. It's also becoming
more diversified even within that. So,
it's it's easy to imagine that you know
even relative to your market position
that the market itself is also going to
require different solutions. We've got
we've got a population of EV vehicles or
EVs and we've got a population of
traditional powertrain cars and it's not
going to change. There won't be one
solution in the end. There'll be more
and more in the end. So, it's intriguing
to think you have manufacturing
processes that that allow you to serve
all of those equally well. Um, I'm
curious to understand before we go back
into some of the fun things on
motorsports and simulation and and uh
some of the other things that Pirelli
does like America America's Cup um what
in the EV space what is it that really
drives um in in your perspective the
performance of the tire and and what
what do you offer the OE models and also
I just want to reinforce that you've
mentioned that you work with the OEMs to
develop bespoke tires for their
applications. I I don't know that
everybody stops to think about that. I I
think we all assume that if we go to
Costco or Discount Tire or places that
sell tires that they're the same, but in
fact, you do work with the OEMs to make
sure that the specifications are met.
&gt;&gt; And and for anybody who's actually
looking for tires for a specific
vehicle, um a large number of uh
manufacturers will also have specialized
symbols on the sidewall to indicate. So
that's we can without mentioning too
many specifically for BMW for example
have a star mark on the sidewall that
indicates that that star marked sidewall
is a tire specifically developed for
that BMW model. So in that size with
that star mark is for that model of car
which means you're getting the perfect
fit in terms of uh in terms of what's
going on and and that's very very
important. And if you take that EV
application, you know that that tire has
been designed to optimize what the
vehicle manufacturer had in mind in
terms of what they considered as the the
the peak performance attributes.
Normally up for an EV, it's rolling
resistance. So rolling resistance
translating to battery life.
Um the second one will generally be uh
clearly is the safety parameters which
we said is a given but wet and dry
braking okay which are in conflict with
each other obviously uh you have
obviously support of the load. So you do
have to have a more rigid construction,
a strongest con construction which again
if you think about it starts to work
against your comfort and then obviously
with the lack of the combustion engine
you've got the noise which is where we
apply the noise cancellation uh things.
So these are all things that go into
place. Um and you do you are very right.
We work with the vehicle manufacturer to
ensure that those attributes are
maximized within the whole envelope of
attributes that we can possibly give. Uh
I will say it's an interesting thing
that one of the things with the EVs and
when the early EVs came in is that
mileage or wear was not a great
consideration when it came to from an
original equipment manufacturer. That's
now changing for sure. But uh I I I do
remember looking at the wear rates on
some of these early EV vehicles using
even using the constructions that we
were putting together for them and also
looking at competition as well. You
know, we will make very good products.
I'm not here to decry any competition,
but the wear rates were considerable and
that's something that I think uh
consumers in terms of their expectations
were the first to say, well, this isn't
what I wasn't expecting. Right? You
don't expect a tire to wear out of the
20,000 or 15,000 miles when normally
you're 40,000 miles easy, 50,000 miles
if you're good. So, uh this was some of
the things that we've learned over time
together with the vehicle manufacturers
that mileage is now something that you
have to the wet mileage per se because
you could get one mileage Jason I could
get another mileage depends how heavy
your foot is right at the end of the
day. But actually it actually designing
in so block stability uh so block
stability helps with with with wear
helps with torque. So you know the
different types of compound that you
need to develop into those tires to give
a balance between mileage and also wet
braking and rolling resistance. It's all
it's been a very complex road. Yeah.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. We talked a little bit about this
when we were making introductions and I
was curious from a layman's perspective
from an engineering point of view how
much of it is the the the rubber and the
compound science and the tribology of of
all of that with regard to the traction
and how much of it is in the mechanical
design of the tires and you had some
interesting thoughts about that that I
don't think are intuitive to to the
outside world here and probably you live
in every day. I I didn't consider the
CFD and the acoustic part of it when we
were talking either, but maybe all three
of those things converge and the balance
of those in the tire design is critical.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. And absolutely and I think
different vehicles or different
manufacturers have different um
technologies
and ways to you know um put all that
together and it's as the tire maker you
have to work with individual with them
individually because not one spec will
suit all as we come back to that but in
terms of the tribology and the
mechanical design it's clearly a mix
it's clearly a mix right so that the
actual mechanical design of the tire the
tread pattern is very influential in the
wear rate, the water evacuation
etc. Uh the compounding itself is
absolutely fundamental whether it be an
allseason summer and all weather now
which is a new segment that's rapidly
expanding uh in competition with the
what we call you know the existing
dilemma between summer and winter tires.
But the compounding itself, having
compounds now that are able to, should
we say, modulate themselves based on the
construction and and and the and the uh
the technology that we use in the mixing
and the components that can actually
extend the operating window uh beyond
what is traditionally an allseason
compound or a summer compound for
example. Right? So the that glass
transition point where your summer
compound when it drops below I'm going
to do this in uh so Fahrenheit 42 44 44
Fahrenheit 7 degrees Celsius then uh
when when suddenly that summer
compound's now getting a little bit
rigid you're starting to lose your
ability to break uh it's becoming slidy
that's why it's called glass transition
point uh now we can mix compounds which
can actually extend that operating range
and give you uh a kind of a mix between
having compounds that operate well at 30
and are not becoming too unstable and
are able to then drop below 44 uh and
and and give you that ability to to to
to perform the basic braking actions
etc. So yeah, this is also the the
technology in terms of tread design for
me is fascinating now that we have good
sims, good virtualization. We're able to
predict tire wear over life. Not be not
just for the fact how does it wear and
how does it look, but also how does it
perform? You know, I think we talked in
the, you know, we're getting to know
each other about the fact that we a lot
of people test tires. A lot of people we
get all sorts of reviews. We review
ourselves, right? But they're all done
as brand new tires on brand new vehicles
in general. The only time the tires new
is when you drive out the dealership or
you drive out the re uh discount tire
for example, right? The important thing
is how those go on after 10,000 miles,
15,000 miles, 20,000 miles. And having
now compounds that for sure are much
more durable than they used to be and
able to adapt over a variety of windows
of temperature, but also tread designs
that adapt as they're wearing. Uh so
nowadays especially on winter tires and
allseason applications things called 3D
cyping just to go down another rabbit
hole that that provide uh to actually
increase your footprint and or your
addressable surface to the road as they
wear. So you're actually getting more
grip even though the tread's wearing
down where you expect to have less grip
when you when your tread's wearing down.
You're not able to evacuate water or
what's going on. These are all elements
now. So, a lot of mechanical design, but
it's all it means nothing if it's not
combined with that, should we say, uh
the lubrification or or or the way that
the compounds interacting with that
tread block at different applications
and at different operating temperatures.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Yeah. it. Well, it's exciting to
think about all of the attributes and
the the math that goes into that and and
your engineers comprehending all of that
and modeling it throughout the life of
the tire and actually being able to
predict how it will perform at 20%
treadware.
&gt;&gt; Just the advent I mean nowadays um even
even go right back to the start even in
the actual fundamental design of what
compounds that we put into the product
this is all now done also using AI. So,
we're able to create compounds virtually
using AI based on the vehicle
attributes, based on the tire attributes
that we're putting into the model,
create a completely virtual tire, but
not just in its static form, but in its
dynamic form. We're then able to put it
underneath a dynamic virtual model of
the car. We can either use the OEM if
they share their model. we can use
standardized uh vehicles uh if they're
not sharing or we're doing something for
replacement model and then completely
run it. So from creation of the
materials all the way through to how it
performs on a track virtually underneath
the vehicle in different conditions
under different loads under different
pressures and understand how that tire
is going to perform. This is all like we
couldn't do this 10 years ago. Now now
it's is it perfect? No, it's not.
Modeling snow not easy. Modeling mud not
easy. Other surfaces are much easier but
you know AI for me is a very exciting
it's not to replace anybody. Uh it's
it's really just to help you give you
the tools to be able to design and this
is really helping us to push those
design envelopes out. We can play. Can I
say that as an engineer? can play right
without wasting lots of valuable
resources and time and building capacity
and you know and also be a little bit
more sustainable. Tires aren't always
considered very sustainable. Uh but
actually you know we can actually do it
all virtually now and then when we go on
the track we we're almost 90% down to
what we need to actually make the
physical tire itself. So how much of
that simulation AI management that the
the all of that uh an analytical work
that you're doing now that's new and at
the forefront of your innovation how
much of that is is cultivated and and
done inhouse and how much of that is
with outside partnerships.
&gt;&gt; So um I would say we we always we
strongly believe to innovate by using uh
universities partners etc. The actual
simulation modeling is all done in
house. Uh about five years ago, Pirelli
invested in a AI center, digital center
in Barry in the south of Italy. Don't
ask me why it was Barry and Stella will
be able to correct me where I I didn't
figure out why it was Barry. 50 or so,
you know, uh engineers for AI who
basically work on this stuff. So, you
know, we keep it a lot in house. Uh, a
lot of it was also driven by motorsport,
by the way. So, I you love motorsport, I
love motorsport. The thing about
motorsport tires is you have to be very,
very quick. If something doesn't work,
you need to be able to design uh and
understand and simulate what went wrong,
what goes right, how we can improve it.
And a lot of this kind of um do we say
investment came through Formula 1, came
through World Rally, came through our
other can we so we say GP series and
other other series that we sponsor as
well. Uh that that has really driven the
investment in in virtual virtualization,
digitalization, machine learning, AI,
all driven to to to really speed up that
innovation cycle.
&gt;&gt; Well, and yeah, we and we did talk a
little bit about the the motorsports.
I'm passionate about it. I love it. I
have been my whole life. I I'm I love
learning a little bit from you. PL's
been doing Formula 1 for for 15 years or
more now. Um, I think there's a
perception that maybe it's a lot of
marketing and a lot of branding, but but
what you explained and and what I think
is really incredible to think about is
it's not necessarily the direct
application of the technology from the
series to the road cars, but the ability
to engineer those tires under any input
requirements and the tools that you've
developed as part of your participation
in the motorsports, including rally,
including Formula 1 motorcycles,
that core competency of being able to
simulate, apply apply a solution and
improve it week after week and the
ability to translate that process to
your production tire engineering is is
one of the takeaways that's of value to
you.
&gt;&gt; Absolutely. Understand you can't you
don't design a tire in isolation
especially in motorsport. You're part of
a ecosystem which is the driver and the
vehicle and and everything they do to
the vehicle. In Formula 1, we have a
dedicated tire engineer to each team
that follows every single race and they
are basically following every kind of
vehicle input through to the tires and
the tires back to the vehicle so that
we're monitoring what is happening
constantly. If you imagine that, that
that's driven a a knowhow and a thirst
for being able to convert that
information into machine learning, into
visualization, etc., etc., which we're
now driving through the rest of the
process. Without it, we would we test
with the teams, right? So, they're
allowed to test without changing the
vehicle because when they change the
vehicle, it's very hard to model
afterwards. So, when they do those tire
tests, they're not allowed, they have to
have the standard setup. They're not
allowed to change the setup, but they're
allowed to test the tires because we're
testing the tires, not the vehicle in
that case. So if you can understand how
much time is dedicated for uh for tire
uh development and tire testing every
season this year there's have been a
number of rules. We've had dimensional
changes on the tires themselves as well
from front to back as well that all had
to be modeled before. It was way too
late before we build
for 30 30 35,000 tires for the series.
Uh we wouldn't have time to do that if
we hadn't done the modeling and the
simulation first. Yeah, it's been
extremely uh uh important this drive
through motorsport through to the that's
not to say that we don't have some
carryroughs. I remember some of the
designs in SP I mean obviously one of
the things that the Formula 1 car has
extreme torque. So keeping the bead on
the tire. You don't want rim slip on a
on a on a tire uh when you're when
you're going from the line. Some of that
is has been carried through to some some
of our more UHP products. I remember in
Rally we have a we have a brand new
product out or fairly new called the PC
Tropheo RS which is one of these kind of
90 95% track 10% 5%
uh road products and the compound comes
from the rally. Uh one of the things we
find for for that if you want a you want
a very good tire uh ultra high
performance tire is consistency and
warms up very quick and that's rally
compound. So that's a that's an
interesting carryover straight from the
sport into a very high-end application.
&gt;&gt; So there really is technology transfer
from the motorsports
&gt;&gt; limited. So I think we mentioned before
you wouldn't be very happy if you if
you're doing the equivalent of 72 laps
and you had no tread left. you're
probably not going to be that happy. So
there are obviously there's some certain
things can be carried but in most of it
is knowhow uh especially in the in the
world of modeling nowadays.
&gt;&gt; Very interesting. Um you're even outside
of wheeled motorsports I even noticed
that Pirelli is a sponsor for the
Americas Cup and I assume there's also
some technology
&gt;&gt; again a lot of it down to simulation
aerodynamics. Okay. Because we're very
much into that. So that's been yeah
that's I it's several years that we've
been involved with that right from the
design phase again I think there's a
little bit association with the brand
and high-end sport and adrenaline and
that's the image that we portray but yes
there is an engineering so the guys from
the from the design team especially on
the bow and especially on those huge uh
keels that these those I mean those are
fantastic things I mean those those are
the formula one of the ying world at the
end
&gt;&gt; I I think If anybody's not familiar with
it and they're curious, they should look
and see the technology.
&gt;&gt; They've been working with our design
engineers together, if you can imagine,
tire engineers working on designs for
KES and uh surface surface technology.
It's been fantastic. The amount of bend
and stretch you get as well on those
things. Absolutely amazing. No, I don't
I don't think too many people would
immediately associate a tire company
with a sailing competition, but I love
the the idea to pull in technology from
other sources, especially when you're in
a market as competitive as the tire
market. The ability to think laterally,
the idea to take ideas from other, I
would say, um, disciplines that are that
are joined, those things really do pay
off in the long run as a technology
company in particular.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, absolutely. And it's a bit of fun
as well for the guys as well, so that
helps. So, so, so what else is um what
else is on the forefront of tire
development? I think you know at first
blush they seem maybe a little bit um I
would say already developed but there's
not a lot of room for innovation but
then you start looking and there's
there's adaptive
&gt;&gt; every time we start thinking that Jason
something else pops I mean what's next
couple of things couple of things spring
to mind that we're obviously currently
working on and heavily developed in one
is um sustainability as I said uh people
don't really consider tires as that
sustainable but we're very proud that
Pirelli was the first manufacturer and
actually here in the US in Rome we were
the first manufacturer to use FSC the
forest stewardship council certified
natural rubber in our tires. Uh so that
the use of sustainable materials is now
again I would say some people would be
quite cynical and say it's a marketing
thing. I would say I would come back
here and you say nobody's ever paid more
for a sustainable product in our world
ever. So we're actually doing it for the
technological advancements uh the use of
we now make a product in our uh and our
ultra high performance range with more
than 75%
of uh biodegradable and recyclable
materials. We use all sorts of uh
bizarre recovered metal recovered carbon
black from the paralysis of the tires.
We use um
ligignin as a as a as a reinforcement in
the sidewall fillers. The this is the
next wave of some of it driven by
legislation in certain parts of the
world. Some of it driven by pure
availability of resources which is also
something. So I think that that's that's
an edge that's coming through to the
product. Now the other thing for me is
connectivity.
uh we we and others now are starting to
use sensors in tires as we're coming
from motorsport to gather information
but now I think sensors are going
mainstream um or will go mainstream
sensors in in a basic application like
tire identification so you imagine uh
you call the roadside service what car
you driving I'm driving a whatever it
may be what tires do you have most
people go no idea
Uh but uh nowadays with the connected
vehicles having sensors in tires which
is telling the vehicle really not just
what it thinks it's got on but what I've
got on can help the road aside
assistance to bring you the right tire
for your vehicle. Easy one. TPMS is also
an ability on sensors now which is not a
reactive sensor but it's a proactive
sensor. So TPMS triggers when the
pressure drops too low. Obviously as you
know a sensorized tire can actually
track that. is tracking temperature and
pressure at the same time. It's far
quicker. It's far more accurate. So,
this is this is also an advancement, but
they're the basic stuff. Now, sensors as
we see it are able to do a lot more than
that. And like any technology, it starts
way you have way more capability than
applications. Now as we build up
connecting the sensors now through the
vehicle operating systems and PL did did
sign a joint um cooperation agreement
with Bosch obviously Bosch is flying
nearly I think more than 70 75% of the
onboard systems of most major vehicle
manufacturers now interacting the tire
sensor with the vehicle is now opening
up a whole set of different
characteristics from steering so direct
feel it measures the contact patch
It can measure in real time whether I'm
aquiplaning or not. So the you know it
transcends the the old ABS which is a
mechanical well mechanic used to be
mechanic but it senses up but it it's
not direct feel off the wheel off the
tire uh improves reaction time. So we
have you know this is I think that is
the future of tires and and it goes way
beyond that. Um, when we talk about
connectivity,
having sensorized tires, yes, it
improves what I'm driving, but what
about the guy behind me? If I hit a
water patch and I'm breaking faster than
everybody else, I'm t going to find this
everybody else is going to do me any
harm. When we go into, you know, the 5G
and beyond, vehicles talking to each
other. So, my tire tells my vehicle, by
the way, you hit a water patch, I'm
breaking it. It transmits that now to
the rest of the community around and
everybody else starts reacting a lot
quicker. That's that's that for me is
real. That's the the future of
sensorization and sensorized tires. Uh
they can do so much measuring the real
contact patch as I said to you before
altering the dynamic load. So in
measuring dynamically the load of the
vehicle so it can alter the suspension.
And the applications are endless.
Vehicles have so many sensors on them.
It's how you put them all together and
get them to talk properly in real time.
Real time is still the issue by the way.
So, we've talked about a lot about
connectivity, but at frequency uploading
data is still is still going to be an
issue. But yeah, that that for me is the
most exciting. Probably can hear it in
my voice. That's probably the most
exciting thing I see coming for T
technology.
&gt;&gt; I I would love to talk with you about
that for a long time because now my
brain is spinning here and thinking of
the applications as well. if you could
tell the car exactly what's going on at
the contact patch at all times. It's
just it's it's pretty fascinating to
think about the the potential for that.
And it's also interesting. I think
there's a lot of talk in the marketplace
about software defined platforms and and
the the architectures being so keyed
into the software of the the cars
themselves. I don't think people would
have associated tires in that
discussion, but now I'm thinking they're
part of they're part of the discussion.
&gt;&gt; They say we're the only thing that
touches the ground on the vehicle. So,
the real information starts there and
comes up. So,
&gt;&gt; yeah. Well, I uh I've really enjoyed uh
getting to know just a little bit about
the tires uh that you make at Pirelli
and the work that you do and the way
that you accomplish it. Um I've got a
thousand follow-ups that I'd love to to
dig in on myself and someday hope to
learn a little bit more again if we get
the chance to talk. Um, what as a as a
kind of a wrap-up to our discussion,
what what first of all, what is it that
you want people to to understand about
your business as a takeaway and and and
tires as a takeaway?
&gt;&gt; I think I think I think the attire is a
is a highly advanced technological
product. Uh it I forget the brand
although my marketing people will
probably have a fit but
the tires are designed for your
vehicle's safety and your safety. Uh
don't underestimate them. Uh and you
know if you if you have questions about
the tires which tires are right for you?
Should I be using winters? Should I be
using summers? Should I be using all
seasons?
people. There's a lot of knowledge out
there. There's a lot of people that will
tell you what to use and and really,
yeah, they're not just black and round.
That would be my final message. Ty,
they're not just black and round.
&gt;&gt; Well, it's uh it's clear that Pirelli uh
knows exactly what separates the the the
pack from from where you are in the
technology spectrum there. And I'm
excited to learn more going forward
about what else is on the horizon, how
you're going to bring it to market, how
you're going to do it at scale so
everybody can benefit from that. Uh, I'd
really love to understand more someday
about how the manufacturing process and
your your tire designs converge and and
how you deliver these things. Um, so
hopefully we get the chance to learn
more about that sometime if if there's
ever an opportunity. Um, thank you very
much for spending time to to share your
thoughts about these things and and how
you do it at Pirelli and I look forward
to uh to seeing you again.
&gt;&gt; My pleasure, Jason. Thank you very much.
Very very enjoyable conversation.
&gt;&gt; Cheers.