Channel:     futureaza
Title:       UBS Shock Upgrade Sends Tesla Flying
URL:         https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uVcyRkjNU8w
Published:   2026-04-16 12:00 UTC
Fetched:     2026-04-16 12:59 UTC

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Tesla dropped a whole bunch of news this
week. We're seeing movements on AI5.
We're seeing movements on Cyber Cab. And
we're seeing even a big stock upgrade.
Yes, UBS is feeling it. They're in the
mood and they're ready to party. Uh you
know who else is ready to party? My
buddy Herbert from Brighter. He's going
to join me. We've got uh several several
bottles of champagne to pop. I imagine I
haven't checked. I imagine they're in
the mini bar and cost $900 each. Uh,
where am I? We'll get into that, too.
I'm Brian. Welcome to Futurazza.
&gt;&gt; So, Herbert, it's a big week. Uh, this
is recorded on Wednesday because today
is now Thursday, and today I'm going to
tour the mega factory in Leup. Get a
bunch of answers to a bunch of questions
that have been lingering. I've seen even
those questions show up on your channel
at times. So, I think it's time to
address them. Uh, and I will also be
touring the uh, EC Cascadia
manufacturing line at some point in the
next month or so. Very excited about
that as well. This is what I do, you
guys. And thank you uh, to the patrons
and subscribers who make these
adventures possible. I can't get the
information from my studio. I've tried.
I get good information, but you know,
being there is something else. Uh, yeah,
I can read about Disneyland or you can
go. Which one would you prefer? Yeah,
that's what I thought. So, uh, Herbert,
first thing, it's kind of I mean,
hey, hey kids, let's read about
Disneyland. Let's watch a YouTube video
about Disneyland from someone who's
never been. I don't know. I don't know.
Uh, so, uh, stock pops on new upgrade as
UBS uh, sees eventual progress on Robo
Taxi and Optimus. Sounds more like IBS
at that point, but uh, what do you make
of this uh, stock upgrade? Yeah, this is
not the only one. I've been reporting
the last several days here, one right
after another, they're all uh saying the
right things, right? Which is the
regulatory approval of EU approval for
ne Netherlands for FSD. That was a big
unlock. Uh we had uh one of the analysts
actually go and test out FSD in Austin.
That was another one. And they're all
basically saying at this point FSD
version 14.3, it looks like it's it's a
go. and they're expecting robo taxi to
scale. So the most important thing is
that you're not hearing any more uh you
know skepticism or people who just
doesn't even don't even believe it's
here. They cannot it's no you cannot
ignore it at this point. Tesla's full
self-driving is to the point where it is
safer than human. They recognize it is
and it's an inevitable scenar situation
where they're going to roll this out.
And so now we're seeing institutional
analysts one after another basically
recognizing this that this is the case.
And here's just another one.
&gt;&gt; Uh so you've got uh companies like Kia
and Volkswagen who run at about 5%
margin. So on a $50,000 car, they hope
to make 2500 bucks. If you sell a Tesla
with FSD, you're going to make that in
25 months on top of your margin. And the
marginal cost to roll this out is zero.
Is that am I reading this number
correctly?
Well, but what if the take rates are
low? Okay, so just 10% of 8 million
cars. And I mean, right now we're
talking hardware 4 for the international
market. Uh but hardware 3 may come
later. And every car sold, we sold
hundreds of thousands last quarter. So
just 30,000 of them would get FSD at a
hundred bucks a month. 30,000. So yeah,
an extra 300 grand a month. No, uh $3
million a month in pure margin. Uh so
&gt;&gt; yeah, I just think that, you know, this
is a typical pathway for an analyst to
go, right, which is, oh, FSD is gonna
sell. That's going to add to the
margins. At some point they have to wake
up and realize this is way more than
just a tiny little bit of margin
contribution. This is fundamentally
changing what cars are. Smart car versus
dumb car. Cars that drive itself that
doesn't drive itself. Every car that's
sold is available for robo taxi revenue,
which is 30 grand per year recurring
revenue versus just a onetime $5,000
sale or what you just said, another
$2,000.
at, you know what I mean? Like at some
point they realize this is no longer
about comparing them to and there's no
comparison. A smart car versus a dumb
car. Just zero comparison at that point.
&gt;&gt; Yes. But I would argue that this move
just FSD's broader approvals is much
easier for them to understand.
&gt;&gt; That's what I'm saying.
&gt;&gt; You have to remember a lot of these
people went to party colleges and the
rest sadly clown college. So, uh, it's
not baked in. Are we seeing moves on
understanding better what Optimus could
hold for the future of the company?
&gt;&gt; Yeah, I was surprised that this one here
is sentiment while while the Optimus and
Robo Taxi programs continue to scale.
Again, we've not seen Optimus version 3.
You can say that that's delayed. It
clearly was delayed. Last year, Elon was
touting some number of, you know, 5 to
10,000 humanoid robots optimists by the
end of December. It didn't come. We
haven't even seen version three. But I
think if you're smart and you're
listening to the ground of suppliers,
you're watching the the actual
development of a 1 million per year line
in uh in Fremont. You're watching the
development of the 10 million per year
line in Giga, Texas. that development is
happening. you're looking for the hiring
then yeah you can basically tell that
Elon and Tesla is moving forward with
this Optimus program at scale at scale
and then of course how are you going to
you know power it what brains it needs
to have the the supercomputers and you
need those chips and you follow that so
based on those information you should
have a good understanding that Tesla's
Optimus program is is healthy and it's
about to go massive scale but truth is
we have not actually seen it Yeah. So,
we don't know.
&gt;&gt; I had a friend the other day say, "Look,
I understand the bare case for Optimus.
It's delayed. We didn't hit our targets.
&gt;&gt; What's the bull case?" And I said, "Uh,
Cybertruck."
Hear me out. Cybertruck wasn't delayed
because they didn't know how to attach
motors to a larger vehicle. It was
delayed because they wanted to make it
perfect. They wanted to make it better
and better and better and that scope
creep led to delays. With Optimus, they
could have had 10,000 out by the end of
last year, but it would have been built
on a grossly inefficient line building a
product they know is going to be out of
date in 6 months. Why are we going to
spend all that uh headroom thinking
about working on being distracted by
something that is a dead end? Let's just
move to the ne. It's right there. We can
see the next one. And then they get
there and realize there's actually
another one we can see that's so much
better. So when they do decide to flip
the switch and turn on the factory, u
the factory will be a welloiled machine,
which as I understand for Tinmen is
incredibly important.
&gt;&gt; It's important.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, I saw a documentary about it in
technical. So that
&gt;&gt; Did you Yeah. Yeah.
Who knows, man. Hey. Um, just going to
go real quick over uh the spring update.
First of all, um, you you've owned a
BMW, right?
&gt;&gt; I did. Yeah. I just like literally sold
it
&gt;&gt; maybe less than a year ago.
&gt;&gt; So, what uh what kind of spring updates
did you get?
&gt;&gt; Good question. Zero updates ever.
Forever. Never.
And I take it to the service shop all
the time and they don't do any software
updates.
&gt;&gt; They're like, "We can update your
springs if you want." Ah, it's not the
same, you guys. I'll chuck it to you.
You can say it's over the air. So, uh,
it's not a lot going on here. One person
had asked me, well, how is it 20%
quicker? How do we know it's 20? Like,
you can't just get 20% quicker.
&gt;&gt; And it has explained that. Well, it's
got a new compiler that can more
directly translate input to
understanding.
That's, you know, uh I don't know how
you can make a smaller, better version
of a compressed audio file, but they do
it. They know companies know how to do
engineers have figured that out. Uh so
&gt;&gt; are you talking about 14.3 being 20%
faster reaction time?
&gt;&gt; Yes.
&gt;&gt; Yes. Yeah. I mean uh we we've had a
number of uh beta testers uh AI drivers.
One of the best. He actually timed it
and he actually saw he can see
physically how much faster it reacts.
Like uh you know the best example he
gave was a a a
street light turns yellow. As soon as it
turns yellow, he timed it how quickly
before the start the car starts to stop
and how quickly before you saw the uh
visualization on this on a screen turn
yellow
2 seconds 2 seconds versus you looked it
up what is a human 1.5 seconds that is
faster the reaction time is almost
instantaneously as soon as something
happens you can see it go and then I
don't know you probably you interviewed
um David Moss
David Moss and his friend late at night
in a dark alley, they did this thing
where pretty dangerous. One of them
would jump out out behind from garbage
cans, not being able to be seen at all,
jumps out and you can watch the car just
as soon as it jumps out, how quickly it
stops. You could time these things and
pretty obvious that it is 0.2 of a
second. That's how fast the reaction
time is. And if you look at the data
that AI Driver includes in his videos,
you don't need to second guess. You can
just download and time it yourself. Uh
figure it out. Uh or just go through
using the I think it's the comma or the
period or the M. You can go frame by
frame through YouTube. Each one of those
is a 30th of a second. You can do the
math. Um so we've got a bunch of uh
little things and a handful of big
things. So, are there any um are there
any things in here that are big enough
to mention that you think could have any
kind of material impact for buyers?
&gt;&gt; Yeah, I think the big one is FSD, right?
So, we've been saying for so long here
that how do people who buy Teslas even
understand and know that FSD exists and
how do you convince them to actually
turn it on? That has been one of our
biggest complaints is that Tesla has not
educated, has not advertised telling
people about FSE. So what they've
launched here is now a dedicated app on
the actual, you know, uh app store that
they have now, not the app store, but
available on the the dashboard there.
You can choose it and it will teach you.
It has videos to teach you how to use
it, what it's all about. It can actually
has a big buy button uh to do that. And
then in Europe, we already know that as
soon as you buy it, it comes up with
this. I think you told me a threeinut
video explaining to people what to
expect and how to do it. Uh I ask people
who have not used FSD despite the fact
that they have a Tesla why they haven't
used it. And the answer is that they're
afraid and I'm like saying, but it is
safer at this point than humans. Still
not enough, right, to change people's
behavior. I'm not sure that education is
going to do it just watching a video.
But I think that there needs to be some
more kind of stepping stone to help
somebody who's just who heard about it
hasn't but is afraid because you've
you've driven all your life a certain
way like all your life a certain way and
then to let go and let this thing go.
You have this imagination going off and
you don't understand what to do. Even as
simple as how do I stop it, right? Well,
you just either just take control,
right? Either just move the steering
wheel or press a button. But they don't
even know that. So basics of how to turn
it on, how to turn it off, what it's
going to do, what it's not going to do
to test it out. I think that they should
do I think Omar had a couple of
fantastic suggestions about how do you
in how do you get somebody to use it
instead of saying you have to pay 99
bucks a month if you want it or you get
nothing. That's a big that's a big ask.
There should be free use for a certain
amount of periods of time. And maybe he
was saying even saying instead of
charging per month, charge per use. So
instead of charging me per month, what
if I just want to kind of test it out,
charge me per use and every time I use
it, you know, give me a certain number
of uses for free and then eventually
charge me per use and eventually I'll do
the cheaper by the bundle kind of thing
if I do the monthly thing. These are
things he needs to work out. But so at
least they've made the first step here
in educating people because number one,
FSD is the safest. It's so much safer
than a human at this point. proven. It's
seven times safer. FSE supervised is
seven times safer than a human driver,
the average human driver. So you want to
communicate this, you want this to be
out there and of course the revenue to
Tesla and for the understanding of the
value that people have. So that to me is
the biggest uh feature.
&gt;&gt; So when I uh if you look at the stats uh
you will find that according to drivers
they are all above average. Now I've met
two or three who are happy to admit no
I'm I'm not above average. I'm
definitely in the bottom half. Everyone
thinks they're a very good driver. And I
thought I was a very good driver, but I
now understand that when I'm in control,
I can't see very well except ahead of
me.
&gt;&gt; Apparently, uh that means the eyes the
eyes in the front mean I'm a predator. I
didn't know that about myself. Thought
of myself more as a gatherer than a
hunter. But uh that means if once you
get used to FSD, you start to realize
how bad of a driver you are. And you
know, especially when you're in a taxi
with a human driver. Oh, they're the
worst. Especially with the accelerating
and just pick pick an amount to put your
foot down and just
&gt;&gt; unless you wish to clean my wretch off
the back of your headrest, stay steady.
Um, but you know, who am I to judge?
Maybe that is the whole plan. I don't I
don't understand it. Hey, uh, probably
nothing. Cyber cab production line
continues and more vehicles seem to be
leaving the factory headed to the
outbound lot. Another 60 from Joe
Tegmire here. Uh, now that we're
midappril, I'm hoping we'll begin to see
even more of these showing up at the
outbound lot. Another 60. That seems
like uh a big number to see on a regular
basis. Why? Where are they sending them
to? Witchita.
Uh and the answer is yes. They're going
to Witchah. Uh they're going everywhere.
Why would they Why would they do that?
Why would they
&gt;&gt; I can tell you why they do that.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; I uh I can predict to you. I know
exactly where I'm going to find a cyber
truck a cyber cap being tested very
soon. And it's going to be right here.
My own neighborhood, Bellev, Washington.
How do I know this? Because Tesla has
job postings for 34 cities.
34 cities or data collection
supervisors. These data collection
supervisors are supervisors that are
going to supervise other employees.
But why 34 cities? And why what data
collection are you talking about? Well,
this is what it is. They're going to be
distributing these cyber cabs in these
34 cities and they're going to be
testing it with a human in front of the
steering wheel, but they're going to be
driving it as much as they can as you
know often as they can. By the way, it
is morning, afternoon, and graveyard
shifts around the clock. Why are you
doing this for 34 cities? If you were
only planning to launch seven, I am
still expecting seven cities to be
launched by the end of June. Okay, let's
say there they might be actually delayed
on that because that's what they
announced. I think they might be delayed
in that, but we're watching, you know,
massive lots. We're finding lots of
Model Y's everywhere, but I believe that
they're taking these cyber caps and
they're putting it to 34 cities and
they're going to start testing it. So,
within a year, I believe all 34 will
have launched and it'll be cyber caps.
That's what they're doing.
&gt;&gt; Wow. Uh, very exciting. I appreciate
that perspective. I share your optimism.
Maybe not on the timelines, but
definitely on
&gt;&gt; I don't know. I'm saying a year from
now. I'm not saying I'm not saying it's
going to happen in the next six months.
Yeah.
&gt;&gt; No, no, but June is also very soon. Uh
it's
&gt;&gt; Yeah. I And for that one, I said I don't
think that they're going to do the seven
cities by June. I said they will not do
that.
&gt;&gt; It'll it will be exciting to see. uh you
know if go out on the street and ask a
hundred people what year the Wright
brothers first flu and I'm going to
guess no more than three of them will
will guess correctly and only one of
them will actually know. Uh this will
change everything at some point soon. Uh
on April 26th, I'll be giving a
presentation for the Oregon Electric
Vehicles Owners Association for our
drive electric month in Portland, Oregon
at the Daimler Truck headquarters. Uh if
you want to learn about Cybertruck, I'll
be covering that and I'll be doing a
separate presentation about electric big
rig trucking. Come check it out, hang
out, visit, uh enjoy the day. There's a
lot to see and do. And if you're in uh
Thousand Oaks, I'm going to be at the
park next to Thousand Oaks this Saturday
uh checking out their Drive Electric
event and then you know uh see what see
what happens. Who knows, man. Uh thank
you so much to all the people who
support, who subscribe, who offer up a
buck or two on one of the many
platforms. YouTube as a channel member,
Patreon as a patron, or uh X as a
channel subscriber. uh those are the
reason I'm able to do these adventures
and I appreciate you guys. Uh thank you
for looking out for me and helping me
make it possible to bring you all the
great news, you know. Uh so what did I
miss? What did I misunderstand? Leave
it. I demand beg if I must. Everybody
else uh like, subscribe, stay tuned,
stay juicy, and I cannot wait to hear
from you clever robots at one of these
many thrilling events.