Channel:     futureaza
Title:       SpaceX Earnings Reveal Strong Long-Term Growth
URL:         https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IIWOWKzUcZk
Published:   2026-08-06 12:00 UTC
Fetched:     2026-08-06 13:00 UTC

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

and they think that they already got uh
100 times improvement, 10 by 10, 10
times more satellites, 10 times better
spectrum uh usage of the spectrum. So
they already are able to do video. So
all of this is just going to get better.
So Starlink Mobile direct to sell
shocking brand new business overnight.
Few people even modeled it out and now
they have to. It's here. Starlink Mobile
launching next year. If Gwen Shaw says
it, okay, I I'll give that a lot more
credence that that can happen.
Earnings, earnings, get you hot, fresh
earnings. Well, there's some good news
and some bad news. The bad news is, of
course, that uh SpaceX lost a half
billion dollars. Uh the good news is at
this rate, they'll be bankrupt in a
hundred years. So, uh I think a half
billion dollar loss for the quarter, not
too shabby considering the scope of
their ambitions. But I got my buddy
Herbert here from Brighter. He's going
to help us out, figure out what's going
on, and understand uh 50 years. Are they
going to make it? They're going to
actually increase their revenue [music]
sometime in the next 50 years. Can they
do it and how? I think that's uh all a
pretty silly setup, but at least you've
got everything [music] that we promised
in the title. Um Brian, welcome to
Futurza. [music]
[singing]
So, uh, Herbert, before we get into the
SpaceX thing, did you know that, uh,
every month in Portland, Oregon Electric
Vehicle Association has a meeting, and
this time we're going to be checking out
the R2, uh, August 13th, 7:00 to 9:00
p.m. at at the Rivian at Rivian in
Portland. So, come check us out. It's
going to be a lot of fun. It's not a
sponsored segment. I'm just a member of
the group, and I love it. If you want to
nerd out with us, we do that, and we do
it well. Uh, hey, SpaceX earnings
takeaways soaring soaring AI costs
outweigh revenue beat in first report
since IPO. I mean, [laughter] well, I
mean, first of all, was that expected?
&gt;&gt; Yeah, of course. Every company is uh,
you know, expanding capex. These guys
spent $18 billion uh, of capex this
quarter. 14 something of it is what
attached to AI. But so what? Oh my god,
did they not hear that? Uh the the CFO
basically shocked everyone when he says
that not only do they expect to be able
to recoup that within a year they're
faster than anyone else. They recoup it
faster than anyone else and that they're
already on a hundred billion dollar
revenue running by the end of this year
for AI. You know, most of that is going
to be AI data center. So, it's funny
that this article points out it's the
spend uh that is seems to be the biggest
concern that uh investors have about all
the uh Mag 7, but if you compare SpaceX
AI spend to everyone else, it is not
big. 18 billion. Yeah. No, there was a
chart I saw that showed some of the
different companies and their spend. It
makes SpaceX look like they're not even
competing. Uh so uh I don't know how you
go about modeling these early quarters.
7 billion expected. H how about eight?
Why don't we do why don't we give you a
whole extra billy? That's I mean just
between friends. What's a billion right?
Loss of 9 cents versus a loss expected
of four times that. Uh so it is a uh I
mean can we agree that those are very
strong numbers and clearly much much
better than what was expected.
&gt;&gt; I mean SpaceX just went IPO so the very
first time people are trying to guess
these numbers. They have no idea. No one
knows what the true financials are. We
finally got the AK dropped a couple days
ago. We've got real numbers now. Real
financials. We're going to we're taking
a look at them. And so yeah, especially
these ones, these loss of 26, the 6.93
expected. These are all true guesses.
There's really no one. Um the person who
has the best financial modeling is uh
Aaron Bernett of Mach 33. And even he
was very conservative across the board.
They need to go back and listen and you
know dig through the financials now and
put real numbers into place. But across
the board, I think most people were
surprised how well SpaceX businesses are
all doing.
&gt;&gt; I will tell you one of the
misunderstandings that uh I think the
analysts had, certainly I know the
retail analysts had this is they
compared the ramp of revenue to what it
would be if you were manufacturing
physical products.
SpaceX doesn't manufacture physical
products in the same way Tesla does.
Yes, they build rockets, but then they
keep them and reuse them. Where we're
looking at a car factory or a cyber
truck or cyber cab or semifactory and
saying just relax. It's going to take
some time to ramp. When you turn the
hardware on, it's pretty much ready to
go. If you've got the power at the site,
if you've got the cooling at the site,
you can ramp to 100% more or less
overnight. Um, certainly within a month
or three. uh to make sure you've got
everything dialed in. So this is this
affords a greater opportunity to move at
a greater pace. How important is it to
the AI market to get your compute done
today rather than in say 6 months or a
year?
&gt;&gt; Especially if they're uh and then they
announce that they've got a significant
partnership exclusive partnership with
Nvidia. SpaceX is exclusively going to
use Nvidia's Ver Rubin chips. But Nvidia
themselves has committed to significant
portion of their allocation to SpaceX.
So that means that they can build these
data centers faster. They already
announced that that they are they think
that they're the fastest to build data
centers. They have the most data
centers. Now they're expecting two
gigawatts by the end of this year. Each
gigawatt can be about depending on your
estimates 40 billion 50 billion revenue
run rate just per gigawatt
and they're already expecting two
gigawatts by the end of this year and
that's already with established partners
now uh customers right anthropic Google
and they probably have more they have a
$4 billion backlog where did that number
come from so like you said they put it
up so quickly and Colossus Colossus 2
macro harder mini hard uh mini mini
hard. Yeah.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, I think that's right. [laughter]
&gt;&gt; All of these using the latest chips. So
not only you know like you said if other
data centers announce that they're going
to have these trillion dollars of
investment but it takes them years to
literally years according to Jensen and
then years after that after they built
up the data center to actually implement
by that point it's too late. They all
these LMs they need now u not only the
older chips for inference but then the
newer chips for LM training.
&gt;&gt; So the reality is this industry is
moving too quickly. You can't sit on the
sidelines. You need your compute you
need it right now. U if SpaceX can
provide that compute today. You're going
to buy it and you're going to buy it at
a premium. And I don't know how large
that premium is but it appears to be
market rate. It appears to be what
companies are willing to pay because
these are big companies that can throw
their weight around and maybe this is
the lowest price they can possibly find
for competent compute. [snorts] It
appears to be the case. Last year SpaceX
lost 4.9 billion. And I look at that
number and say that seems lower than I
would have expected considering they
built out Colossus 1 and two and had no
revenue on for much of it. Starship
development quite expensive. Uh the rest
of of the rest, yes, Starlink not
profitable yet. They're still deploying
at a rate that costs more than the
revenue coming in. That flips, I assume,
this year because you've got the
satellites up. H I don't know other
companies that would be willing to
invest in something like that. We are
seeing the first satellites de-orbiting
already at the end of their life cycles
and they haven't turned a profit. What a
terrible idea until you actually do the
math. Uh so we've got three sources of
of revenue here that were broken out for
us. Uh as as well as something can be
broken out. Now before we get to that,
let's look real quick at the the the
trading. This is the uh fiveday view and
we recorded this on Wednesday morning.
So uh fiveday view. I'll make that a
little bigger for you. Let's go to the
one day view. Not great. Five day. I
mean, it ran up. They bought the rumor.
They sold the news. Kind of weird to me.
The one month, the six month, the year
to date. I mean, it's uh it's a If you
see this earnings report and you like
what you see, maybe this is a good time
for you. And if you haven't watched or
listened to the investor call, do it
because it doesn't suck. Tesla earnings
calls famously plagued with technical
issues. I know Gwen Shotwell, the CEO,
got in there and said, "We're not going
to replicate that." [snorts] And they
didn't. The call was handled very well,
very professionally. The audio was good,
all that. Now, uh uh as as and as you
know, and this is equally important,
when I ask people to subscribe, I like
to put in funny images. So I said
generate for me an image should say
subscribe. Have me and Herbert Berbert
in it and a bunch of Tesla stuff. Maybe
Optimus Cybercap. Pay special attention
to make sure we actually look like us,
not somebody different. Make it photo
realistic.
&gt;&gt; Okay.
&gt;&gt; You ready?
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Ready. Oh my god. That's not me.
That's not you, [laughter]
dude.
&gt;&gt; It's It's not me. You look like uh Asian
Jim from The Office. Uh so don't worry.
We'll be back in two days time with
updated prompts to make it even better.
Hey, let's finish talking about SpaceX
here and you can subscribe. It helps out
tremendously to both of us pretty please
and thank you with a cherry on top.
Space about a billion little bit higher
than expected according to Street
Account. That is not to me a large miss.
It is a miss. I think they in future
quarters will have it dialed in better.
But space I assume is just the value of
launch revenue. Uh is that is that
accurate? It's just that's just launch
right? I mean, it's accurate. It's what
they reported. But what's not uh being
considered is uh that there's a huge
backlog. And when I asked where's the
$45 billion backlog coming from, Larry
Goldberg said actually do not discount
and don't underestimate how much launch
represents that, remember that SpaceX
just announced they have a partnership
or they have a contract with uh US
government for $6 billion.
So, you know, these launch um it's it's
it's it's they're the only game in town.
it's coming. I'm not worried about it,
but it's small numbers compared to all
the other businesses. So, it's it's not
a big deal, but it is the most important
thing, right? If they can't do launch,
they can't get the cadence up, they
can't get to Starship, then of course um
all the big giant numbers that we want
from all the other businesses will be
reduced. So, so far it's looking like
it's going to happen. This is just the
beginning of what uh we're seeing
&gt;&gt; on the space portion. I expect to see
incremental growth uh until Starship
then uh then some more exciting growth
but I don't think anyone's buying into a
trillion2 trillion dollar company on the
hopes of making $4 billion a year but
those $4 billion the launch services are
what make the rest of it possible.
&gt;&gt; Exactly.
&gt;&gt; Connectivity 4 billion versus uh an
expected 3.8 off by a half billion. uh
you know again between friends who who
really keeps track uh how much should we
expect connectivity to increase and will
that number include mobile?
&gt;&gt; Yeah well so first of all connectivity
right Starlink exists today doubled to
12 million subscribers and then was I
think a bit shocking was uh when both
Elon and um Gwyn Shawwell said that they
expect enterprise to end up become
bigger than consumer. So Elon went on
about how there's an image by enterprise
that when they tried out Starlink, it
didn't have the latency. It didn't have
it was kind of spotty. That is all
changed now. And so they've hired
apparently a big group of salespeople to
go and knock on doors of enterprise. Uh
and then they think it's going to become
bigger than consumer especially now that
it's much better. Then I think uh
maritime and it is the uh choice
provider of choice for air aerospace
now. So I think Starlink is just
beginning and then once they get the V3
version of Starlink out there again I've
had uh Joe Techmire on and Larry
Goldberg and they're telling me that V3
Starlink satellites is I don't know 20
times I don't remember the exact number
than existing V2. And so now we're gonna
see increased. Now that's just Starlink.
&gt;&gt; Now you go and talk about mobile.
Starlink mobile was a big shock there.
You know, first of all, I think no one
expected that they were going to say
they announced basically that they're
going to launch the service next year.
Next year. And they say that they're
going to have a distributed terrestrial
network. So they're going to build out
the terrestrial part of it too. It'll be
distributed. That's their angle. instead
of building these big giant cellular
towers, which they might have some. They
they she said that we're going to have
our own terrestrial network, but that
they have this idea to be able to use
the existing dishes that everybody buys,
they put on their roofs, both businesses
on the roofs and homes, and it can
service the local area, and that's their
plan. I don't know how that's going to
work, but can you make some small thing
that they'll add to the dishes that you
already have up there, and then you can
have mobile? She said that uh if you
look at the revenue of Verizon, AT&amp;T and
T-Mobile, $600 billion a year. That's
just the US only. And she says we think
we'll win a lot of those customers
because we don't have dead zones. We
don't we're not we don't succumb to
natural disasters that happen on Earth.
There's very few disasters that can
happen on on, you know, in space. And
they're going to be global. This is just
the US that we're talking about here.
and they think that they already got uh
100 times improvement 10 by 10 10 times
more satellites 10 times better spectrum
uh usage of the spectrum so they already
are able to do video so all of this is
just going to get better so mobile
direct to cell
shocking brand new business overnight
few people even modeled it out and now
they have to it's here right it's a
whole extra company people would buy
into if they could. Well, you can
fractionally at least because it's part
of something else that is now publicly
traded. The thing with Starlink and like
you'd said, oh, the six, you know,
billion dollar launch contract, that's
not a subsidy to my hater friends out
there. That is because they're the
lowest bidder. And not only are they the
lowest bidder, they're the most reliable
launch provider. Falcon 9 Block 5 has
the best record of any rocket in all of
history. That's undisputed.
So, what we're looking at here is uh a a
product that will transform lives for
ships at sea, for oil rigs, for rural
communities. You went from having some
connection to the world to just having
the internet. It's kind of a big deal.
Now I would I think the time frame
though of course is something to be
concerned about or not concerned but
just to be you know to to be put a put a
little bit of a don't get too excited
about it. Starlink Mobile launching next
year. If Gwen Shotwell says it, okay, I
I'll give that a lot more credence that
that can happen. But what does that
mean, right? Probably a small patch, a
small area. It's going to take them a
long time to build out this distributed
terrestrial network of, you know, base
stations and uh and of course they have
to get these this satellites up there as
well. So, it's just the beginning, but
it'll take them a lot longer than people
think. I think
&gt;&gt; exciting either way. And yes, it'll
start with a better than nothing beta.
Early adopters will check it out. Uh
want to get in on that. AI 2.5 billion
versus 2.1 billion expected according to
street account. This operating loss by
the way for the space unit was 542
million while the AI unit lost 1.2
billion. Uh so I guess the connectivity
remained profitable. Okay. With
operating income in the period of 1.66
66 billion. So this is a big deal. The
AI though uh you expect that number to
increase. Why?
&gt;&gt; Why? Well, [laughter]
what do you mean why? Um
&gt;&gt; I mean I mean we're playing T-ball and I
just put the ball in the stand and
walked away. So take
&gt;&gt; So [laughter] you
[gasps]
All right. Uh thank you. So, uh, Elon
and Gwen Shotwell and the CFO, so again,
it's it's a difference in who says what,
right, believes that we're going to get
to 2 gawatt. Uh, SpaceX will have 2
gawatts of compute by the end of this
year. Now, that's not hard to believe
when you take a look at the fact that
they've already built out Colossus 1,
Colossus 2, you can see mini hard
already up and running. Uh all these
things are here and two gigawatts gets
you 50 depend on the spot market right
now rental leasing prices anywhere from
you know 40 to 60 billion dollars a year
uh that and of course that's a that's
you know each month assuming that they
all keep doing it but that is you know
by the end of this year 2 gawatt and
then he made a projection that he thinks
that by the end of next year online
closer to 10 gawatt more than five then
it would be to five. So just assume 8
gawatt. If you assume 8 gigawatts, CERN
Basher put this together this analysis
and he said that if you have 8 gawatts
by the end of 2027, again that's a big
if, right? We don't know if that's going
to happen. 500 to 600 billion rental
opportunity. That's 500600 billion per
year rental opportunity. Tesla is only
as just a 100 billion now. So just the
two gigawatts by the end of this year
they have said and again they have all
all um the CFO said this as well a
hundred billion run rate if SpaceX is
already a hundred billion run rate by
the December this year that's the same
amount pretty well what Tesla's revenue
is but next year if they can get to 8
gawatt that's 500 to 600 billion per
year that's five times of a company than
Tesla is
&gt;&gt; genuinely
genuinely crazy. Worth noting 10 gawatt
is more than many countries uh produce.
Uh but those are very small countries
that I wouldn't necessarily recommend
visiting.
&gt;&gt; There [snorts] are uh and I don't mean
Vatican City. I'm sure they're burning
through way more than that. They
[laughter] probably got a vault in the
basement.
&gt;&gt; All right.
&gt;&gt; But I've got a a a big important
question to ask. But before that, I'm
going to say that you guys like,
subscribe, do all that stuff. Leave the
comments below uh so we can wrap it up
with this question which is where's the
next fac the next data factory going to
be? The next colossus where's that going
to be? Do we know anything about that?
And if these numbers are as good as they
look does that mean they're just going
to open the floodgates for building
compute because after a year it's free,
you've paid for it and now you own all
that compute.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. The CFO Brett Johnson said that uh
there he's seeing return on investment
of the capex has spent on data center
leasing to be under a year and if it's
under a year like you say why not keep
building. The latest rumor I heard is of
course uh you know they're building in
in Miss where is it now you know
Nashville. What what I think that
they're going to do next is they're
going to build in Texas, right? That's
what I heard rumor-wise.
&gt;&gt; It would make sense. There are a bunch
of reasons it would make sense. Texas
has declared a moratorum or is working
on a moratorium for data centers because
the permitted applications are five
times higher than current highest peak
demand. It can take a little bit of time
to get that built out. But again, you
know, XAI has some tricks up their
sleeve that may allow them to circumvent
that by generating their own power, by
bringing in their own batteries. Uh
there are a number of ways to mitigate
those issues. This is an exciting time
to be alive. I don't know if it's an I
guess if you're a SpaceX shareholder. Uh
it's also exciting, but maybe for
different reasons. Uh it's the swings
that that'll drive you mad if you let
him. So guys, what do we miss? What do
we misunderstand? Leave it. Everybody
else, head over to Herbert's channel.
Find out what he's up to. I don't know.
I don't watch it. I I find his guests
like Brian White to be a little a little
too much. Uh but uh but then again, I
don't watch my channel either because
this guy's on it. I don't know what's
going on. I cannot wait to hear from
you. Clever robots on the flippity flop.