Channel:     futureaza
Title:       YL is REAL, Polestar Half Off, Unsupervised Goes Wider, and MORE in the Monday News Roundup
URL:         https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gy8QrFze9Lg
Published:   2026-07-06 00:13 UTC
Fetched:     2026-07-06 20:00 UTC

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

It is a Monday, the 6th of July, and
we're doing this. It is time to do it,
the news. Every Monday, I do the news at
9:00 a.m. Pacific, noon Eastern, where I
go through as many stories as I can, as
quick as I can to give you all of the
insights and updates.
Too many stories to cover. Uh, if
there's something you see that is really
hot and really special, let me know.
Maybe I'll do a whole dedicated video on
that topic. Go about 20 25 minutes, then
get into the Q&amp;A. You can see the Q&amp;A
right down here. Uh it's already
forming. Uh join it, won't you? Leave
some chats. Let's do it. Hey, what's
going on out there? Well,
multiple Whimos in uh San Francisco,
citywide disabled last night. Traffic
jam, 20 of them just hanging out. Cannot
make heads or tails of what is going on.
Perhaps the local 5G cell network was
overwhelmed and it couldn't get the data
in and out. Perhaps it saw the fireworks
and like a pack of frightened Chihuahua
panicked. One of them apparently even
caught fire. I don't know. Some of them
just sat there until they ran out of
juice. How charged up were you that you
ran out of juice? How much is that
sensor sweet drawing? Not a lot in the
news about it, which of course is par
for the course because why would they
cover it if it doesn't have Tesla in the
title. Uh couple things before we get
into the exciting news. Uh, this is a
good one. Michigan's Schwab Industries
signs on to help build the tiny TE
electric truck.
They really are targeting production
this year, looking at about 42,000.
Uh, Schwab will be building the bodies
in white. Announced on June 15th, they'd
signed a production agreement. 2 days
later, it provided an update on the
battery pack and charging capabilities.
Split pack configuration capable of 400
or 800 volt charging. and they're trying
to have a really capable vehicle. Will
not be as cheap as the slate. And of
course, Ford is targeting 30,000 for
their entry-level truck next year. Who
knows, man, this could be something
good. More competition is always a good
thing. Uh, and BYD, I know I get a lot
of comments saying BYD is done for. And
I look at it and say, well, the tea
leaves don't say that, just as they
didn't for Tesla when they would have
some modest struggles. Made a splash
last year when it surpassed in full uh
year electric uh pure electric EV sales.
First time BYD had done it. They are
slipping behind on that front, but it's
still going okay. Uh that's fine. Uh but
they have a new record. They've been
setting records. In May, they sold
160,000,
including hybrids, plug-in hybrids.
Overseas, the most it is ever sold
overseas in a single month. While I am
all in on EVs, I can understand there
are some growing markets, some
developing markets where electrification
may not be as possible, especially if
you've got an apartment. If you don't
have home charging, it can be a real
hassle. So, uh, yeah, in that surge
covered many markets, including the UK.
So, here's the kicker. What some
investors may not realize, despite
setting a record for overseas sales in
May, BYD is just about to go on the
offensive, in fact, they're preparing to
highlight and showcase eight new
vehicles that span three brands at the
Goodwill Festival of Speed in July.
So, yeah, they've got the new Denza Z
sports car, which I will be covering
later in the show, an SUV. There's a
lot. So, all of that is going quite
well. Uh we've been hearing that China
domestic sales have been soft not just
for BUID but across the industry. NEV
sales please stop that uh stabilize as
strong market exports offset domestic
slump according to the data. Uh let's
see.
So yeah there are uh good numbers. We
are seeing good numbers in 2026. Uh so
that is helpful.
And what about Tesla? Are they selling
any cars? Probably. Probably. Who knows,
right? In case you missed it last week.
There were some big numbers out. Uh they
were expecting Wall Street was expecting
406. I projected 431 and change. Uh
putting me near the top of the pack. I
wasn't an outlier like James Stevenson.
Even Troy Teslike was an outlier. He was
at like 460. It's like 460. I don't see
the math to get you to that number.
Well, uh, we got the numbers and 480 was
the number putting James Stevenson the
closest, Randy Kirk the second closest
at 490 and Troy Teslike at 460. And me,
I looked very good in in third place on
the PGY list. Uh, but, you know, uh,
fourth fourth place in reality. Here's
the PGY list that he put out the day
before. Uh, looked pretty good at third
place. Uh but but being off by 50,000
units is uh pretty crazy. Pretty crazy.
Uh so good job Tesla on getting all
those units out the door. But let's look
at some of these markets. The UK auto
market in UK is up. So UK electric
market surges 30% as Tesla finds its
footing. Tesla is up 42% in the UK right
here. uh 42% increase from last year. So
that's, you know, pretty exciting. Uh
you want to get some units moved in
countries that really know what cars are
all about. The UK, I think, would
qualify. So, how are we getting those
units moved? Well, there's no
incentives. They're just building really
good cars. Well, some markets do have
carrots and sticks remaining. The US
does not. Shoppers can soon save 3,500
on a new EV in California. Here's why.
California pledged that uh we're still
moving for electrification. We want our
air to be clean in California because we
have mountains that trap all the
pollution here and make things really
unbearable. So this new one uh with new
vehicle prices, EV prices nearly 55,000,
the federal government no longer
offering 7500. We got 3500 in rebates to
new EV buyers. California officials have
said the new discounts will be funded in
part by a $135 million pot of state
money, which is helpful. There are some
janky little uh carveouts in it that
make it very frustrating.
If you are a California headquartered
company, you get an additional uh bit of
leeway. Instead of having a $50,000 cap,
you get a higher cap, which would mean
that Rivian and Lucid would qualify for
that. California is no longer the
headquarters of Tesla. Tesla would not.
Nissan, Hyundai, Toyota, none of those
qualify for the over 50,000, but Tesla
has a bunch of models. I'd say, you
know, half of them are under 50,000.
They would qualify. That's something
good. Uh California's new incentive is
almost here with special benefits for
Rivian and Lucid. That's where it
explains that they are no longer uh you
know constrained the way some of the
other car makers are. And what we're
looking at here and I mean that makes
sense. Those companies are paying much
more in state taxes. It's not as uh big
of an ask to do that. So there are some
caveats. You must be a firsttime EV
owner. Uh and what's the other one? Oh,
and the other thing that's great is they
match the rebate by telling the
manufacturer, you must also do the
rebate. So, if we're going to do 3500
off, you need to do 3500 off. The
manufacturer needs to match it. If you
don't want to, don't participate. That's
fine. So, what that means is California
will still pro primarily be Tesla land
and Tesla will not be required to cut
prices to to cooper to compete.
Spectacular
electric car sales weaken pressure to
shelf combustion uh engine ban according
to the EU climate chief. So we're
talking about carrots and sticks. The
big thing countries love to do is say
we're going to set a date and by that
date no more internal combustion. The
oil lobbyists line up and say no you're
not. Don't do it. So they have various
amounts of power in different places. is
what it appears to me. And I will get
the word on this in December when I go.
In Ethiopia, they said in 2024, we are
going to ban the import of internal
combustion engines starting in the
future, 2030, 2035. And the oil
companies lined up and said, "No, you're
not. And if you try to, we're going to
make sure that you all lose your job and
someone friendlier to us becomes the
politician in your place." To which
Ethiopia said, "Oh, so just ban him
now." Which they did. So, that's one way
to steal their power, which is great. I
will determine in December when I go to
Ethiopia if that's true. Uh, if you want
to help out with the Ethiopia trip,
there is a onetime donation link in the
description. There isn't one just yet,
but I'll get it there. I'll get it
there. It's all over the channel.
Spectacular rise in electric car sales
is weakening political momentum to roll
back the EU's plan. So, that's what
they're doing in Europe is saying,
"Look, uh, we're not going to make it.
There's there's just no cars. There's
just no cars." But the competition
started heating up between Tesla,
between all the Chinese brands, and now
there are cars. So the legacy makers
said, "Boof, we better move quicker."
And they did. And now there are enough
cars. There are enough choices. There
are enough models. Maybe not a 100% ban,
but a 90% emissions reduction instead.
Maybe 90% is still very good,
but all the market segments are going to
be covered by then. Um, you can tow your
caravan with a Model Y. What's going on
around the country launching super
unsupervised robo taxi rides in Miami?
David Moss is out there. He came out and
hung out with us uh over the Fourth of
July weekend, provided some info to
people at our booth and then went
straight to Miami so he could take a
ride and a ride he has taken. So, this
is now rolling wider and wider. We're
seeing them in a variety of markets.
Miami is just one of them. Dallas,
Houston, Austin. There are unsupervised
rides around the country. And we're
seeing more and more sightings of cyber
cabs around the country. Someone said
Colorado Springs just this morning. It's
very exciting. So, let's talk. Well, but
is autonomy even safe? I mean, yes, it
is. But let's pretend we don't know
better. There was that crash. Michael
Butler crashed his Tesla through a house
resulting in the loss of life. Michael
Butler has been arrested with his
arrest. More info has come out. He was
awake, coherent, and stable with no
serious injuries at the hospital.
Despite this, officers say that he told
them he remembers nothing before the
crash, which, you know, is a lie. I can
understand why you would tell if you had
done it. Data from the vehicle shows the
Tesla was was in FSD approaching a stop
sign. Car starting uh had started
slowing down. The driver overruled the
decision by pressing the accelerator
putting the control firmly in the hands
of the driver. The accelerator was
pressed increased to 67% and then
increased to 100%. He was flooring it.
Data shows the brake pedal was never
pushed to stop the car. When you push
both pedals, it doesn't fight between
them. If there's any brake application,
it simply stops the accelerator. No data
indicated the driver tried to turn away
from the crash. Officers found Google
search history on his phone for search
terms such as FSD not aggressive enough
and FSD too timid for city driving.
That's my friend where you're going to
have a problem in court. Extreme
frustration with Tesla's FSD not driving
aggressively enough and potentially
being too safe. He overrode it. So
that's what we told you was happening
and it's what happened when it first
came out. People said, "Brian, extend
the benefit of the doubt. Can't you
imagine a world in which this could have
happened?" And I say, "No, that's not a
known failure mode for this product. Why
would I assume that that's a thing that
can happen when I know it isn't?"
Come on.
What? How's the share doing? Oh my gosh,
it crashed so hard. You guys are so
dumb. Right after earnings, it crashed.
Or after production and deliveries. Sure
did. If we look at the fiveday, you'll
see that big valley between buying the
rumor and selling the news. And now
we're back to just the stock being the
stock, which is fine. If you're
following the other big Musk publicly
traded company, you will see SpaceX 160.
So, still up from IPO. It's fine. Hey,
do this. You should subscribe. I'm
really struggling to get subscribers.
People don't subscribe on YouTube
anymore. Follow me on X, subscribe, all
that good stuff. Help me out. I don't
know. Bunch of ways you could do it. My
income is uh from YouTube quite soft.
Quite soft. My expense is quite high.
But I am going to Nepal in September and
Ethiopia in December because there are
stories to be told. And even though it's
uh very very very big job, very very
very big amount of work to do, I feel
like I got to do it. Orbital files plans
for 100,000 orbital data centers. Look
at that little artificial ring around
the the planet. Five-month-old startup
has asked the FCC for permission to
deploy up to 100,000 data center
satellites, aiming to bring 10 gawatts
of compute to space to meet rising AI
demands.
How how are you going to do that? It's
going to be very expensive. If they can
afford to do it, if it's cost effective
for them to do it, then surely somebody
who owns the rockets could have an even
more cost-effective solution. But great,
I mean, they make fun of you for saying
you're going to do a thing and then they
look at it and say, "Oh, I guess maybe
we should all be doing that, huh? Isn't
that crazy? Why EV batteries last longer
than initially projected?
Uh, if you own a Model 3 or Y, you
probably have a pretty good idea of how
batteries last. Yes, there have been
failures. That's true. But if you own a
V8, you might also know that those fail.
Well, uh, they only last for seven or
eight years and then you have to replace
them. Says who? Who told you that? Oh,
because the warranty is 8 years minimum.
Well, the warranty on my Nissan was only
5 years. Does that mean I had to replace
the engine after five? Ideally, no.
Could happen, but come on. Uh, EV
batteries held up roughly 40% longer
than earlier lab tests had predicted
when subjected to real world conditions.
Conventionally, the average electric
vehicle is expected to last for 12 to 15
years of active service before it has to
be retired, similar to gas and diesel.
According to researchers from Stanford,
drivers may be able to get a lot more
time and value out of their EVs now that
we understand the life cycle better. We
could go into all this, but um I feel
like I'd probably want to bring out an
expert specific on that, but the reality
is there's no moving parts. Good
engineering holds up. quality
manufacturing holds up. Terrible
manufacturing, terrible engineering can
fail, I mean much more quickly. Hey uh
congrats uh in World Cup news to Cabo
Verde competes in World Cup and leads in
adoption with all BYD government fleet.
Cabo Verde uh did very well in the World
Cup. They didn't like win per se, but
for as smaller countries they are
500,000.
A lot of people did not have never heard
of them. Could not find them on a map.
Uh is a small island nation off the
coast of Africa with a little over
500,000 people. Doesn't attract much
attention, but eyes are on it this week.
They've got uh an all electric fleet for
the government.
So I'm tired of the argument that well
it's it doesn't work where it's cold.
Cold countries are doing it. It's only
for rich countries. Poor countries are
doing it. We're proving that every day.
Would a massive discount entice you to
buy a Polestar 4? They've got to sell
out the inventory. They're no longer
allowed to sell after the next, you
know, the next model year is not
allowed. Good color. I don't know.
Something makes me partial to gold these
days. How cheap are they? How about half
price? It's not quite. It's almost a
BOGO. 31,400.
Now, it doesn't self-drive. That's kind
of a dealbreaker in Brian world, but uh
that is a heck of a bargain. And they're
real comfortable cars. Interesting to
see that Gily's software can't go on a
Polestar, but it can go on a Volvo.
Very curious indeed. Uh yeah. So if you
if you want a real nice luxury beater
car to haul hay home from the feed
store, Polestar,
you want something you can take a saw to
and turn it into a pickup truck like a
real Frankenstein's monster, go for it.
Why China's nextg sodium ion battery is
quietly powered by coal.
What are you talking about?
uh it's entering an intensive phase of
raw material re-engineering as the
Chinese vehicle manufacturers seek local
components. The microructure layout of
the larger sodium ions prevents
conventional graphite electrodes. So you
need some kind of uh latis and uh what's
a good one? How about coconuts?
Yeah. Biomass precursors derived from
charred Southeast Asian coconut shells
became the early manufacturing baseline
for hard carbon production.
That's
well um there was a professor that I
studied when I was young. Um I don't
remember his last name. We just called
him the professor uh on Gilligans Island
who made a lot of things out of coconuts
and he did uh fantastic work. So this
doesn't surprise me. They're not using
coal in the sense that they're burning
coal for these sodium ion batteries.
They're using it to form the lattice
structure within the microscopic bits of
the battery.
It's uh it's a more sensational headline
than it sounds like. That's why I'm here
is to get you through that part. We're
doing good on time. 22 million EV
chargers. China solidifies world's
largest China uh charging network. China
built 22.5 million EV charging points,
creating the world's largest uh
replenishment network.
Oh, that's the AI. That's the AI
summary. Replenishment network. Nice.
NEV fleet surged to 44 million with 2025
registrations at 12.9 million. So, if
you want a bunch of cars, you need a
bunch of charging and charging they have
built. That's the real takeaway there.
Chinese auto giant Cherry takes control
of former Nissan plant, creating nearly
3,000 jobs in Southeast Africa. Chinese
automaker Cherry has officially taken
over the plant in Rosland, making
marking a major milestone in his African
expansion strategy as Chinese car makers
intensify the global push.
The only thing better than selling your
cars in another country is building your
cars in another country to sell them
there. It diversifies your supply chain.
It diversifies your risk. It adds jobs
in the place where people want to buy
them. Uh those employees can become
customers. Their friends and family who
benefit. Uh the neighborhood where all
of the restaurants and grocery stores
spring up can potentially buy your cars.
Uh China is has not done as well
building factories overseas as they have
domestically, but it could all change.
Uh this is a big week uh for me because
on Friday is opening night at Stageworks
Northwest, Three Bandits and a Baby, I
play the role of the sheriff. I don't
have my props in front of me. They're in
the car. Uh tickets are going slow, so
please join us, won't you? Uh SNW20
is a coupon code. SNW20 stage S SWN
stage works Northwest 20 SWN 20 20% off.
Join me in Long View, Washington, won't
you? Ferrari and BMW join Tesla. No,
they don't. In and China. They don't
join China in switch from copper to
cheaper aluminum. Okay, fine. A lot of
cars are switching to aluminum wiring
for their vehicles uh because it's so
much cheaper. And if you're going to
make a whole bunch of something, it's
cheaper still. I said we'd talk about
BYD one last time. Denza Z Roadster with
1582 horsepower to launch globally in
the UK on July 9th. Look at that thing.
My goodness. So, uh, yeah, and it's an
LFP one, so it weighs kind of a lot
because it has kind of a big battery.
So, it's a good-look car, and you'll be
able to get it outside of China. So,
there's no information about the car's
battery capacity. It was previously
claimed that it would be that it would
have a speed up to 100 km an hour in 2
seconds. It's about right. active
suspension, flash charging, steer bywire
chassis, and the die pilot 5.0 assisted
driving system. Do not call your driver
assistance. Die pilot. That's my
thought. Uh, okay. So, let's get into
the Q&amp;A. Hope everyone is doing well or
uh, you know, within a rounding error of
well, how are you guys? Good to see you.
You never call. You never write.
Oh, long weekend. Long weekend for
Brian. Uh, let's see here.
Stock ripping up today. I'm never ready.
You have my permission to start.
Appreciate it, David. You have Oh, yeah.
Thumbs up. Uh, how many thumbs up does
the video have? And would you please add
yours to the pile? Looks like Tesla
shares uh reacted mildly positively to a
weekend full of good news. Yeah, I
always get those questions after blowout
production. Well, obviously people don't
care. They don't care about the
production numbers. Uh
they why, you know, why did it go down?
So, well, why did it go up in
anticipation of the of the production
numbers? Well, people were expecting
more maybe another announcement or
something that they don't announce other
things at production deliveries. They
just that's not something they've ever
done. Driving again, but not my road
trip. I might actually be able to
participate. Ah, there you are. Welcome,
Joe's. With the car in the shop, easier
to remember to be listening. I think
I've been live for this maybe once.
Yeah, only 12 likes. Brian should talk.
How How many likes we up to now? Hey, I
made it on time. Hello. Good morning.
How do you do? I'm off-roading in a
Model 3. Oh, that's exciting. Oh, we
need they need to do way more beta.
Yeah, they do. Uh, I'm telling you there
are scale issues, scaling issues to
their software. I don't expect to see Y
L until at least September. I haven't
seen first delivery dates on it. Me
either. Yeah, slap a Tesla symbol on the
front of a Whimo to get it in the news.
Beautiful. Beautiful.
share price going back up more fairly
reflecting the recent deliveries I
think. So,
uh, no ban necessary. Well, uh, kind of
depends on the market, you know. Uh, you
would think you wouldn't need to ban
leaded gasoline or asbestous in homes,
but they had to because, you know,
because they tried not banning it and
that didn't work. Did anyone else have
difficulty with three days of news and
no stock market? Nah. Nah. But I was
also very busy. Uhhuh. Launching in
Miami unsupervised was awfully
interesting. Uh, was it? To me, it's
interesting because it's a new state for
unsupervised.
Oh, Digital Blades in the house. DRK is
in the house.
He thinks FSD is not sufficiently
aggressive. I want standard mode to stop
getting in the left dang lane. People
drive quickly there. Yeah. Um I don't
need to be
Hurry is plenty aggressive. Hurry is
plenty aggressive. Was a guy crazy? Yes.
Whoa. Tesla can't drift. Can't break and
pedal simultaneously. Bummer. Get track
mode. If you have a performance model,
you have track mode. You can bias all
the power to the rear and drift all you
like. You can set it up any way you
want. 60 40 8020
was is and shall be. He killed that
woman for no reason. For no reason.
Because he was mad that his
chauffeur wouldn't drive fast enough.
Could you imagine if you're if you kept
telling your chauffeur, "Go faster. Go
faster." And then finally you climb up
into the front and jam the pedal to the
floor and it results in a death. And
somehow that's the chauffeur's fault.
Come on.
Mhm.
Model 3 performance can drift, I think.
But holy carp, it eats them tires. Oh.
Yeah, but those tires are delicious.
Track mode brought to you by Goody Gear.
It isn't, but it should have been
because that would have been Where's my
high points for Brian? This where I
spend them.
They'll buy trips on Starship. Yes, they
will, but they'll have to pay. talking
about the data centers in space. Yes,
but they'll have to pay the markup.
They'll have to pay the markup right
there. You're losing a chunk of money.
You're losing, you know, depending on
the size of your compute satellites.
They don't have the scale to build the
satellites the way Starlink does, the
way SpaceX does. Um, they're basically
oversized Starlink satellites. They
don't have the sca, they don't have the
ships. They're going to have to pay
markups at every step.
If they can do it profitably, oh, SpaceX
is going to do it more profitably.
I'm a little late. I'll have to set a
reminder. I'll hit the like button to
show support. Thank you, Brad Apple. Hit
like. I just really wish we had vehicle
to load on our Y and 3, especially with
the thunderstorms. Lost two 3-day long
3D prints to those. It's frustrating.
And I really think this is going to do a
tremendous thing to help the grid when
it can when all vehicles are vehicle to
grid, not just load. Load helps me. Grid
helps everyone. Pack of frightened
Chihuahua. Yeah. Yeah. They do not care
for fireworks, those Whimos. It seems
you have thoughts on what might be
announced at Giga Texas tomorrow based
on what Lars told Herbert. I was
convinced it was going to be the Y L.
Herbert said, "No, no, definitely not."
And it's not because the YIL has already
been announced. I was confident we were
getting that news any second. I said
we'd hear it in the first half. I was
off by two days. Two days on something
many viewers said would never happen
because Elon said if ever
I know what I know. Uh so it's CyberCap.
It's going to be something CyberCap
related. The answer was provided
unprovoked in the middle of a discussion
about cybercab. It's going to be
cybercab. That's not guaranteed. I don't
know know that. But uh all the pieces
fit and I can't find other pieces that
fit. It could be a cyber SUV. I have
warmed to the idea of a cyber SUV. And
I'll tell you why.
You got to do something with the cybert
truck line. You're not making enough
cybert trucks. Uh, I don't think they
want to build a cyber SUV, but they
could build a cyber SUV and it would
sell. The early ones would sell for a
fortune and the later ones could sell
for less than a fortune, especially if
you get rid of the stainless and go
with, you know, plastic panels the way
they're doing on the Cyber Cab. Then
you've got colors. Maybe they just do a
color each month. Who knows? But they
could do colors and they would
definitely drop weight and they would
definitely have uh not have to incur
more paint shop considerations.
There are ways it can work. I'm sad
there won't be a Polestar 4 wagon in the
US. The whole Polestar thing is very
frustrating. Polestar wasn't moving
great numbers to begin with. This really
really crushes them. Uh maybe they can
change something up and come back.
Polestar 3 is pretty nice. Well, yeah,
they just need to they would just need
to put a US software stack in it if the
software is the real reason that it's
banned. And I'd never know. I never
would have figured coconuts, right? What
a what a what a analog solution to a
digital problem.
Ah, right. Tessa Kendrift. Yeah,
do your research, Tom. That's what
That's what the viewers doing right now
is research. We can't get mad at them
for not having done the research when
they're here researching.
&gt;&gt; Tom wants to know if I'm streaming the
event tomorrow. Is it an event? Uh if if
I can, I will. His house was repossessed
the previous week. He was doing Door
Dash.
So he was not in a good headsp space.
That's that sucks. Sucks. Probably
worked a full day, made buttons, and
freaked out.
Maybe he could no longer afford his car
payments as well. Yeah, maybe.
Nothing left to lose. I just want to
lash out at the world. Maybe. Maybe.
There's a big difference between cheap
and inexpensive.
Very true. Uh cyber SUV. If they could
get it, it doesn't have to be lower than
the Cybertruck. It's a different
vehicle. It's bigger. If they made it
less divisive in terms of its looks, it
doesn't need to be cheaper. As long as
it's not more expensive than an R1S, it
will outsell the R1S, which would
outsell the Cybertruck.
121 likes. Nice. Break a leg, Brian.
Yes, cuz I've got that play coming up on
Friday, Saturday, Sunday for the next
three weekends. Join me, won't you? Uh,
okay, guys. What did I miss? What did I
miss? Understand? If you're catching on
the replay, you are of course required
to let me know that you caught it on the
replay. Everyone else, uh, like,
subscribe, do what you do. Stay tuned,
stay juicy, and I cannot wait to hear
from you clever robots
on the flippity flop.