Channel:     jobhakdi
Title:       Why SpaceX Is WINNING Enterprise AI
URL:         https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KcQiYk_v8hA
Published:   2026-08-14 22:09 UTC
Fetched:     2026-08-14 23:00 UTC

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Space X is on a total run after it
bottomed around 108. The stock is now
back to 140 and going strong. Even
though I maintain my conviction that 135
is a selling ceiling for now for the
next couple of days. We see it's pushing
hard a little bit above that. The
reasons keep stacking up. As you
probably know, I reported on
Colossus buildout. I reported on our
predictions what the buildout in compute
will be. But this week, things got even
spicier because SpaceX is not just
providing the compute for the world, for
the hyperscalers, and for the Neoclouds.
SpaceX not just building out a giant
compute infrastructure on earth and then
soon in space but if you read their IPO
presentation and deck they are talking
about enterprise AI they are talking
about the big deal they are talking
about how they will replace all human
labor how they will provide digital
optimist whatever you call it grockbot
we are going to get into this in this
video they are working on this giant
price that we can introduce AI as a
c-orker in a pragmatic way where you
have thousands or tens of thousands of
people working for you but these people
will be AIS. I have discounted that
until this week I have discounted it
because it was pie in the sky. We
haven't seen anything that was even
coming close to Claude Cowork or Codex.
We had Grock built, but we didn't have
anything that was compelling. And the
other guys are also not that compelling.
This just doesn't work yet. Things
changed this week. Two important things
happened. Number one,
Grock 4.6, the new version of Grock,
came out and that thing is hotter than
anyone thought. Look at this. So, this
is the latest frontier model of Grock
here. compared to Fable Max, the magical
myth, my mythical creature of anthropic
that got shut down by the US government
because it was too dangerous and blah
blah blah. You know the whole story. And
we have CH GPT 5.6 Saul. That is my
default model right now because it's
very good to be totally frank. I'm using
Grock a little bit. I'm using Fable and
uh Opus for design and I'm using mostly
default CHPD 5.6 soul. I am very non
loyal to my models because I just need
the best AI and I'm testing them all the
time in parallel including DeepS in
Pioneer Lens. Go to pioneerlands.org
where we have drought near the Pioneer
AI system that is a gentic that does a
lot of things for you. But I'm watching
all these things very closely and now we
have Grock 4.6 out and on the
intelligence index and all these
different benchmarks you see dramatic
developments. Grock 4.6 is nearly as
good as fable and as good as GPT 5.6 and
AA intelligent index. I'm not going to
bore you with all these different
indices but you have AA briefcase where
it leads you you have Harvey Lab vals.
It leads there too by a lot. And where
it doesn't lead, cursor bench for
example, it's at nearly 70% and the best
one, Fable, is at 70.5%.
So that's not even a big difference. And
you see that thing is catching up
everywhere or overtaking it. So shocking
developments. It's also much cheaper. Of
course, it's more expensive than the
Chinese models, but it's cheaper than
the anthropic and OpenAI models. Okay.
And Gavin Per Baker, our friend is very
smart and knows everything about compute
AI and the models says Grock 4.6 is
roughly the same performance as Fable 5
Max at an 85% discount. Let that sink
in. It is 85%
cheaper than Fable. 80% cheaper for
input tokens and 88% cheaper for output
tokens. Parto dominant, which means it's
at the Parto Frontier. You see it here,
by the way.
where you see these beautiful paro
frontiers. If you don't know what that
means, you basically have on the left
side here on the vertical axis the
performance of these models the
intelligence. Okay, so that thing is at
70.8%.
Grock 4.6x high and you see only Fable
comes even close to it. Oopus can be
pushed there but Fable is a little bit
better. It's right there. But here is
the price and you see how much more
expensive fable is. So up tells you
intelligence and then to the right tells
you affordability and that is the paro
frontier. Where is that curve that goes
from the top to the right and you want
to be as far out to the upper right as
possible. Okay, you want to be as cheap
as possible and as smart as possible.
That is the paro frontier. And you see
for example GPTV 5.6 Luna is very dumb
but very cheap.
Uh but you want to be cheap and smart
and Grock is absolutely dominating the
paro frontier. Well, we don't have the
Chinese in here otherwise things would
look a little different. But
very smart model. So that is the first
news. But this is just the first of
three important news pieces that will
show you why SpaceX is truly leaprogging
now and dominating and winning this
whole enterprise AI race which is very
foundational for Pioneerlands,
for the pioneers, for you and me, but
also for our nations and economies
because the disruption of the labor
market that I predicted beginning of
2025 will reach its first first local
maximum. local peak disruption that you
cannot even imagine.
This disruption will happen next year
probably around next middle of 2027. It
will shock people but it's going to
happen. Millions will lose their jobs.
It is inevitable. And we are all getting
gaslighted by all these people who have
a vested interest in keeping us quiet
for as long as possible. Well, I don't
care. I'm in Pioneer Lands. I'm doing my
thing. I activate everyone to get an
understanding of that and bring you guys
into Pioneer Lands where we build the
citizenry and then re-engineer the
universe using these models
and we make them all make sense because
it's time to transition into that AGI
economy.
But Grock is now showing that my
prediction is exactly right and the
Chinese will also do their share and
then open AI and anthropobic will do
their share. So what we see here is let
me see where we see that Elon is
actually responding to this whole
situation.
Here is spacey introduction and then
Elon is saying this. Look at this. We
see Beth, Jezos, whatever. Looks like
Grock is fully back on the frontier. You
see here Grock 4.6 Fable just one point
better uh at this whole situation. And
you see all these different frontiers.
You see Grock dominating Fable in GDP.
GDP by the way that is the benchmark
developed by OpenAI to measure how good
these models are in actually replacing
real jobs. the median human across I
think 12 or nine I think 12 different
verticals of the economy doctors lawyers
nurses administrators auditors
accountants that is GDP val and no
surprise here Grock is the number one of
that most important of all benchmarks
GDP is the most important benchmark
because it's not coding it's a universal
GDP
meaning gross domestic product meaning
all jobs benchmark. So Grock is now
absolutely leading. Not absolutely, but
you I mean technically absolutely, but
you know what I mean. And look at the
jump from Grock 4.5.
It's huge. It's a jump of 100
uh 200
23 points if I'm not mistaken.
No, not 23. Am I stupid? 27 points.
What? 227 point leap
and leaprogging GPT 5.6 salt and fable.
So this is very important and then
cursor bench of course you see nearly as
good as uh fable and you see frontier
code. So this is happening but then Elon
says the following and that is my second
big point.
Elon says
Grock 4.7,
the next iteration of Grock, is
significantly better than 4.6 and should
be ready in 3 to four weeks. And if you
think Elon is always late, well, he was
not late when it comes to Grock, and he
won't be late with Groc 4.7 unless the
government intervenes.
So, we can be pretty confident. And that
was August 12th. So today's August 14th
that in 3 weeks, beginning of September,
Grock 4.7 launches and that thing will
be significantly better, better than the
best model. Initial training is complete
and now we are adding a massive amount
of SpaceX company data and supplemental
training. This will be something
special. So they're adding massive
amounts of engineering knowledge into
that new model that is proprietary to
SpaceX. And you can imagine SpaceX has a
lot of knowledge. Hey, on this channel
we do something very important. We
deeply analyze, understand, and predict
capital, AGI, and politics. Not just to
beat the markets and make a lot of
money, even though that's important, but
also to build a new society and make the
future good for all of us, the pioneers.
If you want to help me on this journey,
you can do that by doing a very simple
thing. Like and subscribe. It helps me a
lot. Thank you so much for your support.
And let's get back to the video. But
that doesn't matter. That's just a side
note. They have the biggest compute
clusters in the world. That is their
main benefit here. And they're winning.
Okay. So this is happening. So number
one, Grock 4.6 is Parto dominant. Number
two, Grock 4.7 is already nearly ready
to launch and in three weeks will be
here which will lead to complete
domination of the AI frontier by Grock
and therefore by SpaceX. But now I have
another piece of news. The third one
that complements
what I just said. And the third piece of
news
is something called
Grockbot.
And Grockbot is a whole new animal.
This is Grockbot. And Grockbot is a
whole new thing. Let me explain what it
is. It is an agentic system that is
designed with Grock on the back end. So
Grockbot will become much better with
every Grock incremental model
improvement
meaning it is getting better again on a
massive scale in just three weeks. But
what is Grockbot? Grockbot is designed
to be incredibly easy to be not coding
specific but be a true co-worker for you
and for me and for all kinds of
enterprises.
Grockbot is designed as the first
decisive step into the world of AI
enterprise AI workers. It is the first
step into truly providing a AI bot that
you put on your desktop on your Windows
machine on your Mac machine. It sits
there. I just installed it. I played
around with it. It's pretty shocking.
It's very similar to drought near
Pioneer Lands, but of course it's
designed for desktop, which is very
powerful.
They even designed it the same way we
designed ours.
And they designed it, you see it here,
as a system, as a desktop system that
you open.
And you will have all these different
workers on the left side. You can employ
workers. Each one is kind of a chat like
that. And you can give them different
missions. You should treat them as your
team. You have a chief of staff here in
this case. You have sales outbound
manager. You have an inbox email
manager. You have an account manager.
You have a talent scout. You have an
expense manager and so on. But you can
also have a journalist. You can have a
coder. You can have an HR manager. You
can have anything you want. An
accountant.
And now comes the magic. When you do
this, okay, let's see what they show
here.
You can work with as many bots as you
want. But these bots do magical things.
They are not just chatting with you.
You, these bots have access to your
computer and they can log into any
website if you allow them that. And they
are spinning off their own computer in
their own browser inside Grock.
Let me explain. For example, if you want
one of these employees you have now to
do research and contact people on
LinkedIn for you, it can say, "Please
Joe, go on LinkedIn and lock me in." And
you go here inside this thing. It opens
up LinkedIn. You lock yourself in and
then this thing is locked in forever.
Then this thing can browse your LinkedIn
and do whatever it wants. Well, whatever
you allow it to do. Maybe that's scary
for you, but there are many many safety
controls here. So in any case, it can do
that and then start talking to people.
It can do research on LinkedIn in your
network and find all kinds of things. It
can also lock into your own coding
website into GitHub into claude. Funnily
enough, it's very meta can lock into
your clot design and you can go to sleep
and you can tell it, you know, my
website that I'm working on in clot
design, you finish that design. You make
sure it's good. You work with clot
design and it does that. Now, I'm still
very early in the testing phase. We have
to see how smart it is. But here's the
point. Even if it fails at some tasks,
it's a very good agendic system and it
keeps working overnight.
You can send it to QuickBooks and say,
"Do my taxes, finish my taxes, finish
this, finish that." You can put it on
Slack, chat with my co-workers, and
figure things out.
Here's the thing. the way I view this
whole situation for myself, for Pioneer
Lands, for our companies, for our
organizations and teams,
you should start using these things
because even if they're not smart enough
to get the job done, what happens in
three weeks? In 3 weeks, the entire
brain behind that gets upgraded
dramatically.
And what happens four weeks later when
Grock 4.8 comes out? because that is
exactly what Elon said. We will see
improvements and updates monthly now.
So this is not a joke. This will happen
all the time. Look what Elon says here.
And so far he has kept his promises and
timelines when it comes to Grock. So
this is a very big deal because you can
tell I also have a video here of Riley
Brown, a smart YouTuber. I will not do
the um sound here, but we can watch this
while
he's showing that. So, he's basically
showing you how he builds this. We can
keep this on while I'm talking. And he's
basically building out these agents.
Authorization complete. See, and it
connects here to Slack, for example. And
then it starts doing all the things.
So what is so important here to
understand
is that Grogbot in conjunction with the
tremendous frontier capabilities
of Grock in conjunction with the
tremendous Colossus build out the
training capabilities of SpaceX is all
coming together now very nicely into a
tremendously powerful for a tremendously
powerful situation.
And what does it all mean? I have
discounted Enterprise AI so far because
I haven't seen the goods. I'm still not
fully pricing it into the stock because
it will take some time before we see
real revenue. But if SpaceX continues at
that speed and that power of turnurning
these things out, 300 bucks a month, by
the way, per person,
if they get a million people, they make
300 million
per month. A million people is not a lot
of people. You can get that very quickly
because this is open for Earth.
This is $300 million a month. And you
can do the math. That is
$4 billion in more or less profit. More
or less profit. I would say at least 80%
margin here per year. That's just 1
million. What if it's 10 million?
Suddenly you're adding $40 billion of
margin roughly. 30 billion. That is
enormous stuff.
And we might not end with 300 bucks a
month. It could be even more for
enterprise, right? because this is
extremely valuable. If you have suddenly
200 co-workers, they're worth more than
300 bucks. So, we all know that once
someone cracks that enterprise
situation, by the way, you can do all of
that from your phone. That's the whole
point, right? Once it's live, you can go
on your phone and do all these things.
Uh
this is the new world. You are busy
having a team here and you can do this.
and Grockbot
could be the iPhone moment of the
agentic age of work. I don't want to
oversell it. We still have to test it.
But I can already tell this thing is
serious business because it has many
elements that we tried to do. But of
course we we are not SpaceX in Pioneer
Lands in our drop system. But it already
was a gamecher then. Now we have the
whole Grock intelligence behind it. Now
there will be competition. We can
replicate this whole system in drought
nearer in pioneer lands. Not it's not
too hard to do that once once this is
established right with the Chinese
models. We have more privacy with that
and so on and so forth. But the fact
that SpaceX can pull this off is a huge
huge deal. So I am officially now saying
SpaceX is entering the enterprise AI
space with a very strong first move. If
the intelligence keeps improving at the
speed it does right now, this could
truly become by end of this year a very
big deal and makes me even more bullish
on SpaceX.
So I hope that was interesting. Let's
take one last look at SpaceX shares
where they are today. They're doing
probably well.
They had a little bit of a down day, but
they are down now only 1%. I'm just
seeing here. So, that is pretty
interesting news. They were down much
more and recovering very nicely. Uh
Tesla also doing fine is now positive.
So SpaceX still, you know, fighting that
135 hurdle where the selling pressure is
intense. I think it might struggle here
at that area for another week or a few
days next week and then is free to run
once we have the selling behind us. So
let's see what happens. We have to
follow this AI frontier business. It's
huge. Go to pioneerens.org. The weekly
brief is dropping on the weekend where
we cover the AI frontier, we cover
Micron, Nvidia, Tesla, SpaceX, the
stocks with all the things that are
happening and we always have a politics
section to see how the world reacts to
that AI revolution so we are prepared
for what is to come. I hope that was
interesting and see you tomorrow.