Channel:     jobhakdi
Title:       How To PREPARE For Tesla Cybercab Launch This Week
URL:         https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qUOCtP01Zqc
Published:   2026-08-30 18:17 UTC
Fetched:     2026-08-30 21:00 UTC

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

most exciting week of the year for
everyone who is a Tesla fan or everyone
who is fascinated by one of the most
exciting components of physical AI
revolution which is autonomous driving.
Why is that? I don't need to explain
that to anyone who's watching. We have
Cyber Cap. This beautiful car here
launching officially in commercial
operations for fullcale passenger
transport in Austin, Texas and probably
even more cities in Texas, especially
Dallas, Dallas and Houston. And it will
happen on the third, which is Thursday,
this week after years and years, some
would say decades of waiting for this
specific moment. the first car in the
world that is truly autonomous.
We know that Whimo sucks a little bit,
so we have to discount these people. So,
Cyber Cap is a multi- camera equipped,
fully autonomous car with the best tech
stack in the world, built inside the
car, AI4, the chip made by Tesla that
drives this thing. And here's Fazad
Fazad saying they're about to flood
Austin, aren't they? After a shock,
Elwami, the head of AI, the head of
cyber cap, the head of robo taxi at
Tesla says the street won't be the same
anymore. That was August 29th, so
Friday, or actually yesterday, Saturday.
And very interesting, Fazard saying
they're about to flood Austin, aren't
they? Elon Musk responding with yes.
Now, of course, we don't know. I posted
on it. Is that just Elon empty talk or
is it Elon full talk? That is the big
question. Is that real or not? And this
is all that we care this week about. How
do we handle this mother of all events
here? Beautiful
photo uh video of a cyber cap without
any kind of driver without no one in the
cyber cap driving through Austin that
was recorded yesterday.
So this is happening all over the place.
It's definitely real this time. This
time is real. Here Yoda Tesla Yoda is
posting all these jobs that we have
observed for a very long time that is
being posted by Tesla. all these job
openings that are clearly clearly
related to a major rollout in Austin but
also across the nation. By the way, of
all these people that are clearly only
required if we have fullcale robo taxi
operations, you're not hiring all these
people. supervisor. Robo taxi fleet
night shift robo taxi support specialist
morning shift robo taxi support
specialist afternoon shift robo taxi
support specialist night shift
process engineers for robo taxi
operations robo taxi operations advisor
blah blah blah all of them in Austin
something is happening here we see
another
clearly Tesla is in full preparation
of the actual launch on Thursday.
And it's time to now discuss and
consider what that does for us as
investors and some of us as tactical
alpha chaser investors. We have to ask
ourselves,
is this whole thing a sell the news
event?
Is this something that you sell like you
always do when it comes to Tesla events?
because they always suck and the stock
always drops and there are no exceptions
to that rule
or is it different this time? That to
answer this question correctly of course
as you all know means 1% more 2% more 5%
more 10% more in your portfolio
depending what you do. If you're a
long-term holder, forget everything I'm
saying. For long-term holders and
strategic investors in Tesla who are not
traders, who are not alpha chasers, the
rule is very simple. I said it again and
again. We are far below all-time highs.
We are at $348
close on Friday, which is an absolutely
ridiculous number.
I published a video with our new cyber
cab and robo taxi financial model that
only carves out that element of the
Tesla story and you saw $440 is the
value of the robo taxi division alone in
present value terms even after
discounting risk and even after being
relatively
conservative.
So strategically we are ridiculously
undervalued. The company as a whole
trades below the value the present value
of a conservative assessment of the
entire robo taxi division which is just
a part of Tesla. Of course $440 for the
robo taxi division and that ignores the
core business that ignores Optimus that
ignores Terraab.
So, in a strategic long-term position,
this price is ridiculous. And I'm
extremely bullish on this stock,
especially given the situation. But that
is beginner talk. That is very easy to
figure out. It's not hard to make a lot
of money with Tesla over the next two
years, two, three years. I think very
little risk. But we are here in the
advanced session and we are asking
ourselves, well, if you're greedy,
tactical alpha chasers,
can we play this week? After this pretty
bad performance of negative0.29%
last week, basically we went nowhere
completely sideways. Even though we hit
some exciting highs here, right? We went
above like significantly above 360. My
prediction so far did not become true. I
was directionally fine. But I said this
is going to go far above 360 before the
launch. That is what I'm betting on. I
did bet on it. I didn't win much. Of
course, with my short put strategy, I'm
always winning as long as it doesn't go
too long. But we are right at the edge.
I'm not happy. Not in the red zone, but
I'm not happy with my short puts here.
And I have relative high exposure. I do
not like this to drop much more. So, it
is really the question, what is this
whole event? Why is the stock not
running up into it? And the fact that
the stock is not running into that all
decisive historic event, does it mean
that this time is different and the
stock actually goes up after the launch
or are we just in total sucker phase,
sucker land, the stock fails to really
run up into the event and then on top of
it drops at the event as everyone would
expect? Of course, that's what we have
to decide and then we have to make a
decision. Do we even want to play this
whole thing?
There's an additional complexity that
awaits us this week. And this additional
complexity is where I want to start this
whole session to drive in corner our
tactical strategy for this week. And
that is of course macro.
Okay? Because
Labor Day weekend is coming up.
September is coming up on Tuesday. And
as you know, September is the worst
performing week of the stock market
statistically. Now, that does not mean
too much, but it gives me a little bit
the ick for this whole situation because
one thing is for sure, Tesla is weak
right now. Tesla stock is weak. We still
did not close the gap from the crazy
crash that happened after earnings
roughly a month ago, a little over a
month ago, roughly five weeks ago. We
did not recover from that nicely. The
market recovered a lot. So Tesla is weak
as a stock right now. Very tactically
weak. It has not strong support.
We are entering a problematic month. We
know that people hate September. People
coming back from vacation from the
Hamptons
back to Manhattan
booting up their little computers and
saying, "Okay, what do we do now? Should
we sell some stocks here? Should we
create some panic?" And the answer is
normally yes.
So we have to consider if the market
gets weak or sells off a little bit. I
don't think there is much of a hope that
Tesla is not affected by that. So for me
the first question is this week how
risky is that? How risky is a market
selloff just to get us started into the
problematic volatility zone of September
for the entire market and then Q4 and
its midterms. It's a midterms year which
is also negative as a statistical data
point.
Let's go through it very quickly what
awaits us and when it awaits us to map
out this plan. Monday 31st of August.
The good news is
tomorrow is not September. Tomorrow is
Monday 31st of August. Maybe that's just
psychologically but at least it gives us
one more day in August. So if there is a
September sell off planned,
hopefully not tomorrow. So if you are
overexposed, maybe it's time to dial
back. We will go into this in a second.
I am gravitating towards this regardless
what happens tomorrow with the stock. I
want to reduce my exposure a little bit.
I am not the biggest fan of the whole
setup. Spoiler alert. Not the biggest
fan of the tactical setup. I'm the
biggest fan of the strategic setup. This
is a complete buy long term. from the
stock, but I'm not a fan of the tactical
setup. This looks weak to me. There is
risk. I can smell the risk in the
market. Of course, you can never really
bet on anything on macro. This could go
up, but the risk is stacking above each
other here. The Fed, everyone will panic
about the Fed, too. By the way, this is
coming up in September, too. So, Monday,
nothing big happens. It's all boring
stuff. I would not say Monday in any way
is dangerous. But then Tuesday, 1st
September, and this is my concern, and
this is complete speculation, by the
way. I'm not making any predictions
here. I'm just saying the stacked risks
of September kicking off. Everyone wants
to sell and make September a big drama
month. And we have midterms, so it's
double risk or whatever. It's like
elevated risks. And then on September,
of course, we have the Fed Governor Bar
speaking. It's the last pre-blackout
color. What kind of weird AI slop is
that pre- blackout color?
Well, it's the last speech we get from a
governor of the Fed before the blackout
period where we can't learn anything
about the Fed. And it's
September 1st. So, this is a perfect
storm of if the market wants to sell
off, they will use this year for a
little bit of volatility. I don't like
it at all. Okay. Everything else not
that important. Construction spending,
no one cares. ISM manufacturing PMI some
people maybe care but as long as there's
no shock this is not going to move much
uh CPO CPI in Europe no one cares so not
too bad but I would say this concerns me
the combination of the last speech of a
Fed governor plus 1 September
not a good time to be hyperexposed with
Tesla
then we continue Wednesday September 2nd
the last day before the launch
We have
boring stuff here. No one cares.
Australia, no one cares. ADP private
payrolls. Do does anyone care? No.
Because what can happen? Beat or not
beat private payrolls, you know, if it
completely
if it completely beats, right? If we see
an explosion of employment in ADP
private payrolls, that's bearish because
it makes it more easy for the Fed to
raise rates. If we see a total job
disaster, that's bullish, right? Because
then the Fed gets more scared to raise
rates. I don't expect anything
significant here. Factory orders, no one
cares. Bank of Canada, I don't even know
what that is. Fed beige book qualitative
color into the SE meetings. Watch labor
availability. So this is a little
dangerous, right? So this is the next
Fed thing. And then we have Broadcom
after Nvidia's earnings and all these
things. Is Broadcom going to shock us
too much with anything? Can Broadcom
destabilize the AI trade? Unless they
have some shocker for us, probably not.
Also, we know they're doing great. They
are probably going to beat. So not too
much risk. Again, I would watch the Fed
beige book here. I would put that risk
lower, much lower than for Tuesday.
And then we go into Thursday, September
3rd, all decisive
jobless claims.
I don't even know that also tends to not
matter anymore.
We have a Fed Governor Walla. Um
that is the last chance. So we have one
more Fed thing coming up. Okay. And then
basically we have Friday and it's all
over. Then we had the launch. So what is
the bottom line here? From a macro
perspective, I would watch September
1st. I do not want to get given this
whole situation, I do not want to get
into September 1st, Tuesday with his Fed
speech
with super exposure, right? And that
just means if the market starts
dropping, has a little panic sell off,
and Tesla drops from wherever it is,
then from 350 to 335, I don't want to
get caught with my pants down. I want to
be in a situation where I look at this
like, who cares, you know? I want to be
going into Tuesday and say, "Who cares?
Who cares if it's down or not?" Not not
like, "Oh my god, my portfolio is down
50% because I leveraged the hell out of
it." So that's all I'm saying. That is
the macro perspective. So watch out for
Tuesday. Now, if you look at Tesla, what
do I think should happen? Now we getting
a little bit more into the wheats.
Okay,
the question is
we saw since the sell off here
since July 21st the stock drop of course
ridiculously down to 300 and then is on
a recovery course right since then we
are going up very nicely but still have
not closed the gap
whereas the markets have recovered very
nicely and are very strong so the
question is
what what does that mean does that mean
we are bas basically exhausted here. We
are going into this with very like
cernical views. Everyone is preparing.
Okay, we have 10 cyber caps launching
and then we just selling off the stock
and take it back to 300 because that's
it.
The way I view this whole situation is
sure Tesla is tactically weak. There is
no doubt about this. But when you put on
your your put put on your grownup pants
and think about where Tesla as a company
is, where the sentiment and expectations
are around robo taxi, everyone is
exhausted from the weight. Everyone has
dialed down the expectations to zero or
negative at this point. And so
no one expects right now this launch to
be a big deal. Otherwise, the stock
would be trading somewhere completely
different.
And that is of course bullish when you
think about it. It is bullish. And I
know I'm taking risks here because every
technical analyst, everyone who is a
little bit bearish or neutral on Tesla
looks at this situation says, "Joe, are
you kidding me? This stock clearly is
preparing for a major drop below 300."
There's just no doubt. This thing is a
sucker the whole year. It is down still
22%.
It behaves weaker than you can even
imagine. Whenever the market recovers,
it just doesn't. Whenever the market
drops, it drops like a stone. And now
it's basically having this fake head
fake bull run, mini micro bull run is
already exhausted a week before the
event. That should be a magnet. Clearly,
we are setting up for total destruction.
Okay, that's the bare case.
And I hear it. I hear the bear case. I
understand it. This is of course nothing
fundamental. This is complete tactical
bears. Fundamentally, the situation is
clear. This is a screaming by.
So what is the answer here?
My reasoning is the following. We are
still way below all-time highs.
It is clear that the market is
discounting the hell out of this cyber
cap launch. So what will happen if we
launch 10 cyber caps and then 12 and
then 15? In other words, it's lame. It's
very lame.
What happens? Will there be some
disappointment? Yes. Will the stock like
maybe drop? Yes.
But can it drop much from here? Just
from a technical perspective and from a
logic's perspective if the market
doesn't crash.
Honestly, I have my doubts. I feel this
300 was completely oversold and it was
in line with the whole Ashen Brena
situation.
I do think Tesla is stabilizing down
here at 350 340. I think it will be hard
for the stock if the market holds up to
sell off from here. The riskreward is
clearly skewed towards the upside for
multiple reasons. We are too low and
always condition on the market not
crashing which is unfortunately a risk
right now
especially peing the risk on Tuesday in
my opinion. So
we are too low. The riskreward points to
the upside plus the expectations and the
reality on the ground points also to an
upside surprise because you can't
surprise to the downside if the market
expects nothing from this event. Now I
think the odds that we get effectively
nothing like 10 cyber caps are probably
50%. So they are high but there are
still 50% left that we get more that we
scale faster that we see some momentum
here. And so when you look at it from a
risk view perspective the upside risk is
significantly higher than the downside
risk.
I'm just saying from a macro perspective
the downside risk is higher than the
upside risk in my opinion for the whole
market.
So that puts me in a position where I
want to not play this whole launch too
hard. That means I'm going to derisk
going into this week. And I'm very
leverage right now. I have high
synthetic leverage through options which
paid off very nicely by the way. But I'm
right now right at the edge where I'm
not my appetite is going down.
I want to still be exposed over 100% of
the portfolio to Tesla with short puts
synthetically,
right? Meaning
if we go down significantly from here, I
would lose more on my entire portfolio
than I would lose on Tesla. So if Tesla
drops 10%, I'm definitely dropping more
than 10% on my portfolio. Uh but Tesla's
not going to drop 10%.
If Tesla goes sideways or negative -2,
negative3%, I probably come out green.
Negative -2%. I come out green. If Tesla
goes up, I also come out very green. If
Tesla goes up a lot, I will lose alpha
and Tesla will go up more than my
portfolio because I'm mostly short put
leveraged. Of course, I have now a big
fat core position back on again, by the
way. So, that's how I play it. I think
you don't want to bet crazy amounts and
crazy leverage and long calls and
everything on this event
in my opinion.
There's just too much risk here. But you
also don't want to miss out on it
because strategically the stock has to
go up. So maybe that helps you guys.
That is what I'm going to do. I'm taking
out some leverage, synthetic leverage.
I'm closing some of the short put
positions on Monday because I don't want
to go into Tuesday with this whole
stuff. I'm going to observe what's
happening.
I still think it's more likely than not
if the market holds up that we have
another push up before the event towards
360. I think that is more likely than
not to happen. But the conviction is
reasonably medium on this. So here you
have it. That is a very very concrete
take on the situation. We can go back to
the cyber cap and go into the comments
and see what you guys think. This is the
time to make money and have a lot of
focus on it. By the way, before we go
into the comments, maybe I sound
cautious, maybe I sound like,
oh, Joe thinks this is a failure.
Let me put it like this.
I do think the event is unlikely on
Thursday or even Friday to blow people's
minds.
And I do think the event is more of the
nature that after the event happens and
we have the cyber cav's life then
the real story begins and then the real
attention needs to be paid to the whole
thing because then the money will be
made. Then we have all the cards on the
table, all the horses in the race and
then between September 3rd and December
31st the odds that big things will be
happening are high. And so it's all
about watching and tracking that
situation and frontr run the big things
before the market does. And that will be
a matter of days, very likely more
hours. And we need to be on top of our
game because when that happens, that
could be a big one.
Once Cyber Cap scales into the multiples
of hundreds in short order and that
happens this year and exceeds a
thousand, this stock can very easily go
above 500 and it can do so violently. If
you had 380, you can see 500 in less
than 5 days within one trading week. So
we need to understand the nature of
Tesla. We need to understand that the
market loves volatility. The market does
not want to grind higher on Tesla. The
market wants to have Tesla at 350, drop
it to 320 and then drive it to 500
within, you know, 16 trading hours.
That's what the market loves to do
because the market wants to pinpoint
Tesla wherever it thinks it belongs and
be aggressive about the move. So that's
why unfortunately if you want to make a
lot of money also tech Tesla, you need
to be glued to the whole Tesla ticker
and to Cyber Cap news. So I think that's
the real game. So I do not think there
will be massive gains here in playing
that specific event, but that once we
have the event live, then the real
attention needs to be paid. And to make
things advanced only for veterans,
we need to watch the market because the
whole market and macro situation
completely independent of Tesla is a
very tricky one. We are very undervalued
in the market in terms of AI trade. All
the stocks are at historic lows in terms
of valuation. When you look at peg
ratios, all the key stocks, right? I'm
talking Micron, SanDisk, I'm talking the
hyperscalers, I'm talking the Neoclouds,
and I'm talking Nvidia, of course, all
of this stuff is ridiculously cheap
because the market basically assumes it
can't be. All these earnings will go
away. So, this is happening. It's very
cheap, which is very bullish. But at the
same time, the panic is great. the bond
rates, the Fed, Iran, the oil reserves,
Russia, Ukraine, nuclear war, the
midterms, oh my god, and seasonality. We
are now in the worst season. So,
it's a little exhausting. The AI trade
is super bullish fundamentally. Tesla
super bullish fundamentally plus
potentially ve very close to an
inflation point that could drive the
stock up 150 points very rapidly at any
given point or while it's not happening
you know deflated
and this whole seasonality making it
very difficult to deal with this whole
thing so it is a tricky situation but as
hunters for Tesla we should understand
this is a critical moment in time a very
very very critical moment in time
September October November and December
So,
let's see
what do we have here.
Download install the summer update this
morning, says Patrick PJ. Very good.
I'm running on brown time. What does it
even mean? I'm late.
I'm so excited to be alive. Wow, me too.
But at the money calls that expire this
Friday.
Politically incorrect. That was
financially incorrect.
Of course, you can get lucky, but I hate
I hate buying calls. I hate being long
any kind of
options unless they're leaps.
The boat lady is back. Susan Ling, hi
Susan. Grock 5 will be epic. Well, we
have Grock 4.7 coming up also. Good
pointer for next week or the week after
if that is correct. Here LJ is right.
Hit the like button. It is this time
again of the day. You have to hit the
like button. This helps Pioneerlands to
grow and prosper. Our website is getting
better by the day. You guys have to go
to pioneerlands.org become citizens of
course citizen plus to get all the
access to the amazing stuff. Also give
us feedback. Write what works and what
doesn't at Pioneer Lens. There's a major
update coming again. Now we are like in
a good cadence and I'm getting the
weekly brief also better synchronized.
So you guys have to give me feedback.
Read that stuff. Go there and tell me
what's going on. This is our operating
system that will save us from the doom
that awaits us all in the age of AGI. Of
course it's doom. If we if we are doomed
and we are all going to die, at least
we're going to die very rich because we
are Tesla shareholders. That's the only
good news. But still go to
pioneerlands.org talk because we have to
fix everything.
Michael in the house. Welcome back,
Michael.
Remember, there's no easy money in the
market. That's an illusion. That is half
right. If you just buy Tesla and uh tune
out and tune back in, you will have a
lot of money. But if you want to have
even more money, I totally agree. This
is tough.
This market to play this market right is
a full-time job and we need to be very
smart.
having to kick and drag many. But
Thursday it begins. Exactly. Peter Fox.
Susan Ling took her average down from
415 to 393.
That's fine. That's a pretty good
average.
A lot of Tesla engineers have been
hyping this up. I'm still keeping
reserved. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. I think um
obviously that can be a surprise.
Obviously, if Tesla comes up here, 100
cyber caps live on Thursday, yeah, the
stock is going to go up and we are going
to miss out if you don't play it
aggressively. But I'm exposed. I'm at
least 100% exposed going into that.
That's fine. But I don't want to be 200%
exposed. And I do think the real money
will be made after. I can't guarantee
that. It's all probabilities. Yeah, you
might miss out if you listen to me. It
might go up a lot. I just think the
whole setup
plus this risk I definitely don't want
to go through Tuesday with full risk on.
Uh Michael says, "I'm a Tesla investor.
I love the way more I pace drives great.
Took first oh high ride break stabbing
the whole trip. Terrible experience."
Interesting feedback, Michael. Good to
know this whole Ohigh situation.
Yeah, I think they're just stupid. I I
just I hate Wayo. I just hate it. I'm
emotional about it. Um, the world still
does not get or understand.
The world still doesn't get or
understand Tesla. That is true. This is
our opportunity.
It drops already priced in. Well, what
is drives? The drop is priced in.
However, new information on production
numbers and world numbers can change the
revenue forecast. Yeah. No roadster.
That is true. Thank god I switch half
the stocks for TSMC and Micron one years
ago. Wow, that was a good move. Listen
to the Tesla guys and you suffer. No
offense. No vans Tesla. It hurts. No
small car. He promised. That's why many
upset.
Great summary. Roadster is not going to
have a financial impact. That is
correct.
Uh Edward Lee says, "Careful of a lot of
Tesla influencers. They only re they
only report sunshine and rainbows.
That's why I like Joe. He's pro Tesla
but also pro rational.
Yes, that's a very rare combination,
Edward. I appreciate it. But yeah, I
mean I am here for the pioneers and
myself to make sure we understand the
future, predict it correctly and then
make money off that prediction because
we are right and understand the
transformation and Tesla plays a major
role. But that's why I don't want to be
exuberant about stuff. We try to be
right here at Pioneer Lands. We can be
fans strategically but be critical
tactically.
Uh, China Chill says Bitcoin has little
risk now. New bull run has started. I
wouldn't call it little risk by the way,
but yes, I have significant Bitcoin
exposure. I think
look on Bitcoin, I'm always much more
cautious on making any prediction. But
according to any kind of fouryear cycles
and what everyone is saying and and
weirdly enough, it kind of works with
Bitcoin if you listen to the right
people.
It totally looks like it's setting up
for a bull run. Same with Ethereum.
I'm not too much of a Sana expert. I'm
totally not against Solana, by the way.
Some people think I'm anti-Sana. I'm
not. I get the whole positive points for
Solana and they always position it
against Ethereum. I just think Ethereum
is still the elephant in the room and
the big boy and that is important in
finance when it comes to Rails. And so I
think Ethereum still beats out Solana on
just you know adoption of institutions
but uh yeah I'm not a technical expert
on that and I listen to you guys and if
you say Sena is superior to Ethereum I
think there is probably some truth to
that technically but is that enough to
win? I think it's probably if you want
to totally play this whole crypto
situation Bitcoin Ethereum Solana is
probably a good basket.
I love Tesla cars to drive. Sure, FSD is
great, but no car drives as good as a
Tesla. Sure, I like driving Teslas.
Just buy Nvidia. 70% margins.
75% margins.
Uh I mean, for me, Nvidia is my second
largest position. And Nvidia is just a
value stock. Nvidia is extremely low
risk. It's totally undervalued. It can
only go up. probably has to double in
the next year and it's far lower risk
than Tesla but that also means lower
upside. So I do think into a diversified
AI port mini diversified still
concentrate AI portfolio you need
Nvidia. Nvidia is the largest company in
the world. It's a thing even SpaceX
Space X satellites run on. So yeah
uh it's obvious Elon's taking over the
world and beyond. Patience is needed.
The stock price will go up eventually.
Susan Ling is completely right. If you
have time to wait, you don't want to
overplay your hand. I think Tesla is
just back into the race as the hottest
stock.
Michael says everything is priced in is
incorrect and the stock price would
never change. And I totally agree.
Nothing is ever fully priced in because
even the market is imperfect. So it's
all about us getting an alpha
information or knowledge advantage that
we I think do have most of the time.
China shield says too late to buy Nvidia
for any meaningful gains. I disagree. I
think I mean meaning I think it can be
very meaningful. We go up 50 to 100% in
the next 12 months. That is absolutely
possible.
Uh what do we have here?
Yeah, of course. I if you ask me, will
Tesla outperform Nvidia over the next 24
months or 36 months? I would say sure,
absolutely.
But is Nvidia going to make you very
very happy if you would have 100%
Nvidia? Also, absolutely. And at lower
risk.
So therefore, you know, mix them up.
Tesla has zero chance of 4x in what
time?
In two years 4x.
What is 350? 4x that's 1,200. That's
1,500.
By end of 2028, I would say that's
pretty much a given for me. But let's
see. I expect Bitcoin to 5x. We are at
what 80,000 5x 400,000.
I don't know when by when
a doubling in two years is 50% gains per
year. It's crazy good. That's true.
Uh crazy good in the context of speed
forance these stocks that did 1,00% in
one year. You can't expect this and you
can't chase these kinds of returns. That
was completely random. I had Micron on
my agenda, but
I didn't buy it back then.
I think it's nearly impossible to
predict these things to be honest. Like
unless you're totally obsessed like we
with Tesla, but Micron was hard to
predict.
Impossible to predict.
The last time Model 3 ramped the market,
meaning everyone thought that Tesla
would go bankrupt due to the inability
to ramp up the Model 3, but they did it.
And then we up we go. Look, if you go to
pioneerlands.org,
go to the Pioneer Academy, download the
model or into the investment research
area and look at the model, do your own
research, put in your own numbers. There
is just no way if Tesla does anything
close to what it should do with Robotex
and Optimus. I mean, you know, I have
the present value, the fair present
value at 740 or something today. Not
today, December 740. Not my share, not
my target, but that's the value. That's
the fair value. So, and that's a pretty
conservative
prediction.
Present value.
Uh Tesla is weak enough that when
Cybercap launch proves to become another
dog and pony show goes to 230 be ready
love Elon but SpaceX has lost loyal
Tesla investors huge opportunity cost. I
mean crypto practice basically
presenting the bare case the tactical
bare case and we should not totally
discount it. I think the stock is weak
and loves to be weak right now. And if
it's really weak, what we see if it's
like 10 cyber caps
and we don't see any movement on Friday,
can it sell off into Friday? Yeah, I
think that's possible.
Not to 230, but then if it continues to
suck and the market goes down, of
course, we can go to 230. But if the
market doesn't go down, I don't think
so.
Here,
Jesse Cumberage says, "How do you do a
4x on the stock price? 300 price
earnings ratio." You have to see we are
under five billion in earnings. Okay. A
million cyber caps, a million cyber caps
get you to 50 billion in earnings. Just
rough math. $50 billion in earnings. So,
you can 10 times your earnings. This P
uh PE ratio goes down to 30 if you do
that. 30 if you have a million robo
taxis. Everyone knows you can have a 100
million robo taxis easily. If this like
you guys have to get a like switch out
of it, snap out of it and understand
once you have 10,000 cyber caps in the
market, everyone understands this can go
to 100 million. Everyone.
The math will be extremely obvious. So
right now everyone has a block in their
brain and thinks like well it can never
happen it can never happen once we are
10,000 everyone says well maybe it is
happening and then they will start
thinking wait a moment how many of these
can you deploy how many autonomous
vehicles do you need in the world 100
million minimum easily for Tesla and
give the Chinese 300 million is still
not enough so
1 million 10x's
100 million 1,000x's
Tesla earnings 1,000 X's we are going
from four or five billion to5 trillion
dollar in earnings that is the TAM and
the potential for the stock and you know
how the stock market works once you are
on that trajectory you re you repric the
stock and then you're not talking about
a 4x obviously so is a 4x completely in
the cards yes if you if you hit 10,000
cyber caps we can easily go above a
thousand
because they will totally repric that
stock. I tell you,
why is Tesla having a semi day? Hasn't
the factory been making semis? I don't
know exact I'm not following this
completely, but the semiis were like
super slow. I don't know what's
happening there, but they were ready. So
now they're really ready and they're
launching this in earnest. Tesla stock
in the mid 300s value stock with a slow
cyber cap rollout relative to the
rollout projections March November when
it was priced for a faster rollout.
Yeah, they basically took down
expectations. You can do the math. I do
it all the time. We were at 488 in
December. Now we have like lower
expectations or whatever. So
I do think we are ridiculously
undervalued. That's what I think. And if
they deliver anything, we are going up.
But to the point we saw earlier, if we
have a lame launch on Thursday, which is
absolutely possible, and then not much
move in the next few days, can the stock
drop? Absolutely.
SpaceX is a natural market for Optimus.
Robots are much much cheaper than astron
astronauts. That is true. I mean,
Optimus is not a problem to sell
millions and tens of millions of these
things. The problem is to make them.
I wonder if all the Tesla people saying
don't sell Tesla calls are giving me the
chance to get better premium for my I
don't care if called Tesla trench of
course street credit zero if no one
wants to sell them
you get a better price as a seller I
just
I'm just too bullish on Tesla I don't
like to be caught in that kind of thing
only when Tesla runs up and I feel like
this is completely overdone it's going
to drop then I do short calls so I don't
do it as what I do with short puts I
don't do it as a steady
sell and hold and let it expire thing. I
only sell calls in runups where I think
it's just clear that this has to drop.
So only very tactically
100 to 200 growth of cyber caps over a
month time period will put the stock
back into the mid 400s.
I agree. I think that could be yes. I
think if you see multiple hundreds this
will have a big hu huge psychological
effect but will we see them and when we
will see them I don't know if you see
them this now or next week or the week
after
uh I saw a cyber cap in Denver yesterday
I mean they're all over the place and
everyone knows that the assumption of
the market right now is they're
deploying them all over the place
they're manufacturing thousands of them
every month. They just are crazy and
they don't know what they're doing and
we don't believe anything and they can
deploy them in a 100 US cities. It
doesn't matter because they are just not
working. That is what the market thinks
right now. And I get it. That's what
they're thinking at the millisecond
where they see these things seem to work
and the roll out across multiple cities
suddenly happens and the ramp per city
is faster than people think. Everything
can collapse the house of cards of the
bears.
But until that is not the case, the
bears can get nasty. That's all I'm
saying.
Crazy leverage I would describe as. So,
I'm not doing the delta uh the delta
calculations. I hate delta calculations.
I think they're totally dumb because
deltas and options change all the time.
If you have short puts and your delta is
0.2,
if you guys are not experts in options,
let me explain. So, you're selling like
a thousand shares in contracts or 10
contracts short. You're selling a
basically you're selling a 100 uh you're
selling 10 put contracts.
Okay? So, you're a thousand shares long.
You're a thousand puts kind of short
with 10 contracts.
Normally when you calculate leverage,
you multiply this with a delta. So times
02 and you say, "Oh, I'm only like 200
short or long. I'm only 200 shares
long." But I think that's complete
because if the sh if the stock
drops
$10, the delta goes from 0 2 to one.
So okay, fine. You you're short you're
basically long 200 stocks, but if the
stock drops 10, you suddenly you're
suddenly long 1,000 shares. So I rather
say I'm long 10,000 shares right away.
So basically let's say you have a
thousand shares to make it simple. The
thousand shares are your total money.
Okay. If you go long through short puts
10,000 shares. You have a leverage of
10x which is very easy to do by the way
like mechanically. And that's too much.
That's crazy leverage. 10x is too much.
5x is too much in this whole situation.
3x is too much. 2x could be digested if
you really know how to do it and are
extremely you know ready to pull the
trigger.
When do you think Joe Cyber will come to
Europe? 2028. No. If we see a successful
world now I think in 2027. This is going
to happen sooner rather than later.
Uh,
have you ever heard of HGraph?
I'm not sure. Maybe. Let me just look it
up. Oops.
Hydrograph. Clean power.
I've looked at a lot of maybe, maybe.
I'm not totally sure, but I have no
opinion on it.
Market cap, two billion. That's
extremely tiny.
I have to look into this whole thing
financials.
Okay, this is very a venture investment,
right? So, it's like totally
non-existing with massive losses. So,
this is more like a venture investment.
We do have to look into that, but
difficult. You need very good
information on tra on on on deals like
that to make money. If you have good
information,
everything is possible.
Oops. By combinator.
There's Tesla here.
6th of September coming up. Saxony anal
election. Beautiful. I want to cover
more. I had a YouTube video out
yesterday on the end of the EU and now
Iceland voted out. They voted against it
which is very interesting. I love
Iceland. By the way, Iceland is so cute.
It's my favorite little island. 6th of
September coming up second annual
election. German inflection point. It's
a win. AD if it's a win. if they will
need a lot of help against the entire
German media trying to destroy them like
Trump. Well, that that's already
happening in full scale. If you think
Trump was bad, the media
I mean it's it's so much more insane in
Germany. You can't even imagine what
these people are doing.
How many cities by end of the year?
Well, who knows? gam
uh
could be 10 very easily
for cyber cap or for robot taxi in
general. We already have like a lot. I
don't even know how many we have. It's a
good question. Dallas, Houston, Austin,
a bunch of Floridaian cities and then
two uh California. So, we might have 10
cities already. By the way, Model Y robo
taxis will be mostly phased out. Model Y
robotics are designed to train for
unsupervised FSD in the consumer cars.
Interesting. Yeah.
Uh stock will dump hard. Well, yeah,
that is the common assumption that the
stock will dump hard, but everyone
thinks it and the stock is not up. So
maybe this time is different. But of
course, that is the default position.
My investment in Tesla is going to be
owning my own Tesla fleet. However, I do
believe that Tesla stock is going to 5x
over the next year.
Well, Micro Strategy,
I mean, Micro Strategy has a lot of
upside. Of course, it's not a safe bet.
By the way, don't say Micro Strategy is
a safe bet. Micro Strategy is directly
linked to Bitcoin and Bitcoin. Sure,
it's more likely than not to go up 100%
or something from here and then Micro
Strategy probably goes up
300%, 200%.
But is that a safe bet? Absolutely not.
Don't get me wrong, I'm making the bet,
so I'm not against it, but don't say
safe.
G asked the mother of all questions.
Obviously, no one knows that.
I still think we can get thousands of
cyber caps. Let's see. It's It's not
even about this question. The question
is, do we get hundreds and then
thousands of cyber caps? And are we on
this trajectory by end of the year? If
you're at 900 but rapidly growing, so
it's clear we get to 2,000 January, no
one even cares. We can get to 10,000
very quickly once we get into that mode
of scaling. And that's what people have
to understand. I'm preaching this all
day long. Like people do not make one
mistake to extrapolate from the past
into the future because it is very clear
that this completely won't work. It is
very clear that there will come an
inflection point where this scales very
rapidly. You when you really think about
it from first principles there's a
guarantee this happens at some point.
That alone is proof that you cannot
think like that because that point will
be kind of hard to predict.
I think we have a lot of signs that this
point will happen the next 12 months and
I do think we have a very significant
risk upside risk that this happens
before end of the year. Now is that 50%,
30%, 40%, 20%, I don't know exactly.
Does it matter? I mean, it would matter
if I knew
you dead man sitting there listening to
us blue always appreciate your honest
analysis. Of course, cryptoractor,
that's my job kind of. It's not not a
job. It's my hobby
here. went all in on the recent drop
after earnings at 320. I think that's a
very good bet.
Cares about other car models 5 years
behind. Exactly.
Joe, I've heard you say that Tesla stock
could hit 10,000 share by 2030. Do you
still think this is likely? I
pushed the timeline back.
I think my current I will do a video
probably I don't know next week.
probably next week because we have the
model fully live. I think my current
price target for 2030 is four and a half
thousand
and then the 10,000 we are hitting 18
months later or 10 or two years later. I
have to look into it that I'm losing a
little bit after 2030 the ability to do
the DCF but it's probably two years
pushed back right because we are kind of
18 months delayed I would say on my
original 2000 early 2025
or late 2024 prediction I think I would
I would describe where we at roughly 18
months delayed
uh Of course, Elon said yes with the
flooding,
but who knows what that means.
Do you think
here Tanela Wolf and Pickle the best
name? Do you think they may have some
juicy little morsels of added fun
features they will reveal Tuesday?
Tuesday? You mean Thursday?
I mean, probably. But this is not going
to move the stock, obviously.
Okie dokie. Seen your Jose Vamos Tesla
425 by close of Thursday before close of
Friday after. Well, let's see. 100
million cyber caps puts it at 10% of the
total vehicles of the road worldwide. Is
that possible? It's not. It's 1.4
billion.
And that's not even that's not even the
latest. I don't know what the latest is.
Should I ask Grock? How many passenger
cars and how many vehicles are currently
alive on the roads worldwide?
Probably more than 1.4 billion at this
point.
And this is also competing with public
transport and all kinds of things.
And of course, car ownership will be
heavily
eaten into as a market by autonomous
vehicles. So, let's see what Grock says.
Uh,
September 25th went up 33%.
Yes, of course it can go up 33% in a
month. That's very easy.
Uh
yes once robo taxi happens at scale they
will have a lot of cash which is very
important.
So, we have passenger cars, roughly 1.3
billion. All four-wheel motor vehicles
with vans and pickups and trucks and
buses, 1.75 billion.
Uh, cars in ordinary speech, pickups,
light vans, SUVs, and cars, 1.5 billion.
And two wheelers, roughly a billion.
There you have it.
be patient says, "Would you consider
conducting a paid Tesla options class?
Also, don't go political." Lot uh we
will have I will have a bunch of basic
options classes up in the Pioneer
Academy on Pioneerlands.org. So, you
should go there and check it out. I hope
I have it live next weekend. The options
piece. We already have the modeling
piece. I'm not talking about
runways. I'm talking about the Tesla
model as an exemplary
case of financial modeling. That's
already live.
I'm hoping Tesla gives numbers behind
efficiency instead of cyber street
spreadsheets. What about Canada? Oh god,
Canada.
Uh, will they be in Canada? I mean, I
don't know. I haven't heard too much
about Canada.
Iceland is like snowy Hawaii.
I'm not sure if that's
comparable.
Iceland is very black in terms of sand.
The Icelandic sand is black. Did you
know that? I walked through Iceland when
I was a teenager or late teenager after
high school with a friend. I walked
through Iceland. That was very
exhausting. It was very hard to walk on
sand. It's like a desert that is cold
and black. It's lava ash, lava sand.
Extremely exhausting to walk through and
also very aggressive for cars.
Very aggressive for cars. We had like an
accident with a car where the wheel flew
off. It was a good car. But the sand
grinds through everything. It's also
known for motorbikes. They all break
when they drive through Iceland because
all this little black sand goes into the
chains and everything and then it grinds
it all. It destroys everything. It's
like very Kaza very expensive there.
Uh Chunky Nugget says headed to San
Antonio this weekend. Will report back
cyber cap sightings. Louisiana star base
number two. Yeah, baby. 100 billion
dollars invested. Daily launches are
coming. heard Nvidia going back to 50.
Uh I don't think so.
Sold puts at 385 with 50 DTE and had to
roll expirations 20 days should be
interesting. What do you think? Yeah.
Sold puts at 385. Ouch.
50 days to expiration. Uh what is that?
When did you say that? So 50 days
expiration. 385. Was that depends when
it was like so if you sold them at 365
when the stock was 35 you probably got
what 20 bucks premium
maybe 15 bucks I don't know how much you
get
yeah you have to roll that stuff
CD Y
I'm late I recap everything exactly
deep future fund do you think Optimus
will eventually cannibalize all FSD
cards cars as optimist will simply drive
us around in our analog cars. No, that
makes no sense. Uh because by then we
all have robo taxis because that will
only happen in 2032. By then we have
tens of millions of robo taxes. In my
opinion, this will go a little more
aggressive and fast or not tens of
millions of robo taxes.
My price and then people are already
like out, you know, people don't want to
have cars anymore. My price average is
right at 350. That's pretty good.
My average is 250. China shell has
already won.
When do you think it hits 1,000? I think
next year.
Canada's too woke. Yes. No trees in
Iceland. There is there are trees in uh
are
in the north. the second largest city
with like 10,000 people or whatever.
There's like a natural miracle they call
it. It's like a forest has like 200
trees. It's like they're a natural
miracle.
The wonder of the world trees.
Iceland. Will robotics be offered to
consumers for sale at September 3rd
event? No. This whole consumer thing
makes no sense. 100% not. Are you still
selling the news, Joe?
Um, I don't I'm I'm not decided yet
because I don't know where the stock
will be at the news. So, if you're down
here and the market has held stable, no,
I'm not I'm not selling the news. I'm
lightening up maybe.
My favorite rumor is that the five
winners of the golden tickets will get a
robo taxi. No way.
No way.
Uh, Lee Ellison knows everything about
sand. It's not sand. It's pumis pumis.
Pum palm ice. I don't even know what
that is. Very abrasive. Yes, it's
extremely abrasive because it's like a
basalt basalt, whatever it's called.
Like lava.
Hit the like button, people. Exactly.
That's what we need. Frostbite is back.
D. Jordi is good. Yeah. Jordi Vissa.
Oh, why is Poxy Frostbite so confused
today? Jordy, why are you now Jordi?
I was wondering. You look like Frosty
Poxbite
on your logo, but now you have a new
name. That's so confusing. Poxy
Frostbite.
Poxic. Poxy Frostbite was such an easy
to remember name.
Uh would you agree that there will be
profit maximization total number of robo
taxes? Yes, of course.
Thanks for telling the truth, Joe.
Always appreciate it. Of course. What
else would I tell? The truth is the only
thing we need to seek.
Uh okay, let's do a final round on X.
What's going on? Let's do an X search
just to get the latest in in case some
crazy things are happening.
Cyber cap.
What is the latest on X?
Oops. Did I stop sharing?
Latest on X.
Then we do one more round here.
The latest on X.
and the latest on Pioneer Lands. Did you
see we have a new Pioneer Lens design
here? Let me just make this a little
broader. The new website is up. So, you
get the weekly brief is now more
dynamic. By the way, we made it more
dynamic. I think it's improved because
these are very dynamic news that are fed
from my X feed because now I'm posting
on X in a way that makes it much better
as a feed. And then here's the summary
for subscribers where I'm putting that
into a weekly update. And you can also
click capital. You see all the capital
news, a lot of Tesla news, and they're
all very new and fed life into this
whole thing. It's still a little work in
progress, but it's getting there. I
think these news here, we had all these
news. German state and talks with Tesla
deployed. This is Brandenburgg deploying
robo taxi across the state and remote
regions. I had a video on this, but on
the daily brief, you get it all
condensed. You see Starbase Louisiana
and my opinion on it. Tesla Sy rollout
is massively underrated. So is Tesla
stock. Boom. You see all my commentary
here
and you see massive inference comput.
But I have my opinion on this. Open air
continues to drop price in the flagship
models.
So there you have it.
Is there a price you're hoping to buy
SpaceX at? I have SpaceX. I have strong
exposure on SpaceX. This is not topic of
today, but I will have a video next week
at some point when we get tired of Tesla
on SpaceX. I think before September 9th,
the next unlock, SpaceX is very, very
bullish
unless the Fed messes it up on Tuesday.
I want to derisk that too on Tuesday.
But uh I think SpaceX is more likely
than not to not drop.
Less than 30% have got the like button.
Exactly. Like this thing. 30% is pretty
high in my opinion, but we need to get
100%.
How can you not like this?
Susan Ling says I'm frozen on your
screen. Really? Hello? Oh, am I still
frozen? But we also have to wrap it up.
It has been a pleasure.
I'm a little nervous. I'm a little
overexposed right now to be totally
frank on Tesla tactically because I'm a
little too leveraged because I didn't
expect this stupid drop with a pretty
serious unexpected drop of $6. I did not
expect this to drop that much.
So, I'm green right now, but I do not
like where I am right now. I don't like
my position. So, on Monday, I need to
take some off the table.
Let's see what happens.
Very good. Okay guys,
thank you so much for joining. It was a
pleasure. As always, go to pioneer
lens.org because that's where the action
will happen and more and more it's
coming together. Isn't that beautiful?
Like our little pioneer brief. Here we
will increase the design. This is still
too fast. It's a little fast.
But I see you
very soon. Andy Frostbite should get his
name back.
But that's it for now. Thank you so much
for joining. Next week is all decisive.
It's going to be exhausting as always. I
hope profitable. We need to generate
alpha to be prepared for the age of AGI
and that's what we do here. So, thank
you so much and see you