Channel:     investingagainstthegrain
Title:       With $SPCX Earnings This week Will We Finally Learn More About the Future of Tesla?
URL:         https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bZMXz2_GSBM
Published:   2026-08-03 02:04 UTC
Fetched:     2026-08-03 03:00 UTC

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Once again, Trump has called off attacks
on Iran, but is this time real? And in
the past week, the NASDAQ fell by as
much as 11%, putting it in official
correction territory. How did that
impact my trading? And did others get
screwed? We've also had a full slate of
earnings this past week. Did that give
us any clarity on the AI bubble? And we
have to talk about what might be the
story of 2026. Is this a rigged game?
Finally, SpaceX earnings, Tesla merger,
China spin-off. What's actually going on
here? Let's discuss.
You're crazy.
&gt;&gt; In the past 24 hours, Trump once again
said he is going to stop and hold off on
the attacks on Iran. The USA is locked
and loaded and ready to go against the
Islamic Republic of Iran at levels of
military terror, strength, and power not
seen since World War II. Despite this,
we have just been asked by Iran and
other Middle Eastern countries to hold
off on any attacks in that the
parameters, I'm guessing he meant to
say, of a deal has been agreed to. This
would include the immediate and complete
and total opening of the Strait of
Hormuz and an end to Iran's nuclear
threat. Based on this request, I have
agreed for the future benefit of the
world and likewise the survival and
successful prosperous Iran to cancel the
attack subject to being able to rapidly
make a deal. The country of Israel joins
me in this commitment. Get to work
everybody and get it done. Thank you for
your attention to this matter, President
DJT. Okay, so this dropped about 24
hours ago. Markets are literally opening
right now as we speak. Dow is up by42
points uh percent which is 219 points.
S&amp;P is up by 31 points and the NASDAQ's
up by 191 points or now 204 point. It's
it's riding high. We're headed up to 1%
right now. So markets right now just
opened up. They're liking it. This
happened. Lots to talk about. But is
this time real? Can we believe it this
time? Well, the truth is we have no
idea. But there are some signals maybe
that we can uh we can lean on. So number
one, we have not heard Iran come out and
push back on this which they have been
doing lately. So who knows, maybe
they're waiting till tomorrow when the
stock market's open to then cause some
turmoil over here and to ri, you know,
rile our markets up. For right now, the
fact that they haven't said anything is
potentially good news. And we also know
that eventually hopefully this does come
to an end. Is this time it? I have no
idea, but it could be. And that's worth
at least exploring and thinking about,
especially as we move forward. Right
now, while I sit here in my Chimath type
sweater, hopefully you guys get that
joke. All in podcast, Chimoth like
sweaters. Hopefully, we can use this as
a sign of what's to come. Hopefully,
this is the beginning of the end for
this Iran conflict. hopefully that we
can get back to brass tax, get back to
what matters, talking about the markets,
the economy, and focusing back here on
the United States. That would be lovely.
Where can we currently take opportunity
regardless of what's happening? Where
are there signs and obvious signals of
what is to come, where things are going,
regardless of any war, any conflict, any
oil prices? Well, to talk about that, I
also want to make sure that we can talk
about how to take advantage of any
potential opportunities we have. So,
today we're going to talk a lot about
opportunities. Today, we're going to
talk a lot about how to take advantage
of it. And today, we're also going to
talk a lot about making sure that we
understand any risks that we have,
understanding we making sure we
understand what we're doing in the
markets. We got a lot to cover. So,
before we talk about the opportunities,
let's talk about how to take advantage
of it. Okay, so this has been a very,
very tough month of July. Like I said in
the intro, NASDAQ fell by 11% at one
point, putting it into official
correction territory. It's been a long
time since we've seen this. As you can
imagine, July was a bit of a rough month
for everyone. Tesla dropped by about
25%, Sandis by what, 40, 50%, Micron,
same kind of thing. Many companies had
the same type of reaction. You would
probably think, "Wow, this must have
really screwed Nick over on his trading
because I saw a lot of comments like
that." The truth is, no, it didn't. Take
a look at this. This was my results for
July. I had a very good July. Not my
best for sure. You can see my win rate
there dropped down to 85%. Normally, I'm
in 90 to 95% win rate, but I had to make
decisions. I had to manage accordingly.
I had to manage my risk. And that's the
whole point of trading the way I do. I
don't do this to sell Tesla shares. I
never sell any of my Tesla shares. I I
barely sell any shares, period. The only
time I do is if I bought it literally
for trading purposes. The goal is to
make sure you can make money if the
market's going down, up, or sideways.
That's the goal, to be able to always be
generating income, bring it into your
portfolio. So, guess what? When Tesla
does fall down, I can make money. So,
that's the goal. But in order to do
that, we have to make sure we aren't
greedy. We have to make sure we're
disciplined and we're mechanical. And
luckily this month I was I'm not always
perfect. So every month where I'm
successful in that I call it out for
myself and I'm proud of myself. But
guess what? It's August now. Monday is
the first trading day of the month.
We're back at zero. But I wanted to
celebrate a few other people too who
were me mechanical and did survive this
month. Okay? I I I only show this to
show you that it's not just me. There's
plenty of other people doing this and
you can do it too. Take a look at this.
This is Kurt. Okay. Kurt started trading
literally a week and a half ago maybe.
And he says here, excuse me, two weeks.
He says, "Two weeks into my first option
trade and here are the results. May not
be that exciting, but this will scale.
Training, discipline, and patience are
the keys to success. Thank you, Nick,
for the guidance and inspiration. This
is truly life-changing." And you can see
here in his first two weeks, he made
6,200. This is this is his first two
weeks trading. Period. This is one week
removed from the options crash course.
This is Lori. Notice the last name. She
actually sent me a note as well, but she
also resent a screenshot saying, "Wait,
I didn't send the end of a day stats.
This is better." And this is what she
meant by better. She finished off with
12,380 in her first week of official
trading after the course. Take a look at
this. This is from JBH 1975. He writes,
"Just wanted to give you a big thanks.
In less than 30 days after taking the
intro course on 616, I've profited
$11,040
on 335,000 portfolio, 3.3%. What do I
tell everyone? 1 to 4% per month
conservatively. He's just got done with
the course and he's already at that
3.3%. It's a conservative estimate
because I don't want you guys to shoot
for the stars. I want you to just do
things the right way and learn and scale
accordingly. But he says, "I'll be
transferring more into the account over
time with the goal of using this revenue
stream to allow me to wind down my
general contracting company without
losing any monthly income." Brilliant.
Take a look. Look at this. This is
Patrick. I've taken Nick Gibbs IG
options crash course and zero day course
in in July. I've proven to myself that
making 1 to 4% of my net value in month
in a month is indeed possible. I did
almost 40 trades in July. A big thank
you to Nick Gibbs I AG on his net
liquidity did 2.16%. This has been
repeated for Patrick. This is not his
first month. He's been doing this for a
while now. But now he has enough months
under his belt where he believes not
only has he proven to himself, but he's
also seen the results where he can do
this sustainably moving forward. Take a
look at this. Here's Mike. Mike says,
"Thank you, Nick. So glad I took your
course. Feel like I'm finally getting my
sea legs." Also kudos to Daniel, our
beautiful, brilliant developer, co-owner
of the IEG journal. Daniel, he says,
also kudos to Daniel and the app had had
an issue with my with my first Robin
Hood import, which is quickly fixed.
Then a week or so later, had a
subscription connection issue. I went to
email him and he had already emailed me
9 hours prior with the fixed version for
my problem. I know how hard it is to
find good devs who are on top of things
and actually care. just wanted to make
sure you knew what a good job he is
doing. I like the new update today as
well. Anyways, thank you for everything.
If you don't know what he's talking
about, all the results you see everyone
showing, that's on the IG journal. You
can get it, too. The links down below,
but Daniel is freaking phenomenal. He's
crushing it. He's just such an amazing
developer. He's a trader, and that's the
beautiful thing about our journal. It's
built for traders by traders. And the
best part of it, we do things
differently than anyone else out there.
We make sure everything stays local on
your computer. We never get any of your
data. We never save your trades. We're
never tied to your brokerage account at
all. Right? It's harder. It's more
complicated. It creates more issues that
you have to deal with over time. But
guess what? We rather do it the hard way
and make sure that you have the ultimate
privacy. Why do we build it this way?
Because that's what we wanted. And so if
we wanted that way, we imagine you would
too. That's the whole reason. Take a
look at this. Warner Baron, he wrote,
"Took the July options trading course
last Saturday for the first time. I feel
like I have a real management strategy
versus just poke and hope prior. My only
losing trade in July was me roll for a
credit which is good into August. So
here again you can see his results. Then
we have James James S. He writes 100%
worth the price of admission if you want
to speedrun the learning process and be
able to trade the next day. You won't
regret it. I made almost 7,000 last
month being ultra conservative and using
very little buying power while also
trading some names that took big
haircuts in July. I still managed to
stay safe. This is without any zero day
trades. Again, what he's saying there is
companies like SanDisk, Micron, Tesla
who took big haircuts. Despite that
happening, he still was able to show
results like this. This is what I say.
You want to be able to make money in up
market, down market, side market, right?
This is how we take advantage of what
we're about to talk about by
understanding how to do this without
having to sell our Tesla shares, our
video shares, our Palunteer shares, our
longtime our long-term holds. We don't
want to sell those. We want to be able
to know how to ma in a mechanical proper
way generate income so that when we see
these opportunities we're about to
discuss, we can put capital to work that
we've generated. All right, that's the
idea. or like the other individual, if
you want to stop working or give up your
practice, you want to retire early, you
just want financial independence, or you
just need a few extra bucks to go take
that trip to wherever, that's the goal.
That's the idea. True freedom. Let's go
back to Lori. She writes here, "Highly
recommended recommended working with
Nick Gibs IG for private coaching, crash
course, igthod.com, and the IG journal.
Great start. After only eight days of
trading, I couldn't be more pleased with
my progress. What a great brain game and
potential income strategy. Again, she
made over 12 grand in her first eight
days. Investing against the grain
resonates with our life choices. We
started investing in Tesla in 2016 after
I bought a Model X for my 50th birthday.
That 2026 MXP90DL
changed my life. After ditching our
careers in 2002 to homeschool three
kids, my husband and I retired in 2022.
Tough year to retire, too. from managing
and operating our real estate holdings
and went all in on Tesla. That's my
girl. We had been watching Nick on
YouTube and X for over a year and
decided to see if we could really
generate income through options instead
of selling our Tesla shares. Yes, we
found some guy with a backwards hat on
on the internet and sent him money. It
was absolutely worth it. Thank you so
much for the kind words to everybody.
But at the end of the day, they did it.
It wasn't me. I showed them the way. as
show as possible with the options crash
course. That's the whole idea. I want to
teach you how to fish so that you don't
need me. That's the whole goal. That's
the whole idea. That's that's what I'm
here for. I'm not here to sell you
anything else. I'm I just want to show
you how with a little bit of investment
to learn for one day. Then you can take
that and you're free. You will literally
go and be able to have all the the tools
that you need to go and find your own
success just the way all of them did.
Let's continue here. So, okay. So now if
we talk about that if you took the
course maybe you didn't take the course
right maybe you already know how to do
all this stuff great awesome so now you
have the tools to take advantage of
opportunity so now the next question
that we know how to take advantage of
the opportunity okay what are the
opportunities okay well I'm glad you
asked because I'm getting very excited
because the amount of dislocation that I
see right now with the markets versus
what companies are doing is absolutely
insane. Okay, let's start off with
talking about what we had last week and
this week over the past week and we're
gonna and past two weeks and even we're
going to bleed into this week. So, call
it two and a half weeks because remember
this week we've got AMD, we got Marvel,
we got Palanteer, we got uh Sandis,
we've got SpaceX, we got lots of other
earnings coming up. So, this is going to
be the last real big week. Over the past
couple weeks, we've gotten the
juggernauts come out, report the
earnings, tell their story, and tell us,
hey, what's the state of their economy?
What's the state of their business and
what do they see? What are they
projecting out forward? Here's just the
rough math of what happened. Google
raises capbacks to 195 to 205 billion
and they be earnings. Microsoft, they
lowered capex slightly, but this was
more of an adjustment for leasing and so
their capex actually stayed the same.
It'll be around 175 billion. Meta, they
narrowed their capex to 130 to 145
billion. Really what they did is they
raised the bottom end and a lot of this
was actually due to potential legal
expenses. But if you well we'll talk
about in a second they missed earnings
but they actually kind of beat earnings.
Apple capex was really not stated much
here. There's nothing really to talk
about here. Uh actually they kind of
guided to a worrisome uh situation with
iPhones and sales due to higher memory
costs. Amazon raised their capex to $220
billion from $200 billion and they say
demand is high. They say that they see
demand out to 2028 and they don't see
any signs of it slowing down. Yes, costs
are going up for memory and for storage
and for data centers, but they're still
seeing a really high ROI out into the
future on all of this. So, they are
investing more and more and more. Let's
take a pause and let's focus on the
cloud companies because right now the
cloud companies are the ones that are
really doing a lot of the revenue ROI
when it comes to the spend in AI.
They're kind of the first layer, right?
They give all their money they they give
all their money. They spend their money
their capex on the Microns, the Sandis,
the Nvidas, etc. they spend their money
with them and now they've got all this
equipment and the first question is can
they make an ROI as we move into the
future the next question will be hey
these companies are are renting from the
clouds are they making ROI and it'll
cascade that way but the first line is
that all these hardware companies Micron
Sandis Nvidia etc are they can they
sustain their growth right now is that
possible well the only way that's going
to be possible is if the people who or
the companies who are actually buying
all this equipment if they're making
ROI. Here's what we have. Microsoft full
physical year 2026, Azure revenue
surpassed 100 billion for the first
time. Essentially, up to this point in
the year, they passed 100 billion for
the first time ever. They see crazy
accelerating growth. Google Google saw
82% year-over-year growth to $24.8
billion. Again, 82% growth. Okay,
clearly they're seeing ROI. Clearly
they're seeing demand. And then Amazon,
they saw the smallest amount of growth,
37% year-over-year. But what people
always underestimate when it comes to
AWS and Amazon compared to Azure, which
is Microsoft, and GCP, which is Google,
is that Amazon AWS is on a much bigger
base, much bigger, essentially 60 70 80%
bigger than Azure. and Azure they just
did a hundred billion right for the
first time in physical year 2026 well
Amazon year-over-year did 42.2 $2
billion. Amazon is accelerating their
growth. They are growing so fast on such
a big base. It is insane. And that's why
they're doubling down. That's why
they're investing more into capex. In
fact, they're spending more capex than
any of these other companies. So, you
could imagine the only reason they would
do that is if they're clearly seeing the
ROI on that. And in fact, Andy Jasse put
on a worldclass performance earnings
call. I guarantee you, maybe not Elon,
but all the other CEOs are going to
rewatch what Andy Jasse did, understand
why what he did and what he said
resonated with the market, and they're
going to try to make mimic that in the
next earnings call. You saw Zuck attempt
it. You saw Google and Microsoft attempt
it, but it didn't land. Andy Jasse,
bravo. Well done. Obviously, I'm biased,
but it is what it is. Clearly, there's a
lot of opportunity in these companies.
And I think there's a lot of opportunity
in these companies because they continue
to invest. Eventually, this investment
is going to lead into bigger and better
returns. We haven't quite seen it just
yet. We see we're in the early innings
of it. It's just starting is what I
would say. We see we see it now with
with the hardware companies the
Microsoft or mic the microns the NVIDIA
the Sandis the Dells the HPs we're
seeing it there right now right so for
them like it's happening but for the
hyperscalers I would say we're just
getting started started to see this ROI
really start to come in in a meaningful
way let's talk about meta because I
actually think meta out of all of these
might be the most risky but the most
opportunity because they got killed
healed on this earnings call. They got I
mean afterwards they fell. They went
from $600 all the way to almost in the
400s, right? They dropped to low 500s.
They just got wrecked. Why did they get
wrecked? Well, a few things. They didn't
do themselves any favors. Let's be very
clear. They didn't provide any guidance
really on leasing out any data center
space, which the market would have liked
because at least they'd be like, "Hey,
at least there's some ROI coming from
here." So, and keep an eye on that for
SpaceX on Tuesday. If there's one thing
that really might send SpaceX up, it
will be talking about their NeoCloud
approach and what they're seeing for
business and their line of sight and
their guidance on that. Hopefully, Gwen,
Elon, and team take note of that. If
Mark would have done that alone, you
probably would have seen this stock back
up in the 700s. Just my guess. I have no
way of proving that. Just a hunch. But
that's not what happened. Instead, they
really kind of dismissed it. They said
that they would they have better use for
that than leasing it out, even though
people are willing to pay them so much
money. They talked about how they're
going to be making more AI agentic type
products for use, but you know, they'll
talk more about it later. They wouldn't
really divulge much of it. And really,
they didn't say anything new or anything
meaningful that anyone walked away with
excited about or feeling like, hey, you
guys are actually going to be able to
make some return on investment on your
capital investment. Instead, all they
said was, "Yeah, we're essentially going
to keep spending a lot and we're not
going to tell you how or when we're
going to make any money back on it."
It's understandable that the market
wasn't happy with that. To compound the
problem, Meta also reported two big
hits. one, they reported a big legal
cost for a case where essentially
there's a lot of lawsuits that are
potentially coming Meadow's way
regarding uh safety with kids and
essentially making their their platform,
their social media addictive and for
kids or kids, you know, teenagers,
people who are younger, under 18. And
they lost a case recently and they had
to take about $2 billion legal expense
hit on that. And then they also had a
one-time hit for uh severance packages
that they had to pay out due to recent
layoffs that they they had. Between both
of those, this actually made them miss
earnings by a good amount. Take those
two one-time events out. Meta beat
earnings. Let's be very clear. Meta's
main business is ads. And while the
market and Wall Street and these
analysts and these people who ask some
questions on the earnings call continue
to want to see, hey, where's the return
on invested capital? We want to see it.
How are you going to generate money? How
are you using AI meaningfully? They
don't seem to either care or understand
that right now it's through ads. They're
helping companies make better ads.
They're helping peuh companies that when
they make those ads that they find the
people who are going to be more
influenced or benefit from those ads,
better, you know, directed individuals.
And if you can direct an ad better to
the point where people act on the ad or
use that ad or purchase or click or
create a warm lead for me, then guess
what? That is valuable for me. I see
that I'm happy with that. I spend more
money on ads. And this becomes a
self-fulfilling reoccurring uh virtuous
cycle. Wall Street doesn't quite seem to
think that it's anything more than just
ads. And hey, ads are ads. It's ads
business. We get it. But where's the AI?
They don't seem to understand that that
is the AI. Understanding your client
base, understanding understanding how
they're buying and what they're doing
and what their interests are and what
they're talking with their friends and
all that. Is it big brotherous? Yeah,
absolutely is. But what part of our
world isn't? The bottom line is the
business. Let's just talk about the
business. They know a lot. In fact, they
have exposure to onethird of Earth's
population. And when I say exposure, I
mean like real exposure. Onethird of the
population on Earth uses some meta
product every single day. Whether it's
Instagram, WhatsApp, Facebook, something
they use every single day. Onethird of
Earth's population. They are the biggest
ads company in the world. They have
eyes, ears, attention of a third of the
world. That's a big big big deal. And I
think that it's just a sleeping
juggernaut waiting here. Now, is there
risk? Yes, of course there's risk.
there's execution risk. While Mark
Zuckerberg is a polarized individual, in
fact, many people don't like him as a
person, I kind of like him more recently
than I did in the past. I I I feel like
he's made like a uh I don't know, a
pivot in in his life, and the way he
thinks uh in the way he acts, the way he
moves. Uh and I think it's good. It's,
you know, made me from not liking him to
like, all right, maybe he's not so bad.
He has potential execution risk. He did
not execute well with metaverse and
people still hold him accountable
accountable for that. people still will
criticize him for that. And so people,
you know, when they have recency bias
and recency bias, we're talking about
like during co time, right? Like 2020 to
2022 is when the whole this whole
metaverse uh saga was happening where he
was dumping so much money into the
metaverse. And I don't want to say it
flopped because if it wasn't for them
building out the metaverse, they
wouldn't have had the data centers and
the knowhow and a lot of the, you know,
unique tools that they were using to
build that translated into them being
able to pivot into AI. So it kind of was
a fortunate event for them, but people
have the bias of that. And so anything
that Zuck does that isn't showing return
on invested capital, they're going to
punish him for it. And then again, you
also have the risk of more of these
legal uh lawsuits and these payouts that
they have to do. Who knows if it's going
to continue? Who knows if it's going to
end? However, to me, this is where
there's potential opportunity. I'm not
saying go all in on Meta the way you do
with Tesla. It's not what I'm saying.
What I'm saying is take a look at it.
There's potential here. It's very sold
off right now for a company that is very
profitable, biggest ads company in the
world, touches onethird of the entire US
population. They don't have any crazy
debt. They're very well-versed in what
they're doing and they're founder led. I
mean, I think that's, you know, worth
taking a look at despite what you may or
may not think of Zuck. But again, maybe
that is how you invest. I get that. It's
one of the reasons I'm all in on Tesla
because, well, for better or worse, I'm
invested in Elon at the end of the day.
So, I get that if that's your point of
view. But when it comes to trading,
which is why we take the options crash
course. We learn, who cares? We're just
there to sell options, to learn how to
trade options so that then we can
generate income. It's not a real
investment. You're not really tying up
capital in the way you would with
purchasing stock. So, it's a little
different. Let's continue here. Let's
So, we've talked about the hypers
scalers. We've talked about the earnings
and and we've talked a little about
what's coming up which and just to zoom
out again keep in mind of all the
companies have earned or have reported
earnings so far about something like
crazy like 80 to 85% have beat earnings
and I think earnings growth or beats was
something like 30 to 40% I forget the
number but it's it's a bit insane but
what's also insane you don't have to be
notamus do what whatever the name is to
to see what's happening where things are
going. You really don't you don't have
to have your Chimamas sweater on to be
able to see where we're going. All you
have to do is listen to these earnings
call. All you have to do is look around,
see where they're spending their money.
Take a look at this. This is uh Ryan uh
Detri. Okay, so I want to give him
credit for putting this together. He
said he has here the updated chart of
hyperscalers spending on cap X over $1
trillion in 2027, which is nearly 3% of
GDP. Look at this. This is the AI
related capex spending uh was already
huge and now companies are telling us
it's going to be even bigger and you can
see here you can watch this chart how
how the projections from the initial
estimate to to what's happening each Q1
and Q2 the estimates keep going higher
and higher and higher and you can see
here 1.7% of GDP per year 2.5% of GDP
per year and now 2.8% 8% of GDP per
year. This capex is growing. Okay? And
this is only looking at Microsoft,
Alphabet, Amazon, Meta, and Oracle. This
doesn't include Tesla. This doesn't
include SpaceX. This doesn't include
Palunteer. This doesn't include many
many other companies. This doesn't
include Nvidia. This does this doesn't
include many companies. This doesn't
include people who are going to be or
people I keep saying people companies
that will be building out the data
centers. The companies that are making
equipment for data center. You don't see
anything here about Micron. You don't
see any of that. Well, Micron's a big US
company and they have to build uh
factories as well to be able to build
more high bandwidth memory. So, the
whole ecosystem here, this doesn't
include Tesla. This doesn't include the
Terra Fab that they're going to be
building out. This doesn't include any
of that. So, there's a lot of big
potential growth here. I think that is
why it's critical for you to understand
how you can take advantage of this
because if you can take advantage of
this now, I genuinely do believe that
this is an opportunity where you can
make gener generational wealth or just
really set yourself up for success in
the future. But the only way you're
going to be able to do that, especially
if you're like me where you're all in on
Tesla, is to figure out how to make more
income without having to go and ask your
employer for a raise or hope that you go
make that sale at that job. The only way
you're going to do that is by learning
how to trade option properly,
responsibly, mechanically, so that you
can then create extra income. So that
then when you get that extra income, you
can invest in these companies. That's
the idea. It's about being capital
efficient, being able to generate 1 to
4% per month. So that then when you have
that income, maybe you retire early,
maybe you use it to enjoy your
retirement better, maybe use it to go
take that trip, or maybe you use it to
buy more of these stocks when we're
still in the early innings of this.
Again, you don't have to be a rocket
science. Just look where the companies
are spending their money. Just look at
it. It's very obvious. So to me, it's a
no-brainer. But with that said,
responsible. What does responsible mean?
Well, responsible means not being silly
or doing crazy things with margin, not
going insane with debt. And that leads
us to our next story here, which might
be the story of 2026. This might be the
story of the year that just happened.
Take a look at this. This has to be the
story of 2026. Ken Griffin Citadel was
pushing surprise rate hike fears just
days before the AI trade collapsed and
forced a 4x levered uh Leopold
situational awareness fund to unload
load its book near the lows. Citadel
then reportedly bought most of those
assets at significantly lower prices
knowing that if sentiment deteriorated
enough the fund could be forced to sell
which makes the entire sequence look
absolutely ruthless. This is why the
stock market is the greatest game on
earth. So what happened? Okay, Leopold
he was seen this is the kid on the
right. Uh well my right the one that's
obviously a kid. All right. So he was a
fund manager for this com this fund
called situational awareness. You know
just it's all I hear is Elon Musk in my
ear. You know the most ironic outcome is
the most likely outcome. Well sure
enough here we are again. Fund called
situational awareness. Well they didn't
have situational awareness. they he was
a kid I I believe he came from anthropic
and he was supposed to be like this Wall
Street AI analyst genius who was going
to crush it and he was crushing it.
Let's just be honest here. He was doing
very very well but what happened is you
know the same thing I tell a lot of
people in options crash course is when
you start winning you can start to get
this complex of like oh I'm a genius oh
I'm untouchable and you start to do dumb
things. Well, he started to do dumb
things. He started to get overlevered.
He started to get 4x levered. And when
you get that levered, if anything
happens where your initial assets that
are essentially the collateral for that
leverage, if anything happens to that
collateral, if it starts to go down,
well, guess what? Now, if you're 4x
levered, maybe now you're 5x levered
because that collateral has depleted.
Think of it this way. Think back into
'08. You bought a house. Let's say it
was, we'll use easy number. Say it was a
million dollars. You put 20% down.
Great. You put your 200k down. You move
in with your family. You're happy.
Everyone, you know, kids are picking a
room and all that. Million dollars,
right? Bank gives you a loan. Why? Well,
you got a good job. And the house has
value. The house is part of the
collateral. The house, the land, all
that. Then 08 happens and guess what?
Home prices crash. Now that million-doll
house, it's only worth 500,000. bank
comes to you says, "Hey, we gotta get
right here. Your debt to equity is not
good at all. So, we need you to start
paying more so we can do right by this."
Well, imagine that on steroid because in
that case, many times people would say,
"I I I'm already at max. I could barely
even afford what we doing here, right?"
And people would default. They would go
into bankruptcy. All this crazy stuff
and domino effect. Well, this is even
more crazy because here there's no one
sitting there saying, "Hey, Leopold, you
know, your collateral went down in
value. You borrowed this much money. We
got a problem here. Your collateral
doesn't support what you borrow. What
are we going to do about this?" No,
that's not how it works. The way it
works, especially when you're levered
like this, at the end of every day,
there's an assessment. In fact, it's
constantly being assessed. How much is
your collateral changing, fluctuating?
Hey, if it goes up, great. You can
borrow more. Go for it. Banks open. It's
all yours. But if it starts to come
down, guess what? Banks close. In fact,
the banks collecting saying, "Hey, we
need some money from you because uh
yeah, you're a bit underwater here." And
that's what happened. But it happened in
extreme way. So, let's put a pin on
that. What was Griffin doing here? What
was Ken Griffin from Citadel doing?
Well, this is kind of the talk of the
town. They're saying that Ken Griffin
had been circulating these rumors that
Kevin Walsh on this past Wednesday would
be raising rates, that he would be doing
a surprise rate. Okay, now mind you, the
prediction markets had a 30% chance that
they would raise rates and 70% it was
going to be a pause. Most people thought
this. In fact, nobody was even floating
the idea about a rate cut or a surprise
rate cut until this started. So much so
that the day of uh the maybe 2 days
before or the day, I forget in my
morning post on for my ex subscribers,
everyone who subscribes to me on X, I
put out a morning post every morning and
in that post I wrote, "Hey, I'm seeing
chatters and rumors of a potential
surprise rate hike. Just be aware of
this. I don't know if it's true. I don't
think it's going to happen, but the the
the talk was getting louder and louder
of this." Well, this is Ken Griffin who
was joins. I didn't know at the time who
like how this even started but all of a
sudden it's like man this was coming out
of everywhere. Everyone seemed to be you
know the zeitgeist was hey ray cut
surprise potentially happening and why
would they do this? Well oh well this
would give Kevin Worsh a way to prove to
the market that he is not just going to
bend the knee to Trump and by raising
rates would be proof of this. Well sure
enough didn't see rates go up or
anything but all this noise all this
drama led to the market selling off. If
maybe you remember what this felt like
the other day, right? The market's
selling off hard, especially the AI
names, which going back to Liupold and
his levered investments. He got dragged
down because of that. His core holdings
were essentially tanking because of
this. And that put him in a situation
where he essentially had to have a fire
sale. He had to sell his collateral in
order to cover his loans. And this is
what where Citadel's King Griffin
stepped in and said, "Hey, we'll help
you out, buddy. We'll buy those up. You
got a fire sale, we'll take it all." And
just like that, this young prodigy kid
who was supposed to be the next big
thing for Wall Street blew up his public
fund. Now, he still has his fund. He
still has his private side. And his
private side, he still owns 5% of
Anthropic. So, that's a big chunk there.
But essentially, this is what happens
when you get over lever. This is what
happens when you go into margin. And
this is why it's critical. Don't do
anything dumb. This is why I say you
have to know what you're doing. This is
why I warn people that if you're going
to do anything with options, learn what
you're doing. I don't care if you don't
learn from me. Just properly learn what
you're doing, understand what risk
you're taking so you don't do anything
dumb. Okay? That's the biggest thing.
The biggest thing with anything we do in
life, it's not like you have to be that
talented or that great. Just avoid the
dumb things. Be consistent. Be
mechanical. Have a plan. Stick to your
plan. It's not that hard. Really, it's
not. What's hard, honestly, is doing the
boring thing day after day, over and
over. That's what's hard. But if you can
do the boring thing, if you can just be
consistent, if you cannot be greedy, if
you can keep yourself in check, man,
it's really not that complicated. It's
really not. Well, now that we're done
with the story of the year, let's talk
about the other story of the year,
especially in our world. and our and
when I say our I mean any SpaceX Tesla
investors. We on this past Friday or
Thursday, this report came out from who
was it the Wall Street Journal and it
said Tesla's weighing a potential
separation of its China business to pave
the way for a potential merger with
SpaceX. The Wall Street Journal reported
and this as you can imagine in our world
again you probably remember went
nuclear, right? It was all over. It's
all it was boom boom boom boom boom boom
boom and for two hours I mean we had
Jeff and Herbert and Alexander jump on
live stream to talk about it right
they're very good jumping on breaking
news like it's awesome that we have a
community where we can just jump on
right away like all right what do we
think about this what's going on the
validity of this does this make sense
does it not make sense right like I mean
what an awesome community that we have
here that we have people that are
willing to do that and jump on and you
know kind of have this conversation that
as you can imagine we all want to have
But 2 hours later, you know, literally
right when they got done uh talking
about it, Elon Musk comes out and
essentially says, "This is fake news."
He says, "None of this is true." He
says, "They've never even talked about
this or anything." Well, then today,
right before I come on here, I see this
from uh Whale Wales Insider just in
SpaceX moves to keep Chinese nationals
part out of supply chain to insulate US
space program from China influence. What
does all this mean? Well, reality is we
don't know. We know something's
happening very clearly. We know that
there is a lot of smoke. I mean, like
crazy amount of smoke. Like any minute
now, we're going to see the fire. But
there's a lot of smoke right now around
this Tesla SpaceX merger. Now, in order
for this merger to happen, there's one
kind of big lynch pin. Well, I mean, I
guess two. The first obvious one is us
shareholders from the Tesla side. We
have to vote for it. Now, SpaceX
shareholders also have to vote for it.
But Elon essentially can push it through
because he's such a big shareholder.
That part's not worrisome on the SpaceX
side. From our side, it matters because
if we don't get 50 plus% of outstanding
votes to vote for this to say yay on
this, it's not going to happen. So,
that's one. But that is solvable through
incentive. All right. So, it's very easy
to solve our side of it, the voter side,
just by making sure it's a sweet enough
of a deal. Now the China piece that is
the wrinkle. Okay. So it was interesting
when this came out from Wall Street
Journal because as I spoke with
Alexander yesterday she believes this
was not an accent. This was not
necessarily fake news. There might be
part of it that is fake news. Maybe
certain way they phrase the title or
certain component of it. No way the
entire thing is fake news. It would be
literally business malpractice in order
if they did not talk about this. If they
did not think and through and plan for
the risk that something happens with
China, what happens to the rest of
Tesla, especially after CO, every
company has talked about this. What
would we do if CO 2.0 happened? If we
got our factory shut down again, how
would we uh how would we have a disaster
recovery in essence, right? How would we
continue our continuity plan? You have
to have that, especially after COVID.
Maybe before you didn't really have it,
you definitely have it now. No way you
don't. There's different ways you can do
this, but why is this a big deal for
Tesla? It's a big deal if Tesla wants to
merge or if SpaceX wants to acquire
Tesla. SpaceX is considered a military
company. They're considered a military
contract company. In fact, Starlink
itself is constantly used with military
operations. China would obviously take
issue with that. All right. China does
not necessarily want to see Tesla who's
there who has cars driving all over
their streets with cameras mapping
things out potentially getting
information to go back to a military
company. They don't want to see Tesla
acquiring rare earth minerals or
products from China and then sending
those back to the states to Tesla only
to funnel it to SpaceX, a military
contract company. It's fair for China. I
mean, reverse the script. We'd be saying
the same thing now. Also, at the same
time, the US has to agree to this. The
US also might have an issue with this
merger because guess what? They don't
want a military company to potentially
be able to be blackmailed or bullied
because they have business in China with
the Tesla factory. So there, you know,
it's on both sides. So what does Tesla
have to do? Tesla has to somehow create
a very clear separation of the China
business from the rest of the world and
SpaceX. It has to be clear and China can
slow roll this. At the end of the day,
China has to approve this. If China
doesn't approve this, well then it's not
going to happen. If Tesla, SpaceX decide
to say, "Hey, screw off. We're doing
this anyways." Well, then China can
retaliate in their own ways. They could
ban Teslas from China. They could take
over the factory. They could restrict
suppliers from selling to Tesla or
SpaceX at that time, I guess. They could
make sure that uh they make it harder
and slow things down for them. There's
all kinds of things that China could do.
Now, at the same time, let's be honest,
China really likes having Tesla there.
Why? Well, because they're building the
latest, greatest technology, and China
and all their other companies get to
learn and benefit from this. Also, Tesla
China employs a lot of people. and Tesla
or excuse me, China really likes being a
big export company when it comes to
vehicles. So, both sides have their
gives and takes. What Alexander posed is
that this was essentially a a signal to
China saying, "We're doing this. Figure
out what you need to be comfortable
because it's happening. It's happening
fast. It's happening soon. You get your
situation. Figure it out because you're
not going to delay us." This next week
with the Space X earnings is going to be
a very interesting one. What will they
say? What won't they say? As Alexander
said on our call yesterday, they don't
have a general counsel. They have some
other lawyer there. I don't know what
his title is, VP or something. So, it'll
be interesting. What do they answer?
What don't they answer? Maybe they make
an announcement. Maybe they don't. Maybe
something happens right at the end of
the earnings call. I don't know what's
going to happen. But whether something
happens or not on the earnings call or
right after the earnings call, after the
earnings call, it's going to be kind of
like looking at the clock like any day
now something may or may not happen. And
as you can imagine from a Tesla
perspective, that gets really
interesting really quickly. An
announcement alone could send the stock
up much much higher. Now, what was
interesting was that when these rumors
first circulated before Elon put the
kaibos on the rumors of spinning off or
what was the words that they use? uh
selling off uh the China business,
separation of the China business. The
stock went up. The stock went from like
303 all the way up to like 323, 324. So,
the market like this. Okay. Now, I
believe it's not likely at this point
that they divest or sell off the China
business. Well, maybe they could divest
it. That's actually possible. That is my
my bigger fear as I mentioned with
Alexandria. Uh but I don't think they'll
spin it off because nobody would want to
stay invested in that. Everyone wants to
stay invested in Elon, autonomy and
Optimus. So any kind of spin-off I don't
think happens. Dvestature I don't think
they want to do that because at the end
of the day Tesla China delivers vehicles
to a big part of the world for Tesla. So
I don't think they want to do that.
They've got talent there. They got the
mega pack factor there. I don't think
they want to do that. So I think what's
more likely to happen is that we get
some type of joint venture or very
ironclad ring fencing or there's
something's going to happen where they
negotiate to a place where China can can
live with this deal as far as what
happens here with Tesla stock because
that's really the big question. That's
that's a million-dollar question because
right now as SpaceX drops in valuation
makes it harder and harder for them to
offer a premium to Tesla. Why? Well,
because if SpaceX continues to drop in
value and let's say they were to give
Tesla investors a premium to purchase
them, well, that would dilute SpaceX.
That would dilute the SpaceX investors.
Now, mind you, Elon essentially has the
ultimate decision on this as far as my
understanding goes, but the board would
have to be okay with it. Our board would
have to be okay with it. And I don't
know if there would be lawsuits or what
would happen here. So, it gets a little
messy. However, if SpaceX goes up in
valuation, it makes it much easier,
right? That's the sweetheart situation
where SpaceX starts to go up and then
that starts to bring Tesla up with it
because then SpaceX could do a merger of
equals or they could offer a premium.
So, if SpaceX can figure out their
situation to stop bleeding, which is
really hard because right now they're
not profitable and they have such a high
valuation, that's where this earnings
really gets interesting. If it's
potential that they show profit, if it's
potential that they do the opposite of
what Mark Zuckerberg did, where instead
they say, "Hey, this is our leasing
business now. This is our neocloud
business. This is the demand we have
coming in. This is our plan to grow it
and this is going to be a revenue
profitable juggernaut for us." That
changes the equation. That may send
SpaceX back up because at that point,
they don't just have a Neocloud
business, but they also have the terra
they're building. They also have
satellites. They have orbital, they have
rockets going up all the time, right?
They have a whole different segment
here. That could boost the stock up,
especially given who's at the helm,
which is Elon Musk. Elon Musk commands a
premium. Why? Because he may be late,
but he does the impossible over and
over. What am I doing at the end of the
day? I'm not doing anything. I'm staying
investing in Tesla. I'm been in it this
long. We're not We're not going
anywhere. We're not We're not selling.
Not when cyber cabs are all over. We're
not not when I see the fastest rate I've
seen FST releases coming out. I'm not
hearing anyone talk about this, which is
surprising, but we're seeing FSD release
coming out faster and faster. A
potential merger, a potential premium
for a merger if SpaceX can figure their
stuff out. There's just too much. And by
the way, I don't know if you're aware of
this, these next nine weeks are supposed
to be the best historically the best
nine weeks for Tesla. So yeah,
definitely not going to do anything at
that point. Uh not selling covered
calls, not doing anything. I'm not even
selling puts. I'm just not trading
Tesla, period. I got trades on other
companies. That's the beauty of what we
do. It's not just Tesla. We get to sit
there, hold our shares, let the stock
appreciate, let it do its thing, be buy
and hold. I'll make money in the
meantime trading other companies that
have the right setup that meet my
criteria. And that's going to be good
enough for me. I'm excited for this next
week. It's going to be a big week. I
hope all of you are enjoying your your
uh Investing Against the Grain I AG
journal. If you're trading with us, uh
please use the link down below if you
want to subscribe to it. Uh and if you
want to join the zero day course, again,
that link's down below. Remember, that's
going to be at the end of August. That's
going to be the last one we're probably
going to have for a while. And then if
you want to do the options crash course,
again, the next one's coming up in
September. Okay? We sell out of these
very quickly. So, if you want to sign
up, use the link down below. All right,
everybody. Have a great week. Be safe.
Don't go on the margin. If you do know
what you're doing, be very safe. Make
sure you have capital funds ready to
cover the margin. And as always, stay
safe. Tears.