Channel:     futureaza
Title:       One Expert Just Changed How We View Tesla
URL:         https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BA1BMCLMLM4
Published:   2026-06-06 12:00 UTC
Fetched:     2026-06-06 13:00 UTC

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Tesla famously was one of the first
companies to use really big castings in
their cars to save money, to make the
cars easier to build, to make them
quicker to build. Time is money. Uh, but
what is the point of it all? Does it
really save money? Is it actually
better? And why is it that we're seeing
so many manufacturers move in this
direction? Well, I've got questions. And
guess who's got answers? Luca Greco. I
call him the uh the Jordan Gizigee. But
for castings, he is the expert who goes
around the world, checks them out
himself, and has done all of the
research, read all of the white papers,
and knows what the heck is going on.
I've got him here joining me. Let's have
a conversation. I'm Brian. Welcome to
Futurazza.
&gt;&gt; Luca, so great to have you uh to
actually talk to. This is amazing. Thank
you.
&gt;&gt; Thank you for having me and giving me
this opportunity.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Yeah. So, we've got a bunch of
questions here. Uh, we're going to be
doing this in two parts. The first part
is everything up until today, the
history, uh, and the current events.
We'll have a second video where we talk
about the future, what's coming next,
which I think is just as exciting, but a
very different topic. So, let's start
with uh, giga casting 101. What is it?
So giga casting can be just summed up as
a large structural die casting for the
automotive industry. Um there is very
little application outside of the
automotive industry today. Actually it
was just very very few uh large size
machines sold outside of automotive. So
giga casting is basically large
underbody castings uh usually front and
rear but there's also some new
applications ma mainly in China maybe we
will talk about them later it's
basically the underbody of the car
consolidated into one huge uh aluminum
or magnesium uh casting
&gt;&gt; and these are better because they come
out the exact same each time. They don't
need as many robots. you can have a
shorter assembly line uh because you
know it's one piece instead of many many
small pieces. Okay. Yeah. Right.
&gt;&gt; Well, if I if I say that they come they
come out exactly uh the same uh any time
probably somebody's going to kill me but
uh because in die casting nothing is the
same. But uh giga casting is so
convenient is because it eliminates so
many steps and risks in your supply
chain. Uh you don't have uh for just one
giga casting you eliminate 70 possible
suppliers. You eliminate tens tens of
steps uh for each of these 70 parts.
It's easier to set up one huge machine
uh and do a couple of post-processing
um and that's it. getting to that point
where you can have a big yield uh like
95% yield and above is the hard part. Uh
but once you solve it, it it works. It
works amazing. Uh and it's been working
very well for for Tesla and uh Volvo and
all the Chinese OEMs.
&gt;&gt; So Tesla uh was the first to use a quite
large casting single piece for the rear
end. Uh the Model Y when it first
debuted was actually two separate pieces
that they would then join together.
Within a year it was one big piece. How
big is Tesla's casting and how big are
some of the other ones that other
manufacturers are already using? The
Tesla Model Y has probably one of the
largest uh castings uh right now,
especially when you compare it to the
other uh Chinese OEMs because they they
have this let's say quite essential uh
part of their safety architecture which
is integrating the the crash cans uh to
the rear of the casting also the front
casting. And this is why it's
substantially larger, especially uh at
least 200 mm longer in the rear. But
it's not the largest casting. Uh there
are few few uh very few larger castings
in China which are mainly the uh battery
trays uh which are being made in a
prototype stage for now. But Dongfang is
very close to launching uh their full
battery tray on the Dongfang M8
at the end of this year. And for this
they are using a 16,000 ton machines uh
which
I I've seen it uh in real life in Wuhan
this year and it's absolutely gigantic.
I mean it it's next level. I for example
I uh work every day on uh m die casting
machines uh on the size of 1,000 tons
around that and 16,000 tons is basically
bigger than the building where uh the
1,00 machines sits it's incredible
&gt;&gt; right so Tesla's 9,000 ton press is the
size of a building and this is more like
the size of a mansion
&gt;&gt; yeah basically it's extremely tall the
building is gigantic
Yes. And all that clamping force is
needed because when you're injecting
liquid hot metal, uh if you don't have
sufficient force, it's just going to
come out, right?
&gt;&gt; Yeah, exactly. Understanding why you
need all that force is actually
extremely easy. um you just need to
multiply the surface area of uh your
casting and uh all the ingates and
overflows
by the pressure that you want to apply
to the casting. So
&gt;&gt; for a casting the size of the Model Y,
um you can notice Tesla uses 6,000 ton
machines while in China the standard is
9,000.
And this is because the Chinese want to
apply more more force uh to the casting
in order to
improve the properties of the casting to
squeeze more material in while the um
molten metal shrinks and creates all
sorts of defects. You want to push um
more pressure and let's say compensate
for the shrinkage of the casting.
&gt;&gt; Mhm. in this Tesla is very efficient
because they need less pressure. Um, and
it's all in a secret recipe that we
don't see and it's impossible to see
unfortunately, but is the engineering
magic that they do every day.
&gt;&gt; Mhm. So, we've now seen since Tesla
started doing this other manufacturers
doing it. Uh, we'll go market by market.
In the US, is anyone else using it yet?
Currently not only uh Ford is doing
uh preparation for launch uh with the uh
universal EV platform uh they're going
to introduce uh front and rear giga
casting. Uh they call them uniccasting
actually and that's the only public
announcement really. Another OEM which
wanted to introduce uh large diecasting
machines for giga casting but in a
different way was Honda.
uh they installed uh five machines in
Ohio. It's five 6,000 ton machines
&gt;&gt; and they were supposed to make uh
battery trays um in two and then use
friction steer welding uh to put them
together. Uh but unfortunately they
scrapped all the plans um for their EVs
which they presented last year. I don't
remember exactly what the names were,
but for the US, the public information
it's this is it basically.
&gt;&gt; Mhm. Uh well, let's talk about Japan.
Are Japanese companies doing this yet?
&gt;&gt; Well, other than Honda, which is it was
it was in this uh development phase and
unfortunately the plans uh were
scrapped. uh there's uh Nissa uh they
want to introduce Giga Casting in 2027
although there's been a bit of silence
on their side so you never know but the
other big one was Toyota they what they
wanted to introduce uh the unbox process
and Giga casting
but also very recent news just from a
couple of days ago the their first Lexus
EV which was supposed to introduce giga
casting technology uh it was also
cancelled
But my understanding is that they still
want to go in that direction of giga
casting at least and the factory in
Shanghai uh still keep going and it
won't stop any also the installation of
the machines I believe it's it's going
on right now actually to
&gt;&gt; Toyota in cancing that Lexus not only
cancelled some of their giga casting
plans but also solid state yeah it was
finally supposed to be here. Uh Toyota
loves loves to announce solid state
batteries. Announcements are very easy.
Well, we'll go to Europe next because
when we get to China, I think we're
going to have a lot to say. Anyone in
Europe moving toward giga castings?
&gt;&gt; Well, we have uh Volvo, which is very
strong on giga casting right now. Um not
only they actually started production
this year in their historic factory in
Tlanda in Sweden. uh they installed two
8,000 ton machines
um and they were the first European OEM
to do so actually were very early
compared to uh all the other Western
OEMs in 2022 they were already investing
and if you if you're one of the buyers
of the EX60 uh you're getting a vehicle
with Giga casting made in Europe and
they're also expanding um their plans to
a new factory in Slovakia. They are
going to install M uh 9,000 ton machines
this time and it's going to be for the
first vehicle announced was Pstar
actually
&gt;&gt; the Polestar 7 which I'm not very
familiar with the company. I don't know
if it's
was the state of that vehicle. Uh I
don't think it was announced yet.
&gt;&gt; I don't uh follow Polestar as closely.
I've reviewed one of them once. Um but
we don't get very many in the US. Uh so
that would be part of it. So now we get
to China and China seems to be heading
in that direction. Uh how like would it
be easier to ask what percentage of
Chinese companies are going this
direction?
&gt;&gt; Uh yes, it's probably all of them,
&gt;&gt; right?
&gt;&gt; Uh in some way yes. Um recently there
was some debate from uh Great Wall
Motors uh on Chinese social media. One
of the managers uh he he he used to talk
negatively about giga casting and he was
called out um by other other managers
from other companies actually. Uh it was
very interesting. Uh but yeah, other
than great walls and maybe some a couple
of startups, everyone else is
implementing giga casting currently or
in the near future, very near future.
But the interesting thing is not that
just so many companies are investing in
giga casting is the over supply of
machines uh for giga casting. uh many
suppliers invested in invested billions
in uh giga casting equipment and it
won't be the demand won't be fulfilled
for the next 5 years probably.
&gt;&gt; So there's a machine shortage because
the machines are so big and take so long
to build much like we're seeing
shortages in other industries right now
that are trying to grow quicker than
we've ever seen. Is that right? I
wouldn't say that there's a machine
shortage
um because of China only because of
China because you have so many machines
installed in China which don't have uh
demand for that you can probably get one
of the used mach used. I mean they're
new and uh commissioned and tested and
everything but never used. Um, but if
you are, you know, a North American or
European OEM, maybe
come to China, do a trip and uh talk
with some suppliers and you can probably
get a brand new machine for uh a big
discount maybe. But
&gt;&gt; it's a real problem in China right now
for the foundaries, for the big
foundaries.
&gt;&gt; Well, and uh more importantly than
getting a discount, you could actually
get one quickly.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. and it's already tested. It
already works. So, when I was in China,
when I went to the Shanghai Auto Show
last year, uh when I've done factory
tours, what I've seen is that they're
not just using a big front casting and a
big g back casting. Some of these cars
have many, many smaller castings. Some
that go up the B-pillars or uh up much
higher in the rear of the car. Uh almost
uh I mean even as high as the windows,
sometimes even higher. They're using a
lot more cast pieces. Is that common? Is
that a good thing?
&gt;&gt; Well, the the die casting industry was
used to supply large casting uh large
castings to western OEMs for a very long
time. Really, there are some very very
large castings, not the size of Teslas
in 2020, but which used maybe 4,000 ton
machines. uh these have been I mean not
the industry standard to the point where
we seeing giga casting uh becoming
always always more the the rule. They
were exceptions but they are nothing new
in a sense. The thing is in China is
that they're going to introduce more and
more castings uh even smaller castings
because of magnesium.
&gt;&gt; Um you can have you can't have uh stamp
magnesium sheets like you can have
aluminum stamp sheets. Um so and they
have a directive to it's not like a
mandate but it's a state directive to
integrate more magnesium components in
their vehicles up to 45 kg by 2030
and uh this is why we're seeing more
castings. Uh they want to build out that
knowledge and overall
process quality to switch to magnesium
and uh fulfill the goal of uh the
communist party. So, let's talk about
magnesium. That is next on my list. So,
magnesium is uh for those who had mag
wheels on a bicycle, you may have
thought that those mag wheels were
plastic. They're not. They're metal.
They're very lightweight. They're very
durable. Uh they are reasonably
resilient. And um in terms of fire
mitigation, because magnesium is used
even in fireworks, it is uh a question
of the alloy. They don't have to be
flammable. Magnesium is coming or it's
already here. Uh talk to me about
magnesium castings and the advantages
and disadvantages.
&gt;&gt; Well, unfortunately um China controls
more than 95% of global magnesium
refining.
&gt;&gt; Oh.
&gt;&gt; Um yes. And this is a big issue because
magnesium is fundamental for the steel,
titanium and aluminum industries. Uh
without magnesium you can almost do
anything. um in terms of uh light metals
and the west is completely dependent.
But the thing is that despite being
dependent for the past 30 years, uh
magnesium castings were not really uh
foreign to our industry. Um they they
really
lost a big market share uh in the past
uh three or four years uh because of
spikes in magnesium prices in China. But
in China it's completely different. This
is actually the opposite situation.
Before uh despite China producing all
the magnesium uh you had really low
content of magnesium in vehicles uh less
than 1 kilogram uh while in the west we
were above five to 15 kg and now China
is really growing uh and it's growing in
applications
and one an interesting one is uh the
electric motor shells in magnesium. Uh,
for example, for an EV, you can
integrate one of one of these uh
magnesium castings and they get 30%
lighter, which means you increase your
magnesium content to uh 15 to 20 kg and
you save maybe five five kilograms, but
that's not the the goal is the goal is
to increase the magnesium content. Uh,
okay. Because it's the directive from
from the state. So the state is saying,
"Oh, look, this is going to make your
vehicles more efficient and lighter and
better. We got to get rid of all this
magnesium."
Uh, so they're So I mean, it it it works
on both sides. At least it's not
something like, you know, uh, going the
other direction where you end up with a
heavier vehicle and less efficiency.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; Are there any downsides to magnesium
castings? Well, magnesium castings, uh,
for traditional die casting, uh, it's a
very big risk for the foundry. Um,
that's because you need to fully melt
the magnesium and hold it in furnaces.
And when the magnesium is exported to
the oxygen in the environment, uh, it
tends to, uh, catch fire in a violent
way. Um, and that's a big liability for
foundaries. Um that's one of the reasons
many many people still today uh despite
all the safety equipment uh they don't
want to touch magnesium in a foundry.
&gt;&gt; Mhm.
&gt;&gt; Um but there are some processes there
are some processes like tixomolding uh
which can increase the safety of
magnesium because you never fully mold
fully melt the uh the material. It's in
a semi-olid state and it's isolated from
uh the oxygen in the environment.
&gt;&gt; Okay. All of that sounds good. On the
castings, when I saw the first uh loose
uh Tesla aluminum casting outside of a
vehicle, I was at Monroe and Associates.
They had the torn down vehicle. We could
I could uh ask questions and poke and
play with it.
&gt;&gt; Uh the thing that struck me was how
robust it was. It felt to me overly and
overly strong, overengineered. and Cory
Stuben who was uh still with Monroe at
the time suggested that in future
iterations we may see the weight of this
casting come down. Are companies in
China already getting lighter and
lighter with the same casting in the
same vehicle uh because it is strong
enough?
&gt;&gt; Yes, they are getting lighter but not
with the same casting. In order to uh
reduce a lot of weight from the casting,
you need to remove all the flat areas.
uh because they're basically uh useless
uh to the structural integrity of the
casting. And you want these areas
ideally to be as thin as possible
because they they basically they are
just a ceiling of some of some sort. Uh
they don't have uh structural value. Um
but you can't make them too thin or the
material inside the dye will not flow
correctly and will freeze uh too soon.
So what in China you what you're seeing
in China is the elimination of these
large parts and basically just a
skeleton structure I call it um where
you have the main structural path of the
casting and this is what we are seeing
with the latest uh iteration from Tesla
uh on the rear casting of the cyber cab.
The reason with the Cyber Cap is not
that you want it light uh is that you
want it simple and you want to reduce
more steps and Tesla is able to do that
because the Cyber Cup is a special
design. It's not a vehicle for consumers
mainly. So you are basically trying to
make it as simple as possible and
integrating all the other features
missing uh with other components but you
can do that only with the cyber cap
because it's a is a special vehicles.
you you it's not the same as uh the
Model Y. Uh it it wouldn't be possible
to do the same with the Model Y.
&gt;&gt; Now, a question I had asked you I don't
know maybe six months ago uh was uh how
many models does a company need to make
to justify using a casting over
stamping? And your answer was it's a lot
less than you probably think. Uh what
what is the kind of break even point on
that? Yes, the the answer is that there
is no real value.
Uh you can make
I've heard estimates talking about maybe
50,000 castings per year, but the
reality is uh less than that and it's
probably around 10,000. And the reason
is if you're investing, if you're a
company like Tesla or uh Rivian, you
have very few models. So you want to use
your casting for as many vehicles as
possible. Um
so this is why the break even is around
probably 80,000 100,000 castings per
year. But a company like Neo uh or
Shopen or the Chinese uh they have many
models and what they do usually is
dividing the costs of uh the dice and
the machines for different models. in
some cases even using the same casting
for the for a for more than one vehicle.
Uh and that's possible with giga
casting. Um and it's also more
convenient uh for when you do the
tooling change in the body and white
shop when you switch from one model to
another. Uh it's easier to just swap the
dies on the machine uh than to change
tools for 300 plus robots.
&gt;&gt; Oh, that's
&gt;&gt; not not to talk about the space that it
saves.
&gt;&gt; Right. So, what I hear you saying is
that even if you you've already bought
the machine, so don't count the whole
cost because you're going to use it on
five different molds. Um, and what I
hear you saying,
&gt;&gt; in some cases, we're seeing even eight
or nine.
&gt;&gt; Okay? And that because you bought that
machine, you're going to be saving money
on the rest of the production because
you don't need those 100 robots for each
one. And when you switch between models
on the same line, it's a much quicker
process. It's a it's cheaper every time
you do that little change over. Uh so I
guess that makes sense.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, absolutely. U swapping dies um for
such a large machines probably take one
day in some cases. Uh depends on you
know how how well engineered are the
dies and all the components of the die
casting island. But when you have a huge
factory with a thousand plus robots and
you need to change 300 of them just for
the rear under body. Uh I'm not talking
about changing the robots. I'm talking
about changing the tools and the
programming and everything else. It's
extremely intensive in time and uh you
know you can you cannot build a one
different body shop for 10 different
models when you use the same factory.
&gt;&gt; Right. And the last thing I wanted to
ask, and uh as a reminder, we will be
having a part two on this coming up in a
few days, maybe even tomorrow, uh about
the future of all these uh castings and
whatnot. But my last question is there's
a scrap metal bin in Giga Giga Texas
where they throw in broken wheels and
all kinds of random other aluminum. And
I keep seeing people saying, "Oh,
they'll just melt them down and throw
them back in the giga casting machine."
And I say, "But isn't the alloy
extremely specific? You can't just throw
in loose wheels, can you?
&gt;&gt; Well, your assumption is extremely
correct uh in the sense that the first
Tesla alloy uh was designed to be very
very specific for large structural
casting with no heat treatment. Over the
time, uh Tesla iterated many many times.
Um, and now they have designed an alloy
which is
basically
uh designed to take in more impurities
uh than their first alloy. And by the
way, it's not just about melting the the
wheels and the scrap from the stamping
shop. Um, there is also some alloying
which is being made in house.
The huge um melting furnaces that they
built are actually extremely complex. Um
there is the melting phase. Then there
are some um alloying materials that are
being uh made. Yes, the alloy is
designed to work uh with um a high
percentage of impurities um and taking
into account high iron content uh which
you usually get from um from aluminum
wheels on vehicles which is the kind of
recycling that we see happening. And
also it's not just about melting all the
scrap and
rethrowing it into the giga casting
machines, but uh there is also alloying
which is happening on site. Um they're
actually adding uh a lot of different
materials. Um and they keep testing the
material to get uh the correct um
formulation.
&gt;&gt; So they can chip chip all that up, melt
it down and get some reuse out of it.
Yes, absolutely. And uh it's actually
actually uh they can they don't need to
chip out all the material. They just
throw it in. Uh they have huge doors for
that.
&gt;&gt; Okay. So that's exciting. I guess that's
great news. Uh so guys, uh come back for
part two probably tomorrow if not in the
next day or two. We're going to talk
about the future. What uh what's coming
next? alloying, maybe uh come putting
two materials into uh adjacent or uh the
same casting. Who knows? We're going to
find all that out. Uh like, subscribe,
do what you do. And uh you can follow
Luca Greco on Hex. His handle is right
there by his name. And we've shown his
uh page up on the screen. Uh fascinating
information. He has a Patreon where you
get a newsletter that comes out with all
of the big news. You should follow it.
Uh these small channels need the
support. This is not something everyone
cares about, so those of us who do need
to be extra supportive. Uh, everybody
else, stay tuned, stay juicy, and I
cannot wait to hear from you clever
robots when we come back for part