Channel:     futureaza
Title:       SpaceX Is Quietly Building Its Biggest Factory Yet
URL:         https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ovLK1skqyOg
Published:   2026-08-23 18:00 UTC
Fetched:     2026-08-23 19:00 UTC

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

They're using the V3 version of the
Starlink as the basis or the chassis for
their Star Mine satellites, but it's
more than just making the satellites.
They have a form factor that
is is a flat package, so it's like a
pancake kind of way that they're
building the satellites, and that works
really well with the Starship because it
has this has dispenser that has like a
bunch of racks that kind of uh sends out
two of the
the satellites and then it comes down
and then it can do more. So, it's like
an elevator, if you will, for the
Starlinks, and they fit through this
really small door, the payload door, and
then they can be pretty efficient with
how they package them.
&gt;&gt; There was a whole lot going on in Texas.
Well, I mean, that's generally true, but
specifically true with companies helmed
by Elon Musk. We've got the Boring
Company out there digging a hole or two,
and SpaceX manufacturing small
electronics and large ones as well in
volumes not typically seen in the US.
Why are they doing [music] it, and can
they do it? Do they even have enough
room? It's getting a little silly. We're
going to have a chat about that, and if
we're going to talk about things being
built in Texas, we need to chat with our
eye in the sky, Joe Tegtmeyer, who is
presently reporting to us from the
future, as it can be seen from his
penthouse apartment overlooking Terafab.
I'm pretty sure I got that right, and
I'm not mixing up my timelines. So,
we're going to talk about all things
Bastrop, Texas. I'm Brian, and welcome
to Futurosa.
&gt;&gt; [music]
[singing]
&gt;&gt; So, Joe has a channel. You guys know
that.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, it's amazing. There's so many
things going on, it's hard to choose
what to cover these days, and it's
giving me a lot of different things to
talk about, which is actually kind of
nice.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, I think if you were just flying
drones, not analyzing, just flying it,
shooting it, and putting it up, you'd
have probably gotten bored by now.
So, I appreciate the fact that you
actually go in depth, you actually
analyze, and I appreciate the fact that
there's other stuff for you to cover.
Joe's down at just about every launch uh
for Starship. He's been out to the
lithium plant for grand opening, but
also just when he's passing through. He
said, "Well, I got my drone. I'm on my
way to Starbase. Might as well see how
things are looking."
And that's really helpful for
investors, but just for fans, just for
viewers.
Uh so, all of that is great. Now, as you
know, on our previous video, I showed
you a very silly picture for subscribe.
I went ahead and made it 1° sillier by
claymationing us.
&gt;&gt; Oh, wow.
&gt;&gt; can you can subscribe to both of our
channels. Uh we uh
would appreciate that. I'm uh presently
in Nepal, so this was shot before that,
and we uh and I appreciate all you guys
whose help made it possible to get there
in the first place. And I'll be going to
Ethiopia in December to cover their
electrification story, which is pretty
wild. So, that's going to be, you know,
a lot of fun. Okay, well, uh
we should talk about this. What is this
place? Who knows, right?
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; Tough to say. Tough to say. So, one of
the first considerations on the Bastrop
stuff is that you can't uh
you can't fly. They've asked they've
asked you not to fly. You have honored
that request.
&gt;&gt; Although I am working to get that uh
that ability back. So, there are back
channel discussions underway. Hopefully,
we'll be able to have a at least some
way so I can show you from the air what
it looks like, and uh I think it, as you
mentioned, it's important for everybody
to see what's going on because it uh not
only does it confirm what we're hearing
from Tesla or SpaceX, but it also helps
us uh refute some of the other stories
that are told about, "Oh, nothing is
happening." Well, other than
construction, yeah, you're right. So, so
I think it is important and the interest
is is
is is very, very uh high right now.
&gt;&gt; Well, it's true though, Joe. Other than
all the things that are happening,
nothing's happening.
&gt;&gt; exactly.
&gt;&gt; Uh if you just exclude all those. Now,
if it was just The Boring Company saying
you can't fly, I'd say that's
nonsense. But SpaceX is making a
critical like I mean, there's national
security issues that could come into
play. I get it. That, you know,
frustrates me as a viewer, but not as a
human. I understand. Uh so,
but we do still have some pretty
fantastic insights.
&gt;&gt; And what I will say is if I do fly,
it'll be because it'll be because I have
permission and it's within uh you know,
what they allow me to do. So, I'm not
just going to go out and fly and hope
for the best. So, if I am able to do it,
just know that it's with the permission
of all the parties.
&gt;&gt; Right. And I imagine for maybe not The
Boring Company side, but the SpaceX
side, they may say, "Can we see it real
quick? Make sure there's nothing like
critical security in there?" And if
that's the case,
do what you have to do for safety. So,
this is what we have today. Not today,
this is probably, you know, a year ago.
Uh the last time the flights were out
there.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Well, it's been a while since
we've talked about this. For viewers who
may not know what we're we're looking
at, this is uh near Bastrop, Texas. It's
about 15 mi east of Giga Texas. This is
the original site for The Boring
Company, and you can see that uh in that
yellow highlighted area where it says
The Boring Company. That was really the
the first set of structures that was
here, and there was nothing else. This
was pretty much just this farmland, uh
sleepy part of Bastrop, not much there.
Then uh along the way, uh SpaceX built
half of what you see there, which was
the uh Starlink factory. They were
building the minis, most of the the the
terrestrial parts of the Starlink system
that you as a customer could purchase.
And then they also built in the Boring
Bodega, which is part of Hyperloop
Plaza, where it's a open to the public,
it's community, and you can go there if
you want to, even to this day, and buy
some merch, get some lunch, and talk to
people that work around there. You know,
it's it's very uh unique.
&gt;&gt; When I went out for the shareholder
meeting last year, uh the people who
didn't get tickets but still wanted to
be around uh had a little get-together
at the Boring Bodega. When the
shareholder meeting ended, we went out
and joined them.
Uh it was a whole lot of fun.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. And now what we're going to see
here is if we do that in the future,
it's going to be uh a real treat for
anybody to come out here because there
is so much of the future that's being
built here.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. In the Boring Bodega, there's a a
hair a barber, there's a bar, there's a
convenience store, there's uh some light
entertainment, like a ping-pong table
and whatnot. There's a not a
flamethrower on display and a little
bottle of burnt hair. Should you wish to
have the experience without spending
$500, believe me, it's enough. It's
enough. On this, the uh southern I guess
the southwest part of the building here
is the slightly discolored one, that's
the older part. If you came out here
last year, year or two ago, this is what
you would see. The Boring Company, not
much to see along the edge of the
property. They've got a ring to show you
the diameter of the tunnel.
Uh very
exciting stuff. And what they're
proposing is going to look more like
this.
&gt;&gt; Yes, it's uh substantial
increase. And you know, if you looked at
that original picture, you saw the Star
Factory, you're like, "Oh, that's pretty
big." It's almost buried in all of this
construction that's being done.
And there you go. So, you know, what we
thought was a big facility now is about
just grow enormously. And as you can see
by the numbers there, the total amount
of uh
building potential that they can use for
production is larger combined than Giga
Texas. So this is not small. This is a
massive construction project and all of
this fits well into the SpaceX mission
moving forward. It connects directly to
Starship and the why that is so
important and it also has some
connections to
Tesla. So this is another place to be
watching as this future develops.
&gt;&gt; And worth noting this is only you know,
depending on the time of day 15 to 30
minutes from Giga Texas, would you say?
&gt;&gt; Probably more like 15 ish or so unless
you get some traffic. It's it's not very
far at all.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, it's I wouldn't say down the road
but it's real close. And
in terms of these now I do have a
question for you here. We see solar
ingots and wafers, solar cells, but what
we saw just this week Tesla files plans
for it somewhere else. Right.
Do we know anything
about that?
&gt;&gt; Yeah, these are two completely different
projects. The one that's being built
that you're showing here over by Houston
is essentially building terrestrial
solar panels. So they would be for
residential, maybe for businesses and
the purpose would be to build out a
solar capacity here on Earth. This
facility is to support all of the
Starman satellites,
probably Starlink as well and even the
Starshield satellites that are all going
to be on orbit and they have their own
unique needs. So this facility is not
only built for that but the scale shows
you just what the
I don't know, what they are intending to
do with this satellite constellation. It
is just bonkers. So they're going to
need a lot of that to power everything
and that's
you know, why one of the reasons why
they want to put the AI data centers
into orbit is to use the sun to power
them.
&gt;&gt; Well, I don't want to use up the sun.
&gt;&gt; [laughter]
&gt;&gt; And you'll notice there's no battery
facility out here because the orbit that
the Star Mine satellites are intended to
occupy doesn't have night time.
You don't need much battery if you have
continuous sunlight.
&gt;&gt; That is true. There may be with the uh
they've released some new information
about the Star Mine satellites and their
stats. And in addition to uh at least
initially using the Nvidia newest of the
CPUs or the GPUs, actually both. Uh but
they're also probably going to have at
least a little bit of battery on them so
the mass will go up just a tad, but you
are right. The orbits that they want to
go to is what they call sun-synchronous,
which is essentially a polar orbit which
goes over the north and south poles,
which is a lot different than what we
see with most other satellites. And uh
uh the the sun and having all these
solar panels will provide the bulk of
the power that is needed. And uh
and you're right. Uh we're going to use
up the sun, but you know, whether we use
it or not, it's going to be sending its
energy out anyway, so
&gt;&gt; Well, okay. I guess that's fair. Uh
this is not a Dyson sphere, but it's uh
the closest we we could likely see in
our lifetime.
&gt;&gt; Right.
&gt;&gt; Uh I did have a kind of a fun question
here. So we're looking here, this is
again the one we saw before. This is
more of what we're uh working on.
&gt;&gt; Mhm.
&gt;&gt; And then my question is uh
that's a road that goes to some dude's
house in the back.
&gt;&gt; [laughter]
&gt;&gt; And does he does he just drive through
the factory uh to get groceries?
&gt;&gt; you know, the Boring Company's right
across the street, so they just make a
tunnel for him.
&gt;&gt; [laughter]
&gt;&gt; We call it Bob's tunnel.
&gt;&gt; Right.
&gt;&gt; Uh
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, I mean there may
be
egress issues, but um I'm confident that
that's something they've sorted out.
What is the Applied Engineering Lab?
&gt;&gt; Yeah, that's that I think I it should be
UATX, so I had it wrong. University of
Austin, Texas. It's sort of a I don't
know, a place where you can go, students
can go, and they can
you know, get some hands-on. They can
work with some of the engineers, whether
it's SpaceX or Boring Company. And it's
a great kind of an outreach, and maybe
maybe a way for you to get some
credentials so that you could work for
the company at some point in the future.
So, it's it's pretty neat. That the
facility does exist. I've I've actually
seen it. I don't have any In this
particular set of slides, I didn't have
a picture of it, but I drove right by
it, so it is it is actually right there.
And it's relatively new, which is kind
of cool.
You can also see near there, there's
headquarters for X. That is also there.
Of course, some of this stuff has been
overcome by events as a lot of the
mergers and changes with X and SpaceX
and XAI and
and and all that. So, what it precisely
is being used for right this instant, I
don't know, but
you know, it's I think it helped give X
a address in Texas so they can move
their headquarters here, and it served
that purpose for a while, and now I'm
not sure what purpose it's serving. But
it is definitely being used. And you
know, all of those things and the Boring
Company are getting buried now with
everything else that's being built.
&gt;&gt; I mean,
so they've already widened the road.
&gt;&gt; Yes.
&gt;&gt; Are they going to widen it again?
&gt;&gt; I don't know. I mean, the traffic is
still pretty substantial there. When it
was the original country road,
it was it it was sort of like this,
maybe not quite as prepared as this.
It was almost dangerous because the
traffic was still a lot, and people
would be flying through these really
thin roads. But as we get closer to the
facility, you'll note that it widens
out. So, there's actually I think four
lanes now. You can see that here. And it
helps with a lot of the truck traffic,
the deliveries. Um and of course it's a
major factory, and we can imagine that
over time it's going to even be more of
that road traffic. And
it has
couple of access points. This road here,
it's on the north. It's very close to
the site where they're going to build
the AI satellites themselves.
So, you have a north access, and then
you have one going to the south. So,
it's
I think it's pretty good at least for
right now. We'll see if they have to add
any more infrastructure later on.
&gt;&gt; Mhm. I had only ever approached it from
the south until last year, when I
approached it from the north. And as
we're winding through back roads, I see
this looming building on the horizon.
I'm like, "Wow, wonder what that is."
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; [laughter]
&gt;&gt; Yeah. You can now see it's even more,
and it'll be much closer to the road
once they get the satellite production
facility finished.
&gt;&gt; If you guys have a chance, please do go
out to the Boring Bottega. It's
wonderful. And the prices are, you know,
normal, reasonable.
And people there were have always been
great, at least the ones I've
encountered.
Although, I've heard other people say
that
their experience was different because
they encountered me.
&gt;&gt; Oh, no.
&gt;&gt; you know how I get.
&gt;&gt; [laughter]
&gt;&gt; Now, one thing
&gt;&gt; I was going to say, if you want to go
visit, not only can you do all that
stuff, but other than maybe Starbase, I
know it has launching systems, but this
is about as close to Star to SpaceX
stuff that you can get. I mean, you can
like walk right on the road, and you're
you're looking right at the factories,
and
and it's actually almost a one-of-a-kind
place as well.
&gt;&gt; So, at this building, the the one that's
already built, they're building the
dishes, the modems. Uh this is
manufacturing. This is the kind of stuff
that used to be
exclusively made in Japan or China.
&gt;&gt; Not only that, but I think
this is one of, if not the largest
circuit board manufacturing plant in the
country.
&gt;&gt; Wow.
Amazing. By the way, the
satellite capital of the world is
Redmond, Washington.
&gt;&gt; Mhm.
&gt;&gt; You're like, what? Oh, right. They made
15,000 Starlinks. I get I get it. Uh
Now, on this, I did have one more
question, which is And this is a
logistics and shipping one. Uh that's
the Colorado. They're just going to
float them down to
&gt;&gt; [laughter]
&gt;&gt; from there, I assume.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, I don't think so.
Uh as a reminder, this is not the same
Colorado River that made the Grand
Canyon. This is a little bit different
one. So, uh it's not really navigable.
Um but, uh
you know, every once in a while it
floods.
&gt;&gt; [laughter]
&gt;&gt; Yeah. And it isn't navigable. You'll see
that in some of your old footage we
would see, you know, uh
sometimes we would see the river, and it
looks like the sort of thing you would
stand in and fish.
&gt;&gt; Right.
&gt;&gt; so,
uh okay. So, not floating it down. Uh
anything I'm forgetting to ask about
this location?
&gt;&gt; I don't know. I think the the purpose of
this location has changed a little bit
over the years and what they were going
to actually do with it.
Um and then just recently, within the
last year or two, it's just become
almost the central hub of everything
when it comes to uh the future
satellites and the terrestrial dishes
for Starlink. And of course, with the
move to AI and the orbital data centers,
this new factory is just going to be
enormous to build all of those
satellites. And
uh I mentioned that this is linked
directly to Starship. And the reason why
is that the
the satellites that they are building
here uh are so large and so massive that
they really cannot fit on Falcon 9, so
they must be launched by the Starship.
But uh you know, and that's why the
Starship is so important and why we all
are watching that because if it is
successful, then everything they're
building here will be able to be put
into orbit and then be able to not only
provide the services that we all want,
but also do the revenue that SpaceX
needs. There is another aspect that's
the link to the Starship that I I would
like to kind of highlight and I don't
know if it's gotten a lot of coverage on
this, but it's it's really ingenious and
that is
they're using the V3 version of the
Starlinks as the basis or the chassis
for their Star Mind satellites, but it's
more than just making the satellites.
They have a form factor that uh is is a
flat package, so it's like a pancake
kind of way that they're building the
satellites. And that works really well
with the Starship because it has this
PEZ dispenser that has like a bunch of
racks that uh kind of uh
sends out two of the the the satellites
and then it comes down and then it can
do more. So, it's like an elevator, if
you will, for the Starlinks and they fit
through this really small door, the
payload door, and then they can be
pretty efficient with how they package
them. But, the innovation is that the
terrestrial versions of the Star Mind
that are going to be used in their AI
data centers in the future and the Star
Minds themselves and the Starlinks are
all built on the exact same form factor.
So, the ones that they're going to put
on the terrestrial data centers, they
just slide into racks, they're already
built. And it's the same manufacturing
process, the same format that they can
use for the satellites, but they'll just
put solar panels on and radiators, and
they all use the same dispensing system.
So, you built this ecosystem of
satellites and terrestrial AI data
centers using the same form factor and
that's going to help with your
manufacturing and it's also going to be
helping with the parts and also the
margins that you would have for building
them. So, it's quite ingenious.
&gt;&gt; That's actually
so simple that I can't believe I didn't
realize that before.
Of course, you're going to use, you
know, the as much of the same in common,
but it didn't occur to me that you could
use the whole chassis, the whole
everything. So, yeah, well, we need to
switch to Starship, you know, 61 instead
of 64.
Great, it's already got the correct
dispensers. It's already configured. It
just works. Uh for those uh looking to
go, I am going to be in Texas in
October. I'll be there for the X
Takeover on 10 10.
Uh it's going to be a whole lot of fun.
Uh there will not be very many speakers
this year. Maye Musk is the keynote and
then we've got just a handful of people.
Oh, look at that.
&gt;&gt; I made the cut. I can't believe it.
Yeah, it's it's a very limited
uh list, but uh I do a podcast every
every Friday uh with the organizers of
the event, so that probably helped.
&gt;&gt; Mhm. [laughter]
&gt;&gt; But, I will I will say it's only because
I'm so good at what I do. I'll be
moderating a panel with Alexandra Mertz
and others. I have a lot of experience
moderating panels. I tend to ask fairly
good questions, so that's helpful. There
might be one ticket left for sale. The
event is very limited, but if you don't
get a ticket, come out anyway. Not to
the site, but maybe at the bodega.
There's always all kinds of
get-togethers in the days before and
after. There'll be a caravan down to
Starbase the day after. Uh there's a lot
of fun to be had and Joe and I'll be
hanging out, but I don't think we're
announcing that because uh that's a
not a public event.
So, guys, what did we miss? What did we
misunderstand? Leave it in them comments
below. Everyone else like, subscribe.
Thank you so much to my sponsors and
contributors on Patreon, on X, on
YouTube as channel members for making my
trip to Texas possible, for making my
trip to Nepal possible, and in December
my trip to Ethiopia. It's
invaluable and I appreciate it, but you
can just subscribe if that's too much. I
understand.
Everyone else stay tuned, stay juicy,
and I cannot wait to hear from you
clever robots in October in Austin.