Channel:     futureaza
Title:       Terafab a GO, FSD Update, and a whole lot more - Tesla Beat Podcast
URL:         https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=B88kl7oZh0A
Published:   2026-04-10 14:24 UTC
Fetched:     2026-04-11 08:00 UTC

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

What's up everyone? Welcome to the Tesla
Beat 141. I can't believe uh we're
already getting into almost midappril.
Um quick shout out to Insta3.
We have three of the four of us are
hooked up to the Link 2C Pro. Uh we're
going to get MDR1 pretty soon. It's uh
we got to finish the trifecta, you know
what I mean? So, um, but with that said,
uh, go check out their cameras. We
posted a link in the YouTube
description. Um, but with that said, uh,
let's just let's get started, guys. Uh,
never a dull moment, that's for sure.
Joe, shout out to Joe for this amazing
deck every single week. And Grock
Imagine, man, you should pull up the uh,
the first time you use Grock Imagine and
see, you know, if there's been a lot of
change, right? like uh back to the Will
Smith days of eating spaghetti, right?
&gt;&gt; I have I have all the all the pictures.
It's it's pretty it's pretty crazy the
advancements that it made. The cool
thing is watching this in video, the
video is freaking sick.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
All right. So, the stock is down uh to
about uh 348, I believe. Uh I don't know
remember the exact number. I think it
was like 360 last week, but um you know
it went down even further um as the war
continued. There was like a minimal
ceasefire, but it's just kind of been
fluctuating based on how this war has
been going. Not really because of the
market or any other signal. Um it was
impacted a little bit obviously because
of the deliveries too, but um All right,
guys. Well, with that said, um has
anyone tried 143 or has it just been um
Okay, so um all right, so 143 rolled out
and um it's been ju
um it's been really interesting to see
how uh one of the key notes there was
that the AI compiler was completely
uh was completely redone from scratch.
um and that is causing a 20% reaction um
faster reaction which is going to help
for safety. So, um I've done like three
main three big recordings as far I think
I've released. Um yeah, I think I've
released all three videos. I did the
first one actually with Joe um and then
a guy named Jay yesterday and then
yesterday I took it to the highest point
in San Jose and a pretty narrow road. Um
and you know, I've noticed a lot of um a
lot of quicker reactions. Like I
actually took my son before this podcast
to school just seeing how it reacts.
It's a lot quicker. It's not I wouldn't
say it's quicker, but it it's not
necessarily smooth yet, but you are
seeing a lot of those faster reaction
times. Um, which make it um, you know,
it's it's it's great that it can react
that much quicker. Uh, I mean at 20%
especially given how V14 has been has
been great. Um but yeah, I think some of
the other things, you know, are like,
you know, he's uh Elon called out our
rate of advancement with the small model
has been so fast that the large model
has not yet caught up. V15 will be the
large model. So, it's pretty crazy. You
know, looks like, you know, V15 uh will
be a large model and what we're dealing
with now is a small is a small model.
Um, but yeah, it's definitely been um I
I would say it's definitely a lot more
confident. I mean, you could say that
happens a lot, but you know, from um 14
224, I mean, even 223 to all the way to
225, there's been subtle differences,
but 143, you're noticing the reaction
times. I mean, I think several people
were out in Austin, David Moss, and some
of those other guys were running in
front of it. a lot quicker reactions,
but it's also a lot uh more confident.
You see it, it's a lot more assertive,
especially the Sorry. And the other big
thing, too, was parking. It's going to
like the first the first spot. So, it's
not going like, you know, circling five
times like it would at the Apple Losata
store. Um but it's going to, you know,
the first or second spot that it sees
and sometimes pretty tight areas. So,
with that said, um I don't know. Have
you guys um Joe, you were in it. You saw
it. I don't know, uh Brian or Matt if
you saw some videos that
&gt;&gt; I like how you're asking everyone and
you're the only one in here who has
advanced.
&gt;&gt; You've been in it. You've been in it. I
&gt;&gt; I have. I've been in it.
&gt;&gt; Come on, man.
&gt;&gt; So, the reality is as we get closer and
closer to perfection, it takes longer
and longer to actually find the flaws.
David Moss went out and spent 10 hours
on day one doing everything they could
to trip it up. And it got tricky. It got
to the point where they're hiding behind
trash cans and jumping out like raccoons
just to try and see what it'll do. And
it's not behaving badly. It's just
trying to find the subtle differences
that make it a little bit better. Yeah,
we're still waiting for I'm still
waiting for the parking refinements that
will make it, you know, that that will
make me not disengage at my destination
to pick my own spot.
Once I get to that point, once we get
the the ability to drop a pin and say,
"Here's where I actually park. Here's
where I actually want to be." I don't
think I'll have a reason to disengage
anymore. The only reason I'm not at
100%. It's because most of my drives are
very short and I pull out of my driveway
myself and I have to pull back into my
driveway. I did get the minor release,
uh, the minor fixes release, which once
again determined, nah, Brian lives in
the alley. You got to So, I got to redo
retach it where I live. Uh, which is
obnoxious, but I mean, it drives itself,
man. It takes like two minutes to fix
and then I'm back in business. So, it's
crazy. It's crazy to see how close we're
getting. And, uh, to all the whiners out
there, you're going to have to pick
something else to whine about.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. No, it's definitely getting there.
The one thing I noticed, I will say the
navigation, uh Jay mentioned this, he's
in the chat on on uh on YouTube, but the
navigation still could use a little bit
of help. And also, I noticed uh when we
went to park, like it the decision-
making on the parking is fast. Like it
&gt;&gt; it didn't even circle the parking lot.
It just like found a spot and like went
straight to it. And I was like, "Holy
cow." I was like, "Okay, well that's
that." Like as soon as we got to the
destination, it was like, "What's open?
We're taking that one." And it it did it
like two times in a row. We saw it. It
was like, "Dang, it's no joke."
&gt;&gt; I Yeah, I agree on the navigation issue
because we've got uh what was it the
yesterday? I think we were going to
Walmart and 14225
was like, "I'm just going to take you to
the loading dock." Are are you Please
don't I don't wish to go to the loading
dock. I am not freight, but it's an easy
enough mistake to make.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Yeah. I wanted to post uh what you
had. I think it's from Fern's Mora on
your channel, but um yeah, the
navigation has probably been the biggest
regression, you know, which is crazy
because it's been so good for the
longest time, but for me um like I've
actually had it I I put in my neighbor's
address because um it what's happening
is it's going to the back side of the
the street that I'm backed up to and
then it will try to circle to hit that
spot. So, I've literally had to put in
my neighbor's address and so I I'll have
to disengage every single time that I
come to my house because it wants to
park in my neighbor's driveway. Uh, but
with that said, um, you know, I I just
don't think that it's it's the the the
routes are optimal. It should be able to
get at some point to some type of
personalization. The routes that it's
taking typically end up with a lot more
stops or um, you know, just going around
and and not making sense. Um, so that's
just some of the stuff that I've
noticed. And then the one thing I wanted
to mention when Joe and I went to um,
Home Depot, and I haven't been seeing it
at every single location, is the P. So,
it'll typically show you around the
location that it'll park, but whether
I've gone to a church or a elementary
school um, or even, you know, some of
like like a Starbucks, it it it doesn't
show that P pin on every single
location. So, I don't know if there's
just a difference of like maybe it has
more information on some where it's
using that that pin. Um, but at least
for me, I noticed that it only did it in
some locations.
&gt;&gt; That's interesting.
Yeah, I think um this would be a good
one for uh for Hans, but apparently they
rebuilt the entire the entire thing from
the ground up. They they redid
everything again. So, so the regression
is going to happen and and I think it's
going to be the dot releases up until 15
to where we start to really see the
improvement because I think there was a
somebody had a video yesterday where it
went through the train tracks like and
the train just barely missed them and I
think they were on 14 something but I
have to find that video. I don't know if
they were on 14 or 13, but but it
stopped at the train track at the gate
and then it just proceeded through it
and and he showed the video. You can see
he didn't press the accelerator or
anything like that. So that so I mean
there's a reason why it's still
supervised, right? Like I don't know why
he would just why he wouldn't press the
brake. Why would you let it do that? But
here we are.
&gt;&gt; Here we are. But yeah, I I think um you
know there's definitely I I would say
it's definitely you know points of
aggression. I would say though from 142
to 3, the navigation has still been an
ongoing issue. So hopefully, and I don't
think the navigation was necessarily
rebuilt this time. It was the um AI
compiler, whatever exactly that that
means. But um yeah, Matthew, did you
want to say anything?
&gt;&gt; Yeah. No, I I don't have the new version
yet, so I'm looking forward to trying
it. You know, I have two two areas where
FSD, you know, fails um fairly often.
One is a a very large bike lane like
over the width of a car that turns into
a turning lane that it often gets in
early. Uh so I want to test that out
once it it's out. And then I have a
similar driveway issue. I have extremely
steep driveway. And so when I start FSD
from park, it will it will go forward
and like start to take the drive and
then it just like sits there and sits
there and sits there and I have to keep,
you know, tapping the accelerator, you
know, to make it go because it's out by
how steep it is. So, uh, it'll be it'll
be phenomenal if it solves that because
like even now I have Uber drivers and
stuff who can't drive up that driveway.
So, let's see if see if it can do it.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, I've noticed that too on uh
sometimes when I when I park I don't
know if you've noticed too maybe in your
truck or your Model Y where it'll just
sit. It won't actually park until I
either pull out the um my um my seat
belt or whatever it is. But sometimes
I've just noticed it'll just stay there.
So that's always interesting.
&gt;&gt; All right. Well, sorry, Brian. Were you
going to say something?
&gt;&gt; Nope.
&gt;&gt; Okay. All right. Joe, this one's to you,
man.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. I have a quick question. Why is
nothing beating Y? So, this was pretty
cool. This is uh China
is the March numbers are in and it's
pretty crazy. 39,000 units the closest
and the closest is 30,000 units for the
next vehicle. But you have to realize
the price variance between these
vehicles and and uh the Model Y is still
beating them out. It's pretty crazy,
Brian.
&gt;&gt; It it is crazy. Uh part of it is a lot
of those brands will have 10, 20, 30
cars to choose from, but the reality is
you can't compete in China. It's
impossible. an expensive western car
company, a company that only has
effectively two models for sale, you're
gonna it's it's business suicide. You
wouldn't do it. Except here we are year
after year, quarter after quarter. And
if you're just following this company
for the first time, it's easy to fall
into the trap of believing the FUD, the
fear, uncertainty, and doubt that we see
every quarter where people will say,
"Oh, if you look at Korea for the month
of April, sales are down. Oh my gosh,
they're so far down from last month."
April's the first month of the quarter.
Every quarter this happens. You can't
sell them until the boat arrives. the
boat doesn't arrive in the first month
of the quarter to Korea and some other
markets. And uh that's just how shipping
works. I've had people argue with me. Uh
shipping from Germany to France doesn't
use a ship, right? It's still called
shipping whether you put it on a train
or a or or a truck. It's still it still
requires time. It's just how linear time
works. So there will be unevenness. Got
to zoom out. Got to look at the whole
picture. and to the people saying it's
over, it's done. It's not going to
happen again in China. It just keeps
happening. And then you've got the
introduction of the Y, which is already
very popular in China. It's expanded to
nine or 10 markets in addition that we
saw just this week throughout Asia.
Israel was added yesterday. This car is
going to be popular. Uh, so when you say
the Model Y is very popular, I say uh
because of the way it was named, the Y L
counts as a Model Y, that's going to
make it even bigger, just the way Toyota
did with their Corolla, how how four or
five very distinct models are just
called Corolla so that they can have a
sales crown for that for that name. Uh,
it's exciting. It hasn't ended. It's a
good car and people realize it.
Yeah, I mean you're seeing the the Y go
out to a bunch of markets, but you know
it was I believe um when I saw the
results of what Tesla put out in the
quarter, I believe they beat BYD by like
40,000. And of course, no one is saying
that, hey, look who's doing the most uh
EVs in the world anymore, right? Like or
I guess not in the world, but because
that was on the Model Y, but you just
don't hear people talking about that
when Tesla oneups them. But uh and also
too when you notice the incredible price
difference I mean if you see um the the
difference there you're talking 39,000
versus 31,000
um you know so it's just which you know
in yeah I mean that's a material that's
like 25% difference right something
something like that whatever the number
is
&gt;&gt; for Q1 for Q1 Tesla outsold BYD for the
total of models that's quite a feat when
you consider how big BYD is when you
consider Consider how many markets
they're in. They're in way more markets
than Tesla. And when you consider that
uh they've got more factory capacity,
much lower prices, that lead will not
hold. I'm confident BYD will reclaim
that crown, but to surpass them at all
is pretty monumental and speaks volumes
about the demand for it.
&gt;&gt; For sure.
Oh, Matthew, go for it, man. Oh, no.
Keep going.
&gt;&gt; I wonder if AI gets Brian's sarcasm.
It's so slight.
&gt;&gt; It does. It does because I've tested
Grock in the car and I it'll I'll say,
"Oh, how does this?" And they go, "Oh,
should I so should I eat those uh bricks
that they manufacture and it'll pause
and go,
&gt;&gt; no, don't do that." So, yeah, Grock at
least gets gets me, man. It gets me.
&gt;&gt; You know what was interesting? This was
um I noticed too that the Grock history
actually if you go to grock.com the
stuff that you have conversations with
um it was actually like I saw some of
the history in my u in grock.com from
the car. So that was interesting just to
see that overlap and that continuity.
All right, so the semi is semiimportant.
Uh so Ashley Vance actually just
released his video today. So, uh, you'll
have to go check out that video. Uh, in
the video he even said like cuz everyone
was like, "Oh, you know, how's this guy
getting access?" Obviously, we all know
he wrote one of, uh, you know, Elon's
biography, the one before the Walter
Isaacman one. Um, but he got the first
inside tour of the factory that's not
even fully complete yet. Um, so I think
it's what is it, a 10-minute video,
something like that. Whatever it is, but
at least the one on X that I saw, it was
only 10 minutes, but it's on YouTube and
X. So, make sure you go check it out.
Really cool to see behind the scenes. Uh
Dan, who uh leads Semi, uh does, you
know, voiceovers and walkthroughs with
Ashley um as it's happening. Um so,
really cool insights. But, um you know,
with that said, too, Joe and I, uh went
to the Ontario, California, uh Mega
Charger about 3 or 4 weeks ago, and you
know, the the semi is just going to be a
sleeper. I mean, I don't think I've ever
seen a industry just so ripe and ready
to be pruned and reshaped, right? We we
saw 300 trucks just idling, people
hanging out, eating food, sleeping, and
the truck is still going. And there's
just a lot of costs that are not needed
when you have an electric vehicle. Um,
and so as these, you know, um, mega
chargers show up more, it's just going
to become,
uh, more and more of an I, like when
you're doing, um, you know, um, driving
through California, other options aren't
going to make sense. And I believe it
was Dan or who said it was like 50%
cheaper per mile in California. So the
numbers are just going to make, you
know, it's when you think of this, it's
a little bit more upfront, but you're
going to ultimately it's gonna it's
going to pay itself off within those
first couple of years. So yeah, go for
it.
&gt;&gt; Well, last night we had a meeting for
the Oregon Electric Vehicle Association
at Dler Trucks North America
headquarters. We were going to get a
presentation from one of their uh e
Cascadia leads. Uh 48 hours before he
informed us he has a cold. He doesn't
have a voice at the time. no
presentation. So, of course, I did the
presentation. He was there to make sure
I didn't say anything crazy. And at the
end, he was very impressed with what I
was able to pull together about his
product. And one of the things we were
discussing was at what point does it
make sense to go electric? at 400
500,000 which is the industry standard
for a class 8 electric big rig. Uh the
price needs to be about 300,000 or less.
And nobody but Tesla is under 300,000.
Now that all the environmental stuff has
been rolled back, all of the emissions
targets, all of that stuff is just gone.
Um the electric trucking industry is in
real trouble. Now, of course, EC
Cascadia isn't. It's made on the same
line as Cascadia. And while you used to
see them, the electric ones peppered in
the line going down, now you only see
one every couple days because while they
sold a thousand last year, they're on
pace to sell about a hundred this year.
So, I have a tour. I can do a tour of
that factory, but he has to wait until
they've got an electric truck to
actually show me make one. Uh that's how
bad the industry is. So, with these uh
carrots and sticks gone, of which all of
them are, there is precisely one
electric semi that's priced in a way
that would actually make sense to buy.
If you're lucky enough to get a
California rebate on it, they go very
quickly. Those range from 120 to
150,000. At that point, it's cheaper
than a diesel day one. Those will sell
every time all the way through the
bucket of cash. But when that bucket of
cash is gone, it's still a better deal.
You will make that money back within
three, four years and have just a better
product overall. So, it's,
you know, uh it's why I go out to all
these events. It's why I do all this.
It's I'm out there getting the insights,
man.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. And we hear from the drivers, too,
that they have the best time in a the
EVs. But go ahead, Matthew.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, I've got some um insight here. One
of my friends used to be an executive at
that Dameler Freightlininer plant um
outside of Portland. Now he's the CFO of
a competing truck company. And when they
when they give out their bids for
manufacturing new vehicles, the customer
gets to decide the powertrain. And so
it's it's mostly diesel, some hybrid,
and and some electric. and he said, you
know, over the past year with the roll
back of all the incentives, the demand
for um, you know, battery electric
trucks has really fallen off a cliff and
most of their competitors have gone from
around 10% BEV orders down to closer to
half to 1%. Which is a huge drop. He
said his company, they're they're still
in the 5 to 10% range of the orders are
for battery electric vehicles. But he
says his his competitors aren't even
they're they're putting zero additional
investment into electric vehicles
because they they simply can't make them
profitably. So, you know, the the demand
for the semi um at the price point is
going to be uh it's going to be like
battery storage. You know, as many as
Tesla can make, they'll sell. They'll
sell every single one. And I think we'll
see a similar climb in sales, you know,
as they as they figure out how to how to
scale the vehicle. um year-over-year
we're going to see, you know, massive
massive growth in in shipment of that
product. And eventually, you know, we
could see something similar to the robo
taxi where it might not even make sense
for Tesla to sell them up front. Why not
just charge charge per mile or charge
per month and and lease them all out? It
might be much more profitable way of
doing things.
&gt;&gt; And on the Daimler ones, they went from
about 2% to down to a rounding error.
So, it's it's
&gt;&gt; unfortunate. I mean, we're the semi
doesn't just eliminate tailpipe
emissions. It eliminates uh brake dust.
Brake dust is nasty, cancerous stuff.
You don't want that. It eliminates Jake
braking when they're trying to slow down
with the compression brakes. That howl
will haunt your dreams if you've ever
lived close enough to a highway to know
what what it sounds like. Uh they're
better. They're just better in every
way. And now they're less popular
because all the all the it's not just
the rebates that are gone. It's all of
the carrots and sticks. It's all of the
you know the uh ZEV credits, the
emissions targets. They're all just
gone.
&gt;&gt; It's truly unfortunate. I I'll say this
real quick because I've I've always been
mentioning this to people, but like
we're in this era where everybody buys
everything online. this stuff has to be
shipped out across the country and
trucks is how it happens. So, I mean,
this is like like B John was saying and
I mean this is just right for for uh
this takeover that's about to happen and
at that price point it's going to be
inevitable.
&gt;&gt; It's going to be pretty cool to see.
Yeah, clearly the market share is going
to be in favor for Tesla if a lot of
these other companies can't get the cost
down and these other companies where
they're going to have issues is kind of
like what's what Lucid and Rivian are
dealing with as far as on the you know
more on the consumer side is just volume
right is you know keeping making a
profitable um in this case semi and then
being able to scale it when you can't
move enough. Um, Brian, I think you said
so in it takes about three to four years
to get essentially earn your money back.
&gt;&gt; There was a study out of Canada
comparing the eCascadia to the Cascadia
and they found it's 167,000 in savings
over 6 years. And I assume that's
167,000 Canadian, so 140ish,000.
If your truck is 400 to 500,000, it's
never going to make sense. it's going to
take just too many years to make that
money back. U so that's why around
300,000 is where it makes sense because
over five six years you will cut the car
the vehicle price in half and over the
life of the vehicle it's free. Uh so
yeah, 300,000 appears to be about the
sweet spot. And from the people, the
shippers who applied for the rebate in
California, on the rebate form that you
submit that becomes public record, it
shows your purchase price. And it
appears that Tesla Semi is between 240
and 260,000,
which is not just the lowest in the
market, but it's about half the
competitors. And it's also for a longer
range, more capable truck. Uh, a typical
efficiency on a semi is like 1.7 to 1.8
uh miles or kilowatts per mile and
Tesla's at 2.1
real world from actual truckers. So, it
is the the benefits of building from the
ground up are very obvious. And the only
reason people like uh Freightlininer
didn't do it is because if they had
they'd be broke right now. So instead
they've got they're still building
Cascadia on the same line and if you
place an order we can make one.
Yeah, that that's um really helpful
because yeah, I think it's as more of
these companies either stop making them
or investing in them um as I think it it
is just going to be mainly, you know,
where can they put these these mega
chargers um and and where will that make
sense? Obviously, we know that they can
utilize their supercharging network if
there's space for it. Um, but you know,
this one that we saw and this one was
the first one, the first public one was
in Ontario at the TA center. So, but I
my my thought is at least, you know,
within when you're talking like 500
miles or or 500 miles plus, like I don't
know how many of the routes are like
when they get to a shipping yard, you
know, how like typically what's the
distance from, you know, let's say
getting to like the Oakland airport, how
far do most of the goods go? Because I
think if it's within five 500 miles,
right, I mean, these companies are just
going to flock and and as you said,
Matthew, it's they're going to be able
to ship and sell or sell all all the
ones that they they make because the
cost is just going to make it's going to
be a no-brainer long term.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Also, and remember outside of the
US, many uh countries in Europe and Asia
still have their 2030 or 2035 um BV
mandates for for trucking. So, even if
they sold zero in the US, there there
would still be essentially unlimited
demand.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, definitely.
All right, Joe.
Intel inside. Inside Intel.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Nice. Yeah. So, uh yeah, Elon is
just man, he plays chess like like no
one else, man. Like I don't know. So,
you hear all you hear all the stories
like, "Oh, man. They they can't do this
and they they can't do that, but how are
they going to be able to do this?" You
heard about him walking the line at at
the Samsung plant, but but then to go
ahead and and take Intel. And if anybody
who's been paying attention, Intel is
like this was like a hand up for them.
I'm sure they were like, "Yeah, we'll do
it." So, this is pretty good. Brian and
Matthew, I'm curious to hear what you
guys have to say about this one. Well,
so there are precisely three companies
in the world capable of making chips to
the precision that Tesla would require
today. And Intel is one of them. And as
Joe suggested, when that phone rang, I
guarantee you the CEO and every decision
maker was sitting next to it going, "Oh
god, it finally rang. Oh, we're saved."
And that may be the extent of it because
Intel is the only of the three that it's
actually struggling. So, I've been
saying all along that there's a big
piece of the puzzle missing. If you want
to build chip fabs and you want to do it
for less than a hundred billion dollars,
you need to partner with somebody who
already knows how to do it. Um, building
a chip fab is hard even for companies
that know how to do it. And especially
in the US, TSMC and Samsung have faced
big delays and cost overruns building
their chip fabs because it's hard and
the US doesn't have the infrastructure
to make it happen in the ways that
they're used to in their in their home
countries. So to partner with Intel,
this brings in-house all of their
expertise, but it also brings Tesla's
first principal approach and it's going
to save time and money because if Elon
walks the line and says, "What if we
make it out of brick?" They'll go,
"Okay, so brick is brick is the wrong
material. We can't use." So, okay,
great. We just saved a bunch of time and
money. But if he has, you know, other
ideas, if the engineers have other
ideas, those could actually be pursued.
Intel can help you save a bunch of time
in knowing which path is definitely the
wrong path. Uh if you look at even
Whimo, they are in a dead end right now.
Their code is in a dead end and they're
trying to back up out of it and it's
killing them. So the shorter distance
you can go down a dead end before you
realize you're on the wrong path, the
better. Intel will help with that. So
now what was going to be a hundred
billion dollar 10-year
adventure just became a $30 billion deal
over five years. And so in four to five
years we may see chips already being
produced which is which is the timeline
they would need.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. I mean anything to anything to
reduce the the timeline is extremely
important. you know, four or five years
from now is well within the time frame
that we we could potentially see um
China, you know, making move on Taiwan
or putting a blockade or invading. And
you know, it's it's very possible there
could be a time where it becomes very
very difficult or even impossible to
source chips um from Taiwan. And so
having having the foundry here is it's
not only important for um Tesla, I mean
this could be a national security um uh
back, you know, backup that is vital to
the country. So yeah, it's great great
news.
&gt;&gt; If the world lost access to TSMC chips
entirely, which could happen, we would
feel like we're going into a mini dark
age.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. What is um from your guys'
understanding, what exactly does this
partnership entail? Like where like
because obviously there you know Tesla's
and SpaceX and as you said there's like
three companies that that make chips and
can do it with the precision that Tesla
would be okay with. But obviously
they're going to be sharing their
insights, but where like
do both actually need this partnership
uh more than the other? Because as you
said like Intel's kind of dying, but
what are the ins and outs of this
partnership from your understanding?
&gt;&gt; From my understanding, Tesla and SpaceX
are bringing the money. We're going to
pay you to build the foundry. You are
going to build the foundry and we are
going to give you input on how to do it
because we have some ideas that may
sound weird, but maybe they're good.
We'll find out. And what so they're
going to get paid to build the foundry.
what they'll probably get is then is
prepayment for chips that haven't been
made. Uh so that the first bunch of
chips that come out are all, you know,
free or close to it because we already
paid for it. And then uh from there, uh
less clear. Any thoughts, Matthew?
&gt;&gt; You're on mute. I I yeah I imagine you
know this will be similar partnership
that we saw um with Panasonic you know
back 15 years ago where they they're
bringing the expertise they're um
helping a lot with the design with the
manufacturing with the production and
and Tesla is funding it and over time
both or in this case all all three
companies right are going to mutually
benefit from the partnership and as as
much as um Tesla's invested in their own
battery production and battery designs
you know Panasonic's partnership has
grown virtually every year with Tesla.
So, we could see something very similar
uh with Intel in the long run.
&gt;&gt; And and Rhett pointed out in the chat
that uh Fredo Lake Tesla's already been
a partner with that chipmaker. So,
&gt;&gt; we love chips.
&gt;&gt; Everybody loves chips. the I I think one
of the coolest things especially about
that post Lip Bhutan was saying like
like what uh Brian hinted at was that
SpaceX is going to have variations on
how to do things. We've seen this with
with Tesla and Elon like across many
various different ventures that they go
on. It's like you do it that way but
why? You know what I mean?
and and usually the answer is because
that's the way it was always done and
it's never the right answer when Elon is
concerned. So I think you're going to
see a lot of that. I think there's going
to be a lot of trial and error initially
but like you said we have a good
fiveyear runway to where we can start to
get things underway before anything
really needs to start happening. And and
I mean Elon saw this and planned for it
and so that's I mean again just chess
moves crazy. So,
pretty cool stuff.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, that that makes sense. I think um
Brian, you mentioned it or I think it
was MDR, either one mentioned the
Panasonic because I think you you saw
like I think even at Gigafactory Texas,
sorry, Gigafactory Nevada, um they like
Panasonic actually has a business unit
within the factory itself that is there
like literally sitting right there hand
in hand. So, um I could see how that's
the case. But yeah, anything to
accelerate this u this plan. I mean 10
years, the world's going to change so
much in 10 years, right? And uh so to be
able to accelerate that by five. I mean
that's partially why Elon left
California was to build Giga Texas, he
could do it in two years, but it would
have taken way more than that just to
get permits here in California. So, you
know, this is a huge huge step. um
they're saving a lot of time and again
you know uh to be able to get this stuff
and scale it um and as you know there's
always this conflict that's happening
with China and what they might do with
TSMC
um and potentially taking over Taiwan
and so you know the more that we can
build here locally for the supply chain
here it's going to be uh even that more
important. So I'm happy to see it. I
think it's it's the right move. Um, and
I think both companies um, will will
benefit. And shout out to Ira for being
uh, wearing I think it's like a Grock
shirt or XAI shirt, but just, you know,
making chess moves in behind the scenes,
too. So, um, super cool of him. He's
just like, you know, in the photo and
who knows what role he played.
Obviously, he played some major role in
this to be sitting at the table, but um,
super cool to see him there.
All right. So, uh, Cyber Cabs, you know,
uh, tons are being made, right? I think
Joe saw something like 60 into I saw
about 60 of them in two groups, um, in
the outbound lot today. So, um, a lot of
them are being produced now. They're
doing a lot of crash tests, I know, and,
uh, they're shipping them across the
United States to do different type of
testing in different environments. Um
when I was at the Fremont factory the
other day, they were taking a lot of
them in and out of um these cont these
um not shipping containers, but just
like trailers that they were just uh
pulling them into after doing testing.
So, you know, at the Fremont factory,
they have obviously all the the the the
bumps that you can just speed onto and
then they can do the track, which
includes the launches. But with that
said, um you know, these are it's kind
of like when the Model Y and even 3 were
ramping, you're starting to see them
more in the parking lot. Um and you
know, I'm you know, hoping I like I
can't wait to see them um be released in
probably Austin first. Um you know,
maybe unsupervised there. So, should be
exciting. Um but yeah, did you guys have
any thoughts?
&gt;&gt; Probably nothing, as Joe likes to say.
Uh this is real. This is happening. Uh
it I still have a lot of people uh
flooding my comments, trolls of course,
saying it's not it'll never happen. It
might be 5 years. It might be 10 years.
I go, you don't make hundreds of cars
for something that might happen. You
make it when you can see on the road map
that it is real and it is happening. and
you certainly wouldn't be sending them
all over the country to get ready to to
pounce when the when the day comes. The
fact that uh in Austin when there is a
supervisor, which is no longer
universal, that supervisor isn't at the
controls, that means that the cyber cab
could already be out there. They're just
waiting for something on their end,
something they can see that we can't.
So, it's happening. uh you know and I
just tell them h get ready to be
surprised I guess. Um but whatever you
do uh don't be in charge of your own
money. Consider an ETF if you can't see
the future.
&gt;&gt; Oh man. Yeah. It's um like I said, this
is this is not vaporware. you know,
Tesla would not be
shutting down the SNX factory uh if it
wasn't for um the robots. They wouldn't
be creating a whole production line and
a whole new method to build cars like
the unbox method um if they were not
serious about this. And I was again at
the Fremont factory probably last week
and I'll be there somewhat more
regularly just because I'll be doing a
lot more uh some drone flyovers and
stuff. Um, but they are I mean it's it's
happening, right? Like I you know I it's
not like I saw anything that wasn't but
it's just the they are making the moves,
right? They've already made these
announcements and you see it it's
happening and Elon has already said that
um that custom orders for the SNX are
done, right? And we know that it's
literally all demos and I think it was
Sawyer who reported this last week and
several others where the SNX prices went
up by like 15,000 or something like
that. So the ones that are there are,
you know, up for grabs, but then that's
it, right? I mean, all the custom orders
are still being built, whatever they
have in queue, but, you know, the rest
are probably demo vehicles. So, uh, when
I was there last week, I probably saw
what, 10 to 15 SNX rolling off the line,
uh, as far as like, you know, coming out
of the production line and and hitting
the track and stuff, um, and rolling to
the shipping yard. But, um, still cool
nonetheless. Um, but it's it really is
an end of an era. And this is what it
is. It's, you know, the the the future
is autonomous, right? Um and so this is
the big bet. And um you know, it'll be
great to see them ramp this.
All right, Joe. Israel.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, it's getting real for Israel. The
the new the new Model Y hits Israel.
First delivery start in June.
So,
I I know that everybody really wants a
cyber SUV, but the YL seems to be taking
over everything that Tesla's doing. And
if anybody hasn't seen it, it's really
it's bigger. It's bigger than the Y and
it's it's spacious in inside. So, this
is going to be very interesting to see
what happens. I would like for like the
like the cybert truck initially how you
just have some North America, you know,
only thing, the cyber SUV, but I think
the Y is just going to come here
anyways.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Well, I mean, we're we're also
hearing the the Y line is is likely down
for two weeks in in Giga, Texas. So, I I
don't think we've had any confirmation
of what they're actually changing there,
but who knows? They could be they could
be modifying it to start producing the
the long the long Model Y's which will
be a absolutely huge seller here.
&gt;&gt; They they would absolutely be a huge
seller. I had a chance to check out the
Y L in China. And while that third row
is still kind of tight for adults, it is
actually usable as opposed to the third
row in the Model Y which is uh overly
tight for anyone with legs or uh facial
hair. So, it's uh you know tricky. I'd
love to see a cyber SUV. We haven't seen
anything that would confirm that that's
happening. Uh but we would but we have
we know the engineering is done on the Y
L. And to the people saying it's still
not big enough, uh I would introduce you
to the group of people saying it's
already too big and let you guys figure
out where you're at.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, that's Yeah, it's crazy. But yeah,
who knows what's going to happen, right?
Um I know um yeah a lot a lot of
exciting times and if they do decide to
shut down things down it makes sense
that they would be doing it now
potentially but especially with the S
and X completely um ending and I would
assume they're going to obviously before
they even announce the Y L they're going
to make sure all the inventory for the X
is gone right they're not going to do it
because then they're going to be sitting
on you know inventory that's you know
may not move it'll still move but just
not uh maybe as quickly as they thought.
But yeah, more news on that as it comes.
All right. Yeah. So, we already we
already talked about this. Uh Tesla I I
I guess I knew these slides before they
came to be. Now I'm sure
&gt;&gt; Look at those prices, though.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, exactly. I mean,
&gt;&gt; but these are all lux package. That's
what it has to be. Yeah. Yeah,
&gt;&gt; people have to realize that
&gt;&gt; they're not just increased for the sake
of increasing, but they all they add the
lux package to all these to help them
move the units.
&gt;&gt; I mean, I don't hate them for doing
this. I mean, this is more of like if
you've waited till this point to go buy
one, um, and you didn't move on it.
It's, you know, like I said, I, you
know, had a buddy who hit me up, oh,
hey, you think the the Cybertruck's
going to go down in price? Never. Like,
it it literally uh it's not going to go
back down to the 59,000 again for a
while, right? They did that. They moved
it up 10,000. So, it's the same thing
here. Like, you know, you're kind of
coming late to the party. But, um, yeah,
we'll see. Uh, one thing that was
interesting, my for, you know, typically
I get 143 to both of my te my X and my
Cybertruck at the same time. I didn't
get it for the X. And so, I would not be
surprised if uh, you know, we kind of
start to see the updates on the SNX to
taper. Again, you know, Tesla solves for
the 90%. And I'm glad they've done a lot
of work on the Cybert truck, but um
given the the end of life of this, it it
could potentially happen.
&gt;&gt; And I also don't blame them for
increasing the price. It just makes
sense to me. Well, then if they if that
makes sense, then they should raise the
price on on the Model Y. No. No. Because
they're trying to move as many Model Y's
as possible. They only have a handful of
SNX left. They're in no rush to get them
out of the showroom. It is not the end
of the model year. If for some reason
they were still there when the 27s start
rolling out, then drop the Lux package
off and just move them. Uh but these are
going to be gone in days, if not weeks.
Might as well get a few extra bucks out
of it.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, there's there's going to be
replacements for these vehicles, but
they're the replacements will be very
diff different, right? Like the the
there'll never be another Model S. You
know, no one buys big sedans anymore.
So, the Roadster's the replacement for
that. It's going to cost two, three
times as much. You know, the the Model X
will be replaced with maybe a cyber SUV
or Model Y lll or, you know, something
something really big. You know, you're
not going to see a car with Falcon wing
doors again. I think that was a decision
that Tesla wished they they never made.
you're not going to see that giant
massive piece of glass go from the
windscreen to the sunroof and um just be
extraordinarily large and expensive to
replace. Um so this is really your last
chance to get a a vehicle just like
this. You know, personally, I I wouldn't
buy one now. I'd rather wait 6 months
and and get the next SUV. Um but for
those who those people who really love
this form factor, this is your last
chance. So it makes sense that the price
is going up based on the the demand. And
I could see them making a slightly more,
you know, like a luxury premium uh Model
3, a performance luxury model. Just make
it a little closer to the BMW M3
appointments on the inside. That'd be a
very easy shift to make. The Y L kind of
scratches the Model X itch. Not quite,
but it is much cheaper. And it Yeah, the
the next thing will be different. It
doesn't have to be the same. Um, if you
want a showpiece in your showroom to
draw people in, you've got the Cyber
Truck and the Cyber Cab today. Those are
very exciting and flashy products. Uh,
there are still people impressed by the
Falcon Wing doors, but I'd argue it's
fewer than the Cyber Cab or Cyber Truck.
Yeah, I think Matthew's right on all
points there.
Yeah. And you see it too as these, you
know, as vehicles um become, you know,
more like as there's less inventory for
certain things, you know, you see
dealerships mark things up. I mean, for
the longest time, if you remember those
Hummer EVs, I mean, some of the the
Chevy uh EV, Silverado EVs were marked
up almost what 30 40%.
Um, so, you know, Tesla's obviously not
running a dealership model. The great
thing is, well, the price you see is the
price you get now. So you see that it's
increased, you know, that's the price
you're going to pay. Um versus, you
know, going to there and finding out,
oh, gotcha, it's all of these additional
things. But anytime that there's an end
of life of something or less stock,
especially as you see it towards the
end, you'll either see depending on if
it's moving fast, they'll increase the
price or if it's not moving, they'll
they'll fire them. So based on what
Tesla has been seeing, clearly they've
gotten the signal to increase the price.
All right. Yeah, we already talked about
this one, so we'll probably skip it. Uh,
make sure you check that out. Um, and
uh, but yeah, let's, you know, uh, Tesla
is getting closer and closer to 10
billion miles of training. Uh, Elon
said, uh, roughly 10 billion miles of
training data is needed to achieve
unsupervised self-driving. Uh, reality
has a long tale of complexity
complexity. Um and then you know Sawyer
posted that you know we're close to 9.2
billion. So uh really really exciting.
Um this is only increasing every single
day. Um and I don't know based on the
current rate um you know when we will
pass 10 billion but I know it's not
going to be very far off. It looks like
a thousand miles per every 4 seconds. So
you would have to do the math. I'm not
going to do it here. But um you know you
can know that 10 billion's coming soon.
And we'll see. Like I said, it's we know
that they have solved um unsupervised
with the unsupervised robo taxes in
Austin. So, they have the software that
can roll be rolled out to the private
fleet, but it's just a matter of them uh
you know, regulations and getting to
that point where they can.
&gt;&gt; If you notice real quick on that last
slide, Elon said roughly 10 billion. Uh
so, I can predict the future. Here we
go. When it hits 10 billion, if it's
still supervised, the fudsters will say
Elon promised at 10 billion it would be
solved. No, he didn't. He said roughly.
Roughly, guys. So, just giving you a
heads up in advance.
&gt;&gt; Sounds good. Sounds good.
&gt;&gt; Predicting the future.
&gt;&gt; All right, Joe. BMW to you.
&gt;&gt; BMW, they're trying so hard to stay in
the no. Uh they had a really really good
insight here. If anybody wasn't aware of
just well if you've been under a rock is
what they wanted you to know. BMW says
cars are now defined by software not
engines.
And the light bulb moment for those
guys, huh? It's pretty awesome. Good for
them.
&gt;&gt; Good for them. But yeah, no I mean I
guess better late than never. Um is you
know
&gt;&gt; is it? But yeah, like I I think here in
this case, right, it they may say this,
it really more of how does this actually
show up in their production, right?
Because if they're, you know, still
getting 50 different companies to make
every single part, it's not going to
matter that software uh defines the car
now, right? Because you have to have all
I mean um Jim Farley described this. How
do you get all of these coding
languages, you know, if everyone's
writing in their own type of coding
language to communicate, right? you have
to either set that standard from the
gate of like this is what we want versus
shipping everything to an auto bidder
and it gets s the part gets um gets
taken by the the lowest bidder, right?
So um yeah, I guess better late than
never. So all right, so Shanghai is
grayed out. They are they got rid of
their I believe it was the interior
white. Um, and it's it's really cool
actually to see these like these
microclimates now where you see stuff
that's happening in China is not
happening here. Sometimes you actually
see the opposite where it's like or
where you see it's like stuff that
happens here happens there versus, you
know, Berlin, we got we finally got
their cool colors that they had in the
paint shop for the longest time. I would
love to see a gray as well. I would love
to have that option, but I know with
with the way Tesla is, it's probably
going to be they're only going to go
with probably like black and something
else, right? But the Zen Gray does look
really nice. Um, and partially because
it's diff just different, right? So,
it's, you know, we're all used to uh
that white interior, but I like the
darker look. It just helps it with when
I think of kids, right? Just to be able
to cover up some of those marks uh
versus that really bright white.
&gt;&gt; I'm old enough to remember, I'm sure
Matthew is, too, when the Model S had a
gray interior.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, that was a great a great combo.
Back in the day.
&gt;&gt; Back in the day. All right, Joe. Japan.
&gt;&gt; Japan seems to to be very afraid of
China. So the the Toyota CEO on Chinese
competition, he said, "Unless things
change, we will not survive. I want
everyone to acknowledge this sense of
crisis." So
yeah.
Yeah. I mean, we could have told you
guys that 15 years ago.
not that long ago
&gt;&gt; and we did uh the other the other thing
that's going on is uh Japan is now
putting on
&gt;&gt; uh incentives for locally produced and
locally part sourced vehicles. Uh that
has made BYD more expensive. They they
have to make they have to write the law
in a way that makes it uh agnostic. But
they're saying we can write incentives
that uh favor domestic production. So
that means that you know the Toyotas get
top uh incentive. Nissan Arya doesn't.
The batteries imported. So it gets a a
second tier incentive. And as of the
last time I saw it, for some reason the
Teslas were still getting the top
incentive. I don't know if that's
changed even though they're made in
China and do not use the Panasonic cells
from Japan or Nevada. So, uh, yeah,
Japan is understanding the threat of EVs
from China as everyone is starting to.
And what a decade of lost opportunity.
You invented the Prius. You were halfway
there, man. And you just sat back and
let all the cababies buy it. Crazy.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; All the cabbies.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. It's going to be one of those
things where I I think even the US
market outside of Tesla being
potentially the only really the OEM that
is going to be able to compete in some
fashion with with China, but it's going
to become one of those things that that
the China vehicles are just going to be
regulated out as they are today, right?
Um, but outside of that, I mean, if you
think of like Ford and some of these
companies who have, you know, um, their
cars and trucks in other parts of the
world at some of these price points,
you're just not going to be able to
compete. Um, you're seeing it happen,
you know, in Canada as well as the BYDs
are hitting that that those markets.
You're seeing it happen in Europe is
that it's been there for a while. So,
um, a lot of these companies are just
cooked and, you know, if they had made
the moves 10, 15 years ago, um, you
know, they would have, at least they
would be now competing versus everyone's
going back to gas and they're still
making cars that are being built by a
100 different companies, right? So, it's
just they're, you know, they're part
they're they're past the point of return
at this point of no return. All right.
Um, new LF uh P supplier fast charging.
Tesla has a new battery supplier uh Sun
Wa for LFP. Um, and it looks like um
Sunuda through its EV battery unit has
become Tesla's fifth global battery
supplier joining existing partners
including uh Panasonic, LG Energy, um,
and BYD. Um, so yeah, good good to see
this happening and who knows. Yeah, go
ahead, Joe.
&gt;&gt; I was going to ask Brian if he knew
anything about uh Samura.
&gt;&gt; Not yet. Nope. This is all new
information to me. I will do my
research.
&gt;&gt; Awesome.
&gt;&gt; Well, you heard that he was going to
start the research on this pod.
&gt;&gt; All right, Joe. Oh, wow. It's already
105 or 8:57. Joe, what's the upbeat,
man?
&gt;&gt; We got to get through this fast. Upbeat
is fastm moving information. Let's get
it. Got three minutes.
&gt;&gt; Sounds good. We're going to put M MDR
under the scope. Netherlands, you're
welcome.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, FSD uh is allegedly going to be
approved, you know, very soon.
&gt;&gt; Allegedly.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, I mean there's there's some post
that it, you know, could happen this
weekend. I I don't know what's approved
by the government on the weekend, but
it's going to happen very soon. And as
we discussed last week, once it's
approved in the Netherlands, every other
EU country will have the option to
accept their approval. So testing and
approval in each individual country
won't be necessary. So if it's approved
in the Netherlands, we could see quite a
few other countries uh approve it very
quickly. Um as as someone used to live
in Europe, I will say things move slower
there. You know, especially when it
comes to safety. Um, you know, it's kind
of the opposite of here where you where
you can try something and if it proves
to be dangerous, we'll make you stop.
There, if you want to try something, you
have to prove it safe first before it's
rolled out. So, um, this has been this
has taken long enough and we can't wait
for it to actually get approved.
&gt;&gt; Very well said, Matthew.
&gt;&gt; And next,
&gt;&gt; you said it nicely is the nice way to
say it. All right. Uh, Brian, XAI
Colorado lawsuit.
&gt;&gt; I don't actually know anything about
this one.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, it's pretty cool. Uh, Alexander
Merch posted this. XAI fights back uh
the lawsuit against Colorado's AI laws
about free speech. It's going to be it
needs to happen. So, I mean, free speech
for AI, you know.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. All right, we'll hit you with this
one then, Brian. Um, the boring
competition. Congratulations to uh what
is it? Digger Redos of Virginia Tech.
&gt;&gt; Digger Reduce.
&gt;&gt; Digger Reduce. There you go.
&gt;&gt; Jeez, man. Uh for winning the 2026 Not a
Boring competition, they mined 129 uh
what is that? Feet or inches?
&gt;&gt; Inches.
&gt;&gt; Inches in a Texas downpour.
So what uh the Boring Company does is
every year they've got every year this
might be the second or third one but
annually they do this contest where they
bring out all kinds of school uh
organizations and I think it's colleges
I think it's high schools I think it's
anyone who wants to put a group together
and if you've got some novel approach
we'd love to see it and why are they
doing this for fun for good publicity or
is it because they want to find the next
generation of people who are thinking
outside the box and if you're dealing
with college students these are people
who are going to be entering the
workforce perhaps in months, if not a
couple years. Uh, let's find people who
are passionate about beating Gary the
snail, if not just Gary Black.
Hopefully he doesn't block you. All
right. Um, let's see. MDR X AI new
president. Uh it looks like M Michael
Nickel uh is going to be running XAI and
I believe he was the VP of Starlink. So
I've been noticing a lot of Yeah, but
MDR any any thoughts?
&gt;&gt; Yeah, so I don't know that much um about
Michael, but I think it's very good to
be um setting up different sets of
leaderships for the various divisions.
you know, if there's a a future X core
or SpaceX core that has SpaceX, XAI,
Tesla, um, and other divisions, you
know, it's really important to to have
multiple leaders. You know, if you look
at Google and Microsoft, they all have
multiple, uh, divisional CEOs. Uh, you
know, we we know Elon at some point is
is no longer going to be one going to
have the capacity or time or desire to
be CEO of all these businesses. you
know, a decade ago, he was trying hard
to recruit Herbert D to be the CEO of of
Tesla and wasn't able to land him. Um,
we know he has extreme confidence in in
Glenn Shotwell. So, I I don't see him,
you know, demoting her from a CEO
position to be like VP of SpaceX. So, I
could see a future merger of Tesla and
SpaceX with um, you know, starting out
at least three cos, you know, XAI,
SpaceX um, and and Tesla Automotive. I
think we'll have one CEO and then I
think Elon will be CEO of the entire
business as well as probably the the CEO
of AI or the CEO of Optimus. Um you know
I said a couple years ago I think
long-term Tom Zoo will be the the CEO of
Tesla Automotive. I think that's uh my
position on that hasn't changed. Um we
also know that with Elon's CEO
compensation package uh part of it is he
has to um tr you know identify and train
and mentor a a potential successor.
Usually in these situations you need to
have three successors because let's say
Glenn u Gwen Shotwell is the is the heir
apparent for the entire company. If she
gets poached away by say Google in 10
years you know what's Tesla going to do?
So Tesla needs, you know, at least two,
ideally three plus candidates to become
the long-term CEO of the business.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, for sure. All right, Joe, we'll
we're going to kill it with this one.
Lawsuit amendment.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. So, uh Elon has suggested that
they amend the lawsuit that uh he
doesn't even want the money. He just
wants it all to go back into
an open open open- source business. So,
he would like to see OpenAI be open
source again. And it seems like he's
making amendments to his lawsuit to make
that happen. It's pretty wild.
&gt;&gt; Elon stepped down from that company
because he didn't he felt that his
presence would force it to become a
for-profit and then all of a sudden
these jack wagons are like, "Yeah, do
it. Leave leave." Okay, for profit, for
profit. And Elon's saying, "Look, uh,
that was never the plan. We knew that
wasn't the plan. Give the money back to
the company." And now all three of us
are out. How about that?
&gt;&gt; Has that ever Has any
nonprofit ever been a for-profit like
this? This has never happened, right?
&gt;&gt; In In Europe, it happens more like, you
know, IKEA or even Rolex, right? They
they have nonprofit ownership. So, um,
we'll see if
We'll see what's allowed to happen here.
The problem is the investments, right?
The people, you know, like
&gt;&gt; that's what we were wondering about
that.
&gt;&gt; You know, they made a
&gt;&gt; they took deductions for those
investments and then those investments
were used for poor profit. That's where
&gt;&gt; Exactly.
&gt;&gt; It's a gray area.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. And it it's it's exact two two
things. One, it's the investment. So,
it's like you're getting a tax write off
as you donate, right? And then number
two is you're making those donations in
the hope are really based on what is the
purpose of that charity or that
nonprofit of like how are they bettering
humanity. Um but I do think that it is
possible to do uh there it's just it can
get really messy. Um, so, uh, but yeah,
with that said, uh, just wrapping up the
day, uh, quickly just check out our
Substack. Uh, make sure you, you know,
get some, you know, updates in your
inbox, um, on a regular basis. Also too,
um, as you know, uh, Insta3 is one of
our sponsors. They also have a drone
company called Anti-Gravity. Um, they're
running a 20% off spring sale, so go and
check that out. I actually almost lost
mine yesterday. So, um yeah, it was
crazy. I was on the It's where I did the
my FSD 143 and the wind was so bad that
it's like I just hit the return. My
goggles went out and it still came back
to me. So, like the signal was gone and
I was just like, "Wow, I actually hear
the drone coming back and I was
recording myself." So, that video will
come out soon. So, I was recording
myself. Um,
&gt;&gt; everything is content.
&gt;&gt; Ex exactly. I was not trying to lose the
drone, but it was Yeah. Um, and then our
off-grid channel. Check that out. And
then obviously, you know, check out our
website for merch and, uh, the latest
events. Uh, but with that said, uh,
please give a follow to our regular
hosts here, uh, to Joe who creates the
deck, to Brian and M, um, MDR for just
all of their amazing work and insights
here week in week out. Um, but we will
catch you guys all on the next one and
thank you again for your time and
hopefully you thought this was helpful
and have a great weekend everyone.