Channel:     brighterwithherbert
Title:       Why Elon Increased His Tesla Voting Power
URL:         https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=p-BPw6RTljY
Published:   2026-06-19 13:33 UTC
Fetched:     2026-06-19 14:00 UTC

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Elon Musk just made a move that suggests
a SpaceX acquisition of Tesla may be
getting closer. By exercising 304
million Tesla stock options, he
increased his voting power to 20%. And
right on Q, Elon began posting major
updates about Tesla full self-driving.
First, he said upcoming FSE releases
will remember your parking preferences,
allowing the car to go to the right spot
at home, work, or school drop off. He
also doubled down on his claim that
critical safety interventions are now
extremely rare. Plus, Elon said the
ability to talk to Grock and to tell the
car what to do is coming in just three
months. We got the bulls here with us
today. We got the rationable, also known
as Mr. Incredible, the executive Jeff
Lutz. We got the botbull, the master
forecaster, the slayer of spreadsheets,
Cernin Basher. And we've got the golden
bull, the founder and CEO and astronaut
in his previous life, Larry Goldberg.
Welcome everyone.
&gt;&gt; Hey.
&gt;&gt; Hey, Herbert.
&gt;&gt; Herbert, what am I going to be in my
next life?
&gt;&gt; No, no, no. you got a long long way to
go. We need you for SpaceX AI. This
you're my go-to expert in those areas.
Uh a big thing happened just now uh
where Elon did exercise is uh stock
options. This is the what was awarded
from the 2018
stock award program. Yeah. Uh stock
award. And uh he did it. Now there's it
was kind of unusual that he did it. 304
million, $118 billion worth. And uh he
did at an average share price of $44.
And he did that so that he can have
voting rights. He now owns 19.9%. That's
called it 20% of Tesla. And he has that.
Now, just to be clear, it's a 5-year
lockup period. These um they don't vest
until January 19th. You can't sell them
until 2033. He did not sell any stock.
he exercised it and he did that so that
he can have voting rights and this is
yet another signal isn't it that he's
doing this because um he wants to set up
for potential uh you know voting if
Tesla decides SpaceX decides to acquire
Tesla Tesla shareholders have to vote
he'd like to have his voting rights that
is seems to be the most logical thing
what do you think CERN is that uh what
you gather here from this move
the company and the product. I don't
look at the quarterly stock movement.
&gt;&gt; A very realistic bull questioning
certain decisions.
&gt;&gt; The rational bull. We enjoy listening to
bears. We're looking for the red flags.
You're supposed to react.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. We only earn 50 cents a share the
other the last quarter. I mean, come on,
guys.
&gt;&gt; Well, I think there was also some timing
around this that my recollection was it
needed to happen by August anyway. So I
think this is in the time frame that
that I recall again maybe you guys can
correct me on that if you have a
different view but um certainly you know
it certainly helps right if there's
going to be a merger for Elon to
consolidate his voting power absolutely
was that the reason for this no I don't
think so but it doesn't hurt if that's
the direction that that they're headed
&gt;&gt; and then what's your time frame uh sern
based on all the breadcrumbs where are
you landing on this on the likelihood of
a merger not that you're for it or
you're against it we really don't know
what the uh exchange ratio is going to
be. I know that people keep mistaking us
to think that we're pushing for it. We
are not pushing it. We're just putting
breadcrumbs together. When do you think
it the announcement might happen?
&gt;&gt; Yeah, that's a good question. I would
say that the stronger that SpaceX stock
is, the easier it becomes to entertain
the idea of a merger, uh particularly
perhaps a merger of equals or or or not.
I mean, who knows? But the stronger
SpaceX's stock is, that certainly gives
some headway uh for SpaceX to make an
offer to buy Tesla, merger of equals,
whatever it is, and for Tesla investors
to get some bump in their stock price.
Now, typically in a merger situation
like that, you would have SpaceX stock
come down and Tesla come up to to meet
kind of in the middle. So, you can
imagine then the higher that SpaceX
stock is, that gives more more headroom
for Tesla to come up and SpaceX to fall
in line. Um, but who knows? Again, this
is highly speculative. I think at this
point I'm in the camp though, I believe
that from an operational perspective, it
makes sense for the two companies to be
together. There's so many joint products
and so on that that they work on
together. Uh, one of the things we're
probably going to talk about is, you
know, we're going to have Grock and the
car. Well, Grock is SpaceX AI and FSD is
Tesla. And yet, we need them to be
working together and it's going to be a
kind of a joint joint product, joint
software. So, it there's so many reasons
for these two companies to be together.
Um, and in terms of the timing, I leave
that up to Elon whenever he thinks that
the timing is right, whenever that can
work. Um, you know, he's he's the one
that's going to have to make the case
for it. He's the one that's going to
have to sell Tesla investors and SpaceX
investors on why a merger and why now
at the time that he decides to do it.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. I think I've read recently that
there's like 50% chance it's going to
happen between July 22nd and you know
late July. Another 30% 40% chance it's
going to be after July and into mid
August and then low 10% that it's going
to be past August. I don't know how
accurate this is. This is Grock. Yeah.
&gt;&gt; So all wrong.
&gt;&gt; All wrong. What do you think Larry?
&gt;&gt; Well um firstly uh Elon exercising his
shares. I just checked with Gemini. I
haven't been able to double check
against Grock and so on, but he didn't
have to exercise these shares by August.
There was no time constraint this year
on them. Um, I I really think that the
that the acquisition,
should it happen, will happen after the
end of the lockup period.
I can't see
I I just can't see
how with such a huge number of shares in
lockup
they could really um put together
a merger. Now it could be that they
announce a merger relatively early and
but pitch a date after
June 30th next year.
But I know I'm locked up through to June
30th next year. I I think all OG
shareholders are locked up until June
30th next year. That's a huge number of
shares that you know it's very important
that they be voted. Um important both
from a point of view of equity but also
from a point of view of you know support
and so on because they they're all the
OG shareholders.
So, um, and and Elon, I imagine, uh, a
fair sign, a a fairly significant number
of his shares are locked up as well. So,
um, I just don't see mechanically how
you can engineer a merger while they're
locked up. Now, they can certainly
announce it earlier and set a calendar
that ends in June next year, but I don't
see any
I don't see any rush to do it because if
they can't vote on it before the end of
June next year,
why muddy the waters? Now, the final
thing I will say is that
price discovery is very important in a
merger of equals. You really want a
situation where the market has set a
value for both companies.
Those both companies have got so many u
major
major milestones between now and next
July that I think it's far better that
we get some of those milestones out of
the way. Um from Tesla's perspective,
let's let's get the robo taxis on the
road. Let's get let's get them scaling.
I think it'll have a huge impact on the
share price. Let's get the first robots
out of the factory or into the factory
as it were um by by June 30th next year.
And I think we we'll have a different
price for Tesla uh in the market and a
and a fairer price. We'll also have full
price discovery because all the lockups
will be behind us. So to me, that's the
only clean way to make a deal. to make a
deal where more than 50% of your
shareholders are in lockup just doesn't
seem to be credible to me. But I could
be wrong.
&gt;&gt; Wow. I love it. Larry, you're one of the
only voices that have said that it's you
think the likelihood is actually that
the announcement might happen sooner,
but the actual Well, I mean, we're all
we are all saying that the actual merger
won't happen, but you're saying that the
announcement of the actual deal terms
won't happen until sometime next year.
&gt;&gt; Yeah,
&gt;&gt; I don't think it's possible. in a merger
of equals both sides have to do a very
serious uh due diligence on the other.
Um and it's true Elon's you know on in
both companies but that doesn't mean
that the board doesn't have to get very
detailed studies from the other side uh
and from their own side and and that the
board has to create relatively
independent group of people to negotiate
this thing. There there's a whole
sequence of events in a merger of
equals. I've been through two of them,
not not in my companies, but in
companies I'm invested in. And uh
it's not a short cycle. It is a fairly
lengthy cycle. Um there's there's a lot
of requirements u to be met and I just
don't think they can be met in under a
year anyway.
&gt;&gt; Interesting. What's your uh take on Go
ahead. Just before we move on, um,
according to Grock, Larry, uh, Elon was
required to exercise his 2018
performance award options before August
15th of 2026.
&gt;&gt; Wow. So, Jim and I was wrong.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. And again, I don't know that Grock
is is accurate, but we've got a
disagreement there between the two AIS.
Anyway, that that's what what I had
heard. The other thing too on the issue
of locked up shares and voting, I don't
think that there's anything that
restricts voting rights on shares that
are locked up. The reason for the lock
up,
&gt;&gt; they do not restrict voting rights. But
the problem is the holders of the shares
don't get the vote.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Yeah.
&gt;&gt; It's a huge It's not acceptable. I don't
want XYZ corporation voting my shares. I
want to vote my shares.
&gt;&gt; Understood. Okay. Just wanted to make
sure we were clear on that point. Yeah.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. But Larry, SpaceX, uh Elon owns
85% of the voting rights anyways. I
don't know.
&gt;&gt; Uh I don't know that the market would be
very comfortable with a merger of equals
where um that that Elon can because I I
look a merger of equals is as much a a
psychological
project as it is a business project as
it is a legal project. And there is a
sequence of events that have to take
place. I just do not think whatever
whenever the announcement is made, I do
not think it can be consumated. I could
be wrong. You know, you may be right.
&gt;&gt; No, no, I mean we all agree as far as
I'm aware that the consummation will be
a year from now, but the actual
announcement with the deal terms could
happen by end of July, early August.
&gt;&gt; Merger of equals does not have deal
terms in it. A merger of equals is an
agreement for both sides to negotiate in
good faith. A merger between the two and
the price is a pass is part of the deep
dig due diligence that has to be done on
both sides and shared with one another
and the price agreed between the two.
Now, it could be an acquisition. And
boy, if it is and SpaceX announced an
acquisition in the midst of, you know,
the lockup, there could be a lot of red
flags flying. So,
&gt;&gt; okay. Uh, yeah. Interesting. Uh, Jeeoff,
where do you land on all this?
&gt;&gt; I mean, I I I don't think it was too
much of a I mean, I don't think it was a
coincidence that Elon sold increasing
he's he owns more Tesla now. He has more
voting rights in Tesla now than he did a
week ago. I don't think that was a
coincidence. It could be, but my guess
is it's not. I think he's going to move
quickly. Uh, and I agree and I
understand a lot of the points that
Larry raised. I think they're good ones.
But I do think he's going to move
quickly. Everybody that's been
interviewed that's a party to this
process has basically supported it and
said that wow there's a lot of synergies
if these companies come together. So
Elon is not someone in in in the past
that has kind of delayed things or move
slowly on things. So I think he's going
to move faster than slower. I know that
there's things that have to occur and I
agree with those things that have to
occur. But like anything that he
approaches, he tends to look at
different ways to get from point A to
point B. Let's see what happens. I, like
anybody, would want to see and
understand what those terms are and what
they mean uh to shareholders before
making any decisions. And I think you're
right to call that out, Herbert, that
we're we're having the conversation.
We're trying to read what's happening
and this is what makes a market. A lot
of us are reading these things
differently uh one way or another. But
typically on on with such rampant
conversation, Elon's been one to just
come out and and cut cut things down
pretty quickly and he hasn't. And
there's a lot some of the earliest and
current things that both of the
companies are working on are
synergistic. And then the furthest thing
out that both companies are working on
which is the terapab and all the solar
ramp up are also synergistic between the
two companies. And finally the thing
that I was
really it really was a huge question in
my mind and it was almost absurd to me
were the the purchases of GPUs uh
between the two entities.
And you you see what's happening now
with the Anthropic deal and the Gem the
Google Gemini deals and there's going to
be more coming with SpaceX and the fact
that you have other companies coming in
and SpaceX improving their utilization
that way. But there's this other company
that also buys GPUs that also probably
could have, you know, be underutilized
between training runs and has a huge
coherent cluster and that's called
Tesla. So, I think that's another huge
gigantic driving force uh to want to do
this sooner than later. So, we'll see
what we'll see what happens ultimately,
but I don't think a lot of these things
are coincidence. I don't think the lack
of first off, I I would expect no
comment uh from Elon during this, but
sometimes he tends to at least swat
things down and he hasn't. So, I think
there's a lot of things out there that
that say that this could move more
quickly than your typical
uh merger of equals of multi- trillion
dollar company. So, we'll see what
happens.
&gt;&gt; Um, I want to clarify with the audience
here because I continue to get people
who misunderstand what my guests are
saying about this merger. Like somebody
will somebody came up to me and or was
posting on X saying that all of my
guests keep pushing the merger with
urgency like somehow that's the message
we've been giving like all of us are
saying to the audience we want the
merger we want it to happen soon that is
not what's been happening what's been
happening is we are putting breadcrumbs
together saying that it could be the
case when you listen to Gwyn Shawwell
the president of SpaceX come up and be
asked the question her answers are very
very uh is not a denial that this is
happening. So the likelihood that it's
going to happen, not that we want it to
happen. Two, they'll say, "Oh, your
guests just say that there is doesn't
matter what the valuation is. We still
want the merger." That is not what
anybody of my guests have ever said.
Everybody said, "We don't know what the
deal terms are." And only when you've
heard the deal terms should we even
decide. We will vote at that point. Um
and then people will say that um you
know why is it you know or or I I guess
this one's related to you CERN where
something about the blockbuster you know
comment that you made. I think they made
a they made a misunderstanding of your
post like saying that you're that you
were claiming that Tesla will face the
fate of Blockbuster without a merger.
That is not what you said. Can you
explain what you actually said?
&gt;&gt; It's funny how nuance isn't easily
understood. um even in a long post on X
where people just read the first few
lines perhaps.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; Um even though you've taken the time to
write a lengthy post uh that's often not
read.
&gt;&gt; Um my point with that whole post was the
shortest way I think to say it is is
that you know if you think about Tesla
investors there were a set of Tesla
investors early on invested in a car
company. Elon was building the Roadster
and then then comes along you know some
other vehicles that people are excited
about. they buy that for the car company
and then along the way the objective
changed
uh towards autonomy
and most of the investors that are vocal
now on X about this are focused on let's
get robo taxi going let's get this bump
in valuation that we all expect from
roboaxi that we've been talking about
for years
&gt;&gt; and then only then can we consider
something else so my point with the
blockbuster analogy was that unless
Unless you're always looking forward to
the next thing, you run the risk of
being in a situation like Blockbuster
versus Netflix.
&gt;&gt; And Elon is certainly not making this
mistake. Elon has always been looking
forward and a lot of people find fault
with him in that because they're like,
why can't you complete what you started
here? Why can't you make 20 million
cars? Well, shifted and now shifted to
autonomy. And now people are saying, why
can't you roll out robo taxi? Why are
you chasing terrafan? Because in order
to not blockbuster yourself in the long
term, you have to keep looking forward.
That was the gist of my post. Not that
Tesla is going to be blockbuster if they
don't merge with
&gt;&gt; SpaceX, you know, now.
&gt;&gt; Mhm.
&gt;&gt; Right. And that again is a summary of
what I was saying in my post, but
hopefully that clears things up a little
bit.
&gt;&gt; Thank you. Yeah. I'm just I'm just so I
just keep getting people telling me this
is what you and your guests are saying.
That is not what we are saying. Okay.
The stock has fallen significant or is
it's just disappointing a lot of people.
Tesla stock it's at 400. It sometimes
falls under 400. What's going on, Jeff?
Why is this stock is it? Is it because
everybody's excited about SpaceX? Um
what's going on with Tesla?
&gt;&gt; Well, there's not one answer like
anything, but you know the S&amp;P is at
7500.
The NASDAQ, you know, is over 26,000.
The markets are near at all-time highs
and and Tesla is not. So there's some
relative weakness occurring in the name
any you know one day people try to tag
one thing or another you know liquidity
moving for SpaceX liquidity moving for
XYZ
uh that we had a new Fed chairman this
week who who came out uh a little bit
more hawkish but I thought actually much
more coherent in long-term thinking
about how to do things fundamentally
differently but anything like that puts
puts uh risk or puts weight downward
pressure on stocks that have long
duration earnings that that CERN has has
kind of walked us through in the past
and and where where Tesla earnings are
coming from. So, it it'll just put
pressure on it, but it has under it has
underperformed. Now, we're in this
interesting window. We're in the last
couple weeks of the quarter. So there's
this tactical piece of it which the
market continues to react to. The the
market continues to react to deliveries.
The market continues to react to
earnings whether we like it or not. Now
the the waiting has certainly shifted to
show me what you've done on robo taxi.
And what I would say what's happening
with Roboaxi is Tesla has underperformed
their tactical promises. But the roll
out this the rollout speed is it really
is no different than any other major
roll out that we've at least seen in the
US. But it looks like the slope of the
curve is going to be much greater just
by looking at the number of cars that
are being prepared. So I've likened this
to getting multiple factories. you know,
when the the next iPhone is ramping,
there are multiple factories around the
world that are being prepared, the
tooling is changed over, the the the
material is being brought into the site
for the, you know, for the iPhone 18.
That is what I I kind of view as
happening with these robo taxi uh
scaleups in these cities. Each of these
cities, you're seeing we're seeing more
vehicles. We're seeing the cars now that
are coming fully kitted. You don't do
that work. You don't, we call it adding
value in manufacturing. You don't add
the value unless you're ready to convert
that value into something that's going
to generate profits. You want to late
stage adding any of that value in case
you have to come in and touch the car
again. So, you don't want to be putting
decals. You don't want to be putting
hubcat. You don't want to be doing any
of these things unless you think you're
you have imminent roll out. This is a
unique situation because we're dealing
with AI models and software and some of
that's going to be less predictable than
than others. But I think people who own
FSD can see the relative improvement and
see where we're getting to. And all I
would say is I'd liken this to the
readiness that factories need to to get
a new product out to market at mass
scale. I see Tesla doing the same thing.
I know it can be frust frustrating if
you're somebody that's watching the
day-to-day movement. Uh but it looks
like these are the steps you have to
take whether it's the requisitions in
the system to hire people and the
preparation of getting product out to
all these cities. This is the unsexy
sausage making work that has to occur to
get the scale. So we'll see how the
market we have a we have deliveries in
about uh I guess just under two weeks
probably. we will see deliveries and I
think there's some there's some pretty
good momentum based on what we see out
of uh Europe what we see out of China
rest of world and the fact that we're
not seeing a lot of promotions and
inventory discounts occurring when we
typically do at this time
&gt;&gt; I mean and definitely definitely no
doubt about it frustrating that the
stock especially when you're looking at
Micron or Nvidia and other stocks that
are skyrocketing and you're going
Tesla's not moved but if you look at
From a product perspective, uh FSD is is
it looks like it's what it fourth month
now since February without any at fault
incidents. You've got FSD being approved
across like you said globally. And then
now we've got two new things that Elon
saying now. It could just be Elon again,
so take that with a grain of salt. But
here's what he just said. Now this Tom
posted saying, "I'm astonished more
people aren't raving about Tesla's full
self-driving. I no longer need to drive
my car. The only time I take control is
to back into my garage because it's down
an awkward ramp. By the way, I've got
the same issue. Um, and it's a 13-day
streak. 96% of the time self-driving and
the other 4% is because he has to, you
know, like the parking situation. So
Elon responded to him and he said,
"Upcoming releases of FSD will remember
your parking preferences so that the car
goes to the right location at your home,
office, school, drop off. destination
parking is by far the biggest reason
people now intervene with FSD. And then
he's saying critical safety
interventions are extremely rare. So
critical safety is no longer the issue.
It's this destination parking. And I've
always said like, you know, of course, I
mean, how many times have I drive my car
out of my garage and out my windy
driveway and out and back? It knows what
I do and where I park. And now it's
coming. And you know, imagine school
drop off, right? Everybody tells you
this is where you go. This is where you
drop people off. And then if your
office, you have your own specific
parking spot. Now we'll remember where
you specifically park and you're allowed
to park. This is perfect. So it's
supposed to come at upcoming release of
FSD. Is this a big deal?
&gt;&gt; It is a big deal. I'll start off really
quick and I would say for shareholders
and people interested in the company in
instead of getting overly emotional and
wound up about a merger that may or may
not happen when you haven't seen the
deal terms, one thing I think you could
put some energy towards and especially
in the questions for the shareholders
meeting is what is the awareness of FSD
and what are you doing to effectively
improve the awareness and sell through
of FSD because this is amazing tech.
Tesla has made amazing technology.
They've engineered amazing technology.
They've done it in a way where it will
scale. They've done it in a way where
they are years ahead of the competition.
And they've done it in a way that
there's going to be more people sitting
around the dinner table uh this year
that are using Tesla products and using
FSD than wouldn't meaning they've
meaningfully improved the safety and
they've made us you know basically
superhuman driving and one of the things
that kills more people than than most
illnesses in the country. So where where
is the James Cameron uh cinematic like
story around FSD telling this measuring
awareness telling the story? Tesla has
self-p profofessed that they have aware
an awareness problem but where is the
effectiveness in improving awareness and
where is the effectiveness of telling
the story around FSD? It seems like it's
time and if there was something to put
energy towards that I think could
meaningfully move the company and it's
not just going to be a couple hundred
robo taxis it's also going to be
meaningful movement in the ownership of
9 or 10 million cars in their adoption
of FSD
&gt;&gt; and but destination parking that's a big
deal
&gt;&gt; well all this is a big deal the car
drives almost perfectly now it is 99.9%
of the way there from the time you leave
where you are and the time you get to
where you are. The issues they're
working on are the convenience issues of
are you parking in the most optimal
spot? Are you parking in the right way?
Are you exiting parking lots in the most
effective manner? Navigation issues. Um
those are the things that they're
working through and that's fine. But the
fact that you've made it available on
every car that can be purchased and the
fact that you've made it a centerpiece
of all your test drives, the last thing
to do is to get more people in to see
your product and get more eyeballs on
it.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, sir.
&gt;&gt; It's interesting to contemplate,
Herbert, what it means when the car has
memory, not just for parking, but maybe
for other things. Um, will it remember,
for example, that, you know, the the
police are sitting at a certain corner,
you know, really cracking down on
speeders? the you know there's all kinds
of things you can think about I guess in
terms of you know what having a memory
in the car is good for um and that's I
think that's a thread perhaps to pull on
because it's not just remembering your
parking spot and that's it clearly now
it's going to have a capability of more
broadly remembering things
&gt;&gt; I think the biggest memory opportunity
um of all is um unique mapping issues
um that that I think that the I mean I
do 100%
uh FSD.
It's true that parking lots,
particularly parking garages,
um are a challenge right now.
Um, and actually I've had a regression
because it used to be able to park in my
garage for me very very elegantly even
if there's an existing if my wife's cars
in the garage and and it really is a
tight squeeze. But since 3.3 I haven't
been able to do that uh since. But
having a memory of key navigation
problems and being able to tell rock,
okay, just remember this one um with a
touch of a button would make a huge
difference
um in terms of the car's you utility and
then over time some of that memory can
be can be brought back into the maps. I
think maps are going to be a key issue
going forward um for the for the robo
taxi fleet and being able to store some
of that stuff would be helpful. Very
good points. Uh sir, uh you said that
the key word here was will remember. I
guess if it can remember your parking
spences, you can probably remember other
things as well. That is very important.
And then critical safety interventions
are extremely rare. This is him doubling
down saying, you know, we we we got that
we got that part. That's the biggest
part. And then the rest is convenience
as as Jeff and and you guys were saying.
So the other uh news was Elon also added
new information about Grock. This person
says Tesla FSD is magic. Need to be able
to converse with Grock like we can with
an Uber driver. Hey Grock, turn right
here. Drop us off right here. We'll walk
due to traffic. Drop at entrance first,
then park far away. By the way, that is
a that's what they call banish.
You just drop somebody at the entrance
of someplace and then it will go find
its own parking spot. Elon replied
saying this functionality will be there
in about 3 months or so. See, he didn't
say two weeks, but
but that is the critical one, right? So,
it's like you not only asking a question
to Grock just like you could with chat
GBT and getting an answer back. This is
controlling the car, controlling the
FSD. This is powerful. This is robo taxi
level. Um, yeah, comments.
&gt;&gt; I thought you want to go just it's
deeper integration with SpaceX.
&gt;&gt; And I think Elon's going to mess with
us, too. I think he's gonna There could
be memories of the internal ca in the
internal camera, too. So, just watch
what you're itching in your car. Um but
anyway, um I'll leave it there. But this
is extremely this is extremely powerful
and the
the the opportunities are are almost
endless. You can sit and brainstorm on
what the opportunities are, but this is
this is going to be front and center.
Gro in the vehicle, the ability to not
only conversate, but now there's some
level of control, which also there's got
to be a lot of testing on this as well.
There's got to there can't be this is
you have you're you're in a two-tonon or
so moving object. So you can't have any
regressions here. It's got to be really
good. So, I I think the three months or
so is probably they've probably been
working on for a long time, by the way.
But this is going to be paramount and
this is going to be front and center
space XAI and Tesla technology working
together. And just think of the
implications with Optimus. Of course,
you're going to need that. You're going
to need memory. So, this is a big deal.
There's it's already like I said, you
can't go to any other car dealership and
and say, "Let me test drive a car. Let
me give it an address and let and have
it let me just let me take take me there
without touching the the steering wheel
or pedals." There is no other vehicle.
There is no other car brand that does
it. And the more of these things that
they add, the the the the larger the
moat gets.
The SpaceX moat I said earlier it may be
bigger than any moat in the history of
companies and it just the the Tesla moat
is starting to increase further and
further and further. The problem is is
the engineering mode is increasing at a
much faster pace than the marketing and
awareness mode.
And that's fine for a period of time,
especially when you have a high bug rate
and you're not where you want to be from
a quality perspective, but it's it's
nearing perfection and you really have
to ramp up the awareness side of this.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Imagine if you were in a uh
accident and there's police there and so
the robo taxi stops or your car stops
and it's driving you through FSD and you
go, "Hey, Grock, uh just keep going.
Drive around. I want to I'm late for my
party." What would it do? would just
follow you, follow your instructions.
&gt;&gt; No, in fact, that's why the you see what
the car does with emergency vehicles.
You're, you know, I this is all the
logic. This is all the error checking.
This is all the regression testing that
has to be done. Uh and and this is the
scenarios get a lot wider when you start
you've now added another input to
controlling the vehicle, right? it it
used to be just the the human and of
course the FSD computer and now you've
got you know you you had human
mechanical control now you've got you
know with via voice so there's a lot of
testing that they have to do on this but
they'll get it right they'll get it
right and they'll and they'll and
there's ways I think that they can do
real time error checking on this but I
they're going to move they're going to
do this the right way like I believe I
mean look how cautious they've been on
the roll out of EPD Yeah,
&gt;&gt; they're missing a really important
opportunity, Herbert. It's too bad that
Ford didn't license FSD.
&gt;&gt; Mhm.
&gt;&gt; Because we all remember the OJ Simpson
chase.
&gt;&gt; There could be a Ford Bronco with FSD.
That was the first autonomous vehicle
police chase where the occupant is
telling FSD to keep going. The police
are behind trying to stop the car. Great
marketing opportunity that's forever
lost.
&gt;&gt; Oh. Um I mean, it's supposed to be as
smart as a let's say a human driver. So,
so it'll hopefully act like one, right?
Like it'll have to use its judgment
based on what you're saying and the
situation just like another human driver
would do. If you tell your taxi driver,
drive around that taxi, screw you. I'm
not going to do that.
&gt;&gt; One one of the interesting things that
come to mind just on this topic of
memory, you know, if you think of FSD
right now, it's it's purely reacting to
what's happening right now every time.
And so that's why in certain situations
it can behave differently because it's
reacting based on the circumstances of
that particular moment. But you can
think of not only will it remember where
you like to park, but it might remember
the routes you'd like to take. So right
now when I get in my car and I put in a
destination, it might show me three
different routes. And even though maybe
one is one that recommends, I pick
another one because I happen to know
that road tends to be less busy and I
don't want to be stuck at any more red
lights than I want to be. whatever the
case may be. It may learn the fact that
I like that route. It may learn about
specific parking lots, not just at home,
but you know, certain shopping centers
where you like to park, right? I'm sure
when people go to Costco or whatever,
they they park in a certain spot because
that's where they like to park if they
if they can't. Um, all those things. And
so, it becomes just much more
personalized. It becomes reflective of
kind of who you are.
&gt;&gt; Mhm.
&gt;&gt; Right. And then of course when my wife
gets in the cybert truck and it's on her
profile, she she has different
preferences and FSD will be able to
react to what she likes. That's we have
to recogn Yeah. But soon we have to
recognize there's a memory limitation
here.
um you know um where you know perhaps
they'll put it onto the stick but um a
lot of this stuff is going to accumulate
memory and
&gt;&gt; there's just a limit that we'll have to
observe. So have to be measured about
how we do it. And our future
uh releases of the car could involve,
you know, dramatically more memory and
perhaps some, you know, some other ways
of storing it. But we have to we have to
be cognizant of the fact that the the
existing cars were not built to
accumulate very large amounts of memory.
&gt;&gt; Maybe this needs to be another task for
the terab is to develop a
&gt;&gt; memory. The truth is that you know the
new the new uh uh chips AI5 and
particularly AI6 will have very large
amounts of memory.
&gt;&gt; Now that's volatile memory not for
persistent you know but but they could
up the memory in the you know in the
stick they could take it to five gig
very easily or 10 gig very easily for
very little money today. So, there are
ways to to go about it. And that is a
very inexpensive upgrade. By the way,
that's an upgrade that I'm sure that the
average driver wouldn't have any
problems in paying for if they can get
the kind of features we're talking
about.
&gt;&gt; That's right,
&gt;&gt; Larry. That's a fantastic point because
I remember just a couple months ago,
maybe longer, people were saying, you
know, you're not going to have Grock
controlling the car until you have AI5.
&gt;&gt; So, this is a big deal. He's saying it
could be done.
&gt;&gt; I think that's true. I don't think Grock
I could be wrong, but I'm almost certain
Grock is not using the AI processor.
I think I may be wrong.
&gt;&gt; Well, the current Grock doesn't because
it goes to the cloud to answer. That's
why there's a delay. But if you're going
to control the car, you can't be going
to the cloud. That's why people are
saying it needs to be the AI chip. But
for Elon to say it's going to come in
three months, that means it's AI4 can
handle this. Well, AI4 is not is not at
its limit. I don't think from a
processing point of view. I think it's
at a limit from a memory point of view
or getting close to it. If not at its
limit, I think it's getting to its
limit. I mean, the problem is that you
know the stack in memory,
the inmemory stack
um is my is my thinking. But, you know,
the memory access to the stick is
relatively slow. So, I mean, it's not
going to be anywhere near real time.
Um,
so Jeff, what's going on with CyberCap?
Dude, look at this. You I showed you
this you on Monday. 102 Cyber Caps
spotted at the Albon lot, Giga Texas.
It's a lot. That's a record number of
cyber caps just sitting there. We don't
know. Maybe it was the weekend. Maybe
they were just accumulating, but still
this this number is growing. Remember
there was 20, then there was 30, then
there was 50, now there's 100.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, we I mean we don't we don't have a
drone up 24 hours a day, so we don't
know the relative displacement of what's
happening. You'd hope that the factory
now in its third month of third calendar
month of production that they're
scaling. I always thought that they
would be in the the dozens of units in
April and hundreds in May and then get
to the thousands of units hopefully per
week. uh by the end of June and that
would be a really a really solid ramp
up. So it'd be great to get an update
from Tesla. Is the Cyber Cab scaling to
your expectations, your original
expectations or are you limiting the
scale of the Cyber Cab relative to your
roll out of uh your autonomous network?
That'd be interesting to understand
what's the the the tall tenf pole. But
that there are some clues and I think
there's some I see a lot of some
interesting interpretation some
misinterpretation on X. But the fact
that they're advancing these cars away
from the factory is a big tell in my
experience. You typically when you have
a brand new product built a brand new
way with brand new hardware inside of
it, you want to keep it as close to the
factory, excuse me, as possible until
you've got really a tremendous amount of
feedback from the field on how it's
performing, how its reliability is
holding up and so forth. And the fact
that they they're deploying these to all
these sites tell me that they're beyond
a certain point uh of maturity and they
feel good about it. And it also tells me
that there's something forcing their
hand to move it closer to these sights
because you see in those photos there's
plenty of parking places for them to
hold these cars if they needed to, but
they're not. So, I know uh I know people
are frustrated. They just want to see
everything just the light switch turn on
and everything go, but the movement that
I'm seeing tells me that they're getting
ready to do that and it's a matter of
time. There's I'm not seeing anything
that's saying slow down or or they found
a problem or put something in reverse.
Uh they're they're they're staging these
vehicles in a manner that tells me that
they want to get them out, but they've
got to get through their testing to do
that. So, I think it's going okay.
There's going to be a top five issues on
any kind of ramp up. I would be
interesting I would be interested with
Tesla to understand uh when will they
know enough on cyber cab to understand
if this is going to be a platform for
them going forward the way that they're
building a cyber cab is it a new
platform going forward that'd be an
interesting conversation to have
&gt;&gt; did you guys uh hear yesterday a several
cyber cabs were spotted in New Zealand
&gt;&gt; probably for testing for cold weather
right sir I guess you are the expert in
that space I don't know New Zealand is
the perfect country in so many ways. Um,
but yes, uh, they can do certainly some
cold weather testing. Also, right-hand
drive, uh, you know, opposite side of
the road, uh, testing.
&gt;&gt; Right hand drive. There's no rightand
drive here, but opposite or
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Yeah. The right hand drive doesn't
matter so much anymore, but vehicles on
the other side of the road, they can do
some testing as it relates to FSD on
that.
&gt;&gt; So, I think that's that's important. Uh,
Tesla has used New Zealand before as a
testing ground for many of its vehicles
in the past. So, it's not a surprise.
It's cool to see the reactions of people
seeing the the vehicle on the trucks
because they had no idea what it was.
Um, so that that's kind of exciting. By
the way, just
&gt;&gt; what were the other breadcrumbs you
found? Sir,
&gt;&gt; I'm sorry, Herbert.
&gt;&gt; You said you we were mentioning that you
saw a few other breadcrumbs that you
thought that uh that that's a good sign
for a robot taxi roll out of CyberCap.
&gt;&gt; Sure. Well, just first of all, before I
go there, I just wanted to mention that
while we appreciate Joe Techmar's videos
from his trip to Europe, great job, Joe.
I I vote that he not be allowed to leave
the United States without having
somebody replace him and do the video
flyovers because to go two weeks without
those videos was just too painful.
&gt;&gt; Mhm.
&gt;&gt; Exactly.
&gt;&gt; You know, there's a real gap in our
knowledge about what's going on at Giga
Texas without Joe.
&gt;&gt; Um anyway, more seriously, I you know,
we're starting to see the vehicles come
out of the factory now with the cyber
cables on the sides and the back. Oh,
&gt;&gt; right. And and so on. So, it seems like
they're preparing more now for vehicles
that are actually going to be put into
service. Now, again, the timeline of
that, who knows? Maybe they'll produce a
whole bunch, stage them in multiple
cities for a while first before they do
uh some kind of unveil.
Um, you know, they did say that they're
going to roll out robo taxi service in
some other cities before the end of Q2.
If they're still on track for that, then
we should be seeing something here very
soon. So perhaps this weekend uh would
be a logical time to to see that in uh
in Miami and in some other places. Um so
I still hold out some hope for that. Uh
getting the EPA uh what was it the
certificate of conformity? Yeah, I think
that's an important step.
&gt;&gt; Did that hold things back? I don't know.
I don't understand those rules. Um
perhaps Jeff, do do you understand those
rules and how that pertains to Tesla in
terms of their ability to roll out a
commercial service with or without that?
&gt;&gt; Um I haven't looked into it, but it
Tesla can certainly proceed to continue
to do what they're doing and moving
product out. I don't know if it's
necessarily an external gate for them to
provide the service or not. Uh I would
think it may be, but I have to look at
it a little bit more.
&gt;&gt; Mhm.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. I mean, there was a sentence there
about, you know, it it was required to
be able to actually put this vehicle
into service for commerce, which means
you can charge for it. There it is.
That's the cyber cap. So, Jeff, yeah,
you still think it's imminent that
you're going to Yeah, I think Joe
Techmars, he came back and he had the
first drone and he just said yesterday
that he's actually saw a autonomously
driving Cyber Cap out of the factory.
That was the first time, right?
&gt;&gt; And parked itself. No,
&gt;&gt; that's another good sign
&gt;&gt; that for a couple of weeks, but that
wouldn't surprise me.
So, yeah, I think they're get I think
they're close. I I think it's I think
it's imminent there. There's a there's a
a bit of a danger of not completing the
cycle on a new product launch, meaning
not getting your product out to the
field, not getting the feedback, and
then keeping production going. There's a
bit of a D. We always look we always
tried to study this and try to
understand this whole concept of
building the stock and then not actually
seeing your your field results both from
a short-term we call it out of box like
the first time it's used but also
short-term reliability and then getting
into long-term reliability. There's only
so much you can do internally before you
see your product out in the field and
how it performs. So that's why I think
in my mind the start of the PR they
there there was nothing pushing them to
start they didn't have to start in
April. They started in April because
they think that they're launching their
service imminently in my opinion and
imminently may be a couple of months
which is the kind of where we're at
right now.
&gt;&gt; So we're filming on June 18th. This will
publish tomorrow June 19th Friday
morning. June 22 was the anniversary of
the very first robo taxi. I did a big
live stream that day. Is there do you
think Tesla would care? And go, okay, a
year later on its birthday, we're going
to do the cyber cab or we're going to
launch three cities and we're going to
have like two cars in each city. Make a
big announcement.
&gt;&gt; No.
&gt;&gt; No,
&gt;&gt; I don't see it. No, I I don't think they
observe. I I think they're working
towards a schedule towards not a
schedule towards a operational goal.
When they hit that operational goal, I
think they'll they'll roll out and I
think that's what's that's what they're
working on. So they they have to
achieve, you know, whatever it is their
whatever their requirements are, they
have to achieve that. Once they hit
that, they'll go
anniversary
whether or not there's an anniversary or
any particular, you know, day of the
week or date or combination of dates, I
think that they're going to go as soon
as they feel comfortable that they have
the level of safety, they have the level
of operational skills and and and uh
capacity, then they'll go
&gt;&gt; killing Herbert streams, Larry.
&gt;&gt; I know. I do that very often.
&gt;&gt; Delight in doing that, actually. You
have a score card. I have a scorecard
here. Every time I kill one, I check it
all.
&gt;&gt; Well, I hope if if anybody from Tesla's
watching, please invite me to go there
to be the very first one of the few to
test out Cyber Cab as a as a robo taxi.
I'd love to be live streaming that. So,
&gt;&gt; you've been invited before.
&gt;&gt; I know. Thank you to you, Larry. So, I'm
just putting it out there so that uh I
can be one of the first.
&gt;&gt; I see. I see. And uh since they didn't
contact me, maybe it's not happening
this Sunday. I'm just kidding. I don't
know. Um all right. So, a lot of uh
Tesla investors are kind of, you know,
waiting for so long. Waiting, waiting,
waiting. Uh but Q2 should the volume for
vehicle sales should be released July
2nd or 3rd. And Goldman Sachs came out
and they said that hey, the number of
vehicles is going to be higher than
people are expecting. Instead of
4005,000, they're now projecting 420
because global sales seems to be
improving, right, Jeeoff? So you and
then I think Larry said that energy
should be up surprise as well. Why don't
you tell us about your vehicle
expectations, Jeeoff?
&gt;&gt; You know, I think they're going to I
think they're going to exceed
expectations. They started from a a
strong inventory position in Q1 and we
saw a similar pattern from last year
where where Q2 was strong because they
started from a strong inventory
position. But I I view the lack of
meaningful incentives and I look at
these monthly numbers and some of the
monthly numbers are deceiving. People
should understand that Tesla sometimes
changes their distribution patterns or
they just have a distribution pattern. I
think people look at a certain month and
say, "Well, what happened in Norway?"
Well, what happened is they're not going
to get product this month. They're going
to get it next month. And that's just
the way the inventory moves. But the
relative movement of all these countries
and clusters moving north uh it says
it's going to be a pretty strong quarter
and it looks like you know Tesla doesn't
guide on energy deployments but there
were expectations around uh 14.5 gawatt
hours or so last quarter and they
meaningfully underperformed that by
about 40%. So energy is lumpy is what
happens with these interconnection cues
and timing. So, I I think the the right
way to look at energy is on a trailing
12-month basis and kind of stitching a
couple of quarters together. So, Q2
could could be really strong. The and
the the other thing to keep in mind is
Tesla's been outperforming on COGS. If
you can get the factories moving and
filling them up, you're going to really
drive fixed cost absorption. You're
going to continue moving down the COGS
curve. So, they've surprised on gross
margins. They may surprise again. I
think they're going to be spending a lot
of money on capex. So, we're going to
probably see some hits to operating
margins and and free cash flow, but it
it should be it should be a a fairly
strong quarter. And
&gt;&gt; it's interesting. One more comment and
then yeah, sorry, Larry. Just one more
comment if they really get into talking
about what's happening with FSD and what
it what it's doing to sales. Sorry,
Larry. Your capex should not impact
margin.
&gt;&gt; Operating margin. Correct. No, it
shouldn't it shouldn't impact I was uh
correct. It should not impact operating
margin.
&gt;&gt; Definitely impact cash flow. But
&gt;&gt; that's what I was saying. Cash cash and
and uh margins gross margin should be
good.
&gt;&gt; Operating margins. We'll see. They've
been hiring a lot of people there.
That's the other thing.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. And there's going to be a
recognition of um increase in value of
this SpaceX stock. That's going to be a
sign.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, that's a big number. Um so look, I
think it's going to be a great not a
good quarter, a great quarter. They had
a huge amount of work in progress,
very lumpy work in progress in their uh
battery in the energy business. If it
comes through in this quarter, it's
going to be a big number. So that's
going to improve quite a lot. So I think
I'm I'm expecting a pretty good quarter
and you know it'd be interesting to see
if Elon on earnings at and the earnings
call is prepared to talk to
where we are in the release of Robo Taxi
and the you know the the roll out of
Robo Taxi. So I think it's going to be a
good quarter. Jeeoff, did you hint on
something? Uh, which is on July 2nd or
3rd, they usually release uh the number
of vehicles production and delivery.
They did that for years and then they
changed it and they started adding
energy volume deliveries of that. Are
you saying that maybe they might
actually release something like FSD
adoption or something like that on July
2nd, 3rd, not not on not the 20th when
they do the earnings call?
&gt;&gt; I don't know if they're going to change
that. I I would I wish they would
actually start measuring FSD awareness
regionally and start measuring it and
driving that number publicly. I think a
lot of the shareholders have asked about
it. Uh they a lot of the shareholders
are like when are you going to advertise
but it's more of when you just how are
you going to drive awareness on your
products? You you saw how you advertise
when you advertise and what you
advertise but just how are you going to
drive the awareness? We as users of the
product are seeing it's great. So, I
would hope that they would actually
start measuring awareness, but that
would be kind of in a perfect world. I
think the next thing they add to P&amp;D,
unfortunately, I think it's going to be
in other category, but just cyber cab
production should start getting in
there.
&gt;&gt; And I hope they start uh talking about
number of of rides given in miles.
&gt;&gt; They're certain when do they pull out
the other cyber cap volume? When what
number would they then say, "Hey, I got
to make it its own separate line item."
&gt;&gt; Yeah, good good question. um you know
when it's significant is 5% 10%
significant um I'd like to see them
start you know when it's relatively
small and give us a good baseline um but
yeah that that'll be interesting to see
just by the way on on expectations of
deliveries Goldman and Wolf Research are
at 420,000
Barclays is at 418
uh consensus according to Grock is
between 397 and 401,000 depending on if
you're looking at Faxet or Bloomberg but
interestingly Gordon Johnson is a name
from the past. His GLJ research has an
estimate of 426,000. He's actually the
highest of of the the numbers right now.
&gt;&gt; He does that. He's done that before.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Yeah.
&gt;&gt; Oh, he likes to set it high so that
people
he does that with frequency, but if you
look at his ratings, he is personally
&gt;&gt; terrible. Yeah.
&gt;&gt; I don't know how that how that firm
survives. But the thing the thing that
I'm really interested in seeing is is
FSD adoption particularly from the
countries that recently approved it. And
maybe it's too soon to tell, but that
would be cool for the European countries
that are coming online to see how
quickly there's an uptake in FSD
adoption. Now, I don't I don't think
that'll be a part of this production and
delivery report, but certainly as part
of the earnings deck, I'd love to see
some information about that. And that
relates to Jeff's comments about
awareness. No, they started publishing
service
revenue when it was in the low 2% range.
So
&gt;&gt; it it's more than possible they'd start,
you know, publishing that. I mean it
would be very good for them to publish
that because after all you know that's
very that's among many people's thesis
the thesis thesis is the whatever
&gt;&gt; the eye
&gt;&gt; thesi
optimize okay so Tesla stock it's flat
or whatever it's it is where it is we're
all following robo taxi and seems to be
moving and slow but it's starting to you
know the signs
&gt;&gt; the guys in this Tesla stock price
thing. You all tell me you're buying it
for 5 10 years time and need you to
follow it minute by minute.
&gt;&gt; I mean,
&gt;&gt; oh yeah, let me People accuse me of that
as well. Let me address that. So, I have
my philosophy of being a long-term
investor, but of course, I'm producing a
show and you know there's a percentage
of the people who watch this are
long-term investors, but there's a
percent
&gt;&gt; put a ticker on your back wall. I know I
should put a sticker CNN
&gt;&gt; because there's a portion of people that
care about, you know, daily stock
movements. So that's why I do occasional
shows that is about the stock that is,
you know, and my my show is targeted at
the Tesla investor and some are very
short-term and some are very long term.
And so, you know, that's why I do that.
Yeah.
&gt;&gt; Anybody that's been a Tesla investor for
any period of time knows that meme where
there's a guy holding a stick and he's
like, "Do something."
&gt;&gt; And all a sudden,
&gt;&gt; do something. they go straight up.
That's the way Tesla trades and until
there's something some catalyst,
&gt;&gt; it just marks time.
&gt;&gt; It just marks time and that's what it's
been doing. Uh are people do you guys
think that people are focused on SpaceX
and therefore not focused on Tesla and
that there's a truth to that scenario,
right? That's happening the last few
weeks.
&gt;&gt; There's been a big reduction I think in
trading volume in Tesla relative to some
other stocks. Uh you know, Nvidia,
Micron, and so on. And now SpaceX I'm
sure has, you know, picking up a lot of
volume. So a lot of traders certainly
will flock to the higher volume stocks.
Um I don't view that as a negative. It's
just it's going to come and go.
&gt;&gt; And then is there truth to like momentum
where Tesla's flat so nobody cares?
Everybody's looking elsewhere. Then all
of a sudden something happens, people
start getting there and then there's
FOMO and people want to get in and then
it just feeds itself and starts to go up
high like what happened with SpaceX
during its IPO. Tesla is a momentum
stock. So it there is truth to that.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. And I think it's it's probably
underowned by a lot of active managers.
So when there is some really positive
catalyst about robo taxi expansion,
cyber capab
deployment, whatever it ends up being,
you're going to see a lot of people then
playing it for, you know, quarter over
quarter earnings growth that then they
then expect to see at some period of
time. uh and that that like we saw with
Nvidia will be a positive momentum
potentially for a number of quarters if
not a number of years.
&gt;&gt; Okay. And what about the sentiment for
Elon? So in the last week as SpaceX went
IPO the whole everybody's just the our
narrative has been Elon's a
trillionaire. Then you've got vitrial
coming from one side saying you should
never have a trillionaire. This is
obscene and you've got the other side
which is celebrating you know US
progress and innovation and what a great
thing that we're doing for humanity. But
it is a battle now. And then with Elon's
sentiment, do you think it's worse than
it was at its worst a year ago when they
were burning Teslas and Tesla
dealerships? Probably not. But is it to
the point where it affects Tesla stock?
&gt;&gt; I think that's all behind us.
&gt;&gt; I think much there's something there,
but it's much better overall. I mean the
Democratic Party obviously promulgated a
whole set of talking points and
everybody's you know copying the the
require the required statements about
the multi-million
the uber millionaires that's what uh one
of the Democrats called it today but
typically they'll you know trash the
trillionaires they can they can be
millionaires but nobody else can be
trillionaires nobody else can be
billionaires millionaire apparently now
is acceptable.
Um, you know, and it's it's pretty sad.
Uh, it looks like, you know, I mean,
everybody says if Elon were to and then
follows with, you know, distribute his
money to all the people in who are
homeless or all the people who are this
or all the people, then you everybody
would be fine. And you know, of course,
140,000 people would be without work and
uh we'd have you a massive bunk.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. But you know, who know who cares
about that? You know, it's
extraordinary. It's it's the most
extraordinary period that I've ever
lived through. I mean, I remember the
you know, the what what do they call the
red gods? know the red red
in in the riots in Europe in the
' 70s
60s and 70s
um in Paris they blockaded the streets
and they you know tore up but I I think
we're in a worse period right now
absolutely worse period because there's
such a high
there's such a high regard for socialism
amongst the young people and amongst you
a certain wing of the Democratic Party
and in academia in particular. And so
we're in a moment in history which is
not comfortable. I will tell you not
comfortable. And it it could could
imperil the this country. That's that's
what I think.
&gt;&gt; All right. Uh thanks so much on that,
are you?
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; What's that?
&gt;&gt; You're not ending the show on that, are
you?
Why?
&gt;&gt; We should do a show on the sentiment.
&gt;&gt; No, I said you're not ending the show on
the c the country being imperiled.
&gt;&gt; Oh, I see. Yeah.
Okay. Well, I don't know. Oh, I mean I'm
I'm uh it's it's a it's it is I I can
hear the frustration of the Tesla
stockholders, but at the same time every
I I think I somebody wrote a nice post
about this where he was explaining that,
you know, for 5 years Tesla stockholders
were waiting for a dream that one day
FSD, one day Roboaxi, one day Optimus,
one day AI and we're actually they're
all true. They're all here and it's just
a matter of scaling at larger numbers.
But there none of them are being
questioned anymore as being a pos, you
know, a failure. This is very likely
success. It's just a matter of sc how
fast, how scale and yet that that's when
a lot of people are getting losing hope
at this point. That's fair.
&gt;&gt; I think it was appropriate for you to
bring up the kind of the political
climate with with Elon and I think
Larry's answers were also very
appropriate. It just as soon as you get
into the conversation, as soon as you
pull apart any of the arguments, they're
extremely absurd. The issue of wealth
inequality isn't absurd, but the their
approach to what they want would want to
do with Elon or Elon being negative in
any light versus what he's actually done
is he's done more for their platform in
terms of clean energy in terms of
advancing technology in the US and
manufacturing in the US than any single
person maybe any single person in the
world. So as soon as the arguments are
broken apart by sensible people, they
pretty quickly arrived a very sensible
solution. So I don't think I think
there's an there's an effect of what
they're doing and what they're putting
out there in the propaganda, but I don't
think it's it's going to be as
longstanding
uh hopefully. So I think that's where we
can point towards AI being a net uh
adder, a net improver of people's lives.
It's just this long arc that we have to
get through to see it and experience it.
And I think the introduction of physical
AI is not I think there's still going to
be some stutter steps along the way. But
I think when we look a year, imagine FSD
a year from now. Imagine robo taxi a
year from now. How many lives are going
to be saved? Just the performance of it,
the capability of it, and where it is
today versus where it'll be a year from
now. I I think that I think technology
will actually win out in the end, but it
doesn't mean it's not going to be
uncomfortable along the way.
&gt;&gt; Kumbaya,
&gt;&gt; there you go. We can land on that note.
Thank you, Jeeoff. I appreciate you. All
right, everybody. Thank you. Power
panel. Well, as as always, we got Jeff
Lutz, you got Cern Basher, and you got
Larry Goldberg. Thanks, everybody. We'll
see you next week.
&gt;&gt; Thanks, Herbert.
&gt;&gt; I've created a website that is the most
comprehensive resource for the Tesla
investor. Please check it out. Simply go
to my website at herbalm.com.