Channel:     futureaza
Title:       Tesla Could Reveal Major Progress Soon
URL:         https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jrJOugC_X_g
Published:   2026-04-22 12:00 UTC
Fetched:     2026-04-22 13:00 UTC

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Tesla's earnings call is tomorrow and
there are a lot of questions to answer.
Many of them won't say technologies.
Let's give you a quick preview of what
those answers might be. And we're going
to treat every question as a good one
because if it's the first time you're
seeing it, it's a good question. So,
just because you're not deep in the
weeds like us doesn't mean that uh we
should be condescending if we don't like
a question. Uh I'm joined by my buddy
Mark from the Tesla Life Weekly show. He
does there on Wednesdays, 400 p.m.
Pacific, 7:00 p.m. Eastern, and
throughout the week, shorter shows as
well. Check him out if you're cool
enough. And if you're not cool enough, I
don't know, man. Maybe maybe you
shouldn't, but I don't know. Peer
pressure, man. It works.
&gt;&gt; Going to start with the top voted as of
the moment. Are these the top voted?
Most shares, I guess. So, I think this
is how this sorting works. When will we
have the Optimus 3 reveal? When will
Optimus production Okay, so there's four
questions here. Why don't we just do
them one at a time? When will the reveal
be?
&gt;&gt; When will the reveal be of Optimus 3? I
would suspect it's going to be sometime
this year. And I would say, best guess
second quarter sometime.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, I think Q2 or three uh the second
part of this four-part marathon
question. And if hey, if you can get
voted to the top with a fourparter, go
for it. I mean, when will Optimus
production start since we've seen the
end of SNX?
&gt;&gt; Earlier than midyear.
&gt;&gt; Uh,
&gt;&gt; I don't think so. I I don't think so.
&gt;&gt; Yeah,
&gt;&gt; you you've got a lot of tooling up to
do. And SNX production ends like
in a few days if it hasn't already.
Probably the big event. There's a big
event coming up for exclusive to those
who ordered the SNX uh signature series,
the final going away present. Those will
be held uh that will be held I think May
12th I think something like that. So my
guess is May 12th is when they're going
to start tooling up but when this
question was asked that information was
not known. What's the expected Optimus
uh production rate exiting this year?
&gt;&gt; Extremely small I would say at the
beginning. Yeah.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Like let's let's keep in mind that
this is this is brand new. Yeah. You're
you're going to start to ramp up. Yes.
But just like anything else Tesla does
is you don't go gung-ho until you
understand everything about the
production line and about what it's
producing and you will you will have to
juggle things and change things around.
So it's going to be low at the
beginning.
&gt;&gt; Agreed on all points. uh we want uh you
know I don't think the year will end at
a thousand a week. It might not even end
at a thousand a month. It might not end
at a thousand. So it's tough to predict
the future when you're in uncharted
territory which we absolutely are. What
are the initial targeted skills? I mean
it's going to be on AI4 instead of five.
We know that. And it's supposed to be on
AI 5. So the skill set won't be what it
would in a couple years from now
presumably. But uh targeted skills, do
you think they'll answer that?
&gt;&gt; I don't think they'll answer what are
the targeted skills. I I think they'll
talk about generalities like they'll
talk about the you know the third
generation hands uh the extra movement
it's going to give uh the robot but I I
don't think they're going to get into
the details because again you've got to
be able to test this uh and be more
confident with it before you start
promising things.
&gt;&gt; Okay, agree on all points. What
milestones are you targeting for
unsupervised fuzzed and robo taxi
expansion beyond Austin this year? And
how will that drive recurring revenues?
So, I mean, I'll start with the
recurring revenues. My thought on that
is we're not going to see a whole lot of
those uh this year because we're talking
FSD recurring revenue. I assume robo
taxi revenue expected to be modest. Uh
but FSD revenue as it hits unsupervised,
if it hits unsupervised, that's going to
open a a real floodgate of uh cash. Uh
so how will it affect it this year? I
don't know if we're going to see
unsupervised this year. That's my take
on it. And the targeting, I think it's
last year's target reiterated.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, they're they're going to be
talking about reaching, you know, half
the US population again. They're they're
going to talk about how that they're
opening in these new markets like uh
Florida. Uh we're seeing vehicles now in
Nevada. Uh we're seeing we're seeing uh
robo um robo cabs uh and uh taxis in a
number of new spots in Texas. So they're
definitely going to be talking about
some new areas they're going into
because they're actually rolling them
out now or starting to roll them out.
So, but uh yeah, revenue
is going to be
lackluster at the beginning.
&gt;&gt; Yes, Rob Mau posted a picture that he
took today in Chicago. Uh this would be
yesterday as of recording this. The
picture was taken yesterday in Chicago
of a cyber cap that he saw on the
street.
&gt;&gt; When do you expect unsupervised? I I'm
saying I don't honestly in my heart of
hearts I don't think it's coming this
year. What do you think?
&gt;&gt; Is it Yeah. Is FSD unsupervised going to
reach customer cars this year? Probably
not.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. So, I think
&gt;&gt; Yeah, we're on the same page. I I don't
think that this is something that
&gt;&gt; is going to reach and keep in mind
there's there's regulatory hurdles that
have to be met and there's going to be a
lot of discussion uh about how the
vehicle's performing. They want they're
gonna want to see uh all sorts of data
on this and it's not something that's
going to be an easy hurdle to get over.
&gt;&gt; Yes. And it's it will be great if it
comes when it comes. I believe it will.
I don't know when. Uh I'm generally
positive on it. Uh but uh yeah, when I
know Elon has answered this many many
times. He said definitely by the end of
next year. since 2012
14. So definitely by the end of next
year.
Uh will how this is this one I like
better and techge geek Tesla John shared
his thoughts on this. He helped me
rethink this question. It isn't when it
is how will hardware 3 cars reach
unsupervised.
And that's to me a much better phrasing
because when is impossible. We know
they've said solve on hardware 4, make a
light version. If that doesn't work,
retrofit. This says how. And to me,
still the answer is 14 light or 15 light
and then if not retrofit. Uh but what
are you thinking?
I'm thinking that they're going to have
a hard time getting a light version to
do all the things that uh hardware 4
will do. I think it will be difficult
and and if I had to bet some money on
it, I'm going to say they're going to
end up replacing it with hardware 4
systems.
&gt;&gt; What enabled you to finish the AI5 tape
out early? First of all, was it early? I
thought it was two months late, but
okay. And were there any changes to the
original vision? I'm going to say
definitely because lessons learned along
the way. Uh but AI5 will go into Optimus
and the supercomputer, but a month ago
you said it go on the robo taxi. Has AI5
been dropped from the vehicle road map?
My thought would be it hasn't. It'll go
in eventually, but it is not critical.
Uh, it sounds like Tesla is of the
belief that AI5 is not critical to
unsupervised operation, which means it
will get in the cars when AI4 goes out
of production because, you know, uh, the
chips that they put in your home
electronics are much more sophisticated
than the ones it was designed for. It's
just, you know, they got better. So, we
use whatever's available.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. I I think they're just going to
move along just like they have in the
past. It just keeps moving up as those
iterations become available and cheap
enough and and plentiful enough. So
that's not going to change. They're not
going to skip over AI5. They'll put it
in and then they'll move on to AI6.
&gt;&gt; And if they don't, I don't think it's
all that critical. I know I've talked to
people said, "Well, I really don't want
to buy an AI4 car. I want to wait for
AI5." And I say, I don't know that
that's necessarily going to I've heard
people saying they wouldn't buy AI4
since it was 3 months old. Guys, at some
point, now that FSD has been approved in
the Netherlands and is expected to
launch across Europe this summer, can
you discuss your robo taxi strategy for
the region? I think they might address
this um because of course Europe is a
new region and uh they're going to talk
a little bit about um what their plan is
to tackle it. Um I don't think it's a
major, you know, a major secret as to
how they're going to tackle it. They've
already done it by introducing in the
Netherlands, getting the stamp of
approval there and getting the
Netherlands to push it forward into
Europe. So this is something that um is
pretty straightforward uh based on the
European Union.
&gt;&gt; I think it it's a patchwork quilt of
approvals, but the first domino has
fallen uh for FSD. What does that mean
for robo taxi?
I imagine the hurdles are not as
ginormous as we think. But the real
answer is people smarter than you and I
are working on it. And that's good
because I don't know if you've met us,
Mark, but we are not that sharp.
No, I tease uh one of us is very smart
and it's probably Mark. Given the recent
Nitsa filings, can you update us on the
robo taxi safety data? If safety
validation remains the primary
bottleneck, why not deploy thousands to
accelerate the removal of the safety
driver? I mean, you could remove the
safety driver with like a baseball bat
and a few strong words, I think. Um, I
don't know what the bottleneck is.
And I hope that that's something they
will address because it's it's a big
question. It's valid.
&gt;&gt; If it's if it's a touchy situation for
them, they won't touch this question.
Well, they have to say something if this
gets asked, but they also get to choose
which question.
&gt;&gt; That's right. They can skip over a
question if they if they want to.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Is 14.3 the last piece of the
puzzle?
&gt;&gt; No.
&gt;&gt; No. No. That's correct. Well, we know
it's not because 14.3 is out to a number
of people and it's supervised. So, I
don't know why V15 is the is the
alternative. Mark, are you gonna have
that report by the end of the day or in
March?
What? Why would you? Hey, come on. When
will Robo Taxi expand past its current
limited roll out?
I feel like this is similar to the
questions above it.
&gt;&gt; Yeah,
&gt;&gt; but I think I think we will be given
some guidance on the roll out and I
think it's going to, as I said, look
like the guidance we had last year. And
by the way, I was at the shareholder
meeting when he announced those
ambitious goals for the end of the year
and I looked at my watch and said that's
too soon. So
&gt;&gt; yeah,
&gt;&gt; I I
&gt;&gt; and you were correct.
&gt;&gt; I maintain skepticism for doing
something that's never been done before
on time.
&gt;&gt; Two weeks, Brian. Two weeks.
&gt;&gt; I want to get a magic eightball made,
which is the Ask Elon. and you shake it
and it just says two weeks over and
over. But one of them does have a GFY
just because got to keep you on your
toes. What is Tesla doing to scale the
energy generation business with solar?
Residential roof deployments have
stalled. Will Tesla move to regional
solar or battery farms, perhaps coupled
to so superchargers, and deploy solar
through utilities? Tesla's building a
solar fab. It may be that they're
waiting for that to kick into high gear
because Tesla uniquely has the ability
to use up their entire supply. It might
take them a while, but they could do it.
They can sell them, sure, uh but there's
enough land in enough places that could
want these. There's enough parking lots
that would like canopies. There's enough
industrial parks that would like roof
coverage.
I I think it's a great question and I
think the answer is waiting for our own
solar fab.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, I think I I think it's a great
question, James, but uh again, I don't
think that this is Tesla's focus at this
moment in time and it's probably not
something that they're going to want to
talk too much about.
&gt;&gt; Elon's posted on X a number of things uh
about a new vehicle better than a
minivan. What is it? Is it the Y L? I
think that'll be a You got to wait and
see.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, if this was uh if this was old
Elon uh or should I say young Elon at
the beginning of Tesla, he might just
spring into it during it. But he's a lot
more media savvy at this point and will
say, you know what, that's something
that needs its own event and when it
gets closer, we will reveal it.
&gt;&gt; I think you're absolutely right. What's
the status of AI for compute to
superchargers and having cars
participate in distributed inference
data center? What's the timeline and the
value proposition? I can share my
thoughts on that. I had a conversation
with a chip designer and I asked you
know is this is this a thing that's
likely to happen and what he had said
was there's a data security issue that
would be an obstacle. There's also the
issue of latency because not only are
all of these computers far apart from
each other, some of them are on
questionable Wi-Fi and you need a very
good connection to effectively process
compute. But even if you had that, even
if the time wasn't the issue, you can
crunch this overnight. That's fine by
me. uh then you still have the issue of
uh data security and I don't know how
any of that works but I've been assured
that while this is a possibility over
the longer term getting it set up would
be potentially quite challenging and I
think that this is a question that Elon
would say that's something we will look
at in the future when the time is right.
Yeah, the security is interesting that
they would uh I guess if if if companies
are paying Tesla for the compute,
they would have issue with maybe how far
and how wide this is spread off across
the fleet into all different vehicles in
the United States or or larger. Uh and
who has the data? Oh, these individual
cars have the data. You know, it it
might be a problem for someone that's
paying for the commute, the compute.
But I think the answer we would get is
that not yet. When do you expect Optimus
to move from factory testing to external
sales and what revenue potential do you
see from it? I'm going to disagree that
factory is testing because you can put
it in all your factories not for testing
but for roles that would otherwise be
human you know human performed meat
operated. Uh, and I think that one thing
that some companies will do after
they're ready to put it out in the real
world is ship it to partners first. So,
I think we would first see it in the
hands of well all of the other Elon
family companies, but then perhaps even
suppliers. Maybe the blinker company
gets one or 10. Maybe the, you know,
paint company gets some. I think there's
a lot of room in the supply chain
upstream from Tesla that could benefit
from it. And of course, the revenue
potential is uh all all of the revenue.
&gt;&gt; How long do you think it'll be before
Pepsi and Fredo get their own robot?
&gt;&gt; You know what? That's actually a great
question. Yeah, why not? That's that
could be one of the first partners. Um,
Walmart, most locations that I'm aware
of are no longer 24 hours. These could
be used after hours because if you're
going to put them in an environment
shared with humans, you have to have
safety protocols in place.
&gt;&gt; Otherwise,
&gt;&gt; you know, I don't know if you heard the
outcome, Mark. Did you hear the outcome
of the half marathon run by robots?
&gt;&gt; I did. Yes.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. So, not only did it beat the human
record, it beat it by like 57 minutes.
This is the second annual robot half
marathon and it beat the we're already
&gt;&gt; dangerously faster than humans.
&gt;&gt; And then uh the other thing was that uh
this this year they had over 400
entries.
&gt;&gt; Wow.
&gt;&gt; Last year in the first annual they only
had a hundred.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. And last year, I imagine it was
&gt;&gt; a bit more hilarious than this year.
&gt;&gt; Yes.
&gt;&gt; Uhhuh. So, robots are coming. And to the
people who, oh, you know, I would never
trust a Tesla robot. All right. Put a
Chinese one in your home. Tell me how
you feel about that. And don't don't put
it in your home. It's going to be in the
world. Robots are already everywhere.
They're already throughout
manufacturing. They're just not shaped
like people. I took a great picture in
Los Angeles of my robot next to a
delivery robot. There's a couple robots
out on the town doing their thing. That
was kind of fun. Uh, how is the XAI
partnership accelerating your AI
training for autonomy and robotics?
Oh, I don't know. I don't know. And I
don't know what the possible answer
would be. It could be that they loan
each other compute time when they have
it because XAI and Tesla both have
tremendous amounts of AI compute, but I
don't know. Do you have any thoughts on
that?
&gt;&gt; No, it's too new uh as to how this is
going to work or what it's what benefits
it will bring to both.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, agreed. When will we get our V14
light for hardware 3 or will there be a
hardware upgrade path better version of
it up higher? Uh, please talk about 4680
production. Please do. Any questions you
would ask if you were given the
opportunity?
&gt;&gt; Oh man. Well, a number of them were were
already outlined. I I like the 4680
question because we'd like to see
progress. We'd like to see how things
are going and continue to uh grow. uh
but certainly what's going the burning
question is um how is FSD performing and
where do you see it going in the short
term?
&gt;&gt; I can agree with all that. The thing
with 4680 is if they say well we're
still having some struggles but it's
ramping or they say it's going gang
busters it's going better than expected.
I don't know if that would change
anyone's investment theory. I think it
would be great information to have. I'd
love to have it, but I don't know anyone
for whom that is critical information.
So, I think it's fine.
Uh guys, if for some reason uh you want
to watch the earnings call tomorrow, I
will not be doing a live stream nor
appearing on one. Uh the stats from the
last one were just abysmal. It is not a
productive use of my time. And Herbert
from Brighter does a fantastic job of
covering it. Uh please go watch him
instead. And if you're not going to
watch it live, uh then I'll be at
Electric Era. They have a open house
tomorrow and a barbecue. Come get some
free food from 2 to 5. I'll be there for
that. Uh but I'll also be there to get
some inside scoop. Uh, so I get to meet
with some of the folks there before the
event and then uh I get free food. I
mean, I'm coming out ahead.
&gt;&gt; Well, when when you said inside scoop, I
assume that would be Cole's law or
something like that.
&gt;&gt; I don't adhere to Kohl's law. Uh, so uh
guys, uh, that's in Seattle in the Sodto
area. Uh, you can look them up. Electric
era.te, I think, is the URL. Uh,
Wednesday. So, uh, what did we miss?
What do we misunderstand? Leave it. I
beg of you, everybody else. Stay tuned.
Stay juicy and I cannot wait to hear
from you clever robots when you let me
know if you made it to the end.