Channel:     investingagainstthegrain
Title:       Cybercab Drama: NHTSA Probe, $TSLA Slides And D-Day Is Approaching for the Stock Market!
URL:         https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kZPdN23ufIY
Published:   2026-09-08 00:00 UTC
Fetched:     2026-09-08 03:00 UTC

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Once again, Iran and oil are taken
center stage. How will this impact the
Fed's decision next week? Will CPI come
in lower than expected? Will the bonds
markets cool? Or is the president about
to throw all this upside down? And
Tesla, according to Chris Camilillo,
robo taxis fully baked into the price.
Could he be right? And why is Uber all
of a sudden partnering up with driving
unions against robo taxis? And finally,
what are my thoughts on the whole cyber
cab event? What actually happened? The
good, the bad, and the ugly. Let's
discuss.
You're crazy.
&gt;&gt; Lots to cover today, but we're going to
kick things off by giving a few
shoutouts. So, first of all, I want to
give a shout out to Kurt Schwarz. Many
of you might recognize that last Tim
Schwarz. You probably saw his wife Lori
who posted her results for uh the end of
August uh with her trading results and
she blew it out 80 plus,00
trades. She crushed it. But today I want
to give a shout out to Kurt. Take a look
at this. Here's Kurt. He sent me this.
He had a really good month. $42,000
he made. This is his first full month of
trading. And he said, "Two months ago, I
could not explain what an option
contract even was. After one one-on-one
trading uh training in addition to the
options crash course, the results of my
first full month of training should
speak for itself. When I mention to
people that I'm trading options, their
first reaction is typically that I am
gambling. Well, if these are the
percentages that can be achieved with
solid mechanics, discipline, and rules,
then deal me in every hand. To say that
learning to trade options has been
transformational would be an
understatement. Thank you, Nick, for
showing me the way. And Kurt is the man.
Lori is the woman. They are an amazing
couple. They're crushing it. I didn't do
anything. They did it all. I just showed
them the way. I taught them how to fish
and they're crushing it. So, shout out
to them. Awesome first month. Many more
ahead of us. And then I want to give
another shout out. This is we'll just
call him JB. All right. So, here we got
JBH. Uh he says, "Can't thank you enough
for the course. Just took the zero day
and have won both trades since. How do I
get into the Slack channel? If you guys
want to know about the Slack channel,
you can find the link down below. He
says June was a half month and he had a
2.5% return on his portfolio. July was
his first full month and he had 4.5%.
August, excuse me, yeah, July was his
first full month. He had 4.5% return. In
August, he did 10.1% return. He said,
uh, "It changed my future more than I
can say. Thanks again." Again, it was
all him. He did it. I just showed him
the way. But like I said, proof in the p
put pudding here. Whether it's Lori,
whether it's Kerr, whether it's JBH, uh
you can see that when I say 1 to 4% is
conservative, it is conservative. But I
would rather you bias for being
conservative and being disciplined. So
again, if you're wondering what are we
even talking about? How are these
numbers even real? This is what I teach
in options crash course. When you hear
that, it might sound like it's just for
beginners. It's not. It's for everyone.
for people who like Kurt who've never
heard about options and in a month and a
half he's already making 42,000 plus his
wife's making 80,000 plus or JBH here
he's making you know 2 and a half% 4 and
a half% 10% on his net liquidity meaning
if he had a million dollars and he made
10% that means he made 100 grand if he
had a 100 grand and he made 10% that
means he made 10 grand so that's how the
the math works but what I do in the
options crash course is teach people who
have never heard of options to people
who have a lot of experience with
options and who are looking to refine
and get better what they're doing or
just trying to accelerate or get a
little more discipline in what they're
doing. A lot of people have found some
success in options trading but they
haven't really been able to systematize
it or have good practices and good
mechanics and that's where we can help.
The ROI on taking the course is
extremely high. Most people make their
money back in the first one to two weeks
is what we tend to see. So, if you're
interested in the options crash course,
you can find the link down below. Again,
October, I'm going to be closing it out
here shortly. So, if you want sign up
soon, I haven't gotten an official date
yet, but maybe at the end of this week,
I'll close it out. I just got back from
Georgia. We're driving the Cyber Truck
the entire time. So, I'm a bit fried
right now, so I haven't looked at all
the numbers and everything if we're
going to close it out. Go ahead and sign
up down below if you want to join in
October. Again, what's the goal of this?
The goal is to teach you how to be
capital efficient. The goal is to teach
you how to make money without having to
sell any of your Tesla shares, your
Nvidia, your Palanteer shares. That's
the goal, right? None of these people
had to sell their shares to make these
type of profits, to make this type of
number. This is called being capital
efficient. The truth is once you've
amounted a certain amount of wealth, and
normally I say 50,000 plus, then you can
take advantage of these techniques. If
you're below that, you should really be
working on dollar cost averaging and
just building up your portfolio, paying
off debt, paying off credit card debt,
so you can get in a good place. Once you
get to 50,000 plus, then I can work with
you and we can start teaching you how to
implement these tactics. Before that,
you should really be focused on building
your portfolio. Okay? So, the goal is to
teach you how to fish. I don't want you
to be relying on me. I don't want you to
need me. I want to teach you everything
in the options crash course. And that's
the goal. We have people from all all
levels, all walks of life. People from
Australia, New Zealand, Japan, Thailand,
Canada, Europe, Switzerland, obviously
part of Europe, uh, Spain, Portugal,
obviously here in the States,
California, Georgia, Hawaii, Alaska,
believe it or not, we have people from
all over. So, if you want links down
below, if you have any questions, send
me a DM. I do my best to get to
everyone. But, that's what we got going
on now. So, I just want to give everyone
a shout out. And then, uh, also, let me
share my end of the month results. As
you guys know, at the end of the month,
this is the first uh video since the end
of the month. I like to share my
results. Here you can see mine. It was a
slower month than uh I've had uh
recently, but still a very solid month.
I had 62 trades. Uh my final P&amp;L for the
month was just under 84,000. Uh I had
one losing trade, which was for 8,900.
The 83,900 that includes that that loss,
right? But that was actually a trade
that I rolled intentionally, right? I
rolled it out defensively. And if you
guys watch my last video where I walk
you through the series of a trade, it
was this one. So, you can see that trade
actually ended up with net profit of
$3,000. Again, this is the type of stuff
we teach. This is how we teach you to be
mechanical. But you can see here my win
rate is I won 98.2% of all my trades.
You know, average win was 1,720. I only
had one loss entire time. So, and again,
that was a mechanical managed loss. That
was a loss I took intentionally. And
again, in the course, I teach you why
you would do such a thing and why it
makes sense. And if you want one-on-one
coaching, DM me for any questions about
that. Right now, we got some open slots
with Ben. So, all right. So, let's let's
get on to to the main content because we
got a lot to talk about. Let's start off
by talking about what's happening right
now with Iran and how the oil markets
and all that's going to potentially
affect what's going to happen in the
market moving forward. Especially as
right now uh I can see that things are
about to open and things are pointing
pointing red right now. Uh not crazy red
uh to be frank, but they are red. So
what happened is that overnight or I
guess over the weekend, we've seen more
strikes back and forth between the
United States and Iran. the United
States uh essentially took out three
different tankers from Iran as a as a
retaliation for them trying to strike US
military vessels that are in in the
straight of the Hormuz. So this is
causing an escalation in what we're
seeing between both sides. It doesn't
seem like they're closer to any uh peace
deals. However, it does seem like Iran
is starting to get a little maybe more
desperate, starting to kind of get a
little a little bit of the energy sucked
out of them. So, I think that, believe
it or not, this is kind of working at
the moment. But, we'll have to see.
What's more important than all that,
well, I don't want to say more
important, but for what we care about
right now in the markets is what's this
is going to oil because oil is going to
have an effect across the board. Now,
oil prices are going higher, but I'm not
convinced that this is something that we
should really be worried about because
we know right well at least we're told
that there is almost just about 80% of
all the oil that was flowing through the
straight of Hormuz is what's flowing
through it now. So, the US military is
able to provide safe passageways for all
these tankers to come through. Now,
there may be less vessels, but there's
more oil coming through. How could that
be? Well, there's all kinds of tankers
that have different sizes, and so
presumably there's more of these larger
uh Panamax type vessels, tankers that
are coming through and they're carrying
more oil. That would be my guess. So if
that's the case, then the worry about
inflation with oil may be a bit just of
exaggerated volatility in the market
rather than real worries, real inflation
and it may be a nothing burger. So we
want to keep an eye out on that. That is
obviously going to have an an effect
onto the markets. And right now what
we're seeing is that the Fed is in a
weird situation. Okay, let's start off
with uh what Trump posted the other day.
Lower he he wrote lower the rate or I'll
stop trading with countries with which
we have a deficit, right? And you can
see the full post right here, but
essentially he's saying that he's going
to stop trade with these countries where
we have a deficit. Now, Trump's point
here is mainly that we're a very strong
economy right now. or a very healthy
country and that because of that we
should actually have the lowest rates,
the lowest interest rates out of any
other country. It would be no different
than a very strong individual who has
very good earnings potential and has
great, you know, balance sheet, great
assets that they should have lower
rates. Now, you might be thinking,
"Yeah, okay, Nick, but we have $40
trillion in debt." True, fair, but
that's not the entirety of the US
balance sheet. In reality, the entirety
of the US balance sheet includes all of
our companies, all of our great assets,
right? And really, if you took to take
take things into their entirety, were
actually in a very healthy position.
This is actually something that um
Laugher, the the the individual that
Kathy Woods came up under, he talks
about this a lot about making sure that
you're you're contextualizing the the
right things. Uh whether that's money
going out, money coming in, or your
balance sheet statement, right? like
what are your assets versus what are
your liabilities and making sure that
you have these in the right buckets. So
Trump does actually have a point here.
Now the issue he has is that if he cuts
off the the countries that have a
surplus, so the China, the Japans, the
Germans, the Canada, what happens is
those are the countries that are buying
US treasuries. And if they stop buying
US treasuries, then that will lead to
rates going higher inevitably because
you have less demand buying those
treasuries. So, is it a real threat?
Maybe, maybe not. It's hard to say,
especially when it comes to Trump. But
that's also kind of his calling card,
right? It's, you know, do you really
want to find out? Do you really want to
find out how far he's willing to push
this? Because he will. And inevitably,
whenever people think he won't do
something, he ends up doing it. So, this
has a impact. this plus oil, what's
happening with Iran, all of that is kind
of coming to a focal point for September
16th. What's September 16th? Well,
September 16th is when we get the rate
hikes or rate cuts or pause. It's the
Fed meeting. And this is where Kevin
Walsh is going to have to make a
decision. What's he going to do? Is he
going to hold, cut, or raise? And it's
not just up to him. It's also it's a
committee. It's a board. And right now,
we know it's kind of a tossup. Now,
what's interesting is that on Thursday,
I believe on Thursday, we had we had
Waller, one of the Fed chairman, uh,
come out or one of the Fed board members
come out and essentially sound pretty
doubbish. And what he was arguing was
that listen, if inflation comes in kind
of as expected or cooler, well, then it
kind of makes sense for us to hold and
not raise rates. And he gave a very
dovish point of view. And the markets
loved this on Thursday and had a solid
rebound. Now, what happened Friday, you
might be wondering. Well, what happened
Friday were two things. I know Tesla
investors be wondering as well, right?
We'll get to Tesla in a little bit here,
but what happened on Friday was that we
got the non-farm uh payrolls. And as you
can see, this is what Trump's alluding
to. He said we added three times what
was expected. Uh I I think he Yeah, he
said double and triple. We added 162,000
jobs and the previous month was revised
up on top of that. We're booming. Like
there's no two ways about it. This
country is booming when it comes to the
economy, jobs, literally everything. And
the problem is everybody keeps thinking,
"Okay, but inflation. Oh, inflation.
Inflation." I went ahead and I decided
to go and take a look at where is this
inflation actually located? And this
isn't just Nick's magic math, right? You
can go online, you can go see the
different uh the like the Chicago Fed
watch tool. You can go watch them and
they break all this down as well. If you
look since the war with Iran started to
now about 1% of our entire
year-over-year inflation, we're sitting
about call 3.4%. 1% of that 3.4% is oil
prices, is energy costs going up. Now,
it's not fake. It's real. I'm not trying
to claim like it's not. And I I don't
really believe in this like, you know,
well, we'll make an exception for this
and we'll just cross that out because
it's real. However, not all inflation's
created equal. For example, if the case
was that we had iPads going up in price
because there's so much demand, so many
people wanting to buy them, so many
people putting orders, but there weren't
enough iPads to fill the the the demand.
Well, that means we have a supply
imbalance. And that means that this iPad
is going to go up in price. That's the
type of inflation and consumption that
the Fed can raise rates to dampen down.
Imagine this iPad example across the
board. Restaurants, cars, houses,
everything. Okay? By raising rates, you
make things more expensive
to borrow money, right? And that slows
the economy down because then you reduce
the pool of people that can afford it or
willing to spend that kind of money at
those rates. You reduce the amount of
small businesses willing to borrow money
because again money isn't cheap. It's
now more expensive. That is where
raising rates works. where it doesn't
why it doesn't hold water when it comes
to this oil and energy argument is
because no matter how much they raise
the rates you are not going to open up
the straight of hormos you are not going
to create more barrels of oil you're not
going to create more refining or
refining ability of that oil you're not
going to create a a ceasefire between
Iran and the United States no matter how
much you raise the rates so really
raising rates doesn't help anything and
just causes more pain for no reason. And
that's what 1% of that whole 3.4% is.
So, let's imagine we strip that out.
Okay? And I know I said I don't want to
do that, but let's just just let's play
a game. That would mean we have about
2.4% year-over-year. The Fed's target is
2%. Well, that's pretty damn close,
right? So, where where else do we see
big inflation? Well, funny enough, you
might imagine AI. when it comes to all
the infrastructure spending on AI data
centers, servers, chips, GPUs, Micron
with their memory chips, Sandis with
their storage, SSDs,
this is causing a lot of inflation as
well. And if you look at the numbers
again, not my numbers, you can go look
this the Fed tool, you know, they break
this all out. I'm just giving you the
the read on this. 0.4% of all of the
3.4% 4% is coming from the AI
infrastructure inflation. Again, no
matter how much you raise rates, you're
not going to magically create new fabs.
You're not going to magically create
more micron high bandwidth memory or
Nvidia GPUs. It's not going to happen.
So, raising the price or or raising
rates to try to combat that, again, once
it is, it's not going to help the
everyday person who we're really trying
to fight inflation for. It's not going
to do anything to lower grocery prices.
It's not going to do anything to make
your house more affordable. In fact,
we're doing the opposite. So, between
energy and the AI infrastructure, that's
1.4% of our entire 3.4%
that is kind of just BS or at the very
least that that raise uh raising
interest rates won't help. And by the
way, 3.4 minus 1.4 for just
coincidentally happens to get us to a
2%. Isn't that kind of interesting? Now,
at the end of the day, the inflation is
the inflation. So, what can we do
instead? Well, this is where I think we
need to be more pragmatic about our
numbers. We can't be so dogmatic on how
we approach this. Look, we have never
been in this type of AI revolution boom.
And so it it stands to reason that we
can't just look at CPI and decide well
if that's not 2% well then we must raise
rates. That's the type of box thinking
that we don't want to do. And I think
Worsh is trying to break out of that and
I think that's why he's got all these
committees. So it's nuance and we have
to be able to have first principles
thinking. Also keep in mind you can make
the argument for oil that energy prices
seep into everything, right? It seeps
into grocery prices, seeps into uh
transportation, it seeps into your
electric bill, you know, eventually it
shows up into your clothing, into the
things you buy, everything. Okay, that's
a fair argument. But keep in mind, by
the nature of energy and oil prices
going up, that in itself does the work
for the Fed in in the way that they want
to raise rates. We raise rates to slow
the economy down. Well, guess what? If
you have $10 and most of the time when
oil is not crazy high, you spend $3 of
your 10 on energy. Okay? Well, there you
go. You spent $3 of your 10. But now
that oil's gone higher, what have you
done? Well, now you have to spend more
of your 10 on that energy. That means
you have to sacrifice somewhere else.
So, instead of three, maybe now you're
paying $5. So, now that means you have
to sacrifice or not spend money
elsewhere. This is not inflationary
across the board. Yes, oil price might
have gone up, but that's going to take
away from somewhere else. This is very
different from what we saw during the CO
era. Here's what happened during CO.
During CO, we had a supply chain shock.
Everything was closed down. Ships were
on Long Beach, couldn't get in. Ships
were off of Virginia Beach, couldn't
come in. It was a debacle. Long shore
men were protesting. It was crazy. Uh we
had everything happening with Canada and
the truck drivers. You guys remember all
this? So so what happened? Well then we
had the bright idea of you know what we
can't even get supplies in and demand's
already high. Why don't we go ahead and
give everyone checks? Let's give
everyone more money so then they can go
buy more of the things that we already
don't have because all the shelves are
empty. That's smart, right? So what does
that do? Well, there's more demand than
we had even before. And we have still no
supply and no line of sight on supply
being fixed. And so that just created
even more inflation. So at the end of
the day, government is what causes
inflation. Money printing, putting the
money in the hands of people when we
don't have enough supply to feed the
demand, that's what causes inflation.
Inflation is a is is a is a combination
of money printing and M2 the movement of
money supply. That movement of from
dollar to dollar and the acceleration of
that that is what inflation is. You
again don't need to believe me. Go
listen to Milton Freeman. All right. So
let's try to tie all this up into a
little bit of a a package here. Right
now we have September 16th is DDay.
arguably if you want to know what's
going to happen on D-Day this Friday,
September 11th, I believe. And you know,
thank you for all those who serve. Um,
and you know, rest in peace. And you
know, you know, 911's sad day. I
remember where I was at still, but we
we'll talk more about that uh maybe
later. But on on Friday, we are going to
get the CPI report and that's going to
be very telling for us. And you better
believe that this is going to move
markets. So if you're trading zero days,
don't trade zero days. If you are uh
just doing normal 45day type trades,
guess what? If you have profits, me
personally, I'll be taking them off
before Friday. I'm not going to risk
anything in there, right? I'm going to
go in a little lighter. Now, that
doesn't mean I'm going to manage
everything, right? I'm still going to
keep it the way it is, right? If trades
are working, then they're working. But
if I'm up 20, 30, 40% on the trade on
Thursday, I'll take it off before the
market closes because I'm not going to
go into Friday and potentially give
anything back. Friday, we will know, we
should know, you know, as long as it's
not kind of a gray number, we should
have an idea of what things are going to
look like on Wednesday next week for the
Fed meeting. I'm of the opinion still
that they are going to hold between what
Trump is saying here, between the fact
that it wouldn't help anything to raise
rates, it doesn't help the oil
situation, it doesn't help with the AI
infrastructure play, and if you back
those out, we're essentially at 2%. And
on top of that, we've got we got 10
trillion dollar in debt that need to be
refinanced this year. 10 trillion. Now,
that is debt that we need to refinance
from a a short-term to a short-term
perspective. So, we don't want higher
rates on that because that'll just make
our our deficits even higher. And I
think everybody's aware of this.
Bessent, Trump, Wars, the Fed board,
everybody's aware of it. So, I think we
might see a lot of rockiness in the
market in the coming days and all the
way really through Wednesday. But I
think after we get past this, and again,
there's no reason for me to even think
I'm right. Like, I'm literally putting
my neck out there right now. The Fed
watch tool says 60% chance that there's
going to be a rate hike. I've never ever
ever ever seen the Fed watch tool be
wrong. This is one of the reasons why I
say it's almost like ridiculous to even
have a Fed because we can just look at
the bond markets and they'll tell you
what's going to happen. But this time is
different, right? The stupidest thing in
the world to say. But I think that we're
not going to raise rates. I think that
you're going to see CPI come in decent.
I think that you're going to see the the
Fed hold off. It just it doesn't make
sense. Like I don't see the logic behind
it. But again, I'm just some guy with a
backwards hat on here in YouTube who's a
big all-in Tesla investor. What do I
know? Okay, so let's let's let's move on
to some some more uh interesting topics
because we've got some drama in the
Tesla world. Okay, and we've got Chris
Camilillo, we've got Uber all of a
sudden partnering with anti-robo taxi uh
Uber driver uh unions. So things are
getting a little interesting out here.
Okay, let let's first start off with uh
the Uber stuff because over over the
week and I know Jason Farod made up you
know what and I don't know if you saw
that drama go look at it. It is comical.
Jason is it's laughable. I mean the guy
is a one wannabe Chamoth. Like he he's
just in my opinion riding these guys
coattails. Uh I'm sure he's a nice guy
and you know they're all friends with
him but like he he's a clown. He he's
he's a joke. Um, again, I what do I
know? I'm just giving my opinion here.
Uh, but I I just I think anyone who
can't make an actual logical argument
and debate the merits of someone's point
of view or contend with the logic, I
think you are a clown. I don't have
respect for you. Now, that doesn't mean
I can't gain respect for you. But when
you always attack the person or you
attack the you just throw ad hominins to
them and never contend with their logic.
I take issue with that. I know I'm
calling him a clown. Why? Because he's
not contending with the logic. He
doesn't even have any logic to contend
with. He's just calling Farzad's son and
all this and claiming that he's just
trying to clickbait and just trying to
get affiliates and all that. And I don't
think Farzad is doing that. Maybe he is.
Maybe I'm I'm the idiot here. May maybe
maybe that's all Farzad is doing. Uh,
but I I don't think so. Like I know
Farzad, you know, I I've known Farzard
for a while now. And every time, you
know, we've hung out, we've met, we've
talked, we've done podcasts together,
and that's not that's not the Farzada I
know. So that's all I can go off of. But
to see someone like uh Jason at his
level with his influence to be acting
that way to Farzad or to anyone really,
that's not just Farz, to anyone. I take
issue with that. Okay. So I'm not cool
with that. But that goes back into this
whole Uber narrative. Uber right now and
just if you don't know Jason kind of
made his money in many ways by being an
early investor in Uber. So he's talking
his book while he's claiming Farzot's
talking his book. Like Jason like like
we don't know that you're talking your
book. He's talking about how things need
to slow down and that we need to have a
gradual uptake of AI and robo taxis and
that Tesla will be like 60% of it and
Uber will be like 40% of all the Uber of
all the robo taxis and all that. And I
think it's it's crazy to think that he
is so close with Elon and he can be so
far off the mark. I don't understand how
anyone thinks that Uber is going to
survive here. Uber's already not
surviving. You got the CEO selling a
bunch of shares last year. You've got
them essentially Whimo leaving them.
Why? Well, Whimo was getting paid more
for rides than what Uber was. And Whimo
has no one in there and it's more
expensive. I mean, just think about
that. And then you have Uber and Whimo
have their own rift. And now you have
Uber partnering up with uh with with
driving unions to slow down the pace of
progress for robo taxis. How crazy is
this? So we want to slow down the pace
of life-saving technology. That's the
side Jason's on. That's the logic that
he could not contend with. All he could
do was throw ad homonyms to another guy
who was just purely putting out a point
of view with logical facts. And again,
no one could contend with him or at
least Jason couldn't. Anyways, so it's
interesting now to see what's happening
here with Uber. Um, and then we also
have all these layoffs that that were
happening u at at Uber um by Whimo too,
right? Uh, this is kind of interesting
to happen all at once, especially right
now as Cyber Cap launch. I'll give my my
thoughts on that in a second. Here you
have Jason and Uber and it's like this
this movement that's kind of happening
there to try and slow things down. And
mind you, Jason all year long has been
the ones saying that oh AI is going to
take everyone's jobs and we're not going
to have jobs all this whatever whatever.
And Chimath and David Sachs have been on
the pod and me I've been saying this for
years, right? That no, this is BS.
That's not how this is going to pan out.
And Jason kept saying it and saying it
and saying it and now all of a sudden
he's doing a 180. I watch your stuff
every single week. not necessarily for
you, you know, for the other guys, but I
hear your takes. I hear your point of
view. And I'm watching you flip-flop
without ever mentioning like, you know
what, I was wrong about this. You guys
were right. This is actually what's
happening. But he would argue with them
back and forth how he's going to replace
all the software in his companies and he
doesn't he's hiring less people and all
this and and now this past week he's
talking about, oh, we're hiring more
people. Anyways, let's let's move on to
Chris Camillo. So Chris Camilillo, if
you guys don't know, he's uh a famed
investor, maybe retail investor you call
him. He he's one of the hosts of the uh
Dumb Money podcast. It's honestly a
pretty good entertaining podcast, but he
is under the impression that the whole
Cybercap event was a flop, that
everything with Cyber Cavs, road taxis
are baked into the price of Tesla.
Meanwhile, he can't even tell us the
difference between cyber cab or robo
taxi. He doesn't even know how to say
full self-driving. Uh like everything
when you hear him talk talk about it, he
is very he lacks knowledge on it. Okay,
he lacks knowledge on even what he's
talking about and it just shows that he
hasn't done a lot of the research on it.
The funny part is in that same episode
he goes on to throw shade at Jason. Look
at this full circle, right? This is why
it's kind of funny. So, he throws shade
at Jason. He throws shade at Jason
because Jason on the on podcast started
hyping up Optimus and Chris Camilo's
point of view was, "Oh, well, you don't
actually know what the the landscape is
of robotics. I know for a fact you
haven't spoken to all these companies,
yada yada yada." and he's throwing shade
at Jason for his take on Optimus, saying
that it's 18 months ahead of everyone
else, saying, "Oh, he doesn't know,
whatever. He's ignorant, all that stuff,
and maybe he's just trying to get clicks
and all that attention economy kind of
thing." But meanwhile, Chris is doing
the same thing. He's literally even just
hearing his his vocabulary, he does not
understand what's happening with Tesla
in the cyber cab or robo taxis. All
right. So, it's funny to hear all these
people come from a point of view of no,
you're wrong, you don't know about this,
because they happen to know about a
certain topic. And, you know, this is
something I always try to avoid. I tried
to not act like I'm the smartest guy in
the room. Um, I might ask questions that
may seem like I think I am, but
honestly, my I'm just a very curious
person. And when I ask questions, it's
to learn. It's to seek knowledge. Like,
I I don't care about being wrong. I
never ever care about being wrong. I
just want to be right. I want to make
sure if I say something, it's not wrong.
So, I would rather ask questions and
learn and I would rather be corrected as
soon as possible. You know, uh it wasn't
long ago I was talking about um how
Starlink was communicating uh down to
Earth and uh one of uh one of the the
viewers here wrote me a whole lengthy
explanation of like the physics and how
everything's actually broken down. Like
ah this is awesome. Thank you so much
for sharing this with me. You know, so
you know, I'm here to learn. I'm here
not to to be right. I mean, I want to be
right, but I'm not here to prove I'm
right. I'm here to be right. I want to
learn and iterate. And hopefully that's
what we're all trying to do here. And so
whether it's Jason throwing ad homs to
Farzad and not contending with his logic
or Chris Camillo throwing shade at Jason
because he hasn't spoken to all the
robotics people. Meanwhile, Chris
Camillo is kind of throwing shade at
Cyber Cab and Tesla and Elon. It's it's
a bit comical because like everybody has
a kind of right but kind of wrong at the
same time except Jason. Jason's just
wrong. No, I'm kidding. Uh Jason does
have takes I like I'll be honest. I I do
think without Jason, the all in podcast
isn't what it is. So, you know, I think
he he's uh he's necessary for for the
pot. All right, so let's talk now about
Tesla Cyber Cap, the event, what I
thought, what happened, um and you know,
where I see the stock going from here
and what honestly where do I see this
market going from here? And you know,
hopefully by that point, we'll see the
market open. Uh we got a few minutes
here before it opens. But let me go
ahead and kick things off with talking
about what happened. So on Wednesday
evening, we found out from Tesla that we
were not going to be allowed to stream
the event. Okay? So when we found that
out, it's like, "Oh, no. This isn't good
because we've been talking about
streaming this event and we've been
prepping for it all week." All right.
So, uh, as you guys know that we were
planning on doing this, um, and we
couldn't. So, we got that information
from Tesla and right away Tesla also
informed that anyone who leaks any
information about the event or just
anything, the location, anything, they
will be banned from future uh, future
events and they won't be invited. So,
logically, everyone kind of went radio
silent, right? we went dark. Now, some
people uh not going to call out names,
but some people decided to share that
information uh on video uh the following
day on Friday. Uh we decided not to. We
decided it made most sense to just
remain dark, not say anything. Keep keep
quiet. Tesla wanted this to knock it
out. Tesla wanted us to say nothing. So,
we said nothing. And so, that was the
plan. So, for everyone who wanted to
attend the stream that we were going to
put on, I apologize. We were just trying
to respect Tesla's wishes. And as you
you know, I wasn't streaming this alone.
So, I didn't want to potentially put
anyone else into a a a list of do not
invite again. So, I want to respect
everyone's wishes. So, I hope you guys
can understand where we were coming
from. We were just trying to do the
right thing by everyone and respect
Tesla's wishes. Now, I've got a lot of
people asking, "Why didn't Tesla live
stream the event?" Great question. If
you guys want to know, when that was
happening, my plan was me, my wife, my
son, I was going to do the live stream.
Great. We're going to wrap up. I thought
maybe 6:00 or 7:00 p.m. I'd be over and
then we're going to get in the
Cybertruck and we're going to head out
to Georgia uh for for the the holiday
weekend. Well, because we found all this
out, I was like, "Okay, well, I guess we
can leave earlier." So, we left earlier.
So, on the road, I'm sitting there, you
know, looking at my phone like, "All
right, live stream's got to start soon,
right?" I was expecting there to be a
live stream. Sure, YouTubers wouldn't be
allowed to live stream it. Surely
Tesla's going to live stream it, right?
Seemed obvious to me. And I'm sitting
there and I was like, "All right, you
know what? Let me just go to Peggy's
channel because he's live and so this
way I won't miss it." And so, I'm just
sitting there listening to Peggy like
like, "Where is it, man? Where is it,
guys? Where is it? Sheesh. All right,
Peggy doing PEI things, right? Shout out
to Peggy. Um, and sure enough, like I
was sitting there in the Cybertruck FSD
driving. By the way, we have video
that's going to come out about that here
shortly. Um, but nothing. I was with you
guys. I I didn't know what was going on.
You know, by that point, all the we'll
just say Tesla YouTubers were radio
silent to me as well because their
phones were locked up. So, I didn't know
what was going on. They didn't know
what's going on. This was very hush-
hush in many ways. So, so I was in the
dark with you guys as well. That's what
happened. And then obviously, as you
guys know, like around 8:15 Eastern, you
know, all of a sudden we saw some
content come out about what actually
happened. So, why did it happen? Why
didn't Tesla live stream it? And maybe
the more important question, why didn't
Tesla communicate better about this?
Once again, Tesla does a poor job of
communicating. It's It's honestly
baffling and extremely annoying. I
understand potentially I'm I could I
could take a guess of why they didn't uh
why they didn't stream it, but I cannot
I cannot for the life of me understand
why they didn't better prepare all of
the Tesla fans who they know were
anticipating this event that there was
going to be no live stream. So why would
they not live stream it? Okay. One,
unlike the Giga Austin or unlike what we
saw in LA, um uh whenever we had the ro
uh uh not robotic taxi, um the 1010 day,
whatever those called. I don't remember
off the top of my head. Unlike those,
that was a private secluded gated very
secure area. This wasn't. This was
essentially out in public at a music
hall and
there was potentially security risk.
Maybe after things that we saw like with
Charlie Kirk, maybe things that you know
protesters, anything like that, they
probably want to avoid it. So, it made
sense that they they wouldn't have
wanted to live stream it and then the
location gets, you know, essentially
given away and all of a sudden
protesters or bad actors show up. I get
that, especially when it comes to
someone like Elon, right? We want to
protect Elon at all costs. All that,
fully understand it. Okay, that makes
sense. What doesn't make sense is why
didn't they prep all of us saying, "Hey,
we're not going to live stream this, but
we will share a recording a couple hours
later." Okay, that would have been very
easy communication. Had they done that,
it would have been a whole different
Friday morning. What happened Friday
morning? Well, of course, Friday morning
was just filled narratives of Tesla
screws up. They don't hold a live
stream. They essentially everything
becomes about them not live streaming.
And then to throw, you know, little
gasoline to flames. Then the whole Nitsa
report comes out or the Nit Nitsa audit
comes out. We'll talk about that in a
second. The point I'm trying to make
here is that once again, this is a
pattern. Tesla is bad at communicating.
And once again, no one's going to hold
them accountable. This needs to be
fixed. This is such a silly problem for
them to have over and over and over
again. It's not hard and for some reason
they will not do something about this.
And I urge anybody out there who has
line of communication to uh Axelrod, to
uh Elon, to to anyone on the team,
communication. You guys got to work on
it. This is not good. This is this is
borderline pathetic at this point. Now,
with that said, I thought the event was
great. I thought I love seeing honestly
I love seeing that Elon and Lars and
them weren't there. I love that Ashok
Ashoke got a chance to shine. His team
got a chance to shine. I love the fact
that everybody could go and get into a
cyber cab right after. And most
importantly, what I love is that the
very next day, the public was able to
access cyber cabs. That this was not a
yeah, we'll have one or two vehicles out
there. They have 45 vehicles or
something like that out there now. This
was a real launch and I'm very very
happy about that. And I think that this
is going to be very bullish down the
road. I don't think this is going to be
one of those situations like we saw with
the Cybertruck or what we saw with uh
1010 day or we saw with um you know
whatever else demo that we've seen in
the past, Optimus day, AI day, right?
This is going to be a lot more tangible
because people can go test it now. The
barrier to entry, the friction to get
and understand Tesla has just come down
tremendously. And I think that this is
just the start of it. So let's talk
about this audit now with Nitsa.
In my opinion, this is a blessing
disguise and everybody painting the
picture that this is bad. Don't think it
is. This was going to happen one way or
another. The fact that it happens the
day after the Cybercap launch makes me
think this was coordinated with Tesla. I
don't think Nitsa just randomly supply
surprises Tesla. I don't think Nitsa is
not aware that Tesla was doing this
event. So I think this was coordinated
and I think all this is going to
fasttrack Cyber Cab nationally. That's
my take. Maybe I'm speaking my book.
Maybe I'm biased. Maybe I have blinders
on. I'm look look I got a Tesla TSLA
shirt on from the shareholder meeting,
right? I get it. I'm biased. But that's
how I see it. I think there's too much
coordination between Tesla, Cyber Cabs,
and Nitsa for that not to be the case.
All right. Now, what about the stock
price? What's that mean for the stock
price? Look, the stock price pulled back
a good amount. You know, I I did not
think that there was going to be a sell
the news event. I still don't think this
was a sell the news event. I think the
reason this the market sold off or the
market I think the reason Tesla sold off
is because of this Nitsa audit that kind
of spooked people. In my opinion, this
is an opportunity. I went ahead sold
puts. That's that's just what I do. I I
take the other side of whatever the
market does. Selling puts, by the way,
is a bullish trade if you're not aware.
Um, but seen the success here. It it's
going to be very interesting to see now
how do they scale. Um, I I want to
really here the things we need to see.
We need to understand when will they
launch more cyber cabs, when we see that
tick up, at what rate? We need to see
how the miles increase from now to the
next earnings call where we get our next
mile uh next data point. We know that as
of the cyber cab event, they hit 1
million miles of uh unsupervised FSD.
That's great. That's awesome. And then
we need to see when's the next city uh
that what is next city and how long does
that take that gets cyber caps? That
would be another really big signal. So,
so these are kind of the the milestones
that I really think that we need to be
keeping an eye out for. And I think if
this kind of goes the way I think it's
going to go, I think we're going to have
a very strong end of the year. I also
think that once we get past September
16th, believe it or not, I think whether
it's a rate hike or rate cut or hold, I
don't think it really matters. I think
this market goes up because at that
point, we'll have taken the uncertainty
out of the market. And I think that's
really what the market wants. the market
has been in this two-sided back and
forth because they don't know what the
Fed's going to do. They don't know
what's going on with Iran. They don't
the markets just doesn't know anything.
So, it's just like, I don't know what to
do. We're stuck here. We're we're in a
stalemate. And I think that once we get
some clarity here, the market wants to
move up. At the end of the day, AI is
booming. It's real. Uh the other day, we
saw Grock and Claude and Open AAI all go
down for a little bit. And I don't know
about you guys, but for me, I was like,
"Oh my god, I would pay so much more for
these tools because now my total work
progress just got halted." And now I'm
back to like riding everything manually
rather than I'm sitting here like
playing orchestrator with my team. My
team all of a sudden went offline and
now I'm sitting there having to do
everything manually, which was I mean
doable obviously, but painfully slow in
comparison. So, so I think this market
goes higher. I think AI is real. I think
the boom's here. I think Tesla's going
to soar back to all-time highs by the
end of the year. I think Chris Camila is
just dead wrong. I think Jason needs to
contend with logic and not throw all
these ad homonyms. I think you guys are
awesome. I think you should join the
crash course if you're interested in
learning about options. And most
importantly, I hope that you guys had a
great holiday weekend. I'll see you guys
next time. Cheers.