Channel:     jobhakdi
Title:       SHOCKING SpaceX Merger Price For Tesla Stock?
URL:         https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pQRQ70PP6mU
Published:   2026-06-22 20:49 UTC
Fetched:     2026-06-22 21:00 UTC

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Today we have to talk about the SpaceX
Tesla merger. Why? Because it is of
utter importance for us to understand as
Tesla shareholders, also as SpaceX
shareholders, but less so. But as Tesla
shareholders, we have to understand is
this merger going to happen, when is it
going to happen, and most importantly
the trillion-dollar question, at what
price is it going to happen? And you
know I had a great debate with Alexandra
Merz about this. I was on Pيج's channel
and I had
a very well-received video on this topic
on my own channel, and today is time to
actually take the discussion to the next
level. Because I think there is
something the discussion right now is
overlooking where I'm extremely certain
that I am right about something that no
one is mentioning. Okay, when you scroll
through X, you see Herbert here, you see
Sern Bashar, you see Larry Goldberg, you
see all kinds of smart minds in the
Tesla community discussing this, and now
also the SpaceX community,
and everyone is talking about the big
question, what is [clears throat] the
ratio between these companies when they
merge?
Before we go there, let's take just out
of the question the question whether it
will merge. Because people like me and
some others like Chamath Palihapitiya,
we all agree that the merger is going to
happen. There is no doubt that the
merger is going to happen. There is no
doubt that Elon has to consolidate his
companies into a singular entity, the X
Corporation, very likely, who knows,
maybe it's remains SpaceX or it's
getting renamed into X Corp, which he
always wanted to do. The reason for that
is not so much financial engineering,
the reason for it is, let's take a step
back and put yourself into Elon's mind.
He has a lot of work carved out for him.
He wants to bring us into a Kardashev 2
civilization. That is a big goal. Forget
Mars, Forget the moon. There is a very
strategic long-term goal here that we
will of course not achieve in our
lifetime, but a very strategic goal to
turn humanity into a Kardashev two
civilization, which means the ability to
harvest all the energy of the solar
system into our civilization. So, we can
actually generate infinite or not
infinite, but much more intelligence
than we have now and with that engineer
reality at will. So, we will never get
to a true K2. Right? That's technically
impossible, but it's about
growing us from currently a trillions of
the sun's energy into a millions of the
sun energy harvested, which means
roughly a million times more energy for
humanity.
And that requires SpaceX to succeed. The
fascinating situation here is that we
have the ability now with centers to
scale ourselves
into a millions of a K2 civilization
thanks to SpaceX starting next year.
That is a very big deal. I can't
overemphasize how important that is.
That means economic growth in the
multiple million million times and
that's a lot of money.
So, that is what we have to achieve.
Just to zoom out a little bit from
everyday robo-taxi, Optimus, AI
satellite discussions. That is what is
at stake. The crazy thing about our
times is that we can actually make this
happen right now. That we have the
business model that exists that we can
be cash flow positive on a K2 trajectory
immediately out of the gate starting
latest in 2028 with AI satellites and
SpaceX. Now, in order for all of this to
happen, Elon and the team has to be very
focused. Friction is bad because the
true the true bottleneck here the true
rare commodity is management attention
and focus. If you have two two
companies, it is just not a thing you
can do for a long time. It is too much
effort, too much stupid questions, too
much governance issues when you actually
do deals between SpaceX and Tesla. It's
just stupid. It needs to be
consolidated. That's very clear. Now,
when you put yourself into Elon's mind,
you know the clock is ticking. You know
there is no time. I always tell everyone
in my company, there is no time because
that's the problem. That also gives us
some insight into when this merger
should happen. I think Alexander Merz is
actually right about one thing, about
many things, Alexander, but some things
we disagree. But you're right about one
thing, and that is that the merger is
happening sooner than later because it
makes no sense to wait. We have the
midterms coming up. We have Democrat
interfering interference risk. We have
good momentum right now. So, I also
believe the merger is going to happen
sooner than later. But now, let's go to
the big question here. For example,
Alexander Merz, thank you, Tesla Larry,
to Larry Goldberg. Now, more important
is that we get a merger of equals. Let's
all push and hope for that. Have a good
weekend of all. And I want to address
this big topic because we had this
discussion. Is it a merger of equals? Is
it something where Tesla and SpaceX
merge one to one? Or is it something
that I implied that we could even merge
one to two? That Tesla owns 66% of the
final entity.
Uh some people say it could be different
because SpaceX is valued much higher
than Tesla right now, even with a 50%
premium as you will see in a second. I
have a model prepared for you that will
enlighten us a lot about what's going to
happen. Even if Tesla gets a 50% premium
from here, is acquired at $600, it
wouldn't be a merger [clears throat] of
equals. It would be something where
SpaceX owns more of the new entity under
certain circumstances, and that would
not be good for Tesla shareholders, and
they would be angry, and we introduce
risk into the vote. Now, I want to point
out something that is very important to
understand that I I the community is
ignoring. When there is a merger, when
there is you can also call it an
acquisition, SpaceX is going to acquire
Tesla. We know that for sure, not the
other way around, because Elon has the
majority 10x super votes on SpaceX. So
the surviving entity needs to be SpaceX,
even if it's renamed into X Corp. That
is clear. SpaceX has to buy Tesla. The
next question is at what percentage
share. Now that is an economically
interesting question, but that is not
how an acquisition normally works. Look
at Cursor. When we look at the Cursor
acquisition, Cursor was not acquired for
3% of SpaceX. At least that was not the
deal terms. The deal terms was that
Cursor was acquired for 60 billion
dollars.
Now what is the difference between 2% 3%
and 60 billion dollars? Of course the
fact there is no difference, because
turns out 60 billion is 3% of SpaceX.
But the deal, the contract was not the
call option Elon bought for the Cursor
acquisition back, you know, a few months
ago, was not for 3% of SpaceX, it was
for 60 billion dollars. And so we have
to understand when there is an
acquisition offer, it is made in
dollars.
It is made in a specific amount that
SpaceX is going to buy Tesla for.
And it's going to pay that amount in
shares at the moment of acquisition,
okay? Now why is this important? It is
extremely important, because it means
that when that merger is announced,
potentially very soon, potentially in
the next month, next two months, next
three months, then we will not hear an
offer for a percent of SpaceX. We are
going to hear first and foremost an
absolute number. And then Tesla
shareholders are going to vote for that
number. And that number will be a market
cap. It will be, for example, Tesla at
$600. If you get a 50% premium, assuming
when the offer happens, that is where
Tesla is at $400 with a 50% premium,
meaning 600. And then, at the moment of
vote, we will look at the 600 share
price or that $1.88 trillion market cap
and translate it into SpaceX shares
because Tesla will be acquired for the
amount of shares that represent the
value that is offered for Tesla. Okay?
And that makes that game a little
complicated because at the moment where
this offer is
made, it is going to be made in dollars,
which translates into a Tesla share
price. It does not translate into a
SpaceX share price, but only in a Tesla
share price. And the question how many
SpaceX shares you we will get that
represent that, let's say, $1.88
trillion 50% premium uh price for Tesla
cannot be determined by anyone at the
moment of offer, but has to be
determined at the moment where the deal
closes based on the market price of
SpaceX at that moment. So, let's look at
a model I developed here that will
clarify that and also clarify the
ratchet idea that I brought in that
would stabilize that whole deal and take
off a lot of risk of Tesla shareholders
voting no cuz here's where I firmly
disagree with Alexandra that the Tesla
shareholder vote is a clear yes.
Because the institutions and the retail
investors in Tesla are not going to vote
yes if the deal is bad. I hate to break
it to Alexandra. And if there are Tesla
shareholders that are also SpaceX
shareholders like Ron Baron, who vote
for a bad deal to favor their SpaceX
holdings,
that is a problem. It's a fiduciary
problem for the Tesla board. So, they
you open yourself up to massive amounts
of lawsuits. If you do anything that's
sketchy and disadvantages large numbers
of Tesla shareholders. So, I believe the
deal on the table needs to be good and
attractive for Tesla shareholders, or we
will introduce the risk that the vote
doesn't go through. And that risk is
very bad for everyone. And I'm pretty
sure Elon and the board and everyone
wants to avoid that that risk. That is
the reasoning. So, let's start first
with a very simple model where we look
at SpaceX, currently share price 183,
representing a market cap of 243.
Uh, and we have Tesla at 400,
representing a market cap of
uh,
1.
Uh,
25 trillion. Okay? Maybe I should add
here this is in trillion.
So, if we look at premiums, I just for
fun put in a 30% premium just for
comparison. If you get a 30% premium on
the Tesla share price, currently I think
that would not be okay because everyone
expects robotaxis to scale and if it
doesn't scale, people get really really
annoyed and this is all very bad. So, at
a 30% premium, we would get a $520 share
price offer for Tesla at a 1.63 trillion
uh, dollar market cap. At a 50% premium,
which I think is more likely, we get a
$600 share price at the current share
price, of course. That would be if the
offer would be today or Monday. Uh,
of course, Tesla can easily go up to 490
or whatever and then, you know, this
might be adjusted. But just just for
basic for a basic example, this is what
I'm looking at here. So, let's not
forget we do not get an offer in
percentage of SpaceX or merger of equals
or something like that. We will get an
offer in dollars.
Okay. So, what does that mean? Now it
gets interesting.
Let's for a moment model out the
following scenario with no ratchet,
meaning this will be an offer, just
let's assume a normal merger, a regular
merger, which I think might not happen.
I think there might be a ratchet. I will
explain this in a second, but let's for
now assume this is a regular merger and
that is exactly the numbers we're
looking at, right? And in order to
actually determine what the final deal
will be for us as Tesla shareholders, we
have to look into the future and say,
well, at the offer we have now a firm
price of $600, let's say for Tesla, that
we will get. We will get,
you know, baked in a $1.88 trillion
market cap. The offer that will be made
maybe in July is we will get $1.88
trillion for Tesla, end of story. Okay,
that is the offer we have to vote on.
But what does that mean in terms of the
currency that's being used? The currency
that's being used is SpaceX shares. In
order to determine that, we have to use
SpaceX share price today and assume the
percentage change from today, from $183,
to the moment where the deal actually
closes, which will be at the day of the
vote, roughly, right? And just to show
you where SpaceX is right now, here you
have, of course, the share price, pretty
wild, right, since IPO. So it IPO'd down
here at 161, went up to $218,
which is nuts, right? And then fell
dramatically to 185, in total 14% up in
5 days since IPO, but in between 30% up
and then, you know, 20% down. In other
words, SpaceX is extremely volatile
right now. And you know my prediction
that SpaceX will go to IPO price or
below, because right now we have a lot
of unlocks coming. We have 5% float of
the total shares. 5% of SpaceX shares
are currently being traded. That might
go up all the way to 20% very soon and
most of these shares coming into the
market will be selling pressure as
opposed to now where most of the trading
is buying pressure because of the index
inclusions. So SpaceX is likely to going
to stay here and maybe go up a little
bit over the next 2 3 weeks and then
starting in August will crash a little
bit or a lot. That is kind of nearly
inevitable and that has nothing to do
with the long-term outlook or the
one-year two-year outlook for SpaceX
which is a tremendous company, in my
opinion the most important company that
ever existed, in my opinion currently
totally undervalued. I'm still not
buying a single share right now because
I'm very sure I get it much cheaper very
soon.
So that is the situation with SpaceX.
Why am I am I saying this? Because it's
very clear. Hey, on this channel we do
something very important. We deeply
analyze, understand, and predict
capital, AGI, and politics. Not just to
beat the markets and make a lot of
money, even though that's important, but
also to build a new society and make the
future good for all of us, the pioneers.
If you want to help me on this journey,
you can do that by doing a very simple
thing. Like and subscribe. It helps me a
lot. Thank you so much for your support
and let's get back to the video. That's
SpaceX is very volatile and so the least
likely outcome here is that let's say in
November is the vote. Let's go through
the merger. Let's assume we get an offer
in July just for fun. Let's assume we
get a $1.88 trillion market cap offer
for Tesla in July. The vote will be
earliest
in October because that needs to be
registered, there needs to be a wait
time, there needs to be decision-making
by the shareholders. So maybe you have a
vote in October, or maybe the earliest
in somewhere in September, or more
likely in November at the shareholder
meeting. So, there will be multi-month
lag between the offer and the vote.
So, imagine that someone comes to you
and say, "I'm buying your Tesla shares
for 600 bucks." Then you're going to be
happy, maybe. But you're going to ask,
"Do I get dollars? Do I get euros?" And
they say, "No, you get SpaceX shares."
And then you say, "But how are these
SpaceX shares valued? I need to know
that." And then the answer is, "I don't
know. You have to vote on it and then we
see when you vote what the value of
SpaceX is." That is the problem here.
Now, that introduces risk. That
introduces enormous risk for Tesla
shareholders because they don't know
what they're going to get, and they have
to wait until the day of the vote to
make their minds up by looking at
SpaceX. Let's go through some scenarios
what that means in the end. If the offer
is $600, 50% premium for Tesla over the
current share price, and we vote, let's
say in November, if you have 0% change
uh change in the SpaceX price, and the
price just happens to be 183, and the
market cap just happens to be the
current market cap of 2.43 trillion, the
Tesla percent of the new entity will be
44%.
The Tesla-SpaceX ratio will be 0.77,
right? Meaning Tesla will own we as
Tesla shareholders will own 44% of the
new entity, and that means the SpaceX
shareholders will own
46 uh 56% of the new entity, okay? The
ratio from the SpaceX uh perspective of
course
uh will be 0.77, but uh So, roughly 2/3
No, not 2/3, like a little less than 2/3
will be owned by Tesla uh by SpaceX
shareholders.
If SpaceX goes up 20%,
and the share price is at 220, which it
already was, by the way, a day ago or 2
days ago,
and the market cap is 2.9 trillion, then
Tesla only gets 30%
&gt;&gt; And the market cap is 2.9 trillion, then
Tesla only gets 39% of the new entity.
Or in other words, then we have a true
2/3 owned by SpaceX of the entire new
entity, and 1/3 owned by Tesla of the
new entity. Should SpaceX drop by the
date of the vote 20%, share price goes
to 146, close to IPO price, still higher
but close.
Uh we have nearly a one-to-one merger,
1.94 trillion market cap versus Tesla
acquisition at 1.88, assuming 50%
premium, 50% one-to-one.
Should SpaceX drop 50%? I'm not sure
it's going to drop 50%, but might drop
30 or 40%.
And it's exactly timed like that, by the
way. If the vote is in November, we
might hit the low for SpaceX.
Then suddenly the whole thing changes,
and Tesla owns 61% of the new entity.
Okay? And Tesla now has nearly 2/3 of
the new entity, and SpaceX has 1/3 of
the new entity. By the way, if you're
confused about that, if you say, "Joe,
how's it possible that SpaceX can buy a
company that is bigger than itself?"
That's not a problem at all. I pointed
out 36 billion shares are currently
authorized on the SpaceX side. 13
billion are outstanding, which means
SpaceX has nearly twice the amount of
shares for acquisitions and other
purposes. Twice the amount of shares
than the entire share base of itself.
So, it can easily do this transaction.
It has already the shares authorized. It
doesn't even need the board to issue
more shares. It already has a massive
amount of share shares. And by the way,
I think Alexandra and some other people
said, "Joe, that's totally normal. I see
all these companies who have all these
shares." Believe me, I have managed
companies. I have owned majorities of
companies. I have never seen authorized
shares being 200%
or 300% in the case of SpaceX,
authorized shares being 300%
of outstanding shares. You have to
understand like the outstanding shares
are the amount of shares that actually
are used, that are owned by people. The
authorized shares are all shares that
have been authorized by the board. You
authorize shares as a company cuz you
have some sort of plan. You have some
sort of foresight. You say for example
employee options pool. You have 10 to
20% in an employees options pool. Right?
If you have 10 billion shares, you have
another 2 billion shares shelved. You
know, I have 10 billion shares that
investors and
you know, founders own. And then you
have maybe 2 billion shares authorized
on top of it so you can issue it to new
people. Maybe you authorize 50% or 5
billion more if you have a major
acquisition eyed, but you do not have
300%
of shares authorized. That's a little
weird. So, it's not weird in this case
because we know what they are planning
to do. So, it is absolutely possible.
So, here you see the problem. The
acquisition offer will be in absolute
dollars. In absolute dollars, we don't
know what we get in SpaceX and here you
have scenarios that show you how
different the outcome can be and there
you have the problem. Now, I have an
idea of course that I mentioned, but I
think it was a little unclear back then
what I exactly meant because we need a
table to explain this and I think uh you
know, I had the discussion with Herbert
as a moderator and Alexandra, but I
think here we need to be a little more
clear. Let me explain how this would
actually look like with
a ratchet. Now, first, why do we need
the ratchet? We need the ratchet because
we need some sort of certainty by the
Tesla shareholders what they actually
get.
And a ratchet would mean that there is
an offer being made for a premium on
Tesla's share price as before. For
example, right? The premium could be
50%.
So, SpaceX, let's say in 3 weeks, says,
"We are offering to acquire Tesla for
$1.88 trillion market cap payable in
SpaceX shares, the equivalent of a $600
share price of Tesla, and Tesla
shareholders can vote for it."
Now, Tesla shareholders are going to
say, "That's maybe fine with me. I like
that. What I don't like is that we are
getting paid in SpaceX shares, and no
one knows what that stuff is actually
worth. If SpaceX goes up a lot or gets
hyped up a lot, I'm getting much less in
terms of the total new entity than if
when Tesla uh when SpaceX drops a lot.
So, then Tesla basically wants SpaceX to
drop as much as possible and not go up."
Cuz the more SpaceX goes up, the less
Tesla gets, and the more SpaceX drops,
the more uh Tesla shareholders get.
That's not great, because they're going
to say, "Well, fine. If SpaceX drops
50%, I'm all for that deal. But if
SpaceX goes up from here, and it's
already inflated, I'm totally voting
against that deal." And that would mean
that the SpaceX board doesn't know
what's going to happen. And that is very
bad if we do not know what's going to
happen. There's also an incentive of the
SpaceX shareholders to push the stock up
as much as they can so they get Tesla on
the cheap. So, there's a whole range of
bad incentives that is happening here,
okay? And I don't think we can have
that, especially with a small float and
so on and so forth. It just opens the
door for massive manipulation and
resentment and no votes and lawsuits.
So, what is the alternative? It's my
ratchet. What is a ratchet? The ratchet
introduces a different deal or an
addition, an addendum to the deal. It
says, "We are offering 50% premium, so
you get your $600 per Tesla share, 1.88
trillion in market cap. We are paying
with SpaceX shares,
but at the same time, we put on an
addendum that you get at a minimum
one-to-one
ratio. Tesla shareholders will get
By the way, this is a mistake here. That
is a mistake here. I have to fix it.
Tesla shareholders get at a minimum
Tes- sorry.
Not G50. Oops. That means F50 divided by
E50. So, Tesla shareholders get $600 per
share, 1.88 trillion, unless SpaceX is
worth more than 1.88 trillion at the
moment of the deal, at the moment of the
vote, in which case, they get a
one-to-one deal. In other words, it's
very simple, the ratchet. The ratchet
says, "You're getting acquired for 1.88
trillion, or for the amount SpaceX is
worth at that moment, whichever is
larger. Okay?"
That's a one-line addendum, a one-line
addition to the deal. We will buy Tesla
at the moment of the yes vote of the
Tesla shareholders for 1.88 trillion, or
the amount of total SpaceX market cap,
whichever is greater.
In legal terms, we will acquire Tesla
for the greater of either 1.88 trillion,
which represents a 50% premium over the
Tesla share price right now, or the
SpaceX market cap. Boom.
Now, if you have that deal, here's how
it looks like. If there's no change in
in SpaceX's share price by November or
whenever that vote is,
Tesla gets acquired for 2.43 trillion
representing a share price for Tesla of
778,
meaning Tesla owns 50% of the new entity
and SpaceX owns the other 50%. If SpaceX
goes up 20% to 220 to 2.9 trillion
dollars market cap, Tesla will be
acquired for 2.9 trillion representing a
$933
share price, also representing 50%. If
SpaceX falls 20% from here to $146 share
price at the moment of vote,
representing a 1.94
trillion dollar market cap, Tesla will
be acquired for 1.94 trillion because
it's still bigger than 1.88 trillion,
representing a $622 share price, and
also will own 50%. So, you see, Tesla
always ends up with 50%. If If SpaceX
falls 50% from here, very prob- very,
very possible, let's say, right? Very
possible. Maybe 40%, maybe 50%, maybe
30%. And at a share price of 92 below
IPO and a market cap of 1.22 trillion,
Tesla will be acquired for 1.88
trillion, the greater of the market cap
or 1.88 trillion. In this case, 1.88
trillion representing a share price of
$600. Now, Tesla owns 61% of the new
entity, nearly 2/3 of the new entity,
because it's not Tesla shareholder's
problem if SpaceX goes down because they
want to get paid. But if SpaceX goes up,
it is shareholders. It is also not Tesla
shareholder's problem because they go up
with it. That's why it's a ratchet. It
only goes up. It cannot go below the
offer price.
And that is in a nutshell what I think
has to happen. If we don't have a deal
like this and instead have a deal like
this here, this is very bad and
introduces all kinds of risks. No
ratchet, no deal.
It's not that simple. You can just try
it, but that would be extremely a
beginner mistake because in that case,
if SpaceX then gets hyped by
manipulators, for example, and I'm not
saying the SpaceX shareholders currently
are manipulating this, but all kinds of
people could manipulate this trying to
push the share price up to get the
cheapest possible Tesla acquisition,
which then prompts all the Tesla
shareholders to vote no, would be very
annoyed, and then a wave of lawsuits for
all kinds of issues here. The ratchet
takes care of that and presents a very
stable and clean deal. It says, "We are
acquiring you for 1.88 trillion with
SpaceX shares. Unless SpaceX market cap
is above that, in which case you get a
one-to-one deal." Which translates at
the moment of deal at some significantly
higher share price than $600 or 50%
premium for Tesla, but it also takes off
all the debates about is it overvalued?
Is it a trick?
Here you have my theory. Let's see what
happens. I believe this deal is
happening sooner than later. I believe
it's going to happen at a firm dollar
offer because that's how all deals work,
and I believe there must be some sort of
ratchet like this to stabilize the deal
and enable a clean vote. So, now you
know exactly what I think. Let me know
in the comments your opinions, and I
hope to see you very soon.