Channel:     jobhakdi
Title:       Will Tesla Stockholders GET SCREWED In The SpaceX Merger? - FULL ANALYSIS
URL:         https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4-lCBkAz0-U
Published:   2026-05-14 19:33 UTC
Fetched:     2026-05-14 20:00 UTC

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

The great story of our time that is now
evolving around AI, around Tesla and
around SpaceX is of course the data
centers in space. This amazing and
unbelievably
big business idea, not just business
idea but economic concept and
civilizational concept to bring AI
compute into space. solve the space and
energy problem by turning the power of
the sun through solar flux into an
infinite source of energy that is then
directly converted into intelligence and
therefore giving humanity infinite
growth space infinite ability to solve
all problems ability I'm not saying we
solve all problems but at least capacity
to solve all problems to design any
future we want to become reality
engineers on steroids and to have the
first infinitely scalable business model
by creating more and more satellites
throughout the entire solar system until
we cover the sun and have our great
Kadeshv 2 civilization. Unbelievable
stuff that is so unbelievable because it
is actually believable because everyone
now agrees on Wall Street in
institutional investments. Fidelity, I
heard the head of private investments
for Fidelity, which is a very
conservative organization, agreeing with
me. They're on board. They are saying
this is happening. Let that sink in. And
of course, there's a huge debate now
between the Tesla shareholders, among
themselves, among ourselves here on X,
on YouTube. And a fight is emerging
between those Tesla shareholders who
say, "Yes, merge me. Merge me great Elon
into SpaceX so we become one and
dominate the universe." And the other
side of the equation that says, "Wait a
moment. I want my money. I invested in
Tesla. We are now at the inflection
point of cashing in into the robo taxi
trajectory. SpaceX is nice, but it's pie
in the sky and it's not going to happen
anytime soon. It's going to be
overvalued at IPO and then drop. Whereas
Tesla explodes, if you merge me now,
you're abusing my patience. You're
abusing the cash flow that's coming in
to fund a pie in the sky project, a very
big pie in an infinite sky, but still
it's too far out. And I want today for
the first time on YouTube or X and the
entire community here of investors and
analysts and opinion leaders provide you
with a quantitative model that actually
solves the problem. Not by telling you
what you have to think. Not by telling
you if rebellionire is right or
Alexander Mertz is right or who is
right. That's not the business I am in.
I don't care who's right. I just provide
you a first quantitative model for share
prices, more specifically market caps
because we don't have a share price for
SpaceX yet to shed some light on how I
project the future of these two
companies of the merged entity and how
this all comes together. Now, I was
inspired to do so, by the way, today by
Rich Chu, who wrote this very critical
assessment takedown of me and my take on
rebellionaire and my response to him or
them. Uh, and of course here my my Trump
Elon commentary in a nutshell. You
should read that. It's on X. Go on my X
and I reposted it uh and commented on
it. First of all, kudos to Rich. I have
nothing against criticism. I invite
criticism and critical debate. And if
you want to say, "Joe, you're stupid."
Please do it as Rich did it because Rich
did it respectfully, very good points
and helps me to refine the model and
argue back, maybe even refine what I
think because criticism is good if it's
fact-based and logically argued and not
at hominemum attacks. Like when I talk
about Iran, I get all kinds of crazies.
Here Rich, I invite criticism like that.
Let me explain what Rich said. Joe again
again disappointed by your view on the
Tesla SpaceX merger. So Rich is
generally someone who likes my views as
he says later, but on the SpaceX Tesla
merger, he disagrees with my view that
the merger is good. I'm on board. Go
through with it. That's my view. He said
rather than being a massive bullish
catalyst for Tesla as claimed by you,
it's not exactly what I said. the 1:1
merger could actually be a significant
downside risk for Tesla shareholders.
Okay, now Rich elaborates first. He says
the assumption that SpaceX's higher
valuation will pull Tesla up ignores the
mechanics of an IPO. If Tesla if SpaceX
goes public soon now in June, its
initial high valuation will likely be
driven by a massive supply demand
imbalance as demand from retail
investors and passive index funds vastly
outpaces the available float. He's right
about that. Yes, IPOs are boosted
because of the imbalance. They are
boosted unjustifiably
from a fundamental perspective. I
totally agree. I said the same thing. By
the way, once the lock up period expires
and insider shares flood the market, the
artificial scarcity vanishes. If Tesla
is pegged to one with an asset that
starts experience a post hype valuation
correction, SpaceX will act as an anchor
dragging Tesla down, not a magnet
pulling it up. I 100% agree. I think
Rich elaborated on this very very in a
very sophisticated way and I
wholeheartedly agree this is exactly
what's going to happen
only that I wouldn't call it it's
dragging Tesla down but the boost that
we initially get will go down it will
deflate there's no doubt about that that
SpaceX in my mind will deflate over time
over the next 12 months after having a
boosted IPO because that's how it is
overvalued going down a little bit how
much we have to see second Rich says The
two companies have diverging duration
profiles. I agree too. Right now they
are completely different stages in their
capital and monetization cycles. I
wouldn't say completely different stages
but different stages. SpaceX is lagging
Tesla of course in unlocking this super
duper cash flows even though Starink is
a significant currently ramping
opportunity. Not as big as Robo Taxi but
massive. We are talking trillion dollar
revenue. Tesla's duration profile is
actively improving. Not just improving
Tesla's is exploding. I would argue with
the robo taxi network ramping up, we are
entering the harvest season. I will
comment on that. I totally agree too.
But when is the harvest season? Is it
now or is it in 2027? We can't be
totally sure on that. On the other hand,
SpaceX is moving in the opposite
direction. While Starling is a great
business, the new orbital data center
narrative is highly capital inensive and
years away from maturity. It is
essentially a pie in the sky story for
the next 3 years.
I also agree to a very large extent even
though the devil is in the details and
the next three years that's debatable.
What if it's the next two years? What if
robo taxi is actually delayed a little
bit and it's not this year but early
next year? What if the data centers are
not a pie in the sky server for the next
3 years but for the next two years?
Suddenly the whole argument shrinks
together and only one year lag is in
there. So I will get into that in a
second with a model with a quantitative
mini model. The bottom line is, says
Rich, if a onetoone merger happens,
Tesla shareholders are essentially being
asked to trade a stake in a company that
is finally realizing its long-term
evaded autonomous cash flows for a stake
in a company that is burning billions to
build out space infrastructure. Yes,
that is also entirely right. It is
entirely plausible and I'd argue highly
probable that over the next 3 years
Tesla valuation goes up organically
based on real robbo taxi revenue while
SpaceX's valuation stagnates or even
declines substantially. I agree it's
plausible, but I don't agree it's highly
probable over the next three years. I
think he's right over the next two
years. That makes a big difference. As
we will see in a second, the more I
think about this murder, the more
certain I am that I will vote against it
based on both short-term and long-term
reasons. What if Tesla can acquire a
much smaller SpaceX? And now we get into
hypotheticals. Of course, that's never
going to happen because Elon is in
charge and he's not going to do it. So
which is a part of our consideration.
Elon is just in charge. Okay, let's face
it. And voting against the merger is
just going to derail the plan. It's not
going to put another plan in place.
That's maybe a bad moral argument, but
it is a strong factual argument. Also, I
can now clearly see that there is a
systematic and coordinated push by those
manipulators. They first tried to sell
the plot of SpaceX acquiring Tesla at a
premium of only two 20 to 30% likely due
to the strong push back from retail
investors. They're pushing for the
so-called merger of equals. However, by
just using common sense, this these
manipulations can be seen through as a
direct hit to Tesla's shareholders
interests. Here we got getting a little
bit into conspiracy theories, even
though sometimes conspiracy theories are
a good thing because they're
conspiracies. I don't think there is
like a plan to do these things. And then
Rich concludes, I'm deeply disappointed
that even Joe appears to be siding with
the manipulators, abandoning his
typically cool analytical approach. So,
first of all, I never side with anyone.
I just have my opinions. Other people
have their opinions and sometimes we
have the same opinions. That's that's
it. And I do not care if I look like
siding with someone or being against
someone. You can also see it with Trump.
I was extremely supportive for Trump. I
was very critical with Trump with Iran.
I think it's a disaster. I think he now
did the right thing. And now I'm very
pro Trump, what he's doing in China and
the things on remigration and all these
things that are actually good. I'm not
on anyone's side. I'm on the side of
everyone in the sense that I want the
best outcome for all of us. Let's go to
my model and shed some light on what's
actually happening here. So I created
this little model here, very condensed.
Okay, very condensed. And I want you to
pay a little bit attention for a minute
even though it's just a table. Here's my
argument. Here is my argument when I
thought this through. First of all, we
have Tesla's market cap. This is based
on my on Pioneer Treasuries and Pioneer
Reserves analytical work, my work where
we project Tesla's market cap. I'm not
going to go into all the details. This
is a discounted cash flow model, pretty
conservative on the math. Um, base
expectations on Roboax and Optimus. And
I'm getting to these numbers by December
20289 1.5 trillion for June 2026
or May whatever like now right we are at
1.4 trillion we might go to 1.5 trillion
very soon in the next couple of weeks
let's say it's 1.5 trillion let's say at
the merger we get 2.2 trillion because
SpaceX is actually going to go IPO for
2.2 trillion which I think is realistic
but who knows like whatever the number
is that's the magnet effect that's a 46%
increase in share price for Tesla if
that link happens okay just to
understand that my projection for Tesla
without the merger this is without the
merger by the way is that we end up at 2
trillion end of this year uh based on
fundamentals that that's the fair value
of Tesla end of this year we go to 3
trillion next year we go to 5 trillion
2028 and 8 trillion 2029 just based on
basic relatively reasonable robo taxi
scaling and Optimus scaling later on.
Right? So maybe people think I'm crazy,
maybe people have higher numbers, lower
numbers, I don't care. I'm pretty
convinced this is the most reasonable
projection of Tesla. Here you see the
growth rate. Uh so this is a little
confusing here because that's the growth
over the merger. So we are growing
roughly, you know, 46% this year, 50%
next year, 66% the year after, and 60%
the year after. super high keer of
course as I said this is all like of
course scenarios can go worse can go
better whatever this is the most likely
outcome as we see it that's the rational
perspective on Tesla if you're just
rational looking at the facts projecting
out come out with a reasonable base
model that is how much money we would
make as Tesla shareholders without a
merger we go from 1.5 trillion to 8
trillion now it's getting a little more
speculative but let me make my case here
I think SpaceX goes and This is by the
way much less reliable than my Tesla
model because we are currently working
with my analyst team on figuring that
out and having more robust data. But
what I see so far here is a reasonable
guess. This is so don't blame me if I
change these numbers in two or 3 weeks
when we have more robust projections.
But my gut tells me that's roughly what
we are looking at. Okay, I do think 2.2
trillion likely. I absolutely agree with
Rich see a deflation after the IPO. who
we might end up in December
significantly below that. I think 30%
down very likely, very possible because
let's face it, a 500 PE is not the
smartest thing to do. So, it's super
hyped because it's such an insane
opportunity, but we have a long way to
go to get significant cash flows into
SpaceX. And with significant, I don't
mean 100 billion in Starink. I mean like
significant for a company that wants to
be valued at, you know, trillions and
trillions of dollars. So, yes, I think
we deflate. I think by end of 2027 there
will be ups and downs but I don't the
most likely outcome is we are still
below the IPO by end of next year
because of the lagging cash flow. Now I
will comment on this in a second. I do
think we will have an upside surprise in
the speed of orbital AI buildout and by
additional contracts on Starlink that
are not being accounted for. And we will
I will have much more coming. We are we
are preparing a big push into SpaceX
analytics. They we find all kinds of
super interesting things there. All
kinds of additional business model,
information as a service, national
security, tons of stuff. So plus my core
thesis is that people are wrong on the
timeline of orbital data centers. I
think this will happen faster than
people think.
conditional on Starship being ready this
year and then being scaled in 2027. I
don't know. That's the key risk for for
SpaceX is will Starship be delayed in
commercial operations. But I think we
definitely cross the Rubicon on
Starship. This is not going to get
delayed endlessly. I think SpaceX will
be at two trillion end of 2027 roughly
and then will go on its growth
trajectory and that growth trajectory
will absolutely beat Tesla. Tesla will
grow at 50% or something a year, maybe
40% then long term. Uh based on optimism
and everything, I think SpaceX will grow
sustainably faster and will kick in into
hyper growth here and then flatten out a
little bit, but it will flatten out not
at Tesla's growth rate, but at a higher
growth rate because their market is
infinitely bigger than Tesla's because
it's infinite. We have to understand
Space AI is infinite. you can just scale
the hell out of it. You will run out of
material on Earth, but then you have a
moon base and you can just scale that at
maximum speed into infinity. That's what
most economists and people of course
don't understand. But everyone who's a
little logical understands, yeah,
infinite demand for intelligence until
something bad happens. That's a
different story. So that's how I see it.
Okay, that's the most reasonable thing.
And you see a little bit what Rich was
saying is actually true. only it's more
compressed than he thinks and maybe the
upside is a little more aggressive. So
he's right. We are going up, then we are
going down, then we are flat, and then
we are going up. Only that I think we
are going up already again in 2028.
So I made it simple. Assumed a merger of
equals. And now we get to the
interesting thing. Here is your growth
rate for Tesla growing up 40 40 or we we
grow
37% in 2025, grow 50% next year, 66% in
2028. I'm talking stock price and 60%
here. That's the money you get. 37% 50%
66% 60% beautiful amazing okay if we
merge with SpaceX and this is just being
summed up there might be some little
additional synergies but it's just
summed up here's the growth you get okay
you still get your 37%
or you're getting a little like this is
actually a bad number I didn't even
compute exactly how much you get here
that's bad but in 2027 you're getting
38% instead of 50% you're getting 38%.
Rich is correct that for the next 18
months we are looking worse. Okay, for
the next 18 months the odds that a
SpaceX merger is bad for Tesla
shareholders is high. I would bet on the
merger between SpaceX and Tesla for the
next 18 months until end of December or
whatever it is 20 months until the end
of next year will be worse. But it will
not be much worse. Instead of if you
invest a million now in well not now if
you invest a million after the merger
instead of making 500,000 bucks on your
million you make 380,000
bucks and 89,000 bucks. So sure it's a
little short changing but then you see
what happens in my first real rough
model already. If you invest a million
here you make 800,000 bucks and with
Tesla you only make 666,000 bucks. Then
you make 600,000 bucks with Tesla and
here you make 880,000 bucks in the
combined entity. And that exactly
reflects this model exactly reflects
what my gut also tells me in an on an 18
months horizon from now. SpaceX Tesla
merger is bad for Tesla shareholders but
not really bad. Hey on this channel we
do something very important. We deeply
analyze, understand, and predict
capital, AGI, and politics. Not just to
beat the markets and make a lot of
money, even though that's important, but
also to build a new society and make the
future good for all of us, the pioneers.
If you want to help me on this journey,
you can do that by doing a very simple
thing. Like and subscribe. It helps me a
lot. Thank you so much for your support.
And let's get back to the video. It's
just not as good as not merging on the
share price by December 2027 if we would
merge basically in the second half of
this year in 2026.
But already in 2028, already starting
after 18 months from now, after 20
months from now, the merged entity will
outperform Tesla. And of course, on a
long horizon, you already win by 2029.
the whole merger will already have made
more money to Tesla shareholders than
Tesla would have alone. That is my first
take. I wanted to present this to you
guys so you understand how I think
around that. This reflects roughly
exactly what my gut tells me. This is I
have high conviction in this piece. I
have medium to high conviction in this
piece directionally. But don't blame me
when we come out at 8 bill 8 trillion or
10 trillion or 11 trillion here. Uh
because I don't know yet. we have to you
know we don't have a re refined model
yet for SpaceX. So these numbers are a
little bit up for debate but
directionally that's exactly what I
believe will happen that by do by
December 2029 SpaceX alone would be
bigger than Tesla because people do not
fully comprehend what is happening on
Earth. What is happening with data
centers? what is happening to the human
civilization and economy and the role AI
plays in it and the role data centers
play in AI and the energy bottlenecks
that are happening and the enormous
trillions, tens of trillions dollars of
pressure on getting this to space. There
is literally no limit to the power and
money that pushes this to space. And
everything hinges on Starship being
ready. And if you believe Starship will
be commercially ready next year and will
we will be able to produce hundreds of
these things next year, maybe by 2028,
then there is no holding back. This will
be by an enormous distance the biggest
business model ever invented by it is
not even close. It's going to be
ridiculous. Why am I saying this?
Because artificial intelligence AGI
which is here now we have completely
reached and breached economic AGI.
That's a different video. We are at the
bridge point in the next I would say 3
months to achieve more or less complete
economic AGI total replacements of white
collar jobs and from there just upwards.
Now we have created a situation where
the entire civilizational value creation
is being funneled into the central
bottleneck of AI and so everything
humans do the entire human economy is
literally focused on SpaceX. That's what
it is because there is no way out of the
energy problem. There's just no way out
other than space actually out and
everything on that front is more or less
ready. This is all child's play in terms
of R&amp;D what has to happen on these
satellites. The only non-ch child's play
is Starship and this thing is more or
less ready. That's how I see it. There
you have the numbers on an 18month
horizon. I think it's bad for Tesla
shareholders. On an 18 months plus
horizon, I think it's very good for
Tesla shareholders. I hope that was
helpful. Let me know what you think. We
will refine this model and get you much
more accurate data very soon or
predictions. Keep watching what's
happening here and see you very soon.