Channel:     futureaza
Title:       Tesla and SpaceX Are Heading for a Showdown
URL:         https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s3n3hWAoiiE
Published:   2026-06-26 12:00 UTC
Fetched:     2026-06-26 13:00 UTC

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

you know, there's probably some people
in the audience right now that only have
a hundred shares of Tesla and you know,
so right now there it's worth about, you
know, $40,000.
Um, and maybe uh maybe they they bought
100 shares of of SpaceX. So now they
got, you know, 200 shares between the
two. Um, and if it 10x's
um that would probably result in, I
don't know, $800,000 in their in their
pension fund. um which most people think
it's going to 10x both of them actually
more than 10x. So for most people that
would be a killer deal.
&gt;&gt; Tesla versus SpaceX. It's a battle
royale. It's one for the ages. Who will
come out on top? And why on earth would
I even phrase it this way? Well, it's
because a lot of people have a question.
One question is if I want to invest in
just one of the two over the next 5 to
10 years, which one has the greater
upside potential? That's a very valuable
question. And others are saying, well,
if there's a merger, I'm going to make
sure I'm in the one that gets the better
deal out of it, which is to presume that
one company will get the short end of
the stick and that it will not be a
merger of equal values. Both are
difficult to assess. So, what we're
going to do, when I say we, I mean Randy
Kirk is joining me. We are going to go
ahead and look at some of the upcoming
things in the SpaceX uh space and the
Tesla space and determine which one is a
better investment. I'm Brian. Welcome to
Futurza.
&gt;&gt; So Randy, I found this article on
everyone's favorite. This is uh you know
the financial world's high school
newspaper of reporting Yahoo Finance. Uh
which Elon Musk company is the better
investment? And I think it's a good
question, but I've read this article.
I'm not going to read it again. Um let's
start with a premise and then we'll go
through some of the product lines and
see what we can make sense of. off the
top of your head, someone comes to you
today says, "Look, in my retirement, I'm
only allowed to pick one individual
stock. The rest has to be in uh Beanie
Babies and Funkos, which one's going to
have more upside over 5 to 10 years,
assuming they don't merge, for example."
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Yeah. So, let me just start by
saying something I don't say very often.
It's unknowable.
&gt;&gt; Okay?
&gt;&gt; It is completely unknowable. Let me give
you three reasons why it's unknowable.
We have no idea what this data center in
space thing is going to turn out to look
like. It could be it could be so big
that we that we don't have a clue. Then
there's then there's this whole whole
issue of the um uh uh micro macro hard.
Is the macro hard going to be more
towards SpaceX or more towards Tesla
with the with the uh digital optimist? I
mean, one after another, you've got the
And then you could go on to the other
side of the coin and you could talk
about what's going to happen with these
uh optimi are optimi going to really get
to a 100 million or a billion units a
year if they do? I mean, I think it's g
probably going to be game over, but
Brian Wong right now who does this way
in way more detail than me thinks no,
it'll be SpaceX for sure. And I'm going
billions of Optimize anyway. So, it's
And oh, and by the way, a year ago, we
already thought that Optimus was going
to be the biggest TAM in the world ever.
And now we've added two TAMs since then
that are bigger than Optimus in just
things that Elon Musk is now attempting
to do with these companies. So what
might happen next year in terms of that
brain of his uh in terms of yet another
I mean another perfect example I'm sorry
to go on so long but another perfect
example is what he's done with the
rental of um of the uh the the two data
centers um in SpaceX
&gt;&gt; um uh
&gt;&gt; to to now three clients
&gt;&gt; to now three clients which was an
unknown unknowable except in Elon Musk's
brain I guess you know two months ago
data centers
data centers in space unknown. Nobody
talked about it eight months ago. This
is a completely new concept.
&gt;&gt; So on the unknowable renting it out, I
heard precisely zero analysts uh predict
that one coming. The data centers in
space, there had been white papers
written about it, but it was proved
impossible. Yes.
&gt;&gt; Because the cost of launch is too great.
If only there was a way to get the
launch cost down. uh the the other if
only if only I mean but as we know uh
it's going to be you know uh 20 million
per uh you know probably what a million
per kilogram uh to to orbit if only
there was a way to do that cheaper there
is it's called Starship the space-based
compute the constellation compute may
never happen it may never happen that's
an upside that may or may not come we
don't know today the bean counters will
tell you at what price it makes sense
and that is an everchanging number
because everything changes. The cost of
the compute changes, the cost of the
panels will change. You might have to
make your own, right? We're doing that.
Uh you might uh you will get greater
improvement from the next generation of
chips that will make it more feasible.
Uh and when you say if there's a billion
Optimus bots, it might be game over. Uh
maybe for you. For me, it's definitely
game over. I'm gonna be on a beach
sipping my ties, baby. Uh, and when you
say that the total addressable market
for Optimus is the biggest on Earth, I
think you're forgetting it's also the
biggest on Mars.
&gt;&gt; Oh, yeah. That's true. And
&gt;&gt; there will be Well, the moon is close
enough that we can throw a lot of junk
at it and maybe control it. Who knows?
But Mars is going to be primarily
Optimus
and whatever Optimus showed up inside of
that's going to be it. Uh so couple of
opportunities on the SpaceX side. I'm
going to show a couple of quick slides
here. Um I feel like we may have
mentioned this already. Oh yeah,
Optimus. Uh this is I have a lot of
viewers who are deeply skeptical saying
it'll it'll either never happen or maybe
in 10 years and I say so never is the
wrong answer. Never is too long but 10
years is not something you do when
you're is it's not a possibility.
They're already building a giant
factory.
&gt;&gt; This little guy might make a buck or
two, right? And when I say might, I mean
will. And by a buck or two, I mean maybe
trillions. We don't know yet, but it's
going to be a little bit. Um the the FSD
chips, the neural networks, the autonomy
algorithms. I mean, there's so much
going on in autonomy. The biggest thing
is, and I don't know how many people
heard this, is that you can subscribe to
me and Randy. Uh it's no problem at all.
Uh chips, chips, chips, chips. you can
it's going to be potentially quite huge
and this is a joint venture so it
doesn't matter if they merge or not uh
even semi even mega there are so many
opportunities at both companies and just
by leasing out spare compute uh XAI's
runaway cash frenzy no longer looks
stupid I saw plenty of people
&gt;&gt; Yeah So, so, so on that point, I believe
and many other people I've talked to in
the last few days believe that Elon not
only can and not only has a massive moat
around what I'm going to say, but also
will and is already planning to and has
already picked out buildings to do it in
build out data centers that are not even
designed for their own compute. They'll
be data centers that are designed for
rent from the day one. Mhm.
&gt;&gt; Right. That he has a very good
relationship with Jensen Wong over at
Nvidia. He gets to the top of the pile
because a lot of those companies that
have placed orders do not have the cash
to take delivery. I do not have the
infrastructure to put them into use in a
re what do I got? What am I going to do?
Am I going to buy these chips and then
spend a year building the building while
that money is decaying while I'm paying
debt service? No. It might be better for
your company to let Elon buy it, let
SpaceX buy it, and get it up in a month
and start using it. Um, well, would you
build a factory for me? No. No. No is
the is the short answer on that. Um, and
of course, uh, a lot of it is possible
because of this behemoth of the sky.
&gt;&gt; The largest thing ever flown, unless you
count the meteor that wiped out the
dinosaurs.
&gt;&gt; I see.
&gt;&gt; And you got then you got this thing
here. What's this? What's this? This is
a a satellite or two.
&gt;&gt; And I don't know if you can tell, but
these are this is live. This is where
they are at this moment. These are
actually in motion. They're moving very
slowly because the Earth is fairly large
and it is hard to see uh what's going on
there. But if you go over just the
western US, zoom in enough, you will
actually see that these are in motion.
&gt;&gt; Mhm. Mhm.
&gt;&gt; So that's all uh 12 million subscribers
today plus more coming online all the
time. more commercial customers coming
on, especially those trans oceanic
flights really need this and will pay
for it.
&gt;&gt; All flights need it.
&gt;&gt; Well, all flights need it, but the trans
oceanic ones need it more. I mean, they
you can get pretty good coverage on
rival systems
without
&gt;&gt; Well, I just I just tested your theory.
So, I just got went to and from Hawaii
and last year I went to and from Hawaii.
Last year going to and from Hawaii, I
had Starlink. It was gamechanging. It
was like, "Oh, this is what it's like to
fly and enjoy it." Right. I'm not even
&gt;&gt; But that's over the ocean.
&gt;&gt; Well, yeah, but it doesn't matter if I
was going to New York or not. It's five
hours.
&gt;&gt; Okay.
&gt;&gt; What What matters is the passenger
count.
&gt;&gt; Oh, I see. Well, the size of your the
number of passengers divided by a one
web is fine on a narrowbody 737,
&gt;&gt; but on a but on a widebody,
you know, trip 7 or A330,
&gt;&gt; there's too many people.
&gt;&gt; I we were we were
&gt;&gt; for Yeah, for Starlink it'll work.
&gt;&gt; No, no, I'm saying to going to going to
and from this is on Alaska this time and
Alaska owns Hawaii, but they haven't put
the Starlink on yet. So going to and
from we were on three across from three.
So that's the same kind of same kind I
think that's what you're talking about a
narrow body. Um and they and the and I
paid the eight bucks.
It was just horrible.
I've never paid $8 for something that
was more worthless in my entire life. So
anyway,
&gt;&gt; and you bought a ticket to Jilei uh and
you went to see MorbiiUs a second time.
Is that a better joke?
&gt;&gt; There you go.
That would be honestly
I I I struggle to know which would be
worse. I think I would take the slow
internet. Uh
&gt;&gt; I don't know. The slow internet wasn't
just slow, it was intermittent. Um uh it
was just horrible. And when it's
intermittent, that means you don't give
up on it because oh oh it's coming back,
you know. And so the whole the whole
five hours you're like I have internet
sort of I have maybe I'll have internet
anyway.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. So, uh, I'm just saying I want to
hear from you guys out there in the
comments as to which company do you
think will outperform over the next 5 10
years? Assuming no merger. Once there is
a merger, it'll be hard to know. Uh, but
if there is a merger, then the question
becomes which side of the company will
produce more revenue. The reason uh we
made a video earlier this week
addressing the issue of sandbagging, I
don't believe it's happening. I've seen
no evidence that indicates it's
happening and there are a lot of reasons
why it wouldn't be happening both
practically, ethically, and legally. Uh
but the question is uh the the comment
I'd like to make on that is
Tesla's price to earnings ratio is very
high. I know a lot of people are saying
no, it should be worth this today.
Right? You and I might agree on that.
The fact that it isn't means maybe you
consider it a buying opportunity.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; If if you say it should be valued at 800
today, um if it was at 802, would you
buy it? Because according to that
valuation, it would then be overvalued.
So if you're seeing that's what I did in
2019. I saw Tesla had dipped to 178 and
I said that's wrong. That's the wrong
price. It should be double that. And so
I bought based on that belief. I do not
tell people how to invest. If you look
at almost all my investments other than
Tesla, they do not perform well. So do
not imagine that I am some wise
prognosticator of future stock values.
The time travel commission has made it
very clear I am not permitted to engage
in such behavior.
&gt;&gt; Got it. So,
&gt;&gt; yeah.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; Any any last thoughts on uh I want to
hear your closing thoughts on valuation
one versus the other?
&gt;&gt; Yeah, here's my here's my closing
thoughts. So, you know, there's probably
some people in the audience right now
that only have a 100 shares of Tesla.
Um and you know, so right now there it's
worth about, you know, $40,000.
Um, and maybe uh maybe they they bought
a 100 shares of of SpaceX. So now they
got, you know, 200 shares between the
two. Um, and if it 10x's
um that would probably result in, I
don't know, $800,000 in their in their
pension fund. Um, which most people
think it's going to 10x. Both of them
actually more than 10x. So I for most
people that would be a killer deal. Now,
if it comes if it came out that you
don't like the way the merger is, you
think it's one side or the other didn't
do well, my guess would be that you
could uh just not have to cry. You could
because there's a rule, you should never
cry at a profit, especially if the
profit is 10x. So, I'm figuring it all
this confusion about which company's
going to do better, which company's
going to be worth more, blah blah blah.
know you're going to do just fine um in
this particular investment.
&gt;&gt; I uh
you know I believe you I I haven't sold
my Tesla shares. Um I was unable to get
uh SpaceX at the IPO. I will probably
not buy any unless it gets below the
IPO. Um because
&gt;&gt; you're close right now
&gt;&gt; as this is being shot. Is it 155?
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Well, that's still a long ways to
go. Uh, so still overvalued by 15%. I
don't know. The float was so small, too,
that we don't actually know what it
would settle out at in 10 years. So,
guys, what did we miss? What did we
misunderstand? Leave it in them comments
below. I want to hear your thoughts on
the valuation. What are the upsides?
What are the downsides? What are the
risks and opportunities? Everyone else,
like, subscribe, head over to Ry's
channel where yes, I do read the
comments there as well because, you
know, the videos where we make you
smarter and the comments are where you
make us smarter. Everyone else, stay
tuned, stay juicy, and I can't wait to
hear from you clever robots on the
flippity flop.