Channel:     jobhakdi
Title:       Why THIS Starship Testflight Is CRUCIAL For SpaceX Stock
URL:         https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=i6a8X3f3DR0
Published:   2026-09-24 13:37 UTC
Fetched:     2026-09-24 14:00 UTC

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

The next Starship test flight is coming
and it's called flight 14 as you can see
on the Pioneer Lens tracker page here
and this is a very very important launch
because Starship is going to get tested
in its latest iteration and flight 14 is
what we have to talk about today because
this is not a regular flight. It is very
different from all the flights that have
come before. And why is it so different?
Because this flight 14 here you see the
official announcement, these amazing
pictures from Starbase. This flight 14
is going to test a series of things that
have never been tested before by SpaceX
and make this a qualitative leap forward
in the SpaceX story. That is very
important for the stock. It is very
important for the trajectory of how we
can transport satellites to space and
it's very important for what we observe
here in pioneer lands which is the
trajectory of the AI built out in space
when we transport the data centers into
space with new AI satellites. So this is
all happening in this flight and it's
very very important for us to understand
it. So what is exactly happening here
and why should we watch this test flight
so closely? Well, number one, it is the
first closed orbital flight. So until
now, the first 13 flights only went
suborbital. They don't they didn't go
around the globe multiple times. But
this time we're doing six orbits, 10
hours at roughly 275 kilometers height.
So suborbital is roughly 100 kilometers.
This is much higher and for the first
time we have real payloads in the
rocket. So we have actually 26 Starink
V3 satellites.
26 V3 satellites. This is the new
Starling satellite that's being
transported. And different from the
first time these were transported. This
time they're getting deployed because
you need to be in orbit to actually
deploy them. So, we can look up the
Starling satellites
here and you will see these latest
iteration.
Uh, this is the new Gen 3 Starink and
that was just approved. Uh, they applied
for 100,000 of these satellites, 100,000
of these satellites. Uh, they will be up
323 and 327.5 kilometers as well as 473
and 477 km high. inclinations ranging
from 26 degrees to 90 uh 96.9 degrees.
All sun synchronous meaning these solar
panels of them will face the sun 24/7
for maximum energy collection of course.
So that is that iteration of satellite
and here you see uh some of the
iterations. This is the current one that
is live and V2 these two and V3 is just
massively more powerful in terms of
bandwidth and in terms of how much
communication can go through these
satellites. So these version three
satellites are now on board the new
Starship. It's a huge 10x leap in terms
of improvement over V2 and that is quite
an important story. What does it mean
for the stock and what we are actually
watching here for SpaceX stock? It is
very important that this goes right. It
is a more risky operation but the reward
is much higher. So normally I say
there's not much upside in these
launches but there is significant
downside in the launches. This time I
would say the downside stays probably
the same. If this thing blows up it's
going to be bad. You will have a bad day
with the stock. But if it works, I think
there is upside this time because this
is a very crucial flight. It's a very
crucial flight. It's not yet a
determination if they can catch
Starship. Uh so the reusability will not
be tested at least not directly but
Starship will actually have a bunch of
additional improvements that are going
in this direction because once you have
an orbital flight and really go into
orbit multiple times the re-entry is
much harder for the rocket. So orbital
speed means hotter and higher energy
return when it enters the atmosphere
again. And that means the heat shield
this time, you know, will be really exam
examined. And if it works out, I think
that is a very very strong argument that
we are getting very close
to an actual reuse of that rocket.
And Kathy Woods has provided some math
by the way uh about
these
uh about the potential economics. We
will cover this in a different video,
but rest assured there's a lot of money
to be made. Maybe the most money ever in
Space One Starship is actually live.
Hey, on this channel we do something
very important. We deeply analyze,
understand, and predict capital, AGI,
and politics. Not just to beat the
markets and make a lot of money, even
though that's important, but also to
build a new society and make the future
good for all of us, the pioneers. If you
want to help me on this journey, you can
do that by doing a very simple thing.
Like and subscribe. It helps me a lot.
Thank you so much for your support. And
let's get back to the video. This is the
Starship that will change everything if
it works.
And here you see basically the latest
iteration of Starship and make sure that
every single time every tile is fully
installed and attached.
&gt;&gt; So this was just something
&gt;&gt; the heat shield tile is essentially just
really fancy glass. One of the key
challenges in general with the heat
shield is there are about 20,000 tiles
on the ship, which means that you have
20,000 opportunities to get it wrong.
And so the act of actually attaching and
installing the tile is one that has to
be undertaken quite carefully to make
sure that every single time every tile
is fully installed and attached.
[music]
&gt;&gt; Our job is it's detailed. You know, we
we got to pay attention to the little
twins. We look at millimeters. I'm a
local. I'm from the valley. I started
here. You know, it makes me proud, you
know, like saying that we're from here,
home of the starship. We came to work
one day, all of a sudden they asked,
"Hey, you got your passport?" I'm like,
"Yeah, I do." Like, "All right, prepare.
You're going to Australia."
&gt;&gt; It felt like one day to another. One day
I was here on Starbase. The other day I
woke up next to Starship in the Indian
Ocean.
So here you see how they actually built
them and then pick the rocket up from
the Indian Ocean. But this is the
problem. You see these and it's not that
these tiles are being tested every
single time the same way. That's what
you have to understand. This is a very
different flight. If it's just
suborbital, the pressure and the heat on
the heat shields on the tiles is much
lower. So the fact that it worked well
before they lost I think a tile here and
there is fine. But that's not really the
proof it works. This flight 14 that is
happening September 28th
next week is going to be much more
testing on these heat tiles. So that is
what the market is also looking at. Will
they succeed in this flight? I think
it's going to be extremely important
this time. So we have to put this on the
agenda and actually take a look at it.
Uh you know that SpaceX stock is you
know doing pretty well. It had a
recovery after we hit this
uh low here after IPO and totally in
line with the Ashen Brena debacle for
the entire momentum market. So it hit
the low exactly as Tesla as all the
other semiconductor
uh stocks and then bump bounced back
very nicely uh saw a little bit of
resistance around that 140 level in the
stock because we have the share unlocks
that we are tracking too by the way here
in Pioneer Lens in the tracker you can
see when the next share unlocks are
coming and they are coming actually very
very soon right you see that down here
in two days uh When I record this, you
probably see this later. September 24th.
So that's Thursday this week is the next
unlock. If you click on here on
pine.org, you see the next unlock. The
next unlock is then October 9th. So the
launch will be right between this unlock
and the next unlock. And each unlock
pushes more shares into the market. And
a certain percentage of these new shares
will be also sold in the market. And
that creates downward pressure. Uh but I
would say in principle
uh the launch if it goes well should be
a strong or significant catalyst
upwards. Of course we don't know if it
goes right. That is the big question
here that we have to figure out. I'm not
going to place a major bet on this whole
thing because you never know with these
flights. I think we have a good
valuation around here 151. This is a
pretty high valuation over $2 trillion
and we know that SpaceX has to deliver
more. So I don't think that this flight
will be like a strategic catalyst but it
will be a validation point if everything
works out fine that will have a
short-term positive effect on the stock
and keeps us on the right trajectory.
If it derails, that can have major
consequences for the long-term outlook.
If these big AI satellites actually get
online in time by end of next year,
that's what I'm projecting. That is when
Nvidia has also projected together with
SpaceX to have their new AI satellite
Vera Rubin rack ready that is dedicated
to space, dedicated to space X by
Nvidia. They want to conclude this in Q4
next year. So everything pushes towards
end of next year being ready as a
starship launchable
uh company. So this satellite here is of
course a communication satellite uh the
Starink V3. The AI satellite much more
important than Starink will be ready end
of next year in my estimate. And then
the question is will Starship be ready
in time too? Reusability is not required
by the way for being ready. But of
course it would be very nice and that is
the big economic promise of Space X and
Starship. So all of that is coming
together in that launch next week and I
hope of course everything goes right.
That would be in the interest of all
pioneers
to see this actually happening. I hope
you guys tune in. [music] We will cover
it here as much as we can. And this is a
great great moment on our [music] path
to becoming a multilanetary species.
Starship is the vehicle that will change
everything if they're really making
work. So I hope you are standing by for
this big test flight six times around
the Earth deploying 26 stalling V3
satellites.
Testing the full true orbital operation
stack circular circ circularization
burn.
Uh the deorbit de-orbiting in back into
re-entry and testing the heat shields.
Uh we will see
if it works. So I hope that was
interesting. [music]
See you then.