Channel:     tesla
Title:       Tesla Q1 2026 Financial Results and Q&A Webcast
URL:         https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qO7T5zgRvXM
Published:   2026-04-22 00:00 UTC
Fetched:     2026-04-23 06:47 UTC

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Heat. Heat.
Heat.
Hey, heat. Hey, heat.
Hey.
Heat. Heat.
Heat up
here.
Heat. Heat.
Hey.
Hey. Hey. Heat. Heat.
Heat. Heat. N.
Heat
up
here.
Hey. Uh uh.
Hey,
hey,
&gt;&gt; hey.
Heat. Heat.
Hey,
hey, hey.
Hey.
Good afternoon everyone and welcome to
Tesla's first quarter 2026 Q&amp;A webcast.
My name is Travis Axarrod, head of
investor relations, and I'm joined today
by Elon Musk, VBA Teneeda, and a number
of other executives.
Our Q1 results were announced at about 3
p.m. Central time in the update deck we
published at the same link as this
webcast. During this call, we will
discuss our business outlook and make
forward-looking statements. These
comments are based on our predictions
and expectations as of today. actual
events or results could differ
materially due to a number of risks and
uncertainties, including those mentioned
in our most recent filings with the SEC.
During the question and answer portion
of today's call, please limit yourself
to one question and one follow-up.
Please use the raise hand button to join
the question queue. Before we jump into
Q&amp;A, Elon has some opening remarks.
Elon.
&gt;&gt; Uh, thank you. So, uh, I think we've got
a very exciting year ahead of us with
2026. Uh, we're going to be
substantially increasing our, um,
investments in the future. So, should
expect to see significant uh, a very
significant increase in capital
expenditures. Uh, but I think well
justified for a substantially increased
future revenue stream. Um, and obviously
Tesla's not alone in this. I think
you've seen
most if not all um certainly the major
technology companies uh substantially
increasing their capital investments um
and uh and and we're going to be doing
the same. I think it's uh it's it's
going to pay off in a in a very big way.
So we're investing in and improving um
our core technologies battery powertrain
uh AI software AI training uh chip
design
uh manufacturing expan uh you know
laying the groundwork for significantly
increased manu uh manufacturing
production
um we are also uh strengthening our
supply chain across the board uh
batteries energy AI silicon everything
um and laying the groundwork, like I
said, for what we expect to be a
significant increase in vehicle
production in the future and of course
uh a very significant increase well uh
actually releasing Optimus. Um but
increasing our internal production for
testing um and then probably being able
to have Optimus be useful outside of
Tesla sometime next year.
Um, as you've heard me say a few times,
I think Optimus will be uh our biggest
product, not just Tesla's biggest
product ever, but probably the biggest
product ever. Um, and uh, and I remain
convinced of that conclusion.
Um,
so, uh, on the vehicle side, it's
always, I think, worth noting that
a Tesla car is incredibly incred
incredible value for money, and they're
they're all autonomy ready, depending on
what uh, uh, part of the world you're
in. The uh, supervised full self-driving
is getting extremely good. Um we have uh
just started production of cyber cabab
um and we'll begin production of our
semi-truck soon. Um now I should say uh
whenever you have a new product uh with
with with a completely new supply chain
new everything uh it's always a
stretched out scurve so you should
expect that initial production of cyber
cap and semi will be very slow uh but
then ramping up uh and and going kind of
exponential towards uh the end of the
year and certainly next year
and uh in fact we'll be ramping up
production of of all vehicles
uh and all factories uh to the best of
of our ability through the balance of
this year.
Um on the energy front uh the United
States and the whole world will need a
lot of energy storage to meet growing
electricity demand. Uh demand for our
mega pack is very strong. Uh, and we're
excited to begin production of Mega Pac
3 later this year in our new worldclass
factory outside Houston.
uh for full stop driving and robo taxi
uh version 14.3 was a major
architectural update and and we have a
whole pipeline of of major improvements
to full self-driving that uh that that
we believe will
um lead to unsupervised full
self-driving
um being available anywhere in the world
that uh it is legal to do so.
Um and then
and then there's a version 15
hopefully later this hopefully by the
end of this year but certainly by early
next year um and that will be a complete
overhaul of the software software
architecture and we'll run on AI4. Um
that's uh and and that at that point
we're really just uh
increasing the safety level of FSD
uh above human safety level even more
meaning I think even within version 14
we're significantly safer than than
human but uh B15 will take that to
another level.
Um we've expanded Grover taxi to Dallas
and Houston uh using the same software
source in the Bay Area. And um the
limiting factor for expansion uh is
really uh rigorous validation making
sure things are completely safe. We
don't want to have a single uh accident
or injury with uh the expansion of robo
taxi and we have to the credit of the
team not had a single one to date.
Uh and then Optimus, we're preparing
Fremont for startup production later
this year with with Optimus. Again,
totally new supply chain, totally new
technology. So therefore, it's the
production scurve is always very slow in
the beginning, but uh we'll ramp up to
significant numbers next year. And we're
constructing a second Optimus factory in
at our Giga Texas location.
Um, and that will probably start
production around summer next year.
Um, the V3 Optimus design is uh almost
ready to demonstrate. I think we want to
just make sure it's like polished. Uh,
like it works functionally, but uh
there's some aesthetic elements uh that
need to be finalized. And um
I think probably middle of this year we
should be able to uh show it off. Um
we're also a little hesitant to show V3
off because we find our competitors do a
frame by frame analysis whenever we
release something and copy everything
they possibly can. So I think there's
some value to you know not showing new
technology until it's uh close to
production.
Um
the uh congratulations to again to the
uh Tesla AI chip team for taping out
AI5. That's going to be a great chip. I
think probably the best ed AI
uh inference chip for edge compute that
exists. Um and certainly unequivocally
the best value for money. um team did a
great job and we're already uh have a
lot of momentum for designing AI6 and
we've begun to discuss uh ideas for dojo
3. Um so this is all very exciting. Um,
we've we've also uh
uh
finalized plans for the uh chip um fab
the research chip fab on the Giga Texas
campus and we'll start construction of
of that this year.
Um in conclusion, uh Tesla is working on
a lot of large ambitious projects.
They're all very very challenging, but I
think they're going to be revolutionary.
Um, and this is what the team does best.
Solve the hardest problems and build
amazing products. And I'd like to thank
the Tesla team for all the hard work and
thank you to all of our supporters.
&gt;&gt; Great. Uh, thank you very much, Elon.
Uh, and Veov also has some opening
remarks.
&gt;&gt; Thanks, Travis. So, 2026 has an has had
an interesting start, not just for us,
but I think the world in general. On the
autos business, we have seen a
resurgence in demand in Amyia and
certain countries like France and
Germany showing over 150% quarter
overquarter growth in deliveries. In
Apac, we've witnessed growth in South
Korea and Japan again in terms of
deliveries. Even out here in the US, we
have seen a slight growth in terms of
quarter quarter deliveries.
On the auto backlog front, we ended the
quarter with the highest Q1 order
backlog in over two years. Whilst the
recent increase in gas prices has had a
positive impact on the order rate, this
improvement started before the uptrend
in gas prices. This is due to the work
done by the Tesla team in bringing more
compelling and affordable vehicles to
market. 10 years back when we launched
model 3 in the US with a promise of
35,000 starting price which if you
adjust today for inflation translates to
about $48,000 in today's dollar terms
the starting price of Model 3 today is
way less than that while the product is
way more compelling from where it
started. Given this setup we're focused
on increasing our overall production
volume something that we already started
in Q1.
This volume increase is evidenced by the
Giga Berlin uh reaching a record output
of over 61,000 units in Q1. We plan to
keep growing volumes further not just in
Berlin but across all our factories. Our
biggest limiter continues to be our
battery pack capacity and we are
actively working on resolving that.
Auto margins excluding credits improved
sequentially from 17.9 to 19.2%. and 2%.
Note that we have had certain one-time
benefits from warranty trowns around 230
million and some relief on tariffs. We
have not realized any benefit from the
recent Supreme Court ruling on IPA
tariffs as there is still a lot of
uncertainty around the final outcome.
Both tariffs and sustained high interest
rates continue to add to our automotive
cost. Interest rate subvention costs are
recognized upfront. If interest rates
continue to rise, our cost of subvention
will continue to impact auto margins.
On the FSD adoption front, we continue
to see improvement reaching nearly 1.3
million paid customers globally. The
bulk of the growth came from
subscriptions while upfront purchases
only increased 7% as we removed the
purchase option in some markets in Q1.
We recently received approvals for FSD
in Netherlands. This sets up us well for
a EUwide approval later in Q2 and you
know we're just gated by how the
regulators go about it. Additionally,
we've also received approvals in China.
uh the broader approval is still not
there but we're working with the
regulators in the country and we're
hoping that we can get approval by Q3.
With these approvals coming through we
expect the broader adoption of the
software in the existing fleet and
incremental demand for our vehicles.
With all this in mind we have evolved
our vehicle sales strategy where we now
emphasize FSD as a product and vehicle
as only the delivery mechanism.
As we have noted previously, the energy
storage business is inherently lumpy
tied to customer deployment timelines.
In Q1, we deployed 6 8.8 Gawatt R of
energy storage, a 38% sequential
decline. However, we still expect 2026
deployments to be higher than 2025.
We set yet another record with gross
margins in this business over 39 and a
half% due to some one-time benefits from
certain tariff recognitions of more than
250 million from certain tariffs which
you had paid in prior quarters
on a normalized basis. We continue to
expect energy compression from here with
increasing competition and tariff
impacts. As previously discussed,
tariffs in this business can have outsiz
impacts as most of the battery cells are
procured from China. Our order backlog
for this business is robust and we're
doing our best to build not based on not
just based on existing demand but also
on expected demand.
Services and others improve sequentially
from 8.8% to 9.2%. This includes a
collection of efforts meant to support
our customers like service centers, used
cars, paid supercharging,
part sales, insurance, and even our
robot taxi business. We're making
deliberate investments in the
infrastructure to help the robot taxi in
the future. We grew the robot taxi fleet
quarter over quarter and we expect to
keep ramping the fleet as we accelerate
and get into other geographies.
On operating expenses side, we there we
did increase uh sequentially from a full
quarter stockbased compensation expense
for the 2025 CO compensation plan for
which one milestone is still deemed
probable. Additionally, our spend on AI
related initiatives including expense on
development of our own AI5 chip and new
products like cyber cap, semi, optimus
and mega block etc. continue to be at a
elevated levels and we expect this trend
to continue for the full year 2026.
Net income was impacted from
marktomarket charges on on our Bitcoin
holdings which depreciated 22% as
compared to the last quarter and the
unfavorable impact of FX primarily from
our large intercompex.
On free cash flow we ended the quarter
with o just over 1.4 4 billion as Elon
mentioned we are in a very uh big
capital in investment phase which is
going to start now and would last a
couple of years. So based on that our
current expectation for 2025 2026 is
over 25 billion of capex
and you know just to remind you we are
paying for six factories which were
going to go into operation. and some
have already started. Some would go into
operation later part of this year. We're
further increasing our investment in AI
related initiatives including the AI
infrastructure to support robotaxi and
the launch of Optimus. We've already
started placing orders for the research
semiconductor flab in Austin and for
solar manufacturing equipment. While
this may seem a lot and we will have the
impact of negative free cash flow for
the rest of the year, we believe this is
the right strategy to position the
company for the next era. We'll make
such investments in a very capital
efficient manner.
We are actively working on our mission
of building a future of amazing
abundance. However, that requires not
just a lot of investment but an immense
amount of execution. The future is going
to be great and the whole Tesla team is
rising to the occasion to make this a
reality. I would like to end by thanking
the Tesla team, our customers, investors
and vendors for having confidence in us
on this journey. Thanks.
&gt;&gt; Thank you very much, Ev. Uh now we're
going to go to investor questions
starting with uh questions from say.com.
The first question is uh when will we
have the Optimus 3 reveal? uh which we
already uh touched on. Um but the rest
of the question is uh when will Optimus
production start since we ended the
model uh X and S production earlier this
uh than mid year and then uh what's the
expected optimist production rate
exiting this year and what are the
initial targeted skills?
Well, as I was saying, um, what we found
is that when we've unveiled various
Optimus versions, we Optimus versions,
we found out how competitors literally
do a frame by frame analysis and copy
everything we're doing. So, I think we
want to push the Optimus 3 um, unveil
maybe closer to production. uh start of
production is um we're assuming is
somewhere
you know somewhere around the late July
August time frame um
and um
I mean just just to inject some reality
into these questions since these
questions are are not you know
who did this forever this question does
not fully understand what happens with a
production line um the the the last uh
SX production will be in early May. Um
but you have to look at the entire
upstream portion of the production line.
So you have to start with you know
sales, battery packs, um you know motor
production, all the parts production.
And so we've been dismantling the SX
production line um you know from the you
know more base level parts basic level
parts to as you get to more larger sub
assemblies you you you start dismantling
the line from the small parts first not
not from the final assembly first. So
the final assembly line will um
that'll be dismantled next month and the
after the last of the uh SX vehicles
done. Now you can't you can't dismantle
some gigantic production line like
overnight. It takes a at least a few
months to do so. Um and then uh you
you've got to install a new production
line. Um, and you've got to provide all
of the the wiring and communication uh
te you know test out the machines um of
of the new production line for Optimus.
So that that also takes several months.
Um so frankly if if we're able to go
from
um stopping production on one line,
dismantling that entire line,
reinstalling a whole new line and
turning that on in a matter of four
months. Uh that is a an insanely fast
speed.
Uh I I don't think any other company on
earth has ever done that before. Just to
put things into perspective and inject
some reality uh into uh the the
situation here. Um
I don't know what the production rate of
Optimus will be this year. It is
impossible to predict these things. Um
the
when you have a uh brand new product in
an entire new entirely new production
line and the and you have 10,000 unique
items all of which have to go right to
ramp production it will move as fast it
will move as fast as the least lucky
slowest dumbest part in the entire
10,000
um and this is a Optimus
uh is is a completely new product with a
completely new production line
um
So, uh
it's uh it's just literally impossible
to predict
um
ex except that I I I think it will be
quite slow at first um as we iron out
the 10,000 plus unique items that have
to be sold for Optimus to um reach
volume production.
um initial skills will be obviously
we're going to start with with simple
skills um in the factory and
and then build up from there.
&gt;&gt; Great. Thank you, Elon. Uh the next
question is what milestones are you
targeting for unsupervised FSD and robo
taxi expansion beyond Austin this year
and how will that drive recurring
revenue?
Um
well we we certainly hope to be have uh
unsupervised FSD or robo taxi um
operating you know in I don't know uh
a dozen or so states. by the end of this
year. Um,
initially, you know, we're we're taking
it very
we're taking a very cautious approach to
the roll out here. Like we we haven't
had any injuries and certainly no
fatalities to date with the unsupervised
unsupervised FSD and robo taxi
expansion. We want to keep it that way.
And so
um
I don't I think probably
uh unsupervised FSD or rover taxi
revenue will not be super material this
year but I do think it will be material.
It'll be material probably in a
significant way next year.
&gt;&gt; Great. Thank you very much. Uh the next
question is when do you expect FSD
unsupervised to reach customer cars?
Um
pro I'm just guessing here but probably
in the fourth quarter. Um
it's it's difficult to release this like
to everyone everywhere all at once
because we we do want to make sure that
they're not unique situations in a city
that you know particularly complex
intersection or you know actually they
tend to be places where where people get
into accidents a lot um because because
they're just you know perhaps there's an
un like I said an unsafe intersection or
bad road markings or um you know a lot
of weather challenges. So so I think we
would release unsupervised gradually to
the customer fleet you know to yeah um
as we feel like a particular geography
is confirmed to be safe.
&gt;&gt; Great. Uh and uh the next question is
how will hardware three cars reach
unsupervised FSG?
&gt;&gt; Uh unfortunately hardware 3 I wish it
were otherwise but hardware 3 simply
does not have the capability to achieve
unsupervised FSD. Um,
you know, we did think at one point it
it would have that, but uh relative to
to hardware 4, it has only 1/8 of the
memory bandwidth of hardware for and and
memory bandwidth is one of the key uh
elements needed for unsupervised FSD.
It's just generally a thing that's
needed for for AI for if you're doing an
auto aggressive transformer memory
bandwidth is the choke point. So,
um, you know, for for customers that
have bought, uh, FSD,
um, what we're offering is essentially a
trade in, like a discounted trade in for
cars that have, um, AI4 hardware. Um
and um and and we'll also be offering
the ability to uh upgrade the car to
replace the uh computer and you also
need to replace the cameras
unfortunately um to go to hardware 4.
Um, so
to do this efficiently, we're we're
going to have to set up uh like kind of
micro factories or small factories uh in
major um metropolitan areas in order to
do it efficiently. If it's because if
it's done just at the service center,
it's it it is extremely slow to do so
and inefficient. So we we basically need
like many production lines to to make
the change. Um,
and um, I I do think over time it's
going to make sense for us to convert
all hardware 3 cars to hardware 4
because that's what enables them to uh,
enter the robo taxi fleet and and have
unsupervised FSD.
&gt;&gt; And for what it's worth, um, in the
meantime, we're going to also release
uh, a V14 version for hardware 3. Uh
this will be a distilled version of the
same V14 software that we released for
hardware 4. Uh and people should be able
to start the drives from park state uh
and basically have all the features that
V14 uh for hardware 4 has and that's
expected to come uh end of June.
&gt;&gt; Great. Thank you very much. Uh the next
question is uh what enabled you to
finish the AI5 tape out early and were
there any changes to the original
vision? Last week Elon said AI5 will go
into Optimus and the supercomputer but
one month ago said it would go into the
robo taxi. Has AI5 been dropped from the
vehicle road map?
&gt;&gt; Well, the reason AI5 tape out finished
early was because the team worked
incredibly hard to make it happen and um
just over time we we we gathered a lot
of momentum. Um but we we did have to
work every weekend for six months
straight including every holiday. So it
was uh a lot of sacrifice by the team
and and I was there of course myself
every weekend. Uh and uh you know
fortunately we didn't encounter any
major we we didn't make any major
mistakes that at least that we're aware
of that required um pushing out the tape
out. So that that the team just did a
great job and worked incredibly hard is
the reason. Um
uh
yeah, I do expect that AI5 will go into
Optimus and into the data center um
because it's it's it's looking like
we'll be able to achieve um unsupervised
self-driving with uh AI4 that is far
greater than human safety levels. So,
um, which means it's it's it's not
certainly not immediately needed in in
the car. Um,
at some point I think it will make sense
for us to switch to AI5 in the car, but
that's but there's not a a pressing
issue to do so. Um,
so but at some point the AI4 hardware is
going to get like so old that it's like
okay uh you know the only reason they're
keeping the factory open is for AI4. Um
we we are planning an AI4
uh upgrade uh to use
newer generation RAM. Uh so it'll it'll
go from uh 16 gigabytes to I think 32
gigabytes per SOC. So a total of 64 GB
um and
um probably a 10% increase in compute in
in sort of into trillions of operations
per second and in memory bandwidth. So
that's uh AI4.1
AI4 plus probably
uh goes into production
middle of next year, I think. Depends.
It's it's depends on on
uh Samsung's doing the modifications for
us, so it sort of depends on on when
they're able to finish that finish those
modifications and bring it to
production.
&gt;&gt; Great. Uh the next question is, uh now
that FSD has been approved in the
Netherlands and is expected to launch
across Europe this summer, can you
discuss your robo taxi strategy for the
region?
Well, we're probably jumping the gun
here on um
robo taxi in Europe since uh it is uh
took us an immense amount of time just
to get supervised self-driving approved
in Europe and uh you know these uh
we don't control the regulators you know
it's uh we push as hard as we can but
but that's it's ultimately up to the to
the
governments in Europe and the EU to
decide what uh what to do. Um
so,
uh yeah, as it is, we've only been
approved in the Netherlands. We expect
to be improved approved in a lot of
other countries
and I think the um supervised FSD goes
to Brussels for EU review um in May.
Yeah. So
um
obviously the the next thing beyond that
is to
um aim for unsupervised self-driving or
rover taxi in Europe. Uh I actually
don't know what the time frame for that
is and would be somewhat at the mercy of
the regulators as to when that approval
would would take place.
And from a technology standpoint, um
what we deployed in Netherlands and
Europe is the same uh exact architecture
uh and the training procedure and so on
except it had more Europe data. Um and I
suspect the same thing will be true for
unsupervised FSD as well. Whatever we
used to solve in the US will work in
other places in the rest of the world
too provided we were able to add the
data from the local regions.
&gt;&gt; Great. The next question is uh given the
recent Nitsa incident filings, can you
update us on the robo taxi safety data?
If safety validation remains the primary
bottleneck, why not deploy thousands of
vehicles to accelerate removal of the
safety driver?
&gt;&gt; Shark, do you want to take that?
&gt;&gt; Yeah. U we are increasing the amount of
our QA fleet, but we also want to use uh
the customer fleet to um give us uh the
useful metrics back so that we can scale
it safely. Like I don't mentioned we are
absolutely focused on safety and so far
we have zero uh incidents um and that's
what the Nitsa filing also shows. In
addition to um safety we are also
solving some of these uh so-called
scaling issues. For example, you do not
want the robot taxi to be stuck blocking
intersections or don't want to be
dropping people off at uh slightly
incorrect locations and so on. So we are
simultaneously solving the long tail of
safety uh by monitoring the metrics
across the entire Tesla customer vehicle
fleet which are you know uh is close to
driving 10 billion miles on FSD uh in
the next uh few weeks and also scaling
up the amount of QA fleet that we have
across the entire US to accelerate our
safety validation uh while also scaling
uh the rest of the factors that can um
you know throttle the um increase of
unsurprised vehicles.
&gt;&gt; All right. Uh the next question is, is V
uh 14.3
still the last piece of the puzzle to
enable uh largecale unsupervised FSD and
robo taxi or do we have to wait until
V15?
Well, um,
no I I I think 14.3 is is is the last
piece of the puzzle uh for unsupervised
FSD. Now the question is like degrees of
safety. um like how safety and
convenience I suppose. Um
we have a lot of known improvements
um like major architectural improvements
that we know would improve the
probability of safety significantly.
So
I think it's it's not going to make
sense for us to deploy,
you know, unsupervised FSD or rover taxi
at large scale when we we know that
there are major architectural
improvements to the software that can
improve safety. Um so so I think we're
we're going to want to uh finish writing
that software, validate it and release
it before
uh going to large scale unsupervised FSD
depending what large scale means. I mean
we we we are of course as I mentioned
earlier uh doing unsupervised FSD in
three cities and we'll expand
to like I said probably a dozen states
or more later this year. Um, so kind of
depends on what your definition of large
scale is. Um,
but I do think it wouldn't it wouldn't
be
&gt;&gt; right for us to
go go to go to like very large scale
unsupervised FSD when we know that there
are software improvements in the
pipeline that would improve safety.
&gt;&gt; Yep. And I'd like to note that the
version of robot taxi that's running in
Austin, uh, Dallas, uh, Houston, etc.,
Those are essentially 14.3 variants. Um,
and it's obviously uh safe that that's
why we're able to launch in those cities
and we continue to expand based on the
V13 uh, sorry, V14.3 base um, for a
while until V15 lands and V15 is going
to be a major upgrade.
&gt;&gt; Yeah,
&gt;&gt; great. Thank you. Um, the next two
questions we've already answered uh,
about robo taxi uh, rollout. um and uh
the data that that we're observing. So
uh we will end on the last question
which is uh what is Tesla doing to scale
the energy generation business with
solar? Residential roof deployments have
stalled. Will Tesla move to regional
solar and battery farms perhaps coupled
to superchargers? Uh will we deploy
solar through utilities?
Yeah, the overall US residential solar
market is going through a bit of a
correction after the loss of the
homeowner tax credit last year, but we
still see strong demand shaping up for
the second half of the year. Tesla
introduced a lease product this year
that allows us to capture the tax credit
ourselves and offer competitive pricing
for homeowners. We have also debuted our
own solar panel with superior
performance and aesthetics
uh as well as our own best-in-class uh
mounting system that gives us a fully
integrated home energy ecosystem. We
believe we strongly believe that solar
and storage markets globally will
continue to grow at both residential and
utility scale and we will continue to
invest in that growth.
&gt;&gt; Great. Thank you, Mike. Uh so now we're
going to move on to analyst questions.
Uh the first question is going to come
from uh Will Stein at Truist. Uh Will,
please feel free to unmute yourself when
you're ready.
&gt;&gt; Uh can you hear me?
&gt;&gt; Yes.
&gt;&gt; Yes, we can.
&gt;&gt; Great. Great. Thanks for taking my
question. Um considering the various
parties involved in the terrafab project
um I'm hoping you can provide uh some
details for investors about which party
is going to take responsibility for each
aspect of that project funding it
designing it uh building it operating
taking production and the like. Uh we'd
love to hear some some more details.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. So,
we're still working out the
um the details of the Terapab
uh deployment. Um
in in the near term, uh Tesla will be um
building the uh the research lab uh on
our Giga Texas campus. Um this is
something we expect to be probably,
you know,
a three billion dollarish initi in
initiative um and capable of maybe a few
thousand wafers per month but it's
really intended to try out ideas the
research lab um both both in terms of
maybe we have some ideas for improving
the fund fundamental technology of how
chips are made um and some of the
there's some new physics we'd like to
test out um but but we also want to test
out the ability to um
to see if something is working in
production. So you need kind of like a
few thousand wafer starts a month uh to
make sure that uh a production process
is sound.
Um and and uh and then SpaceX is uh
uh going to take care of like the
initial phase of the the the scaled up
terapab. Um and um
that that's that's what we've figured
out thus far.
Um you know any any kind of intracompany
thing has to be approved by both the
SpaceX and Tesla board of directors.
It's got to go through a conflict
resolution. It's it's kind of a lot of
unfortunately a lot of complexity
because uh we got to make sure Tesla
shareholders are served and SpaceX
shareholders are served and strike the
right balance there. Uh so it it takes a
while to work through the the kind of
independent director
uh reviews on on this. So that that's
basically what we've figured out thus
far is Tesla's doing the research fab,
SpaceX doing the initial part of the
large scale terab and um
and then we got to figure out the rest.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; And what about Intel's involvement?
Uh yeah, so uh Intel is uh excited to
partner with us on um the some of the
core manufacturing technologies. Um so
uh we plan to use Intel's 14A uh
uh process uh which is uh
state-of-the-art and in fact not yet
totally complete. Um so but uh given
that by the time Terrafab scales up 14A
will be probably fairly mature or ready
for prime time. Um 14A seems like the
right move. Um and uh we have a great
relationship with Intel. Um a lot of
respect for um the CEO, the CTO, and the
new team there. Um, so we think it's
it's going to be a great partnership.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. And the other thing on the
research fab, I think we've said it
before, we plan to do memory, logic,
everything in the same place,
&gt;&gt; including mask because we want to have a
quick iteration loop so that we can see
and basically scale the technologies
which we're trying to bring up. Yeah, I
I think this will be unique in the world
or at least I'm not aware of any place
where you you have um the lithography
mask uh creation the and and then logic
memory and packaging in under one roof
in one building.
um that that's about the fastest I could
possibly imagine doing recursive
uh research and development and and
being able to try out some pretty
radical ideas
some of which have you know you know
it's kind of long shot stuff but if the
some of these long shots pan out would
be radical improvements in the way chips
work.
&gt;&gt; Great. Uh the next question is going to
come from Pierre at New Street. Uh
Pierre, please feel free to unmute
yourself.
&gt;&gt; Uh hey, thanks a lot for taking my
question. Um a quick one first on FSD
adoption. So you have 180,000 new uh new
users paying users this quarter and I
compare that to your overall install
base, it might be 15%. But then if I
shrink that to the US or to North
America where most of them are, it's
probably more like 30 35%.
And I'm trying to and I compare that you
probably sold about 100,000
cars in North America in the quarter. So
you're winning twice more uh FSD users
and you're selling cars. Um, and then if
I add to that picture the fact that I
guess it's mostly hardware for uh owners
who subscribe to FSD, it sounds like
most drivers in North America who have
hardware for would already be using FSD.
Is that the right way to think about it?
And the kind of like success FSD is
meeting today. Is that is that is that
the right way to think about it?
Yeah, I I think you're thinking about it
the right way pier and the other thing
which I'll share is that uh you know you
can't just look at one quarter versus
the other quarter in terms of churn but
we are actually seeing churn of
subscribers also coming down which again
is a reflection of the product is
getting better and obviously if
subscriptions are going up that is a
good metric. The other thing also to
note is that we are seeing customers
actually drive longer which again you
could correlate it that's why you have
lesser churn because people are liking
the product and if I mean I've said this
before if I just use my own personal
behavior right I literally get in the
car I press a button and it just goes
and earlier I used to park now I don't
even have to park and that is the
experience which we want everybody to
gain and that's why you're starting
seeing it in the numbers come through.
Excellent. Thank you. And if I may maybe
a quick followup completely different
it's more on the Optimus architecture
and you talked about the partnership
with XAI and and Gro and I I was
wondering if you can share with us
anything about how the system to um
intelligence is going to be implemented.
is that going to be on board on chips
inside uh Optimus or if we should think
uh about like your fleet of like a
million Optimus being produced a year uh
actually driving very significant
inference uh demand in data centers as
well for for system to thinking.
Um well we think we can put a lot of
intelligence locally in the robot and
and uh and certainly needs to be enough
intelligence that if the robot gets uh
disconnected like if it's a bad cellular
signal or there isn't Wi-Fi you know
Optimus can't just get stuck um it needs
to have enough local intelligence that
it can still do useful things uh you
know even if it loses the connection
kind of like the car like the car does
not need any cellular or Wi-Fi
connection to be able to drive safely.
Um,
now, uh, I guess you can think of like
Optimus needs kind of a a manager to
tell it tell it what to do and broadly
speaking, like if you know, otherwise
it's going to keep doing the same thing
it did before. Um,
so, you know, I think you need kind of a
an orchestration AI, which uh, you know,
Grock would be good for orchestration.
Um and uh and then for you know for
Optimus's voice you know having um a
low latency intelligent voice AI Grock
is actually very good for that. So if
you want to talk to Optimus and have
kind of a you know a Grock level
conversation you you kind of need to
connect to a Grock level AI for for
that. Um
but uh but I would expect the amount the
amount of interaction
apart from like you know the voice voice
stuff and asking complicated questions
of the robot that necessarily needs a a
large AI model to answer. Uh the
you know GR would probably have about as
much interaction with Optimus as a
manager would have with the people on
their team.
So meaning meaning Optimus could
probably work for you se several hours
um without any management oversight.
&gt;&gt; Great. Uh the next question is going to
come from Dan at Barclays. Uh Dan,
please uh feel free to unmute yourself.
&gt;&gt; Great. Uh good evening. Thank you for
taking questions. Um Elon, your your
chip suppliers generally uh generate
pretty good economics on the chip they
sell. Um your approach has historically
been on vertical integration. Part of
that has been to get better economics.
So I know the the longer term goal of
Terraab is to get the supply you need,
but how much of Terrafab is also
motivated to get better economics on
your midterm chip purch purchases? And
how long is it going to take to ramp to
get to a yield that achieves that type
of economic par?
&gt;&gt; Um, no. I mean, Terapab is is not some
sort of mechanism for to generate
leverage over our chip suppliers. Uh,
it's just literally we we don't see a
path to having enough uh sufficient
quantity of AI chips down the road as we
scale production to high levels. um the
just the the rate at which the industry
is growing um in logic but even more so
in memory uh is just doesn't you know we
just we just anticipate hitting the wall
if if we don't uh make chips ourselves.
So uh that's that's the reason for the
ter tariff. Um I think that we do have
some ideas for how to make um maybe
radically better AI chips. Um you these
are
kind of research ideas there, you know,
which means like
uh long shot, but if long shot pays off,
it's a maybe a giant improvement.
And um it's just easier to do that if we
have our own research lab and and and
are developing our own production
technologies.
Um so
and if you look sort of longterm at you
know say having AI satellites
um
making trips for those there's just
there's no just no way in hell the
existing industry can keep up with that.
It's impossible.
&gt;&gt; All right. And our next question is
going to come from Mark at Goldman
Sachs. Uh Mark, please uh feel free to
unmute yourself.
&gt;&gt; Uh yes. Uh good afternoon. Thank you
very much for taking my question. Uh
recognize the importance of FSD and that
FSD can help to drive vehicle sales and
and nice to see some of the um
improvements in the FSD technology more
recently with version 14. Um, however,
I'm also hoping to understand if the
company's view on new vehicle models has
evolved. And I ask given that Elon, you
posted on X recently that Tesla could
develop a family vehicle. And there's
also been some past discussion about a
compact vehicle.
&gt;&gt; Well, I mean, Cyber Cab is the compact
vehicle. It's actually I mean, it's very
roomy, but it's a it's a twoerson
vehicle. And we do think probably most
of our production long term will be
cyber cap because 90% of miles driven
are with two or one or two people. So it
would mean that
you know you'd want to
vast majority of your production to be
cybercap. Um
then um but over time it's going to make
sense for our whole lineup to be
autonomous vehicles of different sizes.
And I I did talk a bit about this um
when we did the kind of AI day in LA at
Warner Brothers and you know showed like
this is our current lineup and this is
what you know some idea of what our
future lineup will be which is that it's
going to be almost entirely autonomous.
In fact longterm the only manually
driven car will be the the new Tesla
Roadster. Uh speaking of which, we may
be able to debut that in a month or so.
Um
it requires a lot of testing uh and
validation before we can uh actually
have a demo and not, you know, have
something go wrong with the demo. Uh but
I think it will be one of the most
exciting product unveils ever. Um I'm
not sure it I I don't think it moves the
needle massively from a revenue
standpoint. So, but it is very cool. Um,
I think I think it might be one of the
most spectacular demos ever.
&gt;&gt; All right. And Mark, did you have a
follow-up question?
&gt;&gt; Uh, yeah, thanks Travis. Um, my other
question was on batteries and the
company mentioned batteries as a
constraint on its uh growth. Can you
speak more to how Tesla expects to
resolve this and to what extent that
might come from ramping up your own LFP
and 4680 battery cell manufacturing or
is this something that you'd expect to
resolve primarily with increased
sourcing from suppliers? Thank you.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, so at the moment I think the
limiter is not the cells itself, it's
the battery pack capacity. And you know
we're like I said in my opening remarks,
we're actively working on resolving
this. There's more capacity being added
as we speak and I'll let Lars add a few
more things to it.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, thanks Leob. Um, as you guys may
have seen in Berlin, we started
launching a Model Y battery pack with
our in-house 4680 cells um, a few months
ago and that is ramping up nicely,
adding to Berlin's output and helping
with the demand surge that we've seen in
Europe. as well. We're adding additional
capacity in our Reno facility, sort of
retooling it as it's been building packs
now for, you know, almost 10 years. And
um in order to put in some more
efficient lines and get, you know,
additional output out there and then,
you know, we continue to have uh growth
in China as well, ramping in-house um
LFP module production and battery packs
associated with that. So all of those
things are happening now and in in the
next months and that's you know really
plans we laid out a few months back to
increase that that output with the
growing demand.
&gt;&gt; All right, thank you guys. Um and our uh
next analyst is going to be Colin from
Wells Fargo. Uh Colin, please feel free
to unmute yourself.
&gt;&gt; Oh, great. Uh thanks for taking my
questions. Um you you moved the safety
driver in Austin and you're now
expanding into Allison, Houston. What
are the key safety metrics that you're
tracking that gives you confidence that
robo taxi is safe enough to expand? Is
it sort of miles per intervention, miles
per accident, per fatality? And and
where do you stand on that now?
&gt;&gt; Yeah, we track basically all the metrics
that you mentioned. uh we have a pretty
large QA fleet uh spread across all of
the United States. Uh and then we uh you
know look at any intervention that could
happen and then sort of simulate uh both
in practice and also in our simulators
that are very very good nowadays using
neural networks as what would have
happened and then based on all these
analysis we in the end make the call uh
to expand uh and so far all of the
expansions have gone according to our
expectations.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. A lot of a lot of the limiting a
lot of what limits wider deployment of
road taxi are actually not safety issues
but uh convenience issues or or the car
basically gets paranoid and gets stuck.
Um like sometimes it gets because it's
it's programmed for maximum safety. So
the problem is that then it sometimes
just uh gets scared to do things. So
like some get scared to cross railroads
for example. um or it'll get stuck at uh
you know a a light where there's uh the
light the light never changes from red
or I mean there was one kind of amusing
situation where a whole bunch of um
rover taxis got stuck in the left turn
lane in Austin because I kid you not a
Whimo had crashed into a bus. Um, and so
they could not turn left because the way
crashed into the bus. And so you had
this like long line of like, I don't
know, a dozen or more Tesla robo taxis
that were waiting for the bus to move,
but the bus was never going to move
because the way crashed into the bus.
So, so that obviously drives people
crazy if there's a whole bunch of robo
taxis blocking the whole road. Um,
so it's it's a ton of ton of things like
that. That's the single biggest thing is
is just the car being scared to move or
getting kind of stuck in situations like
that. We've also had literal infinite
loops where, you know, the car might
want to make a turn into a road, but
there's construction and then it goes
around the block, tries to turn into the
road with construction, goes around the
block, tries to turn the road. Um, and
and so you have to stop the infinite
looping, literal infinite looping. Um
so those are actually and that those are
by far the um issues that we have to
resolve as opposed to direct safety
issues.
&gt;&gt; Got it.
&gt;&gt; Great.
&gt;&gt; And then did you have a follow-up call?
&gt;&gt; Yeah, just last year I asked about you
know FSD and camera and the issues with
sunglare and you noted that there was a
breakthrough with direct photon counting
that addressed this issue. But a month
ago there was a Nitsa filing saying that
they haven't received an update when the
solution was deployed and the number of
vehicles. Uh is this did it require a
retrofit of the camera? Is this fully
deployed? I guess I was just curious
since the filing mentioned it.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. First I want to say we did, you
know, change the cameras some months ago
and those are out and the Nitsa flying
is referring to like older vehicles. We
always work directly with Nitsa um on
all of the issues that they raise with
us and there there's they're asking for
quite a bit of information and you know
we're complying with that in as timely a
manner as possible and so um we expect
to resolve that and any of the other
investigations in in short order.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. And we have also implemented
stricter measures for the um the
visibility of the camera. So in recent
software builds if the camera is not
able to see things clearly because of
you know residue buildup or what have
you um then the FSD won't be available
for those cars.
&gt;&gt; It just needs you have to clean the
inside of the windscreen.
&gt;&gt; Great. Um that unfortunately is all the
time we have uh today. Uh we appreciate
everyone's questions and we look forward
to talking to you next quarter. Thank
you very much and goodbye.
Hey.