Channel:     munrolive
Title:       BYD Shark Hybrid System Explained
URL:         https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BSwH51GVE2k
Published:   2026-04-28 13:25 UTC
Fetched:     2026-04-28 14:00 UTC

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Hi, welcome to Monroe Live. I'm Paul
Turbull. We wanted to revisit the BYYD
Shark and talk a little bit about the
economics of moving from battery
electric to extended range electric,
particularly for pickup truck
applications. We're seeing several
automakers now make the move from EV to
extended range electric and the Shark is
a really great example of that. So, I
wanted to talk a little bit about that.
First of all, uh thank you for A2AC1 to
uh our our new partners for supplying
this great hardware and we now have
access to all kinds of hardware to do
more tearowns and show you guys how
things work in the real world here uh
with real parts. And so
with the BYYD Shark, what they've done
is instead of putting like 130 kilowatt
hour battery in the Shark, they went
with just a 30 kWh battery, saved
$10,000
and used that money to put in a
four-cylinder engine was turbocharged,
and a hybrid system that allows them to
shift between electric and hybrid
operation. So when you take off first
thing in the morning, this vehicle acts
like a a typical electric vehicle. You
can go 60 miles to and from work. So
your daily commuter, it's all electric.
But then when you want to hook up your
your trailer and head off for the
weekend, it becomes a gas truck and
works just like a regular gas truck. So
this is how they do it. So on the table
here, we've got um a few of the gears
and shafts that are going into the BYYD
Shark. And this is the casting that
holds the internal combustion engine and
connects it to the the two motors in the
front, the motor and generator in the
front. So on the back side here, we
connect to the generator here and the
motor is connected here through the
clutch. So the clutch sits in this
position here.
Once you get the engine powering this,
if you lock up the clutch or if you're
generating using the electric motor, you
have the power going in here and then
this differential
which has the
this type of a arrangement. So we can
get
the power coming in one way and then
going 90° out to the wheels right here
through this differential. So that can
split the power and going it can go to
each front wheel. So that's what this
differential is doing. It has a 90° bend
and the differential function uh which
is common in differentials. This is the
casting that bolts up to the internal
combustion engine. It's a north south
internal combustion engine arrangement.
Typically that would have a drive shaft
going down the center of the truck to
the uh drive the rear wheels and then
you'd have a power takeoff unit to drive
the front wheels. In this case, the
power takeoff unit is replaced by this
hybrid system. And so
when the engine fires up, we have this
clutch which can close to connect the
connect the internal combustion engine
to the wheels through this differential
and the clutch. I think maybe people
that don't really have never seen how a
clutch really works. So there's
interlocking there's plates.
The metal plates go into this part and
lock it up. And the these carbon plates
will lock into this member in this in
the center. And
these are specially treated
friction plates that allows the clutch
to freely spin
until something comes along and you
apply a little bit of pressure and then
suddenly the the clutch locks up. And by
adjusting this pressure with a hydraulic
uh piston, we can get any amount of
friction that we want. And so that we
can adjust a little bit of slip or lock
it up tight. And so we can when it's
locked up, it's connecting the internal
combustion engine to the front wheels.
And when it's free, then the electric
motor drives the front wheels. So we
have a motor or an internal combustion
engine driving the front wheels. And the
clutch makes this possible.
One of the things that's kind of nice is
the internal combustion engine is always
connected to a generator. And so for
typical operation, this operates a
little bit like a series hybrid. What I
mean by that is that the internal
combustion engine drives a generator,
but the the engine isn't connected to
the wheels in any way. So the engine can
operate at its best and most efficient
operating point to deliver the amount of
energy it needs to generator. Then the
generator charges the battery and then
the battery powers the front and rear
electric motors. And so everything is
operating at the most efficient point.
The downside of that is we're taking
gasoline that we burn um turn it into
mechanical energy. Then we run the take
the mechanical energy and power the
generator turning into electric energy
which has a little bit of a conversion
about 95% efficiency. Then store the
energy in the battery which has another
efficiency. Then from the battery we run
it to the the motors and turn it back
into mechanical power which is uh
another 95% efficiency. So you end up
with two 95%
electrical energy conversions and
unfortunately
that
um is less efficient than a shaft going
straight down the center of the car. And
so what they did is they said, "Okay,
when you have highway driving and you're
on level ground, we're going to close
the clutch and have a shaft directly
powering the wheels." So we get a 99%
efficiency between the internal
combustion engine. We we eliminate the
electrical conversion goes straight to
the wheels with uh u internal combustion
engine power and that allows you to uh
drive as a front-wheel drive vehicle.
when you need rear wheel drive, then you
can also power the generator and power
the the rear wheels so that when you're
towing that trailer up the Davis Dam
grade or some very large long hill, then
you can get the power to the rear wheels
where you need it for that temporary
time time period uh running the engine
and doing the conversion. Um, and at
that point, you're not worried too much
about fuel economy. You're just trying
to get up to the top of the hill at
posted speed, um, towing your trailer.
So, that makes the BYD Shark a pretty
decent tow vehicle, um, with the
internal combustion engine and that can
tow all day. And when you need a gas
stop, you just pull into a regular gas
station, fill it up in five minutes, and
you're back on the road. Um, but during
the week when you're doing your daily
commute, it's an it's an electric
vehicle. So, the BYD Shark is an example
of one of the of extended range
electric. It's one of the three types of
hybrids that we look at here in Monroe.
Um, one is the series hybrid, and this
is kind of an example of a series
hybrid. It does have a parallel aspect
to it. The other is parallel hybrids,
which is a typical hybrid that you might
see um for example the Toyota Land
Cruiser. Um and then Toyota in their
Prius has uh powers spplit hybrid which
is also I'd say probably at this point
the dominant form of hybrid um among
across all applications. So powers split
hybrid, parallel hybrid and series
hybrid. Um, and this is a good example
of a series hybrid that can operate as a
parallel hybrid when the clutch is
closed. So anyway, I think that's uh
kind of interesting and nice to see and
I thank you for joining us here on
Monroe Live. See you next time.