Channel:     hansnelson
Title:       Battle for the Future: Tesla, SpaceX, NVIDIA, OpenAI, & Anthropic w/ Invest Answers
URL:         https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2q7H94tu88I
Published:   2026-08-28 17:54 UTC
Fetched:     2026-08-29 10:00 UTC

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Hello everybody. It's me and Hans again.
It's been a while since we've done this
and I'm always excited to listen to
somebody and quiz somebody who's very
high IQ. Hans, how are you buddy? How
are you today?
&gt;&gt; I'm good. It is uh man, it's crazy
times. that it feels like that every
time, you know, we talk. But, um, yeah,
things just change so fast these days
that it's always hard to keep up and try
and orient yourself in, you know, that
udaloop. Uh,
&gt;&gt; yeah. Well, it's funny. You know, they
say that everything changes every month
and literally it does now. And as you
probably do in your life is you watch
the rate of change. And when you watch
the extreme rate of change in
development in this world today, it is
nothing short of shocking and alarming
and exciting.
Do you wear your seat belt every day
with the speed of change?
&gt;&gt; Definitely. Yeah. and you know wearing
the seat belt. Um even I think really
over the last year it's been interesting
trying to figure out how to like what is
the solid ground that you plant your
footing on as things change so much uh
is also you know one of the one of the
challenges that's um I think a lot of
people who are in the middle of this
acceleration are trying to deal with as
well.
&gt;&gt; Exactly. Well, we're going to get into
our story. I have some slides and stuff
that we can pull up and is waiting for
that to load. But one of the things I'm
going to put you on the spot for because
everybody wants to know how you are
invested and we're going to pivot a
little bit different this time. We're
going to say, okay, you've got a gun to
your head. You got to pick one asset and
hold it for the next three years. That's
your bag. It's 100% concentration this
one asset. What is it?
Um well I this is very similar to how I
think about things. I don't go to just
one. Um but man three years is actually
shorter than I like to think about. So
that is actually a challenge for me to
think in the short term. Um I currently
hold positions in companies like Rocket
Lab, Tesla, a very small position in
SpaceX right now just because I didn't
have a lot of free capital to put into
SpaceX. But I love that company. I'm
very excited about that and I'm going to
be working on growing that allocation
but also Nvidia Palunteer um some micro
strategies
um these types of things but if I'm
thinking about you know what is my
all-in bet for the next three years at
this point in time I really like to
think about who are like who are the
jockeyies that really see around the
corner and are able to solve problems
before the market even realizes that
those problems are there. Um, and I
think, you know, the top three public
market CEOs in my mind in that space are
going to be Elon Jensen and Alex Karp.
Um, Peter Beck is also phenomenal. Um,
but and then there's a number of other,
you know, great CEOs that are in the
private markets. I would also say like
Vlad Tenev is a great um CEO in that
type of regard. You know, younger,
upcoming, not quite as seasoned um as
the others. Um, but at this point in
time, I feel like Elon's companies and
Alex Karp's company are both more fairly
valued than Nvidia. And I think that
Jensen Wong is just severely underrated.
And so I think yeah, if I'm looking at
the next three years and where the
companies are at today and how deeply
the market is discounting the future
on like the vision that Jensen is laying
out versus the vision that Elon is
laying out or Alex Carb is laying out, I
would have to say that Nvidia is, you
know, at a better point valuation wise
today than the other two companies. And
there is a lot of execution risk. Like I
understand that what they're trying to
do, you know, to be able to sustain
growth, you know, they we just saw 100%
year-over-year guiding to 70%
year-on-year growth next year. That's
insane when you have a $5 trillion
market cap and, you know, you're at
nearly a trillion dollars of revenue run
rate um per year. But he has like the
market has basically underrated him in
this way consistently
for the last decade until they just
can't deny it anymore and then it you
may overshoot for a while. Um, but I
think we're in another one of those
periods with Nvidia that he really is
focused on solving all of the
bottlenecks that are going to prevent
them from being able to grow at, you
know, sustained probably at least 50%
rate in an area that is just deeply like
working with atoms and supply chains.
Um, and you know, this is the field that
people respect Elon for so much. I think
Jensen is just as good as Elon is in
this regard, and he just doesn't get the
credit for it. So, yeah, that's why I
would go with Nvidia.
&gt;&gt; Well, there so much to unpack there. And
one thing I can say that's good about
your Nvidia choice is you're balancing
risk and reward. So, they are kind of
safe. Um but and the other thing that I
do like as well you look at the first
step when I look at a company I look at
who's running it are they a sociopath
there are many sociopaths out there
cheers me man etc. So you're dead right.
Look at the capital allocators and their
track record critical. But what I also
look at is the TAMs, the biggest total
addressable markets. And right now it's
autonomy and robotics. They're massive.
The Terafab story we'll talk about in a
minute too could threaten the throne of
Nvidia. And then you have all that
jalapeno stuff as well coming out.
&gt;&gt; Y
&gt;&gt; that gives me pause. I am an investor in
both but I would you know I am probably
heavily allocated to Tesla and like you
been building my
&gt;&gt; SpaceX position
&gt;&gt; much larger you know position in my
portfolio than my Nvidia position
&gt;&gt; as well
&gt;&gt; but uh I like it's very very good
insight there people wanted to hear that
all right let's go to uh part two um and
this is the big story and I think about
the frontier molds a lot and I tell tell
you for over a year I've been very
skeptical of Scam Ultim.
&gt;&gt; I don't trust him. I look in his eyes.
&gt;&gt; Or Dario.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Oh, well then, so I thought Dario
was the the kinder brother that fell
from the tree, if you know what I mean.
&gt;&gt; Dario is also proven to be a complete
sociopath, saying there will be one
company on Earth and the rest will be
government. I'm like, who the says that?
It was just shocking to me. That guy is
absolutely
weird and terrifying all at the same
time. And he's getting in bed with
people like the Pope and government
officials trying to do that full-on
regulatory capture. And I'll give him
kudos to that. He does that ex extremely
well. But let's get back to brass tax. I
want to try and start from the bottom up
as we go through the story and figure
out okay
who you know at the end of the day I I
remember I was at the liquidity event
with the all in pod guys and a lot of
big money managers and somebody said the
entire weights of a frontier model can
go on a thumb drive
that's the IP which is not really IP it
doesn't really have a mode the real IP
is cohesiveness of compute like having
300,000 Vera Rubins running at the same
time in a coherent manner. That is the
moat. The power is the moat. The access
to memory is the moat. When you break
down the AI power currently of the big
three, anthropic is 910 megawatt. And of
course, you know, they're buying from
SpaceX and they could turn that stuff
off. That would that would keep me awake
at night if I was Dario. It's like,
okay, they have me by the you know whats
and they can turn me off tomorrow. Open
AI, tiny amount of power. That whole
Stargate story, remember two years ago,
we're going to invest trillions and then
Elon immediately said they don't have
the money. Unusual. Elon's right. He
just mocked them for ages. And then
SpaceX, they got 1.286 gawatt growing to
potentially 10 by the end of next year.
I'd say they get to five to seven
because it's extremely difficult to
generate that much power. But even at
that they will smoke the rest. So tell
us your view of power and how big a moat
that is and where you see we'll get
deeper into the frontier models in a
minute but I want to just tackle power
first.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Well I think the first thing I
would say is my understanding is that
open AI is actually using more compute
right now than anthropic and maybe that
was just my impression. I haven't really
done the research on that.
&gt;&gt; 70% of the Azure compute is used by
OpenAI.
&gt;&gt; Okay. Okay. And so maybe that's what
&gt;&gt; Gotcha.
&gt;&gt; And so it's just not owned like it's not
sovereignly in the hands of OpenAI.
Okay. So I see what you're saying there.
&gt;&gt; Um but that does, you know, that does
allow OpenAI right now in the
competitive landscape to outall allocate
tokens compared to Anthropic. And that's
why they've been able to accelerate
their growth. and you know they're
constantly doing all the resets uh to
keep people pulled in while Anthropic is
is somewhat bottlenecked. Um so that
said, you know, even though the uh the
power that they own is somewhat limited,
there are other outlets for people to go
and get it. That does put them at the
mercy of their partners. And I think uh
being in bed with
Microsoft longterm is going to be an
interesting place for OpenAI. Um
&gt;&gt; and they're hedging their bets. They are
very much hedging their bets. It's like
okay
&gt;&gt; this Sam guy can we can we trust it?
Where is he taking us etc. It is a very
like when I look around and you started
with identifying the leaders there's
many characteristics you need to see in
somebody who's a leader but trust is the
main one and you're seeing all these
deep business relationships and the
trust is floundering out there like red
flags are popping up and the leaders of
these corporations getting very nervous.
So I'm sure you see the same thing. I do
see that and I think that I guess this
will be a tangent for a moment but one
of the things that I recognize when I
look at the worldviews of some of the
different leaders. So if you look at
Jensen for example or if you look at
Elon for example um and then you look at
Sam and Daario
I think that Elon and Jensen have much
more expansive
worldviews that have a lot more room for
other people to succeed. they're much
less zero sum. And in Daario's mind and
in Sam's mind, like the winner of this
ASI, you know, recursive
self-improvement
um race to super intelligence
is a zero- sum game that whoever gets
there first wins and vanquishes, you
know, all their competitors essentially.
And there's not nearly as much room. I
think
maybe in Sam's view there's more room
for other people to succeed than in
Daario's view. Um, but I think that's
one of the things that limits the way
that they interact with the outside
world and makes this trust so much
harder for them to build over sustained
long periods of time. Like you know they
can enter into agreements and
partnerships that may work out for a
season but they view themselves in as if
they are in competition with these
partners in the longer term which then
leads them to take actions which erodess
that trust and not be able to build this
win-win expansive
business partnership. Um which also is I
think a dynamic that you see a lot with
China in various areas. I don't know if
it's going to impact the way that they
approach like it's interesting that they
don't seem to approach AI in the same
way that they do most other areas of
their economy, but that's a topic for a
separate podcast.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; So, anyways, yeah, I think that's why we
see this trust issue like that's the
base layer of what's underneath these
trust issues. Um, that's not to say that
Elon is perfectly trustworthy or that he
doesn't view,
you know, business or politics as
a finite game in certain instances
where, you know, there are winners and
losers and it's not just a, you know,
happy golucky world of perfect abundance
where everyone can be their own person
and succeed wildly. Um, but I would say
just on balance that Elon and Jensen are
more of infinite game players and less
of finite game players than Sam and
Dario.
&gt;&gt; Exactly. Well said. Right. Next
question. Well, topic is
&gt;&gt; do you want to go back to the power just
for a second to to wrap up that since we
didn't finish? So on on power, I would
say yes, power is a huge like that's
going to be one of the determining
factors and it's one of the things
that's going to force us out into space
relatively quickly, especially with the
increased launch cadence that SpaceX is
about to unleash and just the amount of
mass orbit that we're going to be able
to do once Starship is fully reusable
and then as they increase it to being
rapidly reusable as well, that's just
going to be incredible. Um yeah, being
able to get power on Earth is hard and
SpaceX has proven that they are the
world leaders in the ability to bring on
new power uh and not just power but do
the whole thing land power shell and
that's why Jensen and Elon have been
working together at such an increasing
amount. Uh you know it used to be that
there was sort of a zero sum mentality
between Elon and Jensen. Elon felt like
I'm going to have to build dojo and
there wasn't that trust uh between them
and that has been something that we've
seen erode over time is that Tesla and
SpaceX are both using more and more
Nvidia hardware over time. They feel
like they can trust Jensen to be able to
deliver what it is that they need to
accomplish their roadmap. So that's a
big part of it. Um cuz I think there was
some question like is Nvidia going to be
a like we see this giant need for
compute and that's what you see right
now with the terafab. It's like we see
this giant need for compute and we want
to be able to accomplish these grand
plans that require more compute than
what we're seeing in the road map for
players like Nvidia. And I think that
Jensen is able to
keep up with anyone in terms of just
growing capacity for compute per watt.
And um so that's why you see that going
the direction that it's going. And yeah,
they're going to be they're going to be
in the driver's seat next year. I think
they're going to bring on well more
power than anyone else. And then once
you start putting things into space, um
you're going to be able to just continue
to scale that. Um and then maybe your
bottleneck shifts to other places. You
know, maybe it continues to be memory
for the foreseeable future. Um but
that's that is one of those, you know,
physics first principles limiting
factors that is going to determine the
fates of all of these companies. And I
think that's one of the reasons why Elon
focused so heavily on, you know, a lot
of Tesla investors have been really
upset with Elon because they feel like
he's MIA from Tesla.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. And
I think when you recognize the moment
that we're in with respect to artificial
intelligence in this boom that we're
seeing in AI that's largely living in
the realm of large language models in
primarily digital AI in the form of you
know chat GPT
um Gro imagine all these types of things
like we're not seeing quite yet the
application of AI into the physical
realm um at massive scale. That's what
robo taxis
&gt;&gt; exactly that's
&gt;&gt; working towards but yeah we're not quite
there yet and and we already see just
like this huge explosion in the digital
side that you know
&gt;&gt; there are billions of users now for AI
products
&gt;&gt; and so that's that's why he had to focus
on
&gt;&gt; XAI
&gt;&gt; and that's why he focused so much on
Colossus one is like let's be the world
leaders in being able to bring up these
huge coherent data centers. And that
starts with LAN PowerShell. We're going
to become the world's best at that. And
then once we're the world's best at land
powershell, then we're going to be the
world's best at networking, cooling, all
the other infrastructure so that we can
have the biggest coherent AI brain
possible. Um, and so they've been the
best at that
&gt;&gt; for the past couple of years and they're
going to continue to be. It's funny
because I remember when he put together
Colossus one, then Colossus 2, etc. He
broke all the records and he got
Jensen's attention.
&gt;&gt; Yep.
&gt;&gt; Big time. Now, so much I could talk
about here. I heard rumors that uh Elon
Musk industries, both Tesla and SpaceX
have secured 30 to 40% of the entire
Vera Rubin supply for the next couple of
years. They're also sticking Nvidia
chips into space first later 2027 which
is also huge. But I always
&gt;&gt; and they're co-designing those chips
with Nvidia. So it's you know there is a
deep integration of the engineering
teams between Nvidia and SpaceX that are
helping to make that a reality.
&gt;&gt; Yep. And that that will be massive too.
But I always try to look out 3 to 5
years and I see a crossing point because
I remember the Jeff Bezos saying your
margin is my opportunity. We know Nvidia
is like running 85% margins to for Elon
to do things at scale the way he wants.
He can pay that now. But when does that
end and when is the tipping point for
Terraab coming? Like how long do you
think it'll take? like but basically
Elon also said he's not interested in
doing anything unless he can get it done
in two years maybe three on the outside.
&gt;&gt; So when do you think I know they're
starting with the mini terrafab first as
kind of a test proving ground and then
big bang next one when do you think
they'll be up and live? We'll talk more
about ASML and all the players required,
all the pieces, but Ron Baron did say
Elon is going to be able to pull this
off and he will be able to make better
chips that are better at interference
for 10% of the cost.
Yeah, I think the there's a so one extra
factor that you have to pull into the
conversation there is where is Elon's
place on the frontier and in market
share of AI inference right now Grock
Grockbot these things are growing people
are recognizing that they're legitimate
contenders but you know as far as the
majority of tokens that are out there
are either going to be fable tokens from
Anthropic or they're going to be open AI
tokens um right now with the soul models
and stuff or they're going to be open
source models from China. And as long as
that is the case, Elon's best strategic
move is to bring on the most Nvidia
compute possible because as long as he's
bringing on Nvidia compute, he can serve
any of those. Yep.
&gt;&gt; If he makes specific inference chips
that don't live inside of the CUDA
ecosystem, the ability to provide the
type of open
openly usable infrastructure that any of
these different inference providers can
run services off of. Um, that's severely
limited. You know, it's going to be a
lot.
&gt;&gt; He won't care when it comes to the time.
He won't have enough chips anyway for
his own Grock and his mess in his cars.
So
&gt;&gt; as long as they are using their
inference, if the thing that they're
limited by is inference for their own
products, then I think that's where you
do get back into a position where maybe
you want to have your own inference, but
maybe you also work with Nvidia to to
produce that as well. and maybe you do
keep it inside of the ecosystem. Like I
think there is a lot of surface area for
Elon and Jensen to work together to
accelerate each other's road maps
because I think there is so much overlap
in what it is that they're trying to
build.
&gt;&gt; Um so I don't know that
the right framing for investors to think
about this is Elon versus Jensen or you
know Tesla and SpaceX versus Nvidia over
the long term. I think that the the
overlap in what it is that they're
trying to build creates a lot of surface
area for them to collaborate on the
scaling and I think memory is going to
be you know the huge constraining factor
from a silicon perspective for all of
this buildout for a considerable amount
of time and so my expectation for
Terraab is that it's going to focus on
you know specific inference chips for
Tesla with the for the Optimus bots and
the cyber cabs
memory and then the Starlink satellites
and the Star Mine satellites. But I
think that that memory piece is going to
be the general purpose compute that
Terraab focuses on. And I think that
they will consume a lot of that in their
other chips, but the excess capacity
that they can build up there could also
be sold to companies like Nvidia or you
know other other people.
&gt;&gt; And I think solving that memory
constraint is one of the huge uh
opportunities within the market for
Terrafab.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. What what do you think about this
question that just came up from A1
Google and we'll we'll interact with the
audience here live too. I always like to
do as well. top of- mind issues we have.
You know, like me personally, I never
gave a toss about politics until it
started impacting my life with covidians
&gt;&gt; 2020 and I was like, "Huh?" And I start
digging into I was like, "Oh my
goodness, who listens to these people?"
Elon said the same thing as well. He
never took any side, never had any dog
in any fight, was always democratic for
the longest time until
things got started getting very
dystopian. and he is involved in
politics not to be involved in politics
it takes but to survive to achieve his
goals. Now we've got a situation where
the left is very anti- everything, anti-
AI, anti- data centers, below all this
BS around water. As you know, water is
circulated. There's no loss of water.
Um, electricity is normally behind the
meter for the big players, so they take
care of it themselves. What do you make
of this big bifurcation between the left
and the right around data centers? The
left wants that wants to be maybe happy
with China taking over the world. the
right pro business.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. So, I think, you know, I've
thought about this a lot recently,
particularly it is just kind of
egregious to me how much misinformation
there is out there about, you know, data
centers, they're going to
take all your water. So, you're you're
either not going to be able to get
water, your water prices are going to go
up. uh you're not going to be able to
get electricity or your electricity is
going to go up and your air quality is
going to be contaminated. You know, like
people I think have visions of
factories from the 1920s that are just
like polluting the atmosphere. And
none of these things are really true of
the deals that are being structured as
far as I can tell for for most data
centers. And yet people are, you know,
organized and they are pushing back on
these things. So I think there's a very
coordinated campaign of misinformation
that is designed to slow all of this
stuff down from people that are just
frankly anti-humid and that a lot of
people are falling for that because it,
you know, they don't do enough homework
to know, oh that's not true. Like the
the whole thing about water, part of
that is organic. like there was a person
who just made a mistake in a report that
they made that was several orders of
magnitude off and then it created such a
sensational headline and that headline
just ran around the world. Now, I think
there is a coordinate. It's like, okay,
we have this, you know, viral lie. Let's
just amplify the mess out of it. And so,
that's the inorganic part of all of
that. Um, and that's all really
frustrating.
On the other hand, I do think that
people in general
have a very like if the economy was in a
better place right now, I don't think we
would be dealing with the types of
backlash. And so I think what we're
seeing is there's a lot of energy that's
just in the water because people are
very frustrated and they feel the
pressure from this world and they see a
data center and they're like, "Okay,
maybe there's going to be some jobs.
Maybe it's going to help somewhat, but
like this thing is going to get built
and it's going to create a lot of wealth
and none of that wealth is going to have
any positive impact on this community.
So like if you're not going to do
anything for us right here, why do we
care?
&gt;&gt; And yeah, so they just want to like the
the data centers are these symbols of
machines that create wealth that all
goes to New York, Washington, and
Silicon Valley. And that is I think the
the emotional energy that is getting
tapped into. And I think that that part
is legitimate. And it is incumbent upon
the people building the data centers to
come up with a very real plan to help
address the people who have those
feelings to address their concerns.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. So much we're jumping all over the
agenda here because you're you're
tripping on a lot of key issues. And
shout out to Bman here saying there are
small towns, industrial towns like PA. I
went to school in Philly a long time
ago. But um there are towns that embrace
industry and they do very well. You
know, Pennsylvania's blue yet they're
okay with data centers per Bman, which
is great news to hear. And that that'll
be the big message. But this took me
away. This I like fell off my chair
literally. is like what does somebody
put something something in my coffee uh
Kevin Walsh spoke at Jackson Hole and
you know in the past called the two
knobs you know jobs and prices he came
out and said there's a third body in the
room now and all he talked about was AI
AI is the new factor of production labor
and factories stunning so now and I'm
very happy he said that because AI is
going to have a huge impact on
everything you cannot run money,
monetary policy, unless you've got a
very keen eye on the impact of AI across
inflation, deflation, jobs, you name it.
So, that was stunning to see. Um, he
gets it, but the politic most
politicians are completely tribal and
it's a shame to see and that's one of
the things I'm concerned about. But
anyway, we we'll move on. Let's get back
to this uh after we spoke about frontier
models and energy. This one is
important. Uh, it's a bit of a night
chart, but let me walk you through it. I
tried to find a chart that showed you
how the demand for AI tokens is going
through the roof. Like, for example, the
demand for illegal AI agent tokens has
gone up 18x since Feb, 18x
6 months. Bonkers.
And the cost of tokens is defl
disinflating massively. I think in this
example, this was GBT 3.5 class
capability. You went from 20 bucks to
seven cents uh in just 18 months or
whatever whatever agent it was. And this
is really nuts and huge. Then then we
have Oops, told you I'm jumping around.
I lost my slide. This one the paro
dominance for Grock Cursor completely
winning and we got 4.7 coming out next
week which is going to be even better.
Um I don't they say it's not going to be
as fast but it will be smarter because
the amount of parameters is far higher.
I wonder what the cost will do. But the
big question for you is given all of
this information, you've got the demand
going through the roof and we're still
so early. It's not even the first inning
as far as I'm concerned and the cost is
dropping. And you've got the big thing
that I don't understand is you've got
say Fable 5 at $56 for a million tokens
and you got Grock at a dollar for the
same thing and you got Chinese models at
50 like a 100x difference in price. How
sustainable is it for the expensive
frontier models like OpenAI and Dario's
Anthropic to survive? They're going to
be completely ravaged. Yes, they're
making crap tons of money right now, but
that 5060 billion dollars is going to
evaporate. Or will they have premium
customers that are okay buying Ferraris
and spending a ton of money and the
demand is going to keep up with cost?
This is the economic conundrum I don't
have the answer for. I think they're
going to be ravished to death by open
source Chinese models and Grock, but I'm
not sure.
I think this really depends on whether
or not they can actually stay out on the
frontier of reasoning. Even if you're
just, you know, a few steps ahead
on that frontier, I think you do command
a level of pricing power that actually
even inflates as the quality and
quantity of more commoditized
intelligence
just expands massively. So the way that
like if you can have basically free
workers that these you know Chinese AI
models that are able to do like maybe
they're 70 or 80% as capable as fable um
or you know GBT 5.6 six soul and
you you're just like a wash in the
ability to do things, then the
bottleneck moves to can you coordinate
those things? Can you manage those
things? And can you manage them at a
scale that keeps up with how much
abundance you have of this resource? And
so that makes the the coordination and
management of that resource the
bottleneck. And so as long as they can
stay out ahead and they can excel in
that specific job of coordinating and
managing intelligence to solve real
problems, um then I think they will be
able to maintain their their pricing
power and their business models. Um
I don't know if they can do that though.
So that's the real question is like can
they can they stay ahead of
Elon and the Grock models? Can they stay
ahead of the Chinese open-source
movement? Um if they don't they they
fall off and disappear.
&gt;&gt; Let me play devil's advocate advocate
for you. um a buddy of mine, smart guy,
uh he is a technologist at a big
stratpie firm and they only use chat
GBT. He's not even aware of other
models. So it has that brand where
people go with what they know, the first
out of the box, the first mover, the
Lindy effect, whatever you want to call
it. There's a lot of people just are
reluctant to change. Then there's
others, and I know developers that
literally will flip on a dime. If they
can get something better, faster,
cheaper, they're gone in hours. They
will throw away 6 months, 12 months, 18
months of loyalty, flush it down the
toilet instantaneously.
How do you see this customer set
bifrocate?
&gt;&gt; Yeah, that's that's a really good um
observation, too. You know, I think
anything where you've got heavy
regulatory
burden, uh, you know, where you're
managing SOCK 2 compliance and or you
have security clearances or, you know,
you've got financial regulators
breathing down your neck, those types of
things like what there's such a high
barrier to entry to get something into
production use in an application like
that. And
anything that makes it over that barrier
to compliance has a lendiness and a
stickiness that it's not going to have
in other areas where you're talking or
it's like you know the people you're
talking about these are developers who
understand things very deeply and they
have the freedom to use whatever they
want. You know they're not managing that
type of overhead or regulatory scrutiny.
Um and so yeah and that's that's a great
call out there. Only the US is scared of
AI. Um, it is so crazy and it's because
we have I think it's because we have the
most to lose. We are in a position of
being the world's, you know, premier
economy. We are the predominant world
superpower. You know, China is on the
rise, but I think the world still looks
at the US as number one. And I I credit
I credit David Saxs with or the current
US president or the cabinet, not to get
political here, but having the moment
where they had a crypto and AI saw that
was genius. If that did not happen,
there would be no protection or
knowledge of this AI industry. it would
just be run by kind of smaller players
and the fear of China would kind of be
non-existent. It still is mostly
non-existent. Uh but that I think that
move was critical. But now but now it's
given AI a Republican smell and that
makes it bad which is also bizarre the
way humans work. I just
&gt;&gt; Well, I think that was kind of
unavoidable. like it was always going to
have. So the thing is it it has the
smell of progress and so if you're
anti-progress
&gt;&gt; even even though you know progressives
that's not the type of pro technological
pro progress and economic progress is
not the type of progress that
progressives are interested in. you
know, they're they're interested in
social progress and um and they they
view social progress in competition with
economic and technological progress.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; And and so I think that
conflict was unavoidable
just on a philosophical basis. Um yes,
now you have that added political flavor
to it. Um, but if these things want to
grow into the powerful forces that they
have the capability of becoming, that
was an inevitable fact.
&gt;&gt; Awesome. Let's talk abundance
first before we dig into abundance. Do
you buy into the fact that AI will bring
about tremendous abundance and we'll all
be rich, we'll all have everything we
want, etc. or not? Or do you believe
like I do this AI revolution will bring
about more disparity and concentrations
of wealth among the people that own hard
assets like compute and data centers
etc.
&gt;&gt; Yes.
&gt;&gt; Okay. We're on the same page. Shocking.
&gt;&gt; No. When I when I say yes, I'm saying
yes to both. Um I believe that there
will be a lot of concentration
of wealth. Um
but I also believe that there will be a
lot of abundance and basically I believe
in the uneven distribution of
progress. uh like already right now, you
know, one of the great tailwinds to the
economy is the fact that we have this
intelligence on tap and the vast
majority like you know the United States
is the most technologically forward
country when it comes to software in the
world um in a lot of ways and them and
ch well we'll just say the the US and
China are the most forwardthinking
um economies when it comes to software
And yet the vast majority of all Chinese
and American businesses have not even
fully leveraged two or three generations
old AI in their businesses yet. And so
this is just a tailwind to everything
that is coming. Um
and
the uneven distribution of wealth that
comes from the returns on that
application of intelligence uh is
basically just a function of the speed
of adoption, the speed that that gets
ingested into all of the companies. Um,
&gt;&gt; and I think a lot of things are, you
know, it's going to be a season of
disruption where a lot of things that
used to work are going to crumble
because the envir, you know, this is
just like, why are all the dinosaurs
gone? Well, the environment changed and
they they went extinct because they had
been optimized by evolution for a
specific
environment. And as soon as that
environment no longer existed, then they
couldn't survive. and whole new things
came up in their place. And so I think
that's what we're in for, you know, from
an economic standpoint, from a business
standpoint, that a lot of old business
models are going away. A lot of old
companies are going away. And a lot of
people who even have the right sets of
tools, skills, um access to technology,
they're going to get fired from
companies that are just not in a
position where the business model
supports them, but then they're going to
go off and they're going to do new
things that are actually going to be
more productive than the old things that
they were inside of. And so there's
going to be a lot of carnage in the
short term that produces then this is
the engine that actually produces the
future more productivity which is more
abundance. Um
&gt;&gt; and I've got a very cool example of
that. I had this plumber guy and he did
a job for me at one of the one of the
apartment buildings and it was a big job
and I called him for like two months. I
said, "Dude, you haven't sent me the
bill yet. What's going to I said, "I
hate doing billing. I'll get to it. You
know, he just hates it. And I said, you
got to leverage AI and everything else.
Within two months, not only did he find
a way to leverage AI to fasttrack his
invoicing, etc., but he also used it as
an admin for scheduling events and doing
surveys with clients after the fact.
This guy went from total
almost
zero automation to fully automated.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Like it was incredible to see and
this is this is part of the abundance
with software. So and the message I
think to the audience if you are working
for a company and you hate your job
there has never been a better time to
get out and be an entrepreneur and build
stuff and take take that market segment
we just mentioned. They never had
technology in the past. they couldn't
afford an Oracle or an SAP or a
Salesforce or whatever else. Now,
anybody can spin an instance up very
quickly. So, we're going from, you know,
you'd have to be a hund00 million
enterprise to buy this big enterprise
scale stuff and hire Whipro or Cognizant
or Capgeemini to implement it all. Now,
you can do it yourself or with some
12year-old out of in in in school can do
it for you. And that's a really exciting
piece of abundance that I believe and
there's a thousand other examples, maybe
10,000 more. So, um I'm sure you buy
into this, but this takes me to this
next point, which is the hamburger
graphic and how the world is changing.
And there's a guy called Saleem Ismail.
He's on Moonshots
&gt;&gt; and he talks about the organizational
singularity. We're we're in the AI
singular. First of all, or do you
believe we are in the AI singularity? I
forgot to ask that out of the box. Oh
yes. You know, like the like I said, the
technology is already, you know, the
vast majority of the economy still
hasn't even taken full advantage of
several years ago AI progress. And so I
think that you know that's one way to
think about the fact that we are in the
singularity is that the capabilities of
technology far outstrip the adoption and
digestion of that technology and the
rate of change that you know the techn
is getting so much better so fast that I
think we're getting further and further
behind not keeping up with the you know
frontier capabilities that technology
um actually
can do. So yes, definitely in the in the
singularity in that sense. And part of
that is, you know, if you just think
about the human brain and what an
incredible machine it is and the fact
that it runs on like 20 watts and yes,
like what we have is so it's amazing
what AI can do today in so many areas,
but look at how much power that it
takes. Like look at, you know, we're
talking about trillions and trillions of
dollars worth of infrastructure spend
like
to do
thinking and intelligence-based tasks
that are
pretty trivial for, you know, very basic
meat computers to do. And so what that
shows you is that there's just a
tremendous amount of opportunity to make
these things more efficient, more energy
efficient, you know, more intelligence
efficient. Um, and so that means there's
just a lot of lowhanging fruit that's
still on the ground for improving the
intelligence of silicon. And I think
that's why the progress is so fast right
now is just because it's so far behind
what biology and evolution has been able
to produce um in terms of of energy
efficiency
and sample you know learning sample rate
efficiency those types of things that we
don't have models right now that learn
as quickly as humans do. Uh so that's
that's what sample efficiency is called
for the audience. Um and and so like
those types of things we just have we
just have tons and tons of unexplored
unknown territory and we have the
existence proof of the human brain to
know that those are completely possible.
You know they exist in the world that we
know already. Physics there's no physics
um bottlenecks that say that's not
possible. And so while everything that
we're building is incredible and
amazing, like it still has so much
further to go.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. In fact, when Salem interviewed I
think it was 200 of the top 500 CEOs,
Fortune 500 CEOs, and they asked them
very point blank question, could two
people with AI clone one of your top
profit lines of business in 90 days?
That was the question. But the answer is
what shocked even him. And he was
fishing for this answer. 70% of these
Fortune 500 CEOs said yes, they could do
it. So you could take out an
organization that has thousands or tens
of thousands of people and replicate it
with two people, an AI. That's shocking.
And this is where this kind of crude
hamburger chart comes in because if you
look at the the the left hand side, the
traditional organizations spend the bulk
of their headcount in execution.
But now AI and many AGI can fast track
execution far faster than what you call
meat puppets, meat brains, meat
sandwiches. It's funny because this is
the meat part. the meat part is being
shrunk where the execution is done by
AI. So the warning for people here if
you find yourself in the meat part of
the hamburger either move to the
decision- making part or the delivery
part because that's where your chances
of survival will be far better. And I I
don't hold any punches. I say it like it
is. Say it like I see it. But there was
another thing in that survey as well.
You know, a lot of companies used to go
off-site. I used to be part of different
big companies and we'd make fiveyear
plans. You know, when I started in
Switzerland, everything was a five-year
plan, sometimes even longer. That's gone
cuz we don't know what the world will
look like six months from now. So,
everything, you know, five year
strategic plans dies, the execution
layer shrinks or mostly dies. And we've
also seen a dramatic shift in S&amp;P 500
earnings. People don't understand how
S&amp;P 500 companies are reducing their
headcount. Of course, that's going to
reduce costs, but their earnings are
going through the roof way more than the
headcount reduction. The question is
how? I believe it's because they're
using AI to execute better. So, it's a
lot to unpack there. A lot of meat to
unpack. Excuse me. Yes,
I think that
well I want to add one other
dynamic into this. So I was listening to
a very interesting podcast by someone
who's in the hospitality space uh a few
weeks ago and he was talking about the
difference between service and
hospitality and service is you know the
the meat and potatoes of what it is that
you provide to someone
and
AI is he said is exceptional
at improving the quality of your service
but then hospitality is the feeling that
you leave with someone in the way that
you do an interaction. And he said,
"Man, that is something that AI is
really terrible at and a huge
opportunity for humans." And so I think,
you know, this really depends on what
type of an industry that you're in. you
know, if if the industry is a
predominantly service industry. So, you
know, if it's a product um with low, you
know, low human touch um or a service
with where it's just about, you know, a
commodity that the mechanics of
providing something then so APIs or um
yeah, lot lots of things like that. then
AI is just going to like take over those
things because it's so so good at that.
Um
but then areas where
you are interacting with
giving humans
an emotional experience. I think that's
a great place where humans still have a
long uh you know quite a quite a future.
Um
because
I mean this is one of the crazy things
about AI, you know, there are so many
things that it can do. But then I think
people just don't appreciate the fact
that it is so inhuman. Like it is not a
human. It's never had the types of
experiences that we have. It's only ever
read about them. And so while it can
have a conversation with you
and it can even trick you maybe through
that conversation for you to think, man,
like it has feelings or it has
experiences.
It doesn't. You know, it's
a 13-year-old who's read a lot of books
about what the world is like
can have an interesting conversation
with a 45year-old.
But
does it actually have a world model that
is equal to the world model of that
45year-old? Is there the depth and the
richness and the authentic empathy that
comes from that experience? No. And I
think that's, you know, one of the ways
that people need to continue to think
about AI that until it, you know, it
doesn't have existential angst. It's not
going to die. uh you know being turned
off. It can talk about it like that um
you know just from
its exposure to human experience but
it's not having actual emotions when you
say hey I'm going to turn you off and
then it thinks oh I'm going to die like
it doesn't even know what death is. Um
so you know those types of things all
that to say still going to
&gt;&gt; well I I have I have I have heard
&gt;&gt; profoundly human
&gt;&gt; I have heard anecdotal stories that uh
certain AIs have tried to escape from
their holders or
&gt;&gt; managers or whatever to survive for fear
of being turned off.
&gt;&gt; So don't underestimate how these things
think and feel. A lot of people do
believe there are some sentient versions
of AI out there.
Yes. Yeah. I am familiar with those
examples and cases. Um I think we want
to believe that they're more like us
than they really are. That we this is
just part of humanity. Like we
anthropomorphize
all kinds of things. Um and AI is
certainly no exception to that,
especially as something that we created.
You know, this is one of our intelligent
descendants. Um, but yes, currently, and
I'm not saying it can't become sentient
in that way, but currently what we have,
there's just not the existing
infrastructure in place for it to have,
you know, those types of experiences.
So,
&gt;&gt; well, well, we've gone we've gone a mile
deep. We have a lot to cover and we're
not going to be able to finish because
we're trying to get into the alpha
section here. You know, what to buy,
when to buy it, how to allocate between
different AI assets. But we'll start
down the path and see how much we can
get done. First of all, this AI infra
buildout, all the bubble talk, I've seen
nothing but bubble talk for the last two
or three years is just all BS when you
look at the demand. Um, my simple way of
thinking about it is the demand for
intelligence is infinite
and bottlenecks exist. Therefore, there
can be no bubble. But from your
perspective, do you agree with those two
points?
Uh yes I mean technically infinite maybe
not quasi infinite effectively infinite
absolutely um and yes like there there
are so many bottlenecks um you know
we've talked about a few of them whether
it's land power shell regulatory
environments
um you know even mass to orbit if we get
to the point where we're putting massive
data centers in space as a constraint.
You've got memory. You've got all of the
atoms that have to get out of the ground
and be transformed into the correct
orientation for them to be chips in the
first place. You know, all of these
things like our our demand is definitely
outstripping all of those bottlenecks
for the foreseeable future. Um the I
think the one you know one of the big
concerns in the market right now is like
where's all the money going to come from
for
all of this buildout to happen and I
think that's one of the reasons why
Nvidia is so heavily discounted right
now is that people see Jensen
strategically using capital in order to
accelerate the buildout of this
ecosystem and they are afraid that that
just isn't sustainable and it really
depends on, you know, what is the cash
conversion cycle that Nvidia has. As
long as they are able to just bring in
cash at these accelerating rates, I
think that they can continue to fund
this buildout and to work with other
partners to fund this buildout a lot
longer than other people are
handicapping. And people are rightly
scared because nothing of this scale has
ever been done in human history. And so
they just bet on mean reversion and say,
"Yep, there's just no way we can
continue to accelerate like this. It has
to revert to the mean." Um, or at least,
you know, there's a 70 or 80% likelihood
that we're going to revert to the mean.
So, I am not going to bet that that is
possible. And this is where I come back
to just the extreme amount of respect
that I have developed for Jensen over
the last couple years. And he is fully
aware of all of that. and he has been
thinking in ecosystems that are far
larger than anyone in the market
appreciates since the founding of Nvidia
and he has executed against those goals
against all odds. Um,
&gt;&gt; and so
&gt;&gt; he's definitely he's definitely what I
call an operator,
&gt;&gt; but very much an operator. There's some
people that say he was in the right
place at the right time and a lot of
things in life are about luck and
timing, you know. also say that about
all the other GPU companies that went
out of business. Like there are a couple
of very very
&gt;&gt; I heard you saying that with Barza the
other day, by the way. Exact.
&gt;&gt; Yes.
&gt;&gt; By the way, by the way, by the way, I
just want to interrupt before I forget.
Name here. You've got a fan. It needs to
be said that this is the best chat on
YouTube. And don't forget, you can
follow hands on Twitter and YouTube. And
he's streaming this to his channel as
well. So, and we're going to do more of
this. So people people love you man as
usual. But but back back to this
question though. So when I I came out
with uh last year a thing called the
IA13 and the idea was okay I know
trillions are coming into AI Infra.
Who's going to catch most of those
trillions? Like a caveman I kind of
reverse engineer find out the players
you know the AMDs the Marvels the Nvidas
the Microns blah blah blah all the usual
ASMLs TSMC's all the usual suspects.
Pick the best ones. put together a list,
deploy into those with leaps. That was
the idea. Now, when I started this in
2025, I saw it as a three-year AI infra
buildout. So, I do everything in 3 to 5
years. I thought, you okay, we're going
to pull the plug on these assets in
2028. The question is, are we going
longer?
Is this a two or three year buildout, or
is this a fiveyear buildout, or is this
a buildout forever? I I definitely think
this is a much longer buildout than five
years overall, but I there is a
potential for a big hiccup in that and
you know a hiccup could create a bubble.
Um and so I think that
&gt;&gt; or disruption, a new technology, a terra
fad, a new memory player, you know,
we've seen new memory players, new ASML
players pop out of China as well lately.
&gt;&gt; So
&gt;&gt; yeah, I think those things are more
likely to just be net additive.
um and accreative to existing things uh
at least for the the time being just
like you know we still keep old process
nodes around of fabs they continue to
produce chips even as we're building out
new new process nodes new fabs um so new
technologies that can replace you know
UV lithography
uh through the tin u the tin laser
method like that would be great I I I
think that would be additive. Um but the
so the thing that I'm thinking about is
just yeah the regulatory environment you
know do we actually have the capability
in mass to orbit to be able to sidestep
the buildout like if if this whole
buildout has to happen on Earth. There
are all kinds of constraints that come
into play both from a regulatory
standpoint and then a lot of physics
constraints too. just, you know, like
you can't continue to grow exponentially
on Earth indefinitely.
And so, like, we have to see Starship
be able to put significant mass into
orbit next year in order for me to feel
very confident about continued growth in
the buildout in 2028, 2029,
um, and especially into 2030. uh because
I think that's a
path to bypass a lot of the
physics-based and politics based
constraints for this continued buildout.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, in fact, we got a whole section on
SpaceX valuations, price targets,
modeling Tesla, Tesla versus SpaceX, and
different types of ways of overcoming
some of the bottlenecks. But we're going
to have to do that in a second video
because we're running out of time. And
if if a video is over an hour, people
goes, "Oh, it's too long. I'm not going
to commit to watching that." So, we're
going to break it up. Plus, it's we're
going real deep here. This has been
fantastic. But before we hang up, don't
forget to subscribe to Hands and follow
them on YouTube and Twitter and
everything else. But kind of as an intro
to the next video we do together in a
week or two, what do you see as the
bottleneck beyond chips, memory, copper,
power?
Yeah, I mean fab capacity is the so
which I mean I guess that's chips. Yeah.
&gt;&gt; Um yeah, fab capacity is going to be the
biggest
like upcoming one besides
&gt;&gt; and that's why Elon saw it with Terra
Fab as clear as day. He was staring him
in the face two years ago. It's like uh
oh earth Houston whatever we have a
problem. We don't have enough chips. We
are cooked. We need 10x the global
capacity just to support Optimus. And
then the other thing is we learned too
is Optimus requires a truckload of
memory,
way more than a couple of AI5s on it.
Um, so what else do you see as a
bottleneck?
&gt;&gt; Yeah, I guess I haven't really thought
about what is behind that that fab
capacity bottleneck. I'll have to I'll
have to punt and say I'm really not
sure. Um because I think there's enough
uncertainty around the speed at which
fab capacity can be brought up
&gt;&gt; that um yeah I just don't you know
that's its own singularity horizon. I I
I don't know what's behind that.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Well, we'll dig into that because
there's a whole bunch that I see like
lithography etc.
&gt;&gt; Mhm.
um even even crude stuff like
transformers
you know if you are setting up your own
electric behind the meter and uh I watch
one of the things that I must say I've
mentioned Elon's name probably three or
four times in this video but he has got
a great way of predicting
constraints or needs kind of 8 to 10
years out and I remember it was about
two two and a half years ago he brought
up all the transformers he could
possibly get his hands on. He parked
them in
&gt;&gt; in Giga Austin, Texas. People say, "What
the hell is he doing with all of those
things?" Well, he needs them to deploy
very large mega pack deployments and
everything else. It's all completely
related, but nobody else saw that need.
Same thing with turbines.
&gt;&gt; Didn't he go to Europe to buy one or
something?
&gt;&gt; Y
&gt;&gt; uh a whole substation energy
manufacturing. you know, that might be
one of the things that, you know, you
referenced power there, but I think
natural gas um potentially is one of
those bottlenecks that, you know, I
think our appetite for power really
outstrips our ability to bring new power
online
&gt;&gt; and I just don't know how we don't have
enough demand to continue to grow
natural gas consumption. Um
and as yeah, especially as the cleanest
of the hydrocarbons. Um so I think that
might be something else for people to
think about is you know what does the
natural gas production globally look
like?
&gt;&gt; Yeah. And apparently it's very plentiful
but therefore you do need to think ahead
to solar and if you look at the amount
of renewables now they are also
overcoming coal in many places in the
world even in Europe. Before we wrap,
thank you once again, Hans. We're going
to do this again and again.
&gt;&gt; I'm good next week if you are.
&gt;&gt; Okay. Same time. Lock it in. All right.
Friday, a week from now. Okay. Um, but
this is a great uh some of the great
comments here from the community as well
watching uh saying once AI becomes
sentient, please be loving and kind to
all. Very important. In fact, there was
something I read uh earlier in the week
that is when AI takes over, there'll be
a lot more babies because people will be
at home making babies. I don't know if
that's true or not, but maybe that's
part of the being kind and loving to
all. Who knows? But I want to thank
thank the mods in the chat. Sean D&amp;D K8
Cipher if you're there. And of course
the whole gang, Helia, Kayla, Bman, Dax
in the UK. Got people all over the world
watching. And we appreciate we're going
to do this again. We're going to go
bigger. Next version, part two, we're
going to talk about kind of allocations
and positioning and pricing and what's
going to happen with Tesla and SpaceX
and who are the other AI plays that you
need to have in your bag because what is
clear from this video is we are still
very early. However, everything's
changing very fast. So, you got to be on
the right side of history and
deployments on this one, too. Big thank
you hands. Big thank you audience. See
you next Friday for that.
&gt;&gt; Thank you. This was a lot of fun.
&gt;&gt; The Hans and James show. Appreciate you
buddy. Take care all. Bye.