Channel:     electrified
Title:       I Won't Ever Make a Tesla Video Like This Again ⚡️
URL:         https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tPuOgIZUqeY
Published:   2026-04-23 23:26 UTC
Fetched:     2026-04-24 00:00 UTC

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Today's video is going to be a bit
different. Usually after earnings, I can
quickly pull out what's new, what's
signal, and put something together and
have a pretty good expectation of where
we're headed going forward. This time
around, that is not the case. And I'll
just be fully transparent here. I feel
mentally paralyzed to some degree at the
moment. So my plan for today is to just
touch on a few things, say what I think
needs to be said, and then hopefully in
the coming days I can gather my thoughts
a bit more. And before I get into it,
just a few examples of what I mean here.
So many people are saying Tesla beat
expectations, so it was a great earnings
release. Okay, but ultimately beat what?
It's just those analyst expectations
which for years we've largely been
writing off as having any value to truly
understanding Tesla as a company. But
now because people want to say something
positive about Tesla, they'll say, "Oh,
look, they beat those arbitrary
expectations." So all is well. And yes,
there were certainly some very
encouraging metrics that I can touch on,
but at the end of the day, very clearly
the focus for Tesla has been on one
thing and one thing only, and that is
robo taxi expansion. And from that
standpoint, the commentary on the call
was not good for this year. There's
absolutely no way around it. Now, can
you make the argument Elon is
sandbagging here? Plenty of people are
pointing to the SpaceX merger and
Tesla's valuation needing to stay low to
make that easier. And listen, if you
want to make that argument, be my guest.
I personally don't think Elon would
delay expanding its own robo taxi
business just because of a potential
merger that I don't think is going to
happen anytime in the next 12 months
anyway. Now, at some point, I think it's
likely, but to believe that Elon is
going to delay the robo taxi rollout
just because of that merger and to do so
for maybe a year plus, personally, I'm
not buying it. And I've seen plenty of
people say Elon was tired. He sounded
like he was checked out on the call.
Personally, that wasn't my takeaway. I
think we have to remember the man is
human. Even though it seems like he's an
alien most of the time, he has off days.
If you've ever worked on any project
yourself, I'm sure you have some days
where you feel very confident. You
believe it's going to work and you're
excited about the future. Then on other
days, it feels like nothing's working
and it's never going to work and you
just want to throw up your hands and
give up. And I'm not saying either of
those extremes are the case here. I'm
just saying Elon's going to have off
days. So maybe on the call he had a more
pessimistic, downtrodden day. But truly,
as I've been saying all along, I'm
actually good with that. I would rather
have the expectations come down and be
more rooted in reality than have them
set so high, unattainably high, and then
all these Tesla investors become
disillusioned. So, it might be a painful
reset right now as we reset our
expectations for what 2026 will be. But
this is all part of my problem right now
is I'm actually struggling to figure out
what the proper expectations are for
this year. And truly for me personally,
I think I might just remove all
expectations and let things develop as
they will. I really do want to enjoy
this season. I want to continually cover
the company that I enjoy and continue to
learn about all of this new frontier
technology that Tesla is pushing
forward. But I will say, good day or bad
day for Elon on the call, it would be
nice to have more continuity for these
expectations. one call you get Elon
saying 50% of the US will be covered by
robo taxi and then fast forward a few
weeks later and it's well we're actually
going to take this slower because we're
waiting for version 15 and yes obviously
Tesla can still scale with version 14
and it sounds like they will but to get
to any actual scale needlemoving scale
it sounds like Tesla itself is now
saying we're waiting for V15 and so
ultimately that's the problem is that
what Tesla is doing has never been done
before and trying to predict these
timelines as Elon said is basically
impossible. But I really don't want to
keep rambling here. So, here's a quick
opportunity to support the channel and
then we'll get into it. I have to come
clean. I have been converted. 3W is the
sponsor of this video now. But, we've
had these 3W mats in Ashley's Model Y
all winter, testing them, cleaning them,
and they passed with flying colors. So,
it was time for me to install some in my
Model 3. I have tested a bunch of
different brands in just the past few
years, and without question, 3W is our
favorite right now. They have this full
metal heel plate, which is designed with
what they call their vigor mold tech,
and it's for extra durability. It's made
from aluminum alloy, and this goes far
beyond just aesthetics. We've had zero
edge lifting or deformation so far, and
these mats have now proven to be super
wearresistant even through our winters,
which are some of the harshest in the
country. Cleaning these mats is much
easier than some other brands that I've
tried that I won't name. Meaning, you
can restore these to like new, no matter
how dirty they get. They have zero odor
and that's thanks to their thorax
eco-friendly material that's 100%
non-toxic, baby and pet safe,
waterproof, and ultra durable. And maybe
most important of all, these mats really
don't move at all in my experience. They
do have those anti-slip studs on the
back. The mats fit incredibly well, and
they do have those high edge guards to
keep water and pebbles off your carpet
floors. And not only is the full
coverage nice, but I happen to really
enjoy the look of these as well. N3W
uses at least 50% recycled material, so
I think Tesla would approve of that. And
I do think these mats are excellent for
any and all conditions. So, if you'd
like to protect your Teslas and support
the channel, you can use my links below
to get 33% off 3W's website or $30 off
on Amazon with my code 3W Dylan. And
even if you don't need mats right now,
just bookmark the link for when that
time comes. I'm just going to go thought
by thought here in no particular order.
Jeff Lutz said the number one missing
fact from all the Tesla hating
commentary this evening is that we
exited Q1 with the largest backlog of
auto orders in our history. But that's
not actually accurate. What Vibb
actually said was, "On the auto backlog
front, we ended the quarter with the
highest Q1 order backlog in over 2
years." So, it seems like Vibb was
saying the Q1 backlog was better than
2025 and 2024, but that's it. It's not
the best in Tesla's entire history. And
based on how Vibb phrased it, it seemed
like he's only comparing to other Q1s.
But more importantly, as always, the
context is king here. On one hand, we
have all of those orders for the
lowerpriced Cybert truck. So, how many
of those are making up for this backlog?
And further, I don't know if they're
including this in what they said, but we
know Tesla had plenty of vehicles that
were produced in Q1 that just didn't
make it to the end customer yet, so they
were not counted as deliveries. But
again, because now so much of the focus
is already on autonomy and Optimus given
Tesla's valuation, even if they increase
deliveries by 10 20% year-over-year, I
just don't think it's going to be a
massive needle mover. But on vehicle
deliveries, another thing. Andre Terry,
great day for Giga Berlin. They're
increasing Model Y production by about
20% starting July this year. They're
also hiring about a thousand new
employees starting in May and they're
converting 500 temporary employees to be
permanent. That follows a record Q1
where they built more than 61,000 Model
Y's at Gigab Berlin, which okay, on the
surface that's awesome. You love to see
it. But again, let's contextualize this.
on the slide deck. Giga Berlin has an
installed capacity over 375,000
per year. If you take Tesla's record Q1
production from Gigab Berlin of 61,000
and keep that record rate throughout the
year, that would still only be 244,000
vehicles from Giga Berlin for the year,
which would work out to a 65% factory
utilization rate. And now in this case,
I actually think it's reasonable for
Tesla to continually exceed that record
of 61,000 units a quarter throughout the
remaining three quarters of the year.
But even if they do that, they will
still be below their desired target
factory utilization rate. Ordinarily,
automakers aim for about 85% factory
utilization to maximize profits. And
just doing the math here, that would
work out to about 80,000 units per
quarter from Gigab Berlin to hit that
85% target. So yes, on one hand, it's
awesome that Gigab Berlin is expanding
production. Demand seems to be
increasing across the EU. Those are
awesome things, but it's simultaneously
true that Gigab Berlin still has
meaningful work to do to get the factory
utilization rate where they want it. And
for all of 2025, Andre Tyreek himself
said Gigab Berlin produced in the
neighborhood of 200,000 vehicles, well
short of the installed capacity. And as
I said weeks ago, I think Tesla will
have a very strong Q2 for deliveries,
part of that backlog from Q1. And very
clearly, supervised FSD is starting to
drive incremental volume. And so Tesla
can highlight all of these different
regions where they're seeing improved
demand. But until that results in annual
sales finally increasing year-over-year
and doing so in a meaningful way, it's
just not going to have the Tesla stock
impact that I think a lot of people are
expecting it to have. And shifting the
focus to where all eyes are on
supervised autonomy, Lars came out of
nowhere and replied to Farzod saying no.
And Farsad's question was, "Hey guys,
can you clarify if the 2500 limit for
AVs applies to Cyber Cab or not?" So,
I'll take that from Lars to confirm what
we've already said to be true. The Cyber
Cab is not subject to the 2500 unit
annual cap. So, personally, I think this
was already a settled matter weeks ago,
but there you go, direct from Lars,
which means yes, legally Tesla can now
deploy the cyber cab in any volumes it
sees fit. But Elon literally said on the
call that it won't make sense for Tesla
to scale unsupervised robo taxis at
large scale until they make all of these
software architectural improvements that
they have in the pipeline primarily with
version 15. And listen, I could spend
the next 10 minutes running numbers
about what Elon means by large scale.
What does he mean that it won't be a
material revenue contributor until next
year? I mean, what is material in Elon's
eyes? $100 million, a billion dollars?
Ultimately, I can make a guess like
anybody else, but that's all that it is.
But again, I don't care how anybody
tries to spin it or how they try to cope
with this reality, but we went from Elon
saying that 50% of the United States
would be covered with robo taxis to Elon
saying, "I think we're going to want to
finish writing that software, validate
it, and release it before going to
largecale unsupervised FSD." But even he
clarified depending on what large scale
means. So, if you take Elon at his word,
which I am admitting I'm personally
struggling to do right now, this
commentary is simply a big downshift in
the expectations for the robo taxi roll
out this year. You cannot sugarcoat it.
And I'll be honest with you guys,
there's like 5% of me that's thinking in
the back of my head, Elon is trying to
send the share price down one more time
because they're going to start scaling
later this year. He knows the stock
price is going to run up and he wants to
give Tesla shareholders one more buy the
dip opportunity. So, I'm not immune to
all of those Elon is sandbagging thought
patterns. Plus, when you look at the
performance of 14.3.2 that's now rolling
out, everybody seems to have glowing
reviews of how stellar it is. And the
Tesla team said it's not really a safety
problem. It's more of a convenience, an
infinite loop, a navigation, and an
overhesitancy problem for why they're
not scaling. And I think some people get
even more frustrated because the reality
is Tesla probably could scale what it
has now and it would still be very safe.
It's just they would have to deal with
more customers being stuck in those
infinite loops or being stuck in cars
that are sitting at a red light
unnecessarily. So again, on one hand, I
love that Tesla's being cautious and
patient because they want the customer
experience to be good. But on the other
hand, if it's a fact that it's not a
safety problem, meaning very clearly
they have no concerns about safety, then
why wouldn't they scale and just take
some of that backlash for the
convenience things that aren't ironed
out yet? Because despite those
limitations, if the safety is that good,
as they're saying, wouldn't it make
sense to start saving more lives and
taking more drivers out of the equation?
And guys, I warned you this video was
going to be a bit different. I hope me
sharing more of my thought patterns and
my thought process is somehow valuable
to even a few of you. I know we're not
very data heavy today, but for whatever
reason, I'm just hoping that my
transparency into how I'm thinking about
all of this can maybe encourage some of
you, help you feel like you're not alone
as you try to work through some of these
things. And if you missed it, Elon said
right here, I think a lot of what limits
wider deployment of robo taxi are
actually not safety issues, but
convenience issues. But later he said,
"I do think it would not be right for us
to go to very large-scale unsupervised
FSD when we know that there are software
improvements in the pipeline that would
improve safety." But of course, to some
degree, there will always be
improvements in the pipeline that are
improving safety because that safety is
not an end destination. It's a scale.
It's a gradient. So, part of me just
feels like Tesla can't come out and say,
"Well, it's not safe enough to scale
yet." because then current riders might
start to think, oh well maybe I
shouldn't use the service. And I don't
know, maybe I'm just being too
analytical here and I'm having one of
those days. But on one hand, they say
it's not safety that's the problem. But
then a few lines later, Elon's saying,
well, we're not going to scale because
we have things that are going to make it
safer. So in my head, I'm just thinking,
well, which is it? And with these new
expectations, I think it's now safe to
say that Tesla hitting that 10 billion
miles driven on supervised FSD, the
counter, that's pretty clearly not going
to have the implications I think some of
us were hoping that it might. And at
this pace, that 10 billion number is
going to be hit in early May. But for
me, at this point, I'm just removing
that number as a milestone altogether.
And now Tesla did say that the Cyber Cab
would begin to start replacing the Model
Y as a robo taxi. And as we learned on
the call, the Cyber Cab has officially
started production. And today, Joe
Tetmeer showed some images of the new
glossy Cyber Cab, the actual production
version with no wheel or pedals. Now, to
be clear, just because these are
official production versions doesn't
mean that they're immediately going to
be deployed onto the network. Now, they
might, but they also might end up in
testing for weeks to come. And I have to
say, it's almost good that Elon poured
cold water on the call on the scaling of
unsupervised for this year, because had
he not done that, I think the
expectations right now would be through
the roof. Given that Cyber Cab is
finally officially not subject to the
2500 unit cap, it's now officially in
production without a wheel and pedals.
The incident data from Nitsa is still
incredibly strong and all the early
reviews of 14.3.2 are stellar. So I
think most of us at this point would
have been expecting one of those light
switch moments not for customer cars but
at least for the robo taxi network. So
from that perspective I'm very thankful
that Elon said that because many of us
can now come back down to earth a little
bit and if they do start to scale faster
than we think then that's a surprise to
the upside. And now for my own
expectations, which I said earlier I'm
still working through here, but in this
moment, if Tesla can be in 10 cities by
the end of this year with between 50 and
100 unsupervised vehicles in each city,
for me, given everything we have to go
on, I think that's a reasonable baseline
expectation. And that would be somewhere
between 500 and a,000 unsupervised
vehicles operating in those cities. For
argument's sake, I'm just leaving out
those supervised vehicles in the Bay
Area for now. And obviously, it's more
likely that some cities have more than
others. Maybe one has 200 unsupervised,
whereas a newer city only has 5 or 10.
But of course, the numbers I gave there
were just averages for my expectations.
Now, when it comes to supervised FSD, I
put this chart together that shows in
Q1, Tesla added 180,000 FSD
subscriptions, which by far was the best
quarter ever since Tesla started
reporting this metric. And it was up 16%
quarterover. So, Tesla now has 1.28
million active FSD subscriptions, both
outright purchases and monthly. Vibbov
said the churn rate for FSD was going
down and customers were using FSD a lot
more. So all encouraging signs and a big
part of the reason Tesla was able to
deliver such strong auto gross margins X
credits. And I know that Elon said he's
guessing they can start delivering
unsupervised FSD to customer cars
sometime in Q4 this year, but he shared
all those qualifiers about the weather
and the edge cases in certain cities and
how Tesla's going to have to somehow
validate that it's safe to release
unsupervised city by city or geography
by geography. And for me, the only way
they can actually do that is if it's a
place where they've already launched
their robo taxi service. So, I would not
be surprised to see Tesla launch
unsupervised FSD to customers in markets
where robo taxi is already operating. I
just don't see any other way for Tesla
to truly validate all of these other
geographies to the point where they're
comfortable having all those customer
cars in that geography run unsupervised.
And I know a lot of people have been
waiting for that light switch moment
this year, but by the tone of things, it
sounds like that's not going to happen.
But the differentiator is even if we had
this federal level framework for
autonomous vehicles, I still don't think
Tesla would have that light switch
moment based on what they just said. So
I'm expecting for this year we're going
to be stuck in this city by city slog
just like Whimo has been doing. And
hopefully next year with version 15 and
this AI 4.1 or 4 plus that Tesla is now
talking about that could start to change
if we do see a federal framework for
AVs. But clearly Tesla is still
developing the confidence it needs with
the system to have this running at
scale. And it's not good news, but at
least we got the news that yes,
officially all hardware 3 cars will need
a path to be upgraded to AI4 or beyond
to achieve unsupervised. My guess is it
would cost somewhere between $2 and
$3,000 to do this upgrade both for the
computer and all of the cameras because
you would need both. But that or a
discounted tradein will be options. So
finally, there's a clear path forward
for the hardware 3 gang. And before any
of that, Ashoke said that V14 light
should roll out to hardware 3 before the
end of June. And as expected, Elon did
say eventually AI5 will make it into
Tesla vehicles because at some point AI4
will just be too old. But it sounds like
that won't happen for a few years
because now Tesla has this AI4 Plus set
to enter production next year that's
going to have double the memory
bandwidth. And not only that, but a
roughly 10% increase in the tops,
trillions of operations per second or
the compute power. So for me, this one
was quite encouraging to hear because we
just talked last week about how Tesla
will likely adjust the memory on these
chips, whether AI 5, 6 or beyond for
different enduse applications, whether
in a data center or in a vehicle or in
Optimus. So the tape out for that middle
portion, the SOC, the system on chip,
that gets locked into place, but Tesla
still has all of that flexibility with
the different memory types and sizing on
the sides. And it sounds like that's
exactly what Tesla's going to do, not
even waiting for AI5, but with AI4. And
shifting to Tesla's cumulative paid robo
taxi miles, currently sitting at about
1.7 million miles as of March. Just to
add a bit of context here so we can all
understand why there are so many people
that still adamantly argue that Whimo so
far ahead. Now obviously I'm not one of
those people, but they just announced
over 200 million fully autonomous miles
and that was February this year. But I'm
sharing that because I thought this data
was pretty interesting. This is the SGO
from Nitsa for robo taxi incidents. It's
broken down by provider and Whimo has
1,790
incidents since it started. If you take
Tesla's paid robo taxi miles of 1.7
million divided by the 15 incident since
launch, that works out to 113,000 miles
per incident. Then if you take Whimo's
paid miles to date, which is now higher
than 200 million, but just to be safe,
divide that by their number of incidents
since launch, that works out to 111,000
miles per incident. And again, this data
is flawed because this includes
incidents where Tesla and Whimo were not
at fault, but the number of paid miles
per incident is actually incredibly
close. If you've been following along
the past few weeks, you'll remember Elon
started talking and making some comments
that there might be a cyber SUV coming
or something that would solve the
problem of having three child seats in
the back row. And he outright said that
something along those lines was coming.
But when asked about a possible new
family vehicle or a compact vehicle, he
said the cyber cab was the compact. The
cyber cab will be most of production
over the long term. the only driving
vehicle from here going forward is going
to be the Roadster, but the rest of the
fleet over time will be autonomy first
and that ultimately Tesla will just have
different sizes of these autonomous
vehicles. So, my understanding was he
effectively poured a cold water on any
type of cyber SUV with a steering wheel
or any type of compact vehicle that's
not the cyber cab with a steering wheel
that's more affordable. Now, I thought
those were a long shot. anytime in the
next year or two anyways. But I'm not
sure why he would have said those things
which will clearly get people's hopes up
to then a few weeks later basically
saying it's not going to happen. At
least not anytime soon. The Roadster
debut clearly not going to happen in
April. Now it might happen in May, but
he didn't sound overly confident due to
the testing that's still required. And
they said they now have this evolved
vehicle sales strategy where FSD is the
product and the vehicle is actually just
the delivery mechanism, which is cool on
the surface, but have any of you
actually seen that out in practice? And
sure, maybe it's a new initiative that
they've just started in different
geographies around the world, but I'd
love to hear a little bit more about
that strategy and exactly what they're
going to do. because in my humble
opinion, the official Tesla X account
posting things about it is not an
evolved vehicle sales strategy. And
again, they could certainly be doing
things around the world I'm not aware
of. And please correct me if that's the
case. When I first saw the energy gross
margins, I was like, "Wow, that's
incredible." It was a down quarter for
deliveries, yet a brand new record,
almost 40% from a gross margin
perspective. But on the call, we learned
that number is likely not sustainable.
that was driven by a one-off related to
tariffs and Tesla is still expecting
more competition and pricing pressure
and negative impacts from tariffs going
forward because to date primarily most
of those battery cells are still coming
from China and yes that's in the process
of changing but that's going to take
time. One point I have strong conviction
with is the capex spend. It's been
getting a lot of attention because Tesla
just now clarified that the remaining
three quarters this year will go
negative from a free cash flow
perspective. But months ago when we
learned that Tesla was going to spend
$20 billion this year, we said, "Guess
what? Free cash flow is probably going
to go negative at some point this year."
And this is really the crux of
everything. This is the biggest signal
we have. Tesla and Elon are saying, "We
see all of these opportunities. They're
here right now. It's time to spend more
than we've ever spent. And we're going
to juggle all of these different things
at one time. And really, no other
companies are doing as much vertical
integration in these different
industries as Tesla all at the same
time. But it's also true that making all
of these decisions and doing it this way
is going to kick the can down the road
for profitability. And of course, it
will take time for all of these things
to come to fruition. So, I couldn't care
less about Tesla going negative from a
free cash flow perspective because I
know why they're doing it and they still
have plenty of cash on the balance sheet
to fund it. Especially now that we
learned SpaceX is going to be paying for
the early part of the actual Terra Fab
and Tesla will seemingly only focus on
about a $3 billion outlay for the
research fab at Giga Texas. But once
again, this brings far more questions
than answers because further than that,
it sounded like Elon doesn't even know
how they're going to handle it from
there. And based on Elon's tone that he
has to get everything approved by both
boards to make sure all the shareholders
are accounted for, I certainly still
think things are trending toward an
eventual merger, just not anytime soon.
And on Optimus, I know some are
encouraged that Elon said the start of
production might be late July or into
August. But then Elon went on to explain
how it's going to take time for Tesla to
end Model S and X production in May and
then tear down those production lines
and replace them with the Optimus
production lines. And based on his
explanation, it sounds like usually that
timeline could be in the neighborhood of
6 months. And anything faster than that
would be like worldclass speed. And yes,
of course Tesla's capable of doing that,
but is expecting that to be the baseline
outcomewise. I'm not so sure. And while
entering start of production is a
milestone worth celebrating, just like
the cyber cab, there's a big difference
between that and when they're actually
deployed to the robo taxi network or
deployed to the factory or further
deployed to customers outside of Tesla.
And I think by this point from a market
perspective, that's really what they're
waiting for. Having Optimus in the
factory doing menial tasks isn't really
going to move the needle that much. It's
not going to start saving millions of
dollars overnight. Now, yes, it'll be
cool for us to watch it and understand
what's going on and to see it making
progress, but zooming out from an
investment perspective, which is what
many people are waiting for Catalyst
for, I'm just not sure that the start of
production is going to be the catalyst
that many think it will. So, I've always
thought a more tangible catalyst will be
when Optimus is useful outside of Tesla.
And Elon said hopefully sometime next
year. And guys, look, I know that this
video is going to come off as me being
negative or overly pessimistic, but the
truth is, again, I'm just sharing how
I'm genuinely feeling, what I'm actually
expecting, and doing so with the hopes
that some others of you can also have
more grounded expectations and not
constantly be hoping for this major
breakthrough that's going to be a little
further away than we're expecting. Now,
all of that to say, none of this at all
takes away from my enjoyment of getting
to do this, of again researching the new
technologies and understanding and
thinking about the future that Tesla's
building and getting to celebrate these
little milestones along the way. I'm
just saying if you're coming at it from
an investment perspective and less so
from the perspective of a fan or someone
trying to educate themselves, then I
just hope you're able to recalibrate
going from here. But when it comes to
Optimus, again, I was actually somewhat
grateful because I just said what
earlier this week, Elon, if you're not
confident about your timelines or
production numbers, then feel free to
not share one. And that's exactly what
he did with Optimus. He basically said,
I can't tell you how many Optimi we're
going to make this year because it's
impossible to predict. So clearly now we
know that Elon watches Electrified. So
Elon, how you doing? Love you, brother.
Keep it up.
But seriously, I think we live in a time
where humility should be celebrated. If
you don't know, it's okay. Just say you
don't know. I genuinely would rather
have that than him trying to throw out
numbers out there that don't get met and
then becomes fodder for Tesla Q or
worse, a catalyst for disillusionment
for Tesla fans. And just real quick,
some encouraging news. With 14.3.2 2 now
rolling out. Everybody seems to be
saying that actually Smart Summon is
actually materially improved. The phone
connection's better, response time's
better, parking lot handling's better,
navigating pedestrians and cars, it's
all better. And part of that's because
they said with 14.3.2, we unified the
model between actually smart summon FSD
and robo taxi for more capable and
reliable behavior. And Dirty Tesla said
the car immediately responds to your
button press even right after stopping
the last session, which it would have a
big delay on in the past. AI driver said
it's still limited to 6 m an hour, but
wow, Summon has definitely improved.
It's now properly signaling and pulling
over out of the flow of traffic before
stopping. Just like Robo Taxi,
activation is also noticeably faster.
Nice progress. And in the 10 Q, Tesla
said April of this year, the company
entered into an agreement to acquire an
AI hardware company for up to $2
billion, of which about 1.8 billion is
subject to certain service conditions
and/or performance milestones. This
dependent on successful deployment of
the company's technology, and there's at
least a chance that this is the
acquisition. Recently, we talked about
how Anant Narti was rejoining Tesla to
lead silicon engineering. this after he
just left Tesla in December to build
silicon from first principles for
scalable AI hardware that at an early
stage stealth startup. Navardi spent
eight years as the director and
principal of engineering at Tesla
working on Dojo. And here's his
LinkedIn. Left Tesla December last year,
worked at this silicon design at an
early stage startup specifically for
scalable AI hardware. And now April,
he's back at Tesla. So maybe his company
was acquired. And to close this one out,
I just want to be honest again. I really
don't want to upload this video because
a big part of me is still trying to
process where I'm landing myself based
on all of these new expectations and
what we just learned. But what I want to
be abundantly clear is that for me
personally, not a single thing has
changed from a long-term perspective.
I'm still all in Tesla from a public
stock perspective. None of that is
changing. I'm still acquiring and I'm
still just as excited about the company
as I've ever been, arguably more so. It
is just that in the short term, in the
coming weeks and months, I'll admit I
let my expectations get further along
than where Tesla is ready to execute.
And sure, I could point the finger at
Elon to some degree, but ultimately I
always point the finger at myself. It is
my fault for letting my expectations get
ahead of me. I've followed Elon long
enough to know that not everything he
says can be taken at face value. And as
always, the data and the circumstances
and what the technology enables are ever
evolving daily. So, I feel like I'm only
making this video as a hopefully
cathartic experience for a few of you
that might be in a similar boat. like
you love the company and you know
they're going to succeed in the long
run, but on the way there, they're
certainly tripping in ways they don't
need to and they're going slower than a
lot of us want them to. And we know it's
for good reason. But this whole process
would be easier if they themselves toned
down their expectations along the way.
They clearly could have communicated
better, especially to the early adopters
over the years. So all of the things you
guys already know, but it really is just
a fact that I don't think there's ever
been a company that has been trying to
execute with so many different emerging
new frontier technologies at the same
time. And I just think for anybody to
come out and say this is going to happen
then we're going to hit that number on
this date, it's just the height of
hubris. Elon is starting to realize it
and today I myself am absolutely
realizing it. And so in this social
media culture, there's always this
unspoken pressure to have the right
answer, to have the right take, or to
predict something before it happens. Or
people will take more traditional
investing metrics, and try to apply them
to Tesla, which is this brand new
entity, and they'll try to argue, see,
this is why Tesla should be valued at X
or Y. But now more than ever, to a large
degree, that's an impossibility. It
cannot be done. There's simply too many
moving parts in too many new industries
with too much uncertainty. It just seems
like right now, this year is not going
to be the year that so many people are
waiting for. The breakouts, the scaling,
the true opening of the floodgates that
we're all anticipating. But like I said,
I've never been more sure that that time
is coming. I just can't pinpoint it
precisely right now. But if you can stay
patient for another 3 to 5 years to let
all of this that Tesla has cooking
finally develop, then I'm quite
confident there will be a lot of very
happy campers. So again, I just wanted
to say thank you for bearing with me for
today's episode as I work to process my
own thoughts. And ultimately, I just
want to be a voice that reminds you it's
okay to have micro disappointments with
Tesla along the way. It's just the
reality that we're living in a timeline
with plenty of uncertainty. But what
Tesla is doing is just so unprecedented
beyond anything we've ever seen. We need
to understand that timelines are going
to be changed and ultimately missed. And
my hope is at the end of the day, we can
all help each other to one, take
accountability for ourselves where it's
warranted, and to two, point the finger
at Tesla when it's warranted. But at
this point, it's time for me to cut
myself off. So, don't forget, check out
3W if you're interested. All the links
below. Thanks as always for supporting
the channel. Hope you all have a
wonderful day and a huge thank you to
all of my Patreon supporters.