Channel:     electrified
Title:       Tesla's New Questionable Cybercab Plans / A SpaceX Surprise ⚡️
URL:         https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yM0n3J6QX4E
Published:   2026-09-11 23:56 UTC
Fetched:     2026-09-12 01:00 UTC

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Welcome to Electrified. It's your host,
Dylan Lumis. Quick shout out to my
newest patron, Bruce D. Thank you for
choosing to support the channel. The
question has been posed. If Tesla's
Cyber Cab fleet was profitable, why
would Tesla choose to sell it to
customers? And I don't mean for personal
use, but for these fleet owners, why is
Tesla giving up some of this
profitability to bring fleet owners into
the equation? And since this is such a
critical part of Tesla's near-term
future, I just wanted to take a moment
to lay out the rationale for why Tesla
would do this. And I will add the caveat
because we have so little information
about the specifics, the numbers, how
Tesla plans to do this. I'm going to
keep it high level in general because
even without specific numbers, this will
clearly help Tesla to not only scale
faster, but arguably more importantly,
it'll help Tesla to diversify its
balance sheet and profitability and
payback periods in the near term. To set
the stage, I think the easiest way to
think about it is how Tesla has handled
selling previous vehicles. It can either
sell the cars directly or lease them.
Both options have pros and cons and
trade-offs and different profitability
payback periods. So for Tesla's robo
taxi service, it'll be a similar idea.
These different options will give Tesla
flexibility when it comes to managing
its balance sheet and offloading some of
the intense operational infrastructure.
And believe it or not, this actually has
a lot to do with the main argument that
Farzod has been making for the steering
wheel and pedals in that Tesla is going
to be able to manufacture these cyber
cabs at a much faster pace than they'll
be able to effectively deploy without a
wheel and pedals. And no, I'm not making
the argument here for a wheel and pedals
in the interim. I'm just pointing out
the fact that Tesla is racing to a point
where it'll have a production capacity
much higher than its deployment and
infrastructure building capacity. So,
let's think about what the actual scarce
valuable proprietary assets that Tesla
has are. It's FSD, the actual autonomous
software itself and all of the training
data that's behind it. It's the rider
app and the mobile experience. It's the
new dynamic pricing algorithm that Tesla
has built based on its data along with
all of its customer profiles and that
data and the remote operator
infrastructure that Tesla has now
established. And overall, it's the brand
and experience that the customer has
using Tesla's robo taxis. And then
separately, there are other portions of
this robo taxi business that really
anybody with money can have and really
operate. So, think about the metal, the
cars themselves, the parking lots, the
charging, cleaning, insurance. And
remember, it's not just buying the
insurance, but it's handling claims and
managing the paperwork and everything
associated. And from that standpoint,
there are plenty of different permits
involved and conversations that need to
be held with local city officials to get
those permits to operate a robo taxi
service and the associated regulations
and so on. So, it's these latter parts
of the business that's not really
scarce. It's not really proprietary. is
just kind of the grunt work that needs
to be done by somebody. And yes,
obviously, if Tesla owns 100% of the
robo taxis, it'll capture 100% of the
profit. But with that model, it's also
absorbing 100% of the depreciation and
the insurance spikes and the robo taxi
hub depot capital expenditures. It's
taking on the risk of underutilized
windows in certain cities where Tesla
might not have as big of a presence.
It's responsible for the maintenance and
upkeep and so on. So, if we compare that
100% ownership model for Tesla to Tesla
selling or who knows, maybe leasing
these cyber cabs or robo taxis and just
taking a cut of the revenue, then by
doing that, Tesla would be converting
this multi-year operating expenseheavy
and laborious process. and they'd be
converting it into this shorter term,
quicker revenue, faster payback periods,
and an asset light stream of income that
will actually be able to scale with
other people's money, other people's
capital expenditures. And as I've said,
all of this depends on how Tesla
structures this fleet ownership program.
But we can reasonably assume that Tesla
will set it up in a way where they're
not leaving money on the table and
they're in a sense outsourcing the
worst, lowest value parts of the
business. And we know any robo taxi
business model requires high
utilization, reasonable insurance
pricing, cheap depots and maintenance,
and operating costs as low as you can
get them. And unfortunately, right now,
not just Tesla, but Whimo, Zuks, all of
these companies have very small fleets
under 10,000 units. So, none of these
companies have any of those
affforementioned things, mainly because
they have not yet hit economies of
scale. So, to some degree, we're still
in the learning and permitting phase.
But the next 500,000 robo taxis, however
long that may take, will become a very
capitalintensive and laborious endeavor.
And of course, it'll be unlike anything
we've seen so far. And do not forget on
a recent earnings call, I'm paraphrasing
here, but Ashoke was basically saying
how they were quite surprised by how
much infrastructure they actually need
to run this business. So to some degree,
even Tesla was caught off guard with how
infrastructure intensive this business
is. And we know Tesla's set to spend
around $25 billion in capex this year
and that number is not coming down
anytime in the next few years. Tesla's
free cash flow has now flipped negative.
Not a reason for concern, just something
to be aware of. And so my point here is
given all of Tesla's prior capex
investments and all of their other big
projects they're working on, it doesn't
have unlimited funds to scale up to
hundreds of thousands of robo taxis
because of everything else that's
required to run this business,
especially if they're keeping all of
those vehicles on its own balance sheet.
And if you followed Tesla for a while,
you know that dating back to master plan
part two, Tesla was already planning for
this. And quickly before I refresh your
memory, Ashley and I fell into this one
by accident, but I cannot recommend
enough recording some of your
conversations with your wife or your
family, your friends, really anybody
that you can. How many times have you
had great conversations with some good
ideas, but life gets in the way and you
really don't follow through? So, here's
just a taste of what Ashley and I have
been doing using Whisper Flow's new
notetaker, the sponsor of this video. I
know, but like I know you and you are a
little night owl and you do your work at
night and then sometimes you're not in
bed till
who knows when.
&gt;&gt; Listen, that was the past season. Okay,
you you still don't understand who I am
or what I'm about. Okay, you don't you
know nothing.
&gt;&gt; I know nothing about you.
&gt;&gt; You don't.
&gt;&gt; You're right. A new season. Prove me
wrong.
&gt;&gt; The problem with a lot of the other
notetaking tools that I've used is that
they'll get the names wrong. They'll get
the transcription wrong. And then you're
ultimately feeding your AI junk. And as
we know, it's junk in and junk out. But
Whisper Flow is different because it
will pull the names from any type of
calendar invite. And so, as my
dictionary of terms gets built out, it
gets smarter over time. And importantly,
with Notetaker, there's no bot that
joins the call. So, it's very seamless.
It runs on your Mac, meaning it works on
Zoom, Teams, or even a Slack huddle that
was never on the calendar. And as you
can see, during my conversation with
Ashley, we get this live transcript. And
then when the conversation's done, you
get our real names, not just speaker one
and speaker 2 like some other platforms.
And again, if one of the names is wrong,
you can just correct it once and then
beautifully it'll adjust the entire
transcript with that update. And
Notetaker has seamless integration with
the AI of your choice. So I can prompt
cursor which is my daily driver right
now and after the meeting a tough one.
What was Ashley joking about from our
conversation? And here you go with zero
copying and pasting on my end a simple
question and it said Ashley was joking
about your 9:00 a.m. gym plan. And
looking at notetaker directly you have a
full transcript and of course a summary
which is really good. It covered all of
the most important parts of our
conversation and the next steps were
very specific and truly on point. And
Whisperflow Notetaker is free to try. So
you can use the link in the description
below or code electrified in plans and
billing on desktop and that'll get you 1
month of Whisper Pro with unlimited
meetings in Notetaker plus unlimited
words in Whisper Flow. Back then, Tesla
talked about customers deploying their
vehicles onto a shared autonomous
network since cars sit idle most of the
time. And Tesla was planning to just
fill in the gaps where customer vehicles
could not meet demand. So really, all
along Tesla's been wanting to turn the
installed and deployed base in customer
hands right now into the robo taxi fleet
so that Tesla would not have to finance
the fleet operations itself. But as we
know, that has not come to fruition
because of software and regulations. And
further, many of you know for a while
Tesla had leases with no buyout option
for the customer at the end of the
lease. The thought was Tesla wanted to
take those cars back for eventual robo
taxi operations. So at that point, most
of us were thinking Tesla wants to now
keep all of these assets and cars for
themselves to operate robo taxis
inhouse. But about 2 years ago, Tesla
abandoned that and ended up just selling
those cars coming off leases as used
vehicles. They were taking advantage of
the high resale values and the quick
cash. Again, partially to manage the
balance sheet, but really primarily
because the software for robo taxi
operations was not ready. And think
about how Tesla's handled its
supercharger network. They now have
superchargers for business where they're
selling hardware that yes, Tesla can
make a profit on deploying itself, but
to hit scale faster and to offload
certain parts of the operation, they're
now selling that hardware to third
parties. That in and of itself does not
mean Tesla's in-house supercharger
business is not profitable. It just
means there's multiple viable paths,
each with its own set of trade-offs. So,
in short, this 100% owned Tesla robo
taxi fleet just can't really be financed
and permitted and set up at the speed
that the factory can make cyber cabs.
And think about SpaceX, too. SpaceX has
these payback periods for its compute
capex under one year with those leasing
agreements. That's very different than a
hanger or a launch tower that has maybe
a 5 to 10year payback period. So, as
Brett from SpaceX says, not all capex is
the same. It's actually a similar idea
here in that maybe the payback period
for Tesla owning a Cyber Cab is a year
or two. Whereas with this fleet third
party ownership model, maybe they can
shift that to days or weeks, selling the
Cyber Cabs and then taking a cut of the
revenue for the lifetime of the vehicle.
That's because a cyber cab fleet is not
just a bill of materials. It becomes
inventory. It's insurance capital. It's
depot and charger capex in every single
city. It's maintaining working capital
for things like cleaning tires and any
damage. And as mentioned, there are
residual risks if certain cities result
in underutilization. And who knows,
maybe this third party robo taxi model
only exists for a few years. Tesla could
always buy back these vehicles from the
operators in the future and use those
vehicles for its own fleet when its
capital situation is different. But for
now, while Tesla's hands are full with
numerous different massive projects, it
can pursue this cleaner approach of
selling the vehicles, keeping the
balance sheet light, and generating
revenues from those vehicles that will
still end up multiple times more than
the vehicle sales alone. And Whimo is
already pushing its depot and the fleet
work on to partners like Avis for the
very same reason. Ultimately, they want
to outsource the lowv value grunt work
because it doesn't make sense spending
time developing all of that as the
payback isn't that great. They just want
to keep the main thing the main thing.
Focus on the self-driving software and
of course to some degree the hardware.
And on the form that Tesla has up and
live, it actually lists mobility hubs
and infrastructure, not just fleet
purchases. So clearly Tesla's asking
other people to build the physical
network that these robo taxis need too.
And so rather than Tesla having to
generate demand in every new city, these
fleet buyers will do that for Tesla. So
whether it's airports or hotels,
hospitals, colleges, professional sports
teams in the stadiums, local
municipalities and so on, when they
decide to be fleet operators that will
handle that demand lever without Tesla
having to do anything. And with these
robo taxi hub depots, we know the
infrastructure is holding up scaling to
some degree. things like zoning and
permitting, lots for overnight parking
and charging and cleaning, airport
contracts and pickup rules, and all of
the associated filings in every city
that we don't hear about. So, can Tesla
offload a lot of this operational
overhead to these fleet operators?
Partially, I would imagine yes. So, to
wrap it up, the way I see this, Tesla is
looking to diversify its capital
intensity, its payback periods, and its
risk structure for the robo taxi
network. And I would imagine Tesla will
strategically own the fleet in the
higher utilization areas while making
the split favorable to itself because
it's not going to have to make it that
attractive to these fleet owners because
there just aren't any good alternatives
in the market. So Tesla doesn't have to
make a super attractive offer. And
again, once Tesla's capital position
changes in the future, it can actually
change its strategy depending on how the
economics eb and flow over time. But
having said all of that, I still think
we have a while before we start to see
any deals like this at any sense of
scale. There's just so much that needs
to be figured out and I don't think
Tesla will be looking to do anything
before we see V15 out in the wild
broadly. And secondarily, I think Tesla
will wait until Nitsa decides what it's
going to do with its audit query into
the cyber cab. Dirty Tesla was actually
banned from the robo taxi service for 7
days for what they called unsafe
conduct. In a separate video, he said he
thinks it's when he was stepping in
front of the cyber cab, seeing how it
would respond. And I'm sure most of you
saw the video of David Moss doing the
same thing, running out into the street,
seeing if the cyber cab would stop,
which of course it did. That ended up
going mega viral because people don't
know David Moss and his relationship
with Tesla. But I wanted to say I'm
actually with Larry on this one, calling
these guys out for this form of testing.
This really is not pushing the ball
forward at all. An autonomous Tesla
vehicle has never ran over a human
being. Tesla has clearly tested this
extensively over the past few years. So
whether these guys are doing this for
social media or they're doing it for
Tesla, either way, I just think
everybody should stop doing it. It's
simply a test that we already know Tesla
is going to pass. But I wanted to put
this out there so nobody else gets
banned. Today, Ashoke took a brief
moment to hype up V15 a little bit. He
said it'll have even earlier prediction
of hazards, even faster reaction time,
and overall significantly better safety
and collision avoidance, coming as part
of the next big upgrade, V15. So, at
this point, I'm very comfortable saying
if version 15 is not the version that
unlocks some serious scale for Tesla,
then we are going to run into some real
problems. I'm not saying it has to be
15.1. Maybe it takes until 15.2, 3, or 4
to really work things out. But at this
point, I'm ready to say it. With no
wheel and pedals, with the cyberc cab
production volumes ramping, this has to
be the unlock V15. Tesla Japan just
shared a post showcasing the Cyber Cab
setup for display. And Nay Asia talking
about the Cyber Cab said, "To operate in
Japan, it must first be certified by the
Ministry of Land, Infrastructure, and
Transport and Tourism as a level four
autonomous vehicle without a wheel or
pedals. and to operate on public roads,
it must also obtain a specific
autonomous operation permit. Currently,
level 4 autonomous driving tech approved
in Japan is mainly limited to operating
within restricted areas or on
predetermined routes. So, the
environment for the CyberCap to operate
in Japan is not yet in place. But the
president of Tesla Japan said the
CyberCab is based on the same FSD tech
as the current Model Y. So, the domestic
launch is not a distant prospect. Our
top priority is to get FSD legalized in
Japan. The goal is to legalize FSD in
Japan this year. Now, as I've said,
getting FSD approved and getting the
Cyber Cab approved are going to be two
very different things. So, let's start
with baby steps. Let's get FSD approved
in these countries and then we can talk
about cyber cab approval. But the point
is Tesla is clearly laying the
groundwork for a global cyber cab
rollout. Along those lines, the German
Regulatory Authority, the KBA, put out
this email, and the short of it, they're
at least considering this exemption
route and recognizing FSD's approval
before the vote later this year at the
TCMBB meeting. So, on one hand, it's
good to hear that Germany is at least
considering approving FSD before the
vote later this year. But at this point,
we're likely just over a month out from
that vote. So, I will not be surprised
if they just wait for the vote. But we
covered last week, German authorities
said they want Tesla's robo taxis
operational in a certain rural areas
where they don't have drivers right now.
So, there is a chance they're now
looking to fasttrack things for Tesla's
FSD a little bit. Embarrassingly, I'm
not sure I would have thought of this,
but this guy said that his wife got a
speeding ticket on the highway. She got
clocked going 82 and a 70. However, they
were in a Tesla, so they decided to
check the dash cam footage, and you will
see they were only going 77. So, they
called the police officer, sent over the
dash cam footage, and ultimately got the
ticket thrown away. So, who knows? Maybe
some of those cops radar guns need a
software update of their own. The
Cybertruck account said Power Wall 3 and
I can now power your house together.
This extends your home backup by over 3
days, equivalent to 9 additional Power
Walls. That's just roughly the 123 kWh
battery pack on the Cybert truck divided
by the roughly 13.5 kWh capacity of the
Power Wall 3. And for everyone else,
they said Power Wall 2 Plus
compatibility coming later this year.
And this right here has been the missing
piece for so long, the Power Share
working in tandem with the Power Wall.
As we know, depending on the size of the
home, one Power Wall 3 can really only
power a home for a day, maybe. But
finally, Cybertruck owners can use their
trucks battery pack to power their home
potentially for multiple days.
Cybertruck engineer Wes Moral said two
grid forming devices need to negotiate
which one manages a home during an
outage and that certifying process
across multiple generations of Power
Wall took longer than expected. And as
we learned earlier this year in parts of
Texas, Tesla launched the vehicle to
grid functionality. So under the
Powershare grid support program, owners
of Cybert trucks with Power Share home
backup hardware could opt in and then
participate in short notice grid stress
events during which the Cybertruck
automatically discharges excess energy
back to the grid supporting utilities
and in return the participants get
compensation. Sadly, I still just can't
shake this feeling that the Cybertruck
became too politically charged with
Elon's foray into politics over the past
few years. Maybe that wears off as more
people start to understand why
Cybertruck is such an exceptional
vehicle. But as I've been saying with
the sales numbers where they're at,
there's really no way around it. To
date, it's been a dud. We've known the
Tesla Semi is coming to Europe as we
have the event here in the next week.
But this time around, Tesla shared some
stats for the European version. These
numbers work out to 342 mi at over
88,000 lb gross combination weight.
Energy consumption clocked at 1.61 61
kwatt hours per mile. The mega charger
speeds are only set to be up to 800 kW,
lower than the 1.2 megawatt here in the
states, but it's important to note
Europe's fully loaded rating is heavier
than in the US where here it's 82,000 lb
gross combination weight. So the
efficiency figure is still going to be
right in line with the American numbers.
So this is a standard range equivalent.
Tesla has not put a long range semi on
the European spec pages yet. That's
because if you do the Europe math, 550
km times the 1 kilowatt hour per
kilometer, that's roughly 550 kwatt
hours usable, which is right in line
with the 548 kWh standard range pack in
the US. And just to call it out, the
range for the US standard range semi is
325 mi. So, a bit lower than the
European version, where you would think
it would actually be higher since the
European version has a higher gross
combination weight. meaning when it's
fully loaded. But per the usual, the
difference here is because of the test
protocol, not some sort of bigger
battery. And on the new Tesla Semi web
page for Germany, it says deliveries
from 2027 onwards. And on this page,
they are touting availability of the
base charger as well, which if you
forgot is for extended and overnight
charging. And if you look closely at the
European variant, they don't have the
traditional side view mirrors. they are
replaced with a CMS, a camera monitoring
system. So why does Europe get that and
the US doesn't? Well, you guessed it,
regulations. Europe allows it, the US
does not. So in the US, the Tesla Semi
still needs the traditional side view
mirrors. I'm sure we'll get more
information at the event next week. But
the expectation for now, initially these
Tesla semis will be coming from North
America, specifically Nevada, but over
time hopefully we see Tesla Semi
production from Giga Berlin. And one
more difference, the European version
gets rid of the continuous light bar on
the front and instead has standalone
headlights on the side, similar to the
Model Y standard. Joe Tetmier shared a
drone video today of the Terrafab,
pointing out that construction has
officially started. They're already
working on the main foundation with
visible footing square excavations,
rebar gauges, and additional grade work
underway. And yes, this is the actual
Terra Fab in Grimes County, not the
research fab in Austin. So, this will
absolutely be a very fun one to watch.
Brett Johnson from SpaceX just gave a
talk and two things I wanted to point
out. one, he did announce yet another
compute leasing deal with a new unnamed
company to the tune of $1.1 billion per
month. It still has the same 90-day out
clause as the other deals, but he
confirmed they're on track to be at a
$100 billion recurring revenue run rate
by the end of this year. And given
SpaceX did less than $19 billion in
revenue companywide for 2025, that's not
a bad increase. But while many people
thought that was the highlight of the
call, in my opinion, it was actually
something different. Brett was talking
about the range for these compute
leasing deals still being between $30
and $50 per watt of compute capacity.
And he was hinting that SpaceX is
definitely toward the higher end of that
range. But he said he believes SpaceX
will earn more than that once they start
scaling their internal models more.
Basically, think about the Grock family,
Grock bot, Grock build, and so on. So,
as things like Grockbot scale not just
to consumers, but on the enterprise side
as well, which is going to take some
more time, SpaceX thinks it'll go beyond
that $50 per watt metric, which would
avoid any compute monetization
degradation, moving away from some of
these lease deals to more training of
the internal models, which has always
been the goal. So, the jury is still
out. They still have to prove it, but it
was an encouraging statement. And he
also said that multi-year old compute is
still holding its compute rates better
than many have expected, meaning the
residual values on these chips and these
lease deals should be very strong for
years to come. And speaking of Elon
said, Grock 4.7 needs a few more days to
cook. We might have penalized response
length too much or something in
reinforcement learning as it still gives
up on hard tasks that it can do too
early and it's not yet sufficiently
rigorous in checking its work. And this
is the one that's supposed to add a
massive amount of SpaceX company
training data. So if you're a fan of
engineering, there's a good chance this
model is going to be extra special in
that domain. And congratulations to the
Boring Company for raising $3 billion in
series D funding led by the UAE. This
round now values the company at $23
billion. And it's only a matter of time
until we see the cyber cab in these
tunnels. And now, real quick before I
close out this video, I want to share
something with all of you. This is not
sponsored, nothing like that. It's just
one of our electrified community members
got in touch with me via email a few
weeks back and asked if he could send me
this book. And a true story, I handed
this book to my wife without any
backstory really and she just started
reading it and ended up in tears. And I
have to say I was totally blown away by
everything about this book. The title of
the book, Good News Children, the Gospel
for Toddlers. And I won't give too much
away, but I just wanted to show you one
page of the inside of the book. It's
super high quality. The drawings are
incredibly cute. The story is very well
told. And it's just a fact. if the Lord
chooses to bless Ashley and I with the
child one day I will 100% be reading
this book to our child. So again, not
sponsored at all. I was just blown away
by this and I thought it was incredibly
awesome. So I'll have a link to this
book in the description below if you
want to check it out. And John, if you
see this, seriously, keep up the great
work, man. This was incredible. And real
quick, editor Dylan here. I know last
video a few of you had asked about the
new chair in the background, so I will
link to it in the description below. I
did get mine locally. It's a bit of a
different color, but this is the one
right here. Tesla stock closed the day
at $36,544,
up.52%.
And SpaceX closed at $15121,
up 2.04%, all while the NDX was up.91%.
And don't forget, check out Whisper Flow
and the new notetaker feature linked
below. As you can see, I'm quickly
approaching 100,000 words and I'm now on
a 58day streak. Clearly struggling to
check out on Sundays. So, if you're
still prompting with typing and a
keyboard, I'll just say you're doing it
wrong. Hope you all have a safe and
wonderful weekend, and a huge thank you
to all of my Patreon supporters.