Channel:     electrified
Title:       This Is My Last Electrified Video ⚡️
URL:         https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=t_Exs5HT6Zg
Published:   2026-05-19 22:41 UTC
Fetched:     2026-05-19 23:00 UTC

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Welcome to Electrified. It's your host,
Dylan Lumis. We need to talk. I've been
struggling now for some time trying to
figure out the best way to do this.
Ultimately, I'm just going to be fully
transparent and let you know what I've
been thinking and what I've been
struggling with. Tesla itself has
changed its own mission statement, going
from transitioning the world to
sustainable energy now to one of amazing
abundance. And it's now been years that
myself and many others have been calling
Tesla an AI company when many others
were still labeling it as a car company.
And this channel, Electrified, was
always a very Tesla focused channel as
that's where my personal interests and
passion lies. But for years we talked
about the rest of the auto industry and
their electrification plans. But fast
forward to today and largely the rest of
the industry isn't doing anything in
terms of electrification. At least not
at scale. And then just right now
short-term Tesla is in this transition
phase where the news flow is just
different than it used to be. and I just
don't have it in me to try to turn any
small little tidbit of information into
a big breaking news story that deserves
in-depth coverage. Nor do I think it's
the right path for me to just start
uploading all of Elon's videos on my own
channel as if it was my own content. And
as always, no shade to anybody that does
that. They're just playing the game,
growing their followers, making more
money, and it's great for them. And with
the edits for improved quality, it can
absolutely be a valuable service. I'm
just saying it's not something I think I
should be doing as well. And my personal
mission with the channel has always been
to be as valuable as possible to try to
focus on signal and not noise. And
lately with the scope of electrified, I
just have to be honest, I felt very
limited because my personal passions
have broadened significantly as behind
the scenes I've been quite deep in AI
land playing with all of these tools and
new models. following that news flow
because I believe deeply it's going to
change the world in ways we have not
seen in some time and further there's
just no way around it. This Tesla and
SpaceX potential merger is not going
away anytime soon. It does seem to
become more likely by the day even
though people like Ron Baron have poured
a bit of cold water on that. But the
fact is Ron doesn't know nor does
anybody else. Elon might not even know
for sure at this point. But what's
happening with SpaceX and Cursor and
Anthropic and data centers in space and
Grock clearly will have huge
implications for Tesla's future
business. Whether there's a merger or
not, those synergies will continue to
grow. The Terraab will continue to be a
joint project. So whether we like it or
not, SpaceX and Tesla are already quite
intertwined and with each passing month
that will likely become bigger. And if
this SpaceX AI Tesla merger is
officially proposed one day, I will feel
much better knowing that I took some
time doing my best to educate everybody
on both sides of the argument so
everyone can make an informed decision.
So, I've just been starting to feel like
there are things I should be talking
about that I want to talk about, but
they've been a bit outside the scope of
this channel and how I've been operating
it to date. So much so that a few weeks
back I actually bought a trademark as I
was going to start a new channel more
focused on AI because I feel that
strongly about it. The problem is given
everything I have going on my life right
now behind the scenes if I'm being
honest with myself. I'm not sure I have
the bandwidth to start another channel
from zero in the future later this year
or into next year possibly. But I've
just been thinking about the best way to
go forward for a long time. Another
story line that gets mentioned all the
time is this convergence of Elon's
companies into one massive conglomerate.
Now, that may never happen, but you
cannot argue that just like Tesla and
SpaceX, there are already synergies
between many of Elon's companies. Think
about the Boring Company and how they'll
use Tesla vehicles and eventually it'll
be on FSD. So, without rambling for
another 10 minutes, because trust me, I
easily could, what I'm thinking is I
would like to slowly over time start to
broaden what we talk about here on this
channel. To be clear though, for the
foreseeable future, Tesla will always be
the focus. So, for the next few months,
from a content perspective, the only
thing I would think about changing is
adding in some more topics toward the
end of the videos that people can either
choose to watch or not. It would be
things like SpaceX and Starlink news and
how this cursor deal with SpaceX might
impact something like this digital
optimist program that these companies
are working on. It would be bringing
everyone up to speed on some of these
models from Cursor and how they compare
to the industry and what some of these
benchmarks are and how they work really
just so everybody can stay educated on
the latest and greatest in the AI space.
But again, for the next few months and
beyond, it would be as closely related
to Tesla as possible. And I'm still not
sure if in the short term I have the
bandwidth to go back to doing daily
videos, but at some point in the future
that's certainly on the table if there's
more topics that I can cover, knowing
that most of you here that have been
here loyally for years are still
interested in these broadening topics.
And I think it would be nice for a
portion of viewers here to have some 10
to 15 minute videos instead of 20 to 30
every now and then. So depending on how
the voting goes, I'm going to have a
poll here shortly on this video. And I'm
also going to run one over on X. And I
would greatly appreciate it if you would
take a minute or so to provide your
feedback because I will be listening and
it will have an impact on how I move
forward. So what I'm thinking is this.
The trademark that I bought that was
going to be for a new channel is
Demystify. Spelled differently. I think
it's awesome. It's just breaking down
the latest in the AI world. But once
again, the content of the channel would
still be focused on Tesla first and
foremost. And gradually over time, I
would just start adding in some broader,
more AI topics toward the end of the
videos. I'll keep doing the timestamps
as I've always done so you can navigate
how you see fit. And ultimately, I just
know I'm at my best when I'm pursuing
the things that I'm passionate about.
It's why I started this channel in the
first place. And lately, I felt a bit
stuck, kind of like a caged lion, where
I can only talk about certain topics on
this channel because I respect all of
you guys so much and I appreciate all of
your support so much that I've wanted to
keep delivering what you guys have come
to expect. So going forward, I don't
want you to think that this is some big
departure from what we've been doing,
rather than a growing of the channel and
an adding to what we've been doing. And
hopefully in the end, I can become an
even more valuable and educational
resource. One that I think is much more
aligned with where Elon and Tesla are at
now and where they're going. And further
than that, one that's better aligned
with the world that we are all living in
trying to make sense of. And for me, the
electrified branding will always have a
very special place in my heart, but if
I'm being honest, it feels like it's the
branding of the past. And like I said,
I'm still going to cover all of the
topics that I have been. I'll just be
adding to them. So, electrification and
sustainable energy is still going to be
a core part of what we talk about. It's
just with this rebranding, I wouldn't
feel so limited. And this is not your
concern, but I do think it might be
better for me to actually grow the
channel a bit going this route. And
again, ultimately, I just want to be as
valuable a resource as I can, breaking
down the most critical news of our day,
so everyone can make informed decisions,
not only about investing, but about life
in general and how we spend our time,
the tools that we decide to play with
and use, and to integrate in our daily
workflows. and I just happen to feel
strongly that my skill set will be
maximized by broadening the scope of the
channel going forward. So, one more
time, this is not a major departure from
the content we've been creating on this
channel. It's simply an addition to it.
So, please take a second to vote. I
think I can put a poll up on the screen
now. Hopefully, you guys will see that
and vote. And I'll also have one over on
X as well. So, thank you guys for all
the support. Thank you for listening.
Thank you for hopefully understanding at
least a bit where I'm coming from with
this. And cheers to hopefully many more
years covering Elon, Tesla, and AI news
as valuably as I can. And I'm going to
fly through the rest of this video for
today to try to keep the video as short
as possible so more people watch and
hopefully provide their feedback both in
the voting and in the comments below.
You guys loved this one last year, so I
figured I should run it back this year
and give you the opportunity yet again.
Today's video is sponsored by Chested
Chicago and they're running their 12th
annual Tesla raffle. So, not only can
you support a great cause, but enter for
the chance to win a Tesla, a Rivian, a
Lucid, or you can just take $50,000 in
cash. And on their website, you can go
see the winners for the past 11 years.
Your tickets do two things. of course
give you a real shot at some pretty
special prizes, but it also helps Chest
Chicago keep running their 80 plus
programs that support families in crisis
from food and furniture to helping
people find jobs and a lot more. And
don't be afraid to go to their website
and look at all of the service work this
organization does. It's not some fly by
night company. They've been around for
decades. The early bird special is going
on right now for a limited time. The
deadline is Monday, May 25th at 11:59
p.m. Central time. And if you buy two or
more tickets, you'll be automatically
entered to win a new top-of-the-line
smartphone. You'd have your choice of an
iPhone 17 Pro Max or a Samsung Galaxy
S26 Ultra. Plus, this year you can
supercharge your entry, if you will, for
$10 per ticket to add a Tesla wall
connector, including installation to
your prize if you win. And they're
saying only 9,999
tickets will be sold. So once they're
gone or the drawing date hits, that's
it. So if you'd like the chance to win
those prizes and do some good, you can
head to ccaffle.com
linked below and use my code electrified
to get $25 off two tickets or $500 off
15. Again, that's ccffle.com
and code electrified. Good luck. I feel
a bit dirty reporting on this one, but
Electric had an exclusive report today
that Tesla's building its solar panel
factory in Houston, specifically in
Brookshire, where it will be co-located
with the mega factory Tesla's building
at the site. Tesla has been doing most
of its solar work at Giga New York to
date, where the capacity is said to be
around 300 megawatts per year. But we
know Elon has said both Tesla and SpaceX
will each build out 100 gawatts of solar
manufacturing capacity in the years
ahead. We also learned this year Tesla
was in talks to buy $2.9 billion of
Chinese solar manufacturing equipment.
And we also know the plan for this site
is to be fully integrated. So taking the
raw input silicon and the ingots to the
wafers to the PV cells all the way to
final panel assembly. Electric also
saying that Tesla is building highly
complex clean roomgrade manufacturing
environments with more than $250 million
in capex across multiple simultaneous
facility builds and that Chinese solar
manufacturing equipment was reported to
be shipping to Texas. The site in
Brookshire about 35 mi west of Houston,
that's where Tesla leases two buildings
totaling 1.65 million square ft. And
that development includes plans for an
additional 600,000 square ft building,
taking the total to over 2 million
square ft. The site is 100% leased to
Tesla under a long-term agreement. We
know Tesla bundles mega packs with
utility scale solar installations and
Power Wall with rooftop solar. So having
both manufacturing operations on the
same site makes sense, simplifying the
supply chain logistics. And Houston also
offers a major port for equipment
imports, something that Austin cannot
offer. So Tesla going from 300 megawatts
in Buffalo to 100 gawatt in Houston
would be over a 300X. Now, of course, I
think this is going to take longer than
Tesla's timeline of around 2028, but we
know directionally the scale that
they're aiming for. For context, First
Solar, the current largest domestic
solar manufacturer in the US, is
expecting to have under 18 gawatts of
capacity by 2027. So Tesla's aiming for
six times that. And if Tesla pulls this
off, it would be one of the biggest
solar manufacturers in the world. And as
we know, guys, this really is the start
of it. These solar panels will
eventually power data centers on Earth
and in space. And it would be a time
like this where I could dive into
Colossus and its compute and what it
means that XAI is now transitioning into
becoming a cloud provider. And I know
XAI technically doesn't exist, but I'm
still going to use the name and I'm just
going to call it SpaceX for
simplification. Maybe I'll change that
after IPO or if I hear a lot of
feedback, but we'll see. Some more
context from the Solar Energy Industries
Association. The US solar industry
installed 43 gawatts of capacity in
2025, which was a 14% decrease from
2024. Set another way, if this facility
hits 100 gawatts per year at some point
in the future, it would be more than
double the capacity that the entire US
added in 2025. And in 2025, wafer
capacity came online in the US for the
first time since 2016. Module
manufacturing grew more than 50% last
year, but the actual production of these
facilities remains considerably below
domestic demand. And on the Q1 call this
year, Vibb did say Tesla has already
started placing orders for solar
manufacturing equipment. But
importantly, that was right after
saying, "Our current expectation for
this year is over $25 billion of capex,
which was up from 20 billion
previously." And the rest of that
paragraph was VIBOV explaining what the
increase that extra five billion was
for. So I think it's likely that that
extra $5 billion of capex does include
this facility in Houston. I wouldn't say
it's official because all they said was
solar manufacturing equipment and that's
likely the $3 billion deal from that
Chinese company. Solar has been largely
an afterthought for Tesla for the past
few years, but going forward that is
certainly set to change. The New York
Times put out another very positive
article about the Tesla Semi, saying,
"Early reviews of the Semi suggest it
could be a muchneeded hit for Tesla."
The owner of King Theot Trucking in
California, a company that has ordered
20 Tesla Semis, said the problem with
the tech out there right now is the
range is limited, they're heavy, and
they're expensive. But she said, "This
is something new coming to the market."
Talking about Tesla Semi that kind of
answers all of those problems. And the
article says, "Demand for the semi
appears strong. California trucking
firms have asked the state government
for subsidies to help them buy more than
1,200 Tesla semiis. That's more than all
the applications for other electric
trucks since the incentive program
started in 2019. A truck driver said the
semi was quieter than diesel rigs and
they can run the air conditioning while
waiting to drop off a load. Sometimes
that's not possible with diesel trucks
because California limits how long those
vehicles can idle in residential areas
or near schools and hospitals. Of
course, to minimize pollution. Tesla's
timing may be fortuitous. Diesel prices
have risen around 50% since the war with
Iran began, making battery power more
attractive. The president of Volvo
Trucks North America said, "I don't
think it's disruptive." Talking about
the Tesla Semi. He said Volvo is
planning a new model that'll have a
longer range next year. And he said,
"With Volvo's years of experience, they
provide the service and reliability
fleet owners demand." And the president
of Daimler Truck North America said
electric trucks were not practical for
long trips because there aren't enough
high-powered chargers. Infrastructure
continues to be a challenge. To which I
would add, until it's not. So, time will
tell if 14.3 is actually a banger. But
one thing at Tesla that we can be pretty
sure of will be a banger is Tesla's
semi. And as we've been covering, the
early subsidy data confirms that notion.
You may have seen House lawmakers
proposed bipartisan legislation that
would require EV owners to pay a $130
fee to pay for road repairs every year
and $35 for some plug-in hybrids. This,
of course, because EVs don't pay that
diesel and gas tax, which largely goes
to pay for the roads. If this goes
through, the fees would be raised $5 per
year starting in 2029, up to a total of
150 for EVs and 50 for plug-in hybrids.
And yes, the expectation is this would
be in addition to any state registration
fees that you're currently paying. This
year, for example, where I live, I'm set
to pay $250 per EV. And while I'd love
to see an itemized spending list of how
these road repairs are being done and
where all of that funding is actually
going, I think the main push back is
just it might not be fair for EV owners
that don't drive very much. They're
paying the same rate as people that
drive all the time. But it's one to
watch. Elon just gave a new interview to
Forbes and their innovator summit. So 5
years being say 2031
um I think
digital intelligence will exceed the sum
of all human intelligence
&gt;&gt; that there will be in five years
probably
there might be a
let's say at least a 100red million
humanoid robots but maybe a billion.
So take that for what you will. And he
also mentioned opportunity here.
&gt;&gt; Electric aircraft probably an
opportunity there. I think there's some
of startups in that field.
&gt;&gt; What kind of what kind of aircraft?
&gt;&gt; Electric aircraft.
&gt;&gt; Electric aircraft. I'm sure that's
coming. Um
&gt;&gt; and in a separate interview for the
Samson Smart Mobility Summit, Elon said
he's hoping for FSD to be approved in
Israel sometime this year, hopefully
soon. But he also said that he expects
widespread deployment of robo taxis in
the US by the end of this year. But
let's be real, Elon has been a literal
yo-yo when it comes to his expectations
in public statements about robo taxi
rollout. So I'm really not sure how much
stock we can put in any of it. And for
what it's worth, he said in 10 years he
thinks around 90% of all miles traveled
will be autonomous vehicles. Shifting to
FSD14.3.
That's still in the very early phases of
the roll out, maybe under 50 vehicles so
far based on the trackers. Elon said
this one nags less and there have been
reports of some people going up to a
minute without a nag, but per the usual,
I think it'll be situational. Elon also
said 14.3 is a banger. And he wasn't
lying as Devon Olsen shared a video of 3
parking and hitting the curb. He said
he's never had FSD back up this far
during a destination park and it only
stopped after he hit the brake once they
hit the curb. And in the video, he
actually points out that's not even a
parking space, nor is it how you're
supposed to park. And I have watched
Dirty Tesla's video of 3 and the parking
seems quite suspect as well. So, there
may be some regressions in parking with
3. And Chris's wife said 14.3.x is
broken. The phantom braking is getting
out of hand. and she added she had a
very bad phantom break on DOT3 today.
But overall, based on all the reports
I'm seeing, it seems like the phantom
braking is improved from DOT 2, but
clearly not all gone. DJ said within the
first 30 seconds of DOT 3, he had his
first critical disengagement. But to be
clear, later he did say the performance
was much better after a rough start. The
intervene screen has been updated again.
It's now navigation, parking, critical,
or other. And I am hearing you can
remove this if you doubleclick the voice
activation button on the wheel if you
don't want to provide feedback. Mike P
said he's still unfortunately seeing
left lane camping in standard mode on 3.
And if you somehow missed it amidst all
of the debate, there is now a streak for
how long you can remain on FSD without
disengaging that shows up on the UI. For
me, I think the solution is simple. I do
not like this implementation. I would
rather see a leaderboard where it just
counts total miles traveled on FSD. That
way, you can still disengage when you
need to, but continue to rack up the
miles, and you can do all of this
safely. And the actually smart summon
speed has been bumped to 8 mph, up from
six before. For the Tesla Semi, last
year, the fleet achieved over 95% uptime
with those very early builds, and 75% of
service visits were completed in under
24 hours. A Chinese financial outlet
today is reporting that Tesla has
decided to abandon its plan to build a
factory in India for several reasons.
Reason one, India's domestic supply
chain and industrial support system have
significant shortcomings. Reason two,
Tesla and the Indian government have
been locked in a long-term negotiation
deadlock, unable to reach a consensus on
whether to lower tariffs before or after
building the factory, which is a major
reason for Tesla's cancellation of the
India factory plan. Further, India faces
challenges like insufficient
infrastructure, a mismatch between the
buying power of the auto market and the
positioning of Tesla's high-end models
and numerous uncertainties and policy
risks in the business environment. So,
it sounds like it's off the table, but I
would add for now this could always be a
negotiating tactic and Tesla's just
focusing on what it has going on
elsewhere. And once the cyber cab is in
production and deployed and Tesla's
ready to manufacture that globally, then
maybe India comes back into the
conversation. And this was serendipitous
timing today for my argument about
broadening the scope here on the
channel. Elon said anthropic won't be
destroyed. Their AI and harness goes far
beyond coding and Opus 4.7 is still
better than Composer 2.5, albeit a lot
more expensive. Cursor is however an
important piece of the puzzle to making
Grock much better. And of course, Grock
is already in Tesla vehicles and will be
a huge factor when it comes to Optimus.
So again, whether you're excited about
AI or not, it's impossible to deny the
impact all of this is going to have on
Tesla's future. And it's a fascinating,
very fastmoving industry. Andre Carpathy
today announced he has joined Anthropic.
He said, "I think the next few years at
the frontier of LLMs will be especially
formative. I'm excited to join the team
here and get back to R&amp;D. I remain
deeply passionate about education and
plan to resume my work on it in time.
And earlier this month, I'm sure you've
heard it, SpaceX signed an agreement
with Anthropic to provide access to
Colossus 1. So, the connections, the
overlap, the talent, the implications, I
think it's all pretty incredible. And
today, Sloak pointed out that he saw a
production version Cyber Cab in Houston
that now has a license plate. So, I
don't want to get ahead of ourselves,
but it could be a step toward actual
cyber cab deployment. However, I have to
point out that the Texas Transportation
Code does indeed require all vehicles
being driven on the roads to have a
license plate. But yes, it is indeed a
required step before eventual
deployment. So, I'll cut it off there. I
really am looking forward to all of your
feedback on broadening the scope of this
channel going forward. Thank you for
bearing with me on the episode today. I
really just need to get this all sorted
so I can move forward confidently. Don't
forget, check out CC Raffle linked below
for those interested. Best of luck.
Thank you as always for supporting the
channel. Hope you all have a wonderful
day and a huge thank you to all of my
Patreon supporters.