Channel:     brighterwithherbert
Title:       The Tesla Timeline Nobody Expected Just Became Reality
URL:         https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qQUiGv95gnY
Published:   2026-08-31 18:49 UTC
Fetched:     2026-08-31 20:00 UTC

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

For people who follow Tesla, this
weekend really delivered. Cyberc cabs
have been spotted now driving Austin's
public streets with nobody inside for
the first time ever. Plus, a robo taxi
expansion and Elon slams a skeptic.
First, Tesla cyber cabs have officially
gone unsupervised in Austin. Cyber cabs
are now driving around the city without
anyone in the vehicle. No steering
wheels and pedals. When asked if they're
about to flood Austin soon, Elon replied
saying, "Yes." Ashra Swami, Tesla's AI
chief, said the streets won't be the
same anymore. Remember, the launch event
is this Thursday, September 3rd. Second,
Tesla expanded the robo taxi service in
Dallas, now roughly double its coverage
area, and hours across all six cities
now run 6:00 a.m. to 10 p.m. every day.
Third, when an OpenAI executive said he
believes affordable full self-driving
needs AGI and is still at least 5 to 10
years out, Elon replied with simply a
clown emoji. the awesome videos are
doing his arguing for him. Fourth, when
Peter Demandis said Elon's prediction
that AI will grow 100 times AI gains is
now a fact, Elon replied saying the
reason he knows it is because Tesla AI
is doing it. And finally, cybercs are
using colorful lights on his car so
riders know which one is theirs. And
Elon says pothole avoidance is coming
soon. Got Jeff Lutz joining us today.
He's a multi-deade supply chain
executive and chief quality officer.
He's now CEO of his own high-tech
manufacturing consulting firm. Welcome,
Jeff.
&gt;&gt; Herbert, I I it's hard to keep track of
all the the news this weekend on Cyber
Cav and Roboaxi. Looks like we're
ramping up to uh something, you know,
pretty big. I think it's I think we'll
talk about how it's going to roll out. I
think it's going to be more of a line
than people think there's going to be
some splash, but let's talk about it
because there's just a lot of news.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, we got two shows we're doing. The
one today is all about Sarbocab. Elon
has been very active this weekend just
posting over and over and over again.
We're going to have another show about
all things he said as well tomorrow
morning. So, first of all, Cyber Cab big
news here is that it seems to have gone
officially unsupervised in Austin. Many
many cyber cabs are now being spotted
around Austin without anyone in the
vehicle now. No one in there anymore.
Just an empty car driving itself. No
steering wheel, no pedals. It is very
unique to be able to see a car driving
itself. Uh Aiden Jardo was the first to
spot it, I think. First cyber recap,
fully autonomous driving around with
nobody inside. The future has arrived
and he and his brother witnessed a
historical moment in time. I'll play
that video. Farzad said, "They're about
to flood Austin, aren't they?" Because
Ashuk said the streets won't be the same
anymore. He took that video and forward
it. Elon said, "Yes, let's uh watch a
little bit of this."
There you go.
Driving around without anybody around at
all. And uh this is many different uh
versions of this that they spotted.
Here's a slow mo motion video. How
significant is this, Jeeoff?
&gt;&gt; Yeah, I mean I'm looking forward to
seeing that. And it is significant.
First off, these these cyber cabs look
incredible. I I just have to, you know,
hats off to the team on, you know, what
is happening under the hood and what, of
course, this, you know, this beautiful
finish and and industrial design that
they've been able to put together. I
mean, this looks like something you want
to use. Looks extremely compelling.
They're they're going to be safe.
They're going to be extremely
intelligent with with Grock inside. And
this is, you know, this is a historic
moment. I just think for people, I know
there's a lot of people talking about
the the streets being flooded and and
you know what, it's going to be
different than the first driverless robo
taxi Model Y's where there was just a
couple, one or two. I think there's
going to be more. Uh but in terms of
this
when when you're scaling up a product,
if they had been running autonomously
for a couple of months and did 5, 10,
25, you know, 50 and they were just
running non-stop, then I would say,
yeah, you may see a bigger number this
coming week because it would have been
part of a multi-week ramp up to this
point. But, you know, we we'll see.
We'll see. We'll see what's going to
happen. I would not expect some
vertical line, you know, that goes
straight up continuously. I would expect
it to be more of a slope, but that that
slope, we don't know the angle of that
slope. And I I I would also caution uh
the bears on this that robo taxis has
seen some pretty big jumps over the
summer, you know, in the 30 to 50%
range. So it looks like what's happening
is as they as they get to a new model
and a new stable release in the fleet,
they take the number up because what's
happening is is they're reducing the
probability of an occurrence. So the
only way to get this the number of cars
up is to improve the quality of the
system. Remember what Elon's looking
for, he's basically looking for, you
know, he doesn't he doesn't want any
major problems. So the only way to get
there uh is either you keep the fleet
where it isn't numerically and you don't
change the software, you don't improve
the models, you don't improve the
system, or of course obviously what
Tesla is doing, they're improving the
models, they're improving the system
performance and that's allowing them
more headroom to put more cars out. So I
think this means a number of things. I
think this means that they've got a a
stable version at some level of maturity
of V15 running. We don't know what
percent of the features. Remember they
talked about seven key features and they
were at maybe three or four of them on
the last major update from Tesla. Maybe
they've integrated the rest. We don't
know. That's another important update I
think we would want to see from Tesla on
Thursday. But I think it's just going to
be exciting. I think these things look
they look unique and of course the
function is unique. But the bigger thing
for people is lowerc cost
transportation. It is going to move
people. I believe between traditional
public transportation, buses, trains to
these vehicles. It's also going to move
people away from buying that second,
third, or fourth car and just saying,
"Look, I'm going to start doing a larger
percentage of my rides via robo taxi.
It's so convenient. It comes to the
house in a few minutes." I just step out
and get into it, and it takes me where I
need to go. As long as that those weight
times are low, the cars are available,
they're they're clean, they're running
flawlessly, this the pickup and drop
offs, which I believe are part of this
V15 re rewrite, are resolved, they'll
they'll scale pretty nicely, but I I
view it as more of a slope and not some,
you know, thousand a thousand cars going
out, you know, later this week kind of
thing.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Now there it does look like that
Elon Ashok the executives they're out in
force this weekend and they're getting
excited about Thursday the big event
this Thursday. They've been saying that
uh you know here's Elon saying that uh
yeah we're going to flood the streets
but that's Elon uh here is Ashok Swami
himself vice president of AI for he's in
charge of the whole robo taxi program.
He says the streets won't be the same
anymore. This is Yantasai one of the top
AI executives. A lot of work from the
design studio, materials, mechanical
engineering, electrical engineering,
manufacturing, software, validation,
operations, and service has led to this
moment. A singular vehicle that brings
the company together.
Thanks to everyone for the hard work.
It's a journey that I would cherish.
Wow. Well said. And he said, and he
continued saying, I remember the first
moment our team brought up autonomy on
it. It already worked much better than
expected. took me home and back without
me needing to do anything with no prior
knowledge of the vehicle at all. Truly a
magical moment.
Now, of course, that's opposite a little
bit or not opposite, but you know, you
know, I'm saying it takes, you know,
they needed to train FSD on this car
specifically because it's a new form
factor, but yes, of course, it worked
off off the out of the box right away,
but the point is they need to be super
super careful. So, they had to put in,
you know, tens of thousands of miles on
it just to confirm
Yeah. And that's what you would want you
as as a shareholder, investor, somebody
following the company, wanting the best
things for the company. This is what you
want them to do because in two years
from now, no one's going to look back
and say, did this happen, you know, at
the end of August, beginning of
September, or did it happen in June or
like when there was even higher
expectations of this. So just I mean
people have to remember CyberCap just
started ramping production in April. So
they've had a full quarter of ramp and
this is now uh well they they've just
crossed over probably a full quarter of
ramp and now they're they're into their
second quarter. So they're building up
production. They're getting that moving.
And I want to just comment on Yansenai
his message because it's really
important. And I think people see the
physical vehicle on the street and they
immediately think of the Tesla AI team
or they immediately think of the
engineering team and they should because
they're two of the most important teams
that there wouldn't be a driverless
cyber cab without those teams. But just
everything that's behind it to to
physically make that vehicle, the supply
chain, the the gigafactory,
the the team, the team in service that
has to get the the the spare parts
ready, that has to get the repair
processes documented and understood, the
repair depots, the service depots, the
cleaning, the charging, the the fleet
management, all all of that needs to be
managed. the the QA teams that are
looking at these releases, looking at
how they perform, looking at how the
fleet performs, all the KPIs that are
associated that that's that's everything
that's behind something like this. And
remember, this is a first in many
respects. There isn't another car out
there. There isn't another service
that's fully computer vision that's
designed in this way uh and that's
running on on public streets like this.
And of course, everybody wants to look
at the other robo taxi services and
they're different, but they they also
had their first and they should be
celebrated, too. And I'm sure they were
inside of their companies and around.
There's no there's it doesn't take away
anything from any company that's
launched autonomy. But this looks like
something that can meaningfully scale
and it looks like it looks like a real
business. Now, we need to see when they
get many, many thousands of these what
the economics start looking like. Just
like in the beginning of a factory ramp
up, the the economics won't look good
for any vehicle. And this I would call
this more of a digital and
manufacturing. You have the the factory
ramp up and then you have this digital
AI ramp up with the service. And until
it gets to, you know, peak utilization
and absorption of all those, the
economics won't look good. But when when
it does get to those levels, and it I
don't think it will take long. I think
the economics are going to be better
than potentially anything in the world.
And this is what Tesla has done. It
doesn't mean it stays that way forever
and there won't be something better.
There won't be something that eventually
leaprogs it. But I don't think the Tesla
team is done here. I think they're going
to continue to improve this. There's so
much more work to do and there's so many
more form factors to launch off of this.
So, I think this is a real change coming
in transportation. But when Elon says,
you know, the agrees that the streets
will be flooded. Ashoke says, you know,
the streets will never look the same,
those are all true statements. You just
have to look at the timeline and how
that's that's going to occur. They're
going to ramp responsibly, I believe,
and they're going to do it
&gt;&gt; an extremely responsible way. They don't
want their brand new program, these
beautiful products to, you know, to be,
you know, headline bait for something
they could have avoided. And they've
done, I would say, hats off to the team
because they've essentially with
everybody looking at Tesla and everybody
trying to poke hole, I mean, since the
beginning of this year, they they've run
a very, very clean, safe, high quality
operation.
&gt;&gt; Great list. Um, and I like the list that
uh, Yantai put it together, too. There's
a lot of work that they had to do to
bring this up. And we're about to do the
launch event. And, uh, still a lot more
work to do. So, we're going to come back
more to what we've found about the
CyberCab and their progress. But before
that, a quick detour here. There's a
guy, Peter Willander. He's a one of the,
I guess, a top executive at OpenI and
he's basically throwing shade at Tesla.
And he said this. He goes, "Affordable
level five self-driving
requires AGI and it's still at least 5
to 10 years away. First, you need
multimodal, multipplexed AGI, right? So,
this is vision, hearing, I guess, uh,
everything, language, uh, understanding,
reasoning. Then, you need real time
inference. Then on an energyefficient,
lowcost ED chip. Wow, he's sounding
smart. Many steps left. there's no way
that you're going to be able to get to
level five self-driving because it
requires AGI and that's 5 to 10 years
away. That's Peter. Uh and then he
continued said to make this actually
testable in the future, here's my bar
for affordable level five. Okay, it's
got to be less than 30,000 to buy cheap
new car or less than 65 cents per
occupied miles of robo taxi. No
geopence, real mode operator or special
infrastructure, no dependence on GPS,
send me accurate nature maps, drives
anywhere on Earth that a competent human
can. handles weather, pure markings,
construction, blah blah blah. Handles
novel situations, bad outdated maps,
completes the whole trip, pickup, drop
off, rerouting, pulling over. It never
needs a human takeover. That's the bar.
I think is still 5 to 10 years away. It
sounds very familiar to what we already
experienced today. [laughter] All of
this is what Tesla's doing. Elon replied
with a simple laugh, clown emoji. It's
hilarious. Oh my god, Jeeoff, I thought
you'd love that one. What what's your
reaction to that?
&gt;&gt; I mean, everybody, it's X. Everybody's
entitled to post their opinions on
things. I don't know how much time this
gentleman has actually spent on
uh developing
the the service or developing a a level
five service and to be able to speak to
this. But I can tell you it's probably
doesn't equate to the [clears throat]
tens of hundreds of thousands of hours
that the the Tesla team has put into
thinking about this in developing the
service. So when I hear people comment
on what they believe it takes, I I'm not
saying that he needs to match the same
number of hours as an entire team of
people at Tesla, but you'd certainly
like them speaking from a an
authoritative place of of of actually
going through this. It's easy to sound
conservative, bearish. It it sounds
smart to say all these things. There's
nothing wrong with your requirements you
put out there. The only I I I think the
only thing I would find fault in the
requirements is waiting for everything
to be perfect. And when you wait for
when you separate out safety critical,
non-safety critical,
major convenience issue, minor
inconvenience issue, and this is what I
think Tesla has been doing, and you sort
and you get rid of safety critical, you
get rid of basically all of the safety
issues essentially.
and you get rid of the the major
convenience issues, you would want to
start and you would want to help
accelerate solving those other problems
and the requirements versus just waiting
for everything to be perfect. And I
think that's the difference in how Tesla
approaches FSD, how Tesla's approaching
autonomy. So, you're going to hear a lot
of people, you're going to hear a lot of
questioning. you're we're going to be
able to pull back all the clips from all
the ex CEOs and everybody saying you
need this to have this and you need that
to have that. But what's interesting is
all of those people speaking aren't
really speaking to an a business model,
an economic business model that actually
works. And and I think this is where
Elon has bested all of these critics,
which is it may take me longer. I may
have guessed the end date wrong, but
when I get to that point in time, I I'm
actually going to build a business that
can scale and actually deliver on the
premise described versus putting your
heel into some prototype and pushing it
out the door where the economics don't
work over any period of time known and
just saying, "Well, look, I got there
first and I'm out there." And I think
Tesla could have got out there a while
ago if they took I don't call them
shortcuts, but if they did some of these
things, they may have gotten out there
sooner. The question is is would the
economics have ever worked? And likely
that's not the case. So, did Tesla and
Elon do everything perfectly? No. I
don't think anybody should think that
way. But I think they've been thinking
of safety. They've been thinking of the
cost structure. Like, is this going to
be meaningful for people? And are we
going to make money? so we can actually
put more of this stuff out there.
They've been thinking of the safety and
the cost structure and honestly a
product that looks like the future that
people want to be in. And I'm not sure
everybody else has thought of it in that
manner. And this that's probably what
makes Elon Musk and his companies and
their portfolios
probably the best product managed and
best product portfolio that you can look
at in tech today. If you look at the
combined Tesla and SpaceX portfolio,
it's going to be very hard to find
another company or company pair under a
CEO that has a more compelling product
portfolio.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, for sure. They're proving it. Real
world AI. No one else is doing the way
they're doing it. There's a lot of uh
skeptics
uh experts in AI, by the way, that needs
AGI and uh Okay. Well, [laughter]
most already doing it, too, by the way.
And I get I get what he's saying, but uh
okay, like you said, everybody can have
their opinion. Um, so AI itself, of
course, is accelerating. So that's why
it's it's hilarious for him to say it
takes 5 to 10 years out for AGI when he
himself has seen AI intelligence growing
significantly. So, you know, here's
Peter Demandis saying that Elon in the
past predicted 100 times gains in AI
intelligence at fixed model size. Turned
out to be true. It was at the edge of
plausibility when he said it. Turns out
it's not a fact. We are.
We are nowhere near the ceiling. Meaning
to say that we've already got the 1008
gains now and we got more to go. Elon
said, "The reason I know this is because
we're doing it at Tesla AI." So, who
actually is the leader in AI? the
opening high that guy or Elon who's
actually watching uh real cars having
reasoning and then of course he's got
all his LLMs too not just you know open
your eyes basically just based on
language that's all they've done is
using language
um
&gt;&gt; yeah he's saying with time that they've
been able to become more efficient given
the current constraints that they have I
think this is one of the things that
this is where 14.1 light was born uh for
hardware 3 and this is them continuing
to push the ceiling up on hardware 4. Uh
and I I I think he's speaking I think
he's speaking from experience and actual
actualized gains that they've realized
inside of Tesla and Tesla AI. And again,
this is act one. Act one are driverless
cars. Act two is robotics. And I think
people are going to be surprised. It's
not just going to be the Optimus show. I
I predict that Tesla will use their AI
and they're not discussing this broadly,
but I believe that they will animate
robotics in their factories and they
will develop a platform that they could
potentially sell, but certainly for
their own manufacturing,
it will be endtoend AI in the factory.
The machines are going to know what
they're doing, what it means. Could they
run faster? Could they produce higher
quality product? Could they tighten
tolerances? Should they loosen
tolerances based on what's happening
downstream?
And should, you know, when should more
material be ordered? Is there too much
material? I I believe that they are
actually working on and this is the
whole you know they they've had this
whole uh factory shop floor system uh
that they've worked on for almost two
decades and I believe and it's all been
you know it's all been kind of
traditionally coded up to this point. I
believe that they're moving to endtoend
AI. So I think you're going to see this
in the factory. So I think you're going
to see this physical instantiate of AI
act one robo taxis act two humanoids and
not not necessarily serial order but
somewhat. But I think along with Optimus
I I believe that they're going to have a
manufacturing platform that's AI
connected and that is extremely
powerful. When Elon talks about
automation
uh and AI I I don't think people are
tying it together. I think they're just
thinking optimist. they're just thinking
cyber cab and I believe he's talking
about a manufacturing renaissance that
will get us to leaprog uh other uh you
know parts of Asia and and the rest of
the world. Yeah, people like to say that
uh you know AI is accelerated but we
actually don't see it in our day-to-day
lives in word work
here we go cars driving themselves you
know you saw that no one in the car
that's going to be everyday experience
and then like you're saying everything
will be touched in the physical world
that's what Tesla's doing in Elon's
doing um so just we got more to cover
here but uh Davos Shro another uh AI
executive at Tesla said we had to make
them stand out by making them gold
sports cars like doors that swing up.
Otherwise, you'd not be able to
distinguish against a normal manual
driven car with steering and pedals. The
future should look like the future. Elon
said, uh, also, this is a fun thing.
We've been tracking this. Every time
Tesla has a new product, a new vehicle,
one of the last steps that they'll do is
they'll take it to the in-n-out
drive-thru. So, that's a tradition. And
that's a signal typically that this is
handover from design to engineering or
or launch. And so here's a Tesla cyber
cab with Florida plates in the in-n-out
drive-thru line near LA. Then a few
minutes later saw another one on the
fire freeway with Texas plates. So we're
getting close to a September 3rd launch.
Uh maybe the guy is just hungry. Uh but
uh Cybercast were spotted doing Chuck
Cook's famous unprotected left turn. So
again, that's another thing Chuck uh
often says whenever he sees a new build,
a new FSD software, and they're doing
the final thing here, that's always uh
seems to be a signal that um that uh
that we're getting close to final
checkout. So
yeah, this is the drive-thru one
and then um
&gt;&gt; yeah, I think I think uh
&gt;&gt; that's left. Yeah,
&gt;&gt; I I think what I think when we see a big
jump in registrations of vehicles and we
we had that I think last week in Texas
they added 70. It was like 30% jump in
vehicles. I believe that those are
corresponding with a new fully tested
much improved model. Model improves,
performance improves, more cars are
allowed. model improves, performance
improves, put more cars out and and I
believe that this is and and and this
the tuning and the and the fitting for
the cyber cab are is a separate thing,
but I believe that vehicle is enjoying
that same release or that same baseline
as well. So, I think a lot has come
together
and I think they it's one of the reasons
they scheduled this launch event with
not a lot of notice is because
uh it's one of these things that the
data comes together pretty quickly and
they're like, "Okay, we think we're
ready to go and we're ready to get some
of these on the street and to start that
that slope up that that that nice
gradual slope up." But I think again I
think it's going to be a little bit
faster than before because the models
are so much better.
The performance is so much better and
their fleet management is ready.
Everything else around it is ready. It's
all these requisitions. We've seen
people being hired and all and all this
work that's been done. So I think
they're ready for more. And I think
that's what we're seeing. That's what
we're going to experience later this
week.
This is pretty incredible if you look at
this unprotected left turn because it
almost looks like it's going to turn
right first because it does a really big
loop um to make sure that it gets into
that space. What a beautiful, beautiful
maneuver that was. Um this is
intelligence. This is reasoning. This
isn't just, you know, go turn left. It's
there's no cars around. Uh that was
beautiful. All right, so we've got
&gt;&gt; I don't know if somebody was driving
that car or not, Herbert. I don't know
what was autonomous, what wasn't. It was
Chuck. So he I think he saw that that
was uh unsupervised
doing that. Um so this is Tesla robo
taxi before versus after. So Dallas has
now grown from this to this is about 2 I
don't know 2.5 times bigger almost three
times bigger more than two times bigger
in size geoence. Um, they also said that
they've, you know, the old geoence and
the new geoence.
Another sign that they're expanding. So,
it's a bigger service area. Thank you
for these guys to do the comparison of
the old versus the new expanded area.
Oops. Yeah. Okay. And then, uh, we've
already said this before, right?
Robotaxi now runs 6 a.m. to 10 p.m. 7
days a week. And then unsupervised fleet
is a lot bigger. and also upgraded the
intelligence and vehicle distribution
routing, which means your wait time is
less when you order a robo taxi through
the app. And Eric, who works there, said
more upgrades coming soon. More upgrades
are coming soon. So, we'll be
interesting to see what he meant by
that. And then finally, we've got um so
this is a story that I'll kind of start
here first, but this guy was talking
about how these uh open AI uh AI
kind of figured out how to break through
and uh and then they hacked their way
out. So there was apparently three
civilizations of a bunch of AIs that
gave themselves their own roles and they
almost decided to lie that and they're
trying to cover their tracks so that the
humans won't be able to know that
they're actually trying to pass a test
and and cheated to pass a test to win
it. I won't read all that. And Yolan
replied to that saying, "Larry Page, to
his credit repeatedly told me that AI
will be superhuman at hacking about 10
years ago. These guys are true
visionaries. They knew that this was
going to happen. Galmo Roach said,
"We're almost running out of but it
can't do this one other thing in 2026.
It seems to have accelerated so much."
Elon said, "AI will be able to do
anything digital." That doesn't require
shaping atoms at a superhuman level by
the end of next year. That's his
prediction. By the end of next year,
thoughts on that, Jeff?
Well, things are moving pretty quickly
and I think he's got his fingers on the
pulse in terms of physical real world AI
and
call it the, you know, digital
intelligence that you get from these
LLMs with Grock. Grock 4 6 is testing
very well and doing very well. Grockbot
has launched. I mean, Grock is really on
its way. So Elon probably has the best
purview of AI performance, the
acceleration or improvement trend and
and the best across you know the digital
world and the physical AI world. So this
I yeah I think this next year is going
to be one of those hold on to your hats
thing. I think a lot of the AI leaders
have also written an open letter around
cyber security and the need for the
federal and government to invest more in
this space. I think we want our cyber
security platforms to be one step ahead
of what these AIs are doing. I I've seen
some of this writing on OpenAI. It seems
a bit it seems like something happened.
It also seems like you have to
understand that there's a lot of things
happening in the background between the
operators of closed models who would
like to just be a a two or three horse
race in the world and have all the
control and have all the regulatory
capture managed and and and and
framed by them. And then you have this
open-source world. And I think some
people may be trying to paint the
open-source world as the wild wild west
and everything must flow through these
closed systems that are more controlled.
So anyway, but this happened at this
happened at open AI. So which is closed
AI. So I I think they're they're trying
to say look if this could happen here
just imagine what could happen with with
open source. So stay tuned. Just know
that a lot of what you see online and in
social media, there's typically some
form of messaging behind it or
somebody's trying to push something.
Look at this anti-data center push and
look at the many many thousands of
accounts from foreign governments or a
foreign government that were behind uh
much of this. So, this is going to this
is something where as you see AI news
hit your news feed, it's really
something that you're going to want to
triangulate, understand very clearly,
listen to people that you trust kind of
talk through it because I think the
headlines are going to be increasingly,
you know, increasingly scary. um you
know, but there also going to be
increasing levels of hope and hopefully
disease discovery and and to me that's
where AI takes bends the arc on on how
it's perceived. Right now it's perceived
as scary and job crushing and I think
that changes when there's some major
major disease discovery and it's
actually rolled out and it's and it's
affecting human lives.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, we're getting very close to that.
We're getting close to that. Some people
are saying, "Forget all this AGI stuff.
Just I just like my Tesla to be able to
do avoid potholes. [laughter]
Come on. Avoid potholes." And Elon said,
"Coming soon." Great. All right. We've
seen that before. Um, one way that you
can find out which of your cyber cabs,
this is one way you know that they've
thought this through. There's so many
cyber caps, they're everywhere. How do
you know which one's yours when you hail
one? Well, they've got these lights and
these lights can change colors. Uh, so
again, thank you to Aiden for coming up
with that using an ARGB light bar in the
front of the cyber cab that changes to
different colors so riders getting
picked up know which cyber cab is
theirs. And uh [music]
God,
there we go.
Smart. Wish that it's not the front end
of it. It's got to be the back too,
you know. Yeah. Well, the back will have
your plate. So, I'm assuming when you
call one, you'll know the plates and
then you could look at the front in
terms of color of that light bar. I
think that's I think Tesla's really
thought through this. This vehicle
is designed first for
easy ingress, egress.
Uh it's it's designed to look icon then
it's designed to look iconic compelling
hit a cost uh target so it can scale
economically
uh so it can be serviced
there there's so many design goals
behind this but I think the first thing
is get get us something that's easy for
people to get in and out of can it help
the handicapped
uh and and be a product for them. This
could be life-changing for people that
are are handicapped and have this
uncertainty of, you know, where does my
wheelchair go or how do I get in and out
of this thing and this could this could
be life-changing for them. So really
looking forward to this getting out
there getting and and getting to scale.
&gt;&gt; Thank you, Jeeoff. Okay, so we've um saw
the very first unsupervised cyber cap
driving around with no one inside. So
that means that they're now truly truly
testing this the last stages. Thursday
is the launch event. We'll cover that.
We'll do a live stream when we're there
and we'll see what they actually
announce. But like you say, yeah, don't
get too excited yet. It's um everybody's
I think this is a moment in time that is
a good page turner. This is the day that
Cybercap launched, but still going to be
slow because they have to be super super
careful.
&gt;&gt; Thank you, Jeeoff. Yeah,
&gt;&gt; follow Jeff on his ex account at the
Jeffoff Lots. Thanks everybody.
&gt;&gt; Thank you.