Channel:     electrified
Title:       Elon Drops 3 New Bombshells (Explained) - Can We Trust Them? ⚡️
URL:         https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=X5gtc-xYFoo
Published:   2026-06-05 22:15 UTC
Fetched:     2026-06-05 23:00 UTC

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Welcome to Electrified. It's your host
Dylan Lumis. I need to give a big shout
out to my guy, my pickle ball brother
Bew. You know who you are. Just want to
say thank you for everything. Super glad
we met and I'm sure I'll be seeing you
soon. And I hope that new Model S treats
you incredibly well for years to come.
And seriously, thank you for being my
hype, man. I appreciate you. All right,
so the current noise when it comes to
the SpaceX IPO and Tesla is easily at an
all-time high. The markets are selling
off and being a Tesla investor today is
very different than it was even just 2
or 3 years ago. At time of recording,
Tesla stock is down today almost 7%. And
naturally, you have plenty of people
saying, "See, everybody selling Tesla
stock to buy SpaceX." And I'm sure to
some degree that's happening. However,
guys, let's not forget the NDX currently
is down over 4%. And Tesla stock
historically has had a beta of between
1.5 and 2.3. So on a day like today with
the NASDAQ where it is, Tesla could
easily be down 8% just moving in line
with the broader market. So frankly,
there might be nothing specific going on
with Tesla stock. It's just the overall
markets are dumping. As I always say,
it's usually more than just one thing.
But at this point, better than expected
labor market data likely means the
Federal Reserve's move will be more
tightening than it will be loosening,
which means higher rates for longer,
which is worse for longer duration
companies like Tesla. But yeah, of
course, there's way more to the story.
There are some serious questions right
now about the ROI of all of this AI
compute spend. Topic for another day. I
just wanted to say what's happening with
Tesla stock today doesn't have that much
to do with Tesla's fundamental business.
And I just want to be fully transparent.
I'm not selling any Tesla stock for the
SpaceX IPO. I have requested some SpaceX
shares through Fidelity, but definitely
not a lifealtering amount. I just wanted
to go through the process really out of
curiosity to see if I would get approved
for any shares and really just to have
some skin in the game until a potential
merger with Tesla. And the last thing I
want to say, I've been thinking about
this so much. I am very confident Elon
is not going to let Tesla shareholders
draw the short straw when it comes to
that potential merger, acquisition,
whatever it is. Of course, it all boils
down to valuations at the time. But if
SpaceX is the company acquiring Tesla,
I'm very confident the offer SpaceX will
make to ultimately buy Tesla will be one
that does right by Tesla shareholders.
even if it happens before Tesla actually
scales up the robo taxi ramp in earnest.
So obviously not that we should just
write off the merger as it's only good.
We should definitely understand what's
happening if it happens. But I just want
to say I think the fears that Tesla
shareholders are going to somehow be
screwed for lack of a better term are
indeed a bit overblown. But of course we
will cross that bridge if and when it
comes. The response was overwhelming
last time, so I feel like I need to
mention it one more time. Chested
Chicago, the sponsor of this video, is
running its 12th annual Tesla raffle.
Meaning, if you enter, you'll give
yourself the chance to win a brand new
Tesla or a Rivian, Elucid, or even
$50,000 in cash. And there will only be
9,999
tickets sold, which is better for your
odds. And if you go to their page, you
can see an interview with the winner
from last year and a list of all of the
past winners. And yes, I did verify
their nonprofit status and their EIN.
And I chose to work with Chessid, not
only because I know Teslas are still out
of reach for a lot of people, and I
think it would be a really cool story if
one of you guys won, but it really does
seem like they're doing some great work
in Chicago. They support families in
crisis through 80 plus different
life-saving programs from food and
furniture to medical equipment and
assistance, education and mentoring, job
placement, and a whole lot more serving
the local community. And again, once
that number of tickets are sold or the
drawing date hits, that's a wrap and no
further entries will be accepted. And
this year, you can supercharge your
tickets so you can win the car and a
home EV charger fully installed on them.
So, if you want to have some fun and do
some good, just head to ccaffle.com and
use code electrified to get $25 off two
tickets or $500 off 15. Again, that's
ccraffle.com and code electrified. Best
of luck. In this recent interview where
Jamie Diamond from JP Morgan talked to
Elon, Elon said two things that I think
really need explaining. Point one, these
orbital data centers in space will be
easier than what SpaceX is doing with
Starlink V3 and those satellites. So
comparing orbital data centers to
Starlink V3, Elon said the former will
be much easier. His rationale, the
orbital data centers are really just
solar paired with radiators and those
laser links that then ultimately
communicate with the Starlink
communication system. And then it's
actually Starlink that will communicate
with the ground through those radio
frequencies because those can actually
get through clouds and even roofs in
some instances as Elon said. So the
orbital data centers will be
piggybacking off the V3 Starlink
satellites for communicating to the
ground. So Starlink V3 from an
engineering standpoint really is a
monster. It has to do realtime radio
beam forming to thousands of customers
around the world. Some of which are on
the move as these satellites fly across
the sky. On the other hand, these AI
compute satellites won't have to
communicate with the ground. Again, it's
just the solar for power, the radiators
to get rid of the heat, and the laser
link to hand all of that data to the
Starlink system that will then
communicate with the ground. So from
that standpoint, the actual difficult
problem, the communication part is
already handled with Starlink. But as
we've learned over the years, we now
need to ask the question more often. How
much credibility does Elon have with
statements like this? He himself often
says he is rather optimistic. And the
main counterpoint from the skeptics is
the radiation part. And boiling it down,
the main argument is that the size the
radiator would need to be would be
prohibitive and ultimately would change
the launch economics, making the entire
project less favorable. But I think the
point people are missing is that SpaceX
has already filed with the SEC for up to
a million smaller AI satellites. Said
another way, SpaceX plans to spread all
of this compute thin in space rather
than having a smaller number of bigger
AI data centers in space. So obviously,
if each satellite has less compute, then
it needs to radiate less heat. So SpaceX
distributing that compute should really
help to ease some of the cooling
problems by not having it so
concentrated. But again, there are
trade-offs. if you solve or ease for the
thermal problem and the radiation. Doing
it that way can bring up some launch
mass and economic challenges. So, the
argument goes SpaceX can't beat physics.
They're ultimately just relocating what
the bottleneck is. But, it's just a
fact. No one on planet Earth knows
better than Elon and the team of
engineers at SpaceX what's possible and
what's not. So, to me, it seems like the
most likely outcome is they are going to
make this work. they are so heavily
going this direction. It just might be
on a slightly longer timeline than
they're saying and expecting. And you
guys know we've seen the exact same
thing from Tesla, making the impossible
merely late. SpaceX will likely do the
same thing. Now, point two, I'm going to
play for you because Elon had a slip of
tongue, and I'll let you be the judge of
if it's worth anything. Uh yeah, there's
you know so we we do intend with our
SpaceX AI satellites uh to allow people
to put whatever GPU or TPU they want. So
if uh Nvidia GPUs can be put on it, uh
Google TPUs can be put on it, Amazon
trainiums or or any other chips that
people want to put on uh can be put on.
Um we will also offer our chips in the
future. Uh and I think we also want to
offer our software our AI software as
well in the future. Um but uh but it
will be such that you can run anyone's
AI on hardware or software on the the
Tesla AI satellite or SpaceX AI
satellites.
Yeah. All right.
&gt;&gt; The next
&gt;&gt; Tesla AI satellites. It wasn't just a
mistake. Tesla's making solar for space.
Tesla will be making AI 678, some of
which will be for space. But as I keep
saying, it will be that way and the
synergies will exist even if there's no
merger. But far and away, the big
takeaway here is Elon clarified these AI
satellites SpaceX will launch are going
to be chip agnostic, meaning any and all
hyperscalers with their own chips will
be able to hitch a ride on a SpaceX
rocket. So, in the early days, SpaceX
might be providing the power and the
cooling and the laser network and the
communication. So companies like Google
or Amazon with their own chips can plug
those into one of SpaceX's AI
satellites, send them up, and then
ultimately pay SpaceX, not only for the
launch, but on an ongoing basis because
they're effectively renting out the
infrastructure that SpaceX provides. And
sure, over time there will be other
companies launching rockets into space,
but at this point, SpaceX is far and
away the dominant player. So any
competition that wants data centers in
space and hint hint, if they are
actually the economically superior way,
then everybody is going to want that.
That means the competition will have to
flow through SpaceX. But again, the
reason this is all so fascinating is
because there are valid counterpoints.
In this case, just one of them is a lot
of these competitors AI compute chips
are not radiation hardened. And as we
know, it's not the easiest thing ever to
send a tech out into space to swap out a
dead chip. So, we should expect the
lifespan of these chips to be shorter in
space. And over time, these chips are
going to need to raise their game to
have these spacerade standards to hold
up to all of that radiation beating that
they will take. And at this point, I
think this could play out one of two
ways. Option A would be SpaceX acting
like the trucking company where a
company like Google does successfully
develop its own AI satellite that it
only pays SpaceX to launch into orbit.
Meaning Google might have its own TPUs
and its own solar and its own
communication network and its own
cooling design. So under that model,
SpaceX would basically get a one-time
payment for the ride into orbit, aka for
the launch. And that's precisely what
Google's project suncatcher actually is.
In their blog post, they said, "It's our
new research moonshot to one day scale
machine learning in space. We're
exploring how an interconnected network
of solarp powered satellites equipped
with their TPU AI chips could harness
the full power of the sun." And they
said, "Our next step is a learning
mission in partnership with Planet to
launch two prototype satellites by early
2027 that will test our hardware in
orbit." But let's say Google and others
are not successful right away in those
endeavors. That would lead to SpaceX and
option B. Meaning SpaceX builds and
operates the actual satellites, the
solar, the radiators, the communication,
and so on. And these customers like
Google rent the capacity from SpaceX. So
ultimately, they're just paying for
compute time similar to AWS. So
financially for SpaceX, how well they
can do will to some degree depend on how
much of that stack and how many of those
layers they can actually capture. But
the beauty of capitalism is that
companies like Google and Amazon and
others are going to want to have as much
vertically integrated on their own as
they can. They're not going to want to
pay SpaceX more than they have to. But
if the radiative cooling aspect is as
hard as some are arguing and SpaceX is
the only one to solve it over the next
few years, then once again, the
competition will have no choice but to
go through SpaceX. And just a few other
points from that interview, Elon said
Starlink V3 satellites will be 10 to 20
times more capable than V2. SpaceX has
had three different chips taped out for
the V3 satellites, which are far beyond
state-of-the-art, and they have a 100
times more bandwidth than the current
Starlink and roughly half the latency
because the altitude will be half. And
yes, Elon mentioned that robots like
Optimus will require massive bandwidth.
So, I don't want to get over my skis,
but there's a world where Starlink and
Optimus are integrated more than we may
have thought because Elon brought up
Optimus right after he was done
explaining the bandwidth improvements of
the V3 satellites. And Elon said V3 can
only be launched on Starship. Starship
has a 30ft diameter cargo bay. And the
V3 satellites are roughly 23 feet wide.
and they do have bigger phase array
antennas and more lasers and more
advanced lasers, but ultimately he said
Starship should do around 50 V3
satellites at a time. So again, it
doesn't matter what the skeptics say. If
Elon and the SpaceX team genuinely
believes that the AI satellites will be
relatively speaking easier than Starlink
V3, that would be a huge win and would
alleviate a lot of the uncertainty
around that project. And then SpaceX
offering its AI satellites in a chip
agnostic fashion really opens up a huge
market that I will grant you there's a
lot of uncertainty around. But at least
for the early years of these orbital
data centers sometime closer to 2030,
it's clear as day that SpaceX is
positioned incredibly well to be the
lynch pin for all of its competitors to
get its compute into space. And on that
point, we got a filing from SpaceX. We
entered into a cloud service agreement
with Google with respect to compute
capacity. This includes about $110,000
Nvidia GPUs, CPUs, memory, and other
related components. Google has agreed to
pay SpaceX $920 million per month
starting October this year through June
2029 with capacity ramping up through
September at a reduced fee. After
December 31st this year, the agreement
may be terminated by either party upon
90 days notice. $920 million a month is
over 11 billion in annual revenue. That
would be added to the anthropic annual
revenue run rate of that contract in the
neighborhood of $15 billion. And sure,
that one might end up being short-term.
But again, the point is this compute
rental business for SpaceX is a serious
needle mover. For context, SpaceX's
entire revenue in 2025 was just over $18
billion. And so with two deals from
Google and Anthropic, they have exceeded
that far and away. And it does not say
it in the release, but this is expected
to be a portion of Colossus 2 because
Anthropic has Colossus 1 on lockdown.
And to keep it as simple as possible, if
the competition is willing to pay SpaceX
for compute on Earth, why wouldn't they
be willing to do the same thing in
space? Especially if the economics
ultimately proved to be superior. And
let's not forget the Tesla story. For
over a decade, many people were saying,
"Oh, the competition will just do what
Tesla did and they're going to eat their
lunch." Well, here we are, and that
hasn't happened at all. And right now,
many people are making the same argument
against SpaceX. Oh, the competition's
just going to do what SpaceX is doing,
both for terrestrial data centers and
ultimately in orbit. So, maybe in time
they will, but also maybe they won't.
And importantly, if you missed it, the
S&amp;P 500 will not be allowing SpaceX
early entry into the index. Meaning, if
SpaceX IPOs this month, the earliest it
could be added to the S&amp;P 500 would be
June 2027, which of course would delay a
lot of that forced index buying. Now,
some out there are saying that this
delayed inclusion could push the SpaceX
and Tesla merger up a bit. Depending on
how they actually execute it, SpaceX
could be included in the S&amp;P 500 sooner.
However, I think this whole thing is
really a secondary issue at best. Plenty
of companies historically have found
plenty of success at IPO without that
instant inclusion into the S&amp;P 500. So,
it's not like missing out on all of that
forced buying is going to change the
trajectory for SpaceX to any real
meaningful degree. And before we move
on, I want to share Rob Mau came out of
the woodwork to say, remember a few
weeks ago when everyone was saying a 100
times price to sales was crazy for
SpaceX and all of the sudden it's like
39x. Shows how dumb that type of
analysis is. That, of course, quoting
the news we just went over about
SpaceX's new deal with Google. And in my
last video about SpaceX, we talked about
exactly this, how big of a deal this
compute rental business really is and
how much of a needle mover it can be. We
just have to keep in mind that 12 months
from now, things might look very
different because these deals could end
up being short-term in nature or just as
easily they could end up being
multi-year deals. That's part of why
it's so hard to figure all of this out
because there are so many moving pieces
and so much uncertainty. Today the
information said that Tesla is pushing
the Roadster demo to August. Frankly, I
won't be holding my breath to actually
see it in August, but that's the latest
and they said the Roadster will indeed
use cold gas thrusters that were
co-developed with SpaceX, but we have
known that one for quite some time.
Tesla's AI team was at CVPR this week.
Ashoke did give a presentation and he
did say the full discussion will be
uploaded in a few days. Checking in on
the Texas Motor Carrier website for
Tesla's robo taxi business, you will now
find 51 registered VINs for the service.
That number is up from 42 just a few
days ago. But again, at any given time,
that doesn't mean all 51 vehicles are
active in the service, but that's the
total number of vehicles currently
registered that are able to be deployed.
So that number has officially gone up by
nine. But anecdotally, we still have
reports from people on the ground like
Cyber Owl saying zero unsupervised robo
taxis in North Austin since yesterday.
This post was on Thursday, but she said
her car did have a safety monitor and
the car did not have a robo taxi badge.
She said there's no change in the long
wait times and the pickup and drop off
logic still needs work. And further,
when it comes to cyber cab deployment,
if I could have one question answered,
it would be what all is involved in
removing the steering wheel and pedals
from the cyber cab. Because I would be
rather confident saying that Tesla won't
deploy a cyber cab with the steering
wheel for that first experience, they'll
want it to be as intended without one.
And given that all of the cyber cabs
we're seeing in Austin, Houston, and
Dallas still have steering wheels, we
might be waiting another few weeks
before we see one deployed. And further,
can the removal of those wheels and
pedals be done at any Tesla service
location? Or can it only be done at
certain locations? Or could it be done
by mobile service? It doesn't even need
a Tesla location. All questions I wish
we had answers to. I could guess, but
I'd just be speculating. In Belgium,
Tesla has officially completed the 5,000
kilometer test for supervised FSD. So,
with the driving done, the burden now
shifts to the administration for its
formal advice on homologation. And the
mobility minister said, "I'll keep
pulling the cart for the fastest
possible homologation in Flanders and
thus Belgium." There was plenty of
chatter today about JP Morgan with a
huge Tesla stock upgrade, but the
context is critical. Remember, Rajat
Gupta took over coverage of Tesla stock
from Ryan Brinkman who was incredibly
bearish on Tesla for years. So, point
one, JP Morgan has a new Tesla stock
analyst. JP Morgan's price target went
from $145 now up to $475. But listen,
Gupta's analysis aside, JP Morgan is
part of the underwriting syndicate for
SpaceX's IPO, which means JP Morgan has
a new incentive to be on good terms with
Elon. The fee potential for JP Morgan is
quite substantial. And why do you think
Jaime Diamond just sat down to interview
Elon? So clearly Jaime Diamond, JP
Morgan, Elon, SpaceX, Tesla, they all
have a newfound relationship. So, look,
I'm not saying that's the full reason.
I'm just saying I think it's worth
pointing out. And ultimately, you can't
do any worse than Ryan Brinkman did. So,
this upgrade is really just JP Morgan
moving out of Tesla Q Fantasy Land. In a
long overdue move from Tesla, finally,
all Model Y trims sold in North America
will come equipped with a black
headliner and the bigger 16-in center
touchscreen. So, to the gray headliner,
sayanara sucker, we will not miss you.
And remember, the bigger 16-inch screen
is not the only upgrade. It's also
better quality. So now we just need
those changes to trickle down to the
Model 3. And as Sawyer pointed out,
Erade has a process for IPO share
allocation for SpaceX for Tesla
shareholders who have held Tesla in
their account for at least 10 years. So
it's not all platforms. It's not really
what we hoped for. And that is a pretty
long holding period. But here's Elon's
ability to say that, "Hey, we did do
something for longtime Tesla
shareholders." Don't forget, check out
CC Raffle linked below if you want to do
some good and give yourself the chance
to win some pretty sweet prizes. Hope
you all have a wonderful and a safe
weekend and a huge thank you to all of
my Patreon supporters.