Channel:     farzad-fm
Title:       SpaceX's New Product Is About To Go Exponential
URL:         https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XUKd0D_q_I4
Published:   2026-09-12 11:49 UTC
Fetched:     2026-09-12 12:00 UTC

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

SpaceX has just released a new product
that is going to make the company go
exponential with countless investors and
long-time analysts actually shocked
about its performance. This new product
is at the heart of the latest revolution
in AI and will drive not just
unbelievable changes in how we interface
with technology, but will also give
SpaceX a brand new way to make
incredible amounts of money long term if
successful and continue to drive the
massive boom in the compute needed to
drive AI technology. This new product is
Grok Bot, which is a team of always-on
agents with their own computers. And it
is fundamentally different from how
people use AI today. Typically, when
people interface with AI, they typically
ask a chatbot a question like ChatGPT or
Gemini or Grok or Claude, and the model
in the AI thinks for a few seconds, then
it gives you an answer, and then you
read it, and most of the time the
interaction is over, or maybe you ask a
follow-up question, and the same process
restarts again and again. But an agent
is very different. With an agent, you
start by giving it a goal. For example,
like, "Hey Grok Bot, go and clean up my
email. Unsubscribe from all the freaking
junk that's in there, which is probably
99% of the emails." Thought we got rid
of junk when we went to email, it got
worse. "And then categorize them so it's
easy for me to dig through my inbox." As
an example, right? Now, the agent, in
this case Grok Bot, has to make a plan,
maybe open a browser window, inspect the
page, or choose a tool, click on
something, access the back end through
an API or something, which is like a
fancy way of saying back end access,
read what happened, decide whether it
worked, correct mistakes, and keep going
until the job is finished. Every one of
those steps require another trip through
an AI model in order to compute and
figure out what action is needed. And as
you can see, this is a fundamental
different approach to how AI is
executed, and it's because of the tools
that are available to it. For example,
each bot gets its own computer in the
cloud just like you or I. It can work
across apps, it can go into inboxes and
websites. It can also use a terminal
where software can run commands. But
most importantly, it keeps going when
you close your laptop. You can run
several bots at once, put them in a
group chat, and even have one bot
coordinate the others that can manage or
coordinate multiple people or an
executive coordinates an entire company.
The key takeaway here is that this is
the very beginning of digital labor, and
it's going to be one of the most
important things in the entire AI
industry. You have to remember that a
chatbot like ChatGPT produces just
words, which in and of itself is amazing
objectively, but an agent creates
actions. It creates outcomes. You can
have a chatbot write you an email, but
an agent researches the customer, it can
update the customer database, it writes
the email in your voice if you want it
to, puts the draft in your inbox, waits
for your approval, or autonomously sends
out and follows up later with you or
with the customer. And the wild part is
that the distribution of this technology
can happen very quickly. From the user's
perspective, like you or I, there's
nothing new that needs to be built,
really. You download an app and you
connect the tools you already use and
you start giving it work. But to
understand how big this could become, we
first have to separate the AI model from
the agent harness because those two
things are completely different. Just
like needing to go to the doctor and
actually getting something freaking
scheduled, which is what Zocdoc, the
sponsor of this video, is great at
solving. I track my health pretty
closely now. I get routine blood work
done. I got a whole freaking supplement
routine going, and I'm doing a ton of
mobility work and stretching, which
sometimes I'm kind of lazy with, like
today. I have to do mine right now,
right after this video. So, I'm paying a
lot more attention to all of that stuff
that I used to, especially since
becoming a new dad. And the single most
annoying part of staying on top of your
health has nothing to do with the health
itself. It's the admin work. It's
calling an office, sitting on hold,
finally getting through, and being told
that the next appointment is 7 months
out. What a waste of time. That's a lot
of friction, and that friction is the
thing that Zocdoc takes off your plate.
Zocdoc is a free website where you can
search and compare local in-network
doctors. You can read real reviews from
actual patients, see the real
appointment openings, and book the one
you want within a couple of taps.
There's more than 150,000 providers
across 200-plus specialties in all 50 US
states. You choose your doctor based on
your preferences using the reviews, the
availability, and whatever actually
works for you. And get this, a lot of
the time you can get an appointment
within 24 to 72 hours, sometimes even
the same day. You don't have to play
phone tag anymore. You don't have to
wait for weeks. Taking care of your
health just got easier, so head to
zocdoc.com/farzad
to get started and check that
appointment off of your to-do list,
finally. We'll have the link for that in
the description and the comment section
below. You should go to it right now. I
know you've been putting it off. You
have to do it right now. And thank you
so much to Zocdoc for sponsoring this
video.
Okay, so now let's separate the AI model
from the agent harness and analyze each
so we fully understand why this is such
a big deal. Think of the AI model as the
brain. For example, Grok or GPT or
Claude Gemini and all of the other
models are the systems doing the
reasoning. The harness, the thing that
actually turns AI into an agent that can
do things, is everything around that
brain that turns reasoning into work. It
will give the model instructions and
memory and tools and a computer to use,
access to files, permissions, a way to
see what actually happened, and a loop
that lets it try again. The actions are
think, act, observe, correct, repeat.
That loop is an agent. Now, this is not
something that's brand-spanking new.
This is actually a trend that was kicked
off with open claw in early 2026, which
was an open source agentic harness that
would execute actions on behalf of its
users through apps like Telegram or
Discord or iMessage and a bunch of other
messaging platforms as well. In
parallel, you had tools like Claude code
and Codex, which were built by Anthropic
and OpenAI respectively, which were much
more specialized for heavy-duty coding
work and other technical things, but
they were also agentic harnesses. Now,
GrokBot is a product built around the
same exact idea with a much simpler
interface and an always-on computer for
each agent. And as the models continue
to keep getting better, the harness, in
this case GrokBot, will decide whether
that intelligence can ultimately be
useful. So, questions like can I
remember the goal after 40 steps or can
it choose the correct tool? Can it know
when to ask for approval? Can it handle
research tasks to one agent, a writing
task to another, and a review task to a
third without losing the original point?
As intelligence gets better, these kinds
of questions become more and more
valuable. And those questions help
explain why I believe the harness layer
is becoming so valuable. It is the thing
that will execute actions. And I'm
betting that long-term the ones that
actually win become model agnostic,
meaning that you tell the system what
you want and it quietly decides the
model that is best for research and
which one's best for coding, which one
is fast and cheap enough for routine
browser work or whatever or doing your
taxes, and which model is best for
reviewing the final result. The user
would never have to study the benchmarks
and how much the tokens are, which model
is fast or slow, or any other technical
thing about those models. And now the AI
can just make those decisions. You
simply tell it what to optimize for, for
example, speed or cost or accuracy or
all those things. And And may not even
have to tell it that. The system will
just know how to do it. And the fight
over that future has already started.
Open AI announced that it intends to
wind down its contract providing models
to Cursor after Cursor's acquisition of
SpaceX, which is the team that powers of
2026.
That tells you how important this layer
could become. If the harness owns the
user and the workflow, the memory, and
the final result, the underlying model
risks becoming one interchangeable
supplier among many. The model companies
do not want to give away that
relationship. The harness companies
don't want to deepen on one model
forever. The chip companies want every
possible model and every possible
harness to run their hardware. Why
wouldn't you want that? You don't care
who the company is that's actually using
your chips to make AI work. You want all
of them to work. And SpaceX AI, the ones
that make Grok Bot, has a reason to make
Grok extremely good inside the product
it controls. So, the way I see it, this
is a war over who becomes the operating
system for the digital world. Because
that will give way to a token explosion,
which will lead to lots and lots and
lots of money. Let me explain. A token
is the small piece of text and data that
an AI model reads and produces. So,
every time the model thinks, it consumes
input tokens and creates output tokens
as a result. And running the AI model
this way is called inference. The key
thing to keep in mind is a normal chat
usually makes one main pass through the
model. But an agent is going to make a
lot of passes because every action
creates new information. So, imagine I
ask an agent to plan a family trip. It's
going to search for flights. It's going
to compare hotels. It's going to read
cancellation policies, or it should. It
asks another agent to research maybe the
neighborhoods where we might stay. It
puts the options into a spreadsheet or a
text file or whatever it thinks it's the
best way to store it, you know, cuz it's
going to make the decisions. It notices
one connection is maybe too short, so it
researches again, and it keeps going
until it's ready to present me with the
information. One request is really a
chain of decisions, and each link in
that chain creates another model call.
Each call has to carry enough context,
which is a fancy way of saying enough
memory, to remember the trip and the
budget, the people involved, the prior
search results, and the next decision.
As the job gets longer, the context can
get very, very large. Anthropic, the
makers of Claude, measured this in its
own research system, and in its data,
agents typically use about four times
more tokens than chat interaction.
Multi-agent systems use about 15 times
more tokens than chats. 15 times. And
the reason why this is worth it is
because that extra token spend led to
better performance. Anthropic found that
token use alone explained 80% of the
performance variation on difficult
research evaluation. The multi-agent
system performed much better because it
could spend more intelligence on the
problem, search multiple things at once,
and combine the results. If an agent
spends a few dollars to recover a
refund, or save several hours, or close
a sale, fix a software bug, or prevent a
much more expensive mistake, the money
spent on the tokens becomes tiny
compared with the value that it
generates. OpenAI's own enterprise data
is already showing this trend. The
companies that are at the frontier of
adoption use about three and a half
times as much intelligence per worker as
typical firms, measured through token
generation. This is why I think the AI
boom can be enormous even after
everyone's using ChatGPT for a while,
and people think this whole thing is a
bubble, which is it's not a freaking
bubble. It's so obvious that it's not.
Chatbots gave a huge number of people
access to intelligence, agents give that
intelligence time, tools, memory, and
the ability to act. The amount of useful
work available in the world is far
larger, far larger than the number of
questions people feel like typing into a
chatbot. And once agents can create and
manage other agents, the human is no
longer the only source of demand. One
person can start a task that causes five
agents to work, and each of those agents
can make dozens of model calls.
Eventually, agents will generate work
for other agents, check the work of the
other agents, and keep recurring
processes alive while the person sleeps.
Now, if you're enjoying this video so
far and you want to support the channel,
the quickest and most impactful thing
you can do is click and subscribe. It's
completely free, and it goes a very long
way. Thank you so much. Now, on top of
all of this, AI keeps getting cheaper.
New AI chips process more tokens for
every unit of electricity, which means
new models solve the same problem with
less computation, which means less money
spent. Now, shouldn't all of that reduce
the need for hardware since we're
putting more work through the same chip?
Not really. Jevons paradox gives a
useful way to think about this. In the
1800s, economist William Stanley Jevons
noticed that the more efficient steam
engines did not necessarily reduce coal
consumption. Greater efficiency made
steam power cheaper and useful in more
places, so total coal demand rose.
[snorts]
AI's starting to follow that same basic
pattern because a cheaper token makes
intelligence less expensive. It also
unlocks longer answers, and more users,
and more agents, more steps per agent,
more attempts when the first attempt
fails, more background jobs, and the
entire categories of work that were too
expensive to automate before. Just look
at this chart from OpenRouter, which
hosts the world's open-source models.
Token growth is absolutely exploding.
And it doesn't even include growth from
companies like OpenAI or Anthropic or
Grok or Gemini and all the other ones.
The entire world is exploding in token
consumption. And the price of model
intelligence has already collapsed.
Stanford's AI index found that the cost
of using a model with roughly GPT-3.5
level benchmark performance fell from
$20 per million tokens in late 2022 to 7
cents by late 2024. That is a more than
280-fold decline in about 18 months.
Now, did total interest in AI collapse
by 280 times? Of course not. Lower
prices helped put much more intelligence
into more products. And as you saw from
the previous chart, AI interest is
actually exploding. And the hardware
costs keep moving as well. Nvidia says
its Rubin platform can cut inference
token cost by up to 10 times compared
with Blackwell, which is their previous
generation. OpenAI has now tested its
first custom inference chip called
jalapeno and reported roughly 1 and 1/2
to 1.9 times more AI work per unit of
electricity
across three public models along with
much lower delay in the responses. So,
more capability creates more demand. You
have more demand, which pays for more
infrastructure. You have more
infrastructure that lowers the cost of
intelligence. The lower cost unlocks
more capability and more demand. And
that is the loop I believe the industry
is entering and starting to accelerate
on. That loop is why I think falling
token prices can be bullish for total
token consumption and hardware demand at
the same time. Jevons paradox only
applies when demand responds to the
lower price. And the product still has
to create value. If agents remain
unreliable or nobody trusts them,
cheaper tokens alone will not create an
infinite market. But I can already see
the evidence moving from simple prompts
toward long tasks. And the leading
businesses are consuming far more
intelligence per worker than typical
firms. If I use myself as an example, my
entire media company, this video that
you're watching right now, which is
generated by my media company, is now
mostly running on GrokBot, which
automatically clips my long-form content
into short-form content. If you go to my
shorts, you'll see them. It will bring
ideas for videos forward. It will
optimize and create ads for my two
books, Abundance or Collapse and Master
Plan, on Amazon ads and Meta ads and
Google ads and X ads and so on. It will
help me write scripts. It manages all my
email accounts. It does research and
fact-check. It tracks trends on X and
the broader web and so much more. I now
have literally a Jarvis-style assistant
that is increasingly doing more and more
work for me and is increasingly becoming
more and more autonomous. Without a
doubt, the evidence points to a market
where people respond sharply to lower
prices. The cheaper and more useful
intelligence becomes, the more rapid the
adoption. And this is why I keep coming
back to the hardware race on this
channel. From my perspective, Nvidia is
the clearest current hardware winner.
The company is already describing
agentic AI as one of its core growth
engines. In its first fiscal quarter of
2027, Nvidia reported $75.2 billion in
data center revenue, up 92%
from a year earlier on a company that is
worth $5 trillion. This is completely
unhinged. Company has introduced
processors and networking and storage
and software specifically built to
handle agents long context and
unpredictable bursts of inference.
OpenAI sees the same thing. It is
designing its own chip in jalapeno and
full systems for running models, but it
also says growing demand will require
compute from every available source and
that it will keep deploying Nvidia
accelerators and hardware from other
partners. SpaceX AI is building the same
kind of vertical stack from another
direction. It says Colossus 1 and 2 and
the 2025 with more than 1 million H100
GPU equivalents, which is a lot of
chips. And as token demand grows the way
agent use suggests it should, which
doesn't even include physical AI
platforms like self-driving cars and
humanoid robots or drones,
crazy-sounding infrastructure projects
like AI data centers in space become
economically rational. All of this
points to a massive boom for agent tech
harnesses, especially tools like
Rockbot, but more importantly, it points
to a complete transformation of digital
and physical labor as AI becomes
increasingly more competent and more
importantly, increasingly cheaper. If
you want to go deeper on what happens
when physical and digital labor become
abundant, who owns it, who benefits, and
how regular people can prepare, you can
check out my book Abundance or Collapse.
I'll have a link for that in the
description and comment section below.
Now, YouTube has this crazy new
algorithm where it knows exactly what
video you would like to watch next based
on AI and all of your viewing behavior.
And the algorithm says that this video
that's popping up right now on the
screen is the perfect video for you.
It's different for everybody watching
this right now, but check it out and I
bet you might love it. Thank you so much
for watching. I hope this video was
informative and helpful, and we'll see
you in the next one. Take it easy,
everybody.
&gt;&gt; [sighs]
&gt;&gt; Bye-bye.