Channel:     futureaza
Title:       Tesla’s Robotaxi Strategy Is Finally Making Sense
URL:         https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pIMXXoSafAg
Published:   2026-09-06 12:00 UTC
Fetched:     2026-09-06 13:00 UTC

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Optimus is not going to be generating
revenue for Tesla until closer to 2030.
And I'm comfortable saying that. Sure,
they might sell a few thousand units at
some point, maybe late next year. I
personally have my doubts on that. So,
that's why we're just a I always goes
back to this in between where like the
future is as bright as it's ever been.
The technology's there. The team is
there. The foundations are being laid,
but
we are undoubtedly transitioning the
entire company from what it once was to
a brand new company. And so, that type
of thing takes time. Now, most people
were not expecting this. And so, it's
just the divide is as natural as it gets
because it's easy to be on one of two
sides without being able to hold both of
that tension at the same time.
&gt;&gt; There was a time when Tesla was the
hottest story in town. Everybody wanted
to cover it. There was even dozens and
dozens of new channels that sprung up
only to realize that this is actually
hard to do. Even those of us who've
stuck around have found [music] that it
can be challenging at times. Uh and so,
we're going to discuss is the hype over?
Is there even anything left to be
excited about? I mean, we're saying this
on the eve of robo-taxi rollout, on the
eve of Optimus going into production. I
feel like there might be more story to
tell. Maybe we've forgotten what good
news looks like. [music]
So, let's have a chat about that. I
brought on Dylan Loomis from
Electrified. What? How did that even
happen? Uh let's have a chat. I'm Brian.
Welcome to Future Oaza.
&gt;&gt; [music and singing]
&gt;&gt; So, uh for those who don't know, and I
don't know how that's possible, uh Dylan
has a channel on YouTube. He was well
established by the time I rolled around.
I was one of the Johnny-come-latelys.
Dylan has been a pillar of the
community. And after Rob Mauer stopped
doing his thing, somebody had to carry
the day you know, the regular news
update mantle. And Dylan has done it
very, very well. I appreciate that,
guys. Head over and follow him. And if
you're just too cool for YouTube, A, how
are you seeing this? And B, follow him
on X. You can even subscribe over there
as I do. Uh because, you know, he's uh
he's working quite hard. And I should
mention that you can also subscribe to
me. I asked Rock to make something that
is apparently you and me.
&gt;&gt; I
I don't I don't know how that works.
Bunch of ways to uh
&gt;&gt; right?
&gt;&gt; Bunch of ways to support the channel.
Links are in the description. Yeah, that
looks definitely right. Uh so, sure.
&gt;&gt; Hit that bell, says the robot. Very
silly stuff. So, yeah.
Uh the hype, you know, is there is there
anything left to be excited about? And I
know the answer is no, but I feel like
the answer might be yes.
&gt;&gt; You know what, Brian? That's why I came
on the show today. Uh big announcement
to make. I'm fully divesting all my
Tesla shares. You know, they're just
They're not doing it fast enough. And uh
they're not going to at this point, you
know? Just The story's dead. So, um
yeah, that's that's what I came here to
do.
&gt;&gt; go back to covering Tamagotchis?
&gt;&gt; Uh it's a it's a possibility. You know,
I'm working through it. I have a couple
of
&gt;&gt; in on Beanie Babies again. I think it's
cyclical.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, I really wish I kept mine from my
childhood days.
Uh but no, no. In all seriousness, of
course, I think there are plenty of
things to be excited for. And I
It's just so hard because I really do.
And I I've been trying to be the voice
that if lets people feel heard that are
disappointed, right? The
the timelines, the
the promises, which are really guesses,
have been so
far off. Uh and Elon has done better the
last two calls, I'll give him that. But
I'll just say this, I always put myself
in try to put myself in Elon's shoes.
Like, if I was running the company, how
would I, you know, behave? Impossible
task, silly hypothetical, perhaps. But
if I made those public-facing statements
as often and with a frequency that he
did, I personally would make it a point
to at least share a bit of why we are
missing the timelines. And I just feel
as an investor that is not something
we've really received. We'll get bits
and pieces and very small details and
look, I'm not asking for the secret
playbook. I'm not asking for anything
that would jeopardize their competitive
positioning, but just an explanation of,
for example, earlier this year when Elon
said that the expectation was the to
double
&gt;&gt; the robot taxi fleet. I believe it was
monthly. This is separate from the 10%
week over week unsupervised mileage
claim, which is our most recent
expectation. But we were never close to
that. I think he may said it maybe
January or February and that didn't
happen at all. And that's a short-term
prediction. So, from my standpoint it's
like on the call maybe just give us some
color about what changed, you know, what
just something to be like, oh, okay, I
understand, you know, this is all brand
new. So, let's just remind people of
that. So,
before I just ramble on, I just want to
make it clear that like I of course what
I'm about to say is still as bullish as
I've ever been. The long-term picture
has not changed and frankly it's
actually strengthened and I should
probably be making that point more on my
channel. Um, but yeah, I just
I I understand why so many people are
upset and why so much of the community
is divided right now.
&gt;&gt; I can agree with you that comms are bad.
The communication is not great. In China
they do have a PR department. In Germany
they have a PR department. China and
Germany both have languages Elon does
not speak. But the reality is when he's
in charge of comms he's reduced his
worth to 100 grand a year.
That's a job someone else should be
doing.
And we don't like you said, we don't
need
uh proprietary inside scoop, just some
guidance. And I I agree that it would be
better if we had that.
I think you know, I've always thought
that getting rid of the PR department
was a very strange decision. So, well,
you just just tweeted him.
Yeah, that that never worked for for
almost everyone. And
the trick we're running into on it is
we've got people who say, "Well, he
provides dates and they're wrong." And
then people who in the same breath say,
"And he doesn't provide enough dates."
That's not what I'm asking for because,
you know,
damned if you do, damned if you don't.
But what I'm saying is
what I'm looking at, and what it sounds
like you're looking at, is not the hype,
it's not the promises, it's the
execution. Press releases are cheap.
That's why Toyota's solid state only
exists in press releases. It's so much
cheaper than paying the engineers to
actually build it. That's easy, frankly.
So, what you've got is, in terms of
execution, you've got some exciting
stuff going on. We're seeing robo taxis
being
deployed, and I don't mean put into
service, but I mean positioned around
the country in quantities that are well
in excess of what you would do for a
demo. One or two, maybe four you would
put out to be in a show or a showroom.
But
10, 20, 100, those are serious numbers.
The execution is all that matters. And
to your point, the fundamentals are much
much stronger today than they were 5
years ago, 4 years ago. So, I I don't
know. In terms of fundamentals, what are
your thoughts on robo taxi and where
we're at and where we're going?
&gt;&gt; Sure. So, I think it depends what you
mean by fundamentals. You know, like the
way I see it, there's a fundamentals for
the financials and the profitability and
the statement. Then separately, there's
a fundamentals for the business and the
addressable markets and the strategy.
You know, things like vision versus
lidar and
so I will say on the financial
fundamentals, that is a huge reason why
the stock has been effectively flat for
the last four or five years because
Tesla really hasn't generated more
profitability. You know, go back. I
don't know the numbers offhand, but we
have effectively been stagnant. They
were printing quarters years ago that
were higher or at a similar level as
they are today. And I just think that's
one of the hardest things for Tesla
investors to grasp is that we know the
technology and the what they're building
under the surface is so so good and so
much better than everybody else.
The problem is Elon continues to parlay
that into the future and because we have
as technology advances, as compute
advances and we get all this new
technology, what is capable becomes new.
And Elon is not the type to double down
on what's working. You know, he could
have just focused on EVs and maybe
autonomy and spent all the money on
that, not even thought about a terrafab
and Optimus and all of these things, but
as this becomes available, he's
obviously going to move as quickly as
possible. And so it's just hard
financially for Tesla to show these
profits
as they're so focused on years into the
future.
So there's a big disconnect there. But
what people cannot miss is
again, just the durable advantages that
we believe Tesla to have. So I think the
easiest way for most is just think about
autonomy from a generalized standpoint.
I mean, think about how many countries
Tesla has FSD operating in, which we'll
call their autonomous suite. It's not
unsupervised,
but it is operating literally all over
the world. And no other company can say
that. I mean, Waymo might be operating
in a handful of countries. You can
correct me if I'm wrong. I don't have
the number offhand.
&gt;&gt; Just a few. Yeah.
&gt;&gt; A few and super small scale, but
Tesla is going to have the ability to do
the generalized approach. That's what
they've been working on since day one,
and everybody knows they can't have
anything go wrong. That's why they have
to be so so serious about taking it
slow, and so that's why I wish we didn't
get any dates, and we didn't have
estimates, because if the expectations
were close to zero, then that
people wouldn't be so disillusioned. So,
for something that's so uncertain, that
would just be my personal preference. Be
terrible for my channel and having news
and things to talk about, but but but
really I I would prefer that. Um but you
got to look, Cybertruck production is is
increasing. It may be slower than they
want, but the cost we have to go back to
the cost. Nobody can compete with a
vehicle where the COGS might be, you
know, 20 25,000
suite alone can cost anywhere from 10 to
20,000. So,
again, once you get those vehicles on
the road, it's just going to be tough
for anybody else to compete, and
you know, sure, Tesla has things they
need to figure out, pick up and drop
off, navigation, the logistics,
but
compared to rocket science, I really
think these aren't as challenging. It
may feel like it because of how long
it's taking them, you know, but um I
just still have the utmost confidence
they'll sort out these, you know, things
that they need to. Um so, yeah, it might
not happen this year. Each new city
might be five to 10 vehicles for a
matter of weeks,
if not months, but the end game is the
same, you know, sometime next year I
think we'll start seeing hundreds, and
then it'll be off to the races from that
point. So, and that doesn't even touch
on Optimus, you know, that's a whole
'nother thing.
&gt;&gt; Well, we'll get to that. On Robotaxi,
it's like Elon said, slowly at first,
and then later also slowly. Pretty sure
that's what he said. On uh Tesla's
Robotaxi network, can I tell you why
pick up and drop off is so bad?
&gt;&gt; Please.
&gt;&gt; They don't have any training data. They
know how to drive, but no FSD driver is
using it in that capacity. Maybe a
handful of Uber drivers here and there,
but the car doesn't know if this is a
passenger that they're stopping for.
They just know that it's a destination.
They've never trained for it. It's going
to take a few minutes, and that's fine.
If I get the app and I understand that
oh, it might drop you a half a block or
even a whole block off your destination
because it's still in training, I'm okay
with that. When the waiter comes out and
says the other waiter's in training, be
patient with him, I'm patient with him.
I get it, and I'm confident as you are
that that will catch up over time.
I just think it will be happening sooner
than later because I don't believe the
engineers and uh the and the managers,
the executives at Tesla would be rolling
them out this wide two locations in
anticipation of a launch without an
actual plan to launch.
&gt;&gt; One point I did want to make, people
really overlook how much value you can
get and how the learnings you can get in
a new city even with a handful of
vehicles. You know, you're you're going
to get so much good data because each
city is so different. The the
intersections and the challenges and
even the demographics and what time of
day people use the vehicles. And so,
I know it's not the hundreds of vehicles
people want, but every new city is going
to provide
a corpus of learnings that is really
going to accelerate this end game. It
may not be short-term in that city, but
um so from that standpoint, that talk
about a fundamental approach, I do
actually understand it and I like it.
And um
so yeah, it may not be the sexy headline
getter, but there's they're making
serious progress when they do each new
city.
&gt;&gt; Anyone who's ridden in a robot taxi or
really tried out most of Tesla's new
exciting products or even SpaceX ones.
When I first got Starlink years ago when
it was in better than nothing beta, uh I
thought this is going to be so exciting
and I plugged it in and it just worked.
And I was like, "Oh, it's the internet."
So, sometimes you have to realize that
the biggest, most profitable things are
not necessarily going to be sexy. To
your point about the cost of the sensor
suite, uh I saw a Wall Street analysis
that said, "We believe that Waymo can do
the upfit for anywhere from uh 25 to
30,000." And I thought, "Boy, that still
seems really high." But, part of it is
uh they've had to create the [snorts]
suite for three different vehicles and
each one has a very different form
factor. There's a whole lot of
engineering that goes into it from the
supplier side, Magna side, that Waymo
can help with, but they can't actually
do it. They don't have the automotive
experience. And Magna's there to make
money. They've got to get paid, too. So,
while that engineering cost will be paid
off, if it isn't already, which will
allow the prices to come down, it's
still a whole lot of work. You got to
get the cars all the way to Arizona.
They have to do the upfit, and then you
have to get the cars to where they need
to be. That's a substantial cost right
there. On the cost front,
if you offered me a free I-Pace and all
I have to do is add my sensors, I would
decline if I was able to buy a robotaxi
because the operational cost is so high
on those I-Paces. It just doesn't make
sense. On the Let's talk about something
that's more material, something we can
all realize and recognize today. The
take rate on FSD continues to increase
even beyond the scope of it being
available in more countries. It's going
to continue being available in more
countries. That's more market that can
be addressed, but just in the
established markets, we're seeing an
increase in monthly subscribers. That's
exciting, right?
&gt;&gt; Should be. Should be very exciting
because again, talk about a fundamental
business structure that is winning, that
is poised to win in the future, and that
no one else can offer anything close to.
Then you have your Gary Blacks of the
world, to all respect to Gary, but um I
don't see a world where any other
competitor offers anything close to this
anytime soon. You know, a few years,
okay, maybe, but we'll see. Um but yeah,
again, it's just you kind of knew this
moment was going to be coming all along.
It was just a a matter of when. And it's
funny because I just had my wife share a
video of her complaining about the
service and the navigation, and of
course, that's like the only thing
people heard from her, and then they
think that, "Oh, here you go, you got
the Lumis clan being all negative about
FSD." Which is funny because I've done
how many like over a thousand videos
over the past six years, and I'll make a
handful of negative comments, which is
just honest feedback, and then, you
know, I'm the most bearish negative
person talking about Tesla. So, it's
funny from that standpoint, but yeah,
like it's incredible, you know, 99% of
the time, but at the same time, it's not
perfect. So, we're just in this
uncomfortable period where we all want
unsupervised, we want the last little
bit to be figured out, the navigation,
the speed, the
the parking,
the complaints people still have, and
it's just, you know, first world
problems to a T, you know, cuz like
those are real problems. I disengage
constantly in my geography where there's
very limited training data, and so
that's real, you know, but um but yeah,
like two both of these things can be
true at one time. I think that's where
people struggle is they can't have two
conflicting thoughts in their mind at
one time. You know, and so I was not
expecting the number to be that high.
That was a a big surprise for me. Um
again, we've all been saying, man, for
years,
you got to get butts in seats. Why are
people just don't know how good it is.
Like my parents, they listen to my show
every day. They've still They live 10
minutes away. They've never tried FSD. I
bring it up all the time.
They don't want to sit in my driver
seat. They don't want to
damage the car or have anything happen
and I'm just like
there's still so many people that just
don't get it. But so it's great that
it's it's finally happening, you know.
&gt;&gt; I have those people in my life who will
not try it. I wanted my brother to try
it. He wouldn't. He's a hot rodder. He
wants to drive a car. Uh fortunately, we
drove it out to the pizza place for a
family thing. I convinced his wife to
drive it back and she did the whole
drive in FSD. She didn't need She's
like, "If it'll do this, I'm not" So I
was like, "This is a a real nice compare
and contrast video."
So I did watch your wife's video this
morning and I get it. I get it. I get
the frustration.
I think I think you said you would have
worded it a little differently and I
would have too, but everyone's different
and that's the thing. Most of the
complaints I hear about FSD these days
are not that it's unsafe, it's that I
like the way I drive better.
To which I would ask you, Dylan, have
you ever been in a taxi and thought, "I
like the way this person drives better
than me?"
Usually, like in 99% of the time you're
like,
"This person's a real terrible driver."
&gt;&gt; Correct.
&gt;&gt; But I trust them because it's their car
and
you know, if you want to play bumper
cars, that's I guess that's up to you
and you've been doing this long enough.
I know you're not going to play bumper
cars.
So
it's comfort. It's familiarity
and I'm
you know, that's why we have five modes
of of aggressiveness.
That is
I think a reasonable compromise and I
don't consider it an intervention to
click through them. Sometimes
it will
be too fast for my taste even in
standard. I find I'm like, "Ooh, we
should slow down a little here, guy."
Um, but it doesn't know the things that
I know about where the cops like to
hide. Uh, so all of that is
reasonable. And I know that when you or
I say anything remotely negative, uh, we
get
some pretty strong pushback. I know when
I said that the
when the
supercharging team was entirely let go
because the head of the division didn't
agree with Elon's demand for staff cuts,
I said, "This is a mistake. They're
going to have to backtrack it." I lost
so many subscribers over that. And then
a week later Elon said, "Yeah, that was
a mistake. We're going to have to
backtrack on that." They didn't come
back.
&gt;&gt; No.
&gt;&gt; And I do and I do, of course, have a
very small number of a very passionate
people who,
uh,
say that because I say things about
Chinese manufacturers that are positive,
that I am on the Chinese government's
payroll and I'm a wolf in sheep's
clothing and it's like
&gt;&gt; you?
&gt;&gt; It's like
&gt;&gt; How dare you?
&gt;&gt; It's like really? All these events I go
to, all these viewers that I hang out
with and meet and uh, boy, I it's real
deep state, Dylan. You don't understand.
So, into the future, we've got a couple
last things I did want to mention. We've
got some big
expensive moonshots coming up. Two that
I really want to talk about, which would
be Optimus and Terafab. How you feeling
about those?
&gt;&gt; Yeah, um, before I jump into those, I
did just want to tie a bow on that last
point, one point you made. So, that's
what I meant, like we're in this
uncomfortable in between before on
supervised because everything we just
said will mostly go out the window when
we have on supervised. People will not
care the route you take as long as you
get there in a reasonable time. And as
long as the ride is smooth, it it just
won't matter what speed it's going
because people won't be paying attention
to the road. You know, at first they
will as they adjust to this driverless
world,
but it's just funny how we get so hung
up on these things now. And I I do. I do
too, cuz we are still supervising and
there it feels like we should have some
sort of preferences and input, but
that's contrary to how Tesla handles it.
So, I just wanted to like remind people
that in an unsupervised world, all of
this falls away.
So, you know, do with that what you
will. Um
&gt;&gt; I agree with you that when Josh Weston
and I shot a video in a robotaxi in
Austin, people said, "Well, how was the
ride?" And I said, "I don't know, we
were shooting a video." Didn't Didn't
occur to me to think about it. We
covered it for a couple of minutes.
Yeah, it looks fine. It's doing normal
stuff. And now it's just another way to
get where I'm going. Did we take the
best path? How would I know?
&gt;&gt; Uh
&gt;&gt; [snorts]
&gt;&gt; so,
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; Exactly. Yeah. Um
But yeah, look into the forward looking
to the future.
Man, oh man, talk about frustrations. It
is so hard be one covering this company,
and two, have being mostly all in as a
public investor, where arguably the
majority of their future valuation we
know nothing about. Brian, we haven't
had an update on Optimus in
a video shared in months. I mean, I
think it was
I don't know, February or March when we
got that last Optimus little running
across the screen video.
&gt;&gt; And that was how long?
&gt;&gt; And that was seconds.
&gt;&gt; Eight seconds?
Yeah. Now, and look, I'll beggars can't
be choosers. We'll take what we can get.
But it's again, it's just a hard thing.
So, like the Tesla investors that are
frustrated and watching figure post all
these videos and
And look, we know the reasons, okay?
People copy Tesla
and figure needs to raise money. Like,
those are the those are the two ones.
Um
And I could dive into any of those
rabbit holes if you want to, but
overall, I will say this. I will say I
have seen enough from Tesla from a
from a neural network, from a software
perspective, from a vertical integration
perspective, from a hardware prowess
inference, all of these key ingredients
that you're going to need, you know,
manufacturing and supply chain relations
and
speed to market and decision to market,
how they get the data. So, at some point
I'm expecting us to be owning Optimus
that we then help Tesla gather data for.
They're going to start with the
playground because, you know, of risks
and all of those things, the Optimus
playground that is. But, just so despite
the fact that we know nothing, we've
seen nothing, we don't know what they're
doing with the hand design. We've seen
patents that Elon pours cold water on
it, and they're just not telling us
anything. Um but, we do have some
signals, right? They're building a 10
million unit capacity facility. It's
underway. It's not something they might
do. So, it's clear to me in Tesla's
eyes, they they know it's going to work,
okay? It's going to be longer than they
say. It's going to be on a longer
timeline. I think this is going to be
potentially harder than FSD from a
general robotics perspective. But,
again, it's all about the competitive
positioning, and that's what I fall back
to. So, look around, you know, say what
you will about the the Chinese robots. I
think I don't follow that closely enough
to have an astute take. Um but, here
Well, first of all, this market is so
big that multiple players are going to
win for the next 5 to 10 years.
Okay, the demand for this is so big, as
long as you can capture a portion of it
and learn and make progress, you're
going to do well. So, the bar is so low.
You just have to have something.
Um so, I think, again, like from
evaluation perspective, it's it's far
off, okay? Optimus is not going to be
generating revenue for Tesla until
closer to 2030.
And I'm comfortable saying that. Sure,
they might sell a few thousand units at
some point,
maybe late next year. Um I personally
have my doubts on that. So,
that's why we're just I always goes back
to this in between where like the future
is as bright as it's ever been. The
technology's there, the team is there,
the foundations are being laid, but
we are
undoubtedly transitioning the entire
company from what it once was to a brand
new company. And so
that type of thing takes time. Not most
people were not expecting this. And so
it's just the divide is as natural as it
gets because it's easy to be on one of
two sides without being able to hold
both of that tension at the same time.
&gt;&gt; Absolutely. On uh Optimus, it's
unreasonable to think that they have
made no progress since the last serious
demos we've seen. I've seen people say,
"Oh, have you seen this little demo that
came out today?"
So yes, but you're seeing the latest
greatest versus something 2 years ago.
And Tesla does not stand still. The
reality is if you you and I uh founded a
magic lamp and a genie gave us the
design for the perfect robot,
it would be of no value to us because we
don't have a factory. We don't have a
supply chain. The actuators it requires
surely do not exist yet. And building
out all of those competencies is very
different than designing something
that's going to work. Uh and people
don't understand that. All of this
automotive background has prepped Tesla
masterfully for this next task. If you
tour the Megapack factory in Lathrop,
you will see that the computers up on
the screen that track progress are the
automotive ones. It's the same thing.
When we saw the first autonomy day, they
showed that they put the design into the
crash test simulator that they use for
cars, so they knew what the points of
failure were so they could engineer it
to, you know, a 125,
150%
failure uh load, and it would uh
and it would not be overbuilt, it would
not be underbuilt. And the competition
looked at that and said, of course, why
didn't we do this? Because you don't
have the you don't have the tools, you
don't have the puzzle pieces.
So, I'm excited for all of it. I think
that's enough excitement for today.
Guys, I am going to have Dylan back in a
little bit. We're going to be talking
about the future of SpaceX because
SpaceX has some business lines of their
own that may be valuable and exciting in
their own ways and maybe we haven't
fully considered what the total
addressable market is for some of those.
We'll find out. So, guys, head over to
Dylan's channel. Find out what he's been
up to lately. It is a wonderful channel,
great production values, fantastic
insights. And he puts the puzzle pieces
together in ways that few take the time
to do. I've always appreciated that.
Everybody else, what did we miss? What
did we misunderstand? Leave it in them
comments below and stay tuned. Stay
juicy and I cannot wait to hear from you
clever robots. On the flippity flop, why
not?
&gt;&gt; Thanks, Brian. Appreciate you having me.
You're the man. Cheers, everybody.