Channel:     futureaza
Title:       Tesla’s Biggest Opportunity Is Already Here
URL:         https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZMu-fBlP_8A
Published:   2026-09-02 18:00 UTC
Fetched:     2026-09-02 19:00 UTC

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

We were all getting excited about the
electric car 10 years ago and with the
Model 3, but now we're getting excited
about the self-driving car. And I think
Riven's 10 years away from that to be as
good as Tesla. And so, yeah, and then I
also think the Supercharger partnership
is huge for them because I [music] think
without the Supercharger network,
there's almost no way you're going to
buy an EV. I think that also frames in
context just how, you know, special
Tesla is. For a long time, Tesla was the
most exciting company out there with
throngs of loyal fans and a whole bunch
of people on social media, including
YouTube, covering them. Well, these
days, all of that's still true. Some of
the viewers are different, [music]
perhaps newer or interested in different
products. Uh, but it doesn't matter.
We're going to talk about all of it. Is
it still going well? Is [music] it still
exciting? Is it still fun? Is the EV
hype dead in terms of the stock uh for
cars or is it all just shifted to AI? Uh
we're going to talk about that and a
whole lot more. I've got from
Hyperchange here. What are you talking
about? Let's get into it. I'm Brian.
Welcome to Futurasa.
[music]
&gt;&gt; Gi, what an honor to have you back, my
friend. It's good to see you. How have
you been? You just got back from Spain.
&gt;&gt; I've been great. Yeah. Doing super good.
Yeah,
&gt;&gt; excited to talk Tesla and now we got
SpaceX public. So,
&gt;&gt; yeah, and that's been a long time
coming. We all wanted them to go public,
but uh for obvious reasons, it wasn't
the right time. People want Redwood
Materials to go public. They're always
asking when will it? And of course, JB
says uh not yet. Not yet. We know what
this thing is actually worth. The market
does not. So, uh that's you know,
understandable. So early on in my Tesla
days before I had a channel, I followed
you. Hyperchange and the hype was real.
You got so excited about these things
and that excitement is contagious. When
you would explain all these different
factors, uh it was hard to miss what was
going on. And we would look at the pile
of dirt just being pushed around in
Shanghai
and realize that no, no, no, it's
actually being built, you guys. I don't
know how to tell you this, but this is
legit. Uh, so I guess my question is, is
the hype dead? At least for the
automotive side, are people still
excited about that? Um, you know, I
think there's a lot I think Tesla's
stock got ahead of itself and was a
little overvalued. So, there's a lot of
obfiscation between a flat stock price
and progress with the business. So, you
know, I haven't changed my opinion on
Tesla and I think, you know, the hype is
better than ever. like I I'm
self-driving more than ever. I have my
new Model Y. The technology is better
than ever. And I think it's on the cusp
of, you know, reaching more people than
ever. So, for me, the hype is not dead
at all. But, um, I think a lot of people
confuse the share price with the
business. And that to me is a big
mistake. And in the short term, you
know, the stock market's going to be an
irrational voting machine, but in the
long term, the weight of the business, I
think, will carry through.
&gt;&gt; I would quote this gentleman on X. You
should check him out. Galley. Uh my
thoughts on Tesla. In the short term,
the share price is not a reflection of
the intrinsic value. Real investors
don't analyze stock prices or charts.
They analyze the underlying businesses.
Automotive is going well. The numbers
have rebounded since the refresh. The
refresh designed to take the bestselling
car in the world and find a way to make
it even better. By the way, if you guys
aren't, you need to follow Gallion on X.
You can also uh subscribe over on
YouTube. He does some videos over there
from time to time. Uh but there are the
automotive is the money printer that
keeps the rest of it moving. We can't
there is no FSD without auto
manufacturing. There is no robo taxi
without knowing how to build a factory
and optimize it. And without all this
money, we can't develop we you and I
certainly, but Tesla can't develop the
lithium refinery, the battery
manufacturing, the new form factors and
chemistries and whatnot. All of that
needs money. Tesla has a pretty good
history of generating positive cash
flow. So, on the hype, uh, you've got
the new Y. You had a Y before. Uh, I
don't know what color you went with this
time. What color did you go with? uh red
with the white interior which I think is
I
&gt;&gt; you had to you had to we got a 25 Model
3 and red was the only upgrade we did.
We got the base wheels. It's a rear
wheel drive
&gt;&gt; but the red it's just ah so pretty. So
on that you've noticed some big changes
between your old Model Y and your new
Model Y. How exciting are those things?
&gt;&gt; I mean as a customer I think it's a big
deal. Like shout out to my friend Julian
who got the launch Model Y. Um we had
both had 2020 Model Y's and then he he
you know he got his in late 2025 got his
Model Y and was like you got to get it.
The FSD is a game changer. I was and
I've been going through you know ups and
downs with my FSD journey. Like wasn't
really using it at all when I started.
Um you know it was just in the Seattle I
live in Seattle like the downtown area.
It just like it's too urban. There's a
lot of one-way streets, but it's kind of
like there's only room for one way, but
it's actually a two-way street. And so,
it was very FSD was really struggling to
do well in those dense urban
environments. And now, but even towards
the end of my last Model Y, it was
getting better and better and more
useful. And then when I got my new car
with the new, you know, AI3 to AI4 chip,
like it's totally been a game changer. I
think right now I'm at like 87% of my
miles are fully self-driving. like
everyone my girlfriend is always trying
to borrow my my car so she can do FSD
and because you know she has a gas car
that doesn't do it. So I've seen it go
you know personally I've seen it go from
and all the time the stock's been flat
by the way you know I've seen FSD go
from unusable in Seattle basically you
know you just were a nerd having fun
using it to try it because we're
investors in Tesla to like this is an
indispensable technology that I feel
lost without. I'm almost like worse at
driving. Every time I go to rent a car
somewhere, I always rent a Tesla with
FSD because it's such a gamecher. And I
think it's not just me. And with this
anecdotal story, you're seeing that with
FSD subscription numbers. Accelerating
growth there. I think it's like 1.48
million subscribers. That's almost like
a billion dollars in recurring revenue
ramping extremely quickly. So, um, and I
think that is becoming a bigger and
bigger piece of the financial story for
Tesla. um and you know even a bigger
deal in the near term than the robo taxi
business. So I think as much as SpaceX
is getting the hype, people are whining
about Tesla stock price, there's
something really big brewing right now,
which is FSD is moving the needle in
terms of software revenue and it's
actually driving more vehicle sales.
Like Rivian is just launching the R2.
That's like the number one thing people
are asking is what I heard in the Rivian
store is like, does it have FSD? Nope.
It's not even worth discussing. 55% of
people buying the a new Tesla in North
America are subscribing to FSD right
now. So I think this is a hu this is
kind of the chat GPT moment for consumer
automotive self-driving. Um it's here
and I feel like it's a secret. I mean
you have FSD so do I. Less than 1.5
million cars globally have this and I
think it's to me I see easily 15 million
in the near term and you know it's just
expanding the amount of countries it's
available to. So, um, I think that
that's been a really exciting part of
the Tesla story.
&gt;&gt; And it's true. So, the take rate's
probably not actually 55% because I
assume a lot of those new that wave 150
170,000 new sub paid subscribers every
quarter surely are coming from the
backlog of previous orders as well. But
it is a big money. It is a whole lot.
Uh, yeah. And it's free money. If you're
uh Toyota, uh Toyota's a bad example.
They have decent margins. If you're Fiat
and you sell a $25,000 car with a 5%
margin, that's nothing. That's 1,250
bucks. Tesla's going to make that after
the sale in a year. And then from there
out, forget the five grand they made in
margin upfront. It's just going to keep
churning. And Wall Street loves that.
Now, earlier you mentioned that big
runup we had, and I think what really
kicked that over the cliff for us was
the Tom Brady commercials for Herz. I
think that brought in a lot of fresh
hype from outside the usual people,
people who didn't necessarily understand
what the company was. They just heard
about it. They weren't watching your
videos. They weren't watching my videos.
And I do think I even said at the time I
said I do not know how sustainable this
is. And when it came down I did buy some
shares at 287 and maybe 178 or something
like that. I don't have much money but I
was happy to do that. And I'm up on both
of those. So the real thing with that
was back then we saw a
disproportionately high percentage of
retail investors and retail investors
can be emotional. they can be
irrational. Where institutional
investors are methodical, they're not
always right, but at least they have a
basis for their conviction and they
would be able to, you know, determine uh
from a from a spreadsheet if this
investment makes sense. Well, now we're
seeing a lot more institutional
investors than retail and that has
tipped the balance quite a bit. Do you
think that matters? Do you think that
helps? Um, I don't think it matters too
much. I'm not really caring about it too
much other than the merger vote because,
you know, if Tesla were to be acquired
by SpaceX and there's some sort of
proposal that has to get passed by the
shareholders, I think the retail
shareholders are a lot more likely to
approve something like that and back
Elon, the institutional shareholders are
a lot harder to convince and um are a
little bit more traditional and
historically have voted against crazy
moves like that. And so I think that is
kind of an interesting factor, but um I
I'm kind of bummed that the retail
shareholders are less of a part of it
because I don't know, you and me are
retail shareholders. Like I like the
idea that it's my money and I'm choosing
to put it with Tesla versus some like
money manager who's choosing on behalf
of his clients. But like you said, those
are more methodical. You know, that's
how Wall Street works. And um maybe the
share price would be a lot lower if
those institutions weren't buying. So
I'm glad they are.
&gt;&gt; Well, they certainly would be. And it's
interesting, uh, I saw someone recently
bring up the case that it's basically,
uh, all the retailers are just selling
just selling out to the to the big dogs
and the big dogs see the price and go,
"Yeah, I'll take it at that price." My
goodness, because we are on the cusp of
big things and we can see it. FSD
revenue, we know, we've talked for a
long time that we're hopeful. I never
set dates for when it would go
unsupervised. That's over the horizon. I
don't make predictions over the horizon
without precedent. I'm comfortable
telling you when a factory will be done
because I know how long it takes to
build a factory. But solving an a hither
two uh unsolvable problem is a different
matter. So when it comes to that uh we
don't have to guess, we don't have to
speculate. We can look at the last two
quarters of subscription growth and just
say when are more countries coming
online because there's a lot of markets
where it's in either extremely limited
release or no release at all. China
being a good example. There are so many
cars in China that may want to buy this.
How excited are you for that part of it?
The expansion. I mean, we know it's
good. We know it's still getting better,
but just opening more markets, how much
more revenue could that unlock? I mean,
I think it's huge because it's recurring
revenue and it's at a super high margin.
So, they don't have to build the new
car. They just collect the check
basically and keep improving the
software. So, I mean, I think it's huge.
Like I think we're going to look back
and like under 1.5 million people or
vehicles had it like that just such an
insyweensy part of the billions of the
the billion vehicles or whatever in the
fleet globally. So I think it's huge and
especially what you said about like
China like we don't even like even in
the US I think we could hit 10 15
million subscriptions in the near term.
Um and so and then in China it could be
double or triple that. So you I don't
want to get too excited about that but I
feel like this is truly like a big
business in the making and now probably
like as we speak it's crossing the 1
billion in revenue mark and so that's
already becoming like kind of to start
to be a needle mover on the financials.
And then another thing I'll I'll point
out is like Ryan Tanaka, he's someone I
follow, good good friend, so he's cool.
And he's always talking about how the
price is going to go up on FSD, which is
something that Elon has mentioned before
when it really becomes unsupervised,
would the price go above $99 a month. So
I'm only extrapolating the revenue and
financials based on if they keep the
pricing flat. But if they're able to
increase the selling price for FSD, then
that would be huge. um then I think that
could drive like I don't know then you
know they're talking about $300 a month
$400 a month I've seen numbers like that
floated which is a triple or quadruple
so that means even with the same amount
of subscribers we go from a billion to
like four billion in revenue so it's
just like I think there's huge potential
here um and investors you know I'm just
being patient letting it grow um and
then we got robo taxi kind of as the
second wave of revenue after that so um
I think it it's all good stuff
&gt;&gt; and what I appreciate in this discussion
is we're not talking about terraab or
solar plant. We're talking about things
that are already out there. This is all
real stuff that's happening today. A
question I would have for you is how
much do you think uh adoption would
decline if it was $300 $400 a month
because the number of subscribers would
not you know there are people who who
subscribe today who would have no more
ability to subscribe. A lot of people
live very lean and is there any kind of
moral imperative to make the road safer?
Uh because it is safer already today.
Forget when it's unsupervised and is
safer still.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, that's a good point. Well, maybe
the increase in prices will also come at
a time where you can actually generate
revenue from your car by either I mean
you could already be doing Uber, you
know, and be be monetizing that way or
you can rent your car out on the fleet,
which they've talked about. So maybe
that would happen at the same moment
they raise prices. But I personally
think 3 to 400 a month is a little
ridiculous because of exactly what you
said. Like it's just going to price
people out. But 129 a month, 149 a
month, I think that is a little more
reasonable and you probably still get
everyone to stay subscribed and it
wouldn't stop the growth and it would be
an immediate 20 to 40%, you know, boost
in revenue. So, you know, when I'm
investing, it's all about the power of
the the intrinsic value of the
technology. And I think, yeah, we're
talking about a billion in revenue right
now, but that's such a low number to the
true intrinsic value of this technology
that it's providing to so many people
already. and it will continue to that.
You know, I think that's a big reason
I'm so I'm holding on to all my Tesla
stock right now is like I'm like this is
the biggest thing. Like I genuinely
think it's crazy that you would buy a
new car without FSD. Like that is that's
an insane decision to me and most people
buying new cars are not buying cars with
FSD. So that's my, you know, variant
perception. And I think over time it's
just going to get more and more obvious
and that like I don't know like even my
mom who has Model 3 right now it's like
she's too scared to use FSD and I'm like
&gt;&gt; mom you got to like this is such a game
like it really just increases your
personal freedom. That's what I've
noticed. Like I'm willing to go more
places. I'm willing to drive to new
things. Like I'm just living more, you
know, like I'm going like I'm I you know
I think you're in the Pacific Northwest
too. Like summer in the Pacific
Northwest is epic and there is so many
cool places to explore and I'm just like
cruising all around. Everyone's like,
"Oh, you drove to Clay Ellan back and
then back to Clay Ellen the same day."
And I'm like, "Yeah, cuz it was on FSD.
That's unheard of." Everyone else like,
"No, you couldn't do that. You got to go
to the cabin this day." And it's like,
so it's I it's really a truly
life-changing technology. And like you
said, it makes the road safer, which is
a huge deal. So, uh I just think the
value people that even it it just the
value of it is still like so much more
than is being presented on the
financials right now.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. On the driving. I went to a family
reunion last summer and I said, "You
know what? Let's take Highway 12. I've
never I've never gone Highway 12 over
the mountain.
&gt;&gt; I hear it's beautiful."
&gt;&gt; And there's a real lack of chargers
there. So, we charged up all the way and
charged on the other side. And my
brother, I told him, "Yeah, I'd never
been that way. It's gorgeous." He goes,
"Oh, yeah. It's really windy." And I
said, "Is it?"
If you say so. I didn't I didn't notice.
I wasn't driving. And the thing I had a
problem with on earlier FSDs is I would
be happy to take it all the way to the
parking lot and turn it on as soon as I
exit the parking lot, but I would never
use it in a parking lot because it was
just unpredictable. I didn't feel safe.
I'm with you.
&gt;&gt; And now I don't want to leave a parking
lot without it. It can see all the cross
traffic behind me. It knows what it's
doing. It might make an odd hesitation
if there's too many pedestrians around
and you kind of need eye contact, but
not something unsafe, just something
that might annoy a person or two.
&gt;&gt; Mhm.
&gt;&gt; And the thing earlier you mentioned was
there are people who will buy this this
car just because it has FSD. And when
I'd said that, someone responded, "Yeah,
what percentage of the market is that?
Look at how low the take rate is." I
said, "No, no, no. You're counting it
wrong. You're only counting Tesla sales.
You need to count the entire market."
Because globally, the entire market is
what, 60, 80 million cars a year. Uh,
you need to count 1% of that. Just 1% of
that is, you know, and I think it's 40
million a year. So that makes it 400,000
extra cars that can be sold because
Tesla is the leader, the undisputed
leader. And on the last thing I was
going to say is on the R2, we had uh an
event there for the Oregon Electric
Vehicle Association in Tiger last week
&gt;&gt; and people asked does it have FSD? And
the answer they were saying is it has
highway ADAS
and by the end of the year it's expected
to have pointto-point just like Tesla to
which I say
what I [snorts] don't [laughter]
I don't believe you that's May I see
your data centers may I see your
training data you haven't sold enough
cars to have training data meaningfully
That's That's bogus, right?
&gt;&gt; I mean, yeah, I'm definitely I shouldn't
be a Rivian hater, but part of me is
because one of the CEO bailed on an
interview I was supposed to do with him
and my dad has switched from Tesla to
Rivian, which I just think is lame.
Plus, like before I even get to FSD,
there was actually a range test where
the realworld efficiency of the R2 this
it was like I think it was like 70 mi
worse than its real range. The Tesla was
six miles better. So, and what that
boiled down to was a 50% like it's
basically uses 50% more energy per mile
was something like 2.8 versus 3.7 for
like kilowatt hours per mile or
something. So,
&gt;&gt; the whole if you're buying a Rivian,
it's it's super less energy efficient
than the Tesla. They're massively
infringing the range numbers, which
Tesla kind of did in the early days, but
now they actually underestimate. So the
R that is kind of an interesting like
corner to cut that I think isn't a good
idea. But then plus the whole FSD thing
maybe there's a chance Rivian actually
does solve it because they hire they've
just been basically hiring all ex Tesla
people who built it at Tesla. So I think
there's a good chance eventually Rivian
may have an FSD and they're actually
them and Whimo are in the number two
best position to be able to offer a
consumer car with FSD after Tesla. But I
don't know. I think it's taken me so
many years to get comfortable with FSD
that Rivian would have to go through
that same process as well. So, I don't
know. Maybe, you know, maybe the I
haven't actually tried the Rivian FSD.
I'd be curious um if you had, although
I've watched videos of it that made it
look really really bad, but um and those
are pretty unbiased people. So, I don't
know. I think the R2 has a lot of
potential, but it's almost like a decade
too late. Like we were all getting
excited about the electric car 10 years
ago and with the Model 3, but now we're
getting excited about the self-driving
car and that's a whole and I think
Rivian's 10 years away from that to be
as good as Tesla. And so yeah, and then
I also think well the whole the
Supercharger partnership is huge for
them. Um because I think without the
Supercharger network, there's almost no
way you're going to buy an EV. But it's
and I think that also frames in context
just how you know special Tesla is like
you cannot buy another car. You can't
buy a Whimo. Like, yeah, you can't.
There's you, you know, maybe in China
they have a lot of good self-driving
cars. I haven't been there recently, so
I don't know. But you can't buy a car
with FSD unless you have a Tesla. So,
what that really in plain English terms
is basically like, well, you can buy a
normal car or you can buy a self-driving
car, and only one company sells the
self-driving car. So, to me, this is
kind of like a no-brainer. It's just
like, how long does it take for the word
to get out and people to realize the
value of this technology? So, I'm pumped
cuz I think like the last two numbers
we've seen that from Tesla in terms of
subscription, like they you can't buy it
outright. You have to subscribe. They've
been moving to that model and we are
just seeing it take off. And I'm pretty
sure Tesla's hitting like they hit
record revenue last quarter. They're
really close to record deliveries. And
if you look at the prediction markets
for Q3, they're saying like 500,000
cars, which would be like a record. So,
it's starting to I mean, this is huge.
like people like Tesla is selling more
cars than ever because they have FSD.
Like this isn't like a promise. This
isn't just us getting hyped anymore.
This is like actually happening. And I
think it's and it's going to get way
beyond 500,000 cars a quarter. I think
this could take Tesla to 600 700,000
cars a quarter, which takes their
earnings way higher, which is their cash
flow way higher. So, and then the FSD
subscriptions go up. So, I think this
sort of little flywheel that has been
brewing for so long, you know, is
finally hitting critical mass and that's
that's big time.
&gt;&gt; So, on the R2, yeah, the range, I know
Kyle Connor did a 70 mph test. A lot of
people criticized the
&gt;&gt; Yeah, that's unrealistic speed. He said
it isn't. And 90% of people said, "No,
that's not unrealistic." And more
importantly, it's the test he's done on
every car he's ever tested. So that's
apples to apples at that point. It's a
brick. Bricks have problems with arrow
over 55 miles an hour. On their autonomy
day, they went to uh extraordinary
lengths to make sure I wasn't there. Um
they did ask me to live stream it for
them from home, but even though I was in
town just in case, uh they did not want
me there. I have had a chance to
experience the autonomy in China uh from
a few different brands. I even got to
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Oh yeah. I got behind the wheel of
the Xiaoong uh P7. Uh you know, I got my
driver's license and everything so I
could actually get behind the wheel and
not drive it.
&gt;&gt; And
&gt;&gt; wow,
&gt;&gt; it was it was good. It was like a late
12, early 13 and this was in March. So
they're making tremendous progress.
&gt;&gt; Wow.
&gt;&gt; And and they are also vision only and
neural nets end to end because that
approach has merit. I mean for crying
out loud. So these are in China there is
a lot of competition in China. It's
going to be very difficult for an
American player to to play. Even Tesla
building their own data centers is
facing hurdles. Chinese companies can't
play here. But the rest of the world is
wide open. Not wide open. Europe still
has some regulations trying to stifle uh
in order to help their local businesses.
But ah uh so so uh the last thing I want
to talk about is Tesla as an AI company.
We can agree that there's a lot of
excitement around AI right now and Tesla
has a narrow little sliver of it with
autonomy for automobiles whether that's
robo taxi or FSD and robots which as
tiny a sliver as it is encompasses kind
of everything. How exciting is the
prospect of an actually smart robot uh
doing tasks from verbal commands instead
of complicated programming?
&gt;&gt; It's so big. And I mean the whole I mean
assuming you're talking about like the
optimist business and that potential. I
mean I think it's it's tricky because I
mean I was at the shareholder meeting in
November which was almost a year ago I
guess 10 months ago and then did you go
to that or
&gt;&gt; I was at that.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. So that was that was there was a
bunch of robots dancing on stage and I
feel like since then they've kind of
just like stopped showing everything of
the robotic program. Um, but I think
there was maybe like one really quick
video we saw and it is so I think
they've been like totally keeping a
secret on the progress there because
everyone's copying them like crazy and
that's going to be a very difficult
product to scale. But I don't know. I
like that Tesla does big hard things.
Like they're literally pushing and
inventing the future and it's going to
take a while. But I think once they do
it, like it's going to be such a big
deal. And there's so many, you know,
we're all getting hyped on the idea of
AI right now, but it's confined to a
computer or our phones. And I think that
is going to be in many ways bringing it
into the physical world to me is like an
equally big, if not bigger opportunity
that I think just Tesla's tackling. If
you look at the software side, it's like
Claude, OpenAI, Grock, they're all
competing for this pie. They're going to
be doing hundreds of billions in revenue
next year from just the digital side of
AI. And soon once we have the physical
side, I think that's an even bigger
hundreds of billions, trillions of
dollar market that pretty much just
Tesla's leading to start. Maybe you have
bigger robots. Um the Chinese robots are
also going to be a part of this big
movement. But I think like just like
their car, Tesla's taking the time to
engineer a product that actually works.
kind of like that Apple DNA of like it
actually works and is useful. They wait
for kind of perfection before they
really put it out into the world and
they have a certain safety threshold.
That's going to be big with the humanoid
robots. Trust of the brand is going to
be huge because you're going to be
having these in your home. And so I
personally, you know, would I be as
excited about Tesla stock if they didn't
have Optimus? Probably not. You know,
cuz I think Robo Taxi is going to be
big. We haven't even talked about that,
but I think that's going to be huge. Um,
and so is the FSD subscriptions, but I
think there's the robot thing is much
much bigger. And you have to realize,
you know, Tesla's a collection of
businesses. They don't care about next
quarter's earnings. They're a lot
different than other companies. They're
not trying to optimize for revenue next
year or, you know, juicing sales to hype
up Wall Street. They're really building
technologies that they think are going
to be important in 5, 10, 50 years from
now. And that's what Optimus is. And so
very rarely do you have a company of the
success and size of Tesla being willing
to bet something on something so big and
so early that's going to take so many
years of billions of dollars of
investment which we've already been in.
We've already been in five years of
optimist before it pays off. And so I
think it's so big and you should be
excited or at least I am excited as an
investor that Tesla's found an
opportunity exciting enough to spend on
to reinvest their capital on to say no
we're going to go allin on something and
even bigger than what we got today. And
you know I'm I'm constantly thinking
about ways to use my Optimus robot. I
think it's a such a big it's going to be
you know what the iPhone was to the
world was big and I think the humanoid
robot will be the next thing that really
changes society in a big way. AI hasn't
really changed the our lives in a way.
It's like oh I'm doing stuff faster on
the computer. I'm like sorting emails
faster. I'm building code faster. Like
that's not really changing life. But I
think the smartphone changed life. And
then I think the humanoid robot will do
that in a much bigger way. And then you
can unpack that into an economic
equation. And it's the bigger the life
change, the bigger that economic
equation is. And so everyone's going to
have a humanoid robot. I already I might
have 10 or 20, you know, and I'm already
thinking of what I'm going to do with
them. Like new ways to do farming, like
new ways to do construction, you know. I
think it's going to change what it means
to own real estate because you're going
to be able to your robots can be able to
be there. like it's just going to unlock
so many different opportunities and
become a platform for the new economy.
Plus, they're already talking about
sending Optimus to space, too. So,
that's a whole another side of the
business. It's cool. I don't know how
big that'll be, but they say it's going
to be big. So, um anyway, long story
short, like I'm really hyped on Optimus,
and I'm just kind of like letting Tesla
cook. And you know, you might say like,
"Oh, is it going to take a while? When's
it going to happen?" It's not on the
event horizon like you said, so I'm not
predicting a time, but it's it's
something that, you know, when I visited
Austin in 2020, 2021, the Gigafactory
was a pile of dirt. Now I go there, it
is the most state-ofthe-art cybert truck
looking monument I've ever seen
sprawling out of the Texas desert. And
the way like if if you could it I think
it's hard for people to wrap their head
around how fast and like powerful Tesla
expands its technology and value. And I
see that with Optimus. It's like dude
they are building these labs. Like they
have the smartest engineers in the world
tinkering all day building this CP3PO
robot. Like it is getting better and
better. Like we're recording this now.
Maybe this video comes out tomorrow.
Optimus got better. You know what I
mean? like it just keeps working on it,
improving it. And so I'm being patient
and I know it's going to take a long
time, but [snorts]
I think Tesla is sitting on an ace up
its sleeve that, you know, is even more
exciting than what SpaceX is building in
some way.
&gt;&gt; On the Optimus progress, I had a chance
to talk with a few of the engineers, not
last month, but a year ago last month,
and they were bouncing out of their
skin, wishing they could share what
they'd been working on. And that was a
year ago. I see a lot of people
complaining, "Nope, Tesla's fallen
behind." And we know because we saw a
demo from technology that was finished
over the weekend from a competitor and
we haven't seen anything from Tesla,
therefore there isn't anything to see.
And I assure you, my friends, there is
something to see. I don't know what it
is, but I can see the excitement of the
people who work on it every day. And uh
so guys, I'm going to bring Cally back
for a part two where we're going to talk
about SpaceX. And my question for him
will be can we even understand the total
addressable market whether it's for
launches or the Starlink or uh or
compute. There's a lot there to tackle.
So come back for that guys. What do we
miss? What do we misunderstand? Leave it
in them comments below. Head over to
Hyperchange. Uh check it out. He's
always got some insightful stuff as
you've noticed. I post some of it.
Everybody else stay tuned. Stay juicy.
And I can't wait to hear from you clever
robots when you return for the thrilling
conclusion.