Channel:     futureaza
Title:       Cybercab Reality - Something Guaranteed - Tesla Beat Podcast
URL:         https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vZP_XomsHXg
Published:   2026-09-05 14:58 UTC
Fetched:     2026-09-05 18:00 UTC

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

What's up everyone? It is the Tesla Beat
158. Brian was flying back from Nepal
and so we only had one thing to do and
that was to move the podcast a whole 24
hours. Not like there was anything else
going on. But with that said, um, how's
everyone doing? Um, I don't know, Brian,
if you want to start out the episode
real quick, just giving a highlight. We
can let Joe go and then we'll hit you.
&gt;&gt; Well, I'll go first. It's fine. and I uh
got through my 36-hour return journey.
It went better than expected. Uh I paid
25 bucks to upgrade my seat a little
bit, which meant I luckily got elbow
room. No one was next to me. It was so
good. Uh yeah, and then but the trip
itself was amazing. I got to interview
people from the National Power Grid. I
got to interview engineers who have
themselves built electric uh buses for
the for the upcoming wave of
electrification. I got to interview
CEOs. It was a really great time and
some food so spicy I'm worried about the
long term.
&gt;&gt; Nice. Well, yeah. I know that I was
really worried about you because of, you
know, the floods and all that, but but
we had talked and you were good. So I So
it
&gt;&gt; go ahead.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, I did want to make a a point on
the floods. While they only came to
about 30 miles from where I was. Yeah.
They started up at the border that so
far right. They go downhill. They go
down village to village uh with absolute
devastation. It still did cross the path
of a number of places that we had
planned to go. Uh so I do still consider
myself very fortunate.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Well, glad you were safe. Glad it
was not um you know in your path and
hopefully everyone there um you know
they can um get back or find you know
the people that are missing quickly and
and you know recover things. So, um, you
know, thoughts and prayers for for that.
Um, last thing, quick shout out to Link
the Link 2C. Um, it's an amazing
portable camera. I mean, if you want to
look as beautiful as Brian, I mean, you
know, you know, you know, right? So, um,
if you know, you know, no, you know. So,
with that said,
&gt;&gt; well, I do want to give a quick
additional shout out to Link 2C and Link
2. If you don't want the AI stuff, just
do the link 2. It's the same camera.
It's just as beautiful. You've always
wondered why webcams suck. It's
basically they took all the guts of a
cell phone and put it in a in a webcam
and now you've got like iPhone quality
streaming that's portable and
affordable. It's so good. It's so good.
If you if you're not using even if
you're using, you know, a giant camera
like I had been for years, switch. It's
going to make your life better.
&gt;&gt; I gave mine away to my neighbor's son.
Like I had it was like a $900. I'm like,
"This thing is just collecting dust."
and actually kind of stopped working a
little bit, but whatever. And I replaced
it with an amazing uh link 2C. But with
that said, um so this is a fiveday um
you know uh the past 5 days. So this is
not uh you know what was last Friday.
It's probably what was like last kind of
like end of day Friday. But with that
said, Tesla's up 2%. SpaceX is at about
6%. And it's great also I'll say that it
was great to see that kind of spike. Um
you saw it happen on the third obviously
because of the cyber cabin it kind of
softened um and then with the
um with SpaceX it you know the IPO price
was 135. So it's great to see the the
highs and the lows. I mean you're
talking it peaked at 225 right per
share. Um but that happens with every
IPO that I've seen. There's always a
crazy surge at the beginning. All right
well let's just uh jump into it. Um,
I'll go ahead and be careful. Cybercap
doors. I don't know what that dude is
talking about, but um, what I will say
is, okay, this was a very very unique
event. Um, I I would say that I think,
um, you know, we had four keynote
speakers. They were all of the Cybert
truck uh, team. This was a mixture of
vehicle engineers, AI, and the design
team. Um, Ashock uh was there as the the
VP of autopilot software. Um, but then
you had Eric who was the lead designer.
You had uh sorry, the lead vehicle
engineer. You had the lead designer for
for CyberCab. Um, and so yeah, it was a
really small event. Um, it was not live
streamed publicly as we as we know. Um,
and uh there was only like the the
people that came it was a very select
few. Um so um and then um you know we
had um access to the cyber cab like
right after the keynotes. Um so it was a
really like I said really kind of like
simple but like I think the biggest
thing is is that this was a big moment.
Um you know real quick I did meet with
Eric the lead vehicle engineer. Um we'll
have an interview coming. Um you you
remember meeting him um Brian and Joe
like when he did that thing in December.
So, got some time with him. That was
great. Like only like a quick five
questions. Um, and then yeah, we, you
know, I'll be I I did a couple live
streams, but I think what this was for
me, um, and I would love to get your
yours your perspective. Um, Brian and
Joe is just this was just like I I feel
like it was a fork in the road. It was a
turning point. Um, I've been following
Tesla maybe a little bit later than both
of you guys. I started in 2018, but you
know, I remember looking back at the
Model 3 photos without a steering wheel
and without pedals, and this is the mass
production,
you know, uh, fully autonomous vehicle.
And I will say that every ride was
absolutely perfect. I probably spent
about 5 hours in total. Um, I did two
one-hour long rides across the geoence.
I mean, that's how big. And I didn't
even go to the top. it is not going on
the highway. But I will say that every
single ride was practically flawless.
There's nothing you can do to take take
control if you didn't feel comfortable.
Um, not only that, you know, you're, you
know, you're able to really get all that
time back. I mean, this was probably
like the first time that I felt like I
could actually get that time back. If I
I mean, obviously I'm creating content,
but if I wanted to pop out my laptop, I
can. If I wanted to take a a nap, I
could. Um, you know, you really got to
see that full interaction. And with the
Robo Taxi app, they now tell you too,
like where to go. Kind of like if you're
standing in the wrong direction, like,
hey, go like 300 ft this way. It's kind
of like find find my my iPhone or find
my phone. Um, those phone apps where it
just tells you like the direction you
need to go. Um, but it was it was it was
really I think it's just a big moment
for
uh for Tesla. I mean, this is this is
what for me, this is what I waited for
in 2018. This is what I knew the company
could do. Um, and they had about 40 to
45 cals that they were kind of releasing
to us and um and giving us priority for
I believe uh the first, you know, half
of of of Thursday, then to Friday. Um
but yeah, I I think this was like again
I can go more in depending on you know
your your um your guys' input but uh
what were your thoughts on this event
and what you what you saw from from X
and what this means for Tesla.
&gt;&gt; So to me the event was uh not an event.
It was disappointing and not just
because I didn't get to go. That of
course is disappointing but uh there was
a lot of speculation we would see
version 15 rolled out or some
explanation of hardware four and a half
or five and we didn't get that. Uh there
was expectation that maybe today is the
day it goes live in every state or
several states,
but uh all it was was a a a good
opportunity to announce what happened,
which is that they're entering the fleet
today. Now they're a thing. But what I
wanted to address that's more important
than that is all the people saying, "Oh,
this can't work. It'll never work."
Guys, it works. It's I mean, we're past
that. That's like uh trying to explain
to me that the forest is not on fire
when I can see the flames approaching my
house. The forest is on fire. This is
exciting. So, there's going to be people
who still think, well, it should have a
wheel and pedals just in case. No,
because that will that's something a
fool or crazy person will create hazard
with uh a thousand times more frequently
than someone would get themselves out of
trouble. If I'm a tourist in some place
in some country I've never been before
and I hop in a cyber cab and I think
it's doing something wrong and I take
the controls, things got worse. So, this
just idiot proofs it. And I know what
you're saying. Make something idiot
proof, they'll just build better idiots.
That's also true. But, uh, this is
exciting. It works. We know it works
because we use it. And there are a
handful of little edge cases where it
doesn't. Uh, and those are not inside
the geoence. So, I don't know what to
tell you.
&gt;&gt; So, I don't really know what the big
deal is. My truck drives me every day,
everywhere, and I don't have to touch
the steering wheel. I don't even know
why I have the steering wheel. So, this
this was a meh event for me. No, I'm
just kidding. So, uh, so one of the
things I I thought was really cool is
the fact that at the 1010 event, like
was it almost two years now? It's
freaking wild. But um at the 1010 event,
people were like, "Oh, this is not
possible. We're five to 10 years away or
whatever." And here we are. And even
though like earlier last year and
whatever you saying with the steering
wheel and stuff and and all the haters
like, "Oh man, you see see it needs a
pedal. It needs steering wheels." And
now they're like, "Oh, that's just
dangerous. you you should have an
alternate way for people. You can't you
can't win for losing with these people.
It is what it is. But I I think um I
think like Brian was saying, it was kind
of like a nothing burger, which is why
you didn't have uh Elon there, he didn't
keynote, you didn't have Fron there, you
know what I mean? Like there was this
was like we did it. We know we're we
know we're crushing it and we're coming.
And even today, uh, Koshi had announced
that Uber is trying to find a way to
partner up with actual taxi companies to
try and get ahead of the robo taxis
because they know that all Tesla does is
manufacturing. And Tesla's going to put
out so many of these, it's going to
crush the freaking numbers of Whimo and
everybody else within a year. And people
are going to be like losing their crap.
And and here we go again. like you doubt
it and man I don't I don't even know how
many times you can tell people not to
bet against Elon but they keep doing it
and then we keep find ourselves in these
situations and and like Elon said I
guess uh Marquez really wants to shave
his head so
&gt;&gt; yeah Joe quick reminder as you're a
Cybertruck owner don't uh tap the screen
every like 5 to 10 minutes so it doesn't
shut down um but uh yeah with that said
um you know I think I think Joe you said
it you said it right I mean we're Now at
this point where you know they've they I
mean the uh Ashok made it very clear
he's like guys we're not using LAR we're
not using uh any sensors um he also made
it very clear that um you know sun is
not an issue they've they've beaten out
the sun they can look through the sun no
matter how high it will beam down or how
hot or how glaring it is. Uh the one
thing he said that they may need to kind
of work through is going to be, you
know, traction on the tires as you're
going through snow and things like that.
But again, that will be something that
they will navigate through. But yeah,
this is and for me, um for me, this is
the full, you know, who knows how how
much uh they're going to be able to
launch. Um I do know that they um they
they originally had said, "Hey, it'll be
released to the public at 5:00 p.m.
CST." They moved it up to two. I believe
that's cuz maybe things were going
really well um on Friday. But with that
said, there's a lot of confidence going.
Uh but this is this is that moment where
they have unsupervised, they have the
mass production vehicle now. Now it will
literally be just unleashing it to the
cities that are already lit up. It will
be releasing it to more cities.
Um but you know really at this point
like I really just don't see um you know
the competition is is is really at this
point I think it's going to become geo
geopolitical at this point right like I
think there's a reason why um I can't go
too much into detail but there's a
reason why Tesla's having issues
lighting it up in California. I thought
it was maybe on the it's just they don't
have the same political power as a
powerhouse like Google does. Right. And
um and who knows and you mentioned Uber.
Uber's you one of it's one of those
things where some stuff is happening
where um I guess Joe's gone. I told him
to touch the truck. No, but um um and uh
one of those things where I heard I'm
hearing that Uber is doing things behind
the scenes and again this is all
alleged. Um but you know doing things
behind the scenes to you know slow even
you know places like um Zuks and um and
Whimo and potentially Tesla by by with
lawsuits.
Um so it's just one of those things
where you're going to see that happening
kind of what was happening with with
legacy um you know legacy auto and big
oil. They're going to try to slow down
the inevitable. It is just a um it's
going to be one of those things where
they the inevitable is is here.
&gt;&gt; Um one thing one I'm going to hit you
with this last thing. So I have a a
podcast. I I met up with Kim. Uh we did
a quick podcast but it was on Grockbot.
If you've used Grockbot it is a chat GPT
moment. It is agents that run all the
time. You can hook it up to your Google
Drive. You can hook it up to your email.
You can have it do things on a routine
basis. Now imagine you step into the car
and Grock pops up. You have your full
workstation. You have your prompts, your
agents. You can have it, you can stick
the pizza in the oven, walk away inside
of your cyber cab because it is
completely linked. Um, so your working
station will now move with you. It's
just that's the future and no one else
has anything close to this stack. like
we're so far ahead. Even if even if
Whimo had their solution, there's no way
that they're going to be able to c to
catch up with something like uh what
what the full integration that Tesla
has.
&gt;&gt; Whimo doesn't have a solution for that.
Go ahead, Brian.
&gt;&gt; Uber is Uber's desperate, and I get it.
They should be desperate. They
understood this was coming back as early
as anyone. They had their own autonomy
division. They put billions into it just
confident they could crack it. And when
they had that horrible uh fatality, they
had to step back and look at the program
honestly and tell them and ask
themselves how close is it to not doing
that ever again if it's unsupervised.
And their answer was unacceptably far.
So they sold the division to a company
in China. That company still is working
on it. Has poured additional billions
into it without success. It's really
hard. Uber has nothing. They bring
nothing to the table. Well, we've got
drivers. No, you don't. You've got the
least loyal people out there, the people
who are just looking for any better
deal. And that's the equation that you
established. You don't promise them
anything and they don't promise you. You
don't have the cars. Those are their
cars. You don't have uh the writers. I
said, "Well, we we do. We have hundreds
of millions of riders." Yeah. Who hate
you and are desperate to find an
alternative? Uh so what do you bring an
app? I'm sorry, but I know a company
that's pretty good at making apps. uh
that part is not the hard part. So what
you're missing is the everything and
Uber knows that. So they're trying to
partner with everyone, but increasingly
those companies like Whimo said, "Yeah,
we're going to end our partnership with
Uber in this particular market because
we've got enough data, we've got enough
cars, we've got enough riders that we
don't need to pay a middleman for doing
nothing." So what are they going to do?
Uh flounder. And I saw some, oh yeah,
but have you seen their earnings are so
good? Yeah. Have you seen NokiA's
earnings just before they imploded? Have
you seen Blockbusters just before theirs
imploded? That doesn't The last
quarter's revenue, today's revenue isn't
relevant in the future. And especially
for Uber. And uh someone said, "Well,
Uber has a lot of pivots they can still
do." I said, "Those are not pivots, my
friend. Those are circles, and this is a
drain." Uh so good luck uh spiraling
that uh riding that downward spiral.
&gt;&gt; No, that that's man. Yeah, that's facts.
Crazy crazy crazy to think I think a lot
of people forget about the the past
failings of other companies. Uh John, I
I'll ask you uh since you were able to
do it. The we had
a few there's I think his name is Tesh
Texas Tesla. He was the one. That's why
it
the door opened and it and it uh it has
no sensors outward.
It has sensors in when it closes. So, it
won't close on people. I mean, it bumps
them and opens back up. But on the way
out, it just opens all the way. It It
has no It has no sensors. So, that's why
that that picture it hit him. It hit him
like three times.
&gt;&gt; So,
&gt;&gt; he was doing it.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. I don't know what he was doing.
Obviously, I haven't I haven't seen the
videos, but I will tell you there are
what seems to be sensors. It did an
amazing job. So, like when we actually
had and we'll we'll publish the videos
or whenever Kim publishes her videos,
when you walk up, it actually,
especially if it's next to a curb, it
will pause. It'll open up a little bit
and actually you kind of feel like it's
waiting a little bit long, but a lot of
times, um, at least on my iPhone, I have
it set up with live activities, so it'll
know as I'm approaching the vehicle
exactly when to open it. Um, and I
believe actually if you check out Kim's
publish video too, you know, when it was
coming up, it was able to kind of sense
there was like this dumpster next to it,
but um I So I don't know that was a
display model at the popup. I believe he
was looking at um you know where it was.
Yes, it was both both of them were
opening up. I I jumped in the trunk a
couple times on that one, but like I
think it's uh you know it definitely I I
think um it you know it hitting people
will not be a will not be a problem. Um
I think
&gt;&gt; Okay. Um, I will say what what's really
&gt;&gt; he was trolling a bit. You you could
tell from the videos he was trolling a
bit.
&gt;&gt; Okay. So, what I will say though is I
put my hand and leg in both of the frunk
and um, you know, closing it on it. And
again, you know, it's I knew it's big
enough. I didn't
&gt;&gt; Well, not the frunk.
&gt;&gt; Sorry, the trunk. You know what I mean?
The trunk and the doors. And because of
the the the what the Cyber Cab is made
of, the plastic, it actually doesn't
hurt at all. and even when it puts a
little bit of pressure. Um, but it it
did not have a problem with with that.
And I believe, again, I don't want to
spoil this, but you know, we put a shirt
also too, like, you know, rolled up
shirt in between the cyber cab door and
it it it stopped. So, I don't think that
that will be an issue. Um, one thing too
is, uh, you know, I I assume, you know,
David brought his his father, too,
&gt;&gt; who, um, who is blind. And, you know,
again, like I said, I I haven't seen all
his videos yet just because it's been a
lot of content.
&gt;&gt; But, um, like I said, they're they've
thought a lot about this. They've done
so much testing. Um, and I don't think
it I don't think it hitting people is
going to be a problem. I think it's
especially if you turn on those live
activities, you'll have it. Um, and the
doors can open up different ways, right?
I've seen I I've seen I've have pictures
where it's kind of up, you know, really
um, tilted in and then other ones where
it's wide, right? So, it just kind of
like it knows the range based on that.
And it can see it from the B-pillar,
too, um, if it if it needs to.
&gt;&gt; That's cool.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Yeah. I I think I think as with
everything on the internet, right, it's
it's uh the greatest opinions comes from
the people who have the least experience
in
I see so many people with cybert truck
opinions that have never been in a
cybert truck. So, I mean, that's that's
typically what happens. They weren't
there at the event. They didn't test the
vehicles, so they don't really know. And
but there's a lot of opinions out there
until it actually starts to become a a
good thing. I will also say this as a
Whimo passes me the uh is the Zeker one.
Um
I want banish on my Cyber Truck. So if I
summon my truck to me and I have to get
my glasses out of it, I have to get in
it and then get back pull over to the
spot and then I can automatically pick
my parking spot for it to auto park.
That whole point of me being in the
vehicle to pick the auto park is like
ridiculous cuz then I still have to walk
back.
Banish needs to happen could and and now
since you I saw your photos, you're best
friends with Ashock. I need you to text
him immediately during call and let him
know that that's what I want.
&gt;&gt; I I'll say just real quick and then I'll
throw it to you, Brian. That was not
planned. I just so happened to be at the
popups. He would be walking by. Hey,
quick photo. And then and then I I did
get to talk to him inside of the event.
Um yeah, go Brian.
&gt;&gt; Uh John, you're actually pretty quiet,
just so you know. I don't know what uh
there. Let me check.
&gt;&gt; Something must have happened. So my
question for both of you is you're both
fairly tall gentlemen. I get people
every day still saying the door the car
is too low, the door is too small. And I
say the door is huge. Getting in and out
is effortless. You just sit down and
pull your legs in because the door is so
big. You just swing them. If you can get
into a couch, you can get into a cyber
cab. If you can ride in a wheelchair,
which has the same height off the ground
for the seat as the cyber cab, you can
do it. You guys are both tall. I don't
know what that's like. You'll have to
let me know. What's it like for you
getting in and out of the car? It's
impossible, right?
&gt;&gt; Completely. Like, it's a horrible
vehicle. No, it honestly well if you
have have you ever if you've ever been
in a Model X in the back right with the
Falcon Wing doors, there's a reason why
the the way that those open really
actually gives you way more space than
any door going out like this. Going up
like this, you have full access to get
in. You want to go in with your knee,
you want to back in with your your
bottom and sit first like I do. Um or
you want to put your knee in first. It
gives you so much more room. Um, and
because it's so much smaller, I believe
that they've I don't know the exact
quotes off the top of my head, but I I
believe it has less door span like going
out than I think even a three or Y,
right?
&gt;&gt; Yes.
&gt;&gt; So, it's one of those things where they
really did think about, you know, how do
they make this accessible? Like
potentially, you think of um, you know,
someone with a disability or like blind,
for example. Literally, this is going to
give them so much more room. they're
going to be able to use utilize their
stick to just see how much width they
have versus you know if if you have it
uh you know just a regular car door
they're going to have to look at the
width of how much it's open and then how
high how low. Um so this is just really
like from an accessibility perspective.
It really is going to be a complete game
changer
&gt;&gt; when you
say Go ahead. Go ahead. Go ahead. Nope.
Nope. You go ahead.
Good lord. So then if we if you look at
the total width of the doors with the
car with with the of the cars with the
doors wide open, the Cyber Cab is quite
a few inches narrower than a three or Y.
And even though the doors are ginormous,
they don't swing out. They swing
primarily up. Uh they do swing out a
bit. So, yes, even with the doors all
the way open, uh you've still got less
intrusion into the lane of travel or the
pedestrian area than you would
otherwise. And yeah, it I I assure you,
we've talked to the engineers. All three
of us have had prolonged chats with the
engineers. They have thought of
everything. I asked them at that
December event, "These aren't the final
doors, are they?" He goes, "Oh, uh, let
me I let me hand you to the door man who
designed them and explained to you why
they are real and final and the best
ones." And they are.
&gt;&gt; Yep. That's what I was going to say
because we because we sat in it at that
event and we were able to get in and out
of it and it is like the easiest thing.
It's not too low, it's not too high.
It's like I don't know. It's it's it's
like the perfect uh batch of porch. So,
yeah. I don't I don't I don't think
that's going to be a problem. I I think
it's uh one of those things that people
love to complain about until they
experience it. Like all the time people
ask me like, "Hey, how many tickets have
you gotten? You don't have any mirrors
on." It's like I I haven't got a ticket
for that. But it's something that they
worry about.
&gt;&gt; How many Tesla owners have never put a
front plate on in mandatory? Uh I didn't
have a front plate on my Nissan Quest
either. I got the bracket for it and I
was like, "Well, as soon as I get pulled
over, I'll install it." Nah.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Like my wife has one just because,
you know, she doesn't care about the the
look as much, right? But like for me,
um, you know, I did buy, you know, one
of the quick bandits, but I just never
never put it on just because of the
look. Um, but one of the one of the
things that is is really interesting is
is just like when you think of this
service and um, you know, they put out
the interest form too. So you can if
you're interested in buying a fleet or
um you know you can you can put that. So
this is no longer like like I said
they're going to see obviously how much
uh interest there is. They're going to
vet it. But this is like like I said
this is a new book in the story of
Tesla. And um I just thought it was
really interesting. And you know, again,
I was talking to Kim a little bit about
how um like if you think of
um if you think of like, okay, you you
throw your your car into the the robo
taxi network, the your cyber cab, you
can potentially send it to, you know,
the robo taxi service center and pay
Tesla, hey, I'm going to pay you for the
charge. I'm going to pay you to wash it
cuz I don't want to do it. Um I'm going
to pay for storage overnight or, you
know, I just want you to be I'm, you
know, going on a trip for all week. And
um like I said, it's this is the stuff
that Tesla is working through. Um I saw
the I had the experience of of uh being
at the Pine House Brewery and I actually
saw the robo taxis um you know cuz they
end their service right now I think at
10:00. Um and I believe that I think
Ashock just said or or someone just said
that you know the 24-hour service is
coming soon. But, uh, with that said,
um, I saw all of them like they had like
two or three cyber trucks and they were
like chasing people as far as like, you
know, people were driving them, parking
them, plugging them in, and then running
them back. But, you know, they're going
to need like more than ever. I can tell
you they're going to come up with a
mobile charging solution soon. It's
especially as this ramps when you're
talking thousands of Teslas because they
can't, you know, they're not going to
want to pay to to run that type of
person operation. They're going to want
to automate that um you know, as soon as
possible. So, I think it's the biggest
thing is going to be is just paying for
uh parking lots where they can set up
this infrastructure, right? I think San
Antonio just launched one or just
there's an acre that they uh just uh got
permitted for. Um yeah, I think it was
um I don't know did anyone else have any
comments otherwise I have one more
example. Uh this was also the irony of
it. I posted it and um it was just like
it was the irony of like the launch day.
So I ordered an Uber. I was outside. I
was in the geoence but at the airport so
they're not accessible there. An Uber
driver took 15 minutes to get there
which was fine. They couldn't find me
because there was a gate into the actual
like hotel which you can still come in
as an Uber driver because they they do a
time thing, right? but he wouldn't come
in. But either way, I picked a different
location. The guy the guy finally shows
up. He could not initiate his ride by
clicking like, "Hey, picked up John or
whatever." And then he unfortunately,
you know, I couldn't communicate with
him um at all. I mean, I speak I took
four years of SP. He didn't speak
Spanish either. Um like I just I
couldn't have that interaction. And he
he's like, "Oh, like get out, right?"
like and then I so I get out and then
Uber still charges me $22 for the ride.
Um and it wasn't until and their
customer supports told me multiple times
that they would not do it. Either way,
what I'm saying is is like when I
complained on X, they refunded me
finally, right, after thousands of
views. But what I will say is that this
is just like it's one of those things,
right? When you think of your kids,
right, if they have to be 13 or older,
like we're I was talking to K about
you're, you know, you'll be able to get
that live view like, hey, did my kid
make it to soccer practice? Can they get
out of the vehicle?
&gt;&gt; Um, you're not going to deal with
strangers like, you know, sexual har I
was looking up stats. Like the stats are
crazy. Like every, you know, what is it,
10 minutes there's like some type of
Uber sexual harassment situ. Again, I
don't I don't know the exact stats, but
&gt;&gt; but it it is high. there is a lot of
issues and um this is stuff that is just
gonna go go away, right? And I think it
was
&gt;&gt; uh Brian, you said it perfectly like
what does Uber really have to offer,
right? They have a platform, but people
are Tesla's a software firstbased
company and look at what they're doing.
Their their app is it's simple. It's
amazing. Um and again, it is connected
to everything with Grock, right? It can
be connected to your your Tesla app. It
can be connected to your Grock Grock
information, uh your your all of your
preferences. And again, there is stuff
that Whimo and uh Uber can do to
personalize things, but not in the same
way that a Tesla, if you're a Tesla
owner, it can, right?
&gt;&gt; Agreed. Agreed.
&gt;&gt; Definitely.
All right. Oh, that was uh Bennett had
uh Bennett and Zach had they brought a
controller and they were able to plug a
controller up in the
&gt;&gt; in the uh Cyber Cat. That was pretty
cool.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. One other thing too is so I didn't
test that was when we plugged in um you
know to charge like a DJI Osmo, it asked
if we wanted to use the webcam.
So now imagine like if you you can hook
up your Link 2C, you'll be able to do
like Zoom calls with a better camera
than the one at the top, right?
&gt;&gt; Um so you'll Yeah, it's uh it really is,
you know, and uh and I'm not surprised.
You write I think actually Elon
responded last night, you'll be able to
hook up your Xbox and PlayStation,
right? And and just and just play. So
yeah,
&gt;&gt; how long are these trips people are
taking around the city?
How long are these trips?
&gt;&gt; Well, you know, I'll put it this way.
You know, first times are coming. First
times for whatever, like for you know
what I mean? So,
&gt;&gt; Oh, yeah.
&gt;&gt; Um, yeah, all of those are coming.
&gt;&gt; Um, but yeah.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, you you were talking about that.
Now, I don't think you have to you don't
have to pre-order a bunch. You can order
like one or whatever. You can just put
your name on the list.
I don't think it it didn't it didn't
specify an account when you sign up for
the fleet. You're just you're just
putting your name on the list.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Yeah. I I I don't I don't think um
I mean obviously I don't know how
they're going to go through the list,
but it's all going to come down to to
regulation in at at this point. It's um
and what what can they sorry safety test
safety testing and miles and then
regulation, right? So,
but yeah, add a cyber cab to your fleet.
All right. And uh Oh, so did he change
did he change his mind?
&gt;&gt; No, it's he No, what he did was he put
out another video and he offered people
the he doubled down basically. He
offered people that if they are so sure
that it's going to happen before the end
of the year, then he suggests that they
tag him and shave their heads if Tesla
does doesn't do it until 2027.
So, he just doubled down and put the
reverse UNO card on everyone.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, I am not not surprised. He's gonna
I I just hope
we'll see. We'll see what happens. But
hopefully they can do a personal
delivery in the geoence in Austin and
have it running around and create a
whole video um sell to someone cuz
there's not a restriction of like, oh,
they got to do 10. It's like they just
got to go showcase one, right?
&gt;&gt; No. Yeah. He didn't specify. It wasn't
it his bet wasn't like and people got to
understand this is Marquez. This isn't
like it's legally required or anything.
He just said that they wouldn't be able
to sell any before the end of the year
to a customer. That's that that was his
only thing. And if they happen to do
that, then then it is what it is.
&gt;&gt; I would say that if they only sell one,
it's kind of cheating. The whole idea
was that Tesla said, "No, they would be
for sale. They would be for customers."
And Marquez said, "If it even one
delivers, I'll shave my head." Uh, I I'd
like to see them deliver more than one.
Uh, but he wants
&gt;&gt; I'm pretty sure they'll deliver more
than one.
&gt;&gt; Marquez Marquez has something that I
don't have, which is the ability to grow
the hair back. So, I guess I'm just
jealous.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Um, Brian, I wanted to ask you a
question. um you know how from like um
like uh from a manufacturing perspective
like how hard is it to cut down
something by like 50% as far as like cuz
the the cyber cap is 50% more efficient.
It is the most efficient vehicle ever
made and when you literally I think Elon
challenged the team to cut it by 50 the
efficiency by 50%. And I talked to Eric
a little bit about that, but you know,
from your perspective, like, you know,
how how hard is that for people? Like I
I don't think people also understand
like the engineering and ingenuity
behind like this Marvel at the end of
the day, cuz that's really what it is.
&gt;&gt; There's a bunch of things that go into
it, but it comes back to thinking
outside the box. The old puzzle, can you
think outside the box? And when it comes
to efficiency on your car, my car, there
are rules that can't be changed. But if
you remove the driver, you just changed
all the rules. You and I will sometimes
for fun or distraction or whatever
reason really stomp on the pedal. That's
really bad for efficiency. So, if you
can eliminate all hard stops, hard
stops, speeding, and uh and even the
hard turns, which bleeds off a lot of
energy, uh there are uh there's a bunch
of efficiencies that you get
automatically right out of the gate. And
then once you've got eliminated, if you
look at the part count on an IPACE,
there's 30,000 pieces, 30,000 rivets and
screws and fasteners and covers and
latches and everything. But the Model Y
has uh more like uh 10,000 and the Cyber
Cab could have as few as 4,000. And
you've been in it enough times to know.
If I asked you to close your eyes and
name every piece on the interior of that
car, you could you can remember all of
them because there's only a few dozen uh
in including all the fasteners. So, how
hard is it to get that much more
efficiency? you've got a lower speed, an
easier drive, and you haven't even
gotten into the engineering yet. So,
they kind of cheated. They shortcuted
the the test by by having the perfect
driver every time, by having the driver
that they would pick for the EPA test
cycle. Uh, and then of course, uh, it's
low. It doesn't have the mirrors on the
side to drag. It doesn't You can
eliminate all those little things. And
you can make it longer and skinnier,
which they did. The closer to a
teardrop, the better you get. And you
can make the back end narrower to
improve the teardrop shape. So, they
took 1% from everywhere they could find
it, and some places 5%. And that's how
they really did it.
That's pretty awesome.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, it's um Yeah, I think people I
think that's the the the one thing I did
want to call out is this is not just a
you know um they're going to be
launching something that is going to
make things cheaper cuz you saw I think
people posted it. The um the rides will
be cheaper than the Model Y as it
should, right? Right. And you're talking
maybe like 20% just because obviously a
model model Y is just it's going to be
meant for more more people and and
people with more than two people should
be paying for it. Um but most rides, you
know, the fleet is going to be what 80%
cyber cab at least and then once you
have like four plus people, but it's at
the bottom and you can see the price
difference. Um but yeah, I mean like I
said, why are you gonna
&gt;&gt; Does it It tells you I mean you you get
the to choose if you're more than one
person. You get to choose the the
vehicle.
&gt;&gt; Oh.
&gt;&gt; So, it's kind of like do you want Cyber
Cap or Model Y? And it says two versus
four or five. Yeah. Well, I think it's
four right now because I don't think
they're letting anyone sit in the
driver's wheel.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. It's like when you order your
Uber, do you want pool X or black? And
&gt;&gt; I I understand when I'm on vacation with
my family and I need an Uber XL that
it's going to take a few more minutes to
get to me and it's going to cost a few
more bucks. I get that. I accept that. I
know that's me. Uh whereas, yeah, if if
we've got two apps, maybe we just do two
cyber cabs and get there five minutes
quicker. Uh but yeah, I think people can
understand and that won't be too big of
a deal.
&gt;&gt; Nice.
&gt;&gt; Definitely
sounds good. Um, but yeah, it's um,
yeah, it it's here. I mean, the go to
Austin, download the Robbo taxi. It's
actually the number one, I think, ride
sharing app in in the United States
right now. It's trending. Um, and uh, go
check it out. I think like here in the
Bay Area, it was still like I was at the
San Jose airport last night and I was,
you know, exhausted from traveling and
whatever. It would take 25 minutes to
wait for the robo taxi. So,
unfortunately, I wasn't going to wait an
extra 25 minutes after like a 4-hour
flight, right? So, um I just grabbed an
Uber back, but um you know, they they'll
have their shortcomings here and there
as they launch, but you know, over time
it will truly um yeah, it's going to be
a game changer. But looks like Li, you
know, Whimo ran into another Whimo,
&gt;&gt; dude. No, that that Okay, so on the
left, yes, though. The Whimo. The Whimo
ran into the other Whimo. That is crazy.
The other Whimo. And this is a Zeer. You
usually don't see the Zikers get into
accidents. The Zeer just takes off this
guy's front fender and keeps driving.
&gt;&gt; Freaking crazy, dude. Oh my god. It's
It's wild, bro. Like
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Know it's Yeah, it's Yeah.
Lighter. Way more LAR needed.
&gt;&gt; Exactly.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, they sure love rubbing liar. Uh
evidence that the more eyeballs, the
better. If you can touch eyeballs, then
you're definitely in a real safe zone.
On the bumper shredding, I thought it
was pretty interesting to see the people
defending it saying, "No, no, no. He was
just Whimo even said they just pulled
over further down. Further down where
they it was safe to do so." Yeah, but he
didn't like hazards, right?
&gt;&gt; Right. The other car took off, too. Oh
gosh. So, that's just exciting. Uh, you
know, they were they borrowed some
simulator time from GTA 6, I guess.
&gt;&gt; It's crazy, man.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Um, it it it it is crazy, but
yeah, I think it's I think for me, like
I said, it's it's no longer this is no
longer about proving to people that
vision only works. Uh with this launch
&gt;&gt; there there is nothing that can be said
anymore. Um I was also
&gt;&gt; bro when the lights went out in San
Francisco and all the Whimos were stuck
andbody's FSD kept working. That was
your that was your in right there. Like
that's when you realized that vision.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. I was just saying more of like you
know this is fully unsupervised. It was
also really interesting right? It was
raining a ton um in Austin when we were
when I was on some of my drives and the
windshield wiper actually was not going
off much because from because it it's a
trippy experience, right? Cuz like from
my experience as I'm I'm driving, I want
to see
&gt;&gt; but it didn't a as it's driving me and
I'm just riding in it, it only needs to
clear out the the spot for the cameras
and so it would do that when it needed.
Otherwise, it was just completely
uh just uh you know, the the whole
windshield was covered in rain until the
until the cameras got blocked. Um so,
it's just like again a trippy
experience. But again, I I don't think
that weather is much is a factor at all
really outside of maybe more testing on
the snow side. But when it comes to the
glare of the sun and rain, you you know,
they they did a really good job. And
again, this was on day two, right? They
literally had rain yesterday. That was
happening.
&gt;&gt; You don't even need windshields.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; What do you need to look out for?
&gt;&gt; There's no windshield.
&gt;&gt; All right. Uh Joe,
&gt;&gt; hey, real quick before you get into this
story, I want to ask you about the uh
the paint injection on the on the
plastic for the for the cyber cap.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. What about it?
&gt;&gt; What do you want to know?
&gt;&gt; That's my That's my question. and I want
to know everything.
&gt;&gt; Um well I I would say that um yeah I
mean the and again I'm not don't don't
take this make sure you double you fact
check this but um yeah I mean like like
I said you literally have a plastic
right like cuz like all of the actual I
don't I don't have it with me but all of
the actual like um the passes for
content creators in were actually made
from the cyber cab. It was like a
cybercap piece. And so you you literally
saw the plastic, right, being like
really thick and actually because every
single uh ticket was different because
it was a literally a part from the car.
Um so nothing looked the same, but like
the actual like paint like it felt like
a like pretty thick layer on top of it.
And yet again, you know, how much
efficiency are they drawing out of that?
I don't know if that's really answer
your question, but yeah, I'm not Go
ahead.
&gt;&gt; No, I I was thinking I was thinking
about the Brian probably remembers this.
The Saturns back in the day were made, I
think, that way.
&gt;&gt; Only the panels,
&gt;&gt; right? Yeah.
&gt;&gt; Yeah,
&gt;&gt; that's pretty cool.
&gt;&gt; It was a It was a good idea. Just a
little bit ahead of its time. Materials
have gotten a lot better since then.
These actually look good and uh can live
up to the durability hype.
&gt;&gt; Yep. Well, uh, tell us about what is the
pain injection
&gt;&gt; me? Okay. So, uh, if you've ever seen
injection molding of plastics at all
when they're making like action figures
or models or whatever it may be, uh,
they you've got your base uh, plastic
pellets and then they put in a specific
number of colored pedal uh, pellets at
the same time that melt into the that
melt into the mold and they're just kind
of mixed together. Um, so that allows
you control over the degrees to which
you want something any particular color.
You add in different colored balls,
little dots to uh the other ones. This
could be using a procedure I don't know
about where they actually use a liquid,
but I don't know why they would. I
imagine that would create different
problems. But yeah, generally they just
have a hopper full of uh the plain ones
and the colored ones. And it also allows
them extremely accurate color matching.
Uh because unlike paints where there can
be little imperfections, uh these should
come out the exact right color every
time.
&gt;&gt; So So my question about that because on
the on the passes that I saw, I think
Bearded Tesla had is it was black on the
other side. So are they painting the
cyber cab and not and I don't know how
the injection molding is the color when
it's on one side only? that was
&gt;&gt; it could be that uh it could be that the
color does go all the way through and
that the other side is a different
material that is uh laminated together
in the in the pressing process. But uh
yeah, they don't they don't invite me to
those events.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, I would say I would say I would
say you can decouple the two, right? I
think the plastic and the molding is
kind of like created and then that that
piece is like another portion of like
the even the production line and kind of
separate which is I don't think it's all
like happening at like once but again
&gt;&gt; I you know fact check me don't don't
take that but no the it definitely like
the paint I mean there's a reason why it
is it's not like they just put like a
wrap on it and then put gloss on it
right is
&gt;&gt; okay
&gt;&gt; that is like the full material it's not
like um
&gt;&gt; so there's no clear coat on it it's just
it's literally literally just the color.
&gt;&gt; Uh that's what it feels like. Yeah,
that's what it feels like.
&gt;&gt; That's cool. That's really cool.
&gt;&gt; Again, that's just just uh me. All
right. You want to hit this one?
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Uh the race to 100 gawatts of
solar is happening right now. This is uh
this is an announcement between SpaceX
and Tesla and they are going for it.
Brian, you have any uh
&gt;&gt; I don't I haven't seen this uh story as
much. I don't know when this came out,
but uh rumor has it I've been uh on the
road or asleep for the last 48 hours.
&gt;&gt; He's been out.
&gt;&gt; Don't know what you're Yeah, but um All
right, Tesla loyalty. You might as well
hit this one,
&gt;&gt; Brian.
&gt;&gt; I I certainly can. So Tesla, I don't
know if you guys heard it was so
terrible they fell out of first place
for like a minute and now they're back,
baby. 69% nice uh brand loyalty. And
this is
there are people I know who uh for
whatever reason chose to not get a Tesla
after a Tesla. They bought a a Lucid, a
Rivian, whatever it may be. And you and
I have seen the same videos. They come
back uh because how hard can it be to
build a car with a user interface that
works with software that doesn't isn't
buggy and crashing all the time? uh that
uh will let you in when you try to get
in the car for crying out loud. And the
answer is it's really hard and most
companies are struggling to crack that
very basic uh level of functionality.
And you may get a car that's beautiful.
Oh, the TYON is so pretty, you guys.
It's so fast and fun, but it doesn't do
the things you need it to do. And so if
you've been if you've had the
opportunity to drive a Tesla, h there's
a very good chance that even if you
don't get one next, you're going to get
another one because nobody in the West
has caught up. It's not even close.
There was a a meme shirt I saw in
pictures at the Cyber Cab event, but
does it drive itself? I know we joke,
but that's a real question. When I
review other cars, I have to review them
as just a car. I have to forward I have
to preface the entire review with if
what you're looking for is just a car.
This one's pretty good. Uh or maybe it's
not as good, but it is just a car. Uh
yeah, so the brand loyalty surprises me
not at all. Uh if anything, it's a
little low, but I understand different
people have motivations. Being first
place, that's pretty good. I guess we'll
take it. I think I I think we well we've
talked a little bit about this uh on the
podcast, but I think it became very
clear at this event, but I think um you
know Tesla finally has I think before
like with V12, V13 on FSD, it was kind
of it was super sus. It just was not
there. There was still a lot of driving
that you had to do. But once they
unlocked V14, you really do have
pointto-point or you're handling that
0.1%
which is like literally backing into
your car maybe or backing into your your
your driveway or you don't feel
comfortable having it parked in the
garage yet, whatever it may be. But we
are truly at that point now where they
have both an amazing hardware product
and software product. And obviously
they've always been integrated, but the
product is so good now. It's so enticing
that you're seeing what is it 5.5 out of
10 cars now having this attach rate.
We'll see what the retention rate looks
like. We'll see how this percentage
increases. Um because I I do think some
of those free trials are maybe
potentially in that. But with that said,
um you know, we're we're at this
inflection point. I realize it was just
Brian's Brian's face for a second there.
Um, you know, we're at this inflection
point where Tesla is I it it's just so
much better than anything else. Um, I'm
not going to mention names, but I know
people that have gotten, you know, other
EVs, whether it's a Rivian or Lucid, um,
and they like it. It's a nice car to
drive.
It's kind of their weekend car. It's
kind of like if they want to go and do
something and maybe they're going to go
shop and they're going to take it with
them. But when they're talking and
they're going to drive 20 minutes each
way, they're not taking those cars
because they don't drive them, right?
Um, with traffic being as bad as it is,
depending on where you are, you're not
going to want to drive anything else.
So, the this loyalty, I mean, obviously
they had, you know, we had all the stuff
that happened last year. Um, but and I
can't say people have fully forgotten,
but what I will say is, you know, the
stats don't lie. Uh, the car sales
metrics don't lie. Um and the product
Tesla has made such an amazing product
that there is really um you know it's
not going to make sense to have um
another vehicle other like especially as
a daily than than a Tesla.
All right. Well, uh looks like we have
five more minutes. So we'll maybe just
end it with this one. Um EAT with
France. Um you know it looks like Elon
met uh with what is this? The prime
minister. No, this is Who is this?
&gt;&gt; Huh?
&gt;&gt; I think it was
&gt;&gt; No, France is I think it's France is
it's a different prime minister there.
But either way, looks like constructive
exchange with Elon Musk around uh
Tesla's full self-driving system. uh
they yes they met with the French
authorities and have been working
closely on technical transportation
&gt;&gt; yeah adaptations uh that will enable
France uh to support its approval which
will be decided at the European level in
the coming weeks so it's good but yeah I
mean it's it sucks because all of our
European friends are stuck in the stone
age right just because of the regulation
there and now here in Austin you know
we're literally like launching the cyber
cab so it's being done uh but you know
it's a lot of work and I think it was I
think it was like even Uton mentioned
who was on the autopilot team the amount
of documents he had to write for the
approval in the Netherlands
um and so uh the by I think it was the
RDW but yeah it's you know hopefully
they can get that see if there's
money to ride share um I don't know Joe
you want to hit this one
&gt;&gt; it's a it's a subsidy that that the
government is proposing for people who
have ride shares They they're giving you
money to buy a car if you're going to
use it for ride share. So you you get
like I think it's like 12,000 or
something off. I can't see it from my
screen. But I also wanted to tell you
that the cyber cab is in Sacramento now.
They have cyber crab cyber cabs in
Sacramento, the gold ones. And uh
driving around or on the freeway.
They're everywhere. And and also in um
not just San Francisco, but you know
what I mean? But they're they're
expanding. So, so that's that's
happening too. But yeah, this was a
subsidy program that if if you're going
to get an EV for ride share, they're
giving you like money.
All right, guys. With that said, here,
let's go to With that said, I think
couple quick things. Um
$3 million drone and light show
happening by the Northern Lights and
Drone Shows. We have Simon uh from
xllight showow.io who's helping
coordinate this all this magic.
&gt;&gt; Shout out to site view AI, all of our
attendees, sponsor speakers like Brian,
uh people like Boots on the ground like
Joe and myself. And huge shout out to
Kelvin. It was his birthday this past
week. We got to uh sing him happy
birthday on Thursday uh with the whole
group. Um but the X takeover is coming.
We are a month and five days away. Um,
we have May Musk, Nicki Minaj coming
through. I'm hoping we can announce a
couple of other people that will be
there. Um, but yeah, I mean, everybody
was talking about it. So, um, but yeah,
with that said, um, you know, make sure
you patronize, uh, both Brian and and
Joe. um you know they are um just core
to this podcast and you know um and drop
a lot of amazing content especially
Brian who who drops multiple videos a
day. I'm looking forward to seeing some
of the Nepal stuff man. But with that
said hopefully everyone has a great week
and most importantly Brian get some rest
man.
&gt;&gt; Thank you.