Channel:     jobhakdi
Title:       The SECRET RISK To SpaceX Stock And Margin
URL:         https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wKLCm8JKRlw
Published:   2026-05-22 17:30 UTC
Fetched:     2026-05-22 18:00 UTC

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Hello and welcome everyone to this
beautiful Friday and we have a
tremendously important thing coming up
today not just for Pioneer Lands but for
the entire world and for the space
industry. We have the launch attempt of
version three of Starship the all
decisive new system version three of
SpaceX. Of course, SpaceX has an IPO and
coming up and I want to go a little
deeper into the quantitative model. We
are working on just one little aspect of
this huge model that is coming very soon
to Pioneer Lands about SpaceX, the space
industry, orbital AI and everything that
is a function of that. So, what's going
on? They delayed the launch. You can
read it here. Elon himself tweeted
yesterday and reported the hydraulic pin
holding the tower arm in place did not
retract. If that can be fixed tonight,
there will be another launch attempt
tomorrow at 5:30 p.m. I think CT. And uh
that was tweeted out yesterday, of
course. Uh so today we are looking at
5:30 p.m. CT or maybe even A.M. I don't
even know. Uh that we will attempt that
launch again. And why is that so
important? Why is it so important for
the stock, the IPO of SpaceX,
potentially even for Tesla? And why do
we care so much about that? So, I want
to dive a little deeper into a first
quantitative model to explain why this
is so important. A lot of people think
and here is just a glimpse of it. A lot
of people think that we have the problem
the situation uh that everything is
about reusability. If you look at
this all decisive number here focus on
this this is a per 10 production. Just
quick summary here. This number is the
decisive number for the entire future of
space. How much does it cost to bring a
dollar to bring a kilogram of mass to
orbit into space? So you have one
kilogram a package and you want to send
it to space. How much does it cost? And
the disruptive thing here is that we see
with the system with Starship is that
this price from currently $25,000 to
$5,000 per kilogram with SpaceX Falcon
systems. the current launch system that
everyone has to use, which is SpaceX's
Falcon system, Falcon Heavy, and that is
between 2 and a half thousand and 4,000
depending how you count. And what
Starship promises is to bring that
dramatically down. Okay? And this is a
function, and that's what everyone is
assuming of the booster and the
Starship. So the cost of these plus the
actual launch costs. So when you look at
this just to explain this very very
quickly what that actually means. If you
go to these beautiful shots of this
amazing vehicle I think this is actually
the one that we are looking at right now
for today. This is the live shot not the
live but yesterday. So this thing down
here is the booster. The booster is the
system that that carries that lifts most
of the heavy load. Most of the heavy
mission load goes into the booster. The
booster's job is to carry this thing to
a critical height. I'm not a space mega
astronaut
genius, so I don't understand exactly
how high this has to carry, but the vast
uh load of the carrying goes into the
booster. So, the booster has to lift the
starship that sits on top of the booster
with the Merlin engines I think in here
uh has to lift it to a critical height,
then disconnects. This thing disconnects
and shoots the Starship to space. So
once it disconnects, Starship takes
over, uses this tiny little engines to
do the rest and go into orbit. And as
you probably know, the physics of space
launches is very simple. You have an
absolutely exponential problem. The
closer you get to the Earth's surface
because the gravity is much higher
because of this geometric formula,
right? The closer you to the mass, the
exponentially higher the gravity is. So
right on Earth, it's the highest. Then
you have to lift it up and you basically
have 90% of the job done. Not when you
are 90% to where you want to go, but 90%
is used of the energy to lift you
probably half or whatever or even less
than half of the actual distance. So
that is why this booster is so
important. It's a different system. It's
a different piece of the puzzle. And
that booster basically has to do the
heavy lifting literally. And the
starship is then what actually goes to
space to the moon wherever going from
orbit from these 120 km. Don't blame me
if I get it all wrong. I think 100
kilometers is like low earth orbit or
something and and 120 is orbit whatever
something like that. 60 miles straight
up and you are in suborbital space.
And don't nail me on these numbers, but
roughly there, right? If you're going
400 km up, you're definitely like up
there. And the critical boundary is
somewhere around 120 km I think 60 mi
straight up. That is where all the heavy
lifting has to occur and that is the job
of the booster. So these boosters are
developed you know in kind of parallel
or separately from the starship. Very
different job. The booster always stays
in the atmosphere. Very important. Just
shoots it up. Critical mass disconnects.
Shoots Starship up. Starship then takes
over with much smaller engines. Much
less fuel. So this is all fuel and
energy in the booster whereas this is
mostly cargo and a tiny little bit of
fuel. Right? So this is the genius of
this launch system that you have
basically these reusable boosters. You
have probably seen the chopstick
situation. The chopsticks catch the
boosters and the starship goes to space.
Now the cost equation is very simple. If
you build this entire system and have it
one time use only then you pay for the
entire system. If the system cost you
$120 million, for example, let's say,
you know, 80 million for the booster and
40 million for Starship. We will look at
the numbers in a second. Then you use it
once, then each flight to orbit cost you
120 million just on the materials. But
if you use it 100 times, suddenly the
costs go down from 120 million to 1.2
million. Not accounting for refurbishing
costs, but just on the simple, you know,
back of of the napkin math. So you
understand if you don't reuse the system
it cost you 120 million in materials. If
you reuse both pieces of the system 100
times instead of $120 million you only
spending $1.2 million. That is why this
is so important. And what SpaceX has not
achieved yet is the reusability of
Starship. What it has achieved is
reusability of the booster. Not reliable
reliably but they are there. They're use
the chopsticks. Chopsticks are very
important as opposed to the booster
landing on the ground because if it
lands on the chopsticks, the giant
Mechazilla tower that catches this, then
you can refurbish and get it back to
launch right away. If you land on the
ground, it's a giant operation to get
this giant skyscraperized thing actually
back to the launchpad. So catching it
directly over the launchpad with these
mechsilla arms is actually a total game
changer. And so that's why it's so
important they did that. So now we are
looking at the challenge of getting
Starship reused. Why is this so much
more difficult than the booster? Because
the booster only stays in the atmosphere
and comes down which means the booster
is undergoing much less pressure and
heat than Starship. Because if you only
go 60 mi up or something like that and
then come back down to Earth, you're not
getting very fast. Well, it's probably
the speed of sound, maybe twice the
speed of sound if you get unlucky.
Somewhere around that. It's above the
speed of sound at highest speed, but not
much above. Don't nail me on the
details. Maybe it's triple the speed of
sound. I don't think so. But it's I
think you hear the sound barrier. So, it
is definitely the speed of sound. The
speed at that it comes down the booster,
but not much more. And that means
there's no heat problem. It's just like
a plane, right? No big heat problem.
Hey, on this channel, we do something
very important. We deeply analyze,
understand, and predict capital, AGI,
and politics. Not just to beat the
markets and make a lot of money, even
though that's important, but also to
build a new society and make the future
good for all of us, the pioneers. If you
want to help me on this journey, you can
do that by doing a very simple thing.
Like and subscribe. It helps me a lot.
Thank you so much for your support. And
let's get back to the video. But if
Starship that goes actually into space
and orbit re-enters the atmosphere,
you're talking about completely
different dimensions of speed. Again, I
don't know the details. You can figure
that out with AI in a millisecond.
Important things. I think it's 27 M or
something. So, you're talking about 27
times the speed of sound, 30 times the
speed of sound because once you're up in
space, you're just getting very fast
relative to Earth without even noticing.
So, it's like that's the problem. And
that means when these things re-enter,
satellites, asteroids, anything that
went into deep space or orbit wants to
come back into the atmosphere, you're
talking about absolutely exponential
amounts of heat and pressure on this
thing. And that is why it's a very
different ballgame to make Starship
actually be reusable
because in doing so, you need to have
heat shields. You will need to have
massive physics problems solved that you
do not need to solve with a booster. The
booster needed to solve a bunch of
calibration systems and needed to land
exactly where you want to. So, it's not
trivial, but you don't have that heat
problem at this immense insane pressure
problem. I remember when I was in DC and
saw the for the first time the Apollo
capsule that came back. It's insane. You
have these ceramic heat shields of the
original Apollo capsule and you see that
they're actually molten. The ceramic
molten and then uh frozen thing. You see
how it like goes across the capsule. So
it's getting very hot if you can melt
ceramics. Okay, that is the situation.
But let's go back to the model and make
this very quick. We did a little physics
and space excursion here for beginners.
But here's the thing that people get
wrong. Let's get to the important part
which is the economics. So that is the
simple math that most people think right
you have basically here these two inputs
very important. What is the reuse or use
number? It's actually not reuse is the
use number because if you don't re use
it you have to put a one in here for one
flight. Uh it's basically let's rename
this number of flights.
Right? So uh how many flights does each
thing have? That's the big question. So
if you don't have reuse, you only fly it
up once, it's one. If you have reuse,
you know, it's the number of flights per
unit. So as you can see, if you assume
you reuse the booster 10 times, here's
the exact cost structure for production
of 10. So if you produce 10, it's a
little more expensive than if you
produce a 100 of them. They will produce
probably 100 in 2027 and 28 of these
systems. and they will produce 10 uh
this year in 2026 which is kind of a lot
when you think about but the actual cost
to go to that on a you know uh run rate
of 10 is that the starship cost you
roughly 41 million and the total booster
cost you 82 million. So you're getting
exactly to these 120 million that I
mentioned that this system costs you. If
you fly it up, you know, if you fly this
system here up and you blow it up, you
just wasted 120 million. But if you
successfully deploy your cargo, you
still, you know, was successful in
transporting the cargo. So let's for fun
just say one. Okay, let's say one. And
here's the interesting thing. Even if
you lose the booster and you lose the
Starship, but you successfully carry
your cargo to orbit because it has 150
tons tons
or no, you write it like an American
tons
tons to orbit. You already dropped the
price per kilogram to 892. That's not
market price. That's of course internal
price, right? you already achieved
something tremendous without reusability
because that system is 10 times larger
than the largest current system in terms
of the cargo it can carry and that is
what most people get wrong. The
reusability is nice and is very
important for scale but even without it
that system brings you the cost here.
Okay, that is very good news. That is
very good news for space AI for
transformation of the cost structure of
space. And now we have to consider that
the boosters already can be reused. I
think we can safely assume 10 let's say
and then you bring down the cost
dramatically. Look at this. Now you're
talking about $397
per kilogram because you use the booster
already 10 times. If you would use
Starship 10 times too, that is totally
not happening right now. But if you
would look at this, look at the absolute
transformation of the costs. Okay, that
is the good news. And in my math, I did
the math in November, very back of the
napkin math, you will have much more
accurate math. If you drop below $200
per kilogram, then 1 gawatt one gawatt
data centers in space, listen to what
I'm going to say now. 1 gawatt data
centers in space will be 60%
cheaper in total over a 10-year
operating time than on Earth. Which
means if you want to build mega centers,
mega compute centers, uh mega data
centers with GPUs and everything, you
will save 60% of your entire cost and
have no permitting problems if you use
this system at $200 per kilogram. And
here you would be already at 148. That
is mind-boggling and that's what
everyone gets wrong. That is why this is
so disruptive. That is why we have
infinite demand for this. If this holds
up and even if Starship fails for
another year to be reusable, we are
still talking about only twice as much
money. You're probably still I have to
do math on that number on $400 per
kilogram. That's pro probably already
feasible. That's right. the threshold I
think $500 per kilogram or something
market
would be already the disruption point
for AI in space. Let that sink in. We
are basically already here. Now let's go
get to today. And why what happens today
is actually much more important than
Elon wants you to believe because Elon
said, "Oh, forget about today. It's just
a little test. If it blows up, we have
10 of these things. We can do it again
and again." Well, here's the problem.
Here's the problem. I told you the good
news. Here's the bad news. We have
something called insurance. And right
now, you have to pay insurance per
flight because if it blows up, you have
to pay for the rocket and the cargo. Uh
you let's assume for a moment there's no
insurance company and it's self-insured.
SpaceX has to pay it. Forget insurance
business. Think about just
mathematically what happens if you have
10 flights and one blows up with cargo
or without cargo, right? If it blows up,
the other nine flights have to carry
that cost. Okay, so if you lose a
billion dollars or something in one
flight and each other flight succeeds,
you have to divide the billion dollars
by the 10 flights or nine flights that
are remaining. And the nine flights that
are remaining need to increase their
cost to capture to cover that lost
value. That is the insurance problem.
That is literally the insurance problem.
And that means there's a very simple
equation here. Failures.
What is the percentage of failures of
flights? Now, let me be clear. Let me be
clear. This is not about if the booster
blows up when it comes back or gets
destroyed when it lands. This is not
about if Starship, you know, gets
eviscerated when it re-enters the
atmosphere and goes up, you know, blows
up in a ball of fire. That number is not
the insurance number. That number is the
reflight number. Right? If you lose the
booster on impact when it comes down,
that's just a one, right? you you are
basically then
if you lose the booster if you can reuse
the booster let's say forever
you know or let's say you can reuse each
booster 20 times but every second time
the booster gets destroyed then you're
basically using in average each booster
10 times and you get to that number you
understand then you get to $400 per
kilogram if you can use the average
booster in average 20 times you're
getting to this number right you see how
it works. And you also see that the
number of times you reuse it is not that
important. What's important is if you
don't reuse it, it's at $892 per
kilogram. But if you reuse it 10 times,
it drops to 397. But if you reuse it 20
times, it doesn't drop much more because
you're already very cheap on the
booster. You gain it once you use re you
reuse Starship 10 times, then it you
have the second enormous drop. Okay, so
that's how it works. The difference
between reusing a booster 10 times and
reusing it 100 times is actually a
little more marginal than people think.
So important is you want to reuse this
thing at 10 to 20 times, then you're
golden. The difference is between 1 and
10, of course, because you just divide
the cost. Okay, let's get back to the
insurance problem. There's a big
problem. There's a big difference
between losing the booster at re-entry
or at reanding or you losing the booster
when it takes off. Why? If you're an
astronaut, you know why? Because if this
thing shoots you to the moon or
whatever, you are on the moon and la it
lands on earth and blows up, you say,
"Too bad. Send me another one." But if
it blows up when you are getting
transported to the moon, you're dead.
That's a very big difference. So for the
uh for the cargo, of course, it means
the following. And now listen closely.
Now I can't get to the important thing.
If there is a real failure, if this
thing blows up when it goes up,
then you actually also lose the cargo.
And that is very important because then
you have an insurance problem. In my
calculation, space AI cargo at 150 tons
if you would actually transport GPUs and
everything is roughly $900 million.
Roughly a billion dollars in cargo and
you would lose that. So if this thing
actually explodes at launch before
Starship can go to orbit before Starship
reaches orbit or if anything happens to
Starship on the way to orbit, you have a
real failure, right? So you can
basically say at 10 launches 2026 and
you have one explosion at launch, look
what happens. Your cost just went up
from $400 per kilogram to $1,000 per
kilogram because now you have 3.8 8
million for fuel and other things,
variable costs. You have booster cost of
11 million because you reuse it 10
times. You have Starship cost of 45
million. You don't reuse it. But now you
get insurance costs of $100 million per
launch.
If you blow up twice in 10, this goes up
to an unbelievable $49 million because
now you only have eight to cover for two
blown up. and your dollar per kilogram
goes to 3,000
10x roughly 9x from what it was before.
In other words, once you understand the
economics of the space situation, the
question whether these things blow up or
not, even with no cargo, because once
you put cargo on, you have to take that
into account. You have to look at the
historic risk. If it's the same version,
if it's not the same version, you can't
be sure, right? That's the problem. Then
you will realize that reusability is
only one factor. It's an important
factor, but it pales in comparison with
reliability. The reliability of the
booster specifically and of Starship in
every respect that is required to get
the cargo to orbit, not to reland
Starship, but to not fail until the
cargo is delivered. Opening the cargo
door, for example, very important.
Starship doesn't need to blow up to
fail. It just needs to fail to deliver
the cargo because what are you going to
do if it doesn't deliver? It hangs up
there, you're screwed, right? Unless you
get it safely back to Earth, but that's
nearly impossible right now. So, if you
can't open the cargo door, you're
probably not going to make it back to
Earth. So, that's what you guys have to
watch out for, and that's what I'm
watching out for when you run the actual
numbers and quantify that reusability is
fine, but reliability in the sense of
getting cargo to orbit is much more
important economically than reusability.
Okay? And these are the two key factors
to drive down cost. Number one factor of
all reliability much more important than
reusability. And once you have
reliability on control, reusability
brings it down from 400. Well, let's
say, let's do it like this. Let's get it
back. Zero employee. You got it right.
You're at $890 at $900 per kilogram
internal costs. If you create boosters,
reusable boosters 20 times, you go down
to 370. from 900, then you go from 4,000
at two failures to 900. That's the big
leap. Once you have no failures, from
$900 per kilogram, you go with 20
booster reuses, which should be very
soon to get to that number. You're
dropping it from 900 to 370. And then if
you boost the Starship reusability from
nothing to 20, you're down to $100 per
kilogram. So you can charge 200 and
still get super rich as SpaceX. And then
you open up space and everyone wins. So
I hope that was a little bit of an
insight how we have to think about these
things. We have to break it down to
numbers so we understand what are the
key drivers of economics here and it's a
very simple takeaway for everyone who's
interested in the IPO in buying the
stocks and understand the economics
here. This is rocket science. And in
rocket science, reliability, not blowing
up your rocket at launch is by far the
number one rule. And even if you make it
10 times and the 11th times you blow it
up, you still have a giant problem of
hund00 million in added insurance costs
per launch, which dwarfs all other
costs. Once you get reliable under
control, which you never have under
control, you have to make continuously
sure you are not blowing up the rocket.
Once you have that under control, it's
all about reusability. number one for
the booster because a booster is more
expensive and we got the booster that is
the news for Starship and then for
Starship itself. So all this hysteria
about we need to make Starship reusable
before anything goes here. Starship
reusability is important but it's
actually the least important of the
three things. Reliability is by far
number one. Reusability of the booster
is clearly the number two most important
and that has been already more or less
solved and then only number three is
reusability of Starship which is maybe
the most complicated thing but is also
the least important economically. I'm
not saying it's not important but in my
calculation the odds that we can unlock
space AI even without Starship
reusability are actually high. That's
why I'm very bullish strategically. But
I'm of course tensed up about the
question if this actually works and
doesn't blow up. So this is why this
launch is very important. I hope you
enjoyed that. You could also you should
go to pioneerlands.org. By the way, look
at our beautiful updated site. We This
is still prototyped, but it works pretty
well. We have the best the best the best
news flow in the world when it comes to
the Pioneer topics. Pioneer Lands Daily
is a new system we developed. It's free
by the way. If you want to click later
into analysis and research, then you
need to be a citizen. But a lot of you
are citizens of Pioneer Lands. And the
idea here is we need to seize control of
our own media. H so we actually get the
news that we deserve. So we understand
what's going on. This is not just
politics. There's a little politics in
here, but it's also about the tech
trajectory. AGI, Tesla, SpaceX, and
everything that actually matters for our
lives. So go there. Of course, go to
pioneeralpha.org too to see how we are
doing in the investments side of things.
But I hope that was interesting and see
you very soon and watch this all
decisive launch
that is coming up today. I will be
watching. Okay, see you very soon. We
have more coming up tomorrow.