Channel:     jobhakdi
Title:       Why Tesla and SpaceX Stocks ROCKET UP Today
URL:         https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8KJOjRGidlw
Published:   2026-10-02 17:34 UTC
Fetched:     2026-10-02 21:00 UTC

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

So the market is currently up what is it
1.14%. Not bad of course a nice day for
the market. But when we look at the two
two of the leading or maybe the two
leading physically AI companies Tesla
and SpaceX they are doing crazy today
with Tesla up 5.31%.
We will get into why in a second and
also look at the bigger picture here.
and SpaceX, of course, SpaceX up even
more, 6.75%.
And both are pretty much in line with
what we discussed here. So, it's a very
important lesson for us to learn. Where
have we been right? Where have we been
surprised this week? Whose fault is it
that Tesla dropped like a stone on
Monday and is now back where it belongs
or maybe even below where it belongs?
And what happened to SpaceX? And why is
the narrative that we identified here in
Pioneer Lands in Pioneer Alpha last week
with the Shia lock and the great great
flight 14 why is it all playing out
exactly as predicted
and what can we learn from that? So
let's start with Tesla. Tesla up by a
lot 5.3%.
We have to first put that into
perspective and understand uh we are
only up 1.2% 2% for the week because we
actually dropped this week like a stone.
We were at 380 roughly last week and on
Thursday last week that was I think the
24th exactly the 24th we were at 37794
then dropped on Friday and then boom we
went down like crazy when JP Morgan the
bank known for one super skill one
superpower the superpower to spread
extremely fake news and they did that
again on Monday warning that Tesla's
deliveries look bad. They come in at 30
at 460,000
under expectations, many problems. They
lowered their price target to 415 I
think from 480. And that boom dropped
the stock. It was a perfect storm of
FUD. It's like this is the end of the
world. Tesla is not delivering enough
cars. Boom, boom, boom. And was a little
bit predictable. We had smart people,
very specialized Tesla analysts.
Futurazza for example, nearly nailing
the uh earnings uh not earnings, the car
deliveries. And uh Genev also very close
to the target I think at 300 490,000
estimate. So I had a gut feeling. I'm
not a deliveries specialist. I'm not
into that stuff too much, but I had a
gut feeling. Oh, this is like looks like
fake news to me. I said yesterday I am
bullish on this. It's more likely than
not that we do exactly what we did
today. Uh but I was factoring in a tail
risk. So I wasn't like super duper
leveraged into this trade. And it was a
bad week here at Pioneer Alpha because
of that drop. So we are not back to
where we were on Friday last week. But
not bad overall. It's like it could have
been much worse. Uh, I was still
leveraged here going into Friday because
it was a little bit predictable that
this comes out better than JP Morgan
estimated. And look at the numbers.
Tesla Q3 deliveries at 486,532
estimated 463,000.
I mean, what means estimated? That is
what JP Morgan said and that was the
analyst average. Tesla Q3 other models
deliveries 7,000.
uh Tesla Q3 Model 3 Y production 457,000
um that was far below what is estimated
but that doesn't matter too much and
Tesla Q 3Q other models production
doesn't even matter so
that is kind of the situation here uh
altogether not too surprising what we
can learn from this whole exercise is
Tesla is on track it wasn't surprising
it wasn't surprising to me that they are
beating these expectations. It was very
clear we have strong tailwinds. The EV
industry is now recovering. Tesla is the
global leader in EVs is of course
recovering with that the sales. The oil
crisis with the Iran crisis is
definitely driving people towards EVs.
And the third thing is that FSD is
becoming better and better and that is a
huge driver of people wanting Teslas
specifically. And it's also a huge
margin driver. That is why I think we
will see a very good earnings call or
let's let's say a good earnings call
even though the earnings call will be
probably more about cyber cabin robo
taxi but altogether pretty bullish setup
here. The big picture for Tesla is as I
said again and again we clearly want to
close the gap to 380. that is out of the
question here very clear what's going on
before the big earnings drop where I
warn everyone I have a bad feeling and
got for the first time nearly completely
out of Tesla that was a good call I had
other problems in that crazy month with
Micron and some other things but Tesla I
made the right call went back in at 325
I'm telling you guys we are dramatically
undervalued we have d-risked even more
since then cyber cap is on track cyber
cap is now looking very good. We will
look at the tracker on Pioneer Lands in
a second what the latest is on Cyber
Caps. And in total, I think it's very
clear when when you look at the chart,
and I'm not a I'm not a a chart
astrologer, but
um what you see is we run against this
gap, very very classic, right? We
dropped from 380 down to 300. Now we are
on this trend up. We hit 380 the first
time here September 3rd and since then
we are being rejected 380. So there are
sellers at 380 for whatever reason and
that means there is resistance at 380
and we will be rejected again and again
but it's only a question of time before
we break through. I think third time is
a charm. This is the third time and I
think if we see more momentum on cyber
cap we will now break through 380. But
this don't take that at total face value
guarantee here. My confidence that we
are breaking through 380 this time is
probably 65 to 70%.
So I'm not going all in here. I remain
very cautious. A rejection is still very
possible and that means if you take any
kind of risks here, short puts, leverage
or something, be a little cautious.
Every time we run towards 380 and we are
getting very close. We might get
rejected again. Well, let's let me say I
think 70 is a little high. I would say
60 to 70%. We have a rejection potential
here from 30 to 40%. That's how I deal
with it. And if we get rejected, we fall
back to 360. I do not believe that if
you get rejected, we are going down to
290. There's absolutely no reason. you
know that I'm primarily fundamentally
oriented and fundamentally this company
looks very very good
not as good as another company that we
will talk about in a second. Now let's
take a look very quickly just to update
us.
Uh let's take a look at the cyber cap
tracker because we need to also cover
that the cybercap tracker shows us
uh on panel.org. By the way, we have a
very good new pioneer brief up. Next one
is coming on Sunday about Metam Muse.
Very big story Metamuse. You should
definitely check this out because Metam
Muse is something we have to watch
especially as SpaceX fans and Grockbot
Metamuse is absolutely crushing it as I
want everyone. Alexander Wang who leads
Meta AI
is a very smart cookie. He's the
opposite of Leon, the guy who led it
before. Meta is underrated and Meta is
strong. Meta will have a meteoric
meteoric rise or already has it to the
top of the AI agentic companies.
But just as a side note that we have to
look at this thing here, the cyber cap
tracker and what you saw is we just
deployed another I think 59 or something
two days ago or uh 36 hours ago. Uh we
are now up to 158 registered cyber caps
in Texas DMV. We have spotted 52 so far
reported on the road which means it's
probably you know 50% more or something
70 something that are actually on the
road because they're not getting spotted
too quickly
and we have to understand that number
here is pretty impressive if you compare
if you overlay these two trajectories.
Robo taxi launch in June 2025.
How many cars did we have deployed
versus Cybercap launch 2026?
We started just September 3rd. Don't
forget that September 3rd that less than
30 days ago we started this thing. We
are now at 158 registered probably over
a 100 deployed this week next week. That
means compared to the initial launch
where we had I think under 20 in month
one,
we are outperforming Tesla's old
trajectory by 500%.
Just let that sink in. And if we
continue to deploy 90 cyber caps per
week,
just 90 per week, and you sum this up,
we have roughly what? 12 weeks left. So
you're getting over a thousand cyber
caps, even over a thousand cyber caps by
December. My estimate was 10,000 by the
way. But that would just be a linear
increase. If we have any kind of
percentage increase, we get easily to
2,000. Now people might say, Joe, you
were wrong. You said 10,000. Well, first
of all, that was an estimate. And
second, the difference between 2,000 and
10,000 is a little less than some might
think
because when you look at the growth
rate, 2,000 is just 2 to 3 months before
10,000. So instead of December 10,000,
we would be February or March 10,000 at
that rate. Don't forget that. I'm not
saying this will happen, but I do think
we are now getting into a real
deployment trajectory. So it absolutely
can happen. If you don't get to 10,000
in Q1, I take an L for loser.
I made the wrong prediction. But if you
get to 10,000 in Q1, I take a W for win
because if I said 10,000 December and we
get it in March, that's still a win. I
was still practically right. So here I
announce officially if you don't get to
10,000 Q1, I take the L. But don't blame
me if you get there and I take the W. So
that's happening. And you know what that
means? At 10,000 we see a repricing on
of the stock. There is no doubt in my
mind that we go far far beyond 500
because don't forget 1 million robo
taxis 40 to 50 billion dollars in
additional earnings.
That is a lot. That is 10 times 1,000%
growth. 1,000%
earnings growth for Tesla. And getting
from 10,000 to a million is a cakewalk.
Cakewalk for Tesla. The hard part is to
get to 1,000 and to 10,000.
Let's say to 2,000. I always said 1,800
robo taxis fully deployed, fully
commercially deployed is the critical
threshold where we prove, okay, we can
really in real profits and we get it
done. So that is my perspective. So I
think we are that close potentially
potentially that close from the
repricing even though all hope is lost
right now with people they get totally
frustrated but don't forget we are
extremely close to that moment
potentially
unless Tesla disappoints us again
but when you look at the signs when you
look at cyber cap production when you
look at the scaling rate that we are
seeing here on the cyber cap tracker
when we see all these things I think now
is the time
and we are beautifully positioned here
with the stock so low that it's
absolutely ridiculous just to repeat
this uh one year ago we were at the
all-time highs at 488
Christmas not one year ago but Christmas
2025 and since then we are down
dramatically
nearly 20% 17.26% 26%
for the year down.
That is ridiculous. That is depressing
and uh I think it's unjustified.
2027 will also be the year of optimist
by the way. But before that it will be
the year of cyber cap. So don't forget
we're dealing with something that is a
coiled spring.
Talking about coil spring just very
quickly about our other favorite stock
SpaceX. Look at this thing. just while
we were talking got up another percent
158. What is going on here and why?
First of all, I checked the news today
and it's exactly as I thought. There is
no news. There's some fake news. Of
course, there's some fake news. When you
use Google Gemini or anything, they say
like, "Oh, TD Cohen said it's going to
200." No, TD Cohen initiated coverage of
the stock on September 28th and said
that today is October 2nd. This news is
old news. Has nothing to do with the
stock. It is good news, but it has
nothing to do with today's move. Number
two, Elon Overnight tweeted, "Oh, Q4
2027,
maybe I find the tweet. Q4 2027, Elon
said we will have a super satellite." Uh
Q4 2027 is super satellite ready with
Nvidia.
That is amazing. Again, fake news. I
covered that a long time ago. That was
announced. Oh, actually here August
24th. I covered this whole thing. He
said it back then. Okay, that is the
news from today. Are you kidding me? I
said pioneer brief here. Elon and Nvidia
announced that space optimized via Ruben
rack blah blah la la la la la la la la
la la la la la la la la la la la
launches in Q4 2027. Here you have me
black on white. No, white on black.
August 24th. This is old news. Elon just
today
repeated if I can find that
repeated today.
Elon
Nvidia
AI SpaceX. Let's see. He tweeted
overnight that they will have 10 to 20%
higher.
I can't find it. 10 to 20% higher
uh efficiency, but that's not why the
stock goes up.
Okay. So, why is the stock up? I tell
you exactly why. I tell you exactly why.
Last week,
we have to go to Pioneer Lens again to
explain this.
We have something called
the space tracker. And the space tracker
had now it's of course not scheduled
flight 15 but we showed flight 14 for
Monday was clear it was a very important
event. The Thursday before Friday uh
before Monday
was an event where we saw a share unlock
of actually 328 million. That was
exactly the number last week. The next
one is next week in seven days.
Okay. And you know how I'm playing this.
I told everyone I told everyone on
Thursday we will unlock 328 million
shares. And some people out there don't
understand what I'm saying. They say,
"But Joe, no one is going to sell SpaceX
shares." Okay, you can be guaranteed 10
to 20%, I say it again, I always say it.
10 to 20% of these shares will be sold
more or less immediately into the market
conditional on a bunch of things. Why is
that? Because these are mostly held by
employees.
These employees have 100% of their net
worth in SpaceX. Even if they are the
most bullish employees, they will
diversify.
So of the 320 million shares, roughly 60
million will be sold into the market.
There is just absolutely no doubt about
it. You can doubt me, but you will be
wrong and I will be right. You should
doubt me where I'm wrong. You shouldn't
doubt me when I'm right. So here I'm
guaranteed to be right. So what does it
mean? 60 million shares roughly. It
could be 40 million. It could be 70
million. That's just my huristic. 10 to
20%. Because put yourself into the shoes
of a 100% net worth SpaceX shares
employee. What do you do? You sell 10 to
20%. If you're very bullish, most of
them are bullish.
What does it all mean? It means when
these unlock unlocks happen,
right? And they happened here by the
way. September 22nd, we saw the sell off
September 23rd and then September 24th
was what was the unlock day and the sell
off started the day before because they
are actually smart people who know that
stuff. And then there is selling
pressure on the stock. Okay. And I was
super short. I was super purely net
short with short calls on SpaceX because
of it. I made 100%.
Easy peasy. And I went I got out of
these on Friday because I was very
bullish. Not extremely bullish, but very
bullish on the flight. I didn't bet on
the flight because I didn't want to take
the downside risk. If this thing blows
up, good night. So I thought there's a
80% chance this goes tremendous, but
there's like a 5% chance it blows up and
then we have a giant problem. So I'm
staying out of that. surprisingly then
went down on Monday and then it was
suppressed all the way to yesterday and
then today goes up like crazy. Why is
that? My thesis is since here I can show
you that. By the way, here is Wednesday
last week sell off into Thursday. We
were suppressed selling pressure all the
way despite a tremendous Monday test
flight. But we have the selling pressure
up. That is my theory. And the selling
pressure has now burned through. It's
that easy. And once it's burned through,
then you see the delayed the lagged the
delayed reaction to the test flight on
Monday. That's exactly what we seeing.
And now we're off to the races. Now, I
don't think it's going to go up
endlessly, but I mean, SpaceX is in a
tremendously bullish position,
but guess what happens next? Pioneer
lands
in seven days. We have that other
unlock. So, now I'm super long.
And you know, some people say I'm a day
trader. I'm definitely not a day trader.
I'm a strategic long-term investor who's
seeking alpha. With Tesla, I maintain a
core position unless something looks
extremely bad like before last earnings
on SpaceX. I'm initiating long positions
now, but not so much in shares, mostly
in options. But I'm playing these
unlocks. Why would I take why would I
take the loss if it's so obvious? So,
I'm very long and I will not be long
anymore in seven days. It's that simple.
I have no appetite for these losses. Uh,
and it's pure mechanics. You can't get
around it. And we know from last week
the selling might start even a day
before. I'm giving you the secret here.
Even though I shouldn't because more
people know that, the worse my trade.
But, you know, it's just us here. It's
fine.
So, that is how I see it. We can talk
about SpaceX endlessly. I will have more
coverage coming up over the weekend
because there is a lot to talk about
SpaceX. I also had two cool Elon replies
to my videos. He some very important
stuff that I will cover over the
weekend. He basically confirmed
didn't confirm. He said my criticism
video about the banks being completely
wrong about AI satellite costs.
uh
they were completely wrong on AI
satellite costs these analysts and then
Elon responded to me and said it will be
even cheaper than that. We can interpret
this in multiple ways and we will do
this over the weekend because that was
an important reply Romelon that uh we
should definitely digest because he gave
us some very good hints here. Oh, by the
way, it seems like Shivon and Elon broke
up. So sad.
We can talk about that if you want.
Oh, here's Europe ending.
Uh, let's see if I can find that.
Uh
here
cyber cap
we have to find the comment
SpaceX with two Teslas. No
cyber cap.
I hope I can find it.
Space compute.
No, that was not it. I can't find it
right now. So sad.
Doesn't matter.
Where was it? Was it here?
No, here it is.
That should be it.
Elon Musk. See, so I said this. I
basically said they are dummies. these
people here with 170 billion estimated
cost. Are you kid kidding me? I said
it's 68 billion and then Elon said will
be way better than that by 2028.
I don't know if Elon fully understood
what I'm saying here because he's a busy
man. Maybe he didn't watch the whole
video. So I am not sure. I would love to
know what he exactly means. Does he mean
that I am wrong on on 68 billion all in
for one gigawatt or did he confuse what
I said and thinks I'm saying the launch
costs are going to be 68 billion so I'm
not sure about that but very interesting
stuff so
because that is a very important
question I just he sometimes responds to
my things but this is a very important
response because it's a substantive
and gives us a very good insight into
what the hell is actually going on
because predicting the launch cost and
the allin 1 gawatt orbital AI costs are
absolutely crucial. So we see if this is
all crazy what's happening with SpaceX
or actually very justified because the
more we running the numbers the more I
don't see how SpaceX is not an
incredibly attractive buy. But we will
have the unlock so we have to be
cautious. Let's go to the comments. We
cover two important stocks today. A
double whmy good day for us today. If
you are long SpaceX and long Tesla, a
lot of people want to know which one is
better, but that's a long story. I think
Tesla is relatively
more attractive right now, but SpaceX is
just ooh such a good buy.
Sham Oh, that's a complicated name.
Let's go to the comments. Shamrobo
B. Wow. I've had Tesla shares for a
while. It will go up then drop as people
pump and dump over the long term. Tesla
will win. They keep pushing. That's a
good sign. And I think Sham Ram under
score BF is absolutely right.
Sometimes we have to look beyond all
this talk about stocks. You have to look
at the substance like these people are
changing the world like no one else
except for SpaceX. They are going to
absolutely flood the world with cyber
caps. We can, you know, rule and hail
these golden magical automobiles
that drive themselves like from a
magical invisible hand on a little chip.
I mean, are you kidding me? This is hot
stuff. Woodworker 8086. Absolutely
agree. At last relief from the grim
week. Yeah, it's a lot of drama. I knew
it when I had to derisk my short puts. I
was very, very heavily. I was a little
overleveraged to be totally honest.
That's why I had a bad week even after
today. Even though I recovered a ton
today, but I had a bad week because I
went a little bit too hefty on on this
whole thing. And uh I knew this is going
to happen, but if you manage risk, you
can't just know what's going to happen.
You have to say, I can't take that level
of risk. So, I had to take some chips
off the table. I was still way way above
1x leveraged.
So, still risky, but I, you know, today
I'm had a very good day because it was
kind of half obvious
that this happens.
Jeff Burger, strangely, I feel the
opium. I know it's aium day. You know,
you have to take the opium when you get
it and not think too much about it. Take
the take your pills when you get them
because many weeks we don't get them. We
are pillless. Very sad.
So this week is a hopium week pill week.
Uh Brian P I've held since 2012. There
have been too many spectacular rises and
gut-wrenching drops to account for 100%.
Tesla shareholder since 2011. You guys
are rich. That's very good. I wish I had
skipped high school in 2012 and had just
found money to put in Tesla.
That's the long learning of everyone
who's really involved in the stock
market that all that stuff about and
that's for the age of AGI. why I'm
creating Pioneer Lands and get you guys
in. It takes a long time to deprogram
us. All the stuff you learn in high
school, all the stuff you learn in
college about how the world works, what
we have to do, blah blah blah, get your
degree, blah blah blah. Then you can
take climb the next ladder and it's
like, oh, maybe this is all
Maybe I have to start a company Y
Combinator. Let maybe go to Y
Combinator. You do that. That's already
a little better. But then over time, you
understand, you know what?
working is very stupid in the first
place. Starting a startup is also kind
of stupid once you understand it. The
only thing that matters on earth really
is to be a smart investor because in the
end it always ends up there. If you're a
worker, you realize, well, I have a
boss. Oh, oops. How did this happen? If
you're a boss, you're like, I have I
have a board. If you're an entrepreneur,
it's like, well, I own the company, but
I have investors. Like, oh, yeah. Guess
what? It ends up with the money. And so
shortcutting this whole thing,
understanding we need to predict and
understand the world and deploy money,
that's the only real job in the world,
especially now,
it's actually the highest value creation
ever. But you need to use your brain a
lot and watch Pioneer Lands and become a
citizen and subscribe because big things
are happening now. By the way, we have
it all figured out now. It's beautiful.
Uh, we have Peta Vanj
Vanja.
Hello Joe. Late key. He's late, but
that's fine. Hey, I think 378 is our
final boss. Well, I'm afraid it's not
the final boss, but it's the final boss
for now and then we go to 420 or
whatever. Then there's the next boss.
Catch up says, "Hello from Belgium. JP
Morgan are often to behind of reality.
Why people listen to JP Morgan?
Hopefully when JP Morgan are wrong, we
can buy cheaper." Exactly. JP Morgan is
just whatever. Hope the sto will blitz
creek soon. Exactly. Time for some blitz
creek. It was very funny. I was on uh on
Herbert. Funniest story. I was on
Herbert and saying SpaceX is going to be
like the East India Trading Company
because it's the reinvention of
capitalism. You can send out these
ships, but this time starships. They
come back with infinity money because
they're deploying these satellites. And
the last time that happened was the
discovery of America and the discovery
of India and the East India Trading
Company and the ability to build these
ships and was beautiful my comparison.
And then some woke on X like, "Oh, you
can't say this. They were so mean to the
Indians." Like, bro,
bro, wake up. You're not in 2020
anymore. We have intelligent people
listening. We have to talk about reality
here. Of course, it was a tremendous
achievement doing these things
here. Pioneers,
you have to understand that Tesla wins
in every scenario with a merger premium
bonus. Exactly. Tesla mode is one of the
biggest in history. SpaceX Tesla
utility. Don't buy the hype. Buy low.
I couldn't agree more with Poxy.
I'm getting irritated, Poxy, with your
name. I loved Poxy Frostbite. And I know
you are hiding behind this name, but
this name is so irritating because now I
I slowly forget that you're Poxy.
So I'm I don't know what to do. Um but
yeah, don't forget that I think if these
were totally separate companies, I am
coming more and more to to the
conclusion
that SpaceX is actually the most the
more exciting company, even short term,
not super shortterm, not this year, but
starting next year, SpaceX is just in an
absolute winner position. Tesla is also
in a winner position, but Tesla has a
little bit more uphill battle than
SpaceX
in that respect. And I'm coming more and
more to this conclusion. The more I look
at everything, it's like, dude, SpaceX
is nuts what's happening.
This has enormous upside just on the
numbers.
But then Poxy is right. Don't forget
they're going to merge with extremely
high probability. And then you get a
booster for Tesla and SpaceX probably
going to take a hit. And so if you add
that on top of it, you know, Tesla is a
tremendous investment on its own. Maybe
SpaceX is more attractive at this point,
but then it's going to buy Tesla, which
makes Tesla much more attractive.
So that's how I see it see it. How high
will Tesla go this month? Well, we don't
know. We have to break through 380. 380
is the not final boss, but the
intermittent final boss.
Uh John Avery, this might just be
political. A lot of the boomerang around
the election is starting to collapse.
What do you mean the boomerang around
the collapse? And which which
boomeranging? Which there are so many
doomerings around the election. But
yeah, we have to I forgot about the
stupid election. No one is even
interested in the election, but it's
happening. Maybe the Republicans can
keep the Senate. But who knows? This
election is actually very hard to
predict. It's too many unknowns here.
Uh Trump really has to deliver a win in
Iran of some sort. peace or a win or
whatever before the election. If if this
mess continues into the election, it's
going to be an absolute bloodbath. But
you know, Trump, maybe he pulls a rabbit
out of his hat and something happens in
Iran.
Then who knows what's going to happen.
I think I will back mid 140s into next
week's unlock again. Uh interesting.
Supersonic Asian.
How do I play this? I'm super long right
now. I'm gonna get out of my longs
probably Tuesday.
Uh and then I will short this thing
again
in the sense of short calls like with a
big buffer
because I mean are you kidding me? The
higher this thing goes the stronger the
selling pressure will be. We know that
because I observed that very closely. If
you would be under 135, there wouldn't
even be selling pressure because people
are not selling under IPO. But when it's
high, they are going to slowly they're
going to instruct their wealth advisor
like sell this Sell like 10 or 20%
slowly over time, right? Over the next
couple of days.
So, let's see. We will cover this. It
depends how the stock behaves, but I
will definitely play this next week. I'm
playing it now.
Long Poxy says, "I think SpaceX is
great, but Tesla has been a better deal
since SpaceX IPO until now, even at its
low around 100. Personally, I'm one to
nine SpaceX Tesla. I'd like to be 2 to8,
but the price has to be right. Poxy is a
smart man."
Exactly. Well, I'm playing it a little
more than that, but yeah.
when employees sell, banks buy it just
after. I guess
um
whatever it's selling pressure, you
know, you have to view it like this.
There's an equilibrium in the share
price. Suddenly, you get 328 million
shares unlocked. All of them are selling
pressure or there's pure it's a 100%
selling pressure because they're not buy
they have now the shares to unlock. So,
it's a pure selling pressure event.
That's it. And the banks don't just buy
it. If they wanted to buy it, they would
buy it already. Of course, if it drops
too much, they might buy it. But,
you know, that's why I'm playing it with
short calls, out of the money calls or
at the money calls because you're right,
this does not mean there's a drop. It
just means there's a massive short-term
resistance that probably drives the
stock down 3% 2%. But there is a lot of
bullish buying pressure. So, you're
right. This is not a crazy drop. We have
seen it last week, but it's a period of
time for a week or something where the
stock will have enormous problems going
up and that's all we need to know.
Uh, okay. John Avery, but yeah, I'm a
SpaceX employee. I can get better ROI on
my stock than I can on my house. I can
keep renting in this market and make
more on my stock. That is true. John
Avery, if you're an employee, you can
tell us more. What is your strategy? I
don't know if you want to tell us
everything, but you know, you have to
think about distribution. If there are
228 million shares held by employees and
others, there will be some people who
sell because they have been in the stock
for a long time. They can still believe
in the stock, but they want to diversify
and they want to get out. Of course,
there are lots of people who don't sell.
That's why I'm saying 10 to 20% get
sold. Maybe it's just 10%, but even 10%
even 30 million additional shares sold
in the market is pretty big selling
pressure.
So, but I would love to hear from you,
John Avery.
I think my name is back. Wow, Poxy,
we got Poxy Frostbite back.
I love it, Poxy, because
I see many names, but you stuck out to
me. Poxy frostbite is so poetic. You can
like visualize it. Poxy. I don't know
exactly Poxy, but it's like it's evokes
something. So, it's very good to have
your name back.
Hi Joe, what is your favorite German
dish?
Oh, I became more health consscious, but
if I am totally honest, pork knuckle
with sauerkraut. Impossible to beat. I
mean, I don't know if Austrian counts as
Germans. This is a politically charged
question. If Austria counts as German
venitle, real ven you, I don't know if
you guys know that, but true venitle is
not pork. Not that I have anything, but
pork is something more like
simple-minded. If I eat pork, I want
pork knuckle with sauerkraut. Best
thing. But I'm a little, you know, I
have an aristocratic streak.
And the aristocratic streak prefers
Austrian cuisine. And Austrian venor
schnitle is calf. How do you say calf?
Is it calf in English? Kalp, which is
like a young cow. Sounds a little mean,
but that stuff is perfect. Very thin,
perfectly done. And the best dessert in
the freaking world. No one can make it.
Only the Austrians. Very hard to make.
Very simple ingredients, impossible to
make. A Zal Ba Nocturn.
Unbelievably, this is the most
aristocratic dish you can eat. I just
love it. Beautiful. Look it up. So, my
favorite German dishes are the two
Austrian dishes.
Vin Schnitzell, real vinnit, no
compromises, and dessert. Zber
John Avery. Yeah, I ran the numbers with
super intelligence and the cost of
launch approaches a rounding error as
Starship comes online.
Not a rounding error. It's going to be
18 billion and then falls below 10
billion soon. But it's going to be 18
billion launch costs, but that is
actually very small because it brings
the total cost very quickly below
terrestrial buildout. 35 billion for
GPUs, 18 billion for launch, no other
costs. Boom. I mean,
China shield says bratworth and schnitle
pork knuckle. Look at pork knuckle needs
to be crispy, but it's not the most
healthy thing because it has a ton of
fat because the fat makes it crispy.
You know, in China, you have like uh in
chi Thai dishes and Chinese dishes, the
pork belly,
roasted pork bellies tastes so good. And
then the Germans have this more caveman
version of it. Like the Chinese have the
more sophisticated and the ties are
super sophisticated like crispy little
pork skin or pork belly.
But the Germans have the whole knuckle
put it into the oven and then it's all
crispy. The entire fed is like this is
like the best thing you can imagine but
not the most healthy.
Anyone taking profits? Absolutely not.
Very good question China. I'm absolutely
not taking profits because
I mean I remain slightly cautious here
because of what I explained but I am
actually doubling down. I doubled down
today on Tesla
because I think we are strategically
undervalued. That was a totally fake
selloff. We should go towards 380. And I
said again and again at 370 the stock
will have a very hard time dropping.
That why I that's why I got a little bit
slaughtered this week because I'm
actually following up. I'm doing as I
say. So I was a little overexposed
because I believe this has a hard time
dropping. But I stick to that thesis. It
has a hard time dropping.
I wasn't sure down there. So I had to
take some chips off the table, but now
I'm like back in. I'm saying like, okay,
drop it again if you want.
Uh, no. I'm absolutely not taking
profits here on SpaceX. I'm super long
right now. I will get out next week. I
don't like the selling pressure. There
might come a point in time. No, I don't
even think so. There might come a point
in time where these unlocks don't lead
to a 3% decline or 5% decline. Maybe
they just lead to one or two% decline,
but they will create a ceiling because
you have that selling ceiling.
Tesla's future is all about cyber cap.
Absolutely.
Elon is going to take care of Tesla
employees. That means a fair premium.
Yeah, but what does it mean? 30%.
You just need a small gift of 1 million
from your parents.
True, that would be nice.
But China, don't make it sound so
desperate for all the other people.
If you're in a northern European country
or in the United States, you can get
your hands on some money. Everyone can
get their hands on some money. I'm not
saying a million, but even if you get
10, 20, 30,000, that's a very good
starting point. Imagine you're listening
to Joe, you're doing these things,
you're investing in SpaceX and Tesla
with 20, 30,000 bucks as a young person.
Hello. You're going to make you're
doubling this very quickly. So, and then
you double it again. And then you're
then you're getting to a place where you
can make enough money to from your
money. They just have to get into the
mindset.
People forgot how fast Tesla can go up.
You need to be in the stock before it
blows up. Efficient efficiency. Your
name is the program. You're totally
right. Wall Street needs a high growth,
high revenue, high margin, high profit
product from Tesla. Hopefully that will
be CyberCap. Absolutely. Cybercap is the
product. I know that. But it needs to
become real.
I sold some Tesla so I hope the stock
rockets now. Exactly. China shield.
That's how you trick the stock. You just
sell a little bit so it rockets and then
you make a lot of money. You can try to
trick it.
Can someone summarize why SpaceX went up
and what can we expect? Yes, I just did
that. I think SpaceX went up because the
selling pressure from last week from the
share unlock is over and this is just a
delayed reaction to that flight 14 which
is absolutely mind-bogglingly bullish.
So I think it was just delayed because
we had the selling pressure of the
unlocked chairs
survival farms. Joe, don't you think the
midterm election uncertainty and the
largest to date SpaceX unlock coming up
would send it back to or below 135?
Honestly, we know you I think everyone
is too emotional about politics. I know
everyone has their thoughts about
democratic socialists of America,
Mandami and all our friends. And the
reality is look, they're all completely
corrupted. They're all jokes. Look at
AOC. You don't think every single lobby
has her totally under control. These
people talk a lot. also M dami they are
going to do nothing they are absolutely
under control these people they're all
under control so the big downside of
America that is a completely corrupted
political system has an upside for
investors because who is corrupting the
politicians
all of them with maybe two exceptions in
all of Congress who is buying all the
politicians the rich people
do the rich people have money What do
the rich people want? The stock market
needs to go up. That's why there's no
real risk in America.
It's a little depressing too because it
also means there cannot be real change.
But don't be a scared of the Democrats.
The Democrats are going to do nothing.
They're going to win this. They're going
to do nothing. And Trump has also be so
compromised at this point that the
Democrats don't see him as a problem
anymore. I tell you, they're all friends
now.
So don't overestimate like and then you
you see that every time like if there is
a deadlock you know lame duck congress
blah blah blah that's good for the stock
market look it up every time this thing
comes to a grinding halt the stock
market goes up even more
so I wouldn't be concerned about that
survival farms now that doesn't mean we
can't see a crash but it's not going to
be about politics
and this has nothing to do with assess
assassinations and political violence
which might happen which is very sad and
bad. This is more shocking
but I think we have other types of
risks. The market is just a little
jittery
from time to time. We will see an AI
bubble talk bubbling up in a few months
again because people are stupid and then
we are going to have another drama. We
will have this every six months from now
forever. They will always think it's a
bubble and then they drop the market a
little bit. But uh it's fine.
Uh I told you the misery is almost over
with Tesla. We don't know. The misery is
never over but we will see some big wins
at some point. Will there be a separate
revenue stream for the data transfer for
those uh who put satellites into space
data centers or just rounding air? will
be the separate revenue stream for the
data transfer for those who put all
rounding errors. Forget it.
Yeah, maybe. But these are all rounding
errors. The big fat meaty thing is
having these data centers just leasing
them out for 10 billion every time.
Uh yes, exactly right about EIC only.
It's pure profit with literally no
downside to anyone. Exactly.
Uh, have you seen the video by Maxomics
on SpaceX? He pretty much said the same
thing about the East India Trading
Company. Really? Alex Alexander Lamb.
Who's Maxomics? He said the same thing.
East India Trading Company. Well, it's
not that genius, so I didn't think I'm
the only one. But interesting. I don't
know. Maxomics. Maybe it's a smart
channel.
I see a $500 all-time high merger
equivalent absolute minimum to push it
through. I also think so, dude.
Autonomy, I think that's a interesting
number right now. Right now, I think you
need a 30% premium. I think right now
$500 merger would work.
But if Cyber Cap scales, we're going to
500. We need to see 650.
How about go all in on Tesla leaps then
on merger news cash out and buy it in
the space X dilution.
Um
yeah,
not a dumb strategy.
Worth a try.
Buy the leaps, get out. When the merger
is announced, Tesla goes to that thing.
Uh SpaceX drops a little bit. you sell
them and buy SpaceX.
I mean you have to be always cautious to
be too dess with the stock market trick
trickery but generally I like your
thinking. I think you are right about
this.
China shell says election doesn't
matter. That is true. Are you talking
about China or what do you say? Uh 10k
Q1 I'm betting on Joe.
10k Q1 I'm betting on Joe. Oh, Poxy
Frostbite is talking about cyber caps
10k.
I think if we get this here to let's say
multiple thousands, it's an absolutely
done deal. If we stay below a thousand
cyber caps by December,
I might lose this bet. But if we go to
2,000, I will definitely win that bet.
Uber stock is finally falling after they
announced they want to buy for the This
is also an interesting
lesson. Uber I was always saying Uber is
dead, but I'm thinking very far ahead.
And tactical institutions don't think
that far ahead. And that doesn't mean
they're stupid because you could have
made money with Uber all the way and now
sell it, right? you you know you don't
need to be early necessarily, but it's
important to understand these things at
least. Do you think Tesla could have
delivered over 500,000 cars in Q3 if
they had more inventory on hand?
Speculative Michael Stevens. Um, sure,
but it's also not that important to
them. They probably had other
priorities. They have semi. The semi
sucks up a bunch of batteries. They have
cyber cap. Sucks up a bunch of batteries
and attention and manufacturing
capacity. So,
John Avery says, "I mean, I'm not an
employee, but I'm just saying that with
interest rates, I can't imagine that
better new investment that I could make,
but you have to think about like,
okay, guys, when it comes to SpaceX and
my thesis that they will auto sell this
stuff,
I heard all kinds of things that are
actually not that smart. Not from you,
John Avery, but from other people. They
said like, "Oh, no one's going to sell
them. They're going to play options,
blah blah." Dudes, if you are a engineer
or any normal person who's not like us,
not like a finance person, not a trader,
not an investor, but you have a job, you
do stuff with your hands or your brain
that is not capital related. How does it
work? How do you think this works? These
people sit there, they go to work. Some
of them are like whatever. They're like
cleaning women. Others are like
engineers, but they're all not capital
investors. And they just accumulate
their RSUs, their restricted stock
units, and then they go public and
suddenly they look at their accounts
like you have $5 million in SpaceX
stock, but you can't sell them. They're
locked.
What do you do? I tell you another thing
in these companies, they have wealth
advisors. Not SpaceX wealth advisors,
but they connect people. They are wealth
advisers coming into that. They're also
advertising it. They're like really
little sharks that descend into the
SpaceX employee crowd. I've seen this
stuff firsthand. That's how it works.
You know what do wealth advisers do?
They think, "Oh, who's going public? Who
has all the millionaires? SpaceX." They
all descend on SpaceX and Elsie Gundo or
wherever they are in Torrance and
wherever else they are. And then they
get all called and then each of these
little employees get captured by a
wealth adviser and they say blah blah
blah blah blah. and they're going to
tell them basic stuff. They like, "Look,
all your net worth is now in SpaceX. You
need to take some things off the table."
And then the employee says, "But I'm so
bullish." And then says, "Yeah, you can
be bullish. We can leave 80%, 50% in
SpaceX. It's just complete madness. You
need to diversify, buy bonds, buy this,
buy that." They're not sitting like you
crazy guys and me crazy. Joe here is
like, "Whoa, we are going all in
SpaceX." No wealth advisor ever said
that. And the employees don't have that
level of conviction for them. It's like
new. It's like the whole capital thing.
Okay, that is why there's an automated
selling. It has nothing to do. It's not
that they're sitting there all day and
make some investment strategy. They're
trusting their wealth advisor and 100
out of 100 wealth advisers are going to
tell them, you need to take something
off the table here.
Believe me, that's how it works.
Do you front the sale off by two to
three sessions before unlock or day
before for SpaceX? Well, very good
question. Uh probably I would take two
days buffer now because we saw last week
they already started selling off in the
middle of the previous session because
people are not that dumb. So now it
might shift a little earlier.
Baby cow. Exactly. That's ve
cal cf. Oh v. It's called v.
V.
Calf. Calf. calf is the baby cow and ve
is the baby cow
after something bad happened to it.
Austrians were Germans in the glory days
of Germany. Well, Austrians, yeah, they
were part of the
Holy Roman Empire. They were the
Habsburgs.
Kalpnitzell, there you have it. Joy of
summer fruit. Kalpnitzell is the real
Vener Schnitell.
C said like calf
without heart h
calf
brats grilled and soaked in beer butter
onions with sauerkraut and a fresh hard
roll. Mike Spence yeah fresh hard roll
very important otherwise not German.
Well, Nunburgger Nureburg,
that's a difficult German word. Nunber
sausages, mini sausages. They're very
good. Cypress Hill. Hello from Germany.
Cyp Cypress Hill knows everything about
German food. Fat is good. Well, it's a
lot of fat if you eat a pork knuckle.
Um, what do you think about longevity
and AI impact on lifespan? Also, you
think Elon will get into it with one of
his companies? No, I don't think Elon
will get into that. There are enough
comp there are enough people on it. Um,
what's his name? Peter Dandis knows Elon
well. He's totally into that stuff. Uh,
I was, you know, I know about that
stuff. They have Fountain Health, by the
way. They invested in Fountain Health
and he operates this. This is a
preventative care company. They have
very good stuff, but very expensive. Uh,
I mean it's hard to tell. This is a
non-trivial problem. Eternal life sounds
easier than it is, I tell you guys. But
we will see major major major
breakthroughs. Also, if I ever have too
much money and time, I know how to do
it.
And I won't keep this as secret as my AI
things because AI this is just very bad
and stuff. I'm not going to talk about
it. But the live extension
you can do very cool things I think now
like very cool things.
Uh Marsha Tim Simon hello from Boston.
Thank you so much for your hard work.
Well, thank you so much for tuning in.
It's a pleasure to have you guys. No
profits holding six years. I know I know
Tesla, but just just give it a little
bit more time. There's probably one more
rejection here. Oh, I can see it.
Max, SpaceX, Tesla, Micro Strategy, my
pension portfolio otherwise mainly on
Tesla. Nice
mix. When you think we hit 100 on the
Cyber Cap tracker,
I think we should hit it extremely soon.
Cybercap tracker.
I think we have to hit it very, very,
very soon. I don't know why this is so
slow. The cyber cap tracker so annoying.
I mean, this is going up super fast.
Cyber cap 52.
Here you see the statistics.
You see it all.
Here is, by the way, a very cool thing.
I didn't even show this.
In order to get a 1,000 cyber caps, we
need 26.1%
weekly growth rate and 174%
doubles every 21 days. So, that's what
we need here. You can basically put in
your target number for if I put in my
magic number 1,800, we would need 32%
weekly growth rate. It's pretty high.
Then you can see exactly here what needs
to happen. Isn't that cool? This is all
on Pioneer Lands. You need to go to
Pineland. That's where it all is. Can
type in your target number and then it
counts it. I didn't even show you guys
this before. And the current path
lands at 586. This is also very cool.
You can see at the current pace, where
do we land? We land at 586.
I mean, this doesn't count.
You can say if it continues at the last
7-day growth rate, we end up at 586.
If we measure over 14 days, it's very
slow. It's not enough.
This is not that useful right now. We
need to wait a little more
over 30 days. Weekly rate is very high
because that's like fake news.
Um,
patience attracts money. Exactly.
If you were to restart with 20,000
invested at 23 years old, what would you
do?
I would do exactly what I do now. Uh, I
would learn how to use options. I would
focus on the highest growth
AI stocks which is SpaceX, Tesla and
then have your pick micro strategy a
little bit. I would do exactly what I do
right now. I would focus on the Max 7
and tactically invest in them. I'm a
little bit into Micron also with short
puts Nvidia like play the AI game.
You can try to be smart with Nebias and
smaller stocks, but if you stick to the
big ones, the Max 7 plus SpaceX plus
Micron, I mean, not much is going to go
wrong. That's for sure.
So, and then I would rather learn to
play around leverage cautiously
and options. Options are just the magic
if you're young.
How soon will SpaceX 10x? I can't tell
you this yet. Jen Fogerty. I need to do
a little bit more thinking on that, but
uh sooner than people might think. Time
is the most important in stocks, but you
need to take it seriously. $10 a month
is not going to cut it. Yeah, Frosty
Post by Frosty Fox bite. Proxy
frostbite. Uh you're totally right.
That's what people have to learn. This
is not just a joke. It's not just a
little hobby that you do. Like if you
want to make all this money and you make
more money than working, you should also
put some work into it.
Is there some beef between Austrians and
Germans? As much as I have observed as a
foreign in Vienna, there seems to be
some sort of disgust towards Germans.
Very interesting question. Uh the
interesting thing is
and that's not just true for Austrians.
The interesting thing is that Germans
Germans don't have a much Germans don't
have many grudges. Maybe everyone has a
grudge with the French. That's an
exception. But Germans don't have many
grudges. They like the Swiss. They like
to go there. They're like the they're
like uh they're like the Austrians.
They're like Poland. They're like the
Netherlands. They're like Denmark.
But
all these countries have a problem with
the Germans. The Austrians think the
Germans are just
simp simple-minded brutes, which is a
little true if you're if you're from
Vienna. So they they are they are they
they seem they they think the Germans
have like no style and they can't like
deal with them. The Swiss completely
hate the Germans. They're like cheap
labor from the north because the Swiss
are all millionaires and they don't like
anyone. And the Swiss say these cheap
laborers, these are like they're coming
to us are willing to work for 300,000,
you know, Franks a year. What the hell
is that? Like wage dumping Germans. So
the Swiss don't like them. The Dut the
Danes have a lot of skepticism. I mean
they are nice Dan, but the Dan generally
also have a big skepticism. The Poles
have skepticism. Only the Swedes. The
Swedes like the Germans. But the Germans
like everyone except themselves.
That's how it is.
Tesla SpaceX pair is now locked into
what banks think. Retail sold. So if you
are still buying, you can expect what
the stock will mostly do. Banks want
proof.
Exactly. Just realized that not having
$300 a month to use an AI tokens is the
new underclass.
Uh, true.
I mean, this is just amaz I I have no
idea about the current statistics. I
just read 98% of all Americans do not
spend anything on AI.
98%.
It still means 2% do and it's probably
going to be 4% next year, but it's crazy
when you think about that. that this is
like the time guys to go on Pioneer
Lands and next week when we have it a
little better, go and build because you
will get the most powerful AI system
ever and it actually connects to
Grockbot and to Claude Cowork and to
Codeex. We make something very smart
happen. But other than that, yeah,
Grockbot is a total game changer. I
think you're right. It's the new
underclass.
It's a huge underclass.
Did you notice that the young lady
hosting the Crude 13 broadcast looked a
touch more wealthy?
She looked kind of hot if I remember
this right. I have to look at her again.
She looked like very civilized. Yeah, I
like it.
She's definitely a bit more wealthy.
They're all a bit more It's like the
Nvidia employees. Ridiculous. My
intuition is that SpaceX will perform
better than Tesla purely because that's
where Elon's focus is 100%. Elon never
responds to my Tesla videos. He only
responds to my SpaceX stuff. And I
understand why because it's just a very
big deal when you think about it. That's
where the future is. That's where the
true leverage is. Of course, Optimus is
cool. Of course, Cyber Cap is cool, but
it's a done deal. Whereas this whole
SpaceX thing, that's it's completely
nuts.
So you're absolutely right. MSK MKS not
msk MKSK 84 is 100% right. Very good
observation. We have very smart viewers.
Joe I'm long Tesla not SpaceX for the
upcoming murder. What do you think is
the ratio of SpaceX to Tesla? Many are
saying dilution.
Um
I think SpaceX is going to buy Tesla.
It's not a merger. they're going to buy
it and they have to pay 30% plus
premium. That's it. It doesn't even
matter where Tesla is. They have to pay
this and they can.
So that's going to happen.
I think we're all fine with 30%. If if
Tesla goes to 500, they buy it for 650.
If Tesla stays here, they buy it for
500. We will be happy anyway. And I'm
getting more and more happy with this
whole situation because I'm getting
insanely bullish on SpaceX. So I'm fine.
Buy Tesla and I continue with SpaceX. No
problem.
Elon should buy them out and rename them
Uber because they are Uber.
They're over.
The clearest sign that Cyber Cap is
really scaling will be ads on X. Maybe.
Maybe. Abigail Steelely gymnastic. I'm
Ken from Liverour, CA. I'm new to
Pioneerlands. thinking of upgrading so I
can learn your options courses. I have
SpaceX call January 120.
SpaceX call. Oh, January 120 up 93%.
Keep or sell on Tuesday.
Uh it depends a little bit on your
uh when did you buy it? But I would,
you know, I think uh generally I'm
getting very bullish on SpaceX, but it's
clear that these unlocks still work. It
depends how you want to how active you
want to be, right, in this whole thing.
But 93% time to take some gains, I
guess. And you can The question for you
is just do you want to get back in a
week after?
And you you then you have to really
watch our tracker here because this is
actually very helpful for me too. It
just tells you exactly what's happening
next. So here we see in seven days and
then you see where the next one is. I
think you can also click here and see
all the upcoming October 24th late
October. But then comes the big one.
The big one is
Q3 earnings 2 days later.
That's a big deal. So here you have a
little bit of a problem. So if you want
to play this, you can sell it next week
and think about getting in, but then you
should get out again. That's what I'm
doing. And here you have to watch out.
This is going to be a little tough. And
that's also going to be an overhang
because people are not stupid. They know
this is coming. And uh below 135, it was
all not a problem. The higher the stock
is, the more the selling pressure.
That's what it is.
and welcome to Pioneer Lands, Abigail.
You def definitely should upgrade
because you should definitely be a
citizen because we have a lot of things
happening for the citizens. It's just
nine bucks a month and it's more that
I'm not trying to, you know, I'm not
getting getting rich on that, but for me
it's a validation point. We want people
who are serious about Pioneer Lands and
the citizen counter will also give you
little level points. Now, the longer
you're a citizen, the more level points
you get. And that is for us more like a
counter like who are the people who are
longest with Pioneer Lands because it
will be very important. This is not just
about money. It will be very important.
I want to be a SpaceX cleaning man.
Supersonic Asian. Well, now it's too
late probably. Imagine you would have
been a cleaning man
four years ago or something. Four years
of cleaning, you're a millionaire.
Are you doing another 2029 2030
projections video soon for Tesla owner?
Yes, we just have so much going on, but
yes, they are definitely planned.
The Democrats will never forgive Elon.
They will try to destroy him. I doubt
it.
They are talking a good game, but in the
end, they're just little corrupted
people. Elon can just buy them. Don't
underestimate how
how they are.
They have no beliefs. Do you understand?
They have no beliefs. They have no They
have nothing,
you know. They just want to make it
another day and get some votes and
money. That's all they want. That's it.
Um, they're not going to forgive.
I doubt it, guys. This is much less
ideological than you think.
I don't I doubt it.
V is baby cow meat. That sounds so
horrible, but I like it. It tastes very
good. Never pay dollar amum. The
research is free
and you can do it yourself. Well, epoxy
frostbite. That's not true. You can do
it yourself if you can do it yourself,
but some people can't do it themselves.
Schwab charges 6% if you auto reinvest.
What?
That's insane. What? What? I can't.
Um, Trump swindled his supporters with
his overhyped crypto coins. Yeah, of
course. I mean, Trump does all these
things. Uh, maybe if you don't watch
Joe, you won't be able to figure it out
and just pay the six, but 6% proxy. Are
you kidding me?
My god,
that's that's horrible. 6%. Joe dog.
People don't realize that Tesla numbers
are actually better than they seem. They
are not selling the S or X. Not
everyone's looking at those will settle
for a three or Y. Also, the comparison
to last quarter is when the credit was
expiring. Exactly. Last year's I mean
uh hi everyone late to the party. Peps
Pep Peps
Peps.
Uh what is the Meridian announcement
that moved Tesla? It's not No, I just
explained it. Tesla moved because of
deliveries beat JP Morgan fake news
20,000 better than JP Morgan said why
the stock dropped which is why the stock
dropped on Monday now we completely not
it's 30,000 better or 26,000
and the Meridian announcement. What is a
Meridian announcement? You mean just the
fact that there's a Meridian project?
No, that doesn't matter. Doesn't matter.
It's just a little strategy for the
military. This is delayed reaction to
flight 14 in conjunction with a share
unlock that put selling pressure and a
ceiling on SpaceX. So SpaceX couldn't
rally after the flight. There was too
much selling pressure. That selling
pressure is now burnt out and through.
Now we are going up. That is my best
explanation for this.
Can you do a video explaining detail how
options work? Well, first said you need
to go to pioneerelance.org and become a
citizen for $9 a month. And citizens get
free access to the Pioneer Academy. And
the Pioneer Academy has this has
actually options courses that we will
actually beef up a little bit more. Look
here. Pioneer Academy. Can I click on
this?
Here you go to options tradings down
here. Stock options trading. There you
have it. And we will have three more
coming
hopefully next week. Oh, I'm so busy.
So, this is all there. You get like this
is very important. Options trade sizing.
Uh, bro, Elon, more women problems. I
don't know what.
Well, they shouldn't complain. They get
millions of dollars. They have four cute
little mini Elons now.
But I have no idea. Like, if you if if I
was a woman, well, I don't know. I'm not
a woman. I don't know what they think.
But uh
Elon broke up with Shivon. They have
four kids together and she was the good
one. I don't know what Elon is doing.
And she was so she was heartbroken. Of
course, normally I'm not interested in
this kind of crap. But if it's Elon and
she won, she seems very nice. She's not
like this horrible other one. Oh my god.
Ashley Mclair. Es Ashley. Something like
that. Um
horrible. Horrible.
Uh, where is this? How do I get there?
How do I get Oh, here.
Shivon Zillies. Do you want drama, guys?
It's so girly. Shivon sillies. It's hard
to go from in love to get.
See, I was never in the heart into the
heartbreak, but when it comes to Elon, I
enjoy it, too. It's hard to go from in
love to let go in a week with no
warning.
But that's just how it is sometimes. She
if you watch, I'm not mocking you. I
like you. I think you're the best Elon
woman. And his original one, she was
pretty nice. I don't know. He Yeah. But
um
is that real?
Why? I I don't even understand how this
works. But they they have this little
Imagine your boyfriend, your girl, your
boyfriend says, "Love you, too. I didn't
realize that this she this she dinner
included significant other." Oh, I would
have invited you. Oh, that means so much
to me. What's your date idea? My date
ideas. I bring my date to the she
dinner. What about that?
Uh anyway, so I'm hurting but care
deeply about Elon and will always be
cheering for his happiness. Godspeed
Elon. The world is lucky to have you.
She's so nice even though he just broke
up with her. I wonder why he unfollowed
her. It's no longer following Shivand.
Here's the drama.
He unfollowed. Does Elon follow me?
That's more important. That way,
Elon Mus is no longer following Shi.
Shiwan's still followed by Rimma Marati,
Kypathy, Kimble Mas, Turkey Beaver.
Who's who the hell is Turkey Beaver? Dr.
Fifi, I have no idea who this is.
Maybe some speculations because he
didn't change artificial intelligence to
super intelligence, which is very
offensive.
Oh my god. So there you have it. This is
our little uh
here. Amuri, are you French? Amuri,
I agree. Regret that I never visited
Germany when I was living in Italy. No,
you're probably American, huh? Amuri, no
French would ever say Amurapi.
Uh, yeah, you should have visited
German. Germany is actually very
magical. I'm like a big Germany fan,
even though the Germans can be extremely
annoying. I mean, there's some very
amazing Germans, but the politics is
horrible and a bunch of things are
horrible. But I think Germany is
actually the most interesting country in
Europe when you think about it. You go
to all these old things and the castles
and Charlemagne and all. Everyone was
there. Everyone had their headquarters
there and you see all these ancient
things. It's kind of cool. Not ancient
and not like Rome, but the more
interesting ancient, the medieval stuff
that all came from Germany. Everything.
Think about it. Anglo-Saxons and Franks,
France and England. What do you think
this all means? These are all Germanic
little tribes. The Franks went to France
and conquered it. The Anglers and the
Saxons went to Great Britain and took
it. And then the Vikings, but the
Vikings are also Germans kind of. So,
it's actually very interesting how this
all panned out.
And you see this the origins in Germany.
Germany is nice. Visited Munich. mass
good
where you think will be Tesla by end of
I think my gut feeling is of course I
don't know it depends on cyber cap
scaling I think uh Tesla is going to
all-time highs this year
Germans dig big holes on our Danish
beaches on the west coast Joe can you
elaborate on that
what is Danish beaches do you mean in
Denmark
or on west coast what is Danish
Are you do you are you talking about
California or about the west coast of
Denmark?
They always like to dig big holes. I
don't actually know why.
Uh 2% it takes 3% to overthrow a
country.
That also means something incredible
like FSD is going to be explosive for
that stock. Yes.
Uh
it means 25x to 50x FSD growth in the US
and that's just one country. There's a
whole world that will have FSD.
Absolutely. And FSD is underrated. It's
going to be the ultimate sales driver.
All Tesla holders are future SpaceX
solar. So we all win 100%. China.
When people realize owning a car is
foolish when cyber cap is the cost
effective mode of transport that
collective realization will wake the
masses. But before we sell a lot of
bottle wise
here, Masha Simman from Boston, I'm a
simple pirate. Can I learn options?
Seems complicated. You should also join
the Pioneer Academy. You have to join
Pioneer Lands. $9 a month. It's worth it
because you join the most important land
of all. The only land more important
than America is Pioneer Lands,
which is also in America, by the way.
Also in Europe. It's all over the place.
So, we have these options courses.
Catch up in Belgium. We like German
tourists because they are spent more
than the Dutch. Everyone spends more
than Dutch. And after all, Germans speak
less loudly than the Russians. You're
welcome in Belgium. That's good to know
that the Belgiums are the Germans
friends.
Big Rotty says, "Great Jojo. Thank you."
Well, thank you guys. Not kidding about
the 6% at Schwab. When I first got my
account, I read all the fine print. That
stuck perverted. This should be illegal.
6%. Are you kidding me? What the hell is
going on? October 24th is a Saturday.
Unlock is October 26. November 9th is
the one after. Really? October 24th. Is
there a mistake? Are you saying there's
a mistake?
Thanks for the debugging. If it's true,
let's see.
The next share unlock is October 9th.
It says October 24th.
So, you're saying it's a Saturday,
but why does it say 24th?
I should
figure that out.
Um, hello from Florida Space Coast.
Showing up a bit late. I will go back
and redo the rest when you're done.
Thanks, Tit Titan IV pad rat. Thank you
for keeping us informed and your awesome
insight. Thank you so much for watching,
Matt.
Heightman. SpaceX went up so much today
because they proved high launch cadence
is already possible. They launched three
missions inside of 13 hours. Maybe.
Thanks for clarification, says Peps. And
the first Peps Peps pronunciation was
right. It's a nickname for Joseph. Peps.
Okay. Peps. We call Joseph Pepe in a
Austria. And Peps is a nickname for
Pepe.
Joseph Pepe Peps. Okay, I got it.
She won. You mean she won?
All successful or revenue producing
missions yesterday? Maybe. Maybe. But I
think more the flight 14 lagged. Wow.
Words to live by. I don't know how they
think.
You know, one of my favorite movies is
What Women Want. Mel Gibson from the 90s
or early 2000s. This is like the best
movie. Mel Gibson, what women want. New
York ad agency. You have to watch this.
He has like he's like this. He's like a
macho dude. Advertising executive. You
probably saw the movie. It's an amazing
movie. I would like that. I want to
understand what women think. That would
be so interesting. That's the movie
they showed. They can throw another
rocket up there every few hours
continuously. I have to look into that.
Matt Hiteman, maybe that's it. But I
think it's
maybe AOC is next. I mean, look at EOC
completely compromised. Best date SpaceX
launch or Tesla's shareholder meeting.
Uh
here
Blebury says, "Read my ex comment on
that post. It's funny." Okay, I will I
will look it up.
Um,
hey Joe.
Oops. What is this?
What was that?
Hey Joe, just say a big thank you for
the content that you provide.
question. What are your thoughts on the
earnings call? Would we expect to drop
like the previous one? And Slavov,
uh, well, thank you for the kind words.
I don't think so at all. No, I don't
think so at all. I definitely don't
think this is going to happen again. I'm
going to hold through that, but with not
many much leverage. I'm always not
playing. I might be playing it. We have
to see when we get closer, right? I'm
not try to make too long out
predictions. So we have to see the week
before but I for now I would say
definitely not.
November
why is this thing there?
November 5th is the next large boost to
SpaceX stock. October unlocks will also
cause price rise due to index being for
forced to buy.
Yes. Maybe November 5th is earnings.
Yes. So SpaceX earnings coming up and
they're going to smash it. But it's a
lot of that is priced in. But I agree. I
mean they have tremendous power right
now. How do you think the semicon
industry will develop this month given
earnings from ASML and TSMC? Assuming
I'm currently overvalued. I don't think
so at all. Look at Micron. Micron should
be its own video.
Um Micron is crazy and Elon just I I
have to do a video on that. how Elon
responded, not responded, what Elon
tweeted about
the memory strategy for AI6 or something
and Optimus, they cut the memory in half
because Elon is concerned about supply
chains long term. That is incredibly
bullish for Micron. Micron m remains
totally undervalued in my opinion. We
have to be cautious. It is cyclical.
Everyone knows that. But when you
actually add together the numbers, it
makes no sense what's happening there.
just absolutely killed earnings like
crazy. And more importantly, the main
concern is cyclicality. And they have
now 36% of their entire revenue all
through 2030. They have 36% of revenue
through 2030 already secured in
long-term contracts. That's nuts. So
Micron is a buy in my opinion.
Um
here Matt Heightman says I feel I spent
you sincerely apolog
Titan rockets several years ago. SpaceX
yesterday launched three rockets and
returned for on the ground at four
different pads on two different coasts.
Really? I totally missed that.
How do I sign up for your land, Kathleen
Quick? Well, you go to Pioneerlands
here. You go to pioneerlands.org
and there's the land of the free, the
home of the brave, the home of the
pioneers.
Welcome, Kathleen.
Jay Eber says, "In the Netherlands, we
think Germans are great, too. They love
our country and we love their euros."
I love the Netherlands. I have some
relatives in Amsterdam.
Uh the Netherlands are great and the
Dutch are great.
Yeah, the Dutch are definitely great.
Um I think the Dutch don't hate the
Germans too much. I think the Dutch are
actually kind of okay with the Germans.
The Austrians definitely look down on
the Germans a little bit and they're
kind of right about it. The Swiss
definitely hate them, but the Swiss hate
everyone. And
the Danes are very they are like
friendly on the surface to the Germans,
but deep inside they know don't trust
the Germans. So the Danes have issues,
but they tend to be very friendly people
and I love the Danes. I lived in Denmark
a very long time ago.
Please explain a merger happens. We get
a premium plus approximately 3 to one.
uh just trying to understand how much it
could be. Bottom line is they buy Tesla
and they have to buy it at a premium.
They're going to say we buy Tesla now we
pay in SpaceX shares and we pay you 30%
more than Tesla is worth right now and
the mergers in three months or
something. That's how it works.
ASI shall be called super duper
intelligence. That's the next Trump move
probably.
What do you expect to see with a
Roadster Tesla is working on? Well,
that's an interesting question. October
15th is the in theory is the is the
Tesla Roadster launch.
Um,
Dutch tulip mania. Yes, that's what the
Dutch are famous for. Dank is git are
the only German words I know. That's all
you need.
Sham Shamun
BUFF. Okay guys, today was a long
session. Let's wrap it up here. Uh, good
day in the market. Sometimes it's good
to just hold these shares. I underplayed
SpaceX, but I I actually went a little
harder in today again. What did I sell?
I think I sold
155
short puts. A good chunk. It's just
making a little money. Maybe 2% of the
portfolio or something like profit if
everything works out.
I mean, that's nice. Uh, so SpaceX
looking very, very good,
very strong. This thing is going to
drop. I tell you guys, the unlock is
going to drop this,
but then it it's going to get up again.
And Tesla, the 380 final boss is coming
again. Let's see what happens. But we
belong here. This is very good. Okay,
hit the like button and then we wrap it
up.
What's your favorite flavor of the
Danish cringle? Oo.
What is this thing called? The Danish
with the vanilla stuff and the
chocolate.
This is very good. But you know, in my
high age, I can't like I can't eat too
many sweets and I can't eat too much
pork knuckle. If I eat pork knuckle and
Danish cringles, it's not good. You
can't do this every day.
Okay, hit the like button and I see you
guys tomorrow. Sunday is the next live
show. We will see what happens over the
weekend. We will develop some more stuff
and then we continue. Pioneer Lands is
unstoppable.
Hope to see you there and here.
And thank you so much for tuning in.
Until then.