Source:      electrek
Title:       GM makes charging easy while Elon bets big on fossil fuels and Leno talks Tesla
Author:      Jo Borrás
URL:         https://electrek.co/2026/08/10/gm-makes-charging-easy-while-elon-bets-big-on-fossil-fuels-and-leno-talks-tesla/
Published:   2026-08-10 23:51 UTC
Fetched:     2026-08-11 00:00 UTC

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

On today’s super simple episode of Quick Charge, we talk about GM’s new Energy Pass, SpaceX’s big bet on fossil fuels, and Tesla’s long-promised Roadster set to arrive “real soon.” Again. For what is nearly the tenth year in a row.

GM is offering two new technologies that promise to make life easier for electric Cadillac, Chevrolet, and GMC drivers. Called “Energy Pass” and “Plug and Charge,” the pair eliminate the need to juggle apps and payment methods while simplifying the experience all together – when you get to a participating station, just plug in your GM vehicle into an EV charging station and start charging immediately. You don’t have to pull out a phone or credit card or download a new app. You just plug, and charge – as it should be! Click here to find out more.

We also talk about SpaceX’s decision to power its newest mega chip factory with fossil fuels, act sad about Megatron killing Jazz after I’d bought the car, and Tesla’s design chief trying to sell Leno on the idea that his Tesla Roadster really actually very much is coming “soon.”

## Source Links

- GM is making EV charging a LOT easier (Video)

- Tesla, SpaceX confirm ‘Terafab’ chip fab site — $16.8B first phase

- Musk’s Terafab chip plant will run on gas, not Tesla solar

- Tesla design chief says new Roadster coming ‘very soon’ — sure

- Here are the top 10 most affordable EVs and hybrids to insure

Prefer listening to your podcasts? Audio-only versions of Quick Charge are now available on Apple Podcasts, Spotify, TuneIn, and our RSS feed for Overcast and other podcast players.

 
 
 

New episodes of Quick Charge are (allegedly) recorded several times per week, most weeks. We’ll be posting bonus audio content from time to time as well, so be sure to follow and subscribe so you don’t miss a minute of Electrek’s high-voltage podcast series.

Got news? Let us know!
Drop us a line at tips@electrek.co. You can also rate us on Apple Podcasts and Spotify, or recommend us in Overcast to help more people discover the show.

If you’re considering going solar, it’s always a good idea to get quotes from a few installers. To make sure you find a trusted, reliable solar installer near you that offers competitive pricing, check out EnergySage, a free service that makes it easy for you to go solar. It has hundreds of pre-vetted solar installers competing for your business, ensuring you get high-quality solutions and save 20-30% compared to going it alone. Plus, it’s free to use, and you won’t get sales calls until you select an installer and share your phone number with them. 

Your personalized solar quotes are easy to compare online and you’ll get access to unbiased Energy Advisors to help you every step of the way. Get started here.