Channel:     jobhakdi
Title:       Welcome to our live show!
URL:         https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1Y6S6AFcxaM
Published:   2026-08-13 19:32 UTC
Fetched:     2026-08-13 23:00 UTC

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

all the way up to 340 today. It is a
dramatic revival of the stock that
everyone deemed to be dead in the water.
But I told everyone I told everyone I'm
back in since 320. It was clear this
thing is completely oversold and fell
out of the graces of the market. even of
the Tesla fans. Many people selling
their Tesla shares to jump onto the
SpaceX train or rocket,
which in my opinion is a big mistake.
Not that SpaceX isn't great, but SpaceX
is already being chased too high based
on Elon's statements that they will beat
all the revenue 100 billion here and
there, which is all probably true. But
we should never forget there's something
called valuation and SpaceX is already
at two trillion again. Whereas Tesla is
at one trillion and Tesla offers some
unique uniquely powerful benefits in
this whole AI spectacle that we are
experiencing. That is why I remain most
bullish on Tesla while I actually
started initiating my SpaceX position in
earnest now. So SpaceX is on the radar
now. It is through the worst and it will
be interesting. But Tesla Tesla is
probably the most underrated AI stock
right now. And I want to start with
giving you three reasons why that is the
case. Uh I start with the first
fundamental reason. Here was some very
good posts from all kinds of people.
Number one,
robo taxi. The thing that actually makes
the stock work. The thing that can bring
in hundreds of billions in additional
earnings over the next years.
That thing that everyone is waiting for.
That thing that where everyone thinks,
"Oh my god, they let us down. They are
like slowing it down. Whatever
conspiracy theory, the robo taxi, the
autonomous transport future is never
going to happen. They are failing us.
It's a disaster. I kept saying, even
though I was disappointed too, that my
predictions for April May did not come
true and we are delayed. But when you
look at what is happening across US
cities, when you look at Austin, Texas
Gigafactory and what is being produced,
we are in a complete and total
nationwide roll out of robo taxi and no
one is noticing except for me and now
you. It is actually happening at total
scale only not in the way people
expected to happen. People think, "Oh my
god, why are there not robo taxis all
over the place?" Well, there are robo
taxis all over the place. They're just
not being deployed yet, but they're
being accumulated across the board all
over the place. And now increasingly
also as cyber caps
with
or more importantly without steering
wheels. Look at what robo taxi rider is
showing here. This is
Joe Techmire reporting on all these
cyber caps. Look at them. And
43 out of 44 cyber caps pictured below
do not have a steering wheel. The
largest collection we have seen so far
of actually fully operational commercial
robo taxis that can't even be used in
any other way than commercially as robo
taxis. So people are delusional if they
think this is not happening. This is
happening at scale. They're just not
being deployed yet.
But we can conclude that deployment is
more or less imminent. Here's Nick Cruz
Pain telling us all the good news about
Tesla's core business that we see Model
Y, Model 3, Cybertruck weight times
going through the roof. We are now
September, October weight times here, 10
to 12 weeks weight time. Wait times are
very important because they indicate
demand. Demand is accelerating. the oil
crisis, elevated oil prices, elevated
gasoline prices in conjunction with, of
course, FSD,
FSD being promoted all over the place.
Faza just had a great video out where
you see all these influencers now all
across the world talking about FSD,
not Tesla influencers. I'm talking car
influencers who are not even Tesla fans.
They are showing now, look, these cars
drive themselves. the populace is
noticing on a grand scale because FST is
now becoming incredibly incredibly
powerful.
All of this is the first reason why
Tesla is coming soaring back. These are
the fundamental reasons. The fundamental
reasons why the stock is very strong.
Well, the stock is very weak, but the
case for the stock is becoming
incredibly strong right now.
And
that is I think why I'm incredibly
bullish on the stock. I have been
bullish. I am bullish. I was wrong on
the second quarter. The second quarter
was a disaster in terms of me being
right. I was very wrong on the second
quarter. I said 490 is coming. I said
roller is coming. It didn't come in the
way I wanted. I was totally nailed it on
the first quarter also return-wise.
Second quarter was bad because I was
wrong. Now we are getting into more
reasonable reasonable phase I think
where we can say after this insane drop
I got out before I told everyone before
earnings get out or I'm getting out. I
got in here because this is ridiculous.
This was part of the July sell off the
worst selloff we have seen in 30 years
for momentum stocks that includes Tesla
and of course everyone gets slaughtered.
Ashen Brena we covered it in the weekly
brief in Pioneerlands. Go to
pioneerlands.org. The weekly brief is
getting better and better. We have the
third edition of the weekly brief coming
up over this weekend where we cover
Tesla, SpaceX, AI. We also cover besides
stocks and capital markets in the second
segment of the Pioneer weekly brief that
you have to watch if you don't want to
left be left behind.
The second piece of the brief is the AI
frontier where we will report about
Grock 4.6 killing it. There's also
Gemini Flash being released as we speak.
Uh, and we will have politics. I
reported on Taka last week, but this
week it will be about European politics.
Very interesting stuff. So,
pioneerlands.org. Go there and become a
member. Very important. It's free by the
way, but it's important. We are building
Pioneerlands up. Big things are
happening in August. So,
what is happening? What is the second
reason? The second reason why Tesla is
in a very good position right now, in a
very good position is the AI trade. When
you think about the big AI trade,
you think about the semiconductors,
specifically Nvidia, AMD, and this whole
crowd. You think about the memory game,
Micron, one of my biggest positions is
still Micron. You have to be cautious
but this thing comes roaring back is
still completely unavail
but I am most familiar with micron I
feel most comfortable with micron
so the memory bucket you have the max 7
hyperscala bucket and you have the
neoclouds
nebas they had a very good week so the
neoclouds I'm very bullish strategically
on the neoclouds we need a little bit
more work on our side to analyze exactly
what's going on there. It's very tricky
with these stocks. Strategically very
bullish, but tactically what about
valuation? I'm always first doing my
work. We have completed Micron. We have
completed SpaceX. We have long completed
Tesla. We have completed Nvidia. They
are covered on pioneerens.org in the
investment research section. The
Neoclouds
hopefully completed in August. We don't
have to be nervous, guys. Don't be
nervous. We will cover them all. We will
also cover Mac 7 and that is the big
bucket we have to look at Mac 7
hyperscalers
Apple we leave out for now Tesla and
SpaceX the Musk universe
then we have to cover of course the
semiconductors we have to cover the
neoclouds and we have to cover memory
and then you have a very good chunk of
opportunities there and then out of this
universe of 15 20 stocks you pick the
top four at every moment in time. And
even though I'm a super Tesla bull, you
know that I was more or less very
minimized on Tesla until last week. So
between earnings in last week, but I'm
back in. So the second reason why Tesla
is so powerful right now is because it
offers a unique take on AI. It is not
subject to the memory cycle madness. It
is not subject to the Nvidia and GPU
discussions. It is not subject to
neocloud issues. It is not subject to
the hyperscala topics. It is
uncorrelated to some extent. To a very
large extent, Tesla is an uncorrelated
bet on physical AI.
You are not completely tied into the
madness of memory. You're not tied into
the huge insane discussions about
hyperscalers going up and down.
Neoclouds highly correlated with
hyperscalers. Not totally, but very
correlated. And SpaceX, by the way, also
increasingly correlated with the whole
hyperscala, Neocloud, and GPU thing.
Tesla is unique. Tesla is unique because
it has Optimus and Roboaxi, which are
not directly related to these things.
In addition, it's cheap. It's a trillion
dollars. A trillion dollars. What is a
trillion dollars? Nothing. So Tesla is
very cheap in terms of absolute
valuation. It's very cheap looking
forward looking at the opportunity you
know that every 100,000 uh every million
robo taxis generate roughly 50 billion
in net earnings. That's insane.
That is a 20p ratio on a trillion. So
simply put every million robo taxes will
add between one and two trillion in
market value to that stock. And the
stock is currently only one trillion. So
you have a thing coming every million
robo taxes adding 100 to 200% to the
stock and how many million robo taxis
can you have? Well, of course in theory
you can have 100 million robo taxis.
That's 100x upside with no optimus
required. That is why Tesla is extremely
hot in my opinion. And the whole debate
about SpaceX and Elon delaying rollout
is complete bogus. If you know anything
about anything, this is just not a
thing. Robo taxi is rolling out. We see
it all happening. And that is why I
believe at an absolute minimum Tesla is
going to go back to 400 uh to 360 in
absolutely no time. 36066 370 is an
absolute gap fill necessity. We going
back here without anything happening.
Why do I say 366? Because I'm out there.
Uh, so we can even say 370.
And maybe you say, "Oh, Joe, that's not
a lot." Well, it's a lot for me because
I think the risk of not getting there is
very low. And if the risk is low, I know
how to leverage the hell out of this
thing with options, not with margin. So,
I am bullish. I am more than fully
invested again since 325 or something.
And I will ride it all the way to 370.
and re reassess the situation how much I
want to be in this thing but that is
what I'm seeing here and then of course
the third reason is the third reason is
a more technical reason if you look at
one year ago in December we hit 480 and
the company was much weaker the company
was in a much weaker spot than now so we
have a tremendously negative year so far
and that is actually bullish. If the
company goes up, the stock goes down,
the market goes flat or up, we are in a
bullish situation because things like
that, stupid little FUD, stupid little
SpaceX distractions, even though I love
SpaceX, but stupid little SpaceX
distractions in terms of destroying
Tesla stock will come back to haunt
whoever falls for it.
When a stock is cheap, I buy. When they
cry, I buy. And the stock is cheap when
you compare to its peers, to
hyperscalers, to memory stocks, even in
relative terms, not in absolute P terms,
but in technical terms, where did these
stocks go? Where have they been? Where
are they going? And if you compare
December, all these stocks versus Tesla
now Tesla is in relative terms vastly
underrated.
And there is just no way other than
closing this gap to itself and to the
others. That's why I'm all back into
Tesla.
There you have it. All of course
conditional on the market, not
destroying us. But as you know, Iran was
always over. I always told everyone the
Iran war is a hoax. It's a bogus because
Trump never had the option to escalate.
He pretended pretended pretended. He
never had an option. That's why people
said I'm I was wrong when I was actually
right.
There was never a path to escalate Iran.
And now it looks very sad and bad for
the United States. But who cares? Not my
problem. I'm not the president. I didn't
make these stupid decisions. I'm just
saying from a market perspective, war is
not an option. So that makes us
relatively safe. I think the market is
going to rally back to something. If it
rallies too much, of course, we have to
be prepared for a uh Q4 correction,
maybe even September. But for now, we
are rally back and we will have more
coverage of the AI trade of the circular
financing thing. In the weekly brief
coming out on the weekend, we will
discuss Nvidia's financing strategy with
a super duper big fat six asset managers
or whatever you call these things, Black
Rockck and so forth. the master stroke
that Yensen executed to undermine the
hyperscalers
to remove dependency from the
hyperscalers to empower the neoclouds. I
have it all lined up for you guys but
not in this session. Today we are
talking about Tesla but Nvidia making a
massive stroke of financing and risk
distribution
diversification for Nvidia and ensuring
its future growth empowering the neo
clouds and all of this is very
interesting will drive the market higher
until we have the next little tender
tantrum t temper tantrum of people
saying we're in a bubble. It's very
predictable these little dummies. We are
not in a bubble. We are going up onto
the right. We in the singularity, but
because we are surrounded by normies,
every six months or so, we will have a
temper tantrum and a bubble panic
attack. Totally predictable. We had it
in November last year. We had it in
July. People go nuts. They think it's
all fake and they're selling off. No one
is looking at the numbers. I predict
this is going to happen again in
December or January or November. We say,
"Oh my god, we in an AI bubble." And
then everyone sells off again. And then
everyone realize we're not in a bubble.
And the whole cycle repeats. I don't
know for how long this is going on.
Maybe at some point people realize we
are not in a bubble. But I don't care
for now. It's predictable. I hear all
the dumb YouTube videos like we in a
bubble.
We are in a bubble. We are in a bubble.
Micron trades at six forward price
earnings. That's crazy. How can you
trade at six times forward price
earnings?
irrational exuberance.
No, six is not ex irrational exuberance.
10 is conservative normal. Six is below
that. It's not above that. So, people
are little dummy. So, there you have it.
Let's jump into the comments. You know,
I'm bullish again. Full bull run on back
on Tesla. You see here what's happening.
I got a little concerned here. If this
is the end, depending on the market, we
could have dropped to 280, no problem.
But we didn't. And the market caught
itself. We on a run up. I realized it's
somewhere here. Where was this? No,
here. August 3rd. And now we're on a
very nice uptrend just to fill that
stupid little gap here that was torn
into our dear little Tesla stock for no
reason.
Let's go into the comments and see what
you guys have to say. Hello from Belgium
at MO ATM.
O dude, hello to Belgium. Belgium.
Beautiful. Well, Bristol a little bit of
a hole, but Belgium and it's all
beautiful. Should SK Heinix and Micron
do a stock split soon?
I don't know. It's a bit difficult to
get started on short puts with them.
huge margin requirements.
I've never thought about it, Mahaider,
but um I mean should should is a good
question. Will they probably it's
probably time for Micron to consider a
stock split not happening a lot with
these guys but uh I would say thousand
is like this thing where you should
probably
split your stock. Yucatan, Mexico,
Vancouver Island guy. Wow. Oh, Vancouver
Island guy gives away his entire travel
strategy. So, you're from Vancouver and
you're in Yucatan, Mexico. Beautiful.
Uh, Oscar Oscar Oscar Gold says, "But is
Tesla setting up the infrastructure
required to launch all these robo taxes,
charging, cleaning?" Yes. No.
Absolutely. They're doing that. It's
also much easier than you think. Imagine
you have 200 of these things in a city
where you already have 300 chargers that
are already installed. Half of them can
just go to the standard chargers. You
have to consider superchargers are not
even being used at night. You can use
your own superchargers at night. Just
occupy them at night. You know, cyber
caps don't need to get charged during
the day. They need to get charged during
the night. And then you have mobile
cleaning. And this is not very hard to
do.
Not at this scale. uh deploying 500
cyber caps or robo taxis in large cities
is super easy because the entire
infrastructure already exists. You have
to always consider that these
superchargers are not really used at
night. Who's charging their Tesla at
night? I mean I did sometimes in but um
not at 3:00 a.m.
Uh pick up and drop off is not ready
yet. Sure, but it will be ready at any
moment.
Aonda, hi Bakti community and happy
Thursday to all of you. This is not the
bakti community. We are the pioneer
lands community. We don't want to brand
it with myself. I'm not Trump. I don't
have skyscrapers. Bakti skyscrapers.
But I hear you. Uh here Mahaida says
Grock 4.7 is supposedly only four weeks
away. I think it's going to be a big
blow to open AAI. I mean Grock 4.6 is
already a giant blow. and Grock work
look at that stuff they are cooking
these people cooking cooking and I
totally agree Mahina 4.7 is going to
blow our minds but don't underestimate
Astra Astra is coming
Charles Luca that sounds like German
American Charles Lucer Franklin
Tennessee a neighbor just posted a pic
of at least 10 park robot tax is here
today in Franklin Tennessee I've never
been to Franklin, but I've been to
Tennessee. Beautiful, beautiful state.
So, we are now in Tennessee with 10 park
robot taxis.
Staling likely is part of solving the
pickup drop off issues.
Is it interesting? I've never thought of
that. How would it solve these pick and
drop off issues? Maybe it can. Are there
any stats on safety on robo taxi? Yes.
Pioneer land. LOL. Exactly. Pioneer
lands. It's not one land, it's many
lands.
Yes, NHTSA
Nitsa has stats on robo taxi. Look it
up. And Austin and Texas, Department of
Transportation. They have all these
things.
I was starting to think that I had made
a big mistake buying Tesla and should
have bought SpaceX. Well, Susan Susan
Ling, as a rule of thumb in trading,
every time you thought you think you
made a mistake and want to chase another
stock, that is exactly when you
shouldn't do it, that's exactly when it
turns around. I mean, look at this
today. 3.54% up and SpaceX down. Okay,
SpaceX was down. It was up a lot, which
was good for me. I was doing a little
play and today it's down, right? So, you
know, I understand yesterday was a giant
day for SpaceX, but you know, this is
Tesla will catch up very quickly. SpaceX
is up 11% now, down 2.59%. So, 9.5% up,
but then Tesla is already up 3.4%. So,
the differential is only 6% right now.
6% is two days, two good days, and we're
back.
So, don't chase. Chasing is always a
mistake because you're too late.
When I sold my short puts today on
SpaceX, I was a little conservative. I
sold them at three uh 140, which was
smart instead of too close to the money
because it dropped and I'm fine still,
right? 140 is going to be fine. I think
need to have VT2.
There's enough room in the market for
all of these companies to find their
competency. I don't think anyone loses
big, but some lose small. Mostly loss of
upside. Well, Poxy Frostbite,
I disagree with Poxy this time. I think
you're right on the Max 7. Too big to
fail. Absolute winners. Tesla, SpaceX,
Max 7. Yes. On the NeoClouds. That's why
I'm a little hesitant. There is the
possibility because these are small
companies. Then one or two of them will
completely fail. I think they're betting
on the right super trend. They are
absolutely in a winning position. But
all you need is like one problem and you
know one of them goes down in flames. So
I would if either you wait and become a
citizen in Pioneer Lands and then you
read our research reports our investment
research on the neoclouds once it's done
but then you have to wait another month
for that because we're working on it. Or
if you want to bet on the neoclouds just
be cautious rather bet on a bucket core
nebas and the other guys and what is it?
Qu Nebus
what's this thing the other thing called
like buy three in a bucket because I
would still be skeptical
Timber says Tesla SpaceX own both
totally agreed but I still think Tesla
is the better deal right now because now
SpaceX ran up again you know SpaceX when
people say oh it ran from
100 to 140 I mean that's a crazy you
know whatever $600 billion ad that's
nearly entire Tesla add it. So people
don't fully understand what that means
if something runs up from 105 to 140 at
that scale even if they announce another
50 billion in earnings. I mean
you know it's hard to fill these shoes
on the cyber capsule rock. Dylan Lumis
from Electrified
had that Tesla is having issues with the
cars going into an infinite loop or 40
point turnaround. Turn around. Yes, that
happens. I only have finite savings.
Susan Ling,
that is uh the tragedy of human
existence. Finite savings. If we didn't
have that, many problems would be
solved. I'm 10 to1 Tesla SpaceX
currently. I will buy the best deal to
Kadeshv 3. Interesting, Boxy. I'm a
little more aggressive here. I'm
actually now synthetically pretty
exposed to SpaceX. I'm closer to like a
2 to one at this point. I'm actually
pretty SpaceX heavy. No, a 3:1
3.5 to one Tesla SpaceX.
Um along with Tesla my AI spread is
Micron, Nvidia,
Nubis. What is what
uh Core Weave and Broadcom
that is pretty good.
Uh but as I said when it comes to
NeoClouds I would I would just buy a
bucket. I would buy a bucket because I I
don't know too much. have Nibius Core V
and Broadcom.
I think that's a very good combination
in my opinion.
Um,
so
Verive,
I didn't do my research on vertive.
What's the latest there? So, but that's
a pretty good combination. Jerdobe, I
think you're well positioned.
Uh, but you don't have SpaceX.
Interesting. I think it's definitely
time to start your SpaceX position. By
the way, I said wait until
December, but I changed my opinion after
seeing the unlock and the behavior of
the stock. I think this stock is not
going to fall much from here. uh the the
risk of SpaceX going down, you know,
conditional on the market not going
down. Uh I think the risk is very
minimal at this point and the upside is
bigger, much bigger than the downside.
Uh Verive
went down after earnings a lot 11% but
that's normal.
That was in the madness in the middle of
the madness.
I have 7% SpaceX, 93% Tesla. That sounds
very similar to our friend Steven Mc
Ryan.
When Tesla read is the flying car, what
happens during a traffic jam? What about
if someone cuts you off?
You don't have a traffic jam. You can
fly.
Um, Susan Ling, watch SpaceX and when it
goes below IPO, if it does dollar cost
into it, even if small amounts, Robin
Hood allows fractional shares. I would
definitely start initiating the SpaceX
position.
It looks like Tesla is going to close
above the 200 day moving average today.
That could totally happen.
Where is Tesla now?
Tesla is doing well. Oh, it's doing very
well. It's having a little run into the
close. Up 3.8%.
Nearly 340. Are we going to make 340?
Yes.
Wait, why is it delayed so much?
What is this? Google Finance is delayed
like crazy. Should I check Yahoo? Yahoo
is not delayed. Ah, let me check my
Yahoo
on the phone. I will do a time travel
five minutes into the future because
Google is lame.
Five minutes into the Google future just
to see where Tesla closed today. 33964
cents short.
Too bad. 34 34020. This was a very good
day. I'm recovering all my terrible July
disaster losses like everyone else.
Uh but we were we are used to it. I
dipped a small toe into SpaceX
0.96 of one share. I have a little more
than that.
Uh more Farmer. Every summer asset
managers go on vacation because their
clients want to yell at them for about
four months. Summer time is almost
always a great time to invest. I agree.
The Hamptons. I wonder if this is still
the case in 2026. Times are changing,
but probably yes.
Uh Susan Ling, as long as you have a
decent timeline, you would be happy.
We is the 490 you promised. I didn't
promise it. I predicted it and I was
wrong.
It's probably coming this year. Now we
are a little set back. But do I think we
will reach 490 this year? Yeah, I'm
extremely confident we will.
Uh, Leonardo is back. Live show. Yes, I
saw a beautiful cyber cap circling
around Lake Merritt in Oakland,
California. Wow, Lake Merritt. One of my
favorites.
I was once invited to yoga at Lake Merit
and I lived in Berkeley.
Uh, when does Tesla hit 600? Good
question. When we have 10,000 cyber
caps, which could happen this year, by
the way,
but I wouldn't I wouldn't guarantee it.
uh under 740 I won't sell Tesla. 740 is
a very specific thing probably smart.
This is the interesting thing. It is
very important to control your greed.
We all know that the odds that Tesla
does not reach 740 are close to zero in
the next years. So you're buying a stock
at 337. You know it's going to go to 700
800 900 before 2030 guaranteed. I don't
guarantee anything but for me internally
I see it as guaranteed. If you get
totally disappointed it happens in 2028
and not end of this year. But does that
really matter? That's what you have to
ask yourself. And then people point at
another stocks like oh there is this
unknown mini mini cloud neo super neo
cloud that no one has ever heard of. I
don't know which one it is. I'm just
making this up. And that stock goes up
3,000% and then people say I'm so
stupid. Why am I in Tesla? Tesla is up
100% over the next two years if you get
unlucky. But the stupid little neocloud
no one heard of is up 3,000% then. Well,
if you think like that, you will be
always unhappy in life. This is not how
it works. There's always something more
amazing. You have to sit back and ask
yourself, how many normies out there?
How many average Americans, average
whatever, Germans, British, Australians,
Canadians,
how much do they make? Do they make 100%
every two years?
No, they don't. So, you should be happy.
This is a good stock. We understand it
deeply. We understand where it goes. It
goes up. And if you say over the last
five years it went sideways, I
understand.
But it was also pretty obvious. I was
not one of the people in 2021 who said
this thing has gone tenfold. No,
I waited and waited. I was fully
invested, completely invested in Tesla
in 2019, which was very good for me. And
in 2021, I sold. I was very uninvested.
I had a little thing going on there. But
too, but I didn't comment on this stock
for all that time until 2024.
And then I started saying now I'm
getting very confident that in the next
six years this thing will explode to
10,000 or whatever. I still believe that
and I'm more sure than ever. So don't be
too greedy. If you make 100% in two
years, be happy.
Don't look at other things just to point
how great they are. Now that doesn't
mean we are not looking at other things
and trying to find these super neo
clouds or finding another super big
stock and going into it. That's fine.
But I don't think Yensen will sell that
GPU a hard assets like gold as an
investable asset class.
I thought these were rapidly
depreciating asset.
No, no, no. There are some very
interesting things happening here. There
was this young guy Khali or whatever
Kashi
who uh the whole moonshot crew invested
in. He was just on moonshots. I like
moonshots more and more. By the way, the
podcast the competitor for Allin with uh
Diamandis, Peter Diamandis and the crew
Alex and so on. They're very smart.
They're getting better, more
entertaining. Allin has to be cautious.
and they invest in this young guy MIT
and he talked about tradability of GPU
of compute and
I disagree. You can absolutely turn them
into investable assets. Compute as an
investable asset and this is hot. Now we
have options, we have futures on compute
now is all being established in Chicago
and this is a crazy development. We will
trade compute like we will trade oil and
you will trade the different GPU types
H100s B300s whatever Vera Ruben VR I
don't even know the numbers 200s and you
can totally trade them you can trade
them as options and futures you can bet
on the price of compute a month from now
two months from now end of the year who
cares if they they're not depreciating
by the way you you have to see it this
way
if you have an H100 it has a certain
price.
You know, I can I can show you how this
works. So, H100 H100 compute price.
Look at this. We have this beautiful
thing
here.
Where is this? I want to see the live
prices.
Look at this. Here it starts. So you see
these providers. You can rent the GPUs.
You see H200X is SXM. These are hoppers.
Hopper 100 381 per hour. 264 an hour.
529 an hour for black 200s. A100 $2 an
hour. And you see that and we now have
financial instruments that let you trade
that, you know, and you create like a
marketplace. This guy is doing it and
he's making a lot of money. They already
at a quarter billion in revenue. It's
pretty good just for a financial
instrument. And you can trade futures,
right? You can say, I'm buying H100 SXM
for $250 an hour
in December. And you can bet on this.
So, who cares if it's depreciating? It's
there. People will buy it. People will
buy H100 computes for the next five
years. Maybe they will pay less for it.
Maybe, but maybe the price goes up next
year. That's very, very possible that
H100s become more expensive. They are
already becoming more expensive. So, and
they are six years old or whatever. So,
it doesn't matter. You have to think
like a finance pro.
The Carlos Royale from San Marcos,
California. Hello. Hello from the UK.
It's Luminous is back from the UK.
An Anton Stoanov.
Greetings from Zofia. Is that Bulgaria?
Uh oh. Being put on the spot. Zofia.
Bulgaria capital. I'm not that I'm not
that stupid. I mean, I shouldn't be too
proud of that. That should be not too
hard, but I'm still proud. Joe, what is
your updated prediction of inflection
point for Robbo taxi when Tesla jumps
over 500?
I mean not much has changed in my
general reasoning. I think if we deploy
thousands of these things we will
rapidly exceed 500. Once we deploy
thousands of these things that are
actually working and that will or can
happen this year. That's why I think we
will hit all-time highs before
Christmas.
But it's a little speculative. I'm very
cautious now. I was wrong. I admit when
I'm wrong.
My prediction on robot taxi inflection
was wrong. My prediction that there is a
forcing function on cyber cap as a
production line is still correct. And so
I think it has to happen. And I think
once we add multiple thousands,
this thing goes over 500.
I mean, yeah, Susan Ling, we never You
never know. You never know. Chasing is
dangerous. Don't chase. Do research,
have conviction, and buy when it's
cheap. And you know, deemphasize,
defocus when it's too expensive.
Yensen just had the best month a CEO has
ever had. He announced a $500 billion
deal with SKH when then SpaceX said they
would exclusively build out with Nvidia
GPUs. Then another 500 billion. Amazing.
Well, he earned it.
He earned it.
So, I'm still waiting for 15,000 cyber
caps. 530 locations.
Yes. Let's see. It's going to happen.
It's guaranteed to happen. I sold a
little Tesla and bought a little SpaceX.
I've heard that story before. I bought I
bought both.
What is your current updated prediction
for robotex inflection point? I am
cautious. You know, we clearly I was
wrong on how they will roll it out. So,
I think they're just building out the
infrastructure and no one can tell the
exact timing, but I think it's
guaranteed to happen in the next 12
months. It is still likely to happen in
the next 6 months, but the way I bet on
it has changed. I'm more cautious. I'm
more cautious. I'm less confident on
specific inflection points. I'm tracking
this daily and I'm ready to move in very
boldly once I see movement because
here's the thing.
If you see cyber caps rolling out, if
you see 100 unsupervised caps running
around, the stock goes up 10%. Who
cares? Then the stock goes up from 340
to 370.
But if the roll out is real, it goes up
to 500. So you have still enough time.
You just have to react then within 24
hours.
So
Susan Ling says still 13% down. Average
398 was average 415.
But that's good. Your average down. I
think that was a wise move. 398. I don't
think you will regret this Susan.
You know things can change very quickly.
Uh,
Sir Jeffrey, talk to me, Joe.
Sure, Sir Jeffrey.
Well, the queen has knighted you, so of
course I'm going to talk to you.
After the big recent losses, I started a
fight with my girlfriend. Did she start
it or did you start it? Don't do that.
Yeah, stocks, stock losses, and
girlfriends don't mix well. They should
never be mixed. Don't mix your losses
with your girlfriend.
Very bad idea.
You have to become a professional about
it.
I'm buying like SpaceX and Tesla are
one. If Tesla is going up, I will buy
SpaceX. And the other way around, well,
that's very smart, Cypress. That's
that's going to make you rich.
Why is why do I get the same question
all over again? I plan to wait for the
best chance of
what
when do you think a Tesla event is
happening? End of December. I don't
know. I can't predict Tesla events.
Optimus is very hard to predict when
they do the event. I think it can take
some time because they will only do an
Optimus event when they're fully
commercially ready and deploy these
things and not before. I'm very sure
about that.
Um,
catch up. Hello, Mr. Joe B, many thanks
for all your information. You're
welcome. Thanks for tuning in. Do you
think stocks SpaceX run to 108 again
before December? No, I do not think so.
Unless the market crashes, of course,
but on its own, no way. I think I think
SpaceX will announce some major deals
very soon. The unlocks that are coming
now are smaller than the unlocks we have
seen. As I said, I believe 135 was a
significant resistance, but we blew
through it with a lot of volume
yesterday and now we are dropping a
little bit which is normal. I don't
think we are even dropping to 135. We
will see back. So, I think there's so
much power in SpaceX right now that this
is pretty stable. That's what I think.
But we still have to be cautious with
SpaceX. The price discovery is ongoing.
Much less safe to say what's happening
than with Tesla.
Mahaida says, "The new version of Google
Finance sucks so much compared to the
old version." 100% true. What did these
people do? It's horrible.
It's ridiculous. Google Finance is so
bad. I can't even How can you have such
a dumb update?
Have you bought one of these little
Tesla bot toys? No. Say Optimus bot
toys.
How is Tesla going to reach 700 if
SpaceX buys them out? Well, let's see
about when that happens. I'm not
agree with
Alexandra that this is happening in
August. That would be crazy.
There's Nvidia up to 1,000% 5 year test
40. That's true. That is true. Here,
Luciano, control your greed. Exactly.
Remember what I told you. control your
greed.
What if SpaceX buys Tesla for 600 and
then SpaceX goes up 15% from there?
Exactly.
Uh
here Charles Luca Luca, I need to
correct myself about robot taxi comment
earlier. They were cyber caps. Even
better. And yes, my last name is very
German. Danka Charles Khal Luca. Khal is
your real name. Khaluka.
Very good name. I love it. Tennessee.
Uh,
I need to correct myself about Robotexi
Franklin
Cyber Caps. Exactly.
Um,
what do we have?
What do we have here?
Richard D Costa, thank you Joe for
putting me on to Micron. Be cautious.
But Micron is just undervalued. This is
what it is. People underestimate the
amount of money that's coming in. Gone
in on SanDisk. Now they have incredible
long-term deals. Yes. But Richard, you
just have to be cautious when the next
craziness starts. The next panic, they
will suffer again. Of course.
Palenteer and Tesla. Yeah, Palanteer was
on a toll here.
Bullish as fuk.
This is a very tricky name to say. There
won't be any merger announcements
anytime soon. They can't legally do it
until they are prize discoveries for
SpaceX. I I think so, too. Anyone that
says anything different is out of their
mind.
Could be.
Why isn't Elon building data centers
with Tesla? Because they're with XAI.
That's I mean this whole colossus thing
happened with XA and you can't just if
you have all this competence in one
company you just can't just pull it into
the other company
mergers next year. That's what I think
too. Elon confirmed to me in private
China hill hangs out with Elon. Very
good. Enzo Cape Town South Africa. I was
here like scary things about South
Africa but some people tell me they're
still beautiful areas. So greetings to
Cape Town.
Ketchup is in Belgium.
Ketchup. Hello from Belgium.
Invited to yoga at late merit. That's
funny af.
Yes, it was total hippies by the way.
Uh Joe, what's your background? Can't
place your accent. What? You can't place
my accent. I give it away from time to
time. I give it away when I when I call
Charles Lucer
from Tennessee. Khal Lucer. Think about
this. Who can say so beautifully kuker?
Think about it. I'm hoping Tesla will
buy me a bigger house. But as things are
going in the UK, I might end up having
to take it in boat. Susan Ling. Oh,
you're in the UK. Yeah, this is uh
buying a big house in the UK might uh
yeah, the government might require you
to take in some boat people. That's how
it goes in the UK. Too bad.
Make sure they don't have knives. Hello
from Belgium.
Draw draw the Vatik.
What is your opinion on the latest
counting on Robo Taxi? Herbert and Brian
had a video based on VIN numbers to date
greater 2,300. I said not too long ago
that I'm pretty sure over 1,000 cyber
caps are live. And that was some time
ago, a month ago. So I think we probably
already have over 2,000 cyber caps
alone.
So
I sold Tesla to buy SpaceX yesterday and
sold SpaceX by this is very good.
Uh, all Google applications will
backslide.
It's because some hot shot programmers
come in then decide to make a mark
before they are experienced enough to
know they don't know. Interesting.
Yeah, Google. I don't know. I'm such a
not Google fan.
Terap started. I reported on it last
weekly brief. Go to pioneerens.org,
read and watch the weekly brief. I
reported on tariff app all my comments
on it be prudent these days because we
don't know where crazy Trump will
threaten war or tariffs again sure but
the market also like the the way the
market reacts to the Trump thing is more
and more wise they're just anticipating
the whole thing
Tesla IV rank was negative0.5 this
morning yeah the options premiums have
shrunk tremendously on micron Tesla what
the hell how can I make money with these
little options.
Uh,
how many cyber caps by December 26?
I'm still well I I still predict 15,000.
I'm very sure 15 to 20,000 by December.
The question is the big question is how
many will be in operation commercially,
but absolutely 15 to 20,000.
I'm actually very confident on that
prediction. The question is if they're
not deployed, it doesn't help much.
Elon should buy the UK. He did ask how
much. I know. In case you didn't know,
there's a deal going on. Elon wants to
buy the UK, but I told him not to do it.
It's much easier to go to Mars and turn
this thing into like a habitable planet
than buying the UK and fixing it. I
think buying the UK and fixing it is
pushing it. Elon could fail.
Elon's video about himself was quite
inspirational.
and a video about himself. You mean the
SpaceX video?
I think it's 17 trillion to buy the UK.
That sounds very cheap. I doubt you can
buy the UK for 17 trillion.
I have my doubts.
Joe Roy Kash,
why not diversify
into other AI infrastructure stocks?
You're so focused on a couple of stocks.
Am I I'm focused on Mac 7. I'm focused
on the semiconductors, especially Intel,
AMD, and Nvidia, but I only like Nvidia
and Broadcom, but I only like Nvidia
right now. I'm focused on the memory
stocks and I only like Micron right now.
I will be focused on
the uh Neoclouds and then I'm super
focused on SpaceX and Tesla because I
still think they are the best
opportunities.
Big fan number one. Hi Joe. Hi big fan
number one. Great name.
What's the forcing function number now
Joe? So it's a little bit more tricky
now because I think we will get to my
forcing fun number functions function
numbers but I don't know if they deploy
them. So now we have two numbers. The
number is like how many cyber caps will
they have in the wild and how many are
deployed.
It's tricky. I still think it's 2,000
for deployed.
you know, so not much changed from my
predictions, only that I was wrong on
the exact timing. But I do think if we
have 2,000 or 1,800 in the wild
commercially deployed, it is a forcing
function.
It is a forcing function. And since we
now I mean just think about this 2,000
cyber caps forcing function. We go to
600 or whatever above 500. I'm pretty
sure on that. And we already have over
2,000 sitting around. Soon we will have
over 5,000 sitting around. Probably in
two months. In two months, we have over
5,000 cyber caps sitting around.
If I'm right that once you deploy over a
thousand, you getting very quickly into
500 plus territory. What is the bet? The
bet is we having all these thousands and
thousands and thousands and tens of
thousands of these cyber caps sitting
around and they will never get deployed.
I would not bet on this. Instead, I
would bet on once we hit 10,000 or
something in November,
something has to happen and then things
will happen very quickly.
Stand by me video. Is it really? I have
to watch it.
Ricardo Borges says
UK is not worth more than 10 trillion.
I agree. I wouldn't buy it for 10
trillion. I would just buy more Tesla
shares and SpaceX shares
and options to not drive the stock up.
Stand by me video. I'm going to watch it
now. We wrap it up now. Nearly one hour.
I will watch the standby me Elon video.
We do this last question from Henning
Schulz.
What do you say about the future massive
dump SpaceX will take announce
multi-billion capex for moon and Mars?
He will use those funds without
immediate or direct shareholder return.
I disagree Henning Schwzer.
I do think that's not going to happen. I
think they will be very close to the
money. They will spend it on AI
satellites with immediate return once
they scale it enough. They will do a
little moon mission. Not much capex
required. NASA pays for it. Then they
will establish a moon base and then they
will raise money for that. But that's in
the 2030s and that will have a very high
ROI. And Mars, forget it. This is all
NASA paid.
Merger talk useless.
Yes, useless.
Carlos Royale. I don't like Palanteer.
I'm not a big fan of Palenteer. I think
it's a good stock. It might go through
the roof. It might make a lot of money,
but I have moral objections.
I find this whole thing a little
sketchy.
So, I don't like it.
I want to have more moral clarity on on
Palenteer.
I'm building bineer lands. I have to not
just make money. We can make enough
money with clean stocks, but penalty is
a little dirty in my opinion. At least
they haven't explained to me
sufficiently how this is not dirty.
Shouldn't the price of a country be
something like GDP times 10? That would
be 40 trillion. No. Street credit zero.
You can't do You can't trade on revenue.
You have to trade on profits. This is
like whatever profits are for a country.
You're not getting that money if you buy
the country. It's not that you can get
the GDP. If you say 10x, that's like
price to price earnings. This is not
your earnings.
You know,
you know, you can't value countries like
that. If you look at the actual taxable
income or something or the tax income,
then it's always negative because
they're spending too much. So all these
things are bankrupt.
That's another problem. You can't just
sell the assets. You have to look at the
assets. Book value. When you buy
countries, look at book value because
they're all losing enterprises.
Just think about street credit zero. If
you become the king of Great Britain,
you buy that thing, you kick out that
silly little king, and then you're the
king, but you're the real king. You're a
dictator. You can take all the money.
There's no money. They just make debt
all day long, right? So, it's a loss
operation that is getting worse and
worse. So, all you can do is like
liquidate the whole thing. So, you have
to do the math on that. But if you buy
the UK, you're probably not getting
everything in the UK. I don't know how
it works if you buy a country.
Ilquid assets. Exactly.
Carlos Royale, what do you mean dirty? I
I think morally dubious.
I want to see what Palante actually
does. you know, it's too
defenseoriented. It does all these
government things, collecting data. It's
just I don't know how to I I don't trust
it. I don't want to be mean, but I don't
trust it. I would need to have more
clarity on what's happening there.
Uh to the moon back, then Mars bots take
over and I get my spaceship. Elon
promised that all SpaceX employees can
go to the moon. Let's see.
Lake Merit Yoga Miller Botanicals. Lake
Merit Yoga is very nice.
I was a little dirty this whole lawn
there, but whatever. I'm more an LA
dude, I think. Okay, guys, that's it. Do
yoga at Lake Merit. Nice place,
nice little restaurants all around it,
and there's a Whole Foods close by. Um,
yeah. And then I hope to see you.
Oh, under UK law, the crown actually
owns all of the land. Really? All of the
land? That's a lot of land.
You guys figure out what you get for the
money and you can pitch me next time
what I get for my money if I buy that
thing, that island.
You figure it out. Maybe we can pull our
money and buy the UK. If Street Car Zero
makes a good pitch, we might just pull
our money and buy this thing. But lots
of boat people there. Susan Ling is our
spy inside the UK. She can tell us
what's going on. Okay, guys. See you
very soon. I hope everyone took
something away from here and I will be
live very soon.
Bye-bye.