Channel:     futureaza
Title:       Tesla’s $29K Model 3 Strategy Breakdown
URL:         https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Q7j9mRBNO6E
Published:   2026-05-06 12:00 UTC
Fetched:     2026-05-06 13:00 UTC

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

The cheapest new Teslas available in
North America are now on sale in Canada
of all places. No, not Mexico, not the
US. It is Canada. They've got Model 3s
starting for about $29,000.
A price we did not expect, but we found
some interesting loopholes that make it
actually possible. Yes, it's the big uh
Chinese uh allowance of 49,000 imported
cars, but why would Tesla move so
aggressively? And especially if the
price is over the allowable limit or is
it? That's what we're going to discuss.
I got my buddy Mark here from Canada
reporting on the ground as opposed to
the ceiling. It is very helpful. I'm
Brian. Welcome to Future Haza.
&gt;&gt; So Mark, when this story broke, you were
hot on the DM saying, "Do you need
someone to talk about it?" And I said,
"Yes, just not right now because I'm in
the middle of something." So, here we
are having that conversation. Uh, let's
look at some of the headlines. Tesla
just launched rearwheel drive Model 3
Premium. So, this isn't even the the the
the standard. This is the premium with
all the speakers and all the nicities.
One would expect 29,000 USD.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, it's quite a surprise. It happened
at the uh the end of last week and it
was like, wow. They just released it. It
was uh put on the website overnight as
they typically do and uh surprise this
uh this vehicle premium rearwheel drive
is now available in Canada it is being
imported from China and uh since uh the
lower tariffs that were allocated for
49,000 imported vehicles from China
Tesla grabbed a bunch of them. We don't
know how many, but I have to believe
it's a significant amount of that 49,000
vehicles.
&gt;&gt; It's got to be. Well, if you send one
boat over and it's full-ish, I mean,
that's 5,000 right there. That's 10% of
the annual aotment. Let's get into this
here a little bit. Drastically reducing
the starting price. It had been $799.90
because of the crossber tariff with the
suspension of USMCA. This will cut the
price in half. That is a big deal. What
caused it to drop? Well, uh there was
the as we've been saying the 49,000
vehicle limit. So, just to refresh on
that, the deal is we will allow in this
year we, you and your countrymen will
allow in 49,000 Chinese-built vehicles.
They can be from any brand. How many
brands have a foothold? have a network
in which to sell them
&gt;&gt; a small amount. So, you've got uh you've
got Tesla, of course, you've got uh
somebody like a Polestar uh has a
presence here with Volvo.
&gt;&gt; Um
&gt;&gt; Pstar does not have vehicles that would
qualify.
They do initially because of course the
deal says you have to be under or you
have to be at $35,000
Canadian, but that deal is only for half
of it. So that means vehicles could be
above the $35,000
price mark
&gt;&gt; if they can get the rest of them. So the
other thing is that 35,000 cap because I
said, "Well, there's nothing cheaper
than the Model 3. Wouldn't they have
done the three standard instead of
premium? But I will show you this here
cuz I've got this up. The CBC is
reporting this there. Um, we have
misunderstood the issue of price.
Federal government said 50% of the quota
would be reserved for cars with an
import price less than 35,000. The
retail could still be higher.
&gt;&gt; There you go.
&gt;&gt; So that's it. They have a retail they
have a import cost below 35 and are
selling for $399.90.
So that means because Polestar can't
can't sell their you know if they sell
100 cars at 50 60 70,000 US they're
going to have to come up with a 100 cars
that cost less than that to also sell. I
don't think they can jump on it. Are any
of the value companies, the BYDs, the
Ghilies, the Xiaomi's available?
&gt;&gt; We currently don't have sales
distributions yet in Canada. There is
rumblings that Giley and BYD are looking
for sites to set up dealerships across
Canada, sometimes just regionally in
Ontario. Uh BYD is looking countrywide,
but those sites have not yet been
announced. Nothing has been opened at
this point in time.
&gt;&gt; So, it's entirely possible that Tesla
could take not just the majority, but
almost all of these imports uh
allowable. They could bring in
&gt;&gt; for the first for the first year. Yeah.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. 20,000 of the of the ones at
$399.90
and 20,000 of the premium and long of
the performance and long range ones.
&gt;&gt; And you know what? They probably could
sell them all because this is a deal in
the EV space in Canada that has not been
breached. This amount is is something
that that Tesla and uh maybe the the GM
Bolts might be one that gets into that
price range as well, but other than
that, the the amount of vehicles that
that hit this price point are very
small. So, they're going to be able to
sell everything they bring in. In fact,
we made a post uh in our ex account that
said, "Listen, if you're on the fence or
if you're thinking about this, don't
wait too long because I have a feeling
that they're going to run out."
&gt;&gt; It's entirely possible. Uh that many,
it's a good number, but the total 49,000
represents what, less than one or two%
of Canadian auto sales.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; So, it's not like it's a huge number. Uh
it is a fairly large country. Yes, it is
mostly populated by moose, but uh other
than that uh but and who knows what they
drive, honestly. So, we've got a lot to
&gt;&gt; I believe the beavers drive the moose.
So,
&gt;&gt; I think that's how that's what the
handles are for the handlers.
I'm pretty sure that's how it works.
That's why beavers are so dex dextrous.
Yeah. So on this, we did have a couple
other little things to cover. There is
uh Oops, I've got one out of order here.
I think this is the one that's out of
order.
Uh they did list the wrong 0 to 100
time.
&gt;&gt; Exactly. It was off by a second. Uh and
and that of course u spurred speculation
that is this a new model that we haven't
seen yet? Is this something with a
different motor? Uh, or is the But it
turns out, it's not any different than
the previous version that they were
selling. It's just that they have a typo
in their uh advertising literature on
the web.
&gt;&gt; Yes. So, it is the LFP battery model 3.
Good news, you can charge it to 100
without risking degradation the same way
you could with an NMC or NCA battery.
the high nickel batteries that are
manufactured in Reno. So, this is not
disappointing to me. But then again, I
wasn't looking 0 to 60 and 5.2.
For reference, the Viper was at 4.9. So,
this is almost Viper fast for $29,000.
&gt;&gt; Yeah,
&gt;&gt; that's kind of a bargain. Uh, I think it
doesn't rumble your guts the same way.
But, uh, if that's what you're looking
for, for less than the cost of the gas
guzzler tax that that car would have
incurred you, you could put a sound
system in that would just break up your
kidney stones.
You're saving money is what's going on.
Is there uh in terms of other
manufacturers, is there anyone you think
could actually move units under that
price point in the first half of the
year?
&gt;&gt; No, I don't think there is. I I think
that the problem with the others that
that want to get involved in this uh
when it comes to Chinese manufacturers,
they just don't have that sales network.
They have been working on it. There's
there's people actively looking for
locations, possibly signing some leases,
but at this point, it's just um too
early uh for them to have uh actually
put these networks in place. And it's
not just the sales network. Keep in
mind, they're going to have to be
covering warranties. So, they're going
to need parts. They're going to be
distribution. Uh and these are things
that uh you know, you can't u magically
have them appear overnight. You've got
you've got to do some planning.
&gt;&gt; All true. Now, I understand that over
the coming years that 49,000 increases.
&gt;&gt; That's right. Uh over the 5-year term of
this deal, uh it will get up to close to
70,000 per year. So, what I hear you
saying is Tesla will sell probably
49,000 this year and next year Tesla
will still sell 49,000, but somebody
else will sell the other couple thousand
is probably what's going to happen.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, I think so. In fact, there are
rumors now that that Tesla has even
shipped from Shanghai already, that some
of these ships are on their way to
arrive on the west coast of Canada, as
other ships are coming from Giga Berlin
and dropping off Model Y's on the east
coast of Canada in Hellifax, Nova
Scotia.
&gt;&gt; So roughly Winnipeg is where they meet.
I'm guessing that's
&gt;&gt; that's about the middle of the country.
Yes,
&gt;&gt; that's I'm pretty sure as it was
explained to me by my I went up to visit
friends in Canada in Victoria when I was
16 and uh his dad explained that uh if
Canada had an enema the plug would be in
Winnipeg. So, um I don't know if that's
true. I've never been. I've never heard
much about it.
&gt;&gt; That's an interesting way to put it.
Yeah.
&gt;&gt; I No offense to my viewers in Winnipeg.
Uh, I might have one. Who knows? If
you're in Winnipeg, let us know in the
comments. My apologies in advance.
That's not my words. It's the words of a
uh old man who's certainly passed by
now. Uh, so what we were saying is that
what we know is that the Model Y's have
been shipping from Berlin. They
originally shipped from the US, then
from China, then from the US again, and
then they shifted to Berlin
&gt;&gt; to uh because there are no tariffs on
those vehicles from Berlin.
&gt;&gt; Does that mean that uh we're probably
going to continue seeing Berlin made
Model Y's and Chinese-made Model 3s?
&gt;&gt; Uh because of the uh the amounts are
limited from China, I believe that Giga
Berlin is wide open to ship as many
model wise as they can. So, or that have
been purchased. So, that is probably is
going to be the way it's it's continuing
to go.
&gt;&gt; In terms of this price point that you're
seeing, 40,000, there's just not a lot
of EVs in that range. Correct.
&gt;&gt; There's not a Are there are there cars
in that range? Like, if someone was
looking for a $40,000 Canadian car? I
mean, what are you looking at?
&gt;&gt; The the options are low uh with a
$40,000 car. Um there are some available
from different brands, but they're
generally introductory um models, uh
base models, and of course, uh you're
hard to to look at the the Model 3
Premium, compare that to other
entrylevel vehicles, and it beats it in
all accounts. So, this is something that
uh I believe a lot of people that have
been looking and hearing that these
other cars are coming. I think a lot of
them are going to jump on this.
&gt;&gt; Mhm. So, that means more good numbers
are expected. We saw Colombia. Tesla's
number one for the last two months with
the Model Y. Not among EVs, among all
cars. Colombia is not the wealthiest of
nations. There must have been some
insane pent-up demand. We saw worldwide
the top best sellers for March. The
report card was Model Y number one and
Model 3 number two. That's just for EVs
though. But the Model 3 is having quite
a strong showing. And when you add
Canada back into that mix with what
would you say a year or or longer of
pent-up demand, that is going to likely
result in a pretty strong quarter for
Tesla in Q2 and probably Q3. I happened
to visit a Tesla dealership just the
other day in uh Bmpton, Ontario, and
they were the the sales representatives
there were telling me that it's just a
stream of people coming in and and I
could see it with my own eyes as these
people were just coming in inquiring
about the Model 3. uh all of them uh
were at that time uh inquiring about
this new offer and uh they were saying
uh the sales representatives were saying
that it's it's been a stream since the
announcement
&gt;&gt; and the beauty of a Tesla sales center
is that it can operate much more
efficiently than a dealership. You don't
have the 6h hour 8 hour hard sell um you
place an order, you figure it out on
your app and then you pick it up.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. If you if you'd like instruction,
if you've never owned a Tesla before,
I'd strongly encourage you to allow them
to instruct you on the operation of the
vehicle. There's some little things in
there that are not intuitive. Uh I of
course didn't need that. I made a event
out of it with my viewers. Uh and I
scheduled it for a date that was already
having an event at that location with
the owners club. Made it magical. It was
really fun. And of course with the
people saying that no one will ever buy
a Tesla again, we're seeing the numbers,
they're stronger than expected in most
markets. Um the Chinese competition has
arrived not as strongly as the Chinese
competitors might have hoped. Uh and
when it comes to margin, no one else is
beating it quite the way Tesla is. And
again, only half these cars have to be
under that price range,
&gt;&gt; right? So, do you think we might see a
YL L in Canada?
&gt;&gt; Yes, it's a that's a great question. Um,
obviously with them being made in
Shanghai uh already, I think that that's
a possibility, but again, I think
Tesla's trying to get straightened out
as to first this this batch and of
course that's going to take away from
the total that overall that they can
import into the country from China. So,
it might be a longer wait than some are
willing to to hope it would be better uh
faster, but I I think that there there
might be a bit of a delay before the L
gets here.
&gt;&gt; I think the delay is they'll time it to
coincide with a US release. The price I
don't think is the concern because it
would be in the half of cars that's over
uh because it doesn't have to average
out to 35,000 Canadian import price.
&gt;&gt; They just have to be below it by a
dollar. Uh, and then you know, and they
could, if they want to get silly, sell
it for a hundred grand. There are early
adopters who would buy it just to be the
first in North America to have the Y L,
but I don't think they'll do that. It's
a fun idea, but
&gt;&gt; let me ask this, Brian. Uh, have you
looked up recently on the US website as
to how much a Model 3 rear wheel drive
premium is being charged for?
&gt;&gt; I have not. I have not. Have you?
&gt;&gt; No. Oh, I just thought of that now.
&gt;&gt; Well, let me let me do that real quick.
Let's see. Premium rear wheel drive is
42490.
So, you know, it's 13 grand more than in
Canada.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, that's uh that's something you do
not see typically in Canadian and
American pricing.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, but it is 0.3 seconds quicker. 0
to 60. You know what? It's less than
that because your number is 0 to 62.
0 to 100 is 0 to 62. So, this is
probably 0.2 seconds quicker uh for the
same amount of car
&gt;&gt; and over $10,000.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Yeah. What a bargain.
&gt;&gt; Exactly.
&gt;&gt; Making me jealous is what it's doing.
&gt;&gt; Anything we're failing to discuss about
the Model 3 sales in Canada? Again, I'll
tell people that uh in Canada, if you're
thinking about ordering this, I would
get on it now because as I said earlier,
I don't think it's going to last
forever. Uh you wouldn't want to miss
the boat if this is something that
you're after.
&gt;&gt; How long are the delivery wait times?
&gt;&gt; Well, uh they're being pushed back uh
every day. So, it started uh where they
were going to be available in June and
now I'm hearing that it's being pushed
into October. So, there's been a
significant push on the amount of
vehicles that are going to have to be
shipped here.
&gt;&gt; Wow. That's I think they just I think
they're going to need a bigger boat.
&gt;&gt; Yep.
&gt;&gt; Guys, in the comments, what did we miss?
What did we misunderstand? What did I
forget to ask Mark? Uh do me a favor.
Head over to the Tesla Life. I can kind
of see a finger there. Uh the Tesla
Life. They do a live show every
Wednesday at 400 p.m. Pacific, 7:00 p.m.
Eastern. It's a whole lot of fun with
friends Casey and Patrick. They cover
the news. Um and uh you know, actually
read the chat unlike many many shows. I
don't know why someone wouldn't do that.
It's very weird to me. Everybody else,
you know, like, subscribe, do all that
good stuff. I do have a graphic for that
I can share with you because it's so
good. If you've made it this far, you
can make it another minute because this
is hilarious. I asked uh, you know,
Grock for a super exciting cinematic,
maybe add some lightning subscribe
button with a semi in it. And because
it's Grock, it said, "Hey, man. You want
me to animate it?" And I was like, "Oh,
honey, are you kidding me? I would love
that."
&gt;&gt; Wow.
So there you go, guys. If that's your re
if that's not reason enough alone to
subscribe, I don't know what we're even
doing here. So guys, uh yeah, leave it
in the comments and I'll talk to you
guys soon.
Anything we're failing to discuss on the
Model 3 sales in China?
Anything we're failing to Oh, no. Here,
I'll try that again.