Channel:     brighterwithherbert
Title:       SpaceX Just Revealed Something No One Expected
URL:         https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vq52cFfXRDg
Published:   2026-06-10 18:30 UTC
Fetched:     2026-06-10 19:00 UTC

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

What's expected to be the biggest IPO in
history is happening Friday, and the
question everyone is asking is, should I
invest? Elon Musk just released a video
of him being interviewed by SpaceX
executives, and there were several
mind-blowing new information they
shared. Everything, it seems, is bigger
and better than what most were
expecting. First, the Terra Fab has been
revealed to be expected to be around 100
million square ft. This would make it 10
times larger than the Tesla Giga Texas
factory. At one terowatt per year, that
would be double the entire electricity
consumption of the US. Second, for the
first time, SpaceX officially unveiled
the first generation of its AI
satellite. And it's a doozy at 70 m
long. When deployed, that would be the
same size as the wingspan of a Boeing
7478. Surprisingly, Elon said the AI
satellite is actually much simpler than
a Starlink satellite and that a lot of
this is technology they've already made
with the Starlink V3 satellites. SpaceX
presentation just blew up most forecast
and now we might see AI data centers up
with more capacity than expected sooner
than later. So, should you invest?
That's a question we'll discuss today. A
new Morning Star report says they think
SpaceX is only worth half of its IPO
price. I guess we'll find out starting
Friday. We got Joe Bacti here with us
today. He's an economist, investor, and
tech entrepreneur. He has a YouTube
channel covering both Tesla and AGI.
Check out his website and community at
pioneerlands.org. Welcome, Joe.
&gt;&gt; Good to be back.
&gt;&gt; You've been following and you've done
your own research on space-based AI data
centers as uh a number of folks did. I
just interviewed um Aaron Bernett of
Mach 33. They had the most uh
comprehensive uh business modeling of
SpaceX and they were trying to be as
conservative as possible and I can
already see after this presentation that
Elon did in SpaceX, they shared their
actual plans and it's blowing everyone
away. It's a lot more bigger, faster,
better than anyone expected as sometimes
Elon is able to accomplish. So, it was a
30inut interview with Elon and I've got
that um published on my channel as well.
It was filmed at SpaceX Starlink
terminal factory in Bastrop, Texas by
some of the engineering leads. They were
asking him questions and him sharing it.
One of the biggest uh revelation was the
Terra app. So, this is a joint project
between Tesla and SpaceX and it is
massive 100 million square feet which is
10 times larger than Tesla's Giga Texas
factory. 10 times larger in and g the
Giga Texas factory was supposed to be
it's like the largest building in all of
the United States. I think it's only
smaller than the Boeing factory here in
Washington state. 1 terowatt per year.
If when they get to terapab output of 1
terowatt per year, that is double the
entire annual US consumption of
electricity right now.5 terowatts. So
this is massive. Let's listen. And to
give you a sense of scale here, uh we
expect that the Terrafab is going to be
around 100 million square feet, uh which
is 10 times the size of the uh the Tesla
Gigafactory Texas.
&gt;&gt; And what aside from just, you know, I'm
going to need Starship pointtooint to
get from one end to the other. Aside
from just the size, what's going to make
this unique, different from any other
chip building operation on the planet?
&gt;&gt; Well, I think over time there's going to
be a lot of technology evolution with
the Terra Fab, but fundamentally it's
about scale. So even if there were no uh
fundamental technology breakthroughs
and and you simply you you could simply
scale uh the existing chipm technology u
with a lot of difficulty uh to a
terowatt of chip output per year. Um
that's you if you look at it just from
the logic die standpoint that's uh
that's equivalent that's like having a
billion chips per year with a a kilowatt
pericle. So a billion full radical
equivalent chips uh each doing a
kilowatt and then you're going to need a
lot of memory to
&gt;&gt; by the way he said that you'll need a
lot of memory. So maybe micro stock will
keep going up but they they're they're
limited. I bet you Tesla will have to
create their own memory. Well that this
is the chip is everything built in by
the way including memory right that so
they're not going to be limited by them.
Well, when it comes to SpaceX, it's kind
of a conundrum
so far to me how how to invest in it
because on one side, it is very clear
this is the most hyped IPO ever and the
biggest
&gt;&gt; which is not good in my opinion. So, the
odds that it's getting hyped goes to 2.5
trillion quickly and then falls is just
very high just on a pure psychology
momentum thing, right? At the same time,
we are hoping to conclude our work on
our valuation model. I'm still tweaking
because I can't believe the numbers, but
I mean, it could be that this is
actually vastly undervalued, this
company. And that puts me in a
interesting spot. I I'm highly convinced
the stock is going to drop after getting
pumped because of dynamics and momentum.
At the same time, it might be that it's
dramatically undervalued. And on top of
being dramatically undervalued on a
discounted cash flow basis, if you look
like forward,
what's also very interesting is that the
path to scaled super cash flow is super
tight and fast.
So, it's all totally nuts. And what is
nuts about this company is that it
completely breaks everything we know
about normal companies and scurves and
economics because it has the Starink
business which scales to probably a
trillion revenue pretty easily and
straightforward. It's a completely
superior product. It's completely out in
the open. The only constraint is they
need more satellites and that constraint
is being removed constantly more and
more. So they are just going to scale
this. They're going to scale it to a
trillion revenue. That gives you enough
kind of buffer for the big thing. And
the big thing are AI satellites. And I
said it in November when I first covered
this. People don't understand that this
is not complicated. They think it's some
pie in the sky thing. And now Elon
presented the whole thing. And I said, I
I told you it's not complicated. And my
initial numbers were actually a little
higher, the cost and transport kilogram
numbers than the real numbers. I was I
buil in a buffer and I said this might
happen by 2028 at scale and now Elon
said the most important thing he said
because when people talk about Luna mass
accelerator mass cities all kinds of
stuff I'm thinking I don't care about
this stuff it's fine it's going to
happen but it doesn't help the stock at
all because this is just fantasy it's
long term what I'm interested in is next
year what happens next year and Elon
said and of course people are now going
to Joe, you're stupid. Elon's always
wrong, blah, blah. I wouldn't be so sure
here because he's right that these
satellites are easier than staling
satellites. And guess what? They have
10,000 Starling satellites. They know
how to build these things. And look at
the satellite. It's easy. It's a wreck
of Nvidia. It's a radiator. I told
everyone they're not going to be so
large. They have a plan and they have
the solar panels. That's it. And Elon
said 1 gawatt in space end of next year
and the year after 10 gawatt. So if that
is true, it's so game over. You can't
even imagine it. This is an infinite
money printing machine if you assume
that we need infinite compute. But
that's something I clearly assume.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, I think we do.
&gt;&gt; And so,
you know, it it doesn't matter how you
turn it. Uh it's crazy.
So it's a very fascinating situation. I
think it's just
&gt;&gt; yeah let's uh share the for the very
first time they then shared what is the
SpaceX AI satellites. They have a
wingspan of 70 m when deployed. Uh a
Boeing 7478 has a wingspan of 68 m. So
they're pretty well as the same size.
Here's a nice photo here. Thank you to
Nick Cruz Patane. Here's a Boeing 7478.
And this is the AI satellite. They
shared it. They showed you what it looks
like. Here's what it looks like compared
to the Starlink V3. But the point you
were making is they already make
Starlink V2s and V3s. They already know
how to do this. And this is an AI
satellite. So, it's bigger. In fact,
being bigger is actually easier
according to Elon. Um, uh, you know,
it's the first generation 150 kilowatt
peak compute payload. I don't know these
numbers. 70 kilowatt per ton. You can
read the the specs, the dimensions, the
thermal system, the solar power, the
architecture here. But this is what he
said. The EI satellite is much simpler
than a Starling satellite. Um, let's
listen to this.
&gt;&gt; And to give you a sense of scale here,
uh, we expect
&gt;&gt; Yeah, before we go there, I think we saw
it.
&gt;&gt; Uh, the more challenging part is
figuring out how to get how do you get
the power for it. Uh and and that's
where a lot of what we've worked on for
existing like Starwing technology, the
solar arrays um
are what we want to utilize uh that
expertise to to be able to build a
satellite that can actually launch the
critical components of the data center
into space itself. Um
we like to look at this and say like
what is what is the actual engineering
problem here? and and it's it's really a
combination of delivering power and then
taking the waste heat and energy away
and sending it into the vacuum of space
as you mentioned.
&gt;&gt; This is our AI1 if you guys want to walk
us through.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. So, so the first thing that we're
we're really looking at here is like
first you've got to make something
compelling uh right and and we thought
that the right place to start is uh
around the 150 kilowatt like peak power
level. Um, but as we look at the
workloads with with our experience with
XAI, uh, we get to actually see the that
we can also support about 120 kilowatts
of average compute. There's a
difference.
&gt;&gt; Yes. What we're showing here is kind of
a a draft version of the version one of
the of the SpaceX AI satellite, an AI1,
I guess you could call it. Um and uh
seems like a reasonable place to start
is 150 kW peak power, 120 kW sustained
power. And um and to give you a sense of
what does that actually look like in
terms of the size of the radiators, size
of the solar panels, um the assumptions
here are 250 watts per square meter for
the solar array and um about 1,400 watts
per square meter for the radiators. So
the radiators, these are double-sided
radiators are radiating both sides.
They're uh oriented knife edge to the
sun and uh and and it's 1400 watts per
square meter is a very achievable goal.
Over time, we think we could probably do
above 250 watts per square meter and
above 1400 watts per square meter for
the uh solar panels and radiators
respectively. Um but this gives you like
a this is pretty much what the
satellite's going to look like. It's a
lot of solar panels, radiator, and then
everything else is pretty small by
comparison.
&gt;&gt; And these are like evolutions of of
things that we have actually already
launched in in in our Starling
constellation to date.
&gt;&gt; That's that's really I think the the
cool part to me is that we're we're
looking at solar technology that we
already are are going to use on on the
V3 uh Starlink vehicle. So, uh I I'm
like really excited to then just take
those and make it bigger.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Part of what we want what we want
to convey here is that this there's not
some um magic that's necessary that
doesn't exist for the AI satellites. Uh
as Ian said, this is a lot of this is u
technology we've already made for the
Starink B3 satellites.
&gt;&gt; Great. Same technology. So,
&gt;&gt; I mean, yeah, I yeah, I I don't know. I
think a lot of people I the interesting
thing here is I said it first when I saw
the Fidelity Fidelity head of private
markets or something uh talk about it.
What's very fascinating here is you have
this company that kind of breaks reality
in a crazy way, right? This is a company
that might open up the first market
where you just have infinity scale. you
can just create infinite money. And
normally you would expect people not to
understand that because it's weird. Uh
but when you watch Ron Baron, when you
even see Fidelity, everyone seems to
understand it. So this is like breaking
my reality a little bit. Like how is it
possible? We have this new company that
just goes to space and can scale
endlessly and everyone kind of
understands it. So it's a I think we are
entering like some form of new reality
which is very interesting and I mean of
course not everyone understands but a
surprising number of people kind of
understand that this is a this is just a
paradigm shift
&gt;&gt; and the skepticism is much lower than
with Tesla for example even though the b
the business is infinitely larger. So
it's a very interesting situation. We
we'll cover Morning Star who thinks that
the SpaceX stock should be half the
price of its IPO based on their
understanding. So you know there are
people who are looking at this with
skeptical eyes. Um but on the other hand
I think one of the premiums should be
that there's no one else that can do
this. So the question is can these guys
do this? But if they can do it it's
really the market is all to themselves
and you're seeing Google line up to
rent. Anthropic came out and said that
we do want those AI that satellites.
We'll talk about that when they come
available two years from now. We're not
thinking about it now, but we would want
to be available for that. So, they're
the only game in town. So, if it works
out okay so other than the AI satellite,
the next thing is also the solar and uh
even that look at look at these terapabs
but also the
&gt;&gt; to give you a sense of scale here. Uh we
expect that the terrafab is going to be
around 100 million square feet. Okay,
that's the terra fab. Um, take this one.
&gt;&gt; Uh, yes, we're going to, in fact, we
already have the solar manufacturing
facility. It's under construction
already. And, uh,
and then we will be building out the
AISAT production building soon. Um and
uh yeah so we expect to have the this
theat production the solar production um
and uh all of that operating at some
reasonable volume by the end of next
year.
&gt;&gt; So if anybody wants to work on a AI
satellites this is kind of going to
become the hub of that. We're also so I
mean like right behind us the machines
are humming. We're still making all of
our user terminals for Starlink here.
That's not going anywhere. In fact,
we're turning on new production lines
for new units, right?
&gt;&gt; Uh yes. Um in fact, these are the new
Star Stallink terminals uh which we made
in much higher volume than than the
current uh terminals. Um you know,
ultimately we think there's probably
going to be a few hundred million
Starink terminals out there. And then
our the Starlink direct to cell
constellation will um connect directly
to people's cell phones and enable uh
high bandwidth communication directly
from your phone to space.
&gt;&gt; All right, we're
&gt;&gt; So they're making it sound like uh boy,
they made progress already with the ASAT
factory, the solar factory. Here's the
Starlink terminals he was pointing out
uh which will be made in higher volumes
than the current terminals. We will
ultimately make a few hundred million
Starlink terminals out there. This is
the nextG versions of them. They don't
have the specs yet, but it's a little
bit more rounded off. This is the
version. So, they've designed the
Starling terminal. Like you said, it's
already out there and it's already
happening. The Starship will be aiming
to get go from 2,500 tons to orbit to
millions of tons a year in orbit. We
think we can get a million tons of orbit
in about a 3 years. And you can see
here, here's the date, 2028. So, I think
2028 is still right the date when we're
going to be able to get AI satellites
out there or what were you saying? Do
you think it might come sooner like next
year?
&gt;&gt; No, he said he said end of next year 1
gawatt in space. That's crazy.
&gt;&gt; Is that is that too um
&gt;&gt; No, I did the math on it.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; Uh it's definitely possible. Uh I forgot
the numbers. I have to look it up again.
I think you need like a 100 flights or
50 flight 50 or 100 I think 100 was my
number and 50 was their number. So if
you get to a 50 flights that's not very
hard 50 Starship flights right because
they already have 10 flights this year
or something with cargo. So it's
completely conceivable that they get to
50 and then I think because I had
calculated a 100 flights or something.
Um, but they basically cut all my uh
mass and everything in half because I I
was conservative in my estimate. So now
that we actually have the actual
numbers, it's roughly half. So I have to
look it up again, but roughly something
like this. So it's ambitious, but given
Starship's, you know, activity, it's
totally possible
&gt;&gt; that by next year there'll be some
versions of AI satellites already going.
A gigawatt. A gigawatt is a lot by the
way.
&gt;&gt; Here's what he said about success of
starship
&gt;&gt; through that it's necessary to make life
multilanetary
as well as to ascend the cadesev scale.
You you simply cannot ascend the cartef
scale unless you have a re reusable
spacecraft and you cannot extend life uh
to the moon to Mars and rest of the
solar system without a reusable rocket.
Um the cost is simply prohibitive. You
you can't you can't make enough rockets.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. uh unless you fly unless you can
refly them. Uh just like any other mode
of transport, you can imagine that if uh
if we had to throw away airplanes every
time we flew, uh flying would be far too
expensive and basically no one would be
flying airplanes.
&gt;&gt; You're doing a whole lot more driving.
Rapid reusability.
&gt;&gt; Yes.
&gt;&gt; Um every mode of transport is reusable.
Um without which is simply not viable as
as a transport uh system. Uh so cars,
planes, boats, horses, bicycles are all
obviously reusable.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; Um with rockets, it's much harder to
make a rocket reusable because Earth has
a deep gravity well and a thick
atmosphere. Um and these make it just
barely possible to achieve reusability
with a rocket. Um and there have been,
you know, many prior attempts to
create a re a fully reusable rocket. Um,
and they most of those attempts have
been abandoned partway through because
they they didn't think they could
succeed. Uh, in order to achieve full
reusability, everything's got to be
perfect. The engines, the structure, the
avionics, um, the choice of propellant,
uh,
you've got you've got to go to extreme
measures for mass optimization, which is
why we have the tower catch the rocket
instead of putting on landing legs,
which are heavy. uh the the rocket can
simply be caught by the tower and we
haven't achieved full reusability yet
but we do expect to achieve that
hopefully later this year with Starship
and then you you've got to achieve full
reusability then you've also you got to
go step beyond that which is um make it
rapidly reusable such that
&gt;&gt; the rocket lands gets caught by the
tower gets put back on the launch stand
and can be flown again without any
refurbishment or laborious inspection
like an aircraft. Yeah.
&gt;&gt; Um, this is incredibly difficult. This
is the first time that there's ever been
a rocket where that is possible. That's
what makes Starship so profound. I it it
also happens to be the the largest
flying object ever made, the heaviest
flying object ever made,
&gt;&gt; the most powerful moving object of any
kind. Starship B3 is more than double
the thrust of it. the Saturn 5 moon
rocket. Uh by version four, we'll be
pretty much three times the thrust of a
Saturn 5 moon rocket. And we expect this
we expect Starship to be flying um more
than once per hour down.
&gt;&gt; Wow. More than once per hour. So, uh
it's all about time frame. So, we saw
Starship V3 successful launch a couple
of weeks ago. Now, he's now they're
they're talking like it's a done deal.
It's pretty close. And so you're
confident that by next year 2027,
&gt;&gt; there will be maybe 50 flights of
Starship. Uh they already have 10 of
these Starships. So he was saying that
even if last couple weeks ago was a
total failure, uh they would they've got
a several lined up anyways.
&gt;&gt; It wasn't even a failure, by the way.
They delivered all the styling
satellites. So uh also when I do the
math, um these are experimental flights
kind of and Starship cannot be reused
right now, but they're very close to
making it happen. And it doesn't matter
if you manufacture 50 starships and you
lose them all. So what? You still have
50 times 150 tons to orbit because they
have payload and they deliver the
payload. That's what they did in V13. So
people should not overestimate this
whole Starship reusability issue. You
can do everything without reusability.
You just
&gt;&gt; right this year. Not you don't
necessarily need to solve reusability
next year.
&gt;&gt; Exactly. Of course you need to
&gt;&gt; three years. Four years. Yeah. But when
you look at the vast economic advantages
of Starship, if you don't reuse it, even
because it's so large, it brings down
cost to orbit by 5x if you reuse the
booster five times and don't reuse
Starship. So compared to Falcon. So it's
already below a,000 bucks. It's close to
500 depending how you compute. So this
is all very interesting and of course
you can lose a little bit of money with
your AI satellites for the first
gigawatt. Who cares? Because this is all
a curve, right? you start delivering it.
You're testing all your flights, but
while you test, you already deliver all
these satellites and I think it's just
crazy. I mean we are putting together
this bigger model because you need kind
of a master model of the future which
also takes into consideration AGI the
LLM progress the harness progress
because that is the question if you need
infinite compute is the product there
that's anthropic openi gro cursor like
can they actually deploy intelligence
economically sound but everything points
in the direction that the answer is yes
because they already have a scaling they
they already supply constraint they're
not demand constraint anthropic and open
and so on. So if you if you see
continued advancements in AGI
just a little bit more even if the model
uh progress would flatten out you have
all the harnessing it's not even used
the model power in terms of enterprise
value and labor replacement. So if that
just continues even at half the speed we
see now we are done by next year for
infinite demand effectively for
replacing our labor then you have a
total compute constraint and that means
all compute you deliver it just gets
turned into massive amounts of dollars
because it's like so valuable and if
that's the case
you know there is this someone said
something very smart about Elon who was
I forgot uh that Elon's strength is that
he can has this first principle future
design thing that he understands how the
future looks like. I don't think that's
super complicated if you're reasonably
smart, but he does then something that
no one else really did so far. He can
connect this future vision that is
correct, correctly simulated and strings
up like a bunch of pearls and each pearl
is like a trillion dollar business model
that works now, not in the future. That
is the magic trick. Envisioning the
future correctly is kind of easy in my
opinion. Not everyone can do it, but I
think it's easy. The hard part is to
then line up the trillion dollar pearls
that immediately out of the gate work
like Tesla Model Y and Model 3 money
printing machines. 40 billion on the
balance sheet. Now, Starink super cash
flow cash cow, you know, printing tens
of billions and soon hundreds of
billions in cash flow, then adding the
compute thing, which is completely nuts.
Then you just print infinity trillions.
Then you build the lunar thing which
just boosts that functioning core core
business model and that is the magic of
Elon. It's not just the future vision
but can you engineer the pathway to that
vision with infinity cash flow and
that's a good skill to have and we just
see it in action now. It's crazy that
they have Starink printing the money
while they are also launching orbital AI
and that thing will kick in in earnest.
That is my projection in 2028 like where
you see billions and tens of billions of
free cash flow from that already
&gt;&gt; and then it's just totally unhinged.
Then you can just I mean this is a crazy
business model. you know
when you said when you said for Tesla
the most important thing is FSD does it
work and if it does everything's already
you know you can see the cyber cab you
can see the scaling you can see all that
will then scale and you can calculate
but it does it work in SpaceX equivalent
it's Starship does Starship work because
if you can send that big massive you
know vehicle up
&gt;&gt; well the only problem is that it's no
problem the problem is it does already
work
&gt;&gt; no that's my point So now that one you
they've already you know people don't
realize it but that was a critical step
and now that if you can remove that risk
then you go and say star link is not a
risk it's already out there and then
they've improved it and you can already
at this point pretty pretty confidently
map out how much money you just you know
named a few numbers there then the AI
satellite that one is at risk we don't
know if that's going to work but they
said it's similar technology is what
we're doing with V3 that gives us some
&gt;&gt; look at if you when you look at I said
this
in your mind easy and you now you see
the design like what exactly do you
think can go wrong?
&gt;&gt; Right. Right. It's it's it's not as
risky as people initially were saying
six months ago and but then you know
he's Elon's very he's known for being a
little too aggressive. He says it'll be
out there in 2027. Well, give it another
year or two. Okay, fine. But even then
my point is take a look at the key
points. Okay, there are people let's go
through this morning star who does who
thinks that SpaceX IPO is too overvalued
and this is great. you should have both
sides of the story. Uh they think that
SpaceX should only be valued at $63
instead of $135
per share. It's a 53% discount to the
upcoming IPO's offering price. Um giving
SpaceX, even if you give them the
benefit of the doubt in several key
forecasts, only the most optimistic
moonshot scenario approaches the IPO
offering price is what they're saying.
Nicholas Owens uh posted this and um
let's see uh two of the in two and even
if you give him a lot of benefit doubt
in two of the three scenarios in which
we assume the company can achieve a
rapidly reusable Starship rocket
enabling multiple launches per week and
successfully commercializing data center
in space neither of these engineering
problems has been solved and we don't
expect them until at least 2028. Okay.
In our most optimistic moonshot
scenario, the company would be worth
$154 a share. That's 14% above the
offering price and level the shares
might even reach in the shorter term
after the public launch. Da da da da da.
So, uh, we give this a seven% chance of
happening. So this is their analysis and
then they walk through their building
blocks for a fair value estimate
and then um you know they basically give
their analysis of how much they sp this
sounds so similar to Tesla you know the
car business is worth all of this but
all the other businesses I'll give it
very tiny little tiny almost zero
amounts right so
&gt;&gt; I mean I don't even want to lie like
when I do my modeling like I am a DCF
person. I believe the the way to value
any business is through discounted
future cash flow models because that's
the only way to do it intelligently
because it allows you to see or to model
what do I believe will happen in the
future and at what time in the future at
what discount rate then you put in your
things and then you get it. Nearly none
of these analysts do that. They all do
multiplebased
right they say well this industry has
this multiple and this is might be the
evident and and that doesn't work if you
have a disruptive company you need to
actually model out what's likely to
happen so I would like to see their
model and see where they get to but for
our viewers the important message is
that is exactly why
like most investors are not that smart
in the market who are like some are very
smart but the majority is not that like
they're not paying attention that's why
I'm saying despite believing that
spacing is very likely extremely
undervalued at two trillion that the
stock will drop because you will have
this period of time where they don't do
these things in 2026. They won't they
won't launch any orbit satellites
obviously. They will do it mid of 2027
or something and then we'll be a little
bit. So you need to have your simulator
head on and be right. That's fine. I
think I I am right. But everyone else is
not going to do that. And then we will
have FUD attacks like these guys and
they will be more serious severe once
the stock shows weakness because this is
more like a lions or something. It's not
rational. They say, "Oh, it's a weak
deer. Let's all say it's it's it's bad."
And that it's a purely tactical
opportunistic perspective that I have on
the short term. I just think the odds
that this thing goes above two trillion
is very high short short term after IPO.
And the odds that it drops to probably
1.5 trillion is also extremely high
before in by December. Now I would never
short this thing because you I mean
there are million rabbits in the hat,
right? I mean terrestrial compute they
might close more deals colossuses. I
mean this is an insane company. So you
have to be don't short it. I'm just
saying I don't need to buy it right now.
So because morning star these people
they will come out again and say stupid
things and then if the market is a
little weak and scared people get
scared. So you know how I think about
forcing functions. The reinforcing
function will be stalling once it's
bigger because it's still too small to
really move the needle. It has to grow a
little bit more to really push the cash
flow towards this valuation which is
obvious it will but still and then
orbiti right now for weak minds is like
well it doesn't exist so
this will all take 18 months or
something before it's undeniably
much more valuable than it is at two
trillion. And so these 18 months are a
high-risk phase especially the middle of
these 18 months right so December that's
I think the main the the the key weak
weak spot of SpaceX will be probably
August to January or something that's
where I have the most air gap concerns
from a market psychology perspective
that people really
&gt;&gt; I think it's the mo the weakest would be
December to June of next year and the
reason is that from now till December
there's a lot of uh stairst step
shareholders able to sell but then
there's the IPOs that are the indexes
able to buy. Now unfortunately S&amp;P said
we're not going to allow uh any changes
in our system so that we can let SpaceX
go be included in the S&amp;P until
December. Initially everybody thought
that they were going to change it so
that they'll be included in December.
Now it's not till June next year. Maybe
if that's the case that December to June
there's no no massive index buying then
and that's where I think you're right
there's they're not going to have
anything to show there's no AI data
center yet
&gt;&gt; actually I would say between let's say
somewhere between July and July I I
think more in 2026 and 2027 but maybe
you're right because I think in two
because I think this whole AI story is
just going to be exponentially more
insane
&gt;&gt; even end of the Well, they have to
prove. So when is the very first AI data
satellite going to go up?
&gt;&gt; If they do it in January, February,
March of next year, then okay, they can
save it, right?
&gt;&gt; But if that's all delayed, which is of
course Tesla, we have the Tesla
situation that is also like the merger
situation and Tesla has robo taxi and
Optimus. So I mean this is a highly
complicated question. I'm just saying um
&gt;&gt; yeah, we don't know,
&gt;&gt; you know, on a pure SpaceX level. I see
let's say the the peak weakness
probability is December and then going
from there like it might be March next
year or maybe October this year who
knows but you know it's between the IPO
and one year later where it will look
very strong. That's what I think in June
2027 going forward it will start looking
&gt;&gt; in between it's going to go up and down
and maybe even fall lower than the price
the stock price. Yeah. Okay. interesting
times. But I mean, I think I can't even
I'm getting too excited about this
stuff. But I think the level of insanity
we are entering into as a civilization
is cannot be overstated. This is nuts.
Like if you go on claw design, claw
code, codeex, all these things and see
what these things can do and see the
incremental improvement month by month
and then you understand whatever
happens. We already beyond AGI in my
opinion potential, right? if you build
the harness and everything and then you
understand this is all about compute
because if even if if even if these
things only have an IQ of 130 or
something right now and would stop with
infinite compute you would have infinite
130 IQ brains in like billions do you
know what that does
&gt;&gt; even just that is enough is good enough
to change the world as to what you're
saying
&gt;&gt; so it's really about compute and then
you connect the dots there is just no
scenario where SpaceX does not get us to
infinity compute It's just the time. Is
it 2027 where this all starts or 2028?
This when you think about what that
means, that's such a ridiculous
question. Like, who cares if it's one
year delayed and it won't be one year.
&gt;&gt; Starship success is what what is really
banks on. Wow. Thank you so much, Joe.
Thank you for uh giving us that feedback
and insight. Follow Joe on his uh
website, pioneerlands.org.
Thanks, everybody.
&gt;&gt; Thank you. I've created a website that
is the most comprehensive resource for
the Tesla investor. Please check it out.
Simply go to my website at herdomm.com.