Channel:     jobhakdi
Title:       I Am Betting $1M on Tesla And AI Stocks - Here is WHY and HOW
URL:         https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=d1Q4I-1E0xo
Published:   2026-04-21 00:00 UTC
Fetched:     2026-04-21 21:00 UTC

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

AI is changing the world in a way no one
could have anticipated even a few years
ago. And I am in the business of
investing in AI stocks. And over the
last 2 years, I came to a conclusion.
The world is changing so much that we
can now actually get to that point to
generate high universal income from AI
stocks. That is a very bold claim. And I
am willing to bet $1 million of my own
money on the ability of us here at Pine
Alpha to make 30% over the next 3 years
every single year. Now, this is not a
promise of future returns. This is not a
solicitation. This is an announcement
for all of you guys to follow what I'm
doing. And we'll talk about this every
single week. But first, let's discuss
why and what is behind this whole plan.
So I prepared something here for you
guys and please follow me in this video
where I explain what is going on here
when we talk about AI. I make it very
quick. This is Vera Rubin the new Nvidia
chip. This is Yansen. This is the
biggest company in the world now and it
wasn't even 3 years ago. Nvidia is the
backbone of this entire revolution. It's
one of my favorite stocks. But an even
better stock of course in my opinion is
Tesla and you know all about it. On this
channel, we are about Tesla, the robo
taxi rollout, how it revolutionizes the
world, and how we can actually time and
schedule these run-ups if you're good.
You can follow me every day while I'm
doing that. And I do YouTube just to get
better at my predictions because it
creates accountability for myself.
That's what we are doing here. And of
course, ultimately this crazy vision
that's now forming with SpaceX going to
the moon, building moon base alpha. I
was not involved in finding that name.
just happens to be Moonbase Alpha
matching Pioneer Alpha of course and
Tesla becoming the world's largest chip
manufacturer competing with Nvidia. So
the circle here closes and as you all
know I've been working on the Pioneer
Alpha strategy for quite a while and
share this with everyone here. Pioneer
Alpha we predict the future to
outperform the market. So far that has
worked very well. We'll look into
performance in a second, but just to
summarize, we do one of the best
research in the world in my opinion. Of
course, I'm biased into these six areas.
artificial intelligence that is Nvidia
that is the LLMs, Anthropic, CHPD and so
on. OpenAI, Grock, autonomous transport
with Tesla the leader, humanoid robots
again Tesla the leader with Optimus, the
space economy with SpaceX being the
leader and together with Tesla doing
that, AGI Capital, Robin Hood, Coinbase,
the crypto revolution that is directly
linked into the AI revolution in
finance, tokenization of everything,
Ethereum at the center connecting to
artificial intelligence and creating
this amazing new financial ecosystem
with enormous upside for the stocks. And
of course, my secret weapon, we are also
macro analysts because we understand
that we cannot predict the future
without understanding geopolitics, Iran,
Ukraine, Trump, and all the things that
enrage people all day long. But we take
a cold look at these things to
understand what it does to the markets.
So that is kind of our secret super
weapon that we combine these things and
then of course we operationalize that
through a bunch of things. I'm not going
to go into here too much. You know all
about it. We then predict the future put
on timelines and use options from short
churn strategies selling short puts out
of the money in periods where this makes
sense or going into leaps with alpha
roll when the stocks drop too much and
we want to have huge upside without
margin risk not going into these
technicalities but that all led to the
performance we are seeing and let's talk
about the performance a little bit why
I'm willing to make that bet we've done
this now for 2 years and a quarter
Since January 1st, 2024, I started
really focusing on the strategy and
building it out. And here's the results.
Looking pretty good. Since inception,
we've made $106%. That's a 45% alpha
over Tesla. So, let me explain what that
means. If you put a million into Pine
Alpha in January 2024, now it would be
$2,60,000.
If you would have put the entire amount
1 million into Tesla, you would be at
1.6 million. So that is much less that
is $450,000 less than with Pioneer Alpha
despite us focusing on Tesla. Because of
these strategies that we can leverage
Tesla, but of course we used Nvidia, we
used Micro Strategy and so on and so
forth. Robin Hood was part of the
portfolio. Now let's look at year to
date. Nice performance. We are up 6.12%.
Tesla is down 10.92%. So we outperformed
Tesla just in 2026 so far until April,
mid of April with 17% alpha. That's
pretty good. And if you look at other
benchmarks here, you can check this all
out on Pioneer Reserve. By the way, uh
you see you see here we outperformed the
S&amp;P with even 2% year to date. Over 6
month period much more 8% outperformance
over the S&amp;P
7 outperformance and so on and so forth.
since inception similar outperformance
of the NA of the NASDAQ and the S&amp;P as
Tesla. So,
I'm going to stop now. I just want to
explain why I'm so bold taking my own
money and making these bets. I've done
this now long enough. Well, I've done it
for nearly 18 years. You know, I've been
trading this whole thing in 2020. Very
good year obviously with Tesla. But this
strategy specifically, this refined
strategy where I put all my effort and
my experience into this from options to
these AI stock predictions, tech stock
predictions, that is what we are
tracking since January 2024 and it works
pretty well. Okay, so you all followed
me, you know my channel, we did this
every day now for all of 2025, not every
day in 2024, but that's where it all
started with YouTube. I had a lot of fun
talking to all of you guys on YouTube on
X. We have over 80,000 85,000 followers
now. Thank you by the way everyone for
subscribing. 85,000 people is a lot. A
lot of you are super sophisticated. We
have many institutional investors even.
We have banking analysts. Uh we have of
course the entire cyber bull crowd
watching and I really appreciate the
discussions we have on X about Elon
about SpaceX about Tesla all these
things and of course when I started
sharing these websites and the weekly
returns sometimes daily returns
including throughout the crisis when we
are not looking so good I got a lot of
questions from you guys right people
asked me Joe can we invest with you you
know this is all too much for me this is
so exhausting. Why don't you just take
my money and invest? And I I couldn't
because I have my own money. I'm trading
my own money. But I thought about it
since last year, since July 2025,
and started tinkering about it. And
here's my quick take before we go into
the bet. What the bet is and why is it a
new instrument underlying the bet? I was
thinking about can't I just do something
for you guys where we combine our
capital and actually I trade my capital
and your capital together for those of
you who want to and I decided very
quickly I don't want to do a fund
because funds are boring you know I'm
too old for this stuff I don't want to
start something be stressed out like for
what for making money no thank you I
make enough money trading my own money
but but I had a different idea and this
different idea was we are building here
pioneer lands We are living through the
most insane period in human history. And
one of the central problems
if not the central problem of this age
is the question I can share this website
here is the question how we actually
turn the AI revolution into steady high
income. Okay, people don't want to have
this crazy stock exposure. They don't
want to go up and down like on a crazy
roller coaster.
And so I was thinking about can we
actually design a new financial
instrument here and I put my own money
into that instrument and offer it to
qualified investors in the United States
and EU and Canada and UK and
Switzerland. Can we actually build
something that helps us all prototype
and get closer to that magic point in
time where we can take the upside of
this insane revolution and turn it into
a steady stream of high income. This is
not a promise. This is describing what
is behind this whole strategy.
And let me share something with you. I
want to share something with you. And
here is what you're seeing. This is not
real portfolio performance. This is just
a simulated performance. A typical
performance of a portfolio that roughly
reflects or approximates a little more
extreme but approximates what could
happen. Okay, just as an example, let's
say you have an AGI portfolio and you're
in a very good year. Maybe it's 2026,
maybe it's 2027, and your portfolio goes
up 78%. You're very happy. I'm very
happy. But then the next year hits, you
go down 8%. And then year three happens,
you go up 29%, then you go up 35%. So
this is a could be a typical scenario.
Okay? And here you see the problem. In
year 1, everyone is happy. But what do
you tell your wife or your partner, your
husband who is less risk, you know, has
less of a risk appetite in year two?
They will not be interested that you did
great in year one. They will ask,
"Honey, we put 2 million into this
thing. Why did you lose $160,000 while
everyone else was going up? Are you
nuts? Take the money out." And then
you're losing on the next two years. So,
in other words, volatility is not good.
So, what we designed here is actually
something very interesting. I call it a
pioneer bond because it is a bond. It is
not a fund. And that bond works with a
buffer mechanism where in the end this
is actually the same return as this here
in this example. You make the same
return in the end but you have a bond
that actually caps you at 30% and year
one puts it into a buffer and then feeds
it back. I can show you how this
actually looks like with a very quick
example here. This is the buffer
mechanism and here down here you see the
actual buffer. This is actually the real
buffer of uh the pioneer bond that we
designed and we are running that
simulation based on the real portfolio
and what you see here is the portfolio
performance the blue and here you see
the bond inflows and outflows. So the
blue is actually the b the the buffer
how much is in the buffer and here you
see the returns here you see the
smoothened return curve. I hope that's
not complex. So here you see what the
bond actually did since mid of last year
since we started doing that simulating
this bond on the real portfolio pine
alpha portfolio with the mechanism that
we now institutionalized and you see
that magic happening. The blue line is
the real appreciation of the simulated
bond based on the actual pine alpha
portfolio. So the first weeks were a
little you know little more difficult.
So we lost some money here. But you see
even in the third month we were already
up 5.5%.
And then we continue going up between
this channel here. This is the channel
line. Long story short, we are now up
27% not even a year in. We have a keer
of 35.4%.
So 35.4%
on this Pioneer bond simulation. And
that was enough for me to say, okay,
let's kick this off and generate
something that is, as you can see here
on the blue line, much more reliable.
Every single week except for the first 6
weeks, we were going up while the world
was not going up. And I want to show you
a benchmark. S&amp;P 500, for example. Look
at this. Look at this. Just let that
sink in. Since the inception of that
simulated bond based on the real Pioneer
Alpha portfolio, look how the blue line
performed. That would be the money of
investors who would have been in this
bond. I was in this bond in the
simulated bond based on the real
portfolio. Look at this massive alpha.
You see actually here the alpha year to
date over S&amp;P 5.4% better than the
market 3.5% better than the NASDAQ
3.4% better than MSCI World and 8.1%
better than ARC. And that is just since
the beginning of the year, since
inception, since July 2025, much better.
And so here you see that line. That's
the S&amp;P. Let's go to the NASDAQ. NASDAQ
looks similar. This is the NASDAQ. Same
story. The bond outperforms it. Not just
outperforms it, but does it in an
extremely steady way. Look at this. Is
the Dow Jones, the little sucker here.
Look at how we outperformed with this
bond simulation
the S&amp;P uh the the Dow Jones. And then
here you have Tesla. Let's No, Tesla's
not in here. Let's take ARC. Here's ARC.
More extreme, right? Outperforming the
bond in the beginning, then crashing
badly in the crisis and now catching up
again. So, who knows where it all ends
up. Maybe some of these things can in
the end or in the middle of the year
outperform the bond. But who cares? The
bond is here to constantly make money.
That is what I'm seeing and what we
engineered. We have a beautiful team in
Luxembourg. This thing is based in
Luxembourg but accessible in the United
States, in the UK, in Canada, in
Switzerland, and of course in the EU on
pioneeralpha.org.
Everyone can learn more if you're
interested in this. Uh it's for
qualified investors only. What that
means uh basically means people with a
critical amount of money depending on
your jurisdiction. Not crazy amounts of
money but some money. So it's not for uh
the average retail investor.
Uh that is because of some regulations
in each of these regions. If you're
American, you probably have heard about
accredited investors. So this is only
for accredit investors in the United
States. But we made this bond now
available as a as a real thing. Now
let's get to my bet. What is my bet and
what am I planning here to do? Very
simple. It's very simple. Here is our
web page, pioneeralpha.org. there is a
regional gating uh so you have to first
if you go to this website you can only
see the content once you actually
qualify yourself that is important uh if
you can't qualify yourself you can't see
it um so basically the structure is it's
directly linked to pioneer alpha
portfolio right the portfolio that I'm
managing
uh it's capped at 45% keer so you cannot
make more than 45% as an investor in
this per year three times the money in 3
years and it's professionally structured
in Luxembourg as a securitization
vehicle with audit and oversight and
everything you get. That's why we chose
Luxembourg. Here's my commitment. I'm
going to put $1 million into this thing
of my own money. So, I will be very
likely the largest investor because we
don't have too much time. We're closing
this in the next 10 days because we need
need to get the first series out. So,
let's see. But 1 million of my own money
is in there of that 1 million most
importantly. And here's my exact bet why
this is such a big deal. 800,000 goes
into Pine Alpha. So I will be a standard
investor, identical terms to every
everyone else. If Pine Alpha loses
money, I will lose money at the same
rate with these 800,000. But more
importantly, I will put up $200,000 as a
reserve buffer. What does this reserve
buffer do? I will tell you one more
slide here. This is how the bond would
look like without a reserve buffer in
the simulation. With the reserve buffer,
it's perfect. It's 30% constantly in the
simulation, not a guarantee based on the
portfolio. If the portfolio loses money,
the bond also loses money. But the
portfolio performs here according to
this. This is a simulation.
Uh there's many other scenarios, but we
took the scenario. This is how we get to
perfectly 30% a year because we put in a
start buffer that also comes out as a
end buffer. So, it's not being used in
the end. And at that rate, I'm not
losing any money. But this buffer I'm
putting in, $200,000 of my own money.
And this is official, by the way, this
video. Uh, this is the real deal.
$200,000 of my own money is this buffer.
And this buffer will be gone. I will not
see that money again if the bond does
not make 30% per year over the next 3
years. every single year or at least an
average every single year if we come out
below 30% keer and there are no fees
under 30% ker by the way other than
operational expenses and I'm not getting
paid by that so there's no trick here
I'm not you know putting money in and
putting it back into my pocket on the
other side I'm not getting a scent here
under 30%
and if he perform under 30% my money is
gone this 200,000
the 800,000 I just lose
or underperform
prrated as a normal investor, but the
200,000 are fully at risk. And this is
my bet. This is a clearcut bet. Under
30%, I'm not seeing that money again
unless we make a little bit under 30%
and I don't need to put in the whole
200,000 and the 200,000 will grow and
shrink with a portfolio. Right? So this
200,000
is not guaranteed to offset the 30% in
full because for example if the
portfolio goes down 10% the 200,000 also
go down and become 180,000 and then will
be injected into that as returns for the
investor and then is gone. That is the
exact mechanic. So the the buffer is
trading with the portfolio but if at the
settlement points every quarter we stay
under 30% that money gets eaten up and
is gone. So that tells you a little bit
that I am confident. Of course, this is
never a guarantee. No one knows. Of
course, I can lose the money. Everyone
can lose money here, but this tells you
what I'm thinking about the future. I'm
willing to put up my own money here. Bet
200,000. Let's see what happens. So,
that is my message for this video. We
have a closing date coming up. The
closing date will be end of April where
we actually sign this all in and start
trading. We need to rush it a little bit
now because we want to build the track
record quickly. There are more even
bigger things to come hopefully end of
the year and we need to get this going
to also fine-tune everything in
Luxembourg and with that we become
institutional investors as we speak. So
I hope you enjoyed that little message
from me. Now you know the bet. You can
follow me every day. We will update this
weekly on the performance as we did so
far. Maybe not every single week, but
we're trying to get to it weekly.
And I think we are off to the races now
to build the world's most important
thing, an infrastructure aimed at
turning AGI and the tremendous upside of
AGI into a steady high stream of income.
That is our mission. And as I said, it's
not a guarantee. Nothing is guaranteed
in life, especially not financial
returns. But it is our mission. And I'm
dedicated to this mission. And this here
shows you a little bit what I'm willing
to risk. I hope that was interesting. If
you don't follow me yet, please
subscribe and like this. If you're
interested, go to pioneeralpha.org.
You will see all the details there.
Check everything out. Let me know if I
can help you with anything on X. DM me
and uh even if it's not about investing,
always happy to chat with everyone. I
will keep you updated on this. I hope
that was interesting and see you
tomorrow.