Channel:     futureaza
Title:       Monday LIVE - Crushing Exports, Falling Competition, & Dummies Doing Their Thing About Robotaxis
URL:         https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ii80RIkqRVo
Published:   2026-08-10 06:11 UTC
Fetched:     2026-08-10 19:00 UTC

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Good Monday the 10th. It is time for the
news. There's a whole bunch of it. We're
going to get right to it. The way this
works is every Monday at 9:00 a.m.
Pacific, I go through all the news as
quick as I can. Get you the headlines,
the the top of the stories as best I can
and then we go through the Q&amp;A at the
end of it. So, if you have questions, if
you have comments, answer them in the
chat. It's right down there. And uh you
can also uh participate in the poll.
There's a very important poll going on.
We will get to that as well. And if you
need to uh get more depth on a story,
you can let me know in the chat and I
will consider that for later in the
week. Let's get to it. Hey, uh Tesla
tops imported cars for sixth straight
month. That's a big deal. It's an
especially big deal because Korea had
been subject to delivery waves in the
past. You know, it's a new market. You
do what you do. There's a time when
every first month of the quarter they
go, "Oh, Tesla sales collapsed. They
sold two." Right? It's because they
didn't sell them last month. They wanted
to sell them last month, but they, for
whatever reason, were unable to.
Financing fell through. Who knows? Tesla
no longer has a delivery wave in Korea.
The cars just keep coming in. Model Y
drives six-month streak as electric
vehicles near half of July imports. Uh,
that's exciting. And they go, well, and
mostly it's on the strength of the Model
Y. Well, yeah, I should hope so. That's
that's the one everybody wants.
30,976
units um last month. That's very good. A
14.3% increase compared to last year.
Tesla sold 10,000 units last month,
becoming the only imported car company
to surpass the 10,000 unit mark last
month. 10,000 last month. Oh my
goodness. Wouldn't that mean that uh
during that first month of the delivery
wave, still 10,000? That's a big deal.
The gap has widened to the point where
the combined sales volume of runners up
BMW and Mercedes were less than what
Tesla brought in alone. The undisputed
driving force is the Model Y of course.
And if you look at generation at the
sales by uh drivetrain, 49.8% 8% of the
imports were of the entire market uh
maybe that's just the imports uh were
pure electric and only 8% were pure gas.
That's a big shift. Um and then it goes
on to mention that uh the import of BYDs
even the Dolphin is selling well. So
this is a big shift underway.
Quarterly sales break electric car
records uh break records in several key
markets amid energy crisis. Energy
crisis. Why I was told that fossil fuel
is uh very good and it's here for you
know come on. Uh Smokey the Bear's in
the house. Good to see you Smokey. Uh
despite a challenging backdrop for the
global car market, sales of electric
cars surged in the second quarter
because gas prices are too darn high.
global sales, you know, uh so electric
car sales are now expected to reach 29%
of total car sales worldwide this year,
one percentage point higher than what
was projected.
I mean, you don't like to see war, but
it does have consequences.
The people
who love the oil wars forget to think
about the second order consequences.
your lifetime sales will drop. Uh, am I
in Nepal? Not yet. I leave next week on
the 18th. Uh, China le EV boom cuts
global oil demand by 1.7 million barrels
a day.
Yeah. Uh, worldwide. That's in 2025.
It's still climbing. According to uh
global EV outlook published in June, the
total is roughly equivalent to
Indonesia's entire oil demand for the
year.
Indonesia consumes more than 1.7 million
barrels. They mean daily. Around 15%
less oil than road transport would
otherwise have consumed had the
country's roads stayed full of petrol
and diesel cars. So this is exciting.
1.7 million barrels. That's an entire
tanker. Not the world's largest ones.
Those are around 3 million barrels, but
those can't go through the Panama Canal.
So, if you're looking at Panamax uh
tankers, this is pretty close to one a
day that doesn't have to be shipped and
burnt. An energy security story as much
as a climate one. I've been trying to
tell people, people who uh love
traditional ways is a polite way to put
it, that energy security is national
security when you can generate your own
energy at home or locally or at least in
your own country regardless of the
country. You have an increase in
national security. the comp the
countries that I'm visiting, places like
Nepal and Ethiopia where I'll be going
in December, they have recognized this
that every petro dollar they spend that
leaves the country never comes back.
That's hard on your economy. So they're
a lot of countries are trying to just
skip the entire pro boom the way they
may have skipped terrestrial landlines
for phones and internet. It's just
cheaper to go either to space or just
over the air.
Electric car sales grew 20% in 2025 to
exceed 20 million or a quarter of all
new cars sold. We're over 20%, man. It's
very exciting. Over 25, I guess,
according to this. Good stuff. Well,
that's enough good news for now. We got
to get into some not great news. Sono
Motors filed for insolveny, put solar
business up for sale. And I know what
you're saying. Uh half of you are
saying, "Who?" And the other half are
saying, "Didn't they already do that?"
And you're both correct. Sona Motors had
this brilliant idea. Ignore the truck.
That was a later idea where they were
going to make a car for $16,000
that could run itself. You just don't
even need to fuel it at all. Those solar
panels that are all over it can generate
150 m a day. Now, the math never worked
for 150 miles. it was relying on some uh
pretty uh aggressive efficiency targets
that were not going to happen. Uh but it
got a lot of buzz and it got thousands
of pre-orders before it didn't sell any.
Uh founded in 2016, uh yeah, the idea is
that they'd be 16 grand and that to
operate them would cost just about
nothing. prices like that be the last
car you ever buy, assuming it runs,
which you know, maybe it does. Uh, this
is a story from last year. Was touted as
a revolution. The prototypes now being
sold for under a,000.
A lot of the goods were liquidated, just
liquidated. They had um motors for €50,
uh the seats for 14, it's €14,
bunch of parts. The car as of the
publication of this was only the the
auction was only up to $874
or euros, but it is closed now. I'm sure
it someone has taken possession of it.
And then there were some crash tested
ones. Oh, good. They got as far as crash
testing without a plan to actually
survive. Now, in the title of the video,
I said something about uh robo taxi
dummies. And I know what you may be
thinking. Are we talking about crash
testing? because this is, you know,
tragic but beautiful in its own way. No,
we're not. That's not what we're talking
about. What we're talking about is the
actual dummies. The dummies running the
place. Whimo CEO says camera only
self-driving systems can't support fully
autonomous driving systems. And after
testing multiple robo taxis, I have to
agree. Well, good. The Whimo CEO said
it. It must be true. Never ask a barber
if you need a haircut. Um, I asked a
barber that and he said, "What hair?"
So, that was kind of hurtful. uh or
would have been if it wasn't something I
just made up. Yeah. The Whimo CEO at a Y
Combinator startup school uh gave a
presentation. He didn't name Tesla
specifically, but he
might as well have. Humans of course can
drive with just eyes, so there's proof
of existence. If the goal were just to
approximately match human performance or
to build an assist product, that's a
very reasonable way to go. But weak
sensing inevitably leads to a safety
curve that flattens out way too early,
he added, highlighting that many cases
where a camera system can't come
unstuck. Low light or poor visibility,
dust storms, objects physically blocking
the lens can bring a camerabased system
to a grinding halt in seconds. Those can
happen to humans as well.
I gave you an example of how Whimo's
combination of LAR, radar, and camera uh
allowed one stricken vehicle to safely
navigate itself back to a depot when a
tree branch became caught in its wipers
and obscured the camera lens. Okay? But
we're not trying to get as good as a
human. Uh we're trying to get as good as
the best human, as good as a human can
be. And that is a much easier target.
And the reality is we don't need to
carpet the world. We just need to put on
slippers. Carpeting the world would be
those solutions that say, "Let's uh
let's go ahead and put sensors embedded
in every roadway." How hard could it be?
Every roadway. Every What if there's a
construction zone that diverts you off
onto a little area that isn't normally
the roadway? The sensors aren't there.
No, the cars need to just plain work.
So, what we're looking at here is saying
make a car that just plain works and as
more and more of them get on the road,
the need for edge case solutions
diminishes. It just diminishes because
you're not going to have all the crazies
on the road anymore. You'll just have
other robots. Now, that can lead to
situations Whimo faces all the time
where they create their own traffic jams
because they're all behaving the same
way.
It's ridiculous. But if we're going to
talk about the craziest notions of them
all, we got to look at Gary Black who
says that it's not Tesla or Uber Tesla
or Whimo that's going to win. It's Uber.
They've got the best shot at bringing
robo taxis to the masses. Why? Yeah,
just cuz. Yeah, just because. Uh in a
post on X, he responded saying, "Who
said that being bullish?" I think that's
a typo because this is a load of bullish
to me on Uber was not a smart move as
the company was uh like the video rental
company Blockbuster in a world of
streaming like Netflix. When I think of
who has the best chance of offering
fully autonomous right hailing to the
masses, it's clearly Uber. He added that
his bullish stance on Uber stem from the
company's open-source supplier model.
That's not a strength, my friend. That's
a weakness. Um, that's great if you're a
car dealer in Tempe and you want to have
the most models on the lot. It's not
great if you're the manufacturer. Uh, if
you're the actual supplier.
So, any one of those companies that Uber
will buy from as soon as they see the
potential in the network will create
their own. If they can sell you a fully
functional robo taxi, they don't need
Uber. And Uber is not just evil, but
also uh you know, incompetent. I've made
videos about it before. I've showed some
of the egregious gaps in their
operations that make the company a real
wet turd. So, you know, great. I
politely disagree with Gary Black. Last
one on autonomy because this is kind of
interesting. Whimo recalled 4,000 robo
taxes for blowing through construction
zones and not one of them stopped
driving. Uh, it sounds stupid, but what
this article really should have the
title should be more about the silliness
of Nitsa's rules regarding recalls.
Recalls sound tragic. They sound
terrifying and they're not. It points
out that none of them stop driving. Why
would they? It's a software update. It's
over the air. The bigger issue it
pointed out is that unlike giving uh
sitting at a stoplight and giving out
red light tickets all day to try and
stem the tide of people running that
particular red light, you only have to
address it once. If you say look uh
don't run red lights, the entire network
can learn don't run red lights. What it
needs to do is get a ticket once in a
while. That would absolutely uh
absolutely cover that a bit. Whimo has
not yet turned on freeway driving in its
Texas market. So riders there were never
exposed to this particular flaw at all.
So uh a liability wrinkle and this is
what we're talking about. Human driver
misses a road close sign. That's one bad
decision. One insurance claim, one
policy holder on an automate automated
system does it. Hundreds of cars will do
it. And I guess this is the last one on
autonomy. Move raises 250 million to
become the backbone of the robo taxi
industry. Move. I've never heard of
them. How could you be the backbone?
What are you going to provide that
others don't? Depot. They're already
working with Whimo. Uh this is a
Nigerian company now headquartered in
Dubai.
U still very much in the human-driven
ride hailing business. It owns and
operates a 42,000 vehicle ride hailing
fleet across 14 countries. The company,
which employs 3,300 people globally,
also still provides vehicle financing to
gig drivers. Its expansion into
autonomous vehicles started in 2023
after evaluating where we're going next.
So, let's create our own product. It's
the fleet operator for Whimo in Phoenix,
Miami, and Las Vegas, and in the future,
London. They don't own the vehicles. We
plan to uh move intends to use debt
financing to purchase as soon as Whimo
will sell them to us. We'll get into
that, but for now, we're going to
operate depots. They've got 41,4
I don't remember. They've got a bunch of
them that are already in the planning
and development phase. They're rolling
it out.
How's Tesla doing today? That's a
question I think I should uh ask. 33087
as of this minute. Uhhuh.
Let's talk solar. Colorado farm added
3276 solar panels. But I don't want
power. I want crops and heat stress
crops now thrive in their shade. Oh, I
spoke too soon. It doesn't have to be
either or. It can be both. It can be a
win-win. In this case, they're doing
flax and something else. Sage maybe. But
the idea is that uh yeah, the owner has
covered part of his 24 acre property
with thousands of panels turning the
site into an example where farmland is
used for both crop and solar.
The plants that benefit are flax and
sage, which can wilt when temperatures
get too hot. And you can do it with
livestock as well. Sheep love the shade.
Uh cows presumably do just fine in the
shade. If the grass is still growing,
they're happy. Don't do goats. They will
chew through your wires and put their
pointy hooves all over your panels.
Don't do that.
So, this means that you can supplement
your income. It means you can get
another cash benefit from your land. It
just makes sense. Thousands of panels.
That's great. He said the 3,000 panels
cost about 2 million and that you know
it'll generate money over time.
Portugal main source of electricity in
July was solar first for the country.
Main source. We're not talking 51%.
We're talking larger than the others.
But in this case it is actually 53%
uh in the seventh month of the year up
19% in the mix ahead of hydro at 16%
wind at 13 and biomass.
Clean energy sources continue to play a
dominant role. Um, this is a big deal
and we're going to be seeing more of
this. And so, well, well, yeah, but I
don't like, first of all, with the
farms, I don't like them tearing down
farms to build solar panels. So, yeah,
but you were okay with them tearing down
the farm to build track homes that you
bought. So, maybe that's not the Yeah,
but I live there. Yeah, but you use
electricity, man. This is the cost of a
civilization. We can do it. We can do it
in a way that preserves the farmland and
gives you solar. And this is the same
thing. We if we're outraged about
electricity prices and the potential and
the imbalance and all that, uh then we
have to actually be honest and consider
that this is how uh where's your outrage
over the data centers? If you're not
outraged over the huge amounts of power
consumed by data centers, whole cities
worth, uh then I don't know if you're
paying attention.
Germany records historic 12 billion
kilowatt hour solar feed in July.
Uh 12 billion kilowatt hours. Can't
can't simplify that number a little bit.
Can't can't say 12 gawatt. It's all
right. Uh noted the actual volume of
solar generated. Is it 12? Is it 12
gawatt? Somebody check me there. 33.
That's 12 gawatt.
uh actual volume of solar power
generator was even higher as electricity
consumed on site doesn't count. If
you've got solar on your roof and it's
just feeding into your building because
you're still pulling a you're still a
net draw. That number was never counted
during July. Average midday solar output
exceeded 40 gigs equivalent to the
generating capacity of more than 40
nuclear plants. Yeah, I checked. A 1
gawatt nuclear plant is apparently the
gold standard. Fact check me if I'm
wrong. The organization said that the
milestone represents a structural shift
in Germany's power system. 1 gawatt. Is
that is that right? Or is that a small
modular reactor?
It attributed this growth to investment
made over the past two decades by
millions of homeowners, farmers,
commercial enterprises, and small and
medium businesses.
It's okay to have solar only during the
day. That's when most of us do most of
the things that require power. In the
winter, of course, you'll want the heat
on at night. Uh, but you know, a lot of
industry shuts down. Most retail shuts
down. Those data centers just keep
chugging along because we need our
clever memes. I'm guilty as anyone.
Africa wants more homegrown solar to
boost self-reliance. But China's shadow
remains. There is already solar
manufacturing in Africa, though it's
Morocco, which is pretty darn close to
Europe. Africa's largest economies are
accelerating plans to build more
domestic solar manufacturing capacity. A
shift analysts say reflects both on
industrial ambition and growing unease
over dependence on imports from China
that dominate the global market.
Ethiopia,
South Africa, Morocco, and Nigeria have
been stepping up efforts to localize
manufacturing of equipment for solar
power. From module assembly to more
advanced manufacturing,
China is likely to retain its dominant
role. Likely, no, China just will. It's
just it's just will. It's just will uh
and um the China related investments in
Africa 66 billion over the last 14 years
growing economies coupled with recent
energy shortages in countries like
Zambia and the ongoing need to provide
access anyway. They know they need to
build these solar panels.
It's like the auto manufacturing in
Ethiopia. Ethiopia wants to become the
auto manufacturing hub. They're going to
start by building Chinese cars. China
sends partially complete cars, knockdown
kits, semi- knocknockdown kits to
Ethiopia. Ethiopia does the final
assembly. It works because now it's a
slightly domestic car. It created a lot
of jobs. Those jobs are needed to fuel
the economy so people can buy the darn
cars. Think Henry Ford on that one, even
though that was a bit overstated at the
time. And what you've got is um a labor
force that's less expensive than the one
in China.
So even if they're less efficient, which
in the first year or two they would be
because this is a brand new thing to
them, production of solar panels in
Nigeria is expanding rapidly. South
Africa plans to develop a gigawatt solar
manufacturing facility. Um yeah, so this
is exciting and I will give you all
kinds of more information about Africa,
about Ethiopia in December when I'm
there. So if you want to help out with
that, uh it's appreciated.
EVgo figured out a way to make the best
chargers. Just use Tesla superchargers.
It's great. They're going to have
apparently both Knacks and CCS1 plugs.
All right, if you say so. That'd be
cool, I guess. For most of its
existence, the Supercharger network was
both the crown jewel and a walled
garden. The wall has been removed. This
doesn't speak to what the pricing will
be. We don't know what the pricing will
be, but it means that the best chargers
out there are going to be doing the
charging. Drivers of non Tesla will be
able to use charge uh to charge using
the V4 units as well. And these are up
to 500 kilowatt chargers. It's great. EV
uh global battery market share in the
first half of 2026. CL strong at 39.9.
This is what the chart looks like. How
has it changed? Did you know Panasonic's
only 3.7%
of the world battery market? That's
crazy, right? Uh going back 3 years, if
you look pretty similar. Panasonic was
at 6.4. They have fallen to 3.7.
That's not exciting. You see goan at 4.6
now where before Goan was uh at 2.4. So
you can see some pulling ahead. Samsung
was at 4.6. 6. I went the wrong
direction. Samsung is
not on the list.
Not on the list.
Early lead and you just forfeited.
Uh you need to make those batteries for
your Koreanmade cars. Samsung should be
leading. Samsung should be what's in
every Kia and Hyundai. Who knows? Maybe
it is.
Who knows? Not I. SpaceX has bought 329
million worth of mega packs so far this
year.
Oh, right. Data centers. Uh, this is
just kind of a number. Uh, we know what
the expansion plans are. We expect to
see it tracked roughly with that. We
know we're getting margin out of it. We
don't know how much margin, but we can
see the overall energy division is
performing well. So, it's not like
they're being given away for free.
And that means we need to make more mega
packs, doesn't it? Mega Pac 3 officially
rolling off the line at our newest mega
factory in Brookshire, Texas. Um the
factory went from groundbreaking to
operation in 16 months. Congratulations.
Good work. Uh they are they know what
they're doing. Um we're not going to
have time to get through everything, are
we? uh China's 80 hectare facility aims
to make longduration energy storage
batteries. This is a similar factory in
China. 95% automated um
starting with the lithium getting as
much of it vertical as they can. Uh this
is 95%. So I've toured the mega factory
in Lethre. It was very automated but I
don't think it was 90% automated. 85
maybe. Maybe tough to say
they know they're good at manufacturing.
BYD partners with Cenote reshapes
Shanghai petrol stations into flash
charging hubs. By the way, flash
charging batteries not banned in the US.
The export of them to the US also not
banned. The only thing is that they're
quite expensive and the import tariff
might make them prohibitively expensive.
It's only like a 35% tariff on top of
the other tariffs. Uh, but it'd be nice
to get flash chargers that would
revolutionize
apartment dwellers lives.
Want to see a big old battery? 12.8 gatt
hours in China just activated.
That's That's a lot. Just kind of
exciting to see.
Big problems in Texas though. uh grid
metering record was just hit. The
biggest energy demand month ever was
just hit and it's expected to double by
2032. Double. Who's going to be pulling
all that? Oh, right. Macro hard. I think
that's enough of that. I think we should
get into the Q&amp;A before we run out of
time. There are other stories I didn't
get to. Uh who knows, man. Let's take a
look. Let's see what's going on. We can
turn off the ghost. There we go. I'm
here. Poke the thumb. Poke the thumb.
Can't stay long. Early like. Hey, give
me a late like. Let me know real quick.
How many likes are we up to?
Calorie.
David. Uh, let's see. Am I in Nepal? Not
yet. I will depart on the 18th. From the
time I leave my house to the time I
reach the ground to the time I touch
down is a mere 40 hours of transit. Uh,
nice. One tanker per day is a small
dent, but it still matters.
Uhhuh.
What? Come on. Cuba fake news. I mean,
once they get the next tanker, I will
prove it when they get back online and I
can ask someone there. Darn. That stings
a little. I'm playing with some new
homebrew solar. It's a boost. ain't
power in our Teslas. Um, long have you
had thoughts of hurting yourself? I
don't get it. What did I say? I don't
remember. Put one on a treadmill to
power the other, then have them switch
positions. My brother, the electrician,
asked me, "Why can't you use a light to
shine at a solar panel to power itself?"
And I said, "Why don't you just take the
uh power strip and plug it into itself?
Think of all the power you'll get. Or
maybe just split it so that you can
because because
perpetual motion doesn't exist.
Show me on the dollar where the solar
panel hurt you. Yeah. Model Y's are
selling out. Good news is Tesla hot dogs
are still in stock.
Uh like the uh Yeah. Yeah. Volkswagen
sells a lot of sausages. That's for
sure. A professionally installed system
uh carrying scary amperage could do it
readily. I'm not chancing the sudden
death. Yeah. Um speaking of high
voltage, my battery went out on the
Model Y. 23 Model Y 33,000 mi. I got an
error code I want to say 74 and 79,
something like that. AO74 and 79,
something like that. And uh my max
charge is currently 24%. So, I have an
appointment set for next month to take
it in. Hopefully, it still has 24% of
capacity next month or they're going to
have to just come get it. Sounds like I
won't be needing a whole new battery.
Uh, a whole used battery because
apparently they mostly give you
remanufactured ones, which I'm not super
jazzed about.
I'm okay with sudden death. It's the
slow deaths that worry me. I asked Rock.
Oh, by the way, the poll, we should
mention this. Breaking news requires us
to do what? Uh the current leader is
summon all the king's horse is say it
was already like that at one point
summon all the king's horses and men got
to 50%. Get your votes in now if you
haven't already. Uh let's see.
Okay, here we are. I've said many times
that solar farms could be in a field
with grass and mounted high for cows to
roam the field. As you said, nice shade
for them and power for us. It can be
better for crops. It just can. Solar,
it's what plants crave. Mhm. Every
pergola, every awning, every shed, those
are all nice little opportunities to add
a bit of solar if you don't want it on
the roof. Yes. It's very small, though.
And that's a problem Sono Motors had was
that the car isn't big enough. It
doesn't get enough photons smacking into
it to actually do the job it was meant
to do. The big installations are the are
the real costsaver. Maybe if you can
compute gigawatt hours to horsepower
Fortnites. Mhm. Trying to compare
gigawatts and gigawatt hours. Yeah.
Yeah. That's why I was so confused. I
was like that doesn't make sense.
Yeah. I'm I Yes. It's just when they
throw in the billions then I have to do
all my triple zeros.
I measure in ross to hog rods to hog
hogs heads. I measure in rods to hog
head. That's tough. JG transportation is
a hoax. Just create VR so you can think
you're there. No need to leave the house
at all. Holiday. They're working on it,
man. Google tells me my Model Y has a
327 horsepower Fortnite battery. It
probably would. Google will tell you all
kinds of things.
I don't know why people don't describe
it this way. Everyone, you're hype. Oh
yeah, everyone apply your hype points.
Brian's video man works hard to give us
good info. Appreciate that. Black room
productions
fto seconds. Very silly. You think Tesla
will dig deeper into the battery supply
chain in the processing area of raw
materials? Don't know. Don't know. It's
time consuming, but mostly it's head
space consuming and I don't think they
have the head space. I don't remember.
Yeah, I don't remember what she said
either. Late again. Oh well, I can still
like. Uh, by the way, does the hype
button make a difference in helping you?
I don't know. I don't know what it does.
I think it's just a double like. I don't
know. China had over capacity of solar
and maybe some of that equipment is
being relocated. Maybe the same for car
factories. Absolutely. There are
companies that would gladly sell their
previous gen equipment so they can
install their next gen equipment. Uh,
yeah. Air74, you said nice things about
the competition. I do it all the time. I
always give credit where credit's due
and I always give criticism where it's
due. Yes, but you're so nice to Tesla.
Yeah, it's because they do a lot of
things right. Uh, hype points only work
on mobile and I think you have to do it
after the video ends.
What a weird system. What a weird
system. YouTube guys, what did I miss?
What did I misunderstand? I don't know.
That's what I need you for. If you're
catching this on the replay, you got to
let me know in the comments. Everyone
else, like, subscribe, do what you do,
and stay tuned. Stay juicy and I cannot
wait to hear from you clever robots. Uh,
when you subscribe and help out, all
that stuff really does help. Catch you
on the next one.
If I can find the button to to end the
show.