Channel:     jobhakdi
Title:       Why The AI Scare Is BULLISH For Tesla and SpaceX Stock
URL:         https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OakyacSrxL0
Published:   2026-09-17 20:23 UTC
Fetched:     2026-09-17 22:00 UTC

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

I doom debate and about Sam Alman,
Daario and Elon talking about that AI
might kill us all and we don't escape
alive from this planet and that we need
to now pace the frontier
and if you not if you don't have heard
about the response from President Trump
but also from Yensen that they are
saying here at the AllIn podcast event.
&gt;&gt; Mr. president,
&gt;&gt; you're now talking to the planet
&gt;&gt; on the sofa in real time and repeatedly
said, "This is a hoax. We don't need to
pace the frontier. We can go all in, no
pun intended, and the nerds should shut
up and keep working." If you have not
heard about that crazy debate here, you
see Yensen on the phone with the
president, then you live under a rock.
And we have to discuss that not as ASI
doomers or boomers or whatever but as
rational investors for the next three
month three years horizon. What does it
all mean for stocks? Is the fact that we
are now having to pace the frontier but
the president says we shouldn't. Is that
all scary? Does it all mean it's out?
It's game over for AI stocks or is it
actually the opposite?
And in order to understand what is going
on here and if we should be scared for
our investments because now everyone is
scared of AI and it's going to be the
end. We have to understand what that
warning here, what this scare from Dario
Amade, the CEO of Anthropic and from Sam
Alman, the CEO of OpenAI and even Elon
Musk of course the super boss in AI
world, the techno king of all amazing AI
opportunities, SpaceX, Tesla and so on.
What does it actually mean? And I wanted
to today take the time to go through
this so we make sure we understand the
implications of this scare because my
take on it is it is the exact opposite.
It is the exact opposite of a bearish
sign for the market. Because why would
you be scared of something? You're
scared of something because
because it is so powerful that you are
surprised how powerful it actually is.
We are now scared of AI because it has
actually exceeded our wildest
expectations. When you look at the
trajectories of everything that's
happening,
you see
that this is actually
a problem because AI does much more than
anyone would expect. And I posted this
little expose that describes exactly my
thought process here that I want to
share with you guys and why we should be
very happy as investors that humanity is
now at great risk of extinction long
term.
We shouldn't be happy long term but we
should happy be happy short term for the
next three to five years because here I
wrote it. I refer to bond scare and bond
prices. While the end of humanity
strongly contradicts the bond market
scare, you can't have a technology so
powerful and scary that its leaders are
concerned about human extinction
and at the same time be concerned about
a 0.25% higher interest rate that might
inhibit growth. And what I'm talking
about here is of course the Fed hiking
rates, the bonds going up and the
potential scare in the market. Oh my
god, we have to pay 0.25%
more for interest rates while at the
same time AI companies have 80% 85%
profit margins and are growing 100% a
year. This does not make sense.
And I'm talking about here the sand god.
Maybe you have heard about the sand god.
That is like a term in Silicon Valley
about these new AI capabilities that are
basically godlike and they call it sand
god because it's made out of sand. You
understand semiconductors
silicon silicon is made out of sand.
So in these times when people are
concerned that these AI models become so
exponentially powerful that they might
get out of control, out of hand, become
conscious, do all these things that the
fantasies tell us they might do. What
that means is when we break it down,
let's break it down into individual
stock risks. What is the greatest risk
for a stock like Tesla? The greatest
risk for a stock like Tesla is that the
promises Elon makes that we have cyber
cap and robo taxis roaming around and
changing the world. Let's go to the
cyber cap tracker while I talk about the
cyber cap here. 42 cyber caps deployed.
1,56
now total robot tax is deployed. The
cyber cap, what is the greatest risk to
Tesla? That FSD is not ready. That cyber
caps can't really roll out. that it
takes another year before it scales.
Okay, what is that a function of? It is
a function of AGI. It is a function of
Tesla's capability to deploy a superior
self-driving technology, the brain in
the car.
What is the greatest risk for SpaceX?
For SpaceX, the greatest risk is that
there is not enough compute demand
because there is no risk that SpaceX
might not be able to get these rockets
into space and get these satellites into
space. This is a given that they can do
that. The capability is not a question
anymore. If you understand anything
about AI satellites, about Starship, and
if you follow Pioneerlands, go to
pioneerlands.org, by the way. That's
where you see all these amazing things.
So, that is not the problem. No, the key
risk for SpaceX is that there is no
demand for compute. Okay, the key risk
is that this amazing Starship and these
amazing satellites cannot be launched
because there is no demand for compute.
But why would there not be demand for
compute? Not because we pace the
frontier. Pacing the frontier would mean
maybe pacing the buildout of training
compute on Earth, but not of inference
compute. Inference compute demand the
demand for AI compute as you and I and
all the enterprise clients and all the
investors and all the consumers on in
the world are using
that demand
is only under threat if AI
underperforms.
It is only under threat if people would
determine that AI is actually
overpromising and underdelivering.
It is only under threat if AI would
actually not get the job done. If you
want to do your tax returns and it can't
do it. If you want to do automate your
marketing processes and it can't do it.
If your finance department wants to
figure out the gross margins for your
branch in taxes and AI fails because
it's too dumb.
In other words, SpaceX and Tesla are
directly
dependent on AI performing as expected
or more than expected.
The same is true for Google. The same is
true for all of the Mac 7. The same is
true for Meta, for Microsoft and so on
and so forth because they live off
products that will be AI powered and can
do more in the future. The same is true
for Salesforce and for many other
companies. And of course, the same is
then true for all the companies that
depend on this inference AI demand like
Nebas and all the other neoclouds also
the hyperscalers. In other words, the
entire AI trade and with that the entire
growth of the US economy is a direct
function of one singular question.
Does AI deliver? Does AI make the leap
into AGI, artificial general
intelligence next year in the sense that
it can truly solve problems that human
workers currently do? Because if AI
turns into AGI by next year, I think it
will, and can start replacing or
enhancing white collar workers that make
$60,000 a year, $100,000 a year,
$250,000 a year, then these AI agents
will be able to charge 5 10% of these
salaries, maybe 5% if you're super
conservative, because who wouldn't pay
5% of a salary for a new worker that is
better than the old worker? either to
replace old workers or to enhance them
and double the workforce for you know 5%
of the price.
As long as this is happening, as long as
AI delivers, the entire AI trade is not
just justified but will continue to
skyrocket.
And at the center of the AI trade is
Tesla for physical AI for robots and for
robo taxis
and SpaceX for compute. And then the
next layer are of course the
hyperscalers and the semi
semiconductors.
So let's wrap this up.
Why is it so bullish that people are
afraid of extinction?
And I don't want to sound cynical for
those of you who are actually afraid and
you know my take on it. I think it is
very dangerous. But here we are talking
about money. We're talking about
short-term money. We're talking about
the next 3 6 9 12
15 months 3 years.
The fact that these people at the
frontier are now so scared.
the fact that Daario and Elon are
voluntarily calling for a slowdown of
the frontier, not of the deployment of
agents, but the frontier that is like
six months ahead, nine months ahead of
what we actually see.
The fact that these people who benefit
so much from the central trajectory are
scared and want to pace the frontier a
little bit means very simply
number one that they truly have concerns
and number two that they absolutely have
zero concerns
that the underlying technology is
absolutely transformational not in the
future but right now in the labs and
that is the most important signal for us
as investors in terms terms of what will
happen over the next 12 months. This
sends the signal that these three
masterminds,
these three people who know the most
about the actual state of AI in the
universe, in the known in the human
universe, let me put it like this. I
don't know about the aliens and Elon
might be an alien but in the human
universe Sam Alman, Elon Musk and Dario
Amod are the three people who know by
far the most about what is actually
going on in AI in a holistic way.
And if these three people voluntarily
want to pace things, slow it a little
bit down, it simply means they have
absolutely zero concern about their
money. They have zero concerns about
explosive growth and they have
absolutely zero concern about overd
delivering on the AGI expectations of
these agents. And that is the key
takeaway besides that we might all die.
That is not that important for us as
capitalists. What is important is here's
the confirmation.
Here's the confirmation
that AI is overd delivering and will
exponentially overd deliver
unindependent of how we pace this and
slow it down or whatever. So that is
what I want you guys to take away if
there was ever a clear signal of what is
coming and that what is coming in the
next 12 months that these guys already
see and probably already have figured
out to 90%.
will be so overwhelming that we should
not be concerned about Tesla delivering,
about SpaceX booming, and about all
these other guys having a very good time
surprising us on extreme intelligence
capabilities. And that is today's
message. And now we go to the comments
and see what you guys think. And that
doesn't mean Tesla will go up tomorrow
like crazy. It went up today quite well.
It doesn't mean SpaceX going to explode
further tomorrow because today it went
up a lot. But it means on a six months
horizon things look very very good.
Let's see what you guys have to say.
Petty the Irish man is back. I already
saw that. Mr. Tojo Joe. Wow, there's
another Joe. Hi Joe from a fellow Joe in
California.
Hello back to California. I nearly said
howdy with all these Texans on the chat,
but in California we don't say howdy.
Uh, we have Harold
Sik Hundon.
That's the best Danish name. Hello from
Denmark. I'm very close to Denmark right
now. I'm closer to Denmark than to
California by a long distance.
Hello to Denmark. We have Jay Edwards.
Hi. Uh, we have hello from Greece.
Beautiful George
Guis
Gwald Gudis.
Hello to beautiful, beautiful Greece.
One of the most beautiful countries
ever. And then we have Tristan Brown.
Hello from the Republic of Texas. I said
howdy before. Howdy. Uh sound is too low
as always. I understand, but we can't
change this because everyone gets
different sound from me.
Um, we have another howdy street credit
zero, but you're not you're not in
Texas, right? Um,
Sam Jabber says, "Joe, the problem is
it's hard to take Alman and Dario
seriously. On one hand, they say we need
to slow down because of doom, but then
they'll release another newer, more
powerful model." I disagree. I think
they're truly concerned. The models
they're releasing, that's not what
they're afraid of. They are two model
generations ahead already in the lab and
they are seeing what will happen. They
understand when they call for a
slowdown, they don't mean today. They
don't even mean next year. They if they
put that boulder, push that boulder now,
it will start rolling down the hill and
become relevant probably in 2028. As I
said repeatedly, I think we will see
action in 2028 or probably more likely
in 2029. that action will be serious and
that's what they actually want.
And don't forget Elon. Elon is also in
this real redneck. Dario whines about
how AI will kill us all yet he keeps on
making it. All he wants is a government
to regulate. I'm don't I know what you
mean. Real redneck. That is a great
theory, but I don't totally buy it that
it's not the only thing. You guys have
to understand this is a serious business
and we are not talking about what
happens now. We are not talking about
what happens in six months. We talking
about what happens in 12 to 18 months.
That's what they are seeing and that's
what they're concerned of.
Uh did why did Elon basis take back what
he said earlier this week? Well,
everyone has to be cautious but Elon
said this for a decade now that this is
the most dangerous thing ever developed.
So they are seeing ahead especially Elon
and I totally know what they mean. It
this will be the most dangerous techn if
you think nukes are dangerous. This is
like a billion times more dangerous than
nukes.
But is it now a billion times more
dangerous? No, it's not now a billion
times more dangerous. It will be in
2029, 2030. But if you don't get
something done now or start doing
something, it's going to be far too
late. That's what they're saying.
Uh it's like USSR and USA being afraid
of nuclear war, then building more
nuclear weapons. Exactly. You are in the
race. You can't just stop. But you can
point out, dudes, we're all going to die
if you don't do something.
Patrick Tiny, the bull run. You've been
saying that for years. At some point,
your credibility is just shot. Well,
that will take more time. We are making
very good money here. Did you see Jensen
and Dario at the Salesforce event? They
pretty much reinforce the same points.
Although it looked like a herbal
herbal life event, Petty the Irishman,
that is true.
Uh, hello from southernmost point under
the star sprangled banner. What's the
southernmost point? Is that in Florida?
Probably.
Uh,
lights defe. Joe, can we please have
Tesla boom to 490 already? I know Tesla
was very hard to trade. I admit it.
But I'm looking pretty good right now.
I'm much more happy now. Today was an
extremely good day for me because today
I was uh yesterday I was a little
concerned but I was very heavy shorted.
I still believe, you know, you guys know
that I have a nice buffer in the Pioneer
Alpha strategy
that I'm only trading lightly right now
while we are building out the Pioneer
bonds. But there is hope at the horizon
that we are soon live again.
But uh I think we are in a Goldilock
situation in terms of
Tesla will have a very hard time
dropping from here. We don't know
exactly when it jumps, but it just has a
very hard time dropping as we see all
the time, right? It tries to drop all
the time here. Five days. Look at this
one month. Uh what's the lowest? 354 was
the lowest point for a very long time
now.
Uh nearly 3 weeks. And I think it's it's
just going to have a very very hard time
to drop much below 360, which I am
riding very hard right now. I got a
little concerned yesterday, but I was
pretty sure it's going to be good. So
today was a very good day.
Uh
real redneck has put guard rails in Elon
suggestion of peer reviews. Good idea,
but last thing we need is Bernie and
Pocahontas to start writing rules for
AI. I mean there is true risk real
redneck. I agree. I am focused on
existential risk Elon 2. I think it's
extremely real, extremely dangerous. But
you're right. If you talk about actual
implementation of rules, then all these
creepy little people creep in. And I'm
not saying that Anthropic doesn't have
incredibly creepy people. You saw the
New York Post
uh thing about the Anthropic team in the
background. These are effective altruist
people, which means extreme psychos.
And that is New
New York Post.
Uh that is very scary. I'm not saying
these people are not scary.
Here, look at this. The woke wizards are
so bad. Like when you see these people
like a horror movie. So I understand
this is extremely dangerous stuff if
these people get control of what's
happening. So
uh I understand your concerns, but on
the other hand, there are also real
concerns here. No, just because
Pocahontas says something doesn't mean
it's wrong.
Sorry. Just because Bernie says
something, it there can still be a
kernel of truth in it. That does not
mean we should leave these people
anything to do about it. But
that's it. Uh, a serious question from
light devil defil defil
devil. It's not devil. Defil a serious
question. Tomorrow's triple witching
again. Do we have to worry about Tesla
stock? We always have to worry about
Tesla stock. And of course, when you
look at Tesla stock, is this more likely
to drop than to go up? Sure. I mean, I'm
not going to predict what happens
tomorrow. I think it has a hard time
dropping far below 360. But would I be
surprised if there's another ruck pull
and we go to 3
58 again tomorrow? No, I would not be
surprised at all. But at some point,
that baby has to go up. It's on an
uptrend. Don't forget this. Look at
this. This is a clear uptrend since this
terrible drop here. We are on an
uptrend. We belong back here at a
minimum 380. Uh and then wait for Cyber
Cap to scale. We have to go back to 380
soon. So, it's playing a little bit of
games. It can drop a little bit back,
but I don't think we can reverse the
trend from here. I just don't think it.
Uh triple witching is always volatile.
Expect lots of max pain. Exactly.
Uh where are the Chinese at with AI at
the moment? Nothing to worry about or
should US AI companies be worried?
I mean my take on on China is very
simple.
I do not think that China
will develop they I do not think that
China will develop the problem
because in order to develop the problem
you need a lot of new original thought.
The fact that I am assuming we will get
there automatically on the current
trajectory still requires massive
innovation. You can't just scale your
way into ASI. You need to find
foundationally invent at least one to
two more things.
And I do not think the Chinese will
invent them. But the Chinese will
understand them very quickly once we
invent them. That is why pacing the
frontier is an American issue. You know,
it's not about pacing what the Chinese
do. It's pacing what the Americans do.
And that's also why China is not going
to catch up like that. That is my
theory. Plus, China will actually
understand. They will be okay. The
Chinese, if you know the Chinese, they
they think differently from the
Americans and the Europeans. They just
want to do business. They just want to
outperform everyone on business. They're
not thinking in these mad like, oh,
let's create a god situations.
Uh here
LR Iceworth says, "I agree. Recursive
coding and self-improvement is a nuclear
bomb was much worse."
Thank you. A lot of people disagree with
me. It's good to have someone agree with
me because I'm actually right, dudes.
I'm sorry.
Uh if a merger does happen, which stock
do you think will be impacted positively
the most? Of course Tesla because Tesla
is the junior partner here and I think
it's much more bullish for Tesla than
for SpaceX. Street cat zero. Joe forgets
that I used to live in Houston. Oh, I
forgot. That's where the howdy comes
from.
Uh Jeff
Fogerty, hi Joe. I appreciate all the
work you do, especially your political
insights. Thank you. They get me into
trouble. Uh I I lost like you know I had
a lot of I didn't net lose followers on
X but I had a lot of churn
throughout these Swedish and German
elections. And don't forget on Sunday we
have another important German election
coming up. We have to cover these
Germans because Germany is at the center
of Europe and Germany is being
transformed. In my opinion it's not just
the center of Europe. I have this thesis
that the entire western world, the
entire virus that is haunting the entire
western world has its root origins in
Germany. And if Germany fixes the virus,
it's like in these movies when they kill
the alien spaceship, the alien spaceship
is the super virus in Germany. If
Germany would solve the problem, all the
problems in Australia, in Canada, in the
US, in Sweden would fall to the wayside
magically. Think about it.
Think about it. If the Germans would
stop being woke,
all of America, all of Australia, all of
Canada, all of Sweden would stop being
woke.
Think about it. I'm not going to
elaborate more, but just think about it.
Just simulate the world. No one could be
woke anymore. Because the only reason
everyone's mad woke is because of the
Germans.
Because the Germans are so woke. Think
about it. That's why everyone is so
nervous. That's why the New York Times
and the entire world is reporting on a
little election in the heart of Germany.
So, let's see.
Boomer Soona, hello Joe Musk. Stocks up
today. Do buyers smell merger? No. Look
at the freaking stock market. Uh, I
think Tesla is actually up less than its
beta. It's kind of underperforming. It
should be up 3,
what is that? 3.4%. 4%
3.4% and Tesla is up less. So Tesla's
underperforming today. I don't know the
beta of SpaceX. SpaceX is doing very
well to No, it's actually not doing that
well. It used to do well. So I think
both of them are performing reasonably
in line but a little behind.
I think if you look at
uh what is my mic? My micron was crazy
today.
I d-risked Micron a little bit, pushed
my strike prices lower. That was
unnecessary, but still glad I did it.
It's always good to manage risk.
Here, Harold
from Denmark,
will you make a video on the recent
Swedish election? Oh god, it's so
depressing the Swedish election. They
missed it by what is the final count by
one seat.
The only good news in Sweden that these
crazy people, the vans of the the
communists are probably not being
allowed into the leftwing
government. What is the last is it just
one seat the final call. They had like
all these problems where no one knew
they won by between one and three seats.
Uh
and today it was decided after all these
late votes came in
and you know the whole story of course
they left one because of the so-called
new sweets that they imported
very clearly. It was like ridiculous.
But the Swedes are one of the more voc.
Unfortunately the Swedes are so nice and
cute. Everyone's so nice but they're
extremely naive. Unfortunately, if you
go to a normal Swede, they don't know
what's h they don't understand the
insane matrix that has been put around
them. So, they are completely confused
and just vote themselves into oblivion
unfortunately. And even despite this
crazy Swedish matrix, they nearly
continued the right-wing government. I
mean rightwing, it's not rightwing, it's
under all like the current government is
super leftwing, but now we have an
extremely leftwing. We have basically
one side, the right is leftwing and the
left is
insanely leftwing. That's what it is in
Sweden. So that's the problem.
Uh I don't know where the latest is. So
this is a crazy sad story. It's the
opposite of the German story. In
Germany, we see a true transformation.
And that's why I'm not too concerned
about Sweden. Once Germany switches,
you know, the Swedish woke people are
also done. everyone has done. That is
one of my controversial predictions that
in the end the entire western madness
hinges only on Germany.
I am very convinced about this thesis.
Um so BGS member Xi Jinping thinks he
the calls for AI slowdown are bluff and
ridiculous but I agree with Joe. The
American CEOs think AI is advancing too
fast. So, and that's BGS member. That's
what I I care about. Like, in the end,
we can all fight over is ASI dangerous
or not? Should we slow it down or not?
All I'm saying is the fact that they're
saying is not for DJs. They are actually
concerned. They're not concerned about
their next model iteration, what they're
releasing over the next six months.
They're concerned about the stuff that
their super cutting edge models are
starting to do in their harnesses. and
they are more, you know, the models that
come out in 9 months or 12 months and
they're not even concerned about them
specifically. They're just concerned
about we too close to that inflection
point.
Um, Mr. Cactus says, "Joe Patience pays
off. Hold for the gold. That's what we
doing."
Real redneck. Do you honestly believe
there's no They always manipulating a
little bit, but they're honestly
concerned. Elon has moderated his
position. Do you realize story is a
leftist and wants government to have
more control? Yeah, but Sam and Elon,
you know,
so real redneck. That might all be true.
That is all part of the equation,
but you cannot discount the fact that
Elon and Sam started OpenAI because they
were concerned about it. And there, look
at Elon's old interviews and also look
what smart people say about this. I'm
also like it's just obvious it's super
dangerous. The fact that Dario is maybe
a crazy effective altruist dude in a
little cult and wants to manipulate us
doesn't mean it's not dangerous.
Sam Jabber I trust Daario less than
Altman with that eating grin. Very
interesting guys. I like the discussion
here because Dario used to be more more
liked than Sam because Sam was the
ultimate hated person. Interesting that
you guys say you hate Dario now more
than Sam. Can't wait this. We should
have like a ranking who's being hated
more.
Uh Michael de Bush artificial
intelligence self cannot harm anyone.
It's like Stephven Hawking brilliant but
unable to affect the physical world.
Well, we'll see about that. I'm not
sure.
Jay Ebers a while ago. You said that
humanity will probably manage to survive
the next 100 years. after that we are
inevitably done for. That's not what I
said. Don't you find that an extremely
depressing thought? Well, first of all,
I don't first think if something is
depressing before I think it. I first
try to derive what I think is the most
likely outcome. And I do think I have
zero doubt that AI will be the ultimate
threat to humanity forever once it's out
of the bag. And I think that moment
where it's out of the bag is very close.
And from that moment on, it will be an
eternal struggle of survival against the
AI.
And
if if you ask me, will we long-term
survive that in 10,000 20,000 years?
The odds that we survive that are so
insanely slim that you need true faith
into the supernatural
to believe that we make it. I actually
have that faith and I think we will make
it. But it's not a rational assessment.
If you ask me for my rational
assessments like it's going to be tough,
but we should worry about the next 100
years. I think that's a tough fight we
need to win. Uh but I have high
confidence we win for the next 100
years. We are not well when you say
after that we are inevitably done for.
Nothing is completely inevitable. Okay.
Because now we are talking not about ASI
Poom which is 100%. We are now talking
about the total PDOM including our
ability or attempt to control this
thing.
And yeah, it's never 100%. But over
10,000 years, if you if you draw out
these probabilities, it's very very very
very very tough. We need to invent some
insanely complicated things. But we
will. I think I'm an optimist. But we
also have to be a realist first and then
put the optimism on top. Street Cred
Zero J Ebbas. There's a chance that we
will merge with the EIS, but also remain
essentially ourselves. Small chance, but
I'll take it.
I mean, we have to worry about the next
increment, which is now we need to worry
about our Tesla stocks going up and
SpaceX and the other AI stocks we have
and our alpha trades, but we have to
also understand the debates and we have
to understand what the big dudes are
concerned about and where they right.
Uh, are you bullish on Palanteer? I'm a
little mistrustful of Palente. I don't
totally trust what's going on. I think
David Cop doesn't do the greatest job in
instilling trust.
Uh I think Palanteer has very smart team
uh and is in the middle of this. So it
shouldn't be hard for them to grow. I
just have trust issues.
Power grid gener. Yeah, exactly. I mean,
you don't need to be a robot to kill us
all or do incredible harm. steal all the
money, crack Bitcoin, shut down
electricity. Like, this is a serious
business.
Um, so Joe isn't gatekeeping your Tesla
490, he's teasing you with it. That's
true. Street Crate Zero, do you
understand me? Tristan Brown says, "Your
political insights are amazing. You've
opened the world political arena to me."
That's so that's so great to hear
Tristan. Uh because I never know like
you know you get I always get a lot of
heat but it's only a tiny crazy minority
that gives me heat. I think most people
like the insides. I try to be as neutral
as possible even though I'm a little
uh biased. Street Zero. Bye-bye. Has to
go for a walk. That's always very
healthy. Walking is good. See you next
time. Mr. to Joe. From the heart of
Vokeland, there are shifts of
perspective. And who's getting hurt
here?
Where are you, Mr. Tojo? Are you Where's
the heart of Vocaland? You mean you're
in Germany?
Real Red Rene. I thought she had a
stroke in India and had to take an
emergency plane back to China and is now
in the hospital. So, oh, is that true? I
missed that one. I was too obsessed with
the stocks. Is that true? Real redneck.
Xi Jingping stroke.
Why did he get a stroke? Was he mean to
Putin?
Stroke.
Oh, wow.
Wait. What?
having a stroke. So that's true.
All the Indian hate comments. So mean
brain stroke.
Is that true?
a problem with
Huh?
No, there's no
it's all fake news.
No, but something happened. I don't know
exactly what happened.
Jeff Fogerty, you mentioned once that it
does not matter if the Gems win. Well,
I'm not saying it doesn't matter. I just
said they it's I think they activity
against Trump and Elon will be subdued
at this point is my guess,
but we will see. Like uh they are sus
suspiciously quiet.
When is Citizen Vigilante 2 coming out?
I don't know. You have to look it up.
It's coming out soon. Should I look it
up for you guys? Citizen
Citizen Vigilante 2. It's coming out
next year. 2027 here.
Citizen Vigilante 2
is coming out.
What is all this crap? Oops.
What
this is these these trash sites
coming out 2027 June no 2027 yeah next
year
that is happening
even if you get China on board how do
you get North Korea Iran they're not
that they're not that important they're
not going to be at the frontier I think
what are your thoughts on transhumanism
I absolutely hate it
I like humans I think and that's very
important you know we need to like
humans and there is a certain I don't
want to sound too theologically or too
Christian but I think humans are a
reflection of a higher divine thing and
that's just a belief or faith and I
think if we deviate from that and say oh
let's just change everything
that's the most dangerous thing we can
do it's very bad so I'm extremely
opposed to it I think we have to develop
more of a respect for ourselves
and that's very important.
Alex Cup, did I say David Cup? Alex Cup?
Yes.
Here, Mr. Cactus. Yo, Joe, do you think
OpenAI is releasing AI horror stories to
also attempt to stifle anthropic and
SpaceX programs because they're afraid
of coming in third?
No. I mean, look at Astra. I think this
is a head-to-head race between Anthropic
and OpenAI.
Uh that also you can't trick Dario like
that. They they're all on board together
with that. I think they're truly scared.
Like I understand we want to be smart.
We want to be 4D chess people, but
sometimes things are just what they
sound like because sometimes it's just
too complicated to play these games.
Now, is there regulatory capture and
play and all these things? Of course.
But at the same time you see massive
acceleration.
Don't you think that for example
tasteful augmentation would be helpful
for health incompetence?
I mean of course taste yeah of course
you have people who have diseases who
are handicapped and for them it could be
amazing but that's not what we are
talking that's not transhumanism and I'm
not saying it's not going to happen by
the way don't get me wrong of course
it's going to happen but we will need I
don't know let's see how it goes but I
am opposed to all these things I have
amazing respect I really like humans
and I mean imagine you transform a human
into something else that's more smart
and more powerful and like what's the
point like you know what is the point we
don't need to be smarter smarter and
more powerful all all day long
I mean what's the point you know it's
kind of stupid because the point is we
are humans we are who we are and then we
invent tools and to service us that's
the whole point think about it we
develop all the technology and tools but
why it is not a good in itself that's
what these idiots these effective Elris
these psycho cults get wrong. You have
to take a step back and understand
everything. The hommansura sentence back
in the day, right? Heracleus, I think,
uh said man is the measure of all
things. Read the ancient Greek
philosophers. They were the smartest
philosophers who ever lived. They
invented it and they were the smartest.
It peaked. It was invented and peaked
right away.
Man is the measure of all things. It's
called the homo mansuda sentence.
Uh
nothing to do with being gay. Homo just
means man in Latin and mensura means the
measure. So it's the measure of all
things
because the entire universe has to be
measured against man.
It's a man- centric perspective
and that is very deep and that means
if that is the center of everything and
Christians would say because it is man
is created in the image of God. So man
and God are kind of the same or they
should be not you can't violate that
that image and the Greeks said the same
thing and there's something very deep
about it
and if you then get all these powers
from either God or from yourself from
evolution for doesn't matter you have a
agnostic or atheist or like non-theistic
perspective which is the hommensura
insight and you have the Christian
perspective it's was created in the
image of God. Same thing in the end. And
if that thing us then is so smart to
kind of invent all these things to make
our lives better, to make us more
powerful, that is all fine. That is in
the function. But it if you then
conclude we should alter ourselves for
ulterior motives of something else, I
think that is extremely bad.
That's what I think. So you have to
think about it abstractly. The point is
not to enhance ourselves into something
else. That is defeats the purpose
completely.
Completely. This is a enormous
philosophical, strategic and theoretic
mistake.
Just saying.
They could succeed at getting things
slowed down and still fail to survive.
That is true, but I think if you slow it
down, you have a better chance of
surviving. Do you avoid triple witching
for trading options? Absolutely not. I'm
holding through this whole thing.
Normally, triple witching is like a zero
some game. Even if something bad happens
on Friday, and it's not always going
down. You don't know what triple
witching actually does. Uh, I don't
care.
Members, I bet they got Vikings there.
Of course they have a lot of Viking
graves in Meckllinburg for opponent in
less we callstein.
This is all the same crowd. Scorner
shun the Germans call it shonen scorner.
Scorn is southern Sweden. And then all
of Denmark and Schlesstein and Magnum.
These are the same people. It's the same
tribe. They have the same things. They
have all these little graves. Hila the
little hill graves.
The Vikings
will left protest against roopobia.
They're not going to protest against
roopobia. They will have robophobia and
protest against the robots. Of course,
the left always protest against anything
that produces anything.
Elon has said it over and over. I like
humans. We ought to keep them around.
That's why I like Elon. He is on the
same page with me. Yes, he said that.
Michael Bush says, "You missed my
point." My point is that the emphasis
should be on the tools in the harness,
not on the intelligence. The tools are
what can cause harm, not the
intelligence alone.
It depends on the intelligence, but at
the current state, you're right. But
but what does that mean?
That is part of the whole thing.
and the intelligence and the harness
become one. Of course, if the harness is
dangerous and then you create an LLM
that is 10 times more intelligent, the
whole thing becomes infinitely more
dangerous in conjunction with the
harness. So while the harness might
create the problem, the intelligence is
the booster to the problem.
Lawabiding citizen.
Lawabiding citizen. Is this new?
Is this a new movie?
2009.
Maybe I saw this movie that's with this
dude
here.
Law abiding citizen.
I probably
did see this movie.
That looks cool. Yeah, I think I don't
know. Have I seen this movie? It looks
very good. I agree.
I like this dude. What's his name?
Forgot his name. This dude is also cool.
Both are cool.
Okay, guys. So, we wrap it up for today.
Now you know the thesis. I think it is
bullish.
Uh we had a very good day today. Not
surprising. But don't forget, don't just
stare at Tesla and SpaceX. They are
underperforming today compared to the
market. So it's definitely not about
them. It is about the market going up
after figuring out yesterday that this
was a good day with the Fed.
Uh so let's wrap it up here with a look
at Micron and look at Tesla. I also have
to take a walk now, chill out a little
bit. I had a very stressful day but
successful in the end
and I hope to see you guys very soon.
Thanks for tuning in. Until tomorrow.
Bye-bye.