Channel:     tesla
Title:       Tesla Q2 2026 Financial Results
URL:         https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9H5y9Uag8AA
Published:   2026-07-22 00:00 UTC
Fetched:     2026-09-04 08:42 UTC

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Heat.
[music]
Heat.
[music]
&gt;&gt; [music]
[music]
&gt;&gt; Heat. Heat.
[music]
&gt;&gt; [music]
[music]
&gt;&gt; Heat. Heat.
Heat. Heat.
[music]
&gt;&gt; [music]
[music]
&gt;&gt; Hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey.
[music]
Heat. Heat.
[music]
Heat. Heat.
[music]
Heat. [music]
[music]
Heat.
[music]
Heat. Heat. N.
[music]
Heat.
[music]
Heat.
[music]
&gt;&gt; [music]
[music]
&gt;&gt; Heat up here. [music]
Heat. Heat. N.
[music]
Heat. Heat. [music]
[music]
&gt;&gt; [music]
[music]
&gt;&gt; Heat. Hey, heat. Hey, heat.
Heat. Heat. N.
[music]
Heat. Heat.
[music]
Heat. Heat.
[music]
&gt;&gt; [music]
&gt;&gt; Heat. Heat.
[music]
&gt;&gt; [music]
&gt;&gt; Good afternoon everyone and welcome to
Tesla's second quarter 2026 Q&amp;A webcast.
My name is Travis Axrod, head of
investor relations and I'm joined today
by Elon Musk, Viva Teneza and a number
of other executives. Our Q2 results were
announced at about 3 p.m. Central time
in the update deck we published at the
same link as this webcast. During this
call, we will discuss our business
outlook and make forward-looking
statements. These comments are based on
our predictions and expectations as of
today. Actual events or results could
differ materially due to a number of
risks and uncertainties, including those
mentioned in our most recent filings
with the SEC.
During the question and answer portion
of today's call, please limit yourself
to one question and one follow-up.
Please use the raise hand button to join
the question queue. Before we jump into
Q&amp;A, Elon has some opening remarks.
Elon. [clears throat]
&gt;&gt; Uh, thank you. So, yeah, it's been a
great quarter. We achieved a record Q2
deliveries. Um, Model Y, I believe, is
now I think it's the best selling car of
any kind in the world and and is setting
records across the board. So, it
popularity is is increasing
tremendously. And we're seeing in uh in
locations that have um FSD approved,
we're seeing a very high tick rate of of
FSD. And and in fact, I think for a lot
of people, they're actually buying Tesla
full self-driving with a car attached as
opposed to a car with FSD. They're
they're coming into our stores uh in the
US and saying they want they want the
full self-driving and and uh with
whatever car it comes with essentially.
So uh clearly the this is this is a
significant uh demand driver and um and
as as we get approval for FSD and uh
different part different countries I
think we'll see a similar uptick in
demand. Um so
um yeah it's looking very good on that
front. the energy at your business is
also growing incredibly fast and um I
think will be um crucial to for the
scale up of artificial intelligence data
centers. Um we're investing a lot in in
growing the the core business and uh and
and really preparing for the future. So
this is this is a massive capex year. Um
but but I'm confident that all the
things that we're investing in are um
what will yield uh incredible returns
really maybe I think the best capex
returns that that we've ever seen
um and and just the you know Tesla team
has performed incredibly well the sab
has started production and we we also
have uh started production and a ramping
in uh well we we will soon stopped
production with the with with Optimus.
We have started production with the the
Tesla semi-truck. We will soon stop
production with Mega Pac 3. Uh we've
started production with the lithium
refinery, the cathode refinery. We also
have we're scaling up battery cell
productions, battery cell production,
and we're also preparing to do a a
massive uh solar panel like solar cells
and and and panel production. Actually,
this is going all the way from silicon
refinement to producing the solar cell
uh and then deployment of of solar
because the there's going to be
tremendous need for electricity in the
future uh due to electrification of
transport and uh and AI obviously. So,
uh we're working on what we believe is
the most ambitious buildout of advanced
infrastructure manufacturing capacity uh
ever uh in history. It's it's a big
deal. So,
with robo taxi. Um our goals are very
ambitious for robo taxi but we do need
to be cautious about um causing any
accidents or causing any any harm to
anyone. Um although there are I think 30
to 40,000 automotive deaths per year in
the United States alone. Uh most of
those do not generate any press when
they you know there that they're you
know you you never really read about
almost any of those. Uh but if we injure
even one person, it'll be worldwide head
headline news. Um and regulators will
immediately clamp down um on our our
activities. So and we don't want to
injure anyone. So So we're going as fast
as humanly possible in scaling robo taxi
um but with while trying to ensure that
we do not harm uh anyone at all um and
and ideally do not even run over a pet.
So, uh, that that's really the
constraint is we're we want to grow as
fast as possible with Robo Taxi without
harm to anyone.
Um, and we're we're providing live
updates for Robo Taxi launch as we open
up in the city. Uh, we immediately post
that on X. So, if you just follow the
Tesla account on X, you you um, we'll
keep you informed as we scale to new
cities. Um, we've opened up in a number
of cities in Florida and and in Texas uh
and obviously in the in the the Bay
Area. So, we'll we'll continue to scale
uh I think very very rapidly on a on
with
um it looks like more than 10% a week in
terms of of miles driven. So, it's a
it's very high compound growth rate.
So, let's see. Optimus. Um,
you know, as you've heard me say before,
I think Optimus will be the biggest
product ever, but it is a very complex
problem to solve. Um, it's it's one of
the one of the hardest things to solve.
Uh, to make a an an autonomous humanoid
robot that can do tasks that you simp if
you simply ask it to do something or
show it a video, it can do the task
without any programming.
um like no one's no one's ever achieved
this. Um and you've got there are many
challenges in the electromechanical
design of the robot uh to achieve
sufficient dexterity and and reliably be
very reliable and have
a long long wear and tear. Like meaning
it's it needs to be out in the field and
not break down. Otherwise, you've got
sort of a 70 kg robot that just flopped
over and you
you got to carry it like a carry it out
like a body, you know, there's no
wheels. So, and we don't want Optimus to
go haywire. Um so, um
it's it's a it's a lot of work to scale
to get the the design right and to scale
production. And and I really want to
emphasize here that that the production
scaling challenge is is is a very very
substantial. This is going to be the
hardest
product to scale manufacturing that we
we've ever made at Tesla because
everything on the robot is new and the
difficulty of scaling the production
ramp is proportionate to the newness um
of the of the parts in the robot. It's
and you know at least with electric cars
the non-electric powertrain portions of
the of the cars had an existing supply
chain. So you you could go to existing
suppliers for wheels and side mirrors
and windshield glass and and that kind
of thing, body panels
and but with Optimus there's there is no
supply chain. So, we've had to build up
a supply supply chain in its entirety um
or in-house the production and we've we
actually've in-house a tremendous
amount. Um the Optimus production line
that we we're building out in Fremont uh
in place of what used to be the model SX
production, it looks incredible. I mean,
it's uh it's quite stunning to see.
Um so um so I just want to be make sure
to calibrate people correctly. It's
octopus will follow the the sort of
normal scurve of manufacturing of a
manufacturing ramp but the initial
portion of the x-curve will be will be
quite flat and and long because of the
newness of the um of the parts in the
robot.
Um,
so, um,
you you've probably seen lots of
impressive demonstrations of robots on
the internet, but but those
demonstrations you're seeing are
pre-programmed or remote controlled. So,
there there is no humanoid robot that is
actually able to do generalized tasks.
Uh, Optimus will be the first one that
is capable of doing that.
um where it's not just a de not just a
demo, it's genuinely useful in
day-to-day life.
So, and Optimus is designed to have um
full human dexterity. So, a hand that
has the same level of dexterity, if not
higher, than a human hand. And the human
hand is an incredible incredible thing.
The more you study the human hand, the
more amazing you realize how you realize
how amazing hands are. There it's more
more than just the posible thumbs. I
mean the the the nuances of how human
hands work are amazing as
like the closer you look the more amazed
you are. Um and um and Optimus will have
that that capability. You'll have human
and then superhuman dexterity. Uh so
it's really going to be quite something.
Um let's see. Terapab um you know the
Terapab we expect to announce the
location soon um and provide uh more
details about our plans in that regard
which but we'll leave that to the
product sort of the the launch
announcement rather than try to squeeze
it into an earnings call because I think
this is a this is a very big
announcement and it deserves to have its
own sort of uh day in the spotlight and
and not be sort of squeezed into an
earnings
But I do think Terrafab is going to be
an an amazing initiative and a necessary
one and one without which we will will
be constrained in our ability to scale
Optimus production because we we simply
won't have enough AI chips.
So it's um it's it's crucial to solve
that and we we'll we'll have to solve um
memory logic and packaging for in order
to scale Optimus.
So um but anyway like I said we'll leave
that to its own announcement. Uh we've
placed equipment orders for our
development fab in in Austin. Um and uh
that development fab I think is pretty
cool because it's intended to be to have
um lithography mask production um and
then logic, memory and packaging and
chip testing all under one roof. So you
you can have a very fast iterative cycle
um and try out new chip designs very
quickly and see if they work. I I don't
think such a building exists anywhere on
Earth. So, this is really going to be
super helpful as we
try some um exciting, adventurous,
high-risk, high payoff bets on on AI
chips. Um they focus, like I said, on
primarily on Optimus, like how do we
make Optimus as useful as possible?
Um then we have like we have digital
optimist which is basically
um
driving driving a computer screen. I
guess you could call it computer use or
something like that but driving a
computer screen in the same way that you
drive a car. So for the car it's it's
sort of pixels in or photons in and
controls out. The same thing is true for
Optimus and digital Optimus. It's
photons in controls out. So we we feel
confident we can adapt the the same
Tesla AI technology that we developed
for uh self-driving cars to have a
self-driving uh computer screen or
self-driving computer essentially. Um,
so the self-driving computer uh where
where the the Tesla um the very low cost
Tesla AI4 computer can uh handle all of
the sort of short-term tasks. They're
doing real-time video control of the
screen of the computer. Uh so it's not
like screenshots type of thing. It's
real-time video um at high frame rate.
And um and this get digital optimist
will be important obviously for physical
optimist because physical optimist needs
to be able to operate computers like it
can't come up to a touchcreen and not
know what to do. It's got to have a
generalized touchcreen and computer use
capability.
Um so that's that's looking promising.
And um it this is in partnership with
SpaceX. SpaceX is Brock sort of the big
model that is kind of like the the
manager of digital optimist and um and
kind of tells digital optimist what to
do. Uh it provides it with a series of
tasks and then and then digital optimist
goes and do does those tasks.
Um so
um we're also building out a mega pod
design that has um Tesla AI4 computers
with um with x86. This is a pairing um
an X86
um computer with the Tesla AI4 computer
in in a box. And it's kind of just
digital Optimus in a box.
um and and in in a mega pod, you know,
kind of like the mega packaging.
And so where we where we we put just a
a large number of of AI4 plus x86
um combos in um in a giant box
essentially. Um and these boxes can be
placed anywhere in in the country or or
outside the country. Um and this allows
us to uh scale AI compute using um this
aggregated uh electricity production. So
you you because there's lots of places
all around the world including at our
superchargers. Um I think we've got
something like seven gaws of power at
our supercharges and and growing. Um and
we can place uh megapods at at many of
these supercharges and and have
distributed uh power for AI. So I think
I think that that could be quite a big
deal. So, uh, in conclusion, we're super
excited about our autonomy and robotics
roadmap. Um, there's so much awesome
stuff coming. It's, uh, it's, like I
said, hard to squeeze into an earning
school. Um, but we'll have a lot of
product announcements. Um, and, uh, this
is going to be a a great year for Tesla.
I think one of our best years ever. And
then I think next year will be even
better. So, um, in conclusion, I want to
thank the Tesla team for their excellent
execution and all of our supporters for
joining joining us in this journey.
Thank you.
&gt;&gt; Great. Uh, thanks so much, Elon. Uh, and
now, Veov has some opening remarks.
&gt;&gt; Thanks, Travis. So, Q2 continued the
trend that we saw at the end of Q1, a
resurgence in demand for vehicles across
the globe. We achieved record Q2
deliveries globally with sequential
growth. across the Americas, APAC and
AMIA of 60%, 27% and 12% respectively.
Additionally, Model Y set records in
several key markets including the
Netherlands, Australia, and New Zealand.
The efforts of the Tesla team to create
compelling products at a reasonable
price with the cap capability of
autonomous driving are coming to
futition. We exited Q2 with our largest
order backlog since 2023.
We are therefore focused on increasing
production at all our factories to meet
this growing demand. Production growth
will be limited by our supply chain.
This includes not just batteries but
also electronic components. We've been
here before and like always, our Tesla
team is working actively to unblock the
obstacles ahead by securing strategic
deals with suppliers.
Like Elon mentioned, one of the key
factors for grow for vehicle uh demand
has been FSD. We our sales data suggests
one of the main reasons comes are coming
and looking at the car is because of
FSD. In Q2 we had in North America about
55% of our deliveries had FSD
subscription at the time of delivery
enabled.
Overall FSD attach rates continue to
improve reaching nearly 1.5 million paid
sub paid customers globally of which 55%
is upfront purchases and the remaining
45% is subscriptions. We expect that the
bulk of the growth in FSG monetization
will come from subscriptions as we've
removed the purchase option in most
markets.
Automotive automotive margins excluding
regulatory credits declined sequentially
from 19.2% to 16.3%.
As a reminder, we had highlighted in Q1
that we had a 230 million benefit from
warranty trowns and some tariff relief
which did not repeat in Q2. Controlling
for the impact of those benefits from
the prior quarter, our automotive gross
margins excluding credits would have
been approximately flat. This
demonstrates the effective pricing and
cost management done by the Tesla team
as we continue to drive demand.
Commodity price increases and interest
rate changes all continue to add to our
cost. Note that interest rate subvention
cost are recognized uh upfront as
revenue offset. So as interest rates
have risen this year the cost of
subvention has risen along with them
which had a negative impact on
automotive margins.
As we have previously noted, energy
business is inherently lumpy.
Deployments are tied to customer
timelines and largely out of our
control. In Q2, we deployed 13.5 gatt
hour of energy storage, a 53% sequential
increase and the second largest quarter
for energy business. Despite this
growth, energy gross margins declined
from 39.5% to 20.4%.
This margin decline was a result of
several dynamics. First, there was a
warranty true up in the quarter of about
240 million related to center vendor
cell issues for our legacy deployments.
Also, the tariff benefits we recognized
in Q1 of more than 200 million did not
repeat. And lastly, we had previously
guided that ASPs for industrial storage
is coming down amidst uh growing
competition. Long-term, we believe the
energy business should normalize at a
gross margin rate in the mid to low 20%
range. Our order backlog of this
business is robust and we are doing our
best to build based on both existing
demand and future demand we expect from
data center growth and overall
electrification of the economy.
Service and other margins improved
sequentially from 9.2% 2% to 14.1% an
all-time high. This was mainly driven by
an uptick in volume and better cost
management of our vehicle fleet that
supports businesses such as used car,
supercharging, service centers, and
insurance. While marginal today, also
included in this business are deliberate
investments we are making in
infrastructure that will help scale
robotaxi in the future. We continue to
grow the Tesla robot taxi fleet and have
expanded to a total of seven markets in
the US. We expect the ramp of the fleet
to accelerate throughout the year along
with expansion into new US markets.
As previously guided, operating expenses
increased sequentially. The increase
came primarily from significant research
and development related activities
including pre-production ramp cost for
new products like the semi-truck,
optimus, cybercap and other AI
initiatives as well as the appreciation
for an additional compute that we
brought online.
Additionally, we had charges related to
litigation expenses in the quarter. Note
that we are in a big investment cycle
and expect our operating expenses
largely driven by R&amp;D to continue to
grow in 2026 and beyond.
Net income was positively impacted by a
marktomarket gain of 1 billion on our
SpaceX holdings which was offset by
losses on FX of approximately 300
million and on Bitcoin of uh about 100
million. As previously guided, our free
cash flow ended up being negative for
the quarter.
Most of the reason for the it going
negative is because capex more than
doubled sequentially and we expect it to
increase further in the second half of
2026.
We continue to expect that capex for
this year will be more than 25 billion.
Capex will grow for the next two or
three years as we expand our robot taxi
fleet, expand our production capacity
for Optimus, make investments for
semiconductor fab, install solar
manufacturing capacity and AI compute
infrastructure. In addition to all the
other expansions we'll do for other
manufacturing for automotive,
in addition to using our cash for such
investments, we are being opportunistic
in securing certain debt facilities that
will give us the capacity to borrow up
to 30 billion to help accelerate such
investments. We believe this is the
right strategy to position the company
for the next era and we'll always make
such investments in a very capital
efficient manner. The path to amazing
abundance is ever challenging and
requires making bold bets. Our progress
will not be will be nonlinear. The
future is going to be great and we are
ready to rise to the occasion. I would
like to end by thanking the Tesla team,
our customers, investors and suppliers
for their confidence in us on this
journey.
[clears throat]
&gt;&gt; Thanks so much. Um, as everyone on the
call may have noticed, uh, we've covered
several of the say.com questions already
in opening remarks, including Optimus
production, Terraab, and Digital
Optimus. Uh, Ashoke is joining us today,
our VP of AI, and he's going to cover
questions related to Robbo taxi. Ashoke,
&gt;&gt; thank you, Travis. Many of the questions
on say.com relate to robotaxi deployment
and scaling. So, we thought we'd provide
a comprehensive view of where we are now
and where we are going in the future.
First of all, I'd like to state that the
robot taxi program has been operating
extremely well, especially in terms of
safety. The program has had an
impeccable safety record. We have driven
more than 380,000 mi of unsupervised
robot taxi, now across six cities in two
different states.
We have had zero notable incidents.
Any reports have been of other actors
impacting us when we were stationary.
Again, I'd like to emphasize how safe
the operation has been so far. Zero
notable incidents over 380,000 miles.
Historically, the so-called experts have
always claimed that you need lightars,
radars, HD maps, and the entire kitchen
sink to drive safely.
Here, we show that such is not true. You
can have safe, comfortable, and
affordable autonomy with just cameras.
This record should be a huge validation
of Tesla's entire AI approach.
Second, I'd like to discuss scaling.
We started the robot taxi program
roughly a year ago in Austin. We had
safety monitors in the passenger seats
of the cars back then. Around the end of
last year, we had the first fully
unsupervised robot axis in Austin.
Since the beginning of this year, we
have grown at doubledigit growth rates
to the number of unsupervised miles that
the fleet drives every week. I repeat,
we have grown at such a high compounding
rate on a week-overweek basis over the
last several months.
Not only that, we expect to continue
growing at such a large rate through the
rest of this year. The other thing to
note is that for expanding to new
cities, it has been relatively less
effort on our front. We expect that the
time to launch to a new city will
continue to trend towards zero towards
an end where we operate in entire states
as a whole instead of going by city by
city.
Such growth was only possible because we
have a world-class engineering team at
the frontier AI development here at
Tesla.
The currently operating robotaxi fleet
is already running early version early
versions of the V15 FSD software that we
had referred to in the past
for V15. We had planned roughly about
seven major improvement tracks uh and
they're all happening in parallel. Uh
the early V15 builds that are running on
robot have already 40% of those tracks
merged together. Uh and that's what's
running in the fleet right now. As we
continue to complete our work on V15, we
will see that the car is going to be
ridiculously safe and capable. We're
already seeing internal signs that all
of these bets that we have made for
technology improvements are all
continuing to are all starting to work.
Uh and we expect that the payoff uh will
be huge and that's what is going to help
us sustain the same growth rate uh
through the rest of this year and so on.
Finally, regarding the Cyber Cap, first
of all, it's a phenomenal product.
Anyone who rides in it instantly falls
in love with the experience. We have
aligned our manufacturing targets to
roughly match the projected growth rate
of the unsupervised miles. The same V15
models that power the Model Y and other
platforms will also work on cyber gaps.
In conclusion,
robo taxi growth so far has been
literally exponential while keeping an
impeccable safety record. Our technology
bets are paying off helping us sustain
the exponential growth for the
foreseeable foreseeable future and the
cyber cap is going to be awesome.
&gt;&gt; That's great. Uh thanks so much Ashoke.
Um and there was one remaining question
on data collection for Optimus training.
Would you mind covering that as well?
&gt;&gt; Yep. Um regarding Optimus uh especially
Gen 3, Optimus has been designed to not
just match the appearance of human
beings but also the functionality and
dex dexterity of humans.
One of the main reasons for this
approach is that having the human form
factor and function allows us to learn
from humans on how to perform a wide
variety of tasks. This opens up the
entire world to provide data for
training Optimus. Just like FSD, we have
access to a broad fleet of humans giving
us data from all of the workers at our
factory. Optimus can learn quite a bit
from observing them perform their tasks
at the factories. We also have a
dedicated data collection team who can
provide relatively small amount but of
very high quality demonstrations to do
the post- training uh of these models.
This is this is all on top of any
training we can do off of the entire
internet uh of data that shows
demonstrations of people doing various
tasks uh both in industrial settings and
home settings.
The second flywheel is when we have a
large number of Optimus robots
practicing their tasks in what we call
the Optimus Academy. The data from the
bots experiencing the task themselves
will be invaluable and help us close any
minor form factor gaps that may exist
between the bot and the humans.
This is also when the reinforcement
learning loop kicks in where the bot
initially attempts some task fails
sometimes learns from both the successes
and failures of those task and
eventually learns to master those task
at perhaps a superhuman level. Our AI
strategy for Optimus is aligned the
same. Uh it's the same end to-end
strategy that drives FSD pixels in
controls out. Um and just like FSD, we
expect it to work broadly. In FSD, you
know, you can get in the car, type in an
address, and then hit start and it's
like handles all of driving from park to
park. And the same thing is going to be
true for Optimus as well. You're going
to just ask it to do anything. And then
it just perform the entire task on its
own without you having to do anything
along the way. And it's the same team
that produced FSD, you know, the V12,
13, 14, and now V15 software that now
works on Optimus as well. Hence, I'm
very confident that Optimus will be an
extremely capable robot.
&gt;&gt; Uh, great. Thank you so much, Ashoke.
Um, so that covers uh the say.com
questions. Uh, now we we will move over
to analyst questions. The first question
comes from Tom from RBC. Um, Tom, please
feel free to unmute yourself when you're
ready.
Tom, you're still on mute. Uh, so
please, uh, unmute yourself and go ahead
and ask your question.
All right, we're we're not getting any
audio from Tom at the moment. So, uh we
will try to move on uh to Andrew and
we'll add Tom back to the queue uh to
come in next. Um so, uh uh Andrew uh as
soon as you can, please unmute yourself
and ask your question.
Hey, can you hear me?
&gt;&gt; Yes, we can.
&gt;&gt; Awesome. Uh, thanks so much for taking
the question. Um, so maybe just to start
out on Optimus, um, Elon, you mentioned
that, you know, there's really no supply
chain today for for Optimus, so you've
had to mostly insource a lot of that
yourself. I I'm just curious as as
you've gone through this exercise, are
are you seeing any suppliers willing to,
you know, invest alongside you to to set
up domestic manufacturing to potentially
help you scale more quickly uh in the
US. Uh you know, asking that in the
context of obviously, you know, you want
to control your own destiny to some
extent and ramp as quickly as possible,
but from an investment cycle standpoint,
you know, potentially more capital
efficient to have some partners, you
know, help you along the way. So, I'm
just curious how you're thinking about
that and and some of the dialogue you've
had with potentially some external
suppliers.
&gt;&gt; Elon, you may be on mute uh right now.
We can't hear you.
&gt;&gt; Sorry. Yeah. I our supplies have been
have been great and they've they've made
they have made and are making tremendous
investments uh in in support of um
Optimus and uh Roboaxi and whatnot. Um,
you know, Samsung and TSMC in particular
are um building FAS TSMC in uh Arizona
and Samsung in Texas and putting in tens
of billions of dollars uh for to build
AI compute for um Optimus and and
Roboaxi. Um Panasonic has also invested
many billions in increasing uh battery
cell production. Um, oh, I'm a little
I'm a little I'm a little under the
weather here. I'm a bit ill, so I I
sound a little off. I'm kind of
struggling with some I'm a little bit
ill today. So, um, yeah, but but our
partners have been been great. Um, and
I'd like to thank them for their their
support and their their investment and
their hard work.
&gt;&gt; Great. Thanks. Thanks for that. And and
maybe just as a
&gt;&gt; So, sorry, Andrew. We're going to have
uh Kin hop in here uh for additional
color uh briefly.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, [clears throat] just to add to
Elon's point that you know the the
Samsung fab that's going to be uh pretty
significantly dedicated to future
projects. That's a massive investment
multi-billion dollar. We're we're having
we're seeing the same level of
investment going into memory and also uh
new specificities like metal injection
molded parts, flexible printed circuits
and all sorts of nonlinear technologies
that are uh you know more based for the
robot as opposed to the traditional
vehicle supply chain. we've had uh and
in certain cases where we don't find a
great partner uh we we've never
hesitated from endsourcing it and we
have a very capable manufacturing
engineering team and a design team that
uh helps us scale those things.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, I'd actually um I'd also like to
thank Micron for um giving us memory
allocation. um they they're going to
make some very tough decisions on memory
allocation and we really appreciate um
Micron making room for Tesla um in the
years to come and and giving us actually
very significant allocation on on
reasonable terms given the the pretty
insane pricing of memory these days.
&gt;&gt; Great. Really appreciate that that color
and and maybe just my followup on robo
taxis. you guys gave a lot of of great,
you know, information in your prepared
remarks, but you know, there's seems to
be some evolving regulations at the
state level potentially around sensor
requirements. So, I'm just curious as
you think about your own roll out, what
do you want to see or what do you need
to see from regulators to make sure
that, you know, obviously some
regulation might be good, but you don't
want it to be overregulated. So, what
are you expecting to see? What do you
want to see to make sure that this is,
you know, done in a proper way? and and
we've got Lars on the line. Um Lars, if
you wouldn't mind uh covering this one
if you can.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, sure. Um I mean I think you know
we talk about regulation particularly in
the US we've made a lot of headway
um and you know just good initiatives
from the the federal government in terms
of the FMVSS rules uh moving towards you
know acceptance and adoption of purely
built AVs and I really appreciate the
support from Nitsa on that. Um when it
comes to like a state-to-state level,
obviously the stuff in New Jersey um you
know is a little bit disheartening. I
think ultimately as a choke said in his
opening remarks, we really focus on the
performance of the vehicle and
ultimately that's what's going to drive
um regulators and the the public to to
adopt it. You know, I think um you know,
the best regulations are those that
provide companies and innovators with uh
a goal or a task and allow us to figure
out the solution. And um when we see
regulations that uh provide a solution
before identifying the problem, we
really don't, you know, appreciate
those. But um as Tesla always has and
will continue to do, we'll let our
performance speak for itself. And um I
think a show played that out really
clearly and um that that that'll be the
the foundation of our expansion moving
forward.
&gt;&gt; Great. Thanks for the questions.
&gt;&gt; Uh thanks so much. Uh we're going to try
Tom again uh from RBC. Uh Tom, can you
unmute and try to speak, please?
Unfortunately, Tom, we see you unmuted,
but we're not hearing you. So, uh we're
going to have to send you back into the
queue. Um, next is Alex from Bank of
America. Uh, Alex, as soon as you can
please unmute yourself.
&gt;&gt; Hey, uh, [clears throat] thanks thanks
for the questions here. Um, just a few
follow-ups on on robo taxi actually. I
guess what milestone should investors be
watching from here that would cause you
to accelerate your fleet scaling or
market deployments? you know, is it the
further safety validation like a miles
driven per incident or or something
else? And then um would you ever
consider thirdparty distribution
partnerships such as with ride share
providers uh to increase utilization or
is the plan for now to keep uh robo taxi
fully vertically integrated? Thanks.
Yeah, I mean we expect to be vertically
integrated with robo taxi as we are in
the rest of our business. Um so I I
don't think we're going to have any
demand challenges with robo taxi. So
this this is um the economics will be so
compelling that I I think we will really
have a lot more um desire to use the
service than than you know like I think
demand will strip our ability to service
the demand. Um and and so obviously you
just there's no no you can just go
vertical in that situation.
So it's really just about going through
and it what we call the the march of
nines of reliability where you need like
like how many nines of reliability do
you need to scale you know ideally you
want 99.9999
you know percent reliable
um and um and so that's that's the it's
just the mines of reliability is I think
the only thing really constraining our
growth in roaxing
Great. Uh, thanks Elon. Uh, the next
question is going to come from Colin at
Wells Fargo. Uh, Colin, please, uh,
unmute yourself when you're ready.
&gt;&gt; Oh, great. Uh, thanks for taking my
questions. Um, there's been a lot of
chatter about SpaceX and Tesla combining
in some way. I mean, a lot of
collaboration already today. I mean
Elon, do you see synergies eventually
from combining the companies? You does
that make sense from you from your
perspective over time?
&gt;&gt; Well, I mean, as you can tell from all
the many collaborations on on so many
fronts with with SpaceX and, you know,
and and there there's a lot there's
there's more and more overlap. Um,
especially with Terraab, that's that's
really going to be, you know, a gigantic
project. Um,
So, but obviously, you know, we can't
talk about, you know, combining
[clears throat] companies and that kind
of thing on on a school. It's it's got
to be done with the appropriate process.
And with that, I'll I'll turn it over to
Brandon, our general counsel.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. No, thanks, Elon. And that's
exactly right. We continue to benefit
from our relationship with SpaceX and
we've had they've been a great partner
and we have numerous beneficial
transactions with them. And earlier this
year, we deepened our relationship
through an investment and a framework
agreement. This will allow us to
continue to work with them on projects
that Elon mentioned like Terraab and
Digital Optics.
[clears throat]
&gt;&gt; Yeah. And then there's there's many
other things too. Obviously, you've got
you've got Grock in the car. Um and um
so and and Grock helping yeah drive
digital Optimus. Um, you've also got
Starlink being integrated into um the uh
Cyber Cap and and Sonic will be
integrated into all of our vehicles at
least for markets that uh Starink is
active um because for a rover taxi
situation um you need to have you know
coverage everywhere and there are many
many places even in Silicon Valley where
the cellular coverage is is a ter
terrible or sometimes non-existent which
is surprising for Silicon Valley but um
but I know when I when I drive to work
those first 10 15 minutes I I can't
actually do any calls because the cell
connectivity is so bad. So we can't have
uh robo taxis um getting stuck in these
like Bermuda triangles of lack of
cellular connectivity. Um so so Starlink
with its ability to do connectivity
anywhere is actually quite important.
Um, so we don't have, you know, car robo
taxis missing an action. Um, and then
obviously if if if people are sitting in
the car, they're they're going to want
to do high productivity stuff or or
entertainment. And with Starlink, you
can watch, you know, full 4K live sports
um in the car and with with very low
cost per gigabyte of data as that's
that's really not feasible via the
cellular system. And there's many I
think there's many other situations.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. I mean I would say think of it
like uh Ashok was mentioning about cyber
cab right that the experience is great
in a world when you don't have to focus
on driving you have you have all the
play all the time in the car to do
whether it's a conference call watch a
movie or anything. That's why if you
look at the cybercap design, it has a
big screen and you know we've
[clears throat] started doing cybercap
rights in uh our factory in Austin and
when you go through that experience you
I mean soon customers would be able to
do it in not too distant future and then
you'll understand why that connectivity
becomes so important.
&gt;&gt; Great. And then Colin do you have a
follow-up? Yeah, just uh if I follow up
on on robo taxi, you know, if I look at
the launches, it's been you've been
adding cities, but the the number of
units is still, you know, looks like
based on media reports sort of in the
dozens as opposed to hundreds. You know,
why not just sort of scale up Austin or
one or two cities before adding cities
and and sort of what do you need to sort
of get that, you know, higher volume
numbers in in a major city? what what
sort of is the roadblock to sort of
adding more vehicles on the ground?
&gt;&gt; Yeah, the reason we have been expanding
across different cities instead of just
doubling down on a single city is that
we want to make sure that our stack is a
very general one. We it is a general
one. We just want to like you know both
pro to ourselves and to other folks that
it is uh working across a lot of
different cities without too much effort
per city. Uh and that's what we see
internally. uh and then as Iron
mentioned earlier the growth rate has
been uh literally exponential just it's
in the early part of the exponential
that's why it's hard for others to
comprehend in terms of like miles versus
the vehicles since these uh vehicles
operating the robot taxi fleet drive
basically uh continuously as opposed to
human drivers who who use vehicles for
maybe a couple hours a day or something
like that. These vehicles are in mostly
continuous operation which means that
even for a few vehicles you can get a
lot of miles out of them and that's why
we are tracking the amount of
unsupervised miles or just the number of
vehicles or something like that and we
want to be operating in a very efficient
fleet. So all of the work that goes into
uh the efficiency makes it even more so
that we get a lot of miles per vehicle
available in the fleet.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. And just to add further to this,
I'm like what think of it, we're trying
to scale this and we're trying to make
sure that there are different kinks
which would be there and there are
things not just on the software front on
the operation front which we're also
trying to tackle. So that's why we're
trying to have a broader footprint to
try and make sure before we go really
high in terms of deployment that we are
able to sort these things out in a
smaller fleet in a controlled manner.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. One of the things for cyber cab
should be noted is because it is a new
vehicle chassis um we need we need to
accumulate um driving data that is
specific to the cyber cab before we can
put a lot of them on the road. Uh so
unlike say Model 3, Model Y and our
other vehicles where we've got a lot of
lot of vehicles on the road, millions of
vehicles on the road, um we we we don't
have that for subcap. So we actually
have to accumulate um miles with sold
caps that are retrofitted with um
steering wheels and and brakes you
acceleration braking paddles that kind
of thing um to calibrate to the the
cyber cap chassis. So, so you'll see uh
as as as we are confident about that the
number of cyber caps and cities will
increase dramatically.
&gt;&gt; Great. Our next question Oh yeah, go
ahead.
&gt;&gt; I can just add like one thought here.
The the other reason I just want to like
point out is you know transport like TCO
transportation regulatory uh situations
are different city by city state by
state is not a federal you know
framework to do that and so like the
reason we're expanding city by city is
to make sure that we're meeting all of
those one at a time and we're satisfying
you know all of the requests of each
individual city and and you know in in
every way we can. So we have to expand,
you know, to each city to meet those
requirements and we'll continue to do so
and and and to all of what Ashok and Vib
and Ashok said. We'll we'll follow up
the skilling.
&gt;&gt; Thanks Lars. The next question is come
from Walt from Lightshed. Uh Walt,
please unmute yourself.
&gt;&gt; Thanks. Just a quick followup for that
Lars comment. I mean the Nits
administrator Jonathan Marson was just
on CNBC. you know, he already, you know,
was trying to get rid of the pedal and
said, I forget his exact term, but
seemed like he wanted to get rid of the
steering wheel. It seemed like that
would be a gating factor, but is there
other things that you need at the
federal level to really kind of unlock
um your ability to to ramp cyber capab?
&gt;&gt; Um I I mean the short answer is no. I
mean, I think we have a great
relationship with Nitson and and you
know, director administrator Morrison
especially. Uh, and you know, I think
they're just following through with with
what, um, you know, the public wants and
the world knows is coming and they're
trying to stay ahead of it and and make
sure that, you know, they're they're
doing the right things in place. So, um,
you know, we've been open and honest
with with them for the last couple years
about what our plans were and what we're
doing. And um you know we don't want to
say we're in lock step but but uh you
know I feel like we have a partner there
and we're working together on it.
&gt;&gt; Got it. And then just Elon kind of a
roadmap question I guess. Um Starlink
obviously is integrated in Cyber Cab and
and you guys just talked about the
connectivity for watching movies but
what about the flip side of that? Can
these can the Cyber Cabs become remote
hotspots for Starlink mobile? And then
similarly roadmap question on the semi
you know when do you anticipate um
looking at autonomy for the semi because
that seems like a pretty sizable market
as well in terms of autonomous trucking
and the need for it given what's going
on in our country right now.
&gt;&gt; Yeah absolutely there as you um allude
to there is a a really serious shortage
of truckers. Um so um there just aren't
enough people who around who who want to
drive trucks um which are crucial for
transport throughout America. Um so so
an autonomous semi is actually going to
be very important to address the the
shortage of truck drivers. Um and and
obviously will be great for um improving
safety and uh and you know making it
easier on truck drivers to have a
self-driving semi is is going to yeah I
think dramatically improve safety and
and comfort for truck drivers that um
you know yeah use the Tesla semi. Um
the you know since the the units the
total number of units of the Tesla semi
is still low and and will continue to be
a very small percentage even by the end
of this year of our total vehicle fleet.
U it makes sense for us to focus our
efforts our self-driving efforts on our
high volume uh vehicles. So, Model 3 and
Y um and and solving self-driving for
and really getting, you know, the point
where it's a generalized unsupervised
self-driving for uh for for those
vehicles um and Cyber Cap. So, so we
expect to
um do get get self-driving working on
the the Tesla Semi um probably around
the end of this year or early next year.
Um and um but we I just don't want it to
be uh a distraction um on the you know
on the march of nines of of um
self-driving of of safety for
self-driving on three wine cyber cap
that's uh so that it's uh taking a bit
of a backseat for the next 6 months or
so for autonomous semi but it will be um
you know it will definitely be a bit
working next year and um in in time for
the scale up to high production of the
Tesla semary
um for for for communications. Yeah, I
think I think there's an interesting
angle there where um you you could use
the uh Starling terminals that are in
the Tesla cars as um [clears throat]
like sort of cell towers I suppose or
connectivity towers basically for
providing relays on the ground to um to
cell phones and to um anyone who who
would like Wi-Fi basically. Um
but yeah, I mean this is a different
subject but obviously we could do that
with the stationary stalling terminals
too.
&gt;&gt; All right. Um our next question is going
to come from Will at Truist. Uh Will,
please unmute yourself.
&gt;&gt; Great. Thanks so much for taking my
question. Um, uh, Elon, you teased us a
little bit about, um, sort of the supply
chain relative to Optimus, highlighting
how difficult it's going to be, but we'd
be really interested to understand what
your propensity is uh, to um,
manufacture
uh, semis for this yourself. When we
think about microprocessors,
microcontrollers, actuators, and other
uh semiconductors that are going to be
used, it it occurs to me that uh you
have many that are commercially
available. You have an option to design
some but have them uh made at at third
party fabs. You also have the option
potentially to design and make them
yourself. What what should we think
about your propensity to uh source these
components in these different manners?
you're talking about like um making like
microcontrollers and small like the
various computers that are in the car
that operate um you know like the
steering system and the braking system
that
&gt;&gt; I'm I'm talking about for Optimus not
for um
&gt;&gt; yeah um
Optimus has a lot of um really
specialized power electronics and and
circuit boards um it's all Tesla design
um design stuff. Um but but it is
fabricated by suppliers um
for Optimus uh 4 um which will be built
in
um Austin um that that will be a much
more vertically integrated uh supply
system for Rockimus 4. Um and that and
that would you know we'd aim to have an
order of magnitude more production of
Optimus 4 than Optimus 3. So sort of
aspirationally 10 million units a year
versus a million units a year of Optimus
3. Um [clears throat] um but but you
know with all the caveats there which is
insanely difficult to scale production.
Um
so um and and yeah Optimus Optimus 4
will be much more vertically integrated.
So probably doing a lot of the sort of
PCV work in inhouse for that.
uh as a followup um well first maybe you
could talk about the timing as to when
that when Optimus 4 should be um should
let's say start production but the the
actual followup I wanted to ask was uh
the plan to upgrade hardware 3 to
hardware 4 in order to uh be able to uh
process um uh I suppose it's version 15
of the and and future versions of FSD.
Is that still the plan to do hardware
upgrades on the cars?
&gt;&gt; I think it's going to make sense for for
to upgrade
um all cars with that are
um have less than hardware for almost
all any cars that have cameras basically
cuz otherwise it probably too too many
modifications. But anything that's got
sort of um that that's that's set up for
cameras uh it'll be financially sensible
at some point to upgrade them. Uh and
but I think we'd want to upgrade them to
the next generation of um you know like
next generation AI AI board. So it would
be either um like we haven't we have an
upgraded AI4
uh chip that's sort of a
medium sort of a moderate improvement
over AI4 probably reaches production
around the middle of next year. Um and
then there's also AI5 which hopefully is
in volume production um around the build
of next year. Um AI5 will initially go
into Optimus.
Um
and uh actually making very good
progress. So the Tesla chip team is
really doing doing great work and making
incredibly fast progress on AI 5 and and
we're I'm very excited about the design
of the Tesla AI6 chip. I think it's I
think it's going to be the best edge
computing chip in the world. Um, and if
somebody's got a better one, I'd like to
meet that person to shake their hand cuz
the AI sex chip is just so good. Um,
so I think we got we got a I think it's
going real well, really well on the chip
front. Um, yeah, and again, I'd like to
thank our thank TSMC and Samsung and
Micron for the support.
&gt;&gt; Great. Uh we are coming up on the hour,
but we're gonna try to squeeze uh Dan
in. So uh from from Barclays, uh Dan,
please unmute yourself.
&gt;&gt; Uh great. Thank you. Uh appreciate it.
Um I'd like to ask about uh the the pace
and path of capex. Elon, in the past
you've said that, you know, you'll spend
as much as you can, but you know, really
efficiency seems like it's the gating uh
factor. So to what extent right now in
this capex cycle is your pace of capex
effectively capped simply because
spending any more would be done in an
inefficient manner? And to what extent
is the the pace of capex really the
primary determinant right now in
unlocking the different supply
constraints that you have?
&gt;&gt; Yeah, it's a good question. Um I I've
actually you know my my what I've asked
the Tesla team to do is is like really
we should be spending on capex as fast
as we can spend as fast as we can
without without it being too wasteful.
So, I'm not trying to aim for like some
extremely high efficient efficiency
capital spend because that would slow
things down. Um, so it's trying to it's
a balance between like how much cap, you
know, sort of capital efficiency versus
time. Um, so if if we can be it's okay
to be a little less capital efficient if
we get things done sooner because that's
actually going to be the the higher um
MPV outcome for the company. Um, so, um,
overall I'm pretty happy with how things
going. I mean, we're doing an incredible
amount of construction and and
production growth in so many different
arenas simultaneously.
Um, I don't think there's ever been a
company that's done this to at this
scale. You know, maybe proportionately
back in when Henry Ford did the Model T
or something like that, but then or
World War II when uh, you know,
companies were were
making tattoos or scale up weapons
production but I think probably this is
the fastest industrial scale up and
since World War II in America.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. And I will just add a little bit
on that. Basically, if you look at it,
you know, all our spend on capex is
trying to do productive assets, right?
We're basically scaling factories,
whether it's Optimus, whether it's
CyberCap, whether it's LFP factory,
which went into operation earlier this
year, or the semiaactory
or even putting in a semiconductor fab
in there, as well as, you know, we are
trying to get a lot of solar
manufacturing in the US. In fact,
&gt;&gt; yeah, yeah, this is underrated, by the
way. Please go ahead. Yeah, I was going
to Yeah, basically you know the amount
of solum manu infection which happens in
the US we're just going to uh multiply
it with an order of magnitude and none
of these things are easy right because
what you have to do is in order to build
a factory you have to start from ground
zero so just so you know again I don't
think we have shared this we end up
being the general contractor for almost
all our construction facilities because
we are doing that much construction and
&gt;&gt; so going back to what Elon was saying
we're going at a very rapid scale and
yes uh you know this means that we have
we are doing a lot of things all at the
same time and that's why you know we
just have to go as fast as we can
humanly make uh things work in the real
world
&gt;&gt; yeah our capex efficiency I think is
offscale
Great.
&gt;&gt; All righty. And then Dan, yeah. Did you
have a follow-up that we can wrap up
with?
&gt;&gt; Yeah, maybe just a quick question on on
energy storage, which uh you know, I I
think is uh uh a key topic here. Maybe
you can just address you know, to what
extent is energy storage going to be
supply constraint for the foreseeable
future? And then just to what extent are
are the deployments right now the
typical peak shaving that you'd see at
utilities versus you've talked about in
some of your materials um you know for
battery storage addressing the the
quality of power issue for data centers
given the sharp fluctuations in power
use where you have an advantage given
software power electronics. So just what
is that demand curve right now between
data centers versus just broader peak
shaving for utilities?
Um well it's still mostly um it's not
just peak shaving but it's also grid
balancing. So it's not it's not just
like the facts are on briefly but for
balancing for balancing power from um
wind generation and solar generation uh
batteries are are awesome. Um I mean the
solar battery combination will be how
the vast majority of energy in the world
is produced in the future. Um, that's
already of course how all of the
Starling satellites are are powered is
with solar solar panels and batteries.
So, and you can just think of Earth like
a giant satellite.
Um, there's there's far more power
available from the sun than anything
else by far. Um, and uh and we we think
power constraints are going to be there
already a major issue for for AI, you
know, just turning on the the AI
computers. AI comput demand is so high
that um people are having even the so-al
you know the hyperscalers are having
trouble turning on the their their um
their AI compute and finding the power
and then um smoothing the power with uh
you know especially for the training
runs where the power cycles dramatically
um in a in a in a very short period of
time you can have during a training run
the the power consumption can drop by
you know 70% for 100 milliseconds.
Um, and you really need fast acting
advanced power electronics to be able to
um smooth out these these um massive
the massive massive changes in power um
especially during during their training
runs. So
um that's why SpaceX has bought so many
mega packs for the data centers. It's
actually um
um mostly for for smoothing out the
power for the training runs. Um but will
also be useful for um being able to to
have more power from the um the grid by
uh you know if you if you tell utilities
that they can um you know
that that that they will they will not
need to supply power during the you know
the worst hours of the worst days of the
year because the batteries can handle
it. then that makes it much easier for
that for them to um to to give you
power. Um
in fact, I mean the probably the best
way to scale total energy production in
the United States is simply using
batteries because there's I think around
1.2 or 1.3 terowatts of power production
in the US, but the average power usage
is only half a terowatt. So you've got
two and a half times as much power
generation as the average usage.
um that means you could potentially
double the energy up for the United
States just with batteries.
So really we see demand for
mega pack being very very high in the
future.
&gt;&gt; All righty. Uh that is all the time we
have for today for Q&amp;A. Uh we appreciate
everyone's questions and we look forward
to talking to you next quarter. Thank
you very much.
&gt;&gt; Thanks everyone.
&gt;&gt; [music]
[music]
&gt;&gt; Heat.
Heat.
[music]