Channel:     futureaza
Title:       How Cybercab Could Unlock Tesla’s Next Growth
URL:         https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4nZPomLwlDE
Published:   2026-09-03 12:00 UTC
Fetched:     2026-09-03 13:00 UTC

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Last week, people already knew that this
was going to happen. Highly good chance
that that means that they're going to
introduce cyber cabs into robo taxi. By
the way, that's a huge milestone. That's
a huge milestone. [laughter]
Because,
you know, like you know how we we joke
around with the Tesla Q people. It's
like, "Oh,
you know, never will never be able to do
robo taxi ever." And then, okay, June
22nd last year, there it is. "Oh, but
it's just a few number of cars." And
they were right. Few number of cars for
few number of cities for a year. You
were correct. But then now it's, "Oh,
cyber cab will never be made." Here
cyber cab. "Oh, they'll never introduce
cyber cab into" Here we are. And then it
becomes, "Oh, it's just a few a few 30
or 20 only 25." You know, it keeps going
up. And so but they This is a huge
event. Cyber cab is now here.
&gt;&gt; Today is the big day. Cyber cab event is
happening. I've gone ahead and pulled
all the strings I could to secure a
reporter on the inside. Yes, I'm sending
Herbert. I'm dedicating him to the uh to
the event. We're going to find out what
happens there. We'll be back to report
on that. Me, I'm in the air right now.
And I know it looks [music] like I'm
reporting live from a uh from a
Anderson film. Uh but uh I am not. And
uh Herbert is joining me fresh from the
middle of his passport photo session. It
is not [music] the case. We are actually
in different places as of now. Let's
find out. I want to know, is this
[music] going to move the stock?
Uh we'll see. I'm Brian. Welcome to
Futurama.
&gt;&gt; [singing]
[music]
&gt;&gt; Herbert, big day, big event.
Let's put a range on what we could
expect. Like at the low end and at the
high end, what are we going to hear
today? Because then I'm going to ask
you, is that going to do anything to the
stock?
&gt;&gt; Mhm.
I'm the wrong person to ask, Brian, cuz
I am much more conservative than most
people have been.
I mean, I've heard
I don't want to name names, but I've
heard some person say that they accept
500
robotaxis
by next week or something like that.
That's not what I'm expecting. So,
Cybertruck launch event, they will
certainly show you the Cybertruck. This
is a celebration of the actual vehicle.
I think Joe Tech
articulated well. He said, you know,
think about what they took what what it
was accomplished to create this vehicle.
This is a singular purpose-built vehicle
to reduce as much cost as possible, but
keep it as safe as possible.
You know this car inside out better than
anyone, Brian.
This is going to change transportation
forever. There's no steering wheel, no
pedal. It's going to be low cost. If you
can keep the cost down, make it really
efficient to produce, make it efficient
to run,
it's about three times the It's not the
battery size, it's how long you can
drive the car because of weight and
everything considered into it before you
need to charge. It's three times what
Waymo's able to do.
You can lower the price per vehicle
right here. And if that's the case, you
transform you change transportation from
a own own your own vehicle to use it
anytime you want. And if there's many of
them out there, you can hail, you know,
probably better than Uber scenario. You
can change the way people behave and how
the cities look.
So, I'm not expecting though So, that
what I mean to say is that the event I'm
expecting that they're going to showcase
the vehicle. They might show us the
actual factory. I would love that to see
the unboxed model, which has never been
shown before, never kind of understood
how it truly works. And then there has
to be rides. We have seen Austin in the
last few days, Cyber Rima.
She has been out there videotaping, and
her videos are pretty shocking. You will
see many many many Cybertrucks, like,
you know, in a line dropping off,
picking up people. And you can see in a
very busy intersection. They are
basically all over Austin right now with
no one in the car by the way and more
and more sightings. I I think she just
recently reported that there's now every
car she's seeing there's no person in it
anymore except for the writer.
Um and it just drives off empty.
So what I expect at the actual event is
a celebration of this vehicle.
Celebration of the team. They deserve
it. Elon will probably speak. Will he
say anything new? I don't expect it. Now
people are going all over and some
people are going I can't wait when they
announce that you can buy the cyber cab
right on stage. You can put a
reservation. Because you can put a
reservation now, pay a deposit now, but
you don't have to they won't have to
deliver for years. No, that's not going
to happen. Stop that. Please. Why are
people getting their imagination carried
away?
Unfortunately, I do not believe I think
that everything's a probability and I
think that that's a less than 10% chance
that that will happen. That's not what's
going to happen this week. Yeah.
&gt;&gt; I agree with you. First of all, only a
Sith deals in absolutes,
&gt;&gt; [laughter]
&gt;&gt; which is hilarious coming from a Jedi
who just spoke in absolutes, but fine.
There are There's going to be I mean,
come on. How far into the canon do we
want to get here? But I do not expect
reservations open. I think Tesla's days
of
lengthy pre-orders is in the past. I
don't think they need to do that to
gauge interest. If you would have
believed the Model 3 reservations, you
would have guessed too low. If you would
have looked at the Model Y reservations,
you would have guessed too low. If you
looked at Cybertruck, it would have been
much too high and if you look at
Roadster, you'd probably just cry
because all that money tied up for so
many years and no car.
So I don't I don't think we're going to
see that and I don't think Tesla will
accept reservations um until they know
the actual plan for deployment into
customer hands.
And I don't think today is the day for
that. I think we've got uh they need too
much control over network utilization to
even think about that. Uh they want to
know where the cars are, when the cars
are, and if I own the car, they lose
that control. It introduces a whole
bunch of variability and I just don't
think they want it.
&gt;&gt; Mhm. Well over 2 years before people
could even have the possibility. They
might sell it, but you're not going to
get in your hands and you won't you
certainly won't be able to put into
robo-taxi service for at least 2 years.
Um and only very specific geofenced
areas if you happen to be lucky in one
of those, let's say Austin, probably
start there. But other places, nah,
won't happen for 3 years or longer. So
don't
get excited.
&gt;&gt; But I am excited, Herbert, and I can't
uh pretend otherwise. I'm sorry. The Is
there anything Now, uh when it comes to
the stock itself, people go, "I hear
good news, stock doesn't move. What the
heck?" I say,
"Didn't you already expect this good
news? Didn't you already price it in?"
Unless the news is so good that you
would jump and buy more,
how good was the news? A lot of us see
these things coming. Wall Street sees
them coming. I did a show yesterday uh
as of this coming out where I uh broke
down some of uh
Eric Black's arguments interspersed with
all these buy notices on Tesla stock.
Companies buying a million, 10 million,
4 billion dollars worth of Tesla stock.
That was Deutsche Bank that bought 4
billion.
It's
institutionals are waking up.
Is there anything we could hear
at the event that would cause the stock
to go up?
&gt;&gt; Yeah, so I also did a research of uh
what causes the stock to jump.
And unfortunately, events and demos do
not cause the stock to jump. Now,
&gt;&gt; No, it's just that part.
&gt;&gt; [laughter]
&gt;&gt; It might It might cause it to jump for
like a a day.
And that's about it. So, you know, yes,
there could be some volatility, but it's
like long-term, what makes it go up is
earnings and continued earnings release
during the earnings call afterwards when
they actually show real numbers, that's
when stock follows. So, with this
scenario,
yes, you could have a bunch of excited
people and they'll jump it up, but it'll
it'll just be a few days and then it'll
go back down again to normal. What could
cause real money to flow in would be if
they show that beyond just promises, by
the way, they have to show it, that
there's actual acceleration beyond what
people expected. Right now, people are
expecting maybe 1,000, 2,000 cars in
road with Texas by the end of the year.
If they come out and say
that's all changed, we now are very good
with, you know, very comfortable with
FSD version 15, we're going to put 1,000
cars next, you know, next month,
that could make this stock jump. Okay?
What I do expect, though, is again, what
do you think they're going to do?
They're going to launch it. I think that
this event is more for the employees
saying, "Thank you for what you've done.
You've changed the world. All the hard
work you put in, here's what we have."
Milestone, page is turned. This is a
important, you know, transition for the
world's. This is the day that they think
the world is going to change. After
that, what do you think? I think 25 cars
or less.
Maybe, maybe 50 cars. I doubt it.
In the first week or two, maybe even
month. And then they'll rate then
they'll increase it. And then it'll go
up quickly, but they want it to go slow
cuz you're introducing a new vehicle
and it's partly marketing. It's partly
Can you imagine if something happened in
that first month if something happened
if if they threw in a hundred cars two
hundred cars three hundred cars and
shocking everybody so my God there's
three hundred cyber caps they've changed
the world and something happened
big issue. If they have it 25 or less
they really control it they really make
sure they've got it now dialed down then
slowly add and then go crazy. That's
what's more likely going to happen.
&gt;&gt; So I would like to commemorate this
moment in history where I am somehow
more bullish than Herbert. I think 25
would be the absolute floor and not
because of a
decision to issue safety but because
they could just swap out the Model Y's
they have for cyber caps and stay at the
same numbers
but they're not staying at the same
numbers. We're seeing more deployed.
We're seeing more rides. We're seeing
shorter wait times. We're seeing greater
availability. So I think they've got
whatever corner they needed to turn on
the software they have not to the point
where unsupervised comes tomorrow but to
where they are comfortable expanding the
fleet without having to massively expand
the back end operations to support it.
&gt;&gt; Well I want to just one number you could
guess on is 45
and the reason why we know that number
is because in the last five days Tesla
added a hundred twenty four robo taxis
to the Texas fleet like as in registered
to Texas DMV.
&gt;&gt; Right.
&gt;&gt; And there were 79 Model Y's were added
in August 27th 45
cyber caps all in one kind of like all
in one day. Yeah. So they could be add
more of course but that tells you maybe
that you know why would you register
these cyber caps with Texas DMV if you
weren't planning to roll them out
anytime soon.
So that could be a number.
But I'm saying the first week or two,
even though you have 45 registered in
actual kind of like ride-hail service,
you might just do 25 first week or two.
&gt;&gt; I hear you. I hear you. Uh there are two
bits of uh
pervasive persistent FUD that I wanted
to address. One is these events are
nothing but a pump and dump, to which I
would point out nobody's dumping the
stock, therefore no it isn't. And these
events do not make the stock go up. You
look at Battery Day, Investor Day, AI
Day one and two.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; None of them None of them moved the
stock. And that's not to say none of
them ever have. It's possible, I didn't
really pay attention, it's possible that
uh Semi moved the needle. I think
Cybertruck had quite the opposite
effect. It really
really kicked the old stock in the in
the backside there. So I think that
it's definitely not that all of the
yellow the pump element is missing, and
so is the dump element. Off and on.
&gt;&gt; [snorts and laughter]
&gt;&gt; Uh
I I don't know how to explain that. And
um
yeah, and I I guess really those are the
elements I wanted to address. Yeah, if
the stock is going down, who who cares?
Who benefits?
It all comes down to what you said
earlier, execution. If the numbers don't
show up, it doesn't matter.
Battery Day was exciting to me,
uh but the batteries took a really long
time to show up in in small far smaller
numbers than I anticipated. That could
be
&gt;&gt; When I talk to a uh to people and I ask
them, you know, do you think the stock
will go up? What is the forcing function
that will make the stock go up? And uh
there's a group that still believes that
you need to have a certain number of
robotaxis out there to really solidify
the fact that this is not only in in
service, not just a test bed, not just a
pilot, but that it's going to increase
exponentially.
And so, you don't have to wait for 5,000
Cybertrucks out there.
Maybe 1,000, maybe even 500. And of
course, not the stock won't pop.
There'll be like a big group of people
that realizes then they'll invest and
then another group eventually realizes
and then they invest and so forth.
So,
how many numbers do you need to see
before the stock will jump? And and and
you said it earlier, which is there's
already expectation, right? They already
announced that there's going to be a
Cybertruck launch event.
So, last week, people already knew that
this was going to happen. Highly good
chance that that means that they're
going to introduce Cybertrucks into
robotaxi. By the way, that's a huge
milestone. That's a huge milestone.
&gt;&gt; [laughter]
&gt;&gt; Because
you know, like you know how we we joke
around with the Tesla Q people. It's
like, oh, you know, never we'll never be
able to do robotaxi ever. And then,
okay, June 22nd last year, there it is.
Oh, but it's just a few number of cars
and they were few number cars for few
number of cities for year. You were
correct. But then now it's not Level 4.
Cybertruck will never be made.
Here's Cybertruck. Oh, they'll never
introduce Cybertruck into the Here we
are. And then it becomes, oh, it's just
a few a few 30 20 only 25, you know, it
keeps going up. And so, but they This is
a huge event. Cybertruck is now here.
Then the question is ramp. How fast is
that ramp? And then the stock could
surprise people.
&gt;&gt; Now, you know they'll never be certified
Level 4, right?
&gt;&gt; [laughter]
[gasps]
&gt;&gt; I love that. You know who I'm talking
about. Yeah, yeah. You're talking about
the VP of AI, vice president of AI,
coming out just slamming Tesla and
saying that uh you know, this is
impossible. You can't have this because
you have to have AGI to hit Level 5
autonomy. And he had a whole two posts
explaining what he means by, you know,
what you need to have. By the way, that
all those bullet points sound very
eerily similar to what Tesla's already
doing now, by the way. But it's funny
cuz you need to have this, you need to
have that, you need to have this. And
you need AGI before you can do this. Uh.
&gt;&gt; Um maybe he maybe he meant AG1. I don't
know.
Uh
Yeah. They They but they'll never be
level four. We saw that argument
recently, to which uh many people
pointed out, it doesn't have a steering
wheel. That is level four. And if uh And
then of course uh on Monday, I think, we
got the notification that the
certification was complete. Texas DOT
has uh accepted the certification that
uh Cybercab is level four, cuz of course
it is. If it wasn't, it would be just a
sculpture. It would be decorative.
Uh I'm telling you, Herbert, I'm deeply,
deeply worried about the repetitive
stress injury the Q and haters face from
repeatedly moving the goal posts. It
seems uh I'm going to say start with
ibuprofen, maybe alternating heat and
cold. And if that doesn't work, try
Preparation H for all that matter.
[laughter]
So, guys, what did we miss? What do we
misunderstand? How jealous are you and
me of Herbert getting to go and live the
dream
there in Texas. I'm telling you, man,
one of these days uh Tesla will uh
at least tell me I'm invited. Uh so,
everyone else uh like, subscribe, do
what you do. Thank you for your support
on Patreon. Makes these trips possible.
This is, in fact, Herbert, the last
recording I'm doing uh for a studio in
Nepal. So, no more
uh very, very noisy breakfast crowd
doing their thing. And everyone else uh
stay tuned. Stay juicy. And I can't wait
to hear from you clever robots when I'm
back in town.