Channel:     futureaza
Title:       How Tesla Channels Are Being Hijacked In Seconds
URL:         https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rIGIs1RVZU8
Published:   2026-05-23 12:00 UTC
Fetched:     2026-05-23 13:00 UTC

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Tesla accounts get hijacked sometimes.
Not your Tesla account, not one for your
car, but a YouTube channel or an ex
account. Focusing on Tesla, well,
focusing on anything really gets hacked,
gets broken into, gets hijacked for
nefarious purposes. This happened to
Randy Kirk recently, but he was able to
recover from it and get it back.
Happened to Lars from Best in Tesla last
year. It happened to me two years ago.
We're going to discuss how it happens,
why it happens, and how to avoid it. It
doesn't matter what your account or your
channel is about. This is good advice
all around. I'm Brian. Welcome to
Futurza.
&gt;&gt; So, Randy, first of all, uh welcome to
uh being back among the living channels
on YouTube.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. So uh the first thing I would say
is to avoid your account getting
compromised in the future. I know this
has happened to a number of people. Be
extremely careful who you follow on X
and who you and whose emails you open. I
can tell you in the case of myself and
Lars what what happened to us was we got
an email from a potential sponsor saying
yeah we'd like to discuss a partnership
you know and it's a real company email
is not from that real company it's from
an account that looks like it's from
that company and you it's a yep we'd
like to talk about it um join us for a a
Zoom meeting and if you click on that
link uh they have control of your
account or
Click here to see our contract that you
have to agree to. And you click on that
and now they have access to your
account. And it can happen the blink of
an eye. Herbert had his ex account
compromised about a year ago. Same
thing. And uh just the other day I had
one on X where they reached out to me
and said, "Yeah, we're doing a story
about the uh you know, future of city
development and planning."
And uh I said, "Boy, I just saw this.
Sorry, I must have missed your
deadline." They say, "It's not too late.
Check us out. Here, click here to
schedule a time to talk to us." And I
didn't click on it. I just looked at the
uh URL and I went to who is the who is
domain lookup and found that the website
had been created three days earlier. And
I was like, so I reached out to Nikita
Beer on X and said, "Got one in my DMs.
Do you want to know the details?" And
they didn't respond. So, no one's
looking out for you but you. Randy, tell
us what happened.
&gt;&gt; Well, my situation was extremely uh
similar to yours. Uh sponsor Yeah, I get
I'm sure you do, too. I don't know, six
or seven sponsor offerings per day. All
of which are scams. All of which are
people uh trying to rip you off or to,
you know, some some of them are less
scammy than others, but none of them are
any good. Um, so anybody out there
that's looking for sponsors, I guess the
first step would be find a way to get
your sponsors without them first
contacting you. Contact them. Contact
us. If you see if you see that uh we
have a sponsor like uh Dylan Lumis had a
couple of sponsors I was interested in.
So I called Dylan. Hey Dylan, what about
those sponsors? They pay good. What do
they do? Anyway, so but once you're in
the situation where you're actually
going from it, first of all, opening a
an email that you have no clue to, I
think that's gotten safer, but I
wouldn't recommend it.
&gt;&gt; But going that next step and being on
somebody's email and clicking on that to
go to their website or to their form,
that's a whole another, you know, story,
which is exactly what you say that you
did. Once you've done that, you're
already at risk. But then commonly,
which they did in my case, I needed to
fill out the form and put down all kinds
of information. No, I didn't. They put
down my password to Google, but I put
all this other information. And u you
know, it was uh in a very very short
time that they produced a video on my
channel uh trying to sell a scam related
to cryptocurrencies.
So, they were scamming me in order to be
able to scam you.
So this is a this is a bad situation. I
ultimately found out that they had
actually changed my secondary
pass or what do you call this? The
second um
&gt;&gt; backup email contract
&gt;&gt; backup email backup phone numbers. They
all those were gone as well as my actual
address. I don't know my physical
address was changed on Google on uh on
YouTube. Well Google. So um that it's
I've come with one conclusion though. I
think the easiest conclusion of all if
you have any question ask Grock.
&gt;&gt; So later on I sent over a picture of
that page not the inside page the email.
Sent a picture of the email to Grock.
Grock came immediately back and gave me
chapter and verse of why it was not
legit.
So even though it was an ext, you know,
Brian and I, we do this for a living. So
we are pretty dang careful about what we
respond to, but we've been caught. I I
can tell you lots of other guys that
have told me they've been caught as
well. Um, but that would be a very fast
way where you're not using your own
intuition. And maybe in this case, I'm
looking at it. picture of the guy, his
ex address, his his you all kinds of
addresses
completely spelled correctly, everything
totally looked right, which many times
they don't. And that's your clue. But
this was across the board look great,
but Croc immediately, no way, no how.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. So, what I And by the way, in a
minute, we're going to give you guys
instructions on what we've done in the
past to get back in control. Um, when
you post about this on social media,
which you definitely should. There can
be help that arises that way. Don't be
the guy who responds saying, "Well, you
should have had two-factor authentic
authentication setup. I did. We did.
This circumvents that." Well, you should
have had a stronger password. wasn't
that well you should have had uh you
know use your contact your backup email
my friend it is gone in my case I was
able to get it back because I just
started going through like you so this
is the big part is they didn't hack
YouTube they hacked our Gmail which was
our whole overwriting everything
&gt;&gt; so like I managed to get into one app
and get a one-time use code
&gt;&gt; didn't have a pen handy I screenshotted
it couldn't didn't access the screenshot
because my Google phone is linked to
Google Photos and I'm kicked out of that
account. So,
I do I no longer have any confidence in
in Google or their entire family of
products. This is only one of the many
reasons. Uh, but I was able to log into
something that was on my phone and open
and I was I could see myself doing
battle in real time with the hackers
where I'm trying to change things and
they're quickly changing them back.
&gt;&gt; And then finally it just locked the
whole thing down and said, "Okay, no
one's getting in."
&gt;&gt; And that's when I was able to they were
they I think I got an email saying,
"Yeah, in 24 hours you'll get
information to unlock it."
And it was I think it was on my Gmail on
my phone that I was able to resurrect
it. So I was only off for about two
days. Lars was off for almost a month.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; More like a week.
&gt;&gt; Mine was four days. Four days.
&gt;&gt; Four days.
&gt;&gt; And all of a sudden everything's just
gone. Your photos were gone. Your
calendar's gone. Your email history. All
your contacts.
&gt;&gt; Google Docs.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Google Docs, Google Slides. you
may as well have declared digital
bankruptcy.
&gt;&gt; Right. Right.
&gt;&gt; So, how'd you get it back? What were the
steps?
&gt;&gt; Okay. So, as you pointed out, I think
the very first step which I took and
which I encourage everybody to do no
matter what you've been hacked in where
if you're down and you don't have a
clear, you know, I mean, make some of
the obvious moves in terms of trying to
contact, but a lot of these people have
no humans that'll contact you or if they
have humans that'll contact you, it's
only through DMs like X. it's only
through your DM. Um, and with Google,
they eventually contact us through our
emails, but it was not but not through
an email on their website. I'll get to
that in a second. So, I think the first
step would be whatever obviously you can
find because like let's take Apple,
especially if you have Apple Care,
fantastic customer service with a a
human, you could be on the phone with
them for two hours. They're going to
make sure that you are restored. And if
you can't be restored remotely, then you
go up to one of their service centers
and they will restore you and it's all
free if you have if you have the care
program. And maybe Google needs a Google
care. Maybe X needs an X care. Uh charge
me a little bit so that I can talk to a
human. But anyway, the next step I think
you rightly said is reach out to the
community. I reached out to the
community like crazy and I sobbed. I
cried. I did everything I knew and I had
a phenomenal response. Like I can't tell
you folks enough how much I appreciated
people going, "Oh, that's you know
people some people just handholding and
and putting an arm around that part was
great." Other people saying, "Hey,
happened to me. This is what you need to
do." Other people directing me to
somebody like uh Lars says you need to
contact connecting the dots. uh he has
an engineers's version of this where
it's like line by line by line by line
by line. So I did all those things and
all those people came through exactly as
as promised. But at the end of the day,
if it is YouTube or Google, I assume
this this would also be true for a
Google other properties.
Would you believe the way you can get it
back is through an X account? It's like
how come I can't get it through a Google
account? But through an X
&gt;&gt; because you don't have one anymore, sir.
Yeah, there you go. So through an X
account you can go on and they've got at
Google and at Google
&gt;&gt; creators
&gt;&gt; YouTube at YouTube and YouTube creators
&gt;&gt; at YouTube and at YouTube creators I'm
going to guess that the at YouTube would
be for non um content
&gt;&gt; for other reasons right and the YouTube
creators is for creators I contacted
both the folks on at YouTube were very
kind to say no you need to be with
creators so I did get you know a back
and forth from them. Brian Wong, who we
share some activities on on YouTube and
I manage his account, um Brian Wong was
also down and so Brian was doing all
these same things simultaneously and he
got into the creator side of it and from
there it was only a couple of days
before it was all resolved. There was no
guarantee even then that it would be
because they got to believe you and
you've got to be able to have the
conversation with them. So all along the
way I'm talking to Grock the whole time
it's like okay Grock what is this Google
said I should do this please explain
this step so I know I did it exactly
right and is amazing absolutely
phenomenal to have Grock on my
&gt;&gt; all handy information I will say when I
said earlier that Google is no longer a
friend I mean it um on my Google phone
there's sites that I go to every day, my
puzzles for example, and when I go to
Chrome on my phone, instead of it
letting me go straight to that site, it
autofills,
you can see it's right there. You click
it, it takes you to a search results
page where then you have to click it.
And they do that so that publishers
think they're still relevant when they
are not. And if you do try and look
things up anymore, I've largely given up
on Google because first it gives you AI
slop. That's often wrong, frequently
wrong. Uh followed by a bunch of
sponsored listings, followed by the
wrong results on purpose
because they want you to search again so
they have more search. They do it on
purpose. They don't want you finding
what you want to find. They want you
staying there as long as they can keep
you. Which is what happens when the
money guys get involved with the
engineering side. You get bad
engineering. So they are choosing the
wrong path. It is hurting them. And when
it comes to anything that I would look
up on my phone when I'm in the car, I
just ask Grock. I asked Rock because uh
like one of my questions was there are a
lot of places in town, restaurants that
I've never gone to because I thought
they were bars and I couldn't bring my
kids and it turns out they're not. So I
went through by memory one by one saying
is this place a bar? No, there's uh
people in the deep pages into the
reviews saying uh here's what we got and
it's very kid-friendly and we ought to
bring our dog to the patio. Well,
I have tried to find that information
before on Google unsuccessfully.
Uh, they are I mean, there's a reason
they took don't be evil out of their
motto.
Well, for tw for 20 years, of course, I
made my living helping other companies
uh get on to Google and get their their
information shown. uh whether that was
on Google Google places or my Google My
Business. It had so many names over the
years or whether that was through
YouTube videos and whatnot. I've did
over 4,000 YouTube videos for my clients
over over that 20-year period. So, I
know a lot about Google and I know that
the algorithms are a mess. Uh it's
almost impossible to get found unless
you have somebody like I was I don't do
this anymore, but unless you have
somebody to handhold you through the
process, you're probably not going to
get found. Um and then um on the other
side of the coin during that time which
we all the only choice we had was Google
Bing whatever but Google was the best
you know my wife and I love to watch the
movies or we'll talk about something and
she's a university professor so we talk
about some philosophical thing or a book
that that we can't remember because
we're old and you know you go on Google
and sometimes it's immediate but this
last couple of days we went to Google
and got nowhere nowhere where nowhere
used exactly the same prompt on Grock
and got chapter and verse exactly and
precisely what we were looking for. It
was it was absolutely stunning how good
the response was. I saw a trailer for a
TV show a month ago and thought, "Oh,
that would be an interesting one to
check out." It's an old show from some
years back and so in the car while I was
driving, I thought of it and I couldn't
remember the name. Couldn't remember who
was in it. I just remember kind of the
theme and it took I'm gonna say under a
minute. I said from the last 10 years
starring some big names it only had one
season. It was like oh this one or this
one or I'm like no it was like a comedy.
Oh like this. I'm like ah no it was like
sci-fi inspired. Oh you mean ghosted?
And that wasn't 10 years ago. That was
12 13 years ago. I'm like oh I gave you
bad input and you still think out.
&gt;&gt; Got it. Yeah. Golly, it's getting
better. It's not perfect. I do have a
lot of people who will bring me
citations from Grock and say, "No, no,
no. This is what's going on at this
particular factory or with this product
because Grock said so." I'm like, "Grock
is guessing. You're asking Grock to
guess. That information is not available
to anyone." And Grock is doing its best.
&gt;&gt; Yes.
&gt;&gt; I will say another one that happened and
then we'll wrap it up because we got
stuff to do. I had my ex account
hijacked and the same litany of dummies
saying, "Oh, you need two-actor
authentication." I'm like, "Guys, I just
went in and changed my password. I'm
still in the account and it is posting
out from under me somehow."
&gt;&gt; And it turned out and it took me an hour
to figure it out. It turned out there
was some third-party app that I had
granted permission to 10 years earlier
and that had been hacked. Wow.
&gt;&gt; Posting, posting, posting, posting
&gt;&gt; and uh it couldn't lock me out. It
couldn't change my password and I looked
everywhere. I could not find answers to
what was going on. And so I just kept
trying different things and then I got
into my list of approved apps and I just
cleared all of them.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; And it stopped and I was like, well,
there you go. But again, telling me that
that I need a stronger password, not
helpful.
&gt;&gt; I mean, okay. Okay. Okay. It might be
that some people that's the case. I've
seen
&gt;&gt; I've I I I knew the passwords for over
400 companies
&gt;&gt; uh you know the owners sometimes their
marketing department whatever because I
I had to get into their accounts. So I
knew the passwords and so frequently one
of the things that I did for these
companies that was important I think was
give them password methodologies whether
that is strong passwords with uh you
know with Google or or I'm sorry not
Google with uh Firefox or or uh Safari
&gt;&gt; Pass was a good one for a time
&gt;&gt; keeping track of whatever or whether it
was just coming up with clever
methodologies that you could remember in
your head uh for doing passwords. Uh my
favorite one, by the way, just in case
you you've decided to stay this long,
why not stay one more second? Of course,
I use almost all strong passwords now.
But over the years, I've used a system
where I have a a nonsense word, but it
makes sense to me.
&gt;&gt; So, that's what I start with. Five, six
letters. Okay. Then I have a number that
is important to me but not like the
first two numbers of my birthdays. Just
a a nons again numbers that make that I
will never not know and then capitalize
some weird version of whatever it is
that I'm looking at.
&gt;&gt; So let's say I'm looking at Brian's
face. It might be BF.
&gt;&gt; Okay.
&gt;&gt; Oh, I see.
&gt;&gt; Capitalized.
And then if they require a final odd
symbol, I use dollar signs. If it's a
dollar, something to do with money. And
if it's not, I use exclamation point.
And if it won't allow those, finally, I
put in the at symbol. But that way,
every part of it is totally making sense
to me, but is completely random in every
other regard.
H I I just use the generator on all of
them now because I tried using systems,
but I have too many. I can't remember
them all. And even like Domino's, I'm
constant. Every time I go to use it, I'm
locked out and I have to reset because
because Domino's app is a bit of genius
hardware from the back end and the user
interface might as well be a burning
flaming diaper. So, it is just trash.
And every time I use it, like, do you
want to rate the app? I've already rated
the app, my friend. I've already rated
it. Please stop asking. Doesn't matter.
My kids like it. I don't know. It had
decency at a time. It's not good pizza.
Guys, what did we miss? What do we
misunderstand? How did What happened to
you? Did you get your account uh hacked
or locked or some something like that?
Share the story below. Did you get it
back? Share that story for sure.
Everybody else, like, subscribe, and uh
stay tuned. Stay juicy. And if you're
only coming here because of the safety
chat, uh thank you. and maybe look
around.