Channel:     futureaza
Title:       The Real Reason Tesla Stock Is Soaring
URL:         https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=88ZaAnAnsgM
Published:   2026-06-30 12:00 UTC
Fetched:     2026-06-30 13:00 UTC

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

I think I've I've said for a long while
that I think that when we do have the
beginnings of people being able what do
you call it the unlock period when we
get into the unlock period I think there
will be people who will once unlocked
trim their SpaceX and when they trim
their SpaceX the normal place to go with
it would be another Elon Musk company.
So I think we could see in the future
the unlock now I think is maybe July No,
it's after their after their earnings
report. So probably early August. Um so
that that could be a time. Yeah. Monday
morning Tesla's stock had quite a surge.
Well, it's Tuesday morning. Did it hold?
Is it going to hold past the delivery
report on Thursday? perhaps is my answer
to that because I do not see into the
future as clearly when it comes to
stocks as it does when it comes to
things like factory construction and
engineering. Those I understand those
are reasonable, logical, and rational.
But for the stock, there are a bunch of
theories as to why it's gone up. Some
quite silly, some hilarious, and some
reasonable. We're going to find out
which is which when we separate the
wheat from the chaff or the white from
the kirk, as it is in this case. Uh, I
think we're going to be on the same page
on this one, though. Uh, because as
crazy as we are, we're not that kind of
crazy. I'm Brian. Welcome to Futurazza.
&gt;&gt; Randy, it is uh Monday aftermarket
close. This will video will be published
Tuesday morning. Uh, we had some news.
Can you tell me what I'm looking at
here?
&gt;&gt; Well, it looks like the stock chart for
Tesla for yesterday.
&gt;&gt; It is. It is indeed. Hey, depending on,
you know,
&gt;&gt; 32 bucks a share. It's up 3213, 8.5%
just about. Uh, that is exciting. Um,
I'm going to ask you your theories, but
before that, I'm going to share with you
some that are a little different. This
one's great on Baron's. I can't see it
because there's a payw wall. Uh, Tesla
stock rises as Musk's EV maker deepens
ties with SpaceX. Now, I'm not going to
give Baron a nickel for this, and I know
what you're saying. just use uh a site
like archive. I did I did
&gt;&gt; and it's still paywalled. Uh but
fortunately uh the madmen at uh at the
Google uh have an AI summary of it
shared AI resources. Musk highlighted
that both SpaceX and Tesla are utilizing
the Gro 4.5 AI model. The two companies
are exploring AI applications that could
run on their computing power of idle
Teslas. I don't think that's why the
stock is moving tariff collaboration. I
think that's too far out to move the
stock and corporate integration. I don't
I don't think these are the reason. Uh
what says you?
&gt;&gt; Well, I would say that no, none of none
of those collaboration issues were in
the front of anybody's mind today
causing them TO SAY, "OH, FINALLY THIS
IS A GOOD REASON TO BUY MORE." Uh on the
other side of the coin, if you take a if
you take a just a slight shift and you
say, "Oh, what about the upcoming
possible merger now?" That's always at
the top of mind right now. It's getting
all the headlines. X is talking about it
every single day. There's always people
that are going back and forth on it.
I've done I don't know how many shows.
I'm sure you have. So, so somebody might
wake up in the morning go, "Oh, SpaceX
did that. Um that's going to in the
future that will be part of Tesla." So
there are there are uh contingencies
around that that are possible. I don't
think today I don't think that was what
did today because I didn't see much
specific around the Tesla SpaceX space.
&gt;&gt; So if we want to get a good
understanding, we could look to some of
the brightest minds. Or hear me out, why
don't we check what the twits have to
say? Stock Twits reporting Tesla stock
heads for red June. This was before the
market open up. Jeff warns it could
become a proxy, a SpaceX proxy as merger
talks build. Why would it be a SpaceX
proxy when you could just buy SpaceX?
&gt;&gt; I don't understand.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, you've got you've got an extremely
good point there. I suppose it could be
a SpaceX proxy for those who have
already used up all their dry powder.
&gt;&gt; So if they are they and they don't want
to sell any Tesla to do SpaceX. So that
would be my best shot at giving stock
twits, you know, uh some reason for what
they did. Um because uh you know, again,
it it people who I mean, Larry Goldberg,
who's you know, greatly loved and
admired, uh in our community, thinks
that the stock should be at 550 by
tomorrow
because of the merger talks. that didn't
happen. But we'll see if Larry if maybe
I it's possible that you know some of
today's action was related to you know
merger talks and merger getting closer.
&gt;&gt; Well uh I have been getting some
comments reminding Randy that he
predicted five or 550 by the end of June
which is today as of this coming out. So
we will see in the next few hours if you
were correct.
&gt;&gt; It was caveed. It was caveat.
&gt;&gt; Optimism strikes again.
&gt;&gt; It was caveed.
&gt;&gt; Well let's hear it. The caveat was
there's got to be real movement on robo
taxi and there's no real movement on
robo taxi. So
&gt;&gt; yeah.
&gt;&gt; No. Uh I mean correct. I would agree
with that. Uh yeah. So by the way my
thought on this is if you think one
company is going to gobble up the other
at an unfair price advantage, buy that
stock.
I can't I don't know which one you think
that is. Not you.
Folks, generally
&gt;&gt; what I think is probably moving the
stock a little more is delivery
consensus.
&gt;&gt; This is uh you know 406 is the market
consensus. I know some analysts have
been adjusting that number. I know your
number is more in the 460 to 495 sort of
range uh because not only have the
factories been a little busier, but uh
we have a a a builtup inventory that was
has been built up over the last twoish
quarters more meaningfully in Q1 that we
could now draw down from. Take on this
because this is what I think is the
easiest thing for analysts to target.
And by the way, that previous stock twit
one because they published it before the
market came out, they're like, we're
going to downgrade our price target to
375 and try and predict which way this
shifting sand will move incorrectly. Uh
deliveries, what are we what are we
thinking here?
&gt;&gt; So if you look at um if you look at the
betting uh channels, uh they are
&gt;&gt; poly market etc.
&gt;&gt; Market etc. they are in more or less
they're more like 450.
&gt;&gt; Um and so as people are watching those
now a lot of people watch those to get a
get a better hint than they get from the
financial um you know news. Um that
could be you know part of it. Um, you
also, as you mentioned, there was a
couple people that upgraded it and the
upgrades were to a level which would
make it a nice increase over last
quarter and nice nice increase over last
year's second quarter, but nothing close
to what I think is going to be. As you
mentioned, my number actually is 490.
Uh, could be even higher than 490. And,
uh, people can watch me on X or go over
my channel and see me
go through that, you know, in terms of
how I get that. Mhm. All correct in my
view. This is the other big one. I think
Tesla recovers alongside Mag 7. Analysts
chime in on deliveries. The whole MAG7
rose today. I don't know why. If you do,
you could certainly share that. But
doesn't the macro have a big impact on,
you know, the market?
&gt;&gt; Yeah. So Tesla normally moves with the
macro and it usually moves at a a beta
of about double. So double of NASDAQ. So
the NASDAQ was up two today. So you
could say that 4% of the rise today was
due to the macro and it could be more or
less. It's not ex an exact science, but
that's a rough science. And so you could
be looking at four, but that would not
give you all eight%. In fact, there's
no,
you know, after watching it as closely
as I have for the last five or six
years, there is no world in which the
macro was the only reason why the stock
did what it did today. Um, what you
could also look at though is a variation
of the macro and that is Tesla has been
underperforming
and it could easily be that when things
started getting better in the macro,
people went, okay, this could be where
we should go with our winnings from
other ventures we've been doing and put
them into Tesla because it's beaten
down. So, I think there could have been
some beaten down uh buy it at a bargain
price uh going
&gt;&gt; I will tell you I've talked to a number
of uh investors who put aside a bunch of
powder to buy SpaceX at the 135 preIPO
price who were shut out getting maybe
one somewhere between one and 10 shares
on orders of 10 to 100 or a thousand
shares getting just about nothing. And
when it opened at 150 plus, they said,
"I'm not going to give up, you know, 10%
gains right out of the gate. That's
crazy. I'll wait until it falls under
that." And I did see messages from some
of those people saying, "Ah, ah, back
into back into Tesla." So, that could be
a factor. I don't know how large of a
factor.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. I I think I think I've I've said
for a long while that I think that when
we do have the beginnings of people
being able what do you call it the
unlock period. When we get into the
unlock period I think there will be
people who will once unlocked trim their
SpaceX. And when they trim their SpaceX
&gt;&gt; the normal place to go with it would be
another Elon Musk company. So I think we
could see in the future the unlock now I
think is maybe July No, it's after their
after their earnings report. So probably
early August.
&gt;&gt; Um so that that could be a time. Yeah.
&gt;&gt; Uh it absolutely could. You know what it
is definitely time for is our uh weekly
BOGO special where we say you can
subscribe to both of our channels. Uh
we're not if you subscribe to Ry's, you
can subscribe to mine and vice versa. We
don't charge for that you guys. It
really does help out or uh in the
description at least on YouTube. I've
got other ways you can support the
channel if you want to help me out
financially. That would be a big big
help. So Randy, I've got two theories
here. Two theories on on why it actually
went up. And I think you're going to
love them because these are these are
big big deals. You ready?
&gt;&gt; Yep. Yep. Yep.
&gt;&gt; Nitsa Nitsa closes Tesla power steering
probe after recall fix. Isn't that why
it went up? Nitsa closed its engineering
analysis into power steering loss
affecting about 376,000
Model 3s and Y's from the 2023 model
year. So, I mean, that's a great deal,
isn't it?
&gt;&gt; There were at least at least a minimum
of four or five financial headlines over
the last few days that that use this as
their reason for Tesla stock action. Um,
and uh, no, this uh, this the correction
uh was made by an overtheair update uh,
a long time ago.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, this story was new to me and I
think, you know, I follow this really
closely. If I was on the fence about
whether or not to buy or sell Tesla
shares today, this would not have made a
difference. Uh I don't know how
precariously a top offense you must
perch to be swayed by this. Uh but hey,
man, I don't know. Okay, so that's good.
That's great. But this one, this one.
Oh, Randy, I hope you're ready. Mazda 6E
review. An attractive Model 3
alternative, said no one ever. Mazda's
fiercely independent, but pragmatic,
too, often teaming up with other car
makers. Guess which country it turned to
for this 348 mile electric car. That
That is one of the cars of all time is
the nicest thing I can say about it.
You have to admire Mazda's pluckucky
contrarian spirit. It's a company of
engineering independence and freedom of
thought almost to the point of lunacy.
Almost. You're getting there. It
persisted with rotary engines long after
others realized that it was a waste of
time. That's lunacy. Leading to some of
the most temperamental but characterful
cars of all time. And while every other
automaker dealt with tightening
emissions regulations by downsizing,
Mazda kept the big units and redesigned
them from the ground up for unheard of
efficiency. Okay. So, Mazik has been a
critic of the electric car age, but has
still had to play the game. Yeah, they
did make a really terrible first effort
that was so bad that they didn't make it
available as a press car. Kyle Connor
went out to California where they were
doing some car, you know, expo and they
had one and the poor guy's just sitting
there just like on his phone because no
one's K. I'd like to drive it. He's
like, "Yeah, go for it." What can you
tell me about it? It's a Mazda.
It had very little range, very little
power, very little reason to be sold.
So, this is priced from 38,995.
So, I guess we can answer that question.
Uh, but it's larger than the MX30, seats
five, a more spacious boot, and hint
number two, plus an additional luggage
space under the bonnet. I think we can
conclude where this story is taking
place. More importantly, officially, it
can manage 348 miles on a 77 kilowatt
hour pack.
&gt;&gt; That's pretty good.
&gt;&gt; That's pretty good. So, I'll save you
the beauty of it. In the article, they
go on to say it's fine, but it is not a
Tesla killer. No one sane is buying this
car unless you just hate Tesla and want
something different. It looks fine. Uh,
it's cheaper than a Tesla
and got an Ion. Uh, so is this so that
would mean this is actually a GAC car
&gt;&gt; and not a Mazda. It's made by a
different Chinese manufacturer.
&gt;&gt; Oh, I see. No, this is just a different
&gt;&gt; a different car they're comparing it to.
&gt;&gt; Okay.
&gt;&gt; At any rate, uh, yeah. So, sorry. I said
I'd lighten the mood. Um, at least the
Mazda 6E should be successful enough to
keep them going and that's a good thing.
So, is it the fact that Tesla won this
head-to-head against the Mazda 6E and to
my Canadian viewers, that's a Mazda 6E.
Uh, it uh is that why the stock popped?
&gt;&gt; Yeah, I don't think it had anything to
do with that. Uh there's been there was
also but there was an article that was
similar uh that was about Volkswagen.
I'm surprised you didn't pull the
Volkswagen article. Volkswagen called
Bosch. Never mind.
&gt;&gt; Oh yeah. No, that's uh would you believe
that's coming up in our second show.
&gt;&gt; Oh our second.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; Oil.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Yeah. I got that one here.
&gt;&gt; All right.
&gt;&gt; Uh so uh guys, if you want to hear that
story, too, because we are getting
silly, uh let us know. I mean, come on
back. It's what you got to do. Uh, what
do we miss? What do we misunderstand?
Leave it any comments below. And
everyone else, like, subscribe, do what
you do, and stay tuned. Stay juicy. And
I cannot wait to hear from you clever
robots. Perhaps even uh July 2nd, 3rd,
and 4th at my info booth in Long View,
uh, which I've got here somewhere. There
it is. That uh, on the 2nd and 3rd,
David Moss is going to be in the booth
with us in Long View, Washington,
helping us spread the good word about
electric uh, vehicles. And in his case,
FSD. Our boot's going to look something
like that, except I'll be in it.