Channel:     brighterwithherbert
Title:       What If Everyone Is Wrong About The SpaceX-Tesla Merger?
URL:         https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bg_tQJIAsX8
Published:   2026-06-24 13:30 UTC
Fetched:     2026-06-24 14:00 UTC

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Today we have to talk about the SpaceX
Tesla merger. We don't need to discuss
whether it's going to happen for now.
Let's just assume it does. But the real
questions are when does it happen? And
most importantly, at what price does it
happen? Because right now, when you
scroll through X, you see some of the
smartest minds in the Tesla community
debating the same thing. Is this a
merger of equals? Does SpaceX own more?
Does Tesla own more? What should the
exchange ratio be? But there's something
the entire discussion is overlooking. In
fact, my guest today is extremely
certain there's one issue almost no one
is talking about and it could completely
change how Tesla shareholders evaluate
the deal. Because if this merger
happens, the biggest question may not be
the ownership ratio at all. It may be
how the deal is actually structured. And
once you understand that, the entire
debate looks very different. Got Joe
Bacti here with us today. He's an
economist, investor, and tech
entrepreneur. He has a YouTube channel
covering both Tesla and AGI. Check out
his website and community at
pionerlands.org. Welcome Joe.
&gt;&gt; Good to be back
&gt;&gt; Joe. Thank you so much. Uh you did a
show on your channel and it's like
SpaceX merger price for Tesla stock was
a big hit of a show. I wanted you to
redo some of your thinking here. Explain
to us because you're saying that I think
I think there's enough breadcrumbs for
all of us to know that there is going to
be a merger that is seems to be very
much in the plan. And the question has
always been how are they going to
structure this? Is Tesla shareholders
going to be fair? In fact, there's a
huge debate now. Some people saying we
do not want to have a merger. We don't
want the merger. If the merger happens,
we want it to happen a year from now.
Let Tesla stock appreciate. We don't
want you buying us at a small amount.
Even a 30, 40, 50% premium is not
enough. But you think there's a way that
you're suggesting that SpaceX might
propose it. So, why don't you set it up?
tell us uh how you came up with this
thought and what your thinking is.
&gt;&gt; Sure. So I think the debate right now
that we see all over the place. Uh
number one I totally agree. I think
there is clear evidence if you look at
the history of Elon if you look at uh
his exoration theory for a very long
time and you think in first principles
about his life what he wants to achieve.
It just makes sense to merge these two
entities because the real constraining
variable or limiting variable is time
for him management attention and having
you know wasting 10% or whatever of his
time in into managing two complicated
public entities doesn't make any sense
there are boards there are all kinds of
things you need to double manage so I
think that is the real reason we are
going to merge I think most people agree
there will be a merger so now the next
question is how does this
&gt;&gt; before we move on to how does this work.
I want to just double down on this idea
that the two companies SpaceX and Tesla
in your minds I think in most people
that I'm talking to agree that there are
tremendous synergies amongst uh the two
companies that there's many in synergies
there there's some people are saying we
don't need to merge we can just partner
then there are some people who think
that if we do merge you can do a holding
company instead or just continue what
we're doing now or something like that
but that is not the case in my mind
there is tremendous mendous benefits and
synergies for them to merge. The
question is when do they do it and then
how when how what structure how is it
fair for Tesla shareholders
&gt;&gt; exactly and I mean I can go on and on
why but uh you know if you want to build
a kadeshv 2 civilization which is it's
forget mass I think mass I never was a
big mass fan because I think of course
mass going to happen but it's not that
important I think the moon is a more
tactically important thing and then
there's a much bigger thing than Mars
which is Kartage F2 capturing the
largest possible share of uh the solar
energy in the solar system. That is a
strategic goal and of course mass is
piece of that but if you can settle on
mass you can settle on all the moons of
Jupiter whatever like you can do a lot
of things. So the bottom mass if you
have big goals like that you want to
merge all your existing assets into a
singular thing just so you have freedom
to operate. For example, we know this
new patent of this distributed compute
thing, right, for Tesla where you can
basically install small mini 72 GPU uh
compute centers in each supercharger
station, which is genius by the way, but
that is mostly a SpaceX business, not a
Tesla business, right? The compute
business is more developed by on the on
the SpaceX side. So SpaceX wants that,
but it's a Tesla asset because you need
the superchargers. This just one
example. solar. They need to produce
massive amounts of solar for the AI
satellites, like infinite solar. Who
produces that? Well, SpaceX can do it,
but Tesla has a clearly a leg up. They
are doing that already at a bigger scale
for the roofs and all kinds of stuff.
So, so that's the bottom line. If we
agree that this merger has to happen, we
can also agree it has to happen fast
because his whole rationale is it's
time, right? You can say, "Oh, it's
tactically smarter in 2028 or
something." Well, Elon is not getting
younger. He has to act. he wants to win
and uh hopefully they invent some
longevity stuff but you can't count on
that. So it needs to happen now. That's
why I also think for that more strategic
reason it happens sooner than later. I
don't know exactly when. Still there
still, you know, and now we get to the
meat of it. It's still very important
not to be too rushed because if it goes
wrong, you're losing a year or two
because then it fails. Then you have to
do again. So what happens exactly? Now
the online debate is about this one to
one merger versus one to2 merger versus
paying a premium for Tesla. So what's
the deal, right? Is SpaceX going to be
here and Tesla going to be here? It's
going to be a merger of equals. That's
what Alexander, for example, I think
circulates.
I had a show with her, a debate, right?
And before that I show where I just
presented my theory that it could be all
the way up to a one to three merger or
one to2 merger. Meaning the final entity
could be 2/3 owned by Tesla shareholders
and one/3 by SpaceX because SpaceX has
enough shares to do that. They already
authorized 36 billion shares, 13 billion
outstanding right now. Okay. But then I
thought a little bit more about it like
to be more pragmatic about how a merger
actually works, how an acquisition
actually works. And I think while it's
important to understand these one to one
versus one to2 and so on, let's go
through the exact process because it's
very enlightening how this works. How
would it actually work? If you are
SpaceX and you want to merge with Tesla,
that's technically an acquisition,
right? Because you the surviving entity
needs to be SpaceX. We know that because
the super votes for Elon on the SpaceX
side. So definitely SpaceX has to buy
Tesla, not the other way around. So Elon
retains 80% of the voting power in the
new entity roughly or 78. It doesn't
even matter at what ratio they merge.
Elon will have a clear majority, super
majority. Okay, that's one of the
reasons. Okay, how would that work?
Would SpaceX approach Tesla and say,
"Look, I make a pitch. I offer you my
market cap at any point in time as the
acquisition price. Like no, no one talks
like that. That's not how it works. Look
at Cursor for example. How did the
cursor acquisition work? The Cursor
acquisition, Elon or SpaceX paid $10
billion for a call option to acquire
Cursor within 60 days after IPO for $60
billion. That's how an acquisition
works. you're approaching Herbert the
shareholder and say Herbert I'm going to
pay you $60 billion for cursor is that
okay with you and then you say yes or no
the 60 billion will be paid in SpaceX
shares which means at the point where
this gets executed you get $60 billion
worth of SpaceX shares
so what is that in percent of SpaceX
like you don't know you rely on the
market to be like fair and you get paid
paid 60 billion in these SpaceX shares,
probably you get locked up, especially
if it's Tesla. You you're probably not
allowed to sell them next day. So, there
is some vacuness in there. For cursor,
it doesn't matter because 60 billion is
a good price. For Tesla, it gets a
little more dicey, right? Because Tesla
is a very large acquisition. And so my
conviction is it would be very weird in
my opinion. Very weird if you say we are
merging and our offer is a onetoone
merger because that would be the
weirdest pitch ever in capitalism. It's
like okay but how much do I get like
like what's the price? And it's like I
don't know who cares who cares about the
price like I don't think that is how it
works. I think if you want to buy Tesla
you need to make Tesla shareholders an
offer. That offer needs to be in dollars
and directly translatable into a share
price. You have to say, I buy your
shares. I exchange your shares,
whatever. I buy them for 600, for 700,
for a,000, for 500, whatever. But you
have to you have to say a number. You
can't just say, I don't know. I'm going
to buy your shares because you're going
to ask at what price. If you say, I
don't know, like, let's see how let's
see how it goes. you get a certain
number of SpaceX shares, but I can't
tell you how many. That depends on
whatever. That's a that's bad news in my
opinion. So, that would be also very
unusual because most merger deals and mo
most like mergers are they are executed
based on dollars, not on shares. They're
going to see like what is the price
you're going to buy this for. Okay, this
is a very important revelation if I'm
right about this. Of course, you could,
by the way, of course you could make an
offer purely in shares. It's just very
unusual and very weird and very
confusing. That's why I don't think that
happened.
&gt;&gt; Okay. So, let let me pause and interrupt
there because that is what Alexander
Mertz and what Larry Goldberg have been
saying. They've been saying that they
believe it's going to be a merger of
equals. What Larry was saying is that
when it's a merger of equals, that
scenario does not require you to say
here's a price because it's not an
acquisition. He clarified that there's
two different things. acquisition merger
of equals merger of equals simply says
to the shareholders Tesla shareholders
we will you will we the two companies
have agreed to merge as equals whatever
the price is now if if at that moment
the price of a uh SpaceX is at 3
trillion whatever two trillion it's
double what Tesla's stock is at 1.5
trillion then you will say okay the
problem with that is one you just said
the sheriff Tesla shareholder are
supposed to vote on this and if they
vote on it they're going to go well what
is the price I don't know what it is it
and that price depends on what SpaceX
valued at at that moment and whatever
Tesla's valued at at that moment not at
the announcement so I keep asking
everyone when they make this
announcement and I still think it's
going to happen the end of July and I
did a whole show on anal analyzing and
Alexander had a whole thing on Grock
analysis and game game theory everything
broke it down we think that it's going
the end of July. Let's say if it does
happen in July, but when they announce
it, do they actually say, "Here's what
it is." Or do they say, "We intend to do
this, but we don't know what the actual
stock price of Tesla stock is or SpaceX
until the vote." And the vote is
November. If it happens in July, the
vote is November. We don't know what's
going to happen to Tesla SpaceX could be
three, four trillion when they announce
&gt;&gt; and also like I'm I understand what is
in November. If it's a merger of equals,
it's not just that it's not required to
put a price on it. It is impossible to
put a price on it because you simply
don't know what the price is,
&gt;&gt; right?
&gt;&gt; And I think that introduces infinity
problems. What about like you basically
offer to acquire an entire gigantic Mac
7 company for an unknown price? I think
that introduces fiduciary duty problems.
It introduces all kinds of accounting
problems. increases infinity problems.
What about all the institutional
shareholders of Tesla? And they're going
to be told, well, we don't know. Like,
oh, I'm sure you like SpaceX. Isn't it
roughly the same value? Like, how? This
is like saying Nvidia is going to buy
Google as a merger of equals. It's
completely insane. You can't do it,
right? Because Google is an infinity
complicated corporation and so is Tesla
and Nvidia is infinity complicated. You
can't just randomly say they are worth
the same like based on what? This is not
how you merge trillion dollar companies.
I think you have to this is
&gt;&gt; continue and pitch you what you think is
going to happen. But but I will put in
the back burner here. I think I need to
have you come on with either Larry and
Alexandra to talk about what is a merger
of equals, what is the mechanics, why
would that still survive? Because you
you gave your opinion why it doesn't
make sense. These guys believe that that
is the one that makes the most sense.
&gt;&gt; And I would see also I would like to see
examples. I don't need to show examples
because nearly every merger I've ever
heard this
&gt;&gt; it's something like I explained it's a
price.
&gt;&gt; I want to see something where do you
have a hundreds of billions or even tens
of billions of dollars worth
&gt;&gt; uh of a merger or acquisition with no
price. And you can if you play the game
for example I don't know what's the same
who has the same value right now. you
can say uh uh Apple and Google or
something if they want to merge and we
say we just make it a merger of equals
how do you explain this to every single
shareholder of the one you know of all
the institutions they need to account
for that like but why how do I decide on
this deal so I believe you need a price
that's what I believe and we can get to
some sort of merger of equals but not
randomly not saying like oh it's just
randomly what it is if if SpaceX drops
90% % well bad luck Tesla, right? That's
kind of the logic here. You basically
you propose a merger of equals if SpaceX
is at 1.8 trillion and Tesla is at 1.2
trillion. Let's say something like that.
You say we have a merger of equals. But
if SpaceX drops 50% in the meantime,
which can absolutely happen, by the way,
it's more likely to happen than not by
the way. So then instead of getting 1.8
8 trillion of value for your Tesla
chase, you get 900 billion and you don't
&gt;&gt; November and then whatever the market
caps are both companies in November,
that's what shareholders will be waiting
for to make a decision. They'll say, "No
way. If it's equal at 1.2 trillion,
&gt;&gt; not not on both companies. Only SpaceX
counts. If it's a merger of equals and
you're a Tesla and you're getting merged
into this thing.
&gt;&gt; No, no, but if I'm going to vote, I it
matters to me. If if if if SpaceX at
November at the time of I'm just saying
November because if they make the
announcement in July, then most likely
they'll hold an Tesla shareholder
meeting in November. At that date, if
Tesla if SpaceX shares is $4 trillion,
but then what if Tesla shares is at$4
trillion or 3.5?
&gt;&gt; Exactly. would I be like going I I still
wouldn't you know it's like what's the
point?
&gt;&gt; But if you given a premium then you're
going to go oh okay as a Tesla shoulder
I'm going to vote for this because I'm
going to get a premium it's got to be
significant.
&gt;&gt; I mean ex when you say a merger of
equals what that technically means is
you're getting acquired by SpaceX for
the price of SpaceX. That's one way of
seeing it. So that is the problem here.
If you make that offer and say, "Look,
SpaceX is at two trillion. We make a
merger of equals at the time of merger."
And he's like, "Well, that sounds good.
We had 1.2 trillion. I get two
trillion." Then SpaceX drops to 900
billion while Tesla goes up to 2
trillion. And so you're selling Tesla, a
$2 trillion company, for 900 billion.
That's weird. It is also weird to
execute that plan like that because no
one even knows what happens in between.
And if the offer is end of July, that
coincides perfectly with a 400% higher
stock float unlock into the SpaceX
share. So a massive selling pressure
starting in August. Between August and
middle of October, you have 400% of the
current share float coming into the
market for selling, right? So there's
massive selling pressure. And so I think
it's problematic. And so for two
reasons, the first reason is that SpaceX
is very likely very volatile, very
volatile, that potentially Tesla is also
volatile on top of it if they, you know,
roll out Robotex or something.
And number two, that it's a weird deal
that I've never seen. And maybe
Alexander and Larry can like show cases
like maybe that happened a lot and I
just missed it. uh we had this new that
would be very interesting to have like
historic references.
&gt;&gt; Okay.
&gt;&gt; Go ahead and pitch what you think might
actually happen then.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. So I can share my model maybe
quickly. I shared this in my video. Make
it here quick. But basically my theory
is more if you make it more conventional
the whole thing
then it would look like this. You have
basically here SpaceX and you have
Tesla. Uh can I zoom this? That's too
much. So you have SpaceX, right? And
it's like right now, well, that was uh
that was two days ago, so it's not true
anymore, but it's it's 16% less. So
let's say SpaceX is 2.4 trillion. Tesla
is at 1.2 billion uh trillion. And let's
say SpaceX acquires Tesla at a premium.
And I just have two premiums here just
for an example. Uh let's say the premium
is 50%. Right? So SpaceX says, "We're
going to buy Tesla for $600 per share or
$1.88 trillion in market cap." Okay.
&gt;&gt; Mhm.
&gt;&gt; Uh here's the problem here. Let's scroll
down. The problem is this. You will
announce this end of July, but the vote
will be in 2026 in November, right? So
it will be later. So in that in the
meantime,
SpaceX might change dramatically in
terms of it could go up 20%. Right? It
could be three trillion here, 2.9
trillion if it's up 20%. It could could
go down 20%. It already went down 16% in
one day. So yeah, it could go down 20%
to 1.9 trillion. Or it could go down
50%, which I think it definitely will,
by the way, to 1.22 trillion. And that's
the problem, right? If you say $600
per share uh for Tesla, like counted in
what? counted in SpaceX shares. But
these SpaceX shares have no
predetermined value. We have to wait
what they are. And here is how this all
ends up. Wait, this is already the
ratchet. Let's do without ratchet. So
here you basically have the share price
of SpaceX. You have the market cap of
SpaceX. And if they acquire Tesla at
$600 per share for Tesla, the percent
Tesla would own of the new entity is a
total function
of the change. And here's exactly what
would happen. So if you freeze it and
say we pay $600 per share, let's see
what it is in November and that
determines how many SpaceX shares you
get. That means Tesla shareholders would
if SpaceX doesn't move and this is just
the deal a simple deal fixed price Tesla
would own 44% of the new entity. Okay.
So which means 77 ratio to SpaceX. So
it's not a murder of equals in that
case. It's a total murder of unequals
because as Tesla you only have 77 of the
new entity and SpaceX would have uh
1.23. I wait I thought the whole point
of mergers of equals is they will no
matter what the price is SpaceX you will
get the one to one.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. So here this case is an assumption
of not a merger of equals but a fixed
price.
&gt;&gt; Okay.
&gt;&gt; Which is the more normal case. You
basically make an offer to buy Tesla at
a fixed market cap that represents a
premium to its current market cap.
&gt;&gt; Okay.
&gt;&gt; That is what's going to happen. That's
what you think.
&gt;&gt; That is what I think has to happen
&gt;&gt; in one way or another. But I will
explain a second option here that still
is fine because if you don't do that,
you're introducing infinity problems,
right? If you don't have a clear offer,
it's just not very good. You need to
have a clear dollar offer in my opinion.
And so if you have a clear dollar offer,
the problem is because no one knows
where SpaceX is going to land. You don't
know what your ratio in the new entity
is.
&gt;&gt; Mhm.
&gt;&gt; Because it could be anything from Tesla
owning 60% of the new entity to Tesla
owning 45% of the new entity which is a
massive difference.
&gt;&gt; So a merger of equal would be here. If
space if they pay $600 per share for
Tesla and then SpaceX drops 20% which no
one knows you would end up roughly at
1:1 right 1:1 ratio. Uh but if it drops
50% then suddenly Tesla is 1.54
versus SpaceX or it's it's down here if
SpaceX you know
&gt;&gt; okay
&gt;&gt; stays where it is. So that's the problem
of this whole thing and basically what
I'm proposing what I one way of making
this more stable if you buy into my
initial theory that you need a fixed
price you need a dollar offer for sh you
need to tell Tesla shareholders how much
they get for their shares whereas Larry
and Alexandra are basically implying you
don't need that you just say you get
exactly the market cap of SpaceX but if
you say that you see the problem, right?
You basically say, "Well, we will buy
Tesla for something between 1 trillion
and 3 trillion. No one knows. We just
want you to vote on it." I think that's
nuts. You can't do that. So, you
understand, Herbert, what I mean.
&gt;&gt; Mhm. Because of that, if you do a merger
of equals, you're literally telling
Tesla shareholders, we want you guys to
vote yes on an offer that will pay you
something between 900 billion and 4
trillion, and you won't know.
&gt;&gt; And that's like,
&gt;&gt; well, you'll you might you'll know kind
of by the night of the vote.
&gt;&gt; Exactly. And but but that the problem I
have with that is, you know, there are
two ways of seeing this. Either I'm
right and that's exactly how it is and
that's crazy or Larry and Alexandra are
right and say no one cares if it's 4
trillion or 900 billion. People only
care that they get the same value of the
other company. And I would push back on
that. That's not how financial markets
work. I do care if I get 900 billion or
4 trillion.
&gt;&gt; Okay? I absolutely do care because
they're assuming they're assuming that
we are all such fanatic fanboys that we
say who cares about money. You know, I
see the vision. It's infinity money
both. So, let's just share everything.
But that's not how capitalism works. In
capitalism, you need prices.
&gt;&gt; All right. Go ahead and pitch what you
actually think will happen. So what I
think I don't know if that will happen
but I think what would make that deal
much more plannable is what I call a
ratchet. In a ratchet situation, you
would basically do make the same offer,
right? You would say, "We we will pay
you $600 per share or whatever the
number is. Could also be 700 800,
whatever, whatever we think is enough to
make Tesla shareholders say yes." And to
avoid the situation that Tesla has less
than 50% of the new entity, we introduce
a ratchet, which means we are paying
$600 per share in SpaceX shares, unless
SpaceX is worth more than that, one more
than$1.88 trillion, which is the
equivalent of $600 per share for Tesla,
in which case we pay you uh the market
price of SpaceX. So in other words, that
would guarantee to Tesla shareholders
they are getting at least $1.88 trillion
&gt;&gt; in SpaceX shares. Uh but if SpaceX
actually goes up or is above that market
cap,
&gt;&gt; the deal gets adjusted upwards for
SpaceX holders because they say we don't
believe that actually works. So we want
to be compensated. We don't want to just
believe that SpaceX shares are like
priced perfectly at that moment. So we
want to get paid more if it's above the
acquisition price of Tesla. And that
introduces a ratchet and then you have
that situation that Tesla always ends up
at 50% of the new entity merger of
equals unless SpaceX falls below 1.88
trillion in which case Tesla gets $600
per share.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Okay. So that that makes sense. So
you're saying that there is a floor. So
the SpaceX will say, "We want to do a
merger of equals, but we guarantee you
that regardless of what the prices are,
we will still always the minimum we'll
pay you shareholders is $600 per share."
&gt;&gt; One example, let's say 600. So now the
stock is at 400 something and then
shareholders go, "Okay, at the minimum
I'm getting a 50% uh premium because
it's going to be $600." But if SpaceX is
higher, then Tesla's stock will be
higher and we get paid more. And uh
that's that. But you're just saying
there should be a floor.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; Exactly. Because otherwise
Exactly. Then then Tesla shares can
easily vote yes. Then SpaceX
shareholders could complain like but why
do we do this blah blah but they are
less important because that's completely
controlled by Elon. Uh but here that
would give Tesla shareholders peace of
mind. They say like, "Well, we are
getting at a minimum our $600 per
share." Because you have to translate it
into the share price. If you don't do
that and SpaceX falls, you're literally
saying at the merger, are you willing to
sell your $500 Tesla shares for $400 in
exchange for SpaceX shares?
&gt;&gt; Yeah. What what I like about this is
that, you know, the the big debate right
now is the psychology of the Tesla
shareholder. They've held for so long,
they say. And yeah, it's true. Stock's
been flat. We're now at the night, you
know, midnight, the night before Roboaxi
is going to roll out Optimus in a couple
years and we're about to break it in.
And so, why would we want to merge with
SpaceX now when we know that our own
stock is going to skyrocket beyond $400
what it is today? Some people are going,
I value Tesla stock at $2,000 right now
given, you know, you got to you got to
go forward and but then you have to pull
it back. My my argument would be
actually even more simple, Herbert. My
argument would be if you do a merger of
equals there is just no way around the
fact that at merger you will translate
that into dollars. You need that for
account. You need to do it for everyone.
You need to know what the price is,
right? You cannot avoid the price. And
that means the scenario where Tesla is
worth more than SpaceX is very likely.
It's it's I'm not saying it's
guaranteed, but it's absolutely
possible. And if that happens, you're
asking Tesla shareholders to merge by
selling their shares cheaper than they
could sell it in the market that day.
And that's just why would I ever do
that?
&gt;&gt; That won't happen. No,
&gt;&gt; I I won't do it. I could just sell it
and buy it.
&gt;&gt; If that's the case, they would abandon
the they would ban a proposal.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, but this is stupid. That's what I
mean, Herbert. That's why I think
Alexandra and Derry are wrong because in
that situation, the deal would not go
through in my opinion because you can't
make people sell their share. Like it
would also create massive problems
before the deal. It would like
absolutely destroy the whole trading of
the stock. So,
uh, I think there are 10 million
problems with this. Whereas, if you
create the ratchet, yes, the stock would
probably shoot up to 600 because then
you lock it in and then there's also no
lawsuits and anything because you got
the benefits already of the deal. You
got your share up a lot. But if you
don't do this, the share will not go to
600 because no one knows if you actually
get 600 because it will be completely
dependent on how SpaceX trades. And no
one knows that other than we know
there's a lot of selling pressure. So
&gt;&gt; well that that's what I was trying to
say because I agree with you because
what you need to do if you're SpaceX
convince a Tesla shareholder that this
is valuable to them. if the stock the
market is saying your stock is worth
$420
at the now at the time of announcement
but then if they put a dollar value like
you're saying a $600 whatever imagine if
it's $700 right stock jumps up because
it will once you say hey we intend to
buy you at a minimum this amount stock
will jump and then now the shareholders
will go hey the j the stock jumped
because of this offer now as opposed to
man I don't know I think maybe the stock
jumped because of Tesla not SpaceX. You
know Tesla is about to you know all
these exciting things happening with
Tesla that's why so then the Tesla
shoulders at the time of November will
be very thinking we're the ones that
brought the stock up but if you
&gt;&gt; if you don't have a ratchet if you don't
have a ratchet and you say we acquired
for SpaceX market cap probably what
happens is SpaceX drops like a stone
like they meet 50%. Tesla goes up to
550. SpaceX drops to whatever 135. I'd
have to do the math. And then
&gt;&gt; yeah,
&gt;&gt; SpaceX keeps dropping and Tesla keeps
dropping at the time of the merger is
Tesla is at 300 and then all hell breaks
loose,
&gt;&gt; right? Because then people say you
dragged us down. We at 300. And so, and
I'm not saying, by the way, it's not
about me saying this or this is exactly
going to happen.
&gt;&gt; But all of these scenarios are highly
probable, right? They are not 1%
scenarios. They are like 33% scenarios
or something all of them. And that means
if you do that kind of deal, you're
introducing massive amounts of risk of
this thing not happening. And this is
the one thing where you can be sure of
Elon is never going to do. He's not
going to do like, oh, let's gamble.
Let's see. Maybe we merge. Maybe it all
blows up in our face and then we need
two years to fix it or more. There's no
way they're going to do this. So when
you think about it logically,
I think a merger of equals cannot
happen.
&gt;&gt; Well, it's a mergers of equals with a
floor.
&gt;&gt; Yes, you need
by itself.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; Right. But then it's not a merger of
equals, right? You say there are clear
scenarios here where it's not equal and
other where it is equal, but it allows
us now to make up our minds because we
know what we are voting on and we can
already decide before the vote and
that's very important. What I like about
it too is that Elon can position it as
uh he cares about Tesla shareholders.
He's said that a few times. We will take
care of you now that he basically has 80
plus% voting control of SpaceX. And uh
it would be great for him to say,
"Listen, Tesla is undervalued.
I'm SpaceX. I'm going to buy Tesla,
acquire you, merge with you, but I'm
going to I think you're worth $700 a
share minimum." And so I'm going to go
put that minimum. But I think the two
combined companies is probably gonna be
worth more than your $700 because we're
the two of us are unstoppable. All these
news comes out, robo taxi, robots, more
deals, AI deals, all these things.
&gt;&gt; And I think uh
&gt;&gt; then he doesn't have to hold back
because then he can do all these things
and Tesla goes up because then no one
cares because we got paid. Yeah.
&gt;&gt; Say, "Okay, fine. For 700 I do it." And
if SpaceX drops, which absolutely could
happen. Yeah. no one cares because we're
getting a bigger chunk of the company
and everyone can make up their mind
before the vote. If you don't do that,
you simply have no idea what's going to
happen. And and this this leads to your
uh the discussion we had with Alexandra
two weeks ago, three weeks ago with my
show where you basically said, you know,
the market, you know, if if SpaceX
wanted to buy Tesla at not at equal
price, but actually double Tesla, Tesla
gets more two times of Tesla ver Tesla
owns up twothirds of the company and
SpaceX only one/3. You even brought up
that potential. It's like why is that
not the potential? That that's possible.
&gt;&gt; Exactly. And that's that's part of the
ratchet, right? So if if SpaceX falls,
as I said, I think that's going to
happen, then they might have to pay more
than their market cap for Tesla because
you need to get to the 600 or $700 per
share with your shares. And that might
be, you know, if it's 1.88 trillion and
you're worth 1.5 trillion, well, you
have to issue more shares than 13
billion for it.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; But that's then fine and they can do it.
They already have massive amounts of
shares shelfd. And I disagree with
Alexandra that this is normal. I've seen
a bunch of companies. I've never seen
that. You have seen.
&gt;&gt; I mean, I just looked it up and merges
of equal is normal. There is, you know,
Dowo Chemical, Dupant, uh, Exxon and
Mobile, AOL and Time Warner, Daimler
Benz and Chrysler, Citic and Travelers
Group. This is, uh, mergers of equals.
Now they position it as mergers of equal
almost as a positioning.
But uh what we need to find out is the
the if one one company has to do an
shareholder vote, they need to know what
this means. Why would they say yes,
right?
&gt;&gt; Yeah. And also all of these company
Yeah. It's very important to look at
these examples. I don't doubt that there
are examples. I just want to see them
and see what exactly happened. And I'm
pretty sure also that none of them ever
was of that size in conjunction with
that insane volatility.
&gt;&gt; I'm just asking as a mergers. Um, you
know, why would shareholders vote if
it's an a position as a mergers of
equal? Um, very good positioning. I I I
mean, you pitched this idea back then
with Alexandra that there's possibly a
floor. We'll see. So, what matters to
you is what you're positioning here is
not just the price. It's also the
structure of how they do this and that's
what matters.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Exactly. So I think the problem
with merger of equals is that assumes
that you have stable companies where the
time between the announcement and the
vote it doesn't introduce massive
amounts of risks. I think that I think
the reason I'll say yes is I just took a
look at these past mergers of equals and
the yes the shareholders have to vote
and according to you know 98% voted in
favor uh 99% voted in favor 83% in favor
like so in the past you know it it
passed but the issue is that Tesla is on
the the belief by shareholders is that
Tesla's on brink of massive upside if
that wasn't the case if we were sitting
let's say a year or two years ago, I
think that that this could have just
passed just the fact that SpaceX Tesla
should merge. Everybody vote will say
yes because it's a great, you know, the
future is great. But because Tesla's at
the brink of real robo taxi rollout, a
lot of Tesla shoulders would not vote
yes for that at this point. So, I think
they need to be given a premium. There
needs to be a floor.
&gt;&gt; And it's not just that Tesla is is at
the brink of a breakout. It's also that
SpaceX is at the brink of a selloff,
right? just just on a tactical point
that it starts exactly in August and
ends probably November. So,
&gt;&gt; you know, it's a double whammy for Tesla
shareholders.
&gt;&gt; Good point. Okay, fantastic show. Thank
you so much, Joe. This is it. We're
going to find out what happens soon. Um,
but you do, you agree the mergers are
going to happen or it's in the plans.
Nobody's, you know, the too many
breadcrumbs to point. You lean, it
sounds like you said earlier that you
kind of do think that if it is going to
happen, it's going to happen sooner than
later. maybe end of July, maybe August
as opposed to next year. The
announcement itself you believe that and
then the only dec discussion now is how
is it structured and what price point
and you gave some good examples.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. And my issue is just you know they
now the whole strategy is it looks like
SpaceX is more valuable than Tesla right
now but I think Tesla shareholders
expectations plus anyone who understands
IPO dynamics this could completely
inverse exactly in this time frame and
that is not good. Yeah,
&gt;&gt; it's not. And by the way, these merger
of vehicles, I just looked it up. They
also have like double trigger walk away
provisions and things like that where if
the value of one company deviates more
than 20% from the announcement, it
breaks.
&gt;&gt; Well, so that's a that is that is I
think what Alexander and Larry were
saying. It's already built into theou
some sort of price floor without
actively saying it. It already is built
in that you won't walk away.
&gt;&gt; But that is a ratchet. So I'm saying if
we get that
&gt;&gt; then it's all fine but that's also not
normal. Normally it's a walk away then
the deal is over.
&gt;&gt; Okay.
&gt;&gt; So
&gt;&gt; I think you're right. I'm leaning
towards you're right. I'll have to talk
to these guys. Maybe we'll set up a show
and have a deeper dive. But I think
you're
&gt;&gt; Yeah, we just have to scenarios. We just
have to do exactly that. Put in a Google
sheet. Okay. What happens under what
circumstance? Because Alexandra said no.
They they will trade in lock step. like
no they will trade according to what the
market thinks and
&gt;&gt; no I I agree with her they will trade in
lock step that is true once the
announcement is made that the two and uh
if SpaceX is high and Tesla's uh low
whatever they will merge into a certain
price point and then they'll trade lock
meaning to say if Tesla starts
announcing robo taxi both will go up
because
&gt;&gt; that's only true that depends on the
mechanism that is only that is no I
would push back on that they will only
trade in lock step to the extent the
market assumes the deal is going to
happen
&gt;&gt; right
&gt;&gt; yeah but the market is going to say well
but we know Tesla shareholders are going
to vote no
&gt;&gt; yeah if SpaceX is really really much
higher and that's the problem it's so
volatile that
&gt;&gt; yeah the whole lock step let's say this
lock step assumption is the assumption
that everyone prices in that the vote is
yes at the moment where this is not the
case the whole lock step gets also
destroyed and that's what you don't want
because then no one knows what's going
to happen.
&gt;&gt; True that.
&gt;&gt; So the lock step situation is a direct
function of the certainty of the vote.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. And therefore there should be a
floor so that uh more certain that Tesla
shoulders will say yes regardless of
what the stock fluctuation happens.
&gt;&gt; Exactly.
&gt;&gt; Makes sense. Okay. Uh thank you so much
to Joe. Appreciate you as always. Thanks
for putting the work in. Go follow Joe.
Check out his website pioneerlands.org.
&gt;&gt; Thank you. I've created a website that
is the most comprehensive resource for
the Tesla investor. Please check it out.
Simply go to my website at herdomm.com.