Channel:     futureaza
Title:       Tesla Semi's Biggest Advantage Just Became Impossible To Ignore
URL:         https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aW2rWhitsn0
Published:   2026-06-10 12:00 UTC
Fetched:     2026-06-10 13:00 UTC

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

iOS is going full tilt. There's a whole
lot of news there, none of which I have
access to, but we do have some other
electric semi- news, quite a bit of it
from around the world. And we've also
got some interesting stories from
Canada. Uh, so if your name is Resilient
Ry and you are watching this because you
just found out I do cover Canada stuff,
welcome to the rest of you. Welcome as
well. And then we're going to get into
last week's questions and comments and
wrong answers, of which we got quite a
few because we requested them. Thank you
guys for that. I'm Brian. Welcome to
Futura.
&gt;&gt; Well, if it is this time of the week,
that means Mark must be here. Mark from
the Tesla Life. It's a fantastic show on
the Tesla Life Show on YouTube every
Wednesday at 400 PM Pacific, 700 p.m.
Eastern. A whole lot of fun. And uh Mark
joined me in Moskegan over the weekend.
We had a great time. We had a fantastic
event. The weather held out for us. An
amazing light show. It all went great.
You can find more of that on X as time
goes on. Mark, I did want to thank you
one more time for participating in the
event.
&gt;&gt; Oh, you're quite welcome. Appreciate the
invite, Brian. It was it was a lot of
fun.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. And you know, it's fun being
famous for a day.
You come up like I know you.
&gt;&gt; I know you. Yes.
&gt;&gt; It wasn't wasn't wasn't me. Was not me.
So, what we're looking at here is we
still don't have any footage. Zangler is
back on the job. He will have some
footage for us likely by next week. Uh,
but a number of competing factors made
it difficult. So, uh, including Tesla's
general hostility to its biggest
boosters. Hey, what are you going to do?
Horizon Motors new class 8 electric
tractor. Two seats are better than one.
Uh yeah, an expected 150 to 100 uh 120
to 150day order to delivery turnaround,
which I claim I find very dubious. They
were at the ACT Expo. I don't know if
you had a chance to look at this one,
but uh they said basically we we asked
everybody what they didn't like about
the Tesla Semi and we did the opposite.
&gt;&gt; Ah,
&gt;&gt; okay.
&gt;&gt; That was that's an interesting way to to
uh form your business on. Yeah. Yeah.
Um, other than that, there's no news in
here. Certainly nothing that's useful.
Um, it does say it's not for, you know,
thousandm trips. The charging
infrastructure just isn't there. Uh, but
yeah, basically that it's basically
that. No.
&gt;&gt; So, really the whole the whole thing is
they put seats beside each other and a
driver is on the regular side and that's
about it.
&gt;&gt; Uh-huh. Yep. That's
&gt;&gt; that's the critical difference. I would
like to know the watt hours uh per mile
uh or miles per kilowatt. Either way, I
can do the math myself. Without that, I
don't need it. Hey, do you know that
California's got a billion dollar EV
truck program? Is it a good idea? Yeah.
The Golden State rebates will range from
7500 to $120,000.
It is a billion-dollar program designed
to, you know, clean up the trucking. Um
yeah, for draage trucks, semiis, box
trucks, delivery vans, and other fleet
vehicles designed to keep global
leadership in clean technologies that
will define the future of
transportation.
Uh so yeah, this this is a this is a
good idea for California because they've
already done it with passenger cars.
They offered huge incentives for
passenger vehicles and look what's
happened. they've been able to lower
their emissions dramatically over time
with regulation and of course the carrot
of offering uh rebates, state rebates.
So, I can't see why this would not work
for them again as they try to move their
next biggest poller uh trucking uh into
the the next century.
&gt;&gt; Yes, criticisms come from different
groups that advocate for free market
solutions such as the Pacific Research
Institute. Why are we giving automakers
more hard-earned taxpayer money? It
doesn't make sense unless you think
about it for more than about a second.
Uh it'd be nice if we weren't uh choking
on diesel fumes uh when we are outside.
I would love that. Uh I'd like to see
less of choking on fumes. So this is,
you know, uh great. If California wants
to spend their tax money on their
solutions, I say let them. It'll move
the whole industry forward. And the
reason why it remains critical is
because in the US there's only one semi
that's below the magic $300,000
uh break even point and that's Tesla. If
you actually want competition, you want
more than just Tesla doing it.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; And I think competition is good and
healthy. This is an older story, but
it's kind of interesting. I don't know
if you remember Thor, but it's now ex
it's now uh I'm going to say 10 OS
trucks. I'm gonna say it's Shiao trucks.
I'm gonna say it's uh OS the 10th. It's
uh XOS XOS. So that's great. Um these
are still kicking around, I'm told.
&gt;&gt; I have not seen one personally ever.
&gt;&gt; No, no,
no. Um
&gt;&gt; I I I'm I'm sad they moved from Thor. I
thought that was a great rememberable
name. That's what that's what uh cued me
when I saw this ad or this article was
that I remember Thor, they had they had
a couple trucks.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Yeah. You know who actually does
have trucks? Lion.
&gt;&gt; Yes.
&gt;&gt; Uh Lion uh will deliver 10 battery
electric trucks to Amazon. Uh the first
two will be delivered this year. Uh what
do you know about Lion, Mark?
&gt;&gt; I believe they're based in Quebec and um
they've been producing the midsize
trucks for quite some time. uh they've
uh they've been after the the the box
truck type uh fleet and uh they've also
done school buses. So uh they're they're
proficient in what they've been doing
and they've have a couple of different
generations of vehicles.
&gt;&gt; That's right. The buses is what I know
them for. Uh but yes, that is uh all
correct. Uh but I figured uh I'd be
crazy not to have you uh sound off on
our Canadian news story. The trucks will
be manufactured at the Canadian facility
which has a current capacity to produce
2500 electric trucks per year. Oh, well
that's not enough. I agree. But you got
to start somewhere.
&gt;&gt; Fair.
&gt;&gt; Exactly.
&gt;&gt; Um, now I don't know if you've if you're
familiar with Canada, but uh the largest
supercharger in Canada could open in
Ajax as soon as tomorrow.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. East of uh the GTA, or as we like
to call it, the Greater Toronto area.
Ajax is on the 401 up against uh the top
of Lake Ontario and it's a it's a major
thoroughare to Montreal. So this is uh
going to be a welcome change to the
charging infrastructure in that area and
on the corridor between Toronto and
Montreal.
&gt;&gt; 44 stalls. That's pretty good. These
look like at least V3 three and a half
cabinets. They could be version fours.
Uh but they are, you know, going to
provide serious juice. If you folks are
in Ajax, let me know if you see it open.
Uh because if you are out there driving,
uh you know, you want a good charging
spot.
&gt;&gt; What if no one's out there driving?
&gt;&gt; Exactly.
&gt;&gt; Who's afraid of electric trucks? Not
Ohio, Indiana, California, or Michigan.
That is That is something to be afraid
of right there.
&gt;&gt; Is it because the front of it looks like
a casket?
&gt;&gt; That could be part of it. Yeah.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Uh not on this list is Texas,
which had the first uh big statewide
electric well automated autonomous
trucking pilot program. Uh so this is
great. We want to see more of this. Um,
we've seen that trucking has different
demands than city driving. A lot of
interstate, a lot of open routes, a lot
of uh long stretches with little need to
intervene or do anything complicated.
It's just something nice to see. So,
great. Excited. I saw this one and I
thought it was hilarious. I've been
saving it for a while because we Anyway,
EVs equipped with vehicle integrated
photovoltaic cells could cover up to 80%
of their electricity needs. Now, you
might think that the solar part or the
electricity part is doing the heavy
lifting here, but could is loadbearing
in this headline
&gt;&gt; because uh you can't. It's a great idea.
I'm glad they're testing it, but this is
going to generate for you uh no power.
It's uh daily yields could increase to
up to 90 kilowatt hours. They're not
there currently. Yeah. Uh could be 55
kilowatt hours per day. So you could go
30 miles. So, if your daily route is 50
miles and the weather conditions are
perfect,
then it could do 80% of your daily
amount. You know, this was something
Elon had talked about to Joe Rogan. Joe
Rogan said, "Why can't we just have a
car that does solar?" And Elon politely
explained that the number of photons
that hit any particular square meter of
area is fixed. And we know that amount
and it is insufficient
for the job now when it comes to
&gt;&gt; Yeah. thoughts.
&gt;&gt; I think they should still cons uh
continue working on ideas, but you're
right. It doesn't exist now. And if you
want to go with PV, uh you're far better
to line your house with it and then
power your car that way. Uh or truck uh
you know, make make you've got a great
flat roof at your distribution center.
perfect spot to load it up with solar
and contribute to the truck's uh
electricity needs.
&gt;&gt; All All true. Sometimes there's
solutions that look good, but uh but
when you start asking the why, do you
really want to drag around all that
extra weight? Do you really want to
repair that when it's damaged? But if
you are a group that has a need for a
truck like this and you only use it once
a week, you may never have to juice up
again. Who knows, man? Certainly not I.
&gt;&gt; So, what I'm saying is maybe not the
best job, but you know who does do the
best job? Me. I need your support,
ladies and gentlemen. Uh I'm like a
televangelist out here. Uh just, you
know, hey, if you're able to support the
channel, great. If not, I totally
understand. The other alternative is,
yeah, is a animation that I could
afford. Uh, you can subscribe. It
doesn't cost you anything. It helps the
channel. I'm coming up on 80,000
subscribers. And man, is it
&gt;&gt; you are so close to the magic 100,000.
You're you're you're within range,
Brian. You're within range.
&gt;&gt; I'm not people. Oh, you'll hit it pretty
soon. At this pace, it'll be years.
It'll still be years. I'm not even
picking up a thousand a month. Not even
close. So, hey, uh, guess what time it
is, Mark.
&gt;&gt; It is the picture time.
&gt;&gt; Mhm. Well, you do that one a lot. It's a
big favorite of yours. I've highlighted
the thumbs up because you are free to
give this video and all uh videos the
thumbs up. Please do that. We are going
to be addressing wrong answers only. Uh
we will give you the wrong answer only
assignment for this week before the end
of the show. Uh but uh we address your
questions, your comments, your concerns,
the serious ones and the not so serious
ones, not all of them. We don't have
that much time, but we do our best. Uh
and we will get to the wrong answers
only momentarily. First, the real
questions. A quota system for imports.
We discussed the Chinese vehicles going
into Canada also gives leverage for good
or ill to the administration of Canada.
Mark, do you know how those 49,000
import slots are allocated?
&gt;&gt; I know that they're allocated in
halfyear slots. So the 49 is divided in
half and for the six months that they're
divided equally. So those slots are then
uh
&gt;&gt; from what I understood uh is waiting for
manufacturers to submit their
certification that their vehicles have
been certified and uh they can be given
slots by the Canadian government. And I
I understand that the Chinese government
really has nothing to do with it. It's
the individual manufacturers that are
the ones that are submitting their bid
to do so. And then the government gives
out the uh the okay based on
certification.
&gt;&gt; You are correct. So uh that 6.1% tariff
instead of the effective ban that is the
100% tariff uh which would be you know a
little steeper for the first 6 months.
They said free-for-all, first come first
serve. Apply for them uh and we'll give
them to you. It's a you get a companies
can apply up to 30 days before the date
of entry of the EV and permits are valid
for a maximum of 60 days. So the idea is
just before you commit to putting them
on the boat, you submit and they go,
"Yep, you're good to go." And then you
ship them. You got that's enough time to
get all your logistics sorted. But you
won't do it on a speculative basis. 60
days is not enough for speculation.
For the second half of the year though,
you will submit for the application and
they will tell you yes or no. This year,
I don't think it's going to matter. I
don't think any manufacturer, including
Tesla, is going to have so many that
others would be shut out. But if we're
in July or August and Tesla's saying,
"Look, we can fill the rest of it." I
can see them saying, "We're not going to
let you have 100% of the allocation.
That's too much. We're going to leave
this many spots open for someone else.
Does that seem like the like the likely?
&gt;&gt; Yeah, probably. Uh they would also maybe
maybe they give Tesla like you know 25%
of the next a lotment if nobody else is
submitting. But you're right, they
probably will hold some back.
&gt;&gt; I I think it would be unre if BYD is in
discussions to have three, four, five
places open by the end of the year. I
think it would be reasonable to hold
some spots for them. I'm I'm not there.
I don't think the commenter was wrong
necessarily that for good or ill, that
would give the government some say in
who gets what, but that's how
governments work. If they can make a
Tesla Model Y L, which they have, why
can't they make a YS or a short version
that has less volume, less leg room, a
partial rear door for rear seat egress,
and have a smaller footprint than the
three?
&gt;&gt; I have an answer.
&gt;&gt; Go ahead.
because they have to be able to sell it,
too.
&gt;&gt; Well, so I I can agree that someone
would buy this car. I do not think it
would be the bestselling car, but my
answer is because they would have to
engineer it. That's a whole new car.
That is a whole new car. The Y L is a
pretty new car. Not all new, but
remarkably new, and the engineering is
finished. They don't want more cars that
you and I can drive. They want more cars
that you and I can ride around in. And
this idea, as much as I think it would
help if Tesla was looking at just being
a volume leader, isn't necessarily
critical to the actual current mission
of Tesla is my thought.
&gt;&gt; I I also think that Tesla has those type
of plans already and they've passed them
over.
&gt;&gt; Uh we heard about the Mexican plant. We
heard about a a cheaper, more affordable
vehicle uh coming to light that would be
smaller than the Model 3. And again,
Tesla's decided they're taking a pass on
that at this point.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Where do you think they would
build the Y L if they make it in the US?
Texas or Fremont? So, my original answer
was always Texas. They've got the space,
they've got the capacity, but we've seen
it testing in Fremont, so it could be
both. uh to take advantage of East
Coast, West Coast shipping logistics. Uh
but I would say definitely Texas and
maybe Fremont. What do you What's your
assumption?
&gt;&gt; Yeah, if I had to call one or the other
for sure, it would definitely be Texas.
Um because everything's going to be
Texas centric now that HQ is there. Uh
but um maybe a volume dictated Fremont
has to be ready.
&gt;&gt; I mean, you can ship them a greater
distance. Very few companies make cars
from more than one factory within a
single market for the same vehicle. It's
not like there's an East Coast Corolla
and a West Coast Corolla. Although, that
would be a movie I might watch.
I would never put my kids in the
backseat of a Y L, especially since
there are a lot of rear-end collisions.
&gt;&gt; Uh uh. Okay. So, I checked the stats.
It's already been ANCAP tested. tested
very high. The only um thing they said
is that the universal clip mounts for
car seats in the second row um aren't as
easy as some others. So, be very sure
that you've attached them correctly.
But, ANCAP doesn't even test rear end
collisions. Those aren't big injury
sources. Those aren't uh you know,
you've got unlike the front end where
you have to stop perhaps a concrete wall
from intruding into your vehicle. If
you're rearended, um you've got their
crumple zone plus your crumple zone. And
uh this car still scored very very
highly. And when I looked up uh how
common are rear-end collisions, uh the
law firm of of Ambulance and Chaser said
that it's about 30% of all collisions.
But of the people I know who've been
injured in car accidents, all I ever
have ever heard of in a rear-end
collision is neck injuries.
And that's regardless of what seat
you're in. I've never met someone who
has been injured from physical intrusion
from the back of the vehicle.
&gt;&gt; So I
&gt;&gt; I don't think it's a thing.
&gt;&gt; I don't think it's a thing. I wouldn't
have any safety concerns putting
passengers in the third row of any car
that has three rows. So I'm not as
concerned about that, but thank you for
the question. Grace wants to know, "What
do you think the chances are that Tesla
is going to use Nvidia as a conduit to
get FSD into other manufacturers in the
future to bypass political BS and let
automakers have self-driving tech that
works?" I would say 0% is my guess.
&gt;&gt; That would be my guess as well. They're
not going to work with Nvidia to get it
uh beyond or bypass political BS. That
is just not going to happen.
&gt;&gt; Unfortunately, I think correct, Mark. I
think that Nvidia has their own
solution. They don't want someone
else's. Uh even though theirs doesn't
work. Uh that's never stopped any other
manufacturer. And I think Tesla and I
think Nvidia would be hesitant to do
that for a number of reasons that aren't
political. I saw a headline, don't be
trying to drive your Chinese built into
the uh EV into the US. That's a no-go.
Something like that. Talking about
Canada.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; I What have you heard? I've heard that
uh the US is looking at maybe passing
some sort of legislation that would um
stop any vehicle coming into a US border
point from either Mexico or Canada or
internationally that has Chinese
software
um installed on it. uh which of course
uh could mitigate vehicles that want to
go for a drive into the US if if nothing
is done with the Chinese software that's
currently on those cars.
&gt;&gt; The bill specifically mentions Canada's
tariff reduction on Chinese EVs. Uh so
this is going to surprise you. I hope
you're I hope you're ready, emotionally
prepared for this. This legislation is
being proposed by precisely two uh
members of Congress, both of them from
Michigan.
&gt;&gt; No.
&gt;&gt; So, this has nothing to do with security
or safety. It's a protectionist actor
nonsense. Pro the protecting America
from Chinese cars act.
You know, the PAFA.
So, that's it's great. This will never
pass. I don't see how it would. Both
represent Michigan and both are members
of the Democratic party. Great. I don't
care which party you are. You're the
party of Michigan. You're protecting
Michigan. Uh so this is not in place
today. I don't think it will ever be in
place. That's my take.
So let's see here. Uh we were showing a
car on the track and this is Carla
saying, "Remember the body in the crate
Joe Tegmire caught a couple weeks ago?"
I assume Carla means car body.
Might be I because if it wasn't then I
missed the video. Looks like a matching
to me. Doesn't seem longer than a
regular Y but with a higher back end.
Maybe the long discussed amp model 2.
No, this is We never see the Y L from
the drone angle, the finished production
one. If you could see it from across the
street looking down, you'd go, "Oh, that
is the same shape as the one we see in
the in the drone footage." I think that
is the correct take. What do you what do
you make of it?
&gt;&gt; I would completely agree. That's what
we're probably seeing.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Yeah. So, market, it's time for
Wrong Answers Only.
&gt;&gt; Oh, yeah.
&gt;&gt; So, for this week's Wrong Answer Only,
what I would like for you guys to tell
us is what uh we were talking about that
article. Let me get back to it. Uh where
they were saying that what we did is we
asked people what they didn't like about
the uh Tesla Semi and we just gave them
that. They said they didn't want one
seat in the middle. They wanted two
normal. So, we gave them that. My
question is, what else should an
electric semi definitely definitely
have? Wrong answers only because we want
this to be for everybody. We want
customers to look at and go, "Yep,
that's my that's my new ride." Uh, so
surely that is it. Last week's wrong
answer, don't bother answering this one.
Last week's wrong answer that we
requested is what on earth will be the
big surprise at the summer meetup in
Moskegan that we just attended. And
Mark, I hope you're ready because who
knows, one of these might accidentally
be a right answer. You can tell me if
these things happen. I hope there's a
wrong answer. Brian overindulges at the
beer truck and moons the crowd.
&gt;&gt; Oh my gosh.
&gt;&gt; Um I've signed a non-disclosure
agreement so I really can't comment on
that. That's right. Uh I suspect this is
the reason we didn't have a beer truck.
So, um Okay. Along the same lines, why
uh Brian's twominut streak from the pool
to his room? I chip in 20 bucks on the
bar tab to make that happen. Rob. Rob.
Okay. So, here's a little family
friendlier one. Wrong answer only.
Zangler will appear. You know what? Uh,
if Zangler would like to come to our
event next year, I would be honored to
have him. I will make it happen. So,
Zangler, I'm sure you're watching this.
I don't think he is, but I will make
sure he knows. He is welcome. But if
you're going to have a wrong answer only
for a keynote, Fred Lambert from
Electric.
&gt;&gt; Ah, yes.
&gt;&gt; Oh my gosh, that would be spicy.
&gt;&gt; That is a definite wrong answer, but
good one. Um, David Huber correctly.
This I don't know if this even counts.
The highlight will be a two octillion
ton fusion plant in the sky. You know
that's that was present. So, and it was
unmistakable.
So, that's uh wrong answer. A
reenactment of Brian's play Two Babies
and a Bandit starring Mark Herbert and
Randy. You're so close on this Frost. It
is called Three Bandits and a Baby
July 10th through the 26th at Stage
Works Northwest. Uh, yeah. Wow.
&gt;&gt; Pretty close. Pretty close, but not
&gt;&gt; not a correct answer. So, it qualifies.
&gt;&gt; The oil magnates have arranged for a
powerful EMP to be triggered, expected
to make every BEV spontaneously burst
into flames and burn the whole place
down. Everyone's expected to be toasting
marshmallows over the ember shortly
after. and the aliens show up in a Tesla
semi. Unfortunately, Jim, that did
happen. So, I
&gt;&gt; How did Jim know all of that? It's like
he wrote the script or something.
&gt;&gt; It's oddly specific. Mr. Parr, we might
want to have a conversation. No. Uh,
actually, it turns out uh none of that
happened, but we did when we were
setting up. A guy drove by and yelled
out his window, "Your cars are going to
catch on fire, losers.
I'm sorry, but the guy screaming out his
window at 45 miles an hour is not the
winner in this story.
Ah, Tesla brings a semi and surprises
everyone with its vehicle to load capa
capabilities by powering the entire
event. Oh, that would have been amazing.
&gt;&gt; Yes, it would.
&gt;&gt; Sadly, a wrong answer.
Uh, the Moskegan meetup just showing up
in a brand Justin showing up in a brand
new R2 launch edition. Now, that would
be pretty cool. All the wrong answers
coming to mind are too gross to post.
Appreciate the hesitation on that front.
Rivian was at our event. They did bring
R1S and R1T for test drives. No R2. I
said, "Darn it. If we were just if we
were shifted by a week, you could have
brought it." They said, "If we were
shifted by a week, we wouldn't have had
time to come."
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Exactly. which is which I get R2
out now for demos. I just they wouldn't
tell me where in advance. So today I got
to find out three hours away. Um I I if
I'd have known yesterday I could have
driven up there but uh now it will be
maybe next week. So
classic Rivian uh at least uh they have
uh a ball to drop but boy do they drop
it. Wrong answer only. Randy will fly in
from Hawaii and join for a 10-minute
rendition of Who's On First.
&gt;&gt; Wow. I would have paid to see that,
&gt;&gt; but no, that didn't happen.
Unfortunately,
&gt;&gt; that unfortunately did not. JD Luke, uh,
the highlight will be Brian's fan dance.
Wow.
&gt;&gt; Mhm. All this talk about squirrels has
me wondering where Moosees Boris, I
don't know why they haven't moved more
quickly on the Y L. Americans love
space.
Yeah, wrong answer only. And I hope this
is a wrong answer. They will land a
Falcon 9.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, that that would be uh that would
be a bit uh panicstricken if that was to
happen. There'd be a lot of people uh
really surprised and running for their
lives.
&gt;&gt; Disruptive. Disruptive is what that
would be. Wrong answer only. Yugoso's
figured out they can put an EGO
self-propelling mower setup into the
base model and enter the mowandgo
commuter. uh launching at Moskegan. So
yeah, that would be that would be a
terrible idea. But you know what? I
would trust the powertrain of an Ego
mower over anything made by Yugo. A
compliment to Ego. Not so much Yugo.
&gt;&gt; Wrong answer. The highlight will be a
random ice pickup truck parked
incorrectly.
&gt;&gt; Oh,
&gt;&gt; we had people at the gate.
&gt;&gt; We did see some of that. Kind of
&gt;&gt; not as not as bad. The highlight will be
that I won't be there this year. Joe's
Joe's. That's not a highlight.
&gt;&gt; No,
&gt;&gt; that's a low light. Unfortunately
disqualified. That is not uh that would
not I can't I just can't allow it. A
surprise Roadster reveal. It'll make
international news, but a malfunction.
The low power rocket thrusters will send
it to transfer orbit and onto Mars. So,
uh, yeah, that's, uh, that is correct.
That did not happen. With the funding
from SpaceX IPO, Elon will launch the
entire event to Mars. What did I, what
did I ever do to do to him, Scott?
&gt;&gt; Mhm. Uh, Tom, who you may have met over
the weekend, the highlight will be Elon
showing up. There's a confirmed possibly
true rumor going around that it that
that's a nonzero chance. Incorrect.
Yeah.
Yeah. So, uh that's what we do you guys.
We answer your questions. We uh your
serious questions, your not so serious
questions, and we have fun doing it. As
one viewer once said, "I'm not here for
the clown show." And 50 others
responded, "We are." So, uh the rest of
the week is a little bit more serious
than this. This is just where we have
fun. So guys, what do we miss? What do
we misunderstand? Leave it in the
comments below. And everyone else, stay
tuned. Stay juicy. And I can't wait to
hear from you clever robots with your
wrong answer on what you want in that
semi.