Channel:     jobhakdi
Title:       How I PLAYED Tesla Earnings (Stock Options)
URL:         https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=83lySesUpUA
Published:   2026-04-22 22:38 UTC
Fetched:     2026-04-22 23:00 UTC

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Today is a big day. Today is Tesla
earnings day and most of the other
commentators and analysts will chip in
after earnings and I will do so too. But
much more important than that is chip in
before earnings so we understand how we
go into this session and maybe position
ourselves accordingly before so we can
maybe capture some alpha here. Most
people don't comment on that because
it's a risky game. But I will tell you
today how I view these earnings and what
I do to go through this with the best
chances of adding some alpha to the
portfolio, positioning myself and adding
just the right amount of risk. So what
are we talking about here? A lot of
people talk about Tesla earnings and the
expectations and I will just give you a
very quick overview of what people
think. Now there is some attempts by a
lot of other people to guide you through
all the little you know per share
estimates for income and then go down
deep into deliveries into energy into
all these things. I'm not a big friend
of that game because that game is better
played by analysts fundamental analysts
who are really into the core business
and do all these things. I think it's
actually not that important to do that
and I will explain that in a second.
Before we do so, let's take a quick look
into what's going on. So the earnings
estimates here are actually the
following. Uh we have 33 cents adjusted
EPS that is consensus 20 analysts. Uh we
have broader analyst consensus from fact
and uh refinitive uh.36
to 37 cents. All of that probably
doesn't mean much to you guys. I did the
math on it. What does it mean in
absolute terms? $1 billion in net profit
this quarter or 1.3 billion in net
profit. That is the low-end and the
highend estimates. Now my first
commentary on this is we have to think
about what that actually means in robo
taxi terms because all of us know that
this will be a bad quarter. All of us
know that yeah we are going to miss some
deliveries. We already know all the
delivery numbers. We know we missed on
energy. know if we will be on the lower
end maybe but that's already baked into
these estimates so expectation game is
pretty clear here but why is this not so
important for us who are looking forward
to what's going to come I have an
extremely simple little math here you
know that I zero in on the actual
important math if you assume $60,000 in
margin per robo taxi per year okay you
have a $1 billion estimate here on the
low end this is the equivalent of
$16,600 100 robot tax axis. Of course,
this is per quarter, but let's say this
is uh annualized, right? 16,000. We can
multiply this with four if you want to
to actually get to the annualized robo
taxi situation. So, these need to
actually operate a whole year. And then
we have to basically multiply this by
four. So, that is the number of robo
taxis you would need to actually get to
that quarterly amount. Right? This is
the quarterly amount you actually need.
So, let me just explain that in more
plain terms. If you had 66,000 robo
taxes in operation, you would basically
double the entire the entire net income
of Tesla. Okay? You would make a billion
dollars in net income per quarter,
roughly 66,000 robo axis. Okay? But now
we're talking about Tesla's not going to
miss this number by 100%. They're going
to miss maybe by 10%, right? If things
go bad, we're coming in at 29 cents or
whatever. It's a miss by 10%. What is
that 10% in robo taxis? It's actually
1,600 or annualized. We're talking about
6,000 robo taxis. Okay, now you can do
the math. If we miss by 10%,
just 6,000 robo taxis offset the entire
miss. And that is why the misses while
the core business right now doesn't
matter too much. It doesn't matter if
you miss a little bit here and there. It
is much more important for quantitative
reasons. What is the robo taxi
trajectory and what is Tesla going to
say in terms of guidance? Okay, because
if they got anything where someone can
say, well, I'm now ramping up my
expectations from 6,000 to 12,000 this
year or from 12,000 to 40,000 whatever
it is or from 10,000 to 200,000 next
year. Any of these numbers, any
adjustments of these numbers will
absolutely beat a miss or beat on the
income per share. And that is why
analysts are actually not looking at
that too much. I'm not saying a miss is
great, but you see what's going on here.
Any kind of change in the outlook for
robo taxi will massively override to the
downside or upside that misn number. if
we have a missed number at this point.
Now that is why everyone will be looking
for guidance and we'll be looking for
what Tesla is actually saying in terms
of where we stand with robo taxi
rollout. Now we also know that they are
not going to say much. I'm very
convinced that Tesla will as always not
say much. They're going to say the
following. I can already tell you what
they are likely going to say about that.
They say it's going well. We are rolling
out robo taxis as you can see in the
news. continuously. We are now we just
added Dallas and Houston. We are now
putting unsupervised robo taxi into
them, but we take it slow and cautiously
and we make sure safety is first while
we are preparing the greater roll out.
We also got approval in the Netherlands
in Europe, which is an important domino
to unlock all of Europe. When it comes
to actual deployment of the robo taxis,
we'll take it with safety first and do
the roll out diligently so we keep it
safe. But we are very confident that the
rollout will continue and we are all
very excited. That's what they're going
to say. They're not going to give
anything away and everyone knows already
everything that is there to know. We
know cyber cap is scaling. We know
rollout is slow but we know rollout is
continues. We know in recent days and
weeks we had some step changes
on the unsupervised level but on a low
base. And now it's up to everyone to
think what's happening. That is my
expectations for these earnings. In
short, similar story to all the previous
earnings of the last four quarters for
Tesla. I do not expect great surprises.
That is my bottom line. If you connect
all these dots, I do not expect great
surprises. And that leads me to my
strategy. Okay, my strategy for this
earnings call is actually the following.
I'm looking at the whole thing on a meta
level. I'm not trying to beat everyone
else in having a better estimate on what
is going on with deliveries, what is
going on with margins. I don't care. I
trust the market to do their homework. I
trust Tesla to not surprise too much. I
trust Tesla to not massively surprise to
the downside or do something massively
stupid in terms of saying something
concrete. Oh, we are stopping the roll
out of Robo Taxi. All of that would be
devastating. I think they are going to
play it low ball. going to say it's all
good. We're continuing. Safety first.
Rollout continues. Everything nice and
the actual numbers won't play a big role
in a situation like this. When it comes
to the stock and how we trade this whole
situation to generate alpha and have the
odds on our side, which is always my
mantra, get the odds on your side. No
one knows the future, but we can predict
the future in a way that puts the odds
on our sides. That is why this chart
might be the most important one when we
look at earnings and that is poly market
finance equities. Will Tesla beat
quarterly earnings? You very recently
saw this drop basically on April uh
21st. So on Monday, oh what was this? Uh
on Tuesday, yesterday when Tesla
actually underperformed Tesla didn't
perform great the stock when you go back
right today looking good but we also see
that uh market is up. Tesla is up let's
see bad not very impressively like Tesla
should be up 2.2% on its beta of two to
the NASDAQ but it's basically only up
half as much as the beta beta suggests
which means no one is really bullish
right now. You also see on the 21st here
Tesla not performing very great actually
going down. Uh started out here at 400
and dropped 10 bucks. Okay, not great
because the NASDAQ was actually not too
bad. So why is that? Well, you can
compare it with this chart and you what
you see is that yesterday the
expectations that Tesla will beat
earnings dropped from 33% already not
great all the way down here to 20%. That
is probably the reason for some reason
something leaked probably if you see
something inorganic like this drop
probably some leak someone knows
something got the numbers first knows
they're not going to beat they're
probably going to miss a little bit and
now we are down here at 18%. Okay, why
do I like this? I like this setup
because it provides a high level of
certainty. We know that Tesla is very
likely not to beat earnings. Maybe miss
it by a little bit. Okay, we know that
the market knows. We know that the stock
is underperforming right now into
earnings and all of that makes it much
less likely that we see a big drop in
earnings. That is very important, very
important information for me because I
like options as you know my core
position. But to generate constant alpha
and pine alpha, we want of course to
have an advantage. The options markets
are often not that well synced up with
the fundamentals. So they are just
putting their premiums on. They have
very high premiums. roughly 10 bucks uh
based on a 4 390 put a call. So you're
getting 10 bucks for free. A move of $10
is basically built in. And when you look
at this situation, I find it very
attractive. And here's why. Whatever
move is basically built into the stock.
Let's say there was a 10 point move
based on some disappointment. Maybe
let's make it a 20 point move. Let's be
aggressive. Let's say they miss and
normally the stock would drop 20 points.
But now we have already anticipated that
because only 18% believe it's Bin. So
basically only a fifth
uh probability is left. And the way to
do the math on that is if you have an
expected move of let's say 20. We only
have an expected move of 10 by the way.
But maybe that's a little bit built in.
Let's say it was 20.
But now the market already assumes 80%
of that 20 has been built in which is
16. So we are basically already down 16
points going into earnings because
people already assume this is going to
happen. That's how you think about it.
That's how I think about it. So
basically the stock should be at 405 46
47 naturally without earnings. Now
people know earnings are going to be
bad. They drop the stock as if earnings
already happened but with a certain
probability on it. Let's say 16 points
down. That's basically what I read into
this chart. And that means the odds that
it drops 20 points from here or whatever
the original differential is are very
low. But if when you look at the options
premiums, you're still getting paid very
handsomely. So that is my first argument
why I'm liking short puts into earnings.
Something I normally don't do. Normally
I stay away from earnings, but these
earnings seem very transparent to me, at
least probabilistically. You never know
what's going to happen. You never know
what's going to happen. So you have to
be cautious. There can be also always
some bad accident. But the odds are
clearly on our side. I would predict the
most likely outcome here is stock
flatlines, maybe goes down a percent or
something or goes up a percent. If there
is a tail risk, I think it's more to the
upside and the least likely outcome tail
risk to the downside. Which means if you
if I go short puts here at 390, let's
look at the stock chart again. If I'm
going into that short 390 strike price
expiration on Friday or short 380 385
if you want to be very conservative 375
I think you're still getting about three
$4 for 375 right so you're breaking even
at 371
what are the odds that this thing drops
20 points from here I don't think very
high I think the odds are we are coming
out of this and not much happens plus -
2% or less. That is the most likely
outcome. And my final argument why I
like short puts here is even if you see
a significant drop, even if this drops
to 380 or 370, given the whole setup and
given the market and macro setup where
I'm pretty bullish on the whole
situation, I do think that would be a
perfect buying opportunity. So I think
in scenarios and outcomes, if it
actually drops, that's a good buying
opportunity. If it doesn't drop, I
collect the entire premium. That's why
I'm short puts. Now be cautious. You
have to pace it. Always ask yourself the
question, what if it drops to 350? Can I
survive that? Be very cautious. If
you're a beginner, just nibble on these
things. Do not take excessive risks.
Always something bad can happen. You
have to be cautious. So, I hope that was
interesting. Let's see what the earnings
bring and see you tomorrow on the other
side of this.