Channel:     futureaza
Title:       Cybercab Release to Experience THE WIDENING... and beginning generally - Tesla Beat Podcast
URL:         https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7mvTnP1xyrk
Published:   2026-08-21 14:42 UTC
Fetched:     2026-08-21 18:00 UTC

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

What's up everyone? This is the Tesla
Beat 157. Um, as we know, never a boring
or dull week here in the Tesla space.
Um, so we are going to get you all
caught up. Um, how's everyone doing? And
of course, Brian, you got to tell us
where you are.
&gt;&gt; Where am I indeed? I'm in Nepal at the
moment. Catman do to be specific.
There's a big auto show going on this
week. Went out today. We got the first
part of the big interview shot with the
uh lead engineer at the bus transit
authority that is in charge of
electrifying fleet. Lots of great stuff
coming more to come.
&gt;&gt; Nice.
&gt;&gt; Awesome. MDR and Joe, how are you guys
doing?
&gt;&gt; Still in America.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, life is good. Back home in
Seattle. Just returned from a
conference. So glad to join you boys.
&gt;&gt; Sounds good. Good. Well, let's let's uh
jump right into it. Quick, of course,
shout out to our Insta 360 Link 2C.
Amazing companion. Um hopefully Brian.
Yeah, Brian, are you using your link 2C
right now?
&gt;&gt; Yeah. So, it's crystal clear. He's out
in the
&gt;&gt; Joe of course always looks really good,
especially in that takeover swag. Uh but
with that said, let's let's jump into
it. It's been a busy week to say the
very least. Um, and actually the stock
is up further than it is uh with this
screenshot. I think it's up like um it's
up a total of 5% um at 362 right now. Uh
whereas for Tesla stock whereas uh
SpaceX over the past week um is down
about 6%. So really hovering around that
IPO price. Um the great thing is in my
opinion it really has aged well since it
went public and especially since a lot
of these employees can now sell. Um you
know again sometimes that can hu have a
huge volatility on the actual you know
um you know amount of the stock. So glad
to see it. Um but yeah and uh all right
Joe I'll pass this one to you man. Yeah,
Tesla released a short little video
pretty cool from uh from Tesla Semi from
the Tesla North America page, but also
Tesla Semi posted uh updated the Tesla
Semi pages now live, cheaper to run than
diesel with lower energy cost and far
fewer parts. I mean, we knew all of
this, but um it's really cool to see
that them talking about this. Semi can
pay for itself within a typical truck
ownership period. Mega charger at a 1.2
megawatt. Recovers 60% of the range in
30 minutes, which is pretty crazy. Up to
500 miles of range, fully loaded. And
that's if you're not knowing what fully
loaded means, it's over 80,000 pounds.
It's substantial. And that's 500 miles
with that. So, even if you loaded half
the weight, that's you got some range
coming out of your semi. So, pretty
cool. Uh, comes with a fleet software
for live status, trip planner, plus
remote support and overtheair updates as
Tesla does. Semi is going to be
BMF.
Yeah. My my thought is um my thought is
that uh people are, you know, this is a
sleeper. It's kind of like the energy
business. It's it's going to be one of
those things that uh when people start
waking up to what's possible with the
semi. Um it's really just going to
become one of those things that just is
a no-brainer. And I think it's always
what what is it Matthew and and I think
you Joe who mentioned like the the
people so the drivers are going to love
it, right? And and but the f the point
is is that they're not the decision
makers, right? And ultimately the people
that are going to look at the stats,
they're going to run through the numbers
and look like, you know, how much u it
costs to fuel versus charge, cost of
maintenance. You will pay a little bit
more upfront obviously for this this
semi. But long term, you know, uh it
really is going to be um a really I
think a differentiator in the market
kind of like the Model 3 was, right?
It's just going to make sense. And we'll
get into a deal that was closed later
this week. But with that said, the
drivers also love it too. So, but um so
I thought it was a big deal. Glad to see
it. I mean, clearly the factories up.
So, you know, they're starting to um to
to move them. So, yeah, let's open those
floodgates. The thing is, yeah, dollars
and cents are all that matter to the to
the company. Now, if for some reason it
was like really rough to drive, really
painful, I could see them saying, "Okay,
well, the savings isn't worth it if
we're going to lose all our drivers."
But like you said, the drivers do love
it. It is the easiest rig on the road to
operate. And apparently from the Pepsi
guys, they're saying they fight over who
gets to use it. So if it's cheaper and
cleaner and better and has lower
lifetime costs, lower ongoing mainten
maintenance, fewer days off the road for
repairs, I mean, it checks absolutely
every last box.
&gt;&gt; Yep.
Thought you were going to say something
more. Had me going there. Um, but yeah,
I think like I said, Joe and I a couple
months back went to Ontario where they
have this like travel pilot. Um, they
had like 200 semis and they were all
just hanging out there. And the amount
of diesel that people are just wasting
as it's, you know, as they're like
living in the semi. Um, you know, these
will be game changers because of, you
know, just again, they're they're
they're better made vehicles. So, um,
I'm I'm all for it. I'm glad that the
page is up. And, uh, yeah, and I like
that they're showcasing both, uh, both
cab versions, too, that that, uh, they
they made it a point to show you that
they have two two versions. They're not
just going to release one semi. So,
that's pretty cool.
That that is
all right. So,
um so it seems like there was um you
know there's been this whole uh there's
sounds like there's a Cyber Cap launch
coming. I've been hearing it. Uh Tesla's
been teasing it. Um they essentially um
said that
um if you take rides all the way up
until tomorrow um there you know you
will be able to go to the cyber cab
launch and it sounds like I mean so
um you know so there was like actually a
couple of people who were like just
doing like hundreds of rides like in
minutes um
&gt;&gt; so like flooding flooding the systems to
increase the odds but either way it
sounds like Only five of pe five five
people are going to be um are going to
win this. So, it's going to be super
exclusive.
&gt;&gt; So many people sent their snail mail,
too.
&gt;&gt; Crazy.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Um
&gt;&gt; the first time anyone's done a write in
application, write in entry for a
competition like this.
&gt;&gt; And it sounds like too that there was
kind of a shift. There was like, you
know, they they said that you had to
write in pen or, you know, you it wasn't
like typed up. So, I think some people
were like, and they changed that last
minute, too. So,
&gt;&gt; had to be handwritten. I know
&gt;&gt; because, you know, people could just AI
and send
&gt;&gt; you people are still going to AI and
just copy it, man.
&gt;&gt; It's just But yeah.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. It'll be fun to see the event. I'm
guessing the event's going to be in the
next two weeks. you know, they'll fly in
these five folks and I bet they'll be
picked up by a robo taxi and delivered
to the event during the event. So, maybe
there's more than five winners, but the
additional winners aren't picked up by
the robo taxis, they're just in the
audience. Um, but yeah, pretty soon
we're going to see employees riding
around in these and then probably a week
later the it will open up to the public.
You know, I I uh I rode in one of these
during the 1010 event and it's just it's
a whole it's a whole different
experience. You know, we heard from an
analyst this week that Elon said they
could be scaling up Model Y's to be used
uh for robo taxi, but they have
purposely not done that because they're
so confident in the cyber cab.
You know, a lot of us are a little bit
um you know, anxious about why scaling
isn't happening faster. And uh you know,
if a Model Y costs, let's say, 80% more
or 100% more to build than a cyber cab,
it's still incredibly cost-effective to
use as a as a robo taxi. You know, we're
seeing the the new WhimoHighs. I think
after tariffs and and hardware, they're
they're up a little over $100,000 per
unit. And those are still uh you know
that's still a good a good value to use
as a robo taxi. So a 35 $40,000 Model Y
isn't a isn't a bad thing either. But
yeah, I'm excited excited for the event.
I think we all want we all want this to
scale, you know, sooner rather than
later. So I think this is a good step in
the right direction. It's
&gt;&gt; taking too long, Matthew.
&gt;&gt; So if you if you uh so it sounds like
five winners will sounds like be, you
know, so do you think that they're going
to do both? It's going to be like or is
it kind of like going to be random kind
of like uh the Miami situation where
it's like hey unsupervised and then it's
like you had you know four or five
people out in that area. I mean or do
you think there's going to be like a
whole like kind of like kind of like
maybe it's a small group like the SNX
event that they had? I mean what do you
what do you guys think?
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; I mean I think I think it'll be uh
bigger. I don't think it'll be a limited
thing. I think that they're being
serious this time. If you notice, as
soon as they said, "Look, go out and get
your rides to get your entries in the
competition," nobody was facing
blackouts. Nobody was stuck saying
unusually high demand. Even though we
knew the demand was high, we could see
it on X. So, uh, I think it'll actually
go live. What do you What do you think?
&gt;&gt; I like that actually. I think you I
think you're on to something. Matthew,
what were you gonna say?
Yeah, I mean if there they they've had
kind of minor launches along the way
with with both Robo Taxi and Cyber Cab.
Um I don't I don't think this is going
to be like the the home delivery where
they just ran one and then never never
did it again. You know, I think this
will they'll actually be rolling them
out. The reason we know is just because
of production. You know, we see we see
hundreds of these being pumped out of
the factory. We see them being shipped
to different cities. you know, they
wouldn't be doing that if they didn't
think uh they could they could roll them
out imminently. So, they're they're the
confidence level must be pretty high um
on these vehicles.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. I mean, I've I've um like I know
that the experience uh even from 1010
obviously those were those were
prototypes, but I know that they've done
um just a lot of like a lot of great
work to just really create a a really
cool on like vibe and feeling when
you're in uh the actual like Cyber Cab
itself. especially, you know, just even
over the past couple months. Like I know
they're they're they're really trying to
make the whole experience just a vibe
that's different than like getting into
an Uber, getting into a Whimo, even a
Ze. It's just going to be something
that's a little bit different. And
again, too, you know, uh it's the
biggest screen, 21 in. The Cybertruck
only has 18. And so with the Starlink
integration, um you know, you will be
connected. You will have an amazing
sound system. You know, the the chairs
are amazing. I got to sit on them sit in
them this past week when I was at the
Gigafactory uh Texas uh tour. They they
bring you into the theater. You get to
sit there and you know it really is um a
whole experience. So um I'm I I have no
idea what this is going to look like
personally. Um I you know hopefully they
they do have a big event cuz I think for
me when you look at their product lineup
the cyber cab really is a new book or a
new huge like you know section or a
bunch of chapters a part of this book
because it really is you know this is
what this is ultimately what it what
it's all about. So,
all right, Joe, this one's to you, man.
&gt;&gt; Let's go.
So, people are ordering these things.
It's crazy, but uh 500 Tesla semis
ordered from Ellen. Is that
&gt;&gt; Yeah, something like that.
&gt;&gt; Amazon is a customer of Ellen Ride. So,
so you're going to start seeing uh a lot
of these uh Amazon Tesla semis 500 is
not a small thing. That's uh that's
that's pretty that that's like that when
for a company like Amazon, that's like
them saying like, "Yeah, we we're going
to dip our toe in and buy a buttload."
So, that's pretty cool.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. So, I think this deal um it is um
I think Ellen Ride is actually a Swedish
company, but either way, it sounds like
they have a hund like a ton of routes
here in North America and Amazon is one
of their customers. So, um again, these
routes are very predictable. They're the
same over and over and over again. And
so, this is the largest deal yet that
Tesla has received for the semi. And
like I said, this is just a I think it's
just the start. Um, again, obviously I
don't know where they are from a
production standpoint. We know that
they're producing them. Um, but
hopefully things like this like I would
love to know like, you know, how long
it'll take. And I think some the article
potentially mentions some of that. Um, I
wasn't sure if it was like over like an
18-month period, but either way, who
knows uh exactly what this deal looks
like. Amazon is a customer of Ellen
Ride, and again, this is just going to
be the start. Um, so it'll be really
cool to see again on these routes. We
know that Tesla's starting to build out
these mega mega chargers and so, you
know, that will be key to just really
create um a cool experience, but we also
know for pe for customers like this
there will be that transition.
Yeah. You know, I I was just going to
say, you know, this model of companies
like Amazon, what what they're doing is
they're they're paying per mile, right?
They're not purchasing vehicles. they're
paying per mile for delivery. Their
decision is going to be virtually
exclusively made on cost per mile and
reliability. They don't care how the
vehic gets to them. You know, think
about how when you order something from
Amazon, sometimes it's delivered by
flash, which is like their, you know,
gig worker delivery, like a Uber driver
essentially. Sometimes it's delivered by
USPS. So, they only care about getting a
product from A to B. They don't care how
it gets there. They want it to get there
as fast as possible, as reliable as
possible, and cost effective. Those are
the only things that will be used to
make a choice. Uh I wouldn't be
surprised if at some point a company
like Tesla is the fleet operator. You
know, why why are we selling to another
fleet operator to lease these out to
Amazon? Why don't why doesn't Tesla just
do it themselves and charge per mile? Um
you know, the only thing that can stop
the semi from being successful, there's
there's really two. one is if they can't
scale it and two if they can't set up
the charging infrastructure. Um you know
we know with the superchargers Tesla's
never had an issue scaling up charging.
Um we know with the Model Y and the
Model 3 they haven't had an issue
scaling up vehicle production. So I've
got, you know, we're finally at the
point where I have high confidence in
the semi um coming to market and
becoming becoming something you see on
the road every single day.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Yeah, you might not notice,
Matthew, but one of the good things
about Tesla is they can scale a product.
So, yeah, little little known fact,
&gt;&gt; never done that before.
&gt;&gt; Well, you know what they keep saying is
slowly at first and then eventually also
slowly, but it's getting there.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. I I'll also add, you know, I have
had um some of the people I'm connected
with on X will ask me about different
investments in EV companies. So, they've
asked me about this company. I haven't
invested yet. You know, they went public
via spa. Um I think last year they're
they're trading around half the value of
when they went public. They're at like5
$6 a share. Um it's not a it's something
I'm looking at. I may I may start a
position at some stage. They are still
losing, you know, quite a bit of money.
Um so I'll need to research it a bit
more, but I may I may make a small
investment in the company.
Yeah,
&gt;&gt; they're going to spend a lot buying
these semiis, so it's
&gt;&gt; that makes sense.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Well,
&gt;&gt; yeah, especially too, you know,
thankfully they have Amazon as a
customer who So, how who knows how much
of the load they're handling, but um
either way, you know, it's it's a it's
it's good signal for uh for the semi and
hopefully, you know, they'll start to
see more orders. And I think a lot of
these companies probably cuz you can't
just change over your whole fleet
overnight per se, but it'll be
interesting to see, you know, you know,
these orders coming in and then seeing
the fleet, like I said, unfort, you
know, I will say the truck industry, as
we know, it's a a very predictable
market and, you know, it's going to take
time to change it over, right? So, it's
going to be one of those things where I
know Tesla's been going hard and going
to a lot of these trucking um you know
um what is it? Um what did you just get
back from MDR? Um
uh conferences. Oh my gosh. So, they've
been going to all these conferences. I
mean, we've seen people like Kyle Connor
going to out them, you know, Dan
Priestley's literally at all of them
&gt;&gt; and they're showcasing because that
industry is going to take a minute
&gt;&gt; to to change. And so, um, I think it's
one of those things where as they start,
you know, doing proof of concept, real
world with other companies that can
showcase what they're doing, um, that's
when I think you'll continue to start to
see that. And again, they have a lot of
real world data because, again, they do
it, um, they're doing tens of thousands
of miles a week probably in these semis
here just in California alone, if not
more.
All right. So Joe, you did the last one.
So um or did you want to did you want to
handle this one, Ma? Matthew?
&gt;&gt; Um sure. Yeah. So we we've heard, you
know, Tesla's received uh approval for
its full autonomous vehicle network uh
permit in in Nevada. So you know,
initially they had applied for 5,000
vehicles and I think they they had like
a dozen or so uh approved. So now the
the full approval um for the 5,000
vehicles has happened. So that's uh
that's great news. You know, we know
Tesla's obviously very invested um in
Vegas with the with the their Model Y's
running in the Vegas loop. And so now
we'll see the cyber cabs there. Um you
know, I don't I don't think anyone is is
opposed to to these vehicles. You know,
I I work in the conference industry. I
just came back from a a conference for
large trade show planners. And one of,
you know, I'm watching all these
sessions and one of the one of the, you
know, trade show planners was saying,
uh, people said after their their last
trade show that they had in Vegas, two
of the highlights were people using the
the loop. Like that was a highlight, the
transportation. People were talking
about how cool the transportation was
and also the the the Zeer um or the Zuks
uh you know, the Amazon Zuks robo taxis.
People were just talking about that. So,
you know, this is a large trade show
that is spending probably well over a
million dollars on entertainment on
entertaining these people that are
coming into Vegas. And two of the
highlights are the the Zuks and the the
Model Y that they got to ride it. So, it
really it really makes the experience of
of something um of something that people
remember, especially international
travelers. You know, it it could be a
very long time for these international
travelers to get robo taxis in their
market. So, it's a great showcase for
the company. uh within Vegas.
&gt;&gt; So, just to be clear, you went to a
conference conference.
&gt;&gt; I go to a lot of conference conferences.
People in the events industry love to go
to events.
So, there's event industry events every
every week there's one. It's crazy.
&gt;&gt; That is wild. the the uh the cool thing
with me and John we were at a we were at
a conference too and and it is you can
see where this is going to be a huge uh
benefit especially like in Vegas like
you're saying like events are a big
business there of course but we we had
to wait like uh 20 minutes for one so
imagine like these just being flooded
out there and and uh and you're talking
like thousands and millions of people
and rides and it's going to be that
that's that's going to be awesome
because it I would love to have, you
know, them just on a constant rotation
and not even having to worry about it
because everybody's going to want to
film and do stuff and
&gt;&gt; Yeah. And I think it's up it's they can
deploy up to 5,000 and obviously I think
there's a ramp to that at least from
some of the headlines. Uh but the
biggest thing is is just that, you know,
we need more and more cities lit up uh
that can do cyber cab unsupervised
um or really just unsupervised in
general right now uh because they're
building these right now and um and they
need to you know turn them on, right? I
mean otherwise it's just like at some
point maybe you slow down the ramp if
you can't turn them on. But um you know
at the end of the day it's we need more
companies that will um that will do
unsupervised writing as well testing so
that we can just you know again get more
cities um you know dealing with multiple
companies versus like versus just you
know Tesla doing all the work. But again
you know a lot of these other companies
h have been out there doing doing the
work. So, it's allowing Tesla to kind of
come in, especially in some of these
cities, and uh get a permit that's
already been pulled, you know, for a
city like Vegas, for example. Um, but
yeah, like I said, it'll be, in my
opinion, it'll be really interesting
because if you think about this,
&gt;&gt; there's, you know, in Vegas, you have
the Vegas Loop, which is the Boring
Company, and those are Teslas that are
literally riding and giving um tens of
thousands of rides um, you know, during
a week uh for in Teslas. So, I think
there there will come a time where um
they're even doing the FSD supervised
rides through the boring tunnel. So, at
that point, you're going to literally
have Teslas, you know, above the ground
that are unsupervised and then below
ground that are unsupervised. That's
going to be a super cool story uh to
tell. It's like, hey, whether you're
above or below, you can you can grab
grab a Tesla and and be unsupervised.
So, um I'm I'm personally really
excited. Uh again, Vegas is is it should
I I I I don't know why they held back so
long, but Vegas has been a place where
there's so many uh unsupervised
companies there right now. Um and so I'm
just like, you know, I Joe and I were
talking about this. It's like, where's
Tesla? Like,
&gt;&gt; well, that and Arizona, too, right? It's
like,
&gt;&gt; yeah, exactly.
&gt;&gt; What's going on? Like, but you you know,
you know what's funny? I uh
Facebook is on another planet. So
there's a there's a there's a group I'm
in and this is an this is an all EV
group and someone posted a cyber cab.
This is like down south like I think it
was like Georgia or somewhere and they
were like does anybody know what this
is? I was like what is happening? It
looks like it looks like Tesla
Cybertruck had a baby with something. I
was like I was like, "Wow, this
&gt;&gt; it did."
Uh, I want to give a big shout out to
all the haters who saw that the Vegas
approval was at like five or 10 cyber
caps and we're like, "Haha, told you it
would never work." And one of us said,
"Wait five seconds before you do your
victory lap." Nope. They're off to the
races. And here we are. 5,000 approved.
We told you it was going to happen. We
tell you this every time. Uh, move the
goalpost further on the next one. Maybe
you'll have at least a few days before
looking like an idiot.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Um
All right. Uh Matthew, I'm going to pass
this one to you, man.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Some more wireless charging news.
Um you know, Tesla Tesla acquired W
Furion, the the German wireless EV
charging company, um what three years
ago now, and we've seen trickles of
information uh since then. So recently
they had some p patents published. Uh
these were filed um a couple years ago,
but one of them is to detect objects
that get hot on top of the mat. So think
of like a cat or a dog or something, you
know, sitting on the mat between the
charging mat and the car. So this will
will detect that and and cut off power
to, you know, keep your pet safe or
other other objects and things that
might have blown or gone over the the
pad. Um and then the other one is um
manufacturing patents. So essentially
these pads can be used for either 400vt
or 800volt battery. So think of a um you
know a model y or um a cyber truck or
something like that. Uh so they could be
used for both. We're also seeing in in
Austin there's been um an application to
build a a robo taxi kind of depot and
that depot will have I think it's
something like 80 wireless charging pads
which is uh you know pretty large
number. So there there's huge value in
wireless for fleets. Um if you think
about taxi depots, like if you've ever
been to Manhattan, they have these huge
parking lots full of taxis. And in the
off peak times, the these parking lots
are are the cars are parked like nose,
you know, butt to nose the whole way
across and you can barely open the doors
because they fill in as many vehicles as
they can. um you know during that time.
The cool thing about these wireless
charging is you could you could park the
vehicles as close to each other as you
want and they can all charge um while
they're just sitting there overnight or
during the off peak times. And this is
so much more efficient than cables one
because obviously you don't have to pay
somebody to to walk and plug in the car
and unplug it. But think of how long and
how many cables you would need. you you
know you you need to have like charging
posts all over the lot or you would need
to have really long cables. We know it's
you know not very um safe to have cables
longer than like 50 feet or something
like that. So this allows you to to
blanket kind of an entire parking lot in
pads and the cars can you know park
themselves they detect where they're
parking. They park right over the the
the charging spot. So I can't wait to
see this um being used for cyber cabs
and hopefully coming to the consumer
vehicles. You know, we saw when the
Cybert truck was released, it had the it
was equipped where wireless charging
could be added. So, about the first I
think it was 40 or 50,000 Cybert trucks
had that um that equip that capability
for you to add wireless charging. The
the current versions do not. Uh so,
we'll see if this comes back to the
consumer vehicles.
&gt;&gt; We're going to get a wireless charging
pad. Well, I think also too, you know,
when you see uh, you know, obviously
like that Idaho shooting at the
In-N-Out, which uh obviously was very
sad, it really showcases, you know, uh,
a gap in what the Tesla design right
now. Um,
&gt;&gt; and uh, which is, you know, Tesla does
need to find a way to protect its
owners. And so, you know, whether you
use an EVJ or something that is built in
where you can, you know, you hit the
brake and you can go, it doesn't break
the, you know, the Tesla um, you know,
actual like Knack um, charger. Uh,
whatever that is, they need to figure
out a solution. Um obviously there's
great solutions like EVJ but mobile
wireless charging will be an absolute
game changer for that where it's like
hey you just need to go you go it's it's
done again I don't know exactly how
it'll work if you'll cuz like right now
if you um remove the the charge port you
have to hit click unlock charge port. So
when you're charging, I don't know
exactly can you just go drive and go or
you need to say stop charging. But no
matter what um you know it's just one of
those things where pe I just see this as
a big um a big win. Um not only for
safety but also for efficiency. And I
think like I said I think it was I mean
this is a stat a couple of years ago but
I think they made some stat about you
know they'll be able to charge up to
close to as fast if not similar rates.
um as like actually hooking in the
cable. So um you know, we'll have to
see, you know, what they what they can
actually, you know, produce, but more to
come. Um and you know, who knows when
they'll release. This is also something
we haven't heard much about, but you
know, you're seeing these come out, so
you know that you
know, they're working on it.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Tesla and Tesla's always iterating
and reiterating, and so you know, this
is like a couple years ago. This is old.
So, it's definitely going to get better.
&gt;&gt; Definitely. All right, Joe,
tell us who's sleeping.
&gt;&gt; Everyone Everyone is sleeping. Get to
No, I'm just kidding. Okay, so yeah,
this is this was pretty interesting. I I
uh I thought when uh well, Jeff had Jeff
had put this out and in and Herbert and
and did a thing on it and I think uh
even Brian was in on this too. So, we'll
get your take here in a little bit, but
institutional investors, they're uh
they're losing losing shares to
I mean, institutional investors are
taking shares from retail investors
because I it looks looks like everybody
was trying to get in on the SpaceX
thing, which is like kind of weird
because the future, right? But Brian,
&gt;&gt; I'm not sure how Jeff got to 16%. I
haven't seen numbers like that. Maybe
he's backing Elon's shares out of the
equation or putting them on the
institutional side. I'm not sure. But,
uh, any way you slice it, the percentage
of shareholders that are retail versus
institutional has shifted dramatically.
Alexandra and I talked about this maybe
two years ago. I said, "Where are the
institutionals?" And she said, "They
will come. They always do. They will get
there. It's just sometimes it takes them
longer. They've seen the products.
They've got the conviction and every
time the price dips, it's be it's
frequently an opportunity for the
institutionals to step in and get an
even bigger slice. The beauty there is
they're going to be a lot less
emotional. They're I mean I guess that's
a double-edged sword. means they're not
going to sell because the winds shifted
slightly. But it means if the outlook
genuinely degrades, they will sell in a
heartbeat because, you know, all that
matters is the fundamentals. And we're
actually the age of execution being
critical if you want to keep your values
up.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. I I think overall, you know, if
you if you've been holding Tesla for the
last five years, it's been a little bit
of a rough a rough stock to hold. you
know, every other major tech company has
uh at least doubled and and Tesla's up
what 50%. So, it's it's doing le
performing worse than the S&amp;P 500. So,
you you know, retail investors in Tesla
have proven to have a lot of um a lot of
patience, but that, you know, that
doesn't last forever. And there's people
who maybe invested in Tesla 10 years
ago, uh and they're coming close to
retirement age, and they need to they
need to cash out. So um the the Tesla
story is becoming more predictable now.
So in it's not surprising institutional
investors are increasing their stakes. I
guess it is a little surprising that
that retail are uh not as patient as
maybe maybe they used to be.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, it's it's uh it's also just a sign
of the you know how the company has been
maturing. Um,
uh, Ron Baron, uh, sorry, I must have
clicked on, but, um, Ron Baron had also
said like, you know, if you want a stock
for your kids, SpaceX could be is a
great stock for that. Again, that was
him saying that um you know, again, it's
there's a lot of that SpaceX really when
you think about it from like what where
how much more growth they can have in
the internet uh provider space, you
know, wireless the network, there's a
huge like clip up, right? And with
Tesla, it's the same thing, especially
once
that Optimus comes. But yeah, it's been
a long five years where the stock has
kind of been a little a little stale.
And I think that it depends, you know,
um on where your mindset is as well. So
that's why I think it's always good to,
you know, um I think continue to
research. I mean MDR you could go on for
days about this but like you know that's
why like I bought some SpaceX stock
right to you know to split and I own as
well you know several other companies
still heavily Tesla but it's important
to you know just diversify because like
I said it's been yeah it's been still
like we're I'm still waiting for the
rocket ship you know what I mean so and
it'll happen um I do think that there
will be um there's going to be some
continue to be big moves with this
company with the cyber cab and the robot
and full, you know, autonomy and then
the energy business and then you still
got the semi. So, it's just like there's
a lot a lot out there. Um, and uh yeah,
but just also a part of maturing as a
company as well.
All right, Joe, you want to take this
one?
&gt;&gt; Yeah, this is pretty cool. I'll let uh
I'll let Matthew take it, but I I will
say real quick that um like I like I
just got back from from LA and watching
like FSD avoid like road debris on in
the in the cybert truck, it's it's
pretty incredible. And and the person
that was uh that was in the driver's
seat navigating u my truck while I was
resting was like he has a model 3 an
older Model 3 which only has you know I
think advanced autopilot or enhanced
autopilot back that's how old that
vehicle is but he was just like I can't
do any of this is crazy this is wild and
and he was just really impressed. So
Matthew
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Yeah. So, the video I posted, this
is this is a a thing that proves humans
really need eyes in the back of their
head. So, a Tesla was was slowing down.
All the traffic was slowing down and the
vehicle was running FSD and determined
that the the BMW behind it was not going
to stop in time. So, the the Tesla moved
out of its lane into the shoulder. the
BMW went straight past it and plowed
into the car that was on front of the
Tesla, which is I mean it's it's
unbelievable that that accident the the
odds of a human noticing that a car is
about to rear end them that quickly is
is so low. You know, if they did see it,
sure, they could have probably gotten
out of the way, but are you you know,
how often are you looking in your
rearview mirror when you're on the
freeway? you know, maybe once every five
seconds or 10 seconds where while this
is looking at it constantly. Um, you
know, you're 99% of the time an
extremely skilled driver is not going to
be able to avoid this collision because
they're not going to be they're not
going to be looking behind them. Um, so
it just it it's you know, imagine
imagine how you feel if you were I think
it was a Hyundai in front of that car
that got plowed into in your dumb car
and you see a a Tesla, you know, dive
out of the way. Um, so you know, this is
obviously great for safety, but it's
also good for insurance. You know, over
time it's going to be harder and harder
for Teslas to uh be victims of
collisions that are other vehicles
faults because they're going to they're
going to get out of the way. Um, you
know, a lot of the time if you know
people who have been in multiple car
accidents, even if the accidents weren't
their fault, they still, you know,
possibly could have avoided those
accidents. Um, you know, there's very
few people that have made it their whole
life without getting into any accident.
even even when it wasn't their fault.
So, um I just a friend just sent me
another video that I I'll probably post
today, but it's a it's kind of a sad
video. There's it's a the Cybertruck is
driving down the road and it's dark and
a man jumped out in front of the car
like as if he was trying to be hit by
the car and and the Cybertruck moved out
of the way before the driver even knew
like even noticed someone had jumped on
front of it. So, um I've said this
before, but I I only put my family in a
Tesla when I travel. I I'll only rent a
Tesla if I've got my my kids in it cuz I
I want them to be safe.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. And the other video was uh was
actual Jeff lets a a car veered around
and ended up doing like a 360 uh facing
towards him in his vehicle. And uh so he
he he was sending the praises too of of
FSD. Pretty uh pretty wild.
Wamp wamp wamp. Uh, so I was on mute
there, but yeah, struggling German
sports car maker Porsche plans to end
production of the Tyan, its flagship
fully electric model by 2023 after uh
steadily dwindling sales. Yeah, it's
because
&gt;&gt; first of all, this Porsche
uh second Yeah, this is
&gt;&gt; it's like saying it's like Tesla versus
Tesla.
Yeah. Now, this this is inevitable. I I
think um I I I don't like to see stories
like this. I'll tell you why. Because
for one, Tesla can't do it all by
themselves. You you need other players
in the room, right? The second thing is
it's like people love to talk trash
about Tesla, but then they're not buying
anything else. And then these companies
are not going to invest into the into
the tech and into that future because
they don't see any ROI on it. And it's
just going to it's going to keep
happening if the people are going to
keep like taking away models that that
uh some I know people who have tyons and
they love them. You know, I mean the the
Audi GT I think is uh better in in the
design. So, but uh but still it's like
it's one of those things. just like,
man, if you guys aren't buying these
vehicles, then the the OEMs aren't going
to support it, and how can they if if
they don't see an ROI on it. So, it's
it's unfortunate, but it's it is what it
is.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. I mean, I think that, you know,
the TCON was, you know, a a very good
vehicle uh when it came out, but now
they have the the Macan and the Cayenne
EVs, which are, you know, they're modern
modern vehicles. In general, people
prefer SUVs over sedans. So, you know,
it was inevitable that the large sedan
would be cancelled. I mean, kind of the
same same reason why the Model S was
canceled. It's just people want a Model
Y. It's it's a better fit for most
buyers. So, um I you know, Por Porsche
and Volkswagen Group in general will
have to keep building EVs. Um you know,
they the the Cayenne and the Macan are
they're really good cars. They're nice
cars, but they cost about double what
the equivalent Tesla cost, so they're
never going to sell them in in large
quantities. Um, you know, I I never
thought these big luxury high-priced EVs
would be super successful. You know,
when the when the Ferrari Luche came
out, I think that we were all pretty
pretty negative on the car, but it turns
out they're actually getting they're not
building a lot of them, and they're
getting a lot of orders, or not
necessarily a lot, but they're getting
enough orders to justify the volumes
they're going to build. So, yeah, we'll
see what happens with this.
&gt;&gt; And I think I think they sold out.
&gt;&gt; They sold out. The luch gu is sold out.
And I saw on an auction site, I think
it's 40 million that VIN number one just
sold for. And I see that I think,
&gt;&gt; wow, that's that's baddy bonkers
nonsense.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, that's Ferrari collectors. you
know, you see early early Tesla
Roadsters are only going, you know, the
really nice ones are going for 100
150,000.
&gt;&gt; Um, which is kind of kind of wild that
they're they're essentially
selling for original MSRP and they're
not selling for 10 times that amount.
&gt;&gt; Yeah,
&gt;&gt; they are fickle though. Well, they're
fickle and they're still expensive to
maintain and they're, you know, it's the
styling is beautiful. It is aged
gracefully. The mechanicals not as much.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, I would agree with that. And I
think if you look at um you know the VW
president who was eventually let go when
he was just giving signal, hey, we need
to make this transition.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, we need to make this transition.
And everyone laughed him and eventually
they pushed him out. and look at where
they are now. So, I I think it's one of
those things like I personally like I
yes I do I want to see EVs win, but you
got to I do you got to put out a great
product at the end of the day, right?
It's you got to put out something
compelling enough to continue to get
people over from gas cars cuz that's
still a thing, right? It's it's the easy
comfort and I think, you know, Tesla has
done that. They've beaten all the odds.
Now, the Tyken, like I said, you get in
into it, it's button phobia, right? is
just like, you know, and the and the car
hasn't gotten a facelift since the day,
you know, it came. And again, I think
it's just one of those things where it
took them forever to adopt Knack as
well. Um, so a lot of the people, the
early buyers had the experience on
Electrify America and some of these
other third party. It's just it was a
horrible experience, right? Like if you
think of EV EV owners today versus even
3 years ago that it's a night and day
experience because Tesla has allowed for
these cars to charge on their network.
If if there was not that integration and
Tesla could have like in some ways Tesla
could have choked the whole um EV market
by not allowing for them to adopt and
get into their network. Um, but they've
allowed that and that's the only reason
the the EV experience is okay in another
car than a Tesla, right? It's just
because you you get to charge.
Otherwise, it's still really is just a
kind of a subpar experience, right? Um,
and so I'm not surprised by this. It was
a clunker um, you know, for my opinion.
So, um, but you know, and they saw the
writing on the wall, but hey, they
wanted to shut down the the person who
was calling it down, calling it out. So,
no surprise.
All right. So, no surprise here. Uh, we
always talk about Tesla making the most
Americanmade cars. Um, but for the first
time, seven models earned spots in the
top 10 2026
uh KOD um made in America auto index,
which is just crazy
um you know to think. So out of the the
top 10,
seven of them are Teslas.
So um you know, and this and this from a
company that famously doesn't have any
brands. What a failure they are. Uh I
had a guy tell me just today, this is
the the lack of models is why Tesla
failed. And I said, well, first of all,
Tesla didn't fail. Succeeded and
famously famously have done it with just
a couple models. That's been the plan
since day one. So this
Americanmade index, it is shocking to me
people who do not know how where their
cars are made. I would use that as a
hook at the uh Fourth of July festival
where we had an info booth. I would just
walk out in the crowd and grab somebody
and go, "What's the most Americanmade
car?" And I don't think anyone guessed
it. I had a lot of, you know, Fords and
Cadillac guesses. Um, I had some guy who
was like, "Oh, I know this. It's Honda."
Oh, it probably was at some point 10
years ago. At least you're on the right
track.
They're Yeah, they're And in China,
they're the most Chinese cars. And in
Germany, they're the most German cars.
It's just how they do it. And the real
beauty is if you've got a parts issue
from one supplier in one continent,
shift to a different continent, you'll
have the parts by Tuesday.
&gt;&gt; Facts.
But yeah, Teslas make the most
Americanmade cars. All right, Joe V2L,
man. Vehicle to load. Tesla added
vehicle to load to all models. Why
premiums? So, that's the uh that's the
thing there. Tesla's officially launched
vehicle to load capability for all Model
Y premiums in the US. Uh, this means you
can now use your vehicle's battery and
the Tesla outlet adapter to power other
devices, appliances, including uh, space
heaters, which is a big one, power
tools.
Uh, it's pretty cool. The um, it's a $80
outlet adapter, and it's it's pretty
cool how how uh how they did it, but the
outlet uh adapter specs are 120 volts,
20 amps, 2.4 24 max power speed gen 3
mobile connector required. Pretty cool.
Model watt premium
can charge some devices. Facts.
All right. Rivian has entered the
pointtooint again. Um so it sounds like
uh Rivian had a new blog post and they
said like hey we're going to really
pointto-point um assisted driving later
this year with widespread roll out in
2027. Like I said, um I I I have not I
know they did some tests uh a while
back, a couple months. I know Josh West
and Bearded Tesla came through uh which
is cool, but like I said, until I see
other owners that I know driving them or
seeing them actual like releasing these,
this still is beta to me, right? And and
so for me, it's it's one of those things
where I think I've I've told uh I've
mentioned on this podcast that's where
in my opinion, the R2 great car from
what I've heard. I have not driven it. I
have been in one. Um it's just one of
those things where they may actually be
a little bit late. We'll see if they can
because again they're still losing money
on their cars. And so if they are not
able to again make something that
compelling they need pointtooint because
again that's still going to be why
people will buy a Model Y over an R2.
It's because again R2 might be it's kind
of like a Subaru adventure car, right?
It's it's that's kind of the way it's
seen. It it it does look good but it's
going to be one of those things where
people are buying Teslas. We're at that
inflection point now where, you know,
55% 56% attach rate. People are buying
these cars because of the FSD. So, or
they're buying them and then when they
do the long road trips or they need it
that month, they'll turn it on. So, um
but yeah, hoping hoping for them to to
move forward um you know, and and get
these things on the road. Well, they're
going to go wide release in 2027. So, I
can uh I can tell you somewhere right
now Gary Black is feeling vindicated six
years later on calling us.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Shout out to
&gt;&gt; It's really Yeah, it's really
frustrating. I have I've heard the
Rivian claims they reiterated them. We
had an event at the Rivian showroom
recently and the salespeople were
fielding a lot of questions from people
who know EVs who were saying I want FSD.
What do you got? And he kept saying to
all of them end of this year pointto
point I don't buy it. The gap between
getting what we started with, which was
autopilot, to a reasonable degree of
reasonably safe FSD, was not just years,
but billions of training miles and a
absolute mountain of compute. They don't
have the compute. They don't have the
data. They can say they have the best
engineers in the business, but literally
every company says that. I'm calling
shenanigans on the idea of pointto-oint
by the end of this year, even
internally. I mean, unless it's
internally like Elon's internal beta
where he's got a build that no one else
has and no one else will because it's
too dangerous. Uh but yeah, I don't
know, man. It it really frustrates me.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Sorry about that transition there.
Uh I was getting caught. But what I will
say is that when I talked to Josh um
when he was kind of giving his firsthand
experience of going they're using LAR as
a way to kind of help speed up you know
uh their pace because they know that
they will not be able to compete with
Tesla. But like I said even if they do
even if that helped which we know
doesn't that's not true. You can do it
with pure vision. It's happening in five
cities across America. two different
states uh with pure vision. Um you know
so we we know it's happening. Um but
you can't just you know like even if
you're doing beta you need miles and so
even if their their employees are doing
it you know they need to have some type
of beta release and it still takes
forever. I mean, I remember getting into
my first um FSD beta ride in literally
October of 2020.
Look at how long it's taken them, you
know, to come. So, this is in my
opinion, I I I will I completely agree
with Brian. Um I think this is just
talking the talk to get the stock to,
you know, stay level. And uh you know,
we'll see. Like I said, prove me wrong.
Um, but I've I've learned, you know, the
test of time now. You know, just wait
and see. Let the results speak. Elon is
always late, but he always delivers in
the end. And and we are at that point
now where, you know, Tesla is truly
pointtooint. Sometimes you'll disengage
cuz, you know, it'll park in the wrong
spot, but it's like 99.8%
of the driving is happening by the car.
And um and you can be in Montana, you
can be in Florida, you can be in Idaho
and California and Washington. Um and
it's doing all the work.
So there was this again more more com
this just broke this morning. Looks like
there's uh Tesla's largest recall of
nearly 3 million vehicles. Um, I will
say it looks like um Chinese regulators
um and it sounds like it's actually not
just them. There's other car companies,
so it's not just Tesla, but Chinese reg
regulators on Friday ordered Tesla to
fix nearly 3 million vehicles amid
concerns about emergency door releases,
marking the largest um automotive recall
in the market um and Tesla's uh such act
um such action to date. So, we'll see
more as we get more information, but you
know, um this is one of those probably
not a software update recalls, but um
all right,
&gt;&gt; they could color the handle like they
already have it. It's already there.
&gt;&gt; You never never know.
&gt;&gt; Sorry, Brian.
&gt;&gt; The only thing I can think of is they
could color the handle. I I will say you
in an emergency it's you shouldn't have
to think to exit a vehicle. I you know I
had something happen to me. I had a one
of the early Fisker um Fisker cars back
in you know 2013 I think it was. And you
know the car was full of bugs so it had
issues but the battery died and I was
inside the car with the key and I could
not unlock it. And it had a similar
release to the older Teslas where you
had to like remove kind of the the door
pocket cover and then pop open a little
thing and pull a cable. But there was
no, you know, no signage, no no colors,
no arrows, like nothing. I had to look
it up um online. And you know, this was
I at least had an iPhone, but a lot of
people, you know, back then didn't
didn't have the internet on their phone.
And it, you know, it did take me, you
know, several minutes to find it. and I
did not feel good. And if you're in a
crash and your car catches on fire or
something, that's you can't have people
uh worrying about how to exit the
vehicle. So, I so I understand uh where
where they're coming from. And obviously
Tesla's made the changes in the newer
car where you just have the that easy
release.
&gt;&gt; All right. Well, we're going to end with
this. Um it seems and again I will say
that Tesla has not confirmed but when
you go to Tesla en Tesla.com's click on
energy the solar roof is officially
gone. So, um I'm not surprised. I only
know how many much volume but they are
now obviously as we know earlier at
Solarama they announced their own u
panels like they're essentially
assembling all of them here in America
and all this other stuff versus I think
um they were using and I didn't actually
know that they were you know they're
using um some other company for a lot of
it but now you know they are starting to
build their own panels and obviously
assem assemble them so um it is one of
those things where um you know change is
happening but hopefully they can um I
know the energy business again they do
massive volume and so um you know end of
an era it was a cool you know shout out
to the people who did it to their roses
the the roofs look stunning but it is a
legacy product like the SNX now
&gt;&gt; yeah it's sad to see you know I have a a
friend who had this the solar roof on
two of his houses and he just he just
loved it So, I wouldn't shock me if uh
if if they come out with a new version
in a couple years, you know, hopefully
hopefully they do because it is such an
amazing product, but obviously they had
production issues and installation
issues. So, we'll see. We'll see how
that changes.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, that that third party installation
was a horror for for the people I know
who got it. It was just a pain. But,
yeah, it was expensive, too. But if
you're getting a new roof, you you want
it's made sense.
&gt;&gt; Well, with that said, another uh beat
under our belts. Uh Brian, thanks for
joining us. I know uh well, it doesn't
seem too late. It's 9:00 p.m. there. Um
but we we appreciate you joining us
today uh from Nepal. Um and
&gt;&gt; yeah, absolutely.
Yeah,
&gt;&gt; people celebrating. Um, it's it's
holiday over there now. I'm joking. Um,
so, but with that said, make sure you
patronize everyone um, you know, on this
on this channel. Um, MDR, uh, Futurazza
and Cybercap coming Joe. And, um, again,
we will see you guys all next week. And
have a great week. Take
&gt;&gt; care.