Channel:     brighterwithherbert
Title:       Tesla Executive Extremely Confident About Robotaxi
URL:         https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fhpkc7RAm38
Published:   2026-06-05 13:30 UTC
Fetched:     2026-06-05 14:00 UTC

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Tesla vice president of AI Ashok
Kaliswami is very confident about Tesla
self-driving and robo taxi. In his
presentation, he showed FSE supervised
now approved in 11 countries and a list
of 13 more countries and the rest of
Europe where it's pending approval. And
while FSE is going global, Tesla just
announced they've expanded unsupervised
robo taxi to now be available in the
entire greater Austin area. The hiring
for robo taxi and the infrastructure
they keep building all point to mass
scaling, but the big question is still
when? When will this all happen? We got
the bulls here with us today. We got the
power bull, the queen, Tesla boomer
mama, Alexandra Mertz. We got the
rational, also known as Mr. Incredible,
the executive Jeff Lutz. And we got the
botbull, the master forecaster, the
slayer of spreadsheets, Sir Basher.
Welcome everyone.
&gt;&gt; Hi Herbert.
&gt;&gt; Hi Herbert. Let's start with the I asked
uh you know the question this week is
just what are the three biggest most uh
discussed topics amongst Tesla investors
and there was three of them. So one is
robo taxi expansion SpaceX and Tesla and
competitors. So we'll cover each of
those in detail. Let's start off with a
robo taxi expansion. Uh this is the new
geoenced area in Austin where you can
now hail an unsupervised robo taxi.
Ashra Kawaswami himself announced it.
Unsupervised Robbo taxi now available in
the greater Austin area. We don't know
how many cars. It could just still be
handful but it is now something you
could hail unsupervised. No longer kept
to just a smaller part of it. It's the
entire Austin metro area. Jesse Richard
was the first to find out about this. uh
he started to just test it to see how
far it can go. It turned out to be the
whole area assern how important is this
development
the company and the product I don't look
at the quarterly stock movement
&gt;&gt; a very realistic bull questioning
certain decisions
&gt;&gt; the rational bull enjoy listening to
bears looking for the red flags you're
supposed to react the longerterm
opportunity for Tesla is like no other
company that I've ever seen
&gt;&gt; well it's another step. It kind of feels
like a baby step at this point, doesn't
it? Given that it's almost a year, if
this is any indication as to how quickly
they can scale up other cities, then
that's not encouraging. I don't believe
it is. Uh we all want to see larger
geofenced areas. We all want to see more
vehicles and we all want to see more
cities. It appears to me that they're
gearing up for that. We're seeing more
vehicles in other cities. We're
certainly seeing a hiring uh spree or or
lots of different hiring for lots of
different roles in many cities across
the country. Um and I think all that is
very encouraging and I think what has
been challenging for investors over the
last few months is just the pace of the
of the movement forward. And I think
we've all speculated as to what may be
causing the delay delays. Is it the
software? Is it the infrastructure? Is
it something else? Um and that's just
been difficult I think for Tesla
investors.
&gt;&gt; Thank you for that, CERN. And then
Jeeoff, you made a post and you're kind
of implying that you think that they
would increase the number of robo taxis
that are unsupervised like the number of
vehicles and that the robot taxi tracker
would be delayed or uh delay in tracking
it anyways. What did you mean by that?
&gt;&gt; Well, I mean you're going to expand the
service area. You don't want the other
metrics to decline because you're going
to be offering up to more people. So,
you think you would add more vehicles to
the mix and that's probably what they're
doing. And it looks like this app is a
bit laggy. And it's rightfully first
off, I think it's well made, but it
looks like it's it's lagging. It may be
lagging even more than it did when it
launched. So, we're just going to have
to keep our eyes open and almost
empirically try to understand what's
happening with wait times. Somebody was
asking like as long as they can keep the
weight times under 20 minutes. I'm like,
in an urban area, that's still way too
long. So they they've they've got to get
it down significantly and that would
mean more cars like hundreds of them. So
we know they have the capacity to
produce
hundreds of them. The question is is do
they feel comfortable enough? And for
me, when I see them expand that area and
we've we're coming off of this pause,
that tells me that they have a new
release in hand that they're really
confident in and that they've tested and
and now I think there's going to be
another wave of basically expansion in
in this service. So, we'll see what what
happens. We're seeing all the other
signs of all the other cities. We're
seeing the trailers of cars going out,
the testing that's happening. So, this
is to me, this like I was explaining
earlier in the week. This feels like
you're like in a supply chain, like
you're you're planning for the launch of
a product. And this is what you do. You
get all your materials together. You do
your testing. You get your operational
readiness. You're hiring people. And
this feels like this feels like a
launch, but instead of it being a pilot
in a factory, the factory are the roads.
And it feels like they're just building
up towards towards launch. And we'll
talk a little bit later in the show
about, you know, what this convergence
could be, but it feels like there's a
lot of different milestones inside of
Tesla that could have been revealed
earlier but weren't. So, we'll talk
about
&gt;&gt; that's a controversial topic. We'll
cover that. But just to be clear, this
is just an expansion of where
unsupervised royaxi goes. It does not
mean that every ride now is
unsupervised. It could still be some. Or
do you guys think that that is what that
means? That it will eventually be all
the rides will no longer be supervised.
&gt;&gt; I thought they took the cars, the
supervised um ones. I thought they're
only unsupervised, but I could be wrong.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, that's what I heard as well. But
it is drop by drop. Drip drip drip drip
drip, right? It's really you we're all
hoping for a flush for a big
announcement. Now the big announcement
actually was on May 28th. I don't know
whether you've addressed that if I was
in that cyber bull show um where they
got the permit for taxes right to um
operate
&gt;&gt; uh unsupervised. That is a big
announcement. We've always said there
are three things to to unsupervised.
It's the regulators. Well, that is done
now in Texas. It's the hardware, the
software, you know, the cars that is
ready or getting ready. And then it's
the whole infrastructure, cleaning,
picking up and on time, you know, all
the things that make a robo taxi service
a robo taxi service. And you know, as as
wonderful as it would be that this just
opens like a gate and everything is in
place at once, that's just not how it
happens. every little thing comes adds
to the puzzle and then at one point it
will be a complete puzzle and it is not
yet. It is not yet as frustrating as it
is now. Is it because Tesla is delaying
things or is it just because things take
time? We will discuss but it is
frustrating to watch how slow it goes.
&gt;&gt; Let me ask the three of you guys to
answer the question. Uh why is it so
slow? Right? Is it because I think you
said it if I read read what you're
saying there Jeeoff that it's FSD that
there is another version but the safety
data coming out in January, February,
March looking pretty good. I mean, we're
very happy with that data that's coming
out there. Is it infrastructure? We're
watching them build these three now
three massive 36,000 151,000 foot uh
facilities for car wash and charging
being built or approved in around Dallas
and Texas Austin or is it hiring or is
it some other reason like maybe
purposely deciding, hey, we don't want
to expand yet quite right now. What what
where do you guys go? Let's go down the
the list here. What do you think, Cern?
&gt;&gt; Um, yes to potentially all those.
&gt;&gt; Okay.
&gt;&gt; Um, the last one to me is a little bit
conspiracy theorious to me. I don't
think that Elon would intentionally do
that. He certainly has an incentive to,
so I I I will say that out loud. Do I
believe that Elon acts in that way? I
don't think so. Um, that said, you know,
some people feel that, you know, he's
got firm control of SpaceX. the control
that he has of Tesla is not as firm. And
so here perhaps is an opportunity to
firm that up. So it's a rational thing
for him to try to do that. So I wouldn't
necessarily blame him if if that's going
through his mind. But I I really don't
see him acting that way. I think there's
there's something that they're working
on with respect to robo taxi. And we've
we've discussed on this show before. We
speculated about, you know, the last few
feet and issues around parking and
picking up people and those kinds of
things. Mhm.
&gt;&gt; That takes a while to iron that stuff
out. That's not something that that gets
fixed overnight. Uh there's there's
development, there's testing, there's
there's, you know, going back to
development again and fixing problems.
That just takes time. So, I give them
some grace on all that. At the end of
the day, you know, is there's some
sandbagging going on? I I hope not. And
I don't think so. But again, I think we
should recognize that there's an
incentive to
&gt;&gt; and strangely enough, if I if I may add
to that, and strangely enough, on the
other side, Tesla, China supervised FSD,
I feel they're exaggerating because it's
not approved on the whole territory. Yet
for multiple times now, the Tesla
official account or shock, they do as
if, right? So I don't get it that in the
US it's such a I call it again puzzle
piece where no we don't have all the
pieces now no we don't have to be
patient we don't have all the pieces and
in China where we really don't have all
the pieces well there we are it's in the
list so I don't understand it does it
bother me no I mean what the heck that's
just you know you run a company there's
stuff happening but uh there is
something yes
&gt;&gt; yeah a couple weeks ago there there was
actually a testing that was caught on
camera where they saw these Model Y's
being tested with the with the chain on
a parking lot. They kept trying over and
over again to make sure it recognizes
it. And then a video just was shown
recently where on a you know how in a
highway sometimes they want to close one
lane, the left lane, and then they have
these weirdly enough these kind of like
thin,
you know, gates that are opened up and
the FSE didn't see it and hit it. These
are the edge cases that is still not
ready and they're still working on it
and maybe they they don't want to roll
this out and then have an issue like
that. They want to solve it before they
roll it out wide. But that's that just
happened a couple weeks ago where
they're testing it still. Jeeoff.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. No, those edge cases I I've had
one too with the railroad crossing bars
coming down. You know, these edge cases
have to be resolved because if you just
start multiplying the number of vehicles
out there, the numbers get pretty big
pretty quickly and you don't want, you
know, someone to have a bad experience
and you don't want to deal with the
warranty issues on your own vehicles.
You want it to be as clean as possible.
But these things are solvable. I
actually think uh Tesla a bit
underestimated
what was needed for the size of these
rollouts and I think as they they've
gone they're getting remember they're
starting from essentially zero they're
not an established service provider of
you know ride sharing so it's like oh
all of a sudden we get started oh oh my
god we need a service center oh maybe
they thought they were going to use the
existing service centers that they have
I'm not sure but I actually think all
these things are needed for a smooth
launch because everything about a ride
share service is about uptime and
utilization. And if you don't have the
ability to service the cars, if you
can't clean them efficiently, if you
can't do all these, if you can't charge
them as well, I I I what's going on with
wireless charging. So, I think there's a
lot of questions out there. So, I don't
think it's this massive
uh on the robo taxi side. I don't think
there's this sandbagging going on.
Actually, I think there's a lot of um
ancillary operational work that's needed
and it just takes time and I also think
that they're improving these edge cases.
So, I think two things can be true at
the same time that around operational
readiness and around solving uh for
these final edge cases.
But Tesla has a lot of uh dials or knobs
that they can do even post launch.
people don't realize. I mean, they they
have these different speed profiles for
a reason. So, as weather conditions
change or if there's some concern, if
there's some edge, they can always dial
down the speed and the aggressiveness of
these robo taxis and and greatly
uh reduce any probability, but these
these convenience issues are still
there. So, I think it's both. I think
two things can be true at once, and I
think they're still working through it,
but I actually think it's imminent. I
don't think you build up this much
inventory, put this much product in the
field. Like they have a they have an
internal gauge. They know what they need
to do. And I I don't think that they
would be filling up these lots with
vehicles if they didn't think that this
was imminent.
&gt;&gt; Okay. I want to come back to this big
discussion about is Tesla actually
delaying certain uh we'll go through
that and have a big discussion on that.
But before that let's finish off the
discussion on FSA and robo taxi and this
weekend this week Estonia approved FSE
supervised and then Ashok Swami was in
an interview or sort of a presentation
and he shared a number of really big
information but one of the most
important thing is that he is very
confident uh you know when he was
presenting his confidence about FSD and
robo taxi was very clear. So he showed
this slide sh saying this is where FSD
Tesla self-driving is approved. United
States, Canada, Mexico, Netherlands,
Estonia, Lithuania, Europe, China, South
Korea, Australia, New Zealand, Puerto
Rico of course and then in the yellow
those are pending regulatory approval
and it's incredible. So if you look at
the list, thank you Nick Cruz Betain. Um
currently pending approval would be
Japan, India, Israel, Bangladesh,
Thailand, Taiwan, Malaysia, Philippines,
Saudi Arabia, UAE, Ethiopia, Colombia,
Chile, all of Europe. Combined, 36% of
the world's population lives in these
places. FSE is going global. This is a
great list to finally see where it is
pending approval.
&gt;&gt; There's a couple of errors on that list,
Herbert. Oh,
&gt;&gt; uh, Bangladesh is not highlighted, nor
is the Philippines on Ashock's map.
&gt;&gt; Oh,
&gt;&gt; you looked at it that closely. Wow.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Um,
&gt;&gt; good job.
&gt;&gt; And but it is interesting to me that
you've got Ethiopia. Like, that's a
surprise to me.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; As far as I know, Tesla only operates in
Morocco and Africa, not Ethiopia.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; Um, but that's great.
um the first inroads in in Africa. That
would be wonderful. Uh Colombia and
Chile, that's fantastic as well. But
yeah, that's that's promising.
FSD
&gt;&gt; pending approval. Yeah, pending. We
don't know what that means.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, we don't know what stage that's
at. For example, I think they're
probably in advanced stages in places
like Israel.
&gt;&gt; Mhm.
&gt;&gt; Um we saw some information today about
Belgium. Apparently, they're waiting for
the homologation data from from the
Dutch authorities.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Very advanced. Yeah,
&gt;&gt; they're next. Um,
&gt;&gt; yeah, all of Europe is wrong because
obviously Netherlands and Estonia are
already approved. So, you can't really
say all of Europe, but uh,
&gt;&gt; no, pending pending approval would be
the rest of Europe, I guess. Yeah.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Not all. And then China is
obviously the big question. I mean,
maybe we all missed something, but I
didn't see a formal announcement of uh,
approval of supervised FSD in China.
&gt;&gt; No, that'd be a big deal. There was. and
my and my Chinese friends always tell me
that no it's not it's certain cities
certain regions but it's not a formal
yeah
&gt;&gt; country continues to always include it
including uh including um Ashok here he
said China
&gt;&gt; my response is to those that say it's
sunbagging well that's the country of
sandbagging
&gt;&gt; now if you look at the language though
it says supervised self-driving across
the world and it says China so it's
correct there's some supervised
self-driving in China it says shipped to
customers. So technically that's a
that's correct. It doesn't say approved
in China.
&gt;&gt; So you know if we parse the language
he's he's technically correct there.
&gt;&gt; Fine.
&gt;&gt; Wow. Look at you sern.
&gt;&gt; I'm all over this one. Give give me a
map and I'll study it for hours.
&gt;&gt; All right. What am I pointing at here?
Look at what is this one.
&gt;&gt; All right. Uh that's the part of
Antarctica, I think. Uh
going there. Yeah. I don't think that's
up for approval anytime soon. No, I
don't think so. Okay.
All right. Let's go to the big topic
then. Okay. I'm going to share with
folks here what I've been hearing from
some Tesla investors or some investors.
They are saying that look, something's
fishy. Something is really fishy. If you
look at what has happened, you've got
the robo the Roadster was supposed to
come out in January. Then it was
supposed to go out in April 1st. Now
nothing. We've not heard anything. Now
we're a way into June. Nothing. Why is
the Roadster demo been delayed? Why has
the Optimus demo been delayed?
Initially, that was going to come out in
December, then it was January, then it
became March or whatever it was. Then it
became, oh, we're not going to show it
until we are near production. All of a
sudden, in the last 3 months, they were
all set ready to do a big demo. I wanted
to dance. And then it became it's like,
oh no, uh I'm afraid of uh people
finding out if there's an issue. And I
think CERN, you've always said, well,
you're going to have it covered up
anyways. you're going to have it wearing
some sort of suit. So, you're not going
to see inside anyways. What's what
exactly are people going to copy from
you? And then if you the robo taxi
expansion, right, that was the big one.
Initially, they said they were going to
have six cities uh by the end of June.
By the way, here we are and we're still
in Dallas, Houston, and Austin. And then
California is still right, not not
actually Robo Taxi.
So there it seems to be a number of
maybe there's a few things here I might
have missed where there were promised to
be shown in the first quarter now it's
not the obvious answer could be well
SpaceX is going to go IPO on June SpaceX
is going to acquire Tesla they want to
keep Tesla stock down so Elon is
purposely sandbagging and then will this
show all of these happening later that's
the kind of thing I'm hearing from
others uh who wants to attack that first
and share what your opinion is.
&gt;&gt; You're on mute. Mute, Alexander.
&gt;&gt; Better if I'm not muted. Right. Um so my
my first take is the same that I
explained to Joe on Thursday morning. Um
I do believe in a merger of SpaceX and
Tesla at the same market cap. Meaning it
would give if SpaceX goes up the way
people anticipate it would give Tesla
stock a huge lift
and this lift has to be sustained for a
couple of months until our vote and then
until regulators approve it. At the same
time we have SpaceX the index inclusions
and at the same times we have a slow
rising float of SpaceX with the lockup
periods expiring in a staggered manner.
If this announcement happens like I
think somewhere between end of June and
middle of August we have until middle of
December
to have a lot of support of the SpaceX
stock. In my view, if my merger idea
comes true, again this is me
fantasizing,
um Tesla would immediately reach the
higher level and then move in lock step
with SpaceX. SpaceX would have some good
news because of this index buying which
is not only end of June, beginning of
July and then S&amp;P in December once we
have the S&amp;P confirmation but actually
at multiple points in there because
initially there's not enough float and
they have to rebalance those and so
those indices will keep on buying in
September down to December. They will
buy at at certain moments all the time
in those six months, not all the days,
but in at certain points in those six
months. So you have on the SpaceX side
good hope for goods trading
and a lot of demand. It's all about
demand and supply. If at the same time
you have in lock step Tesla and Tesla
now suddenly comes out with a lot of
good news, there will be days where
Tesla goes up and pulls up SpaceX and
then there will be days that SpaceX goes
up and pulls up Tesla. So I do believe
there could be game is a big big word
for it but there could be a movement of
good news on the both sides which is
actually very advantageous and helps
both stocks. So that could be the plan.
Maybe that's far-fetched, but that is my
theory.
&gt;&gt; Jeff or Cern,
&gt;&gt; it's uh it's almost
difficult for it to be a coincidence
that
a lot of these things are all moving
into the second the second half is
really going to be stacked if you think
about it. But it it just like some of
these things were just demos. Like they
they were just you didn't you even need
an audience. You can just broadcast a
demo of doing something like the
Roadster for example. So if you look at
these products, they they're the perfect
um representation of a combined entity.
And again, don't like pepper in the
comments. Oh, you want this merged? I
haven't seen a merger document. I don't
know what's in it. If it's bad, I won't
like it. If it's good, I'll like it.
Okay. But it's a lot of these things
that we're going to be demoed are the
combined representation of SpaceX and
Tesla. The Roadster is uh there's SpaceX
engineers working on the Roadster.
If you look at Optimus, the brain of
Optimus is SpaceX. Mhm.
&gt;&gt; If you if you look at Mega Block, the
Mega Block is going to Houston is
supposed to be unveiled and ribbon
cutting and starting production at the
second half of this year. That a lot of
that now is going towards data center.
It's going towards SpaceX as well. I
think the first one gigawatt megapac
cluster
uh was for SpaceX was for Colossus.
That's a big deal, by the way. So, you
have Mega Lock coming, you have Optimus
coming, you have Roadster coming, you
have all these things that are honestly
that show the the combined workings of
the two companies. So,
if anything, in a merger situation where
you would want to really uh emphasize
the value of Tesla, it would be these
ground b groundbreaking products. I know
the Roadster is going to be small
volume, but it's going to be
representative of extremely high tech.
Um, in the automobile world, the one
thing that, you know, nobody can really
do anything about unless they let the
weight times balloon would be just auto
sales. And we're seeing a dramatic
uptick. And it's not just uh, you know,
poor comps the last year. Some of this
stuff is organically much bigger. what's
happening in South Korea, Japan. I mean,
South Korea's 11,000 cars in a single
month. Um, so and and I think there's a
big driver around this in terms of the
price of oil. I also think the
retrenchment of other automakers in
Western Europe and in the US in EV is
helping. But you're seeing some big
numbers.
this and and that'll be reported by the
way in the third week of July. Third or
fourth week of July, we'll see the
report for this quarter. So you're going
to have convergence here in the second
Optimus supposed to ramp this summer.
Let's put it in that July to September
time frame. The Roadster reveal this Q2
probably a big number in terms of
vehicle sales and probably a big catchup
on the energy side as well given the
light Q1. you could have a a a
really strong convergence here happening
for Tesla. So, I don't know. This could
all be and then of course the roll out
of robo taxi
uh coming. I mean, this could all be a
giant coincidence, but maybe not.
Probably not.
&gt;&gt; I think that's an excellent list from
Jeff. And just to add, I think a couple
of other things. If you think about all
the things that are going on behind the
scenes that are not product reveals,
that are not rollout robot taxi rollout
related. Um, and unfortunately for Tesla
investors, they have been associated
with SpaceX. There's been the
combination of XAI and SpaceX. There's
been this this IPO, the the road show.
There's been Terra Fab. There's been
negotiations behind the scenes with
Intel.
We're rumored to hear negotiations with
ASML or discussions with ASML and who
knows who else. Um, they are figuring
out where to build Terra Feb. They're
negotiating with different counties for
tax abatements
uh because the amount of equipment you
put into these this tariff is going to
be massive and so if you don't get a tax
abatement it's not going to be
economical. So there's so many different
things going on behind the scenes. How
much is Elon involved in all that stuff?
I don't know but I would imagine quite a
bit.
Um, not to mention, you know, SpaceX
potentially buying
building or buying land and building
more launch facilities rumored to do so
in Louisiana.
So, there's just so much going on. And
for Tesla shareholders, from their
perspective, that's not that great
because Elon's plates full of SpaceX
stuff. Now, he's the guy that's probably
the best at context switching in the
world and managing multiple things, but
even he probably has his limits. And
certainly, as it comes to scheduling
a Roadster reveal, he can only be in one
place at one time. So, he's got a lot on
his calendar. He's a lot of commitments.
Um, who knows what he had to drop in
order to go to China with the president.
You know, you're you're suddenly gone
for a few days. Um, I would imagine that
was relatively short notice.
in terms of that, right? So, there's so
many things that they have to juggle and
you're going to like some unfortunately
some things are going to drop, some
balls are going to drop and and maybe
the road to reveal was one of the
casualties on that. As it relates to
Optimus, I think that's more related to
well, you know, let let's learn from
other companies and past experience. You
might as well just have your product
ready, reveal it, and then be ready to
sell it. What's the point of revealing
it too soon? We all want to see it. I I
want to see it now, but Apple doesn't
operate that way, right? And wouldn't it
be cool to have the reveal and say, "Oh,
you can order now and it's going to be
available. You can buy, you know, it'll
be delivered to you in two months." That
would be cool. And I'm willing to wait
for that.
&gt;&gt; I think he was uh disappointed. He was
he wanted to, you know, if you're going
to reveal Optimus Gen 3, you better have
a very good demo. And he felt like it
wasn't ready. So, let's push it. I guess
what's odd is Alexandra the, you know,
did something change because they must
have already known that the IPO for June
for SpaceX was going to be June. They
probably knew that in October last year
and then they were already still
announcing all of these robo taxi
rollout demo Optimus demo robbo roadster
and then they changed that. So it's like
it's like did they all of a sudden find
out that you know something changed with
the SpaceX IPO and then therefore let's
push this or
&gt;&gt; Yeah, I'm I mean I can I can only try to
make sense of it and part of when I
analyze these things we've discussed it
when we went through the S1 is I try to
understand when things shifted and my
gut feeling it's not more I wish it was
more is that the whole IPO idea matured
last summer. I have the feeling that by
November when we had the shareholder
meeting there was already when we had
Tesla shareholder meeting there was
already a firm idea of SpaceX IPOing
because remember my question to Elon
about a joint shareholder meeting this
year
&gt;&gt; right so I and and it's not the only
indicator but I have the feeling that
things came and yes at the same time
they still promised that 1 of January
date 1 of April date So I mean things
can happen in production, things can
happen that just strategically. What is
a little bit surprising it seems to be
delayed on all fronts, right? So that
gives us this feeling and this
unsatisfied unsatisfaction of where the
next good news please bring it. Um, I
don't know. But I think what we should
address because it just fell so people
understand that um, we're taping this on
Thursday afternoon. You're releasing it
on Friday morning. Um, is that S&amp;P just
announced that they are not changing
their rules for index inclusion. So, let
me go back because that scenario I've
written an article about four months
ago. I'm sorry about all my articles but
it helps me to align my thoughts. So
what does that mean in the if S&amp;P would
have accepted to soften their conditions
and bring this forward nonprofitable
companies would have been able to be
included in the S&amp;P 500 after 6 months.
That would have been the case for
SpaceX, but also for
OpenAI, Anthropic, and so on, other mega
caps that are now getting ready to to
IPO. Obviously, SpaceX will be the first
one to profit from it, and it was very
much pushed because the new rule should
have started applying from 8th of June,
just 4 days before the IPO. So, it did
look very coordinated. They had a
consultation. That consultation ended
last week, Thursday, a week ago. And
today they published just now that they
are not changing their rules. So there
will not be an S&amp;P inclusion on the 12th
of December,
which would have been independent
of
profitability of SpaceX.
What will be is a year from the IPO in
June next year they would
consider at that moment whether SpaceX
is sufficiently profitable but we have
gone through that headache that is a
headache because they want multiple
quarters and then they it's still
discretionary and whatever however if
there is a merger and the merged entity
exists Tesla has a place in the S&amp;P in
the top 10 um of it at the moment of the
merger even though SpaceX is not
profitable
replaces
the Tesla ticker in the SpaceX and
purchases have to happen.
So while S&amp;P did not change their rules
and that will apply to open ionic it
will actually not apply now to SpaceX if
there is a merger because that rule is a
completely different rule. it is that
the merged entity is included even
though it's not profitable and at the
exact moment when the merger is
consumed. Okay, so we're back to that
base scenario. They will then look at
the float by then the float will be by
far
30 40%. So there will be huge buying at
that moment at the moment the merger is
consumed. Hope I explained that short
and clear.
&gt;&gt; Which if if they announce it in August
that they intend to merge, the vote uh
for Tesla occurs in November. You still
thinking that what month would the
actual merger occur? Q2.
&gt;&gt; Q2,
&gt;&gt; but before June of next year.
&gt;&gt; Mhm. Yeah. Yeah.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; And the day of the merger, the new
entity sticker, so maybe SPCX or maybe
he bought X or whatever. What do we
know? would then replace the Tesla
ticker in the S&amp;P 500. They would be
obliged to purchase all these additional
shares because now obviously it's a
bigger entity. Um, and that purchase is
float adjusted. So, it depends on how
much float from SpaceX will be then
available.
&gt;&gt; Doesn't Herbert have to change some of
his merch then? Don't you have that TSLA
hat?
&gt;&gt; If they merge up,
&gt;&gt; become a collector's item.
&gt;&gt; I have to get rid of the TSLA hat. Yeah.
So, we are filming this on Thursday
afternoon and then this just dropped.
Like you said, S&amp;P Dow Jones officially
announced that they will not be changing
their inclusion rules to make it easier
for mega cap companies, one of which is
SpaceX, to be fasttracked into the S&amp;P
500. Here's their reasoning. And um this
is their consultation that they came
back at. So, if that's the case, what
happens is uh initially we thought that
they were going to cut it back from 12
months to 6 months. That's no longer the
case. So instead of being included,
possibly included into the S&amp;P if SpaceX
goes up in June, they could have been
included in December, but now it's going
to be June of next year. That's the
earliest that it could possibly happen.
So what does that mean for Tesla SL?
&gt;&gt; Wait, wait, wait. No, no, no. The June
date is if you don't have a merged
entity. So if it just say SpaceX itself,
&gt;&gt; you just explained if it's a merge
entity, it would be at the merged
moment.
&gt;&gt; Correct. If you don't have a merge
entity, then it would be June next year.
But one way that it can happen
&gt;&gt; is that you think that it's going to be
second quarter that the actual merge
would occur and if that happens then
that's when Tesla's already in S&amp;P so
the merge entity would be in it and then
there would be more force buying.
&gt;&gt; Exactly.
&gt;&gt; Okay. So it's not terrible maybe timing
wise
&gt;&gt; it stretches the line couple of months
further. It's an incentive to get the
merger through the soonest possible. It
certainly is an incentive because that
is the big buying. The the Footsie and
CRSP and NASDAQ 100 is nice. It's about
15 to 20 billion each and it's I mean it
could be more but at least the passives
are that but the big chunk
60 70 100 maybe even more than 100 um
that's S&amp;P.
&gt;&gt; Herbert I'd like to make a prediction
right now.
&gt;&gt; Yeah please. that SM the S&amp;P committee
is going to be forced to change this
rule even though they've declined to
right as of this time.
&gt;&gt; Okay.
&gt;&gt; The reality is that index inclusion and
all these rules is a madeup thing.
&gt;&gt; Yes. to make it sound like there's
there's rational reasonable thinking
going on.
what's going to be happen and they may
find this e the form of economic reality
hits them is we now have a major index
that that's not going to include SpaceX
soon and other indexes are they may find
out that there's a massive flow of
capital from S&amp;P indexes into the others
and for business reasons they will get
their wits about them very quickly and
make a change
&gt;&gt; because they are paid royalties by the
volume of the funds that track these
indices that's how they are paid
&gt;&gt; yeah let's not be fooled that this is
some kind of high pious ruling from from
the god.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. And the other I mean of they are
not you know how hate I hate the funds
but I hate even more the index makers
but the the
S&amp;P was never friendly to Elon and the
bears the Elon haters were out in masses
the last couple of weeks screaming about
these index changes because they know
darn well what it means. If you have
ever managed a fund you know darn well
what this means. So while again I want
to say this doesn't really change my
prediction for the period from June to
middle of December because those are
staggered and they will be fulfilled. It
pushes that last catalyst, that huge
catalyst at the end a little bit
forward, but it also is a motivation now
for the merger
workers, meaning the lawyers and the
bankers that will work on this to make
it happen rather sooner than later
because
&gt;&gt; interesting, Alexandra.
&gt;&gt; So, it's actually good news for Tesla.
Let's let me just catch up all the
audience members who aren't aren't
following. Alexandra has a theory and
it's just a theory. She knows nothing
more than anyone else, but she's dug in
more than all of us into the proxy and
all the num all the governance things.
And here's her theory. Her theory is
that SpaceX is going IPO in June 12th.
That's a fact that's happening. And then
somewhere she thinks in a in August they
will make an announcement to purchase
Tesla. You can see the breadcrumbs in
the in the amendment S1A.
And then why why August? because there
needs to be a Tesla vote which most
likely will happen in November and then
if the November happens then the merger
will happen. She said now Q2 of the
actual merger will occur Q2 but as soon
as they make the announcement in August
the two companies should lock that price
going up and down at the same together
at the same time.
&gt;&gt; Let me let me just make a little
precision. I think it will be latest in
August mid August. I think it can happen
at any moment between end of June and
mid August. the announcement.
&gt;&gt; We're in June now.
&gt;&gt; I don't know how confusable they are, if
it's very close to the IPO or whether
they want to wait out that at least the
NASDAQ 100 inclusion is behind whatever.
I don't know that. Or they may wait for
a certain market cap, right? They may
also watch the stock and you know see
what happens and then maybe they have in
maybe Elon has a number in his head of
the SpaceX market cap where he thinks
okay now I'm going to announce it. Um
and then there are a couple of weeks of
special committees. Then there is a
proxy. Then there are six weeks where we
have to read the proxy and vote. Then
there is a shareholder meeting. Then
there are regulators. So you can work
your butts off and probably manage all
of that in I don't know eight to nine
months.
But you know and now they have a
motivation because now the motivation is
when we're done the S&amp;P inclusion
happens. That's a real high financial
motivation. Huge. And
&gt;&gt; it's actually the flip of what's
happened now, isn't it? Because right
now that the you know the conspiracy
theorist, we were just discussing it now
that you know you want to sandbag Tesla,
you you want to push the events happen
later. But now if SpaceX is no longer
going to be have an option to be
included into the S&amp;P 500 in December,
then the stock could fall because
there's a lot of people selling it, less
people buying it at that time. And so
Elon will want to have the merger
because Tesla has a real business model
for the short term, for the next year,
for three years from now. SpaceX is much
more further out. And so it would be
perfect timing for him to say, "Hey,
we've got a business model that's going
to generate real cash in the next three
years."
&gt;&gt; And why I say the shareholder vote
should happen in November because up to
beginning of December, the the three
initial indices still have buying buying
pressure, right? and and the the lock up
for the early investor only ends in
December. So if you want to ride that
wave, the earlier the shareholder
meeting is before that December expiry
date, the more you have this vote under
control.
&gt;&gt; Herbert, I'm just going to push back on
something you said,
&gt;&gt; okay,
&gt;&gt; about SpaceX's opportunity being further
out. Did you see Goldman Sachs today
came out with their 2030 revenue number?
Yeah. of a mere $322 billion. Yeah, I I
I just interviewed uh Aaron Bernett of
Mach 33 and Larry Goldberg and we went
through his latest business model for
SpaceX and they're being very
conservative and they're even more
conservative than Goldman Sachs and what
they are saying yeah that the near-term
is is Starlink but even the AI data
centers you know won't start till 2028
and then really won't happen till 2031
and I know that Goldman Sachs is a lot
more um aggressive about it. And then so
&gt;&gt; let me quickly address Goldman because
Goldman really bothers me. Goldman has
both in the 2018 CEO vote and in the
2024 revote voted against. They have
really not been an Elon friend.
&gt;&gt; No.
&gt;&gt; Now they are co-lead for the IPO. Who
decided that? I have no idea. Whatever.
And now they are pumping it. I mean I
know the leads have to pump it but I
mean pumping of pumping right
&gt;&gt; Wall Street is just disgusting. It's I
mean it's
&gt;&gt; their number sern of 300 and whatever 32
billion dollars for AI
is I think almost 10 times what mayon
Bernett's Mach 33 was. So it's a it's a
bit
not correct Herbert. I was on a call
with them this morning and they're at 30
305 billion for 2030. They're actually
just right on top of each other.
&gt;&gt; Oh, you you think air Mach 33? Well, I
just looked at it and we just we just
talked about it. Okay.
&gt;&gt; Yep. No, they're 305 billion is my
understanding.
&gt;&gt; Um
regardless, it's still 2030, four years
away.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. No, I'm just pushing back on the
narrative that that SpaceX's opportunity
is like
&gt;&gt; Yeah. way further out. That may that may
be true but also may not be true.
&gt;&gt; Also just back to the index thing the
whole S&amp;P methodology they talk about
financial viability right and you have
to have gap net income from continuing
operations must be positive for the most
recent quarter and the sum of the most
recent four consecutive quarters. Like
these things sound like they're etched
in stone like you know hand down from
from some somebody high on a
mountaintop. The reality is again
they're going to be forced by market
forces to to change their ways and they
may learn
&gt;&gt; of the big mega cups. So you will have
indices and S&amp;P 500 without space. I
mean again SpaceX will slip in through
the merger. But let's just say the
merger would not happen without SpaceX
without open and without an impossible
you know those are going to be three of
the top 10 mega caps. You have one out
there saying, "Okay, it's too young.
It's one thing, but three."
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; And the three will join who? They'll
join NASDAQ,
&gt;&gt; of course. All the others are ready. All
the others.
&gt;&gt; And everybody will buy NASDAQ instead of
&gt;&gt; And Russell Indexes and others.
&gt;&gt; Exactly. And the Vanguard ones, CRSP,
are all the Vanguard ones. Yeah.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. And OpenAI and Anthropic are going
public pretty quick. They're rushing it.
They're rushing fast. Might happen in a
couple months.
&gt;&gt; Want to be on the wave. So what's
interesting about this is what we're
seeing play out in real time is these
are actively managed indexes and they
actively manage through their rules.
But let's not miss make any mistake.
They're actively managing who goes in
these indexes.
&gt;&gt; CERN this is a political tool. It always
has been. Rating agencies are index
makers are index funds are this 401ks
are the whole setup is to make Wall
Street rich and to have influence. That
is all it is. It's always been we can
start in the 1960s. It's disgusting. I'm
done with this world. That's why I left
it in 2007. Thanks to Elon, I'm back in
it, but never mind. But the way this is
set up is it pretends to give a safe
environment to retail investors and it
strips them of everything. Voting rights
money through management fees. If you
don't pay a lot, you give up a lot of
other things. If you pay a lot, you give
maybe up a little bit less of the other
things. But one way or the other, they
have you.
&gt;&gt; The other thing too, Herbert, other
breaking news is Starlink has announced
that they have 12 million subscribers.
&gt;&gt; That was fast. My gosh, they were just
at 10 million last month.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. So, you know, here you go, S&amp;P.
You know, we we we thumb thumb our nose
at you in terms of profitability. We're
building profitability very quickly.
It's fun. It's fun to watch.
&gt;&gt; All right. Uh let's talk competit
competitors. Um so, people are concerned
about uh let's say let's start with
Optimus. Um there's figure who came out
and showed an incredible demos over 7
days 24 hours a day three or four bots
took replacement replace each other to
do the pick and place kind of task that
proved to most people that this is not
just a demo you know you a quick
two-minute demo to show everybody how
great it is can physically see that it's
actually working that it can actually do
as fast as a human they actually even
had a human there competing with them
directly uh with the bot directly to
show that when the human takes breaks,
lunch and and and the breaks that the
robot catches up and they're pretty
equal. And then you had Open AAI
announce and he came out and said, "We
are doing robotics as well and we're
hiring people." Uh are these competitors
something to be concerned about, Jeeoff?
&gt;&gt; No, there's this humanoid robotics and
robotics in general is going to be so
big. We don't have enough people
actually designing and building bots in
the US and we're missing a lot of the
supply chain. We're missing a lot of the
conventional robotic supply chain here.
So we we don't have enough doing it. So
there I don't think there can be enough
competitors to be honest with you. The
question is is are they capable? If you
put them through if you pass them
through that filter we've talked about
of can they do the AI brain? Can they um
can they make the right product in terms
of of uh putting the right specs in but
also engineering it and then can they
manufacture
at scale and very few companies are
going to are going to go through that
filter or go through that strainer and
Tesla certainly is going to be through
that and out on the other side. So, I
don't think we have enough as a short
answer and we can always have more these
YouTube videos. I the the figure demo
was impressive. There's no question. I'm
not going to but in general, a lot of
these videos from companies, you just
you have to understand the context of
what you're seeing in that video and
what's a fully spec compliant product
that is that has the right reliability,
power consumption for mass production
for its end use. And there's a
difference between these two. This is
why all these companies are essentially
doing a new rev of their bot because
they know that they're going to need it.
And you can say, well, they're just up
they're just upreving it every year like
iPhone. Well, no.
They're I I believe that actually this
is going to be a limited year,
especially in the US where if these
companies had a million units of
capacity, they wouldn't use it and they
wouldn't want to build a million of
their current bot. they there's things
that they need to solve for so that they
are reliable. They can hit the cost
structure that that's needed and they
they hit the right power consumption and
capability targets. So uh but this this
will be a big year in China certainly
and in the US for you'll just see a
higher volume of bots and you'll see
bots doing uh real world things in
factories for for for me not just for
demo like it'll actually they'll
actually start putting them in but
another year though to start seeing some
real scaling but no there's not enough
people making a good bot so we need more
&gt;&gt; Herbert there's 36 job listings right
now for robo taxi related jobs how How
many job listings do you think there is
for Optimus right now? 202. So Tesla is
very focused on Optimus. They're
building a massive team. This is going
to be huge product for them. Don't let a
demo from Figure as great as it was. And
I'm in the camp. What that was amazing
to be for them to be willing to live
stream that for was it eight straight
days. Kudos to them. Well done.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. But Tesla is solidly in this game
and building that team. We're seeing the
factory being built at Giga Texas. It's
going to be almost as big as the main
Giga Texas factory. So, don't despair.
Optimus is coming.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. One more quick quick point is when
when it took 5 years for the smartphone
supply chain to go from a million units
a year to a billion units in a year. And
in that time frame, there were many
things that needed to be re-engineered
in the product. So the cost structure
came in line, the reliability came in
line, the performance came in line and
the same things that have to happen with
with bots as well and the supply chain,
the the supply of components. So there's
a bit of a road ahead. Nobody's going to
make a million of anything next year
that's going to be useful. And don't
underestimate what's needed because when
we did the smartphone, it was a
globalized supply chain. You had access
to supply everywhere. and you're
essentially assembling in Asia and
distributing it everywhere. This is
actually going to be a much more
difficult product and a much more
difficult supply chain actually for the
product.
&gt;&gt; All right. And then uh Whimo and you
know robo taxis. So there is a
tremendous amount of um are you happy
Jeeoff with how many cyber caps you've
been seeing out there since the numbers
you were expecting by this point?
&gt;&gt; Yeah, I think the ramp is going fine. In
fact, I think Tesla will
um correlate or cooperate the ramp with
the readiness of the operation in the
field and the readiness of the software
to go. So I I think I think it's going
fine. Uh but yeah, these these
comparisons to Whimo are bizarre. Just
like CERN said with Figure,
uh different conversation, but it's
great. We I think Whimo 3,700 cars great
but they're going to be fundamentally
different when Tesla is at scale and you
need multiple of these comp. We don't
have enough ride share companies
actually that do good work that make
enough good product at scale. That's why
you can't open your phone and get an
autonomous vehicle in every city in
every suburb in the US because we don't
actually have enough. So, this whole
competitive thing, I know there was a
clip on CNBC this morning. Um, just
unbelievable how the media I it's almost
purposeful of how they try to position
where they see or box they want to put
Tesla and his and Elon and his products.
And it's really it's not only
inaccurate, it's almost it's ignorant
the way that the the comps are being
done. competition in all these growing
fields is actually going to be a very
good thing for the consumer and we don't
have enough supply of it just in
general. So don't worry about it.
&gt;&gt; And one thing I want to highlight is in
over all these years that I've been
following Elon, he always welcomes
competition to the point that they put
their patents out there just because he
feels that more of good products is a
good thing. So and and that competition
is even a stimulation for for Tesla to
improve. So, don't think that Tesla
fears competition. Not at all.
&gt;&gt; So, here's a a video by Tech Danny.
&gt;&gt; Behind me is production cyber cab. Let's
check it out. It is in a new color
called gleaming gold and it is gorgeous.
Definitely gleaming. If you come around
this way, you press this button here.
Selfopening McLaren style
doors. Those are sick. And if you come
inside,
you get two seats and two seats only,
but they're very large. They look very
comfortable. One big center console, so
you can watch a movie while the car
literally drives you wherever you want
to go. Now, let's check out the back.
This is the boot, as they say. Very,
very large. There's no second row, just
made for two passengers, and lots and
lots of storage. So, if you have
suitcases, whatever you have to take in
there, you got plenty of room for all of
your stuff for your ride to the airport.
And a couple of things you do not have
on the Cyber Cap that might surprise
you. No rear view mirrors, no sunroof,
no back window to see out of because
you're not driving this thing, it's
driving you. Let's shut the door one
more time just for fun because it looks
so cool.
There's the brand new Cyber Cab. What do
you guys think? Are you ready to see
these on the road? And would you take
one to the airport?
&gt;&gt; So Jeeoff, I mean they it looks pretty
production ready. Looks pretty good.
We've not we don't know, but we have not
heard uh any concerns about the cyber
cab, right? Does that look like it's
it's pretty well there? It's like it's
ready to go.
&gt;&gt; Um
this is a per this is a really good for
Tesla this roll out of them basically
shipping to themselves because they
really took risks with this product. how
it's constructed, the very low park
count, the new the different materials,
this door mechanism, I think is a very
high-risisk thing to put out there. And
you can you can you can engineer it and
you can get your manufacturing
tolerances to be perfect, but sometimes
there's something seen at scale that you
miss. So, I'm hoping that these doors a
don't get stuck, b don't are become
misaligned.
Um, but these are all the things I would
I always I'm paranoid when you when you
think about products and ramps and
doing, you know, failure mode effects
analysis. So, uh, that would be to me a
high-risisk thing. But, yeah, the cars
look great, but these are these cars are
going out for demo in in public. So,
they're supposed to be they're supposed
to look great. If they didn't, that
would be strange. Uh, so yeah, I I think
they're scaling. I think it's off and
running and I think there's going to be
some form of convergence of this cyber
cabs product in field uh hopefully this
summer.
&gt;&gt; Just imagine what the price of gold's
going to do when they really ramp up
production.
&gt;&gt; Sure.
&gt;&gt; Gold flakes in that paint.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. I mean the investment is really at
like you were saying Cern the amount of
uh people that they're hiring for robot
for robots optimist but here there's a
51,000 square foot delivery center in
Grand Prairie Texas. This is crazy how
big this one is. It's I think this might
just be for service also like service
not just for robo taxi but it is zoned
for robo taxi as well. This is uh in
between it's near Dallas Fort Worth in
between Fort Worth and Dallas. So this
is like I think the third. You got one
in Austin, one in Houston, one here.
&gt;&gt; This is an indication to me that they're
going to use all of their facilities for
robo taxi where we're needed. There'll
be robo taxi dedicated facilities, but
they can essentially run robo taxi
fleets out of existing facilities. Um,
you know, and they're going to have some
fun growing pains with that potentially.
Um, but it's great. They've got a lot of
infrastructure to build. I I do think
that it's interesting to think about
that this idea of customer-owned cyber
cabs where we can take care of the
charging, the cleaning, the maintenance.
Um that helps them scale actually maybe
faster if they have to build out all
this infrastructure themselves.
Why not have individuals own these
vehicles? And again, as Elon said that
they'll make a cyber make cyber cabs
available for public sale by the end of
this year. We'll see if that that
happens. Uh but for me that's one reason
too in terms of helping them scale this
out.
&gt;&gt; I was just going to say it there's a
weird there's a a weird structural thing
financially for these requisitions to be
loaded in the system so we can see them.
Somebody in finance had to account for
them and start moving budget so there's
budget available internally. That's an
internal blue money thing. But when
these people are actually hired and
they're actually on the payroll and
these structures are built, if Tesla's
not putting a ton of volume of cyber
cabs out there, these things are going
to be a massive opex uh boat anchor and
Tesla's just not
that's not going to I don't think that's
going to happen. I think they're going
to I I think you're going to see a lot
of product flowing through. But these
facilities, they have to get built over
right now. Some of these things are Oh,
there's a site over there. But I think
they'll they're not complex. They can
get built pretty quickly. But just the
point of it is is that the finance the
finances around this, it's going to be a
real strain on OPEX if they build all
this up, they hire these people, and
they don't have a ton of robo taxi ride
share volume coming. So I actually think
they're planning for a a fairly big
deployment.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. You know, I I spent part of this
spring in Santa Monica because of the
health issues of my husband and they
have wayos there and just next to our
hotel was the parking of the Whimos
where they get cleaned and get ready for
the next thing. So we had sufficient
hours to watch this. It was circus. Um
it doesn't take much to have a cleaning
facility and charging facility. It
looked like a big supercharging
facility. I mean, they obviously
charging much slower than than where the
Teslas are. And in the meantime, they
went to another row where there were
people actively cleaning them and and
getting them ready for the next one.
Then they went back to the charger and
then off they went. So, it's not this
part is not complex. I mean, if you add
a service center to it, obviously much
more comes to it. But if it is just
cleaning, charging, ensuring they're
going back,
it's uh and and in Santa Monica, it
wasn't even covered. It was on the open
air. But uh but uh they may want to have
it, you know, with a roof so that
temperature is controlled and whatever.
&gt;&gt; All right. Uh quickfire questions, guys.
So, let's uh see what you guys think.
When do you guys expect the Optimus V3
reveal if Elon said now it's going to be
as close as possible to production in
Fremont? Uh, what are you thinking,
Jeeoff?
&gt;&gt; Q3.
&gt;&gt; Q3 and it'll be in Fremont.
&gt;&gt; Oh,
can be anywhere.
&gt;&gt; Yep. Uh, sir,
&gt;&gt; if there's a merger sooner rather than
later. If there's not a merger later. If
they announce it in August, as Alexandra
was suggesting, then you think maybe
it'll happen latest in August. I mean,
they we're June already. I'm telling
you, it's like
&gt;&gt; this is coming up too fast. It's just
weird for me to think that sometime next
month they might already announce
&gt;&gt; September 1st half October if there is a
merger. That's a nice
&gt;&gt; second half of July.
&gt;&gt; No, to for the reveal of the Optimus.
&gt;&gt; No,
&gt;&gt; second half of September, first half of
October.
&gt;&gt; Agreed.
&gt;&gt; That's a nice window.
Yep.
&gt;&gt; Okay. Wow. All right. Okay. Uh, what is
the next important milestone for Tesla?
&gt;&gt; The announcement of the merger.
&gt;&gt; Robo taxi ramp,
&gt;&gt; which is when? What's your thinking
concern?
&gt;&gt; Any minute.
&gt;&gt; Like what do you what do you mean by
ramp?
&gt;&gt; Well, actually a concerted effort to to
ramp. And I do think by the end of this
quarter, we're going to get the other
three cities that are on the chart and
they might just they might just make it
by the, you know, by the wire.
&gt;&gt; Well, end of this quarter is in 21 26
days. Yeah. So, I think we're going to
see that. Uh that way they can they can
say that they did it in the time frame
they said.
&gt;&gt; Mhm.
&gt;&gt; Um and then I expect that this summer
we're going to see a more concerted
ramp.
&gt;&gt; Okay. This summer, June, Jul, July,
August, September.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; Okay. Conser Robot taxi ramp you said.
Okay. And then uh Jeff,
&gt;&gt; same. And couple with that cyber cab
giving production rides to real human
beings
&gt;&gt; sometime in July, August, September
&gt;&gt; soon.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, that's what I've been saying. July
&gt;&gt; Q2 is going to be a a big I think I
think Q2 is going to be sizable for
Tesla. But let's see. Typically in this
month, we would come out of a Sunday of
a starting the the middle month of a
quarter and there'd be a bunch of sales
announced or incentives. There's nothing
nothing new announced.
&gt;&gt; What are you implying?
&gt;&gt; That they've got a lot of demand for
cars.
&gt;&gt; Sales are strong.
So that we will we won't know that until
July 3rd when that we might see the
deliveries and uh production numbers.
&gt;&gt; Well, yeah, we're going to get monthly
snapshots though of registrations and
they're strong. That's why we got May.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, May has been strong. Although
although the US didn't seem strong, but
I don't know where the US data would
come from so quickly, but um but the
other countries looked good. the net of
it including if this US data was
accurate the net of it was up 27 28%
over last year
&gt;&gt; Alexander said that uh July June 12th
when SpaceX goes IPO that is a milestone
for Tesla's stock Larry Goldberg thinks
that July June 12th just because SpaceX
goes IPO just in general because of halo
effect like people are going to be
talking about SpaceX they're going to be
hearing about Elon that that does just
in general he sees a 10% 15% jump in
Tesla stock because of Just because what
do you guys think?
&gt;&gt; I don't see it
&gt;&gt; then. Why did you say that Tesla is it?
I said what's the next milestone for
Tesla stock and you said June 12th
&gt;&gt; merger. No, no, no. I said the merger. I
said the merger announcement.
&gt;&gt; Announcement of merger.
&gt;&gt; End of June and middle of August.
&gt;&gt; Okay. I misheard you. All right. Um,
yeah. Turn. What do you think? The stock
going to move at all? Tesla stock on
June 12th?
&gt;&gt; Um, it will move in my opinion based on
Tesla factors. I don't know that that if
SpaceX has a massively successful IPO
that that necessarily moves Tesla.
&gt;&gt; If Do you think it will people will sell
Tesla to buy SpaceX?
&gt;&gt; If that's the case that's happening this
week people
&gt;&gt; Yeah, I think that's probably already
happened.
&gt;&gt; It may go back in if they didn't get a
lot of a lotment.
&gt;&gt; Well, that's that's another thing too,
isn't it? And I think people are
probably selling other things besides
you. Anybody that was trying that wants
to buy SpaceX at the IPO, they likely
love Elon and want to be invested in as
much as they can with Elon and they're
not selling Tesla. They're selling
everything else. They're probably
selling their S&amp;P index fund at this
point.
&gt;&gt; They should.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
I was actually reading I was just
reading Eric, I think his name is
Baracus. He is the Bloomberg reporter
for ETFs and indices. He's really good.
um not always good on on Bloomberg but
he's good and he just said this is a
major strategical error of S&amp;P people
will choose their passive funds and say
you know what if you don't want three
big things let's go
&gt;&gt; y
&gt;&gt; that's what is saying yeah just wait
until openi anthropic are in there
everybody wants anthropic
&gt;&gt; this is their cash flow this is their
cash cow S&amp;P 500 royalties
&gt;&gt; gosh it sounds so much like Delaware
again making a strategic mistake because
of
&gt;&gt; politics politics politics or something
like that. Yeah. And then shutting
themselves in.
&gt;&gt; Never a friend.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; I'm actually now in retrospective, I'm
actually surprised they played the game
and tried to propose it, whatever. But
never mind. Who knows?
&gt;&gt; Well, they have to pretend like they're
listening to their constituents.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; Why don't we close with just uh your
thoughts on what what is the message to
Tesla investors? people, investors have
been sitting here watching the stock
stay flat for so long, just on edge for
robo taxi expansion, delayed, delayed,
delayed. Um, comments.
&gt;&gt; Well, I've talked to a lot of Tesla
investors. Um, and there's a lot of
frustration
&gt;&gt; for sure. There's a lot of people that
have watched other companies do
extremely well, whether it's Nvidia or
more recently companies like Micron, um,
or even some private companies that
perhaps they could have invested in. And
so, it's been tough. And my message has
been consistent in that what's happening
with Tesla is not unusual. We've seen
this with other stocks before where
there's long periods of time where
nothing happens and all of a sudden it's
a hockey stick. Sometimes the best
course of action is to sit on your hands
and do nothing. It's really hard as an
investor to watch everybody else make
money while you're not. And there's a
lot of sort of uh traders out there or
people that are more short-term minded
that are in your face and showing you
how great they're doing and how stupid
you are for not selling Tesla at a
certain price. There's lots of different
ways of investing. I'm not necessarily
putting that approach down, but just if
you are a long-term holder, your
patience will be rewarded. And and I
would like to add and I would like to
add if you've gone through the worst
which were those 12 18 months ago
periods when Tesla dealerships were
under fire when politics were all over
the place.
I understand your frustration and that
you're impatient but you've gone through
the worst. That's done now. And what is
coming is going to be calmer waters and
higher stock prices. the fundamentals
are there and we may have this huge
catalyst with the merger. So, I think
this is the moment to breathe. No FOMO.
Just sit it out
and we'll see. And no financial advice.
Oh, I already see Jeff sending me don't
give any financial advice. I'm not. I'm
not. I'm not.
&gt;&gt; Herbert's like prompting us to give
financial advice. What's your advice to
investors? Well, there's 10 million of
them. They all have different time
horizons and they all uh have different
goals and desires. So, it's really hard
to to give. So, just know what you own.
The question you have to everybody's got
different investing styles. There's the
options casino. There's there's buy and
hold. There's all different kinds of
things. But I just look at the portfolio
of the company like the products they
have and the leadership.
And that's one of the key drivers for
me. And I can't find a a company with a
better portfolio of product and
innovation. I can't find a pro company
that manufactures
better uh in terms of the type of
products, the capability of
manufacturing
than Tesla and it just but it's a
different time horizon. So your time
horizon's longer. Well, who's who is a
better portfolio of products than
Optimus
and the a profitable EV portfolio and
autonomous rid share at reid share at
real scale. I don't have a a better
portfolio of products than of course
energy and the AI products and so forth.
I don't know if so I always I always
look at the leadership. I look at the
product and I look at its competitive
moat. And I think that's where a lot of
analysts get tripped up, so-called
analysts get tripped up is they can't
see the moat uh and understand the moat.
And and that could be your alpha.
&gt;&gt; Another thing too I'd like to add is is
that for all of the SpaceX investors
that I've talked to, I don't think I can
name one that's selling any of their
Tesla shares.
&gt;&gt; Same.
&gt;&gt; Take that for what it's worth. Not
financial advice. Yeah, and I mean there
will be more delays. That is just part
and parcel of uh what we're talking
about here, but you guys have all said
that next six months is where maybe a
lot of things that we've been waiting
for finally shows up. Robbo taxi
expansion, maybe an Optimus reveal,
maybe,
you know,
guess the one that's most important is
Robbo taxi. It's got to roll out the
cyber cab. They're to keep building
that. So, all right. Thank you guys.
That was fun. uh lots of debate. We we
we tackled a lot of uh controversial
topics today. We went straight at
straight there and had to answer what a
lot of people are saying. So, let's uh
let's you know, not hide but actually
address it. Thank you all. See you soon.
&gt;&gt; Thanks, Herbert.
&gt;&gt; Thank you.
&gt;&gt; I've created a website that is the most
comprehensive resource for the Tesla
investor. Please check it out. Simply go
to my website at herm.com.