Channel:     jobhakdi
Title:       How the Ceuta Disaster Could TRIGGER the Demise of the EU
URL:         https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0TCbxdTass0
Published:   2026-08-06 09:00 UTC
Fetched:     2026-08-06 10:00 UTC

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

What we are seeing in southern Spain on
the African continent, they own a little
piece of land there, Spain, is
absolutely shocking and for the first
time so shocking that even mainstream
media is being forced to broadcast the
images of a literal invasion into a
European country, Spain. So in sitta
suta, my Spanish is very bad. Within 24
hours, we saw 60,000 Moroccans or people
coming from Morocco, no one knows
exactly who they are, pouring into that
territory of Spain over the border with
67 dead and the Shenhen territory now
fracturing as a response. It's a pretty
shocking development for the European
Union. maybe a good thing for everyone
who's critical of migration, of the mass
migration and replacement of the
European people. And so what we see here
is probably the most stark and well
broadcasted example of an actual
invasion. And there are many many
questions now being asked how this could
have happened. So, let's go first into a
quick video in this weekly update here
in the weekly brief and see what
actually happened and how things could
become so terribly bad. So, here for
example, you see uh a video.
Look at this. So, that is the territory
of Spain and that is the invasion. These
people are coming. They're climbing up
the fences with boats.
Many go by the way through the sea
because the new government in Spain, the
socialist government, they made a
decision and the Supreme Court supported
it that if you come by sea, you can stay
something like that. It's some another
extremely dumb decision that then makes
people go through, you know, instead of
just climbing the fence, they're coming
through the sea. Many died, by the way.
That's very
sorry for the sound. And then you
actually have these victims, but you see
what's going on there. It's a pretty
shocking situation. Uh and that led to
unusually high coverage. Normally these
events are not covered in the media
because it's not very
uh conducive to the plans. Uh we see
here all kinds of people commenting. Uh
we see the aggression of these people.
Look, they're just basically invading
the city.
These are all illegal migrants.
Shouting Alu Akbar is also great. So
they are like walking or coming into the
city. Look, this is a city of 40,000 or
60,000 people or something and 60,000
are pouring into that. We will look at
the map in a second to understand what's
going on. But it's a little invasion.
Imagine that is your town and suddenly
people who don't belong into your
country just invade.
It's a literally invasion. And that is
actually happening right now. So
there are some very dubious
circumstances here. Here, by the way,
you see here's Morocco, here is Spain,
and here is the border. and they're just
coming across and going into that
territory. So that is kind of the
situation and when we look at some more
details here
uh to understand where this entire thing
is actually located
uh you will see
I can show you that in Google maps you
will see this is actually an old
territory
here is Europe and down here they own
that little piece of Morocco uh Spain
this is the larger map here, Gibbralta.
Here is Spain, and here is Morocco. I
can zoom out a little bit more if you're
not familiar with the geography. So,
here is Italy, here is France, here is
Spain, and down here is Africa with
Algeria and Morocco. And so that place,
the Seut
place that got invaded is actually here.
And what you see was actually happening.
Uh you have to zoom out. This is not a
normal migration. Obviously, as you have
seen, we have seen people coming here
with trucks protected by the Moroccan
police
approaching the border and being then
unloaded
uh to then invade Spain. Hey, on this
channel, we do something very important.
We deeply analyze, understand, and
predict capital, AGI, and politics. Not
just to beat the markets and make a lot
of money, even though that's important,
but also to build a new society and make
the future good for all of us, the
pioneers. If you want to help me on this
journey, you can do that by doing a very
simple thing. Like and subscribe. It
helps me a lot. Thank you so much for
your support. And let's get back to the
video. And you have to understand that
for a long time uh there is actually a
lot of contested fighting over these
lands. As you can imagine, these are two
countries. One was very powerful, the
other one was slightly colonized and uh
they are very mad still at Spain and
there's a lot of tensions. Morocco is
also an ally of Israel and Israel uh is
actually very mad at Spain. Uh there's a
tweet from 2019, son of Netanyahu saying
Spain needs to get punished or will get
punished uh also through migration. So
these spin off a lot of not even
conspiracy theories. It's more pretty
obvious that this is just a fact that
this is happening that this is uh
something that Israel likes to see that
Spain is under pressure. Now we also
know that the Trump administration is
not happy with Spain. The Spanish uh new
government is very anti-Israel and very
pro Palestinian. Uh it even prohibited
ships to land and use Spanish ports that
are going to Israel. So there is a lot
of tension and Morocco is a close ally
of the United States and of Israel. And
what we saw is that the Moroccan
government is definitely supporting and
preparing this invasion.
And so here you have a very interesting
situation that what normally just looks
like normal migration
down what normally is sold to everyone
is just normal migration. Some people
suspect it's a little bit more than that
in this instance becomes obvious that
this is planned. This is government
sponsored. The Moroccan government wants
that little piece of land back anyway
which is fine. You can have these
debates, but you can't invade other
countries. It's just not how it works.
And that has now led to a ripple effect
across Europe because now Europeans and
even mainstream media was forced to
cover this and it has enormous ripple
effects and that is what we are going to
cover
in the weekly brief. So to summarize
what happened so far, between July 30th
and 31st of July, an estimated 60,000
people searched from Morocco into Seuta,
overwhelmingly young men, obviously, and
roughly 70% of the city's normal
population in a single day. Okay, that
is the shocking thing. It basically
doubled the city's population. Death
toll is at 67. Tens of thousands
returned to Morocco within 48 hours
under coordinated Spanish Moroccan
pressure. Well, kind of. Spain is now
installing a floating sea barrier and
has sent a lot of enforcements.
And in this weekly brief, we are
connecting the dots of that happening
and we are looking now at the ripple
effects from Italy, Finland, Denmark,
France actually now
exiting Shenhen effectively. The Shenhen
agreement is an agreement that allows
everyone within the European Union to
have freedom of movement. So you do not
need to show passports when you cross
borders in the shenhen zone. You can
just travel all around which is
increasingly under pressure as Europeans
become extremely unhappy with mass
migrations of tens of millions of people
who don't belong into Europe who are now
in Europe. The lot of crime explosion
all over the place. You might have heard
it from Sweden to of course UK and
France to Germany and of course Spain
and Italy. Everyone has massive
problems. Everyone one is now getting
scared. Spain is actually doing a bunch
of very stupid things to allow more and
more migrants coming in and making them
citizens which leads to an erosion of
the European implicit contract of
Shenhen. Why do you have freedom of
movement in the Shenhen zone? Because
you assume a Spaniard is not that bad
and can might be able to travel to
Germany. But if the Spaniard is actually
Sudanese
then things get a little you know
problematic because the whole idea of
Shenen zone is you have similar people
traveling around in their continent not
the entire world that creates a lot of
problems. So now we see all these
countries taking very bold reactions and
we also see [clears throat] very very
unique developments. 22 EU leaders
actually signing a joint letter to the
commission EU commission and Ursula
Thunderline
she has a lot of problems these days is
under enormous pressure. So that is in
the weekly brief and we are going to
take a look there to connect the dots
this week what actually happened here.
To see the full weekly brief go to
pioneerlands.org.
Every single week we bring you the
latest in politics and the cutting edge
developments in the United States and
Europe so we can follow the crazy
transformations that are happening in
this age of AGI. The matrix is imploding
and everything is changing. So check it
out on pioneerlands.org. You also find
two other weekly briefs. One, stocks and
capital markets where we cover stocks
like Tesla, SpaceX, and of course the
markets at a as a whole. And we also
have an AI frontier weekly brief where
you learn about the latest models, the
latest CHBT developments, anthropic and
claude, Grock, and the Chinese models.
So you are up to date also on
technology. See you in Pioneer Lands.