Channel:     brighterwithherbert
Title:       The TSLA Chart Wall Street Refuses To Show
URL:         https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_CsRUbs2sTM
Published:   2026-05-02 13:30 UTC
Fetched:     2026-05-02 14:00 UTC

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Wall Street is having a panic attack and
Tesla investors are confused. On one
hand, they scream Tesla is spending too
much on capex now at $25 billion.
Meanwhile, Microsoft, Google, Amazon,
every hyperscaler is pouring hundreds of
billions into AI capex. On the other
hand, Tesla's not spending enough. Let's
calm down and take a closer look.
Certain Bastard just published a chart
every Tesla investor needs to see.
Cumulative revenue divided by cumulative
capex plus R&amp;D. The honest all-in
capital efficiency number. Tesla's at
6.2, Microsoft 3.5, Amazon 4, Google
3.5. The only company that beats Tesla
is Apple. And Apple doesn't really build
anything. They outsource manufacturing
to China. So among the companies that
actually build things, factories, AI
compute, human robots, Tesla is the most
capital efficient business in America.
While the Mag 7 burns cash on AI with
falling returns, Tesla gets more revenue
out of every dollar than any of them.
This then brings up the next big battle.
Why isn't Tesla spending that money
advertising? Let's break down what all
this means for Optimus, Dojo, and Cyber
Cap spending, and why this might be the
most bullish Tesla data point in 2026.
We got Cern Basher here with us today.
He's a charter financial analyst running
his own investment advisory firm called
Brilliant Advice providing wealth
management services. Welcome, CERN. So,
this is a big topic. Tesla is not
spending enough money. Tesla's spending
too much money. Why aren't they
advertising? Where should they spend
money? Let's dive deeper into that. Tell
me about uh the deck you prepared today.
&gt;&gt; Well, the short of it is you've got to
spend money to make money. And the
question is how much money can you make
for every dollar spent? And as we'll see
today, it's it's not uh you know
immediately clear or obvious, but I
think we can look at some of the trends
and I think we can draw out some
important distinctions between Tesla and
some of the other Mag 7 companies. uh
some of the other mag 7 companies have
become very capital intensive where they
were they did they didn't used to be and
then there's one like Apple for example
also Nvidia is another one but uh we
don't have the most recent quarterly
numbers on Nvidia yet but for Apple we
do and Apple's a very capital light
business and so the question is can it
remain that way
&gt;&gt; yeah the name again with AI now to build
things and then who is the best at
building things and then to convert it
into revenue and so Elon's kind of one a
very special kind of executive isn't he
not is the best at uh creating products
that people want to buy, but he's the
best at making sure you don't spend too
much money, more than you need to. And
so, let's take a look at how he actually
manages the business.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, this is a a little chart that I
put together to sort of look at the
capital efficiency of Tesla over time.
Now, this doesn't take us back all the
way to the IPO or even pre-IPO days, but
it's starting in Q1 of of 2016, looking
at the cumulative revenue on that top
line relative to the cumulative capex
spend. Yeah.
&gt;&gt; So, for every dollar that Tesla
invested, how many new dollars of
revenue did they get on a cumulative
basis? So, kind of looking at at the
lifetime of the company. And of course
as you add more time here uh this
becomes more meaningful. But you can see
that initially it was in the you know $3
to $6 range uh $3 to $6 of revenue for
every dollar of capex spent. And then
over time as you build factories and you
start to ramp up output from those
factories um that cumulative revenue to
capex ratio the top line there rose to
between 9 and 10. Um so that's pretty
sweet. you know, for every dollar you
spend on capex, if you can get $10 of
revenue, that's a pretty good trade-off.
You should do that all day long.
&gt;&gt; Now, of course, it's not just capex. You
also maybe want to factor in some R&amp;D,
but if you add R&amp;D in here, like I did
with the green line, you do end up
double counting a few things. So, that's
not a perfect measure either. But again,
just just to kind of look at both of
them, look at the trends, I think, is
helpful. And you can certainly see in
recent years, and of course, we know
that with Tesla's revenue, it hasn't
grown much in the last few years. And so
these two lines have kind of flatlined.
Yeah. But still they've flatlined at
very high levels. So that's very
encouraging.
&gt;&gt; So it seems like that is it true that
Tesla spends money right when they're
about to get the money revenue. So like
uh typically you would spend to build
factories it would take three four five
years before that actually then
produces. So where is the spend for
humanoid robot spending or AI data
centers that yet hasn't turned to
revenue? Well, and that's just it and
this is the the key challenge and I
think this is where Elon excels. Um he
is able to spend the money kind of right
before
&gt;&gt; the time when you can start generating
revenue. Now obviously if you're
building a gigafactory there's some lead
time to that. You got to put some
capital on the ground. You've got to
build this factory. You got to put all
the equipment in the factory. You've got
to test this. There's so much money that
goes into it. So that part is is
difficult. But there's certain things I
think that that people have found fault
with Tesla. And one of the most recent
examples is here's the Tesla Semi
rolling off the manufacturing lines now
or beginning to. And a lot of people are
saying, well, where are the
superchargers for semi? How come they
haven't invested in a nationwide
rollout? They've been telling us for
years and years, the semiis coming. They
could have taken that time to build this
out. Well, in that case, you wouldn't be
very capital efficient. You would have
built these this infrastructure that
maybe wasn't needed until five years
later. So Elon, I think, is very good at
at timing and coinciding the spend with
the product and we now have an
announcement today of of Tesla rolling
out uh essentially superchargers, mega
chargers for the trucks that companies
can buy along with buying the Tesla
semi. Um, so that's just one small
example, but I think in terms of the
humanoid robots, if you're developing
the robot and you're at a certain point,
there's no point in building a massive
fetchy until you know that you're very
close to be actually being able to
produce a production ready robot. And of
course, now we're seeing the signs of
that. uh they're going to take down the
Model S and X line in Fremont uh
beginning this quarter and they're going
to very quickly in the process of you
know 40 to 60 days turn that line into a
1 million unit capacity humanoid robot
production line and at the same time
we're now seeing
ground moved and foundation being laid
for the 10 million humanoid factory in
Texas and that factory may take 12 to 15
months to complete so Tesla's very good
at timing the capex spend kind of right
before they really need it and right
before they can get to the point where
they can produce these products.
&gt;&gt; Mhm. Oh, that's a good explanation.
Okay,
&gt;&gt; now this is another one I wanted to show
and this is a a new chart. Um, you know,
the previous chart was from our show uh
of the uh the 10 Titans show that we did
a few months ago and I'm kind of
updating that now on a quarterly basis,
but this one's a new chart and what I
did here was we're looking at the
trailing 12-month changes. The blue
lines are the trailing 12- month changes
in revenue. Okay, so you can think of it
as the revenue produced in 12-month
period. And by the way, the trailing
12-month change in the cumulative
revenue. So it's basically looking at
the, you know, the annual revenues.
Okay. And then for capex, we're looking
at the trailing 12 months changes in
cumulative capex spend. And so the
question there is you can see kind of on
a rolling basis for every dollar
essentially of capex
what the incremental revenue was that
that capex produced. Now I would first
all first of all admit that when you're
investing money in capex you're not
getting an immediate return. We just
discussed that they're building a robot
factory that won't start to produce
robots for a year or two down the line.
So in some ways this is a very unfair
measure to judge the revenue produced in
a given year for the dollars spent in
that year on capex. There really should
be a bit of a lag time here. But still
I'm consistent across all these
companies. So we're going to use the
same methodology. But you can see here
that the green line for Tesla what I'm
calling capital efficiency. It's the
incremental revenue
um per dollar of capex and R&amp;D spent.
And you can see that's range between
call it $6 and $9.
So that's a pretty good near-term return
on a dollar of capex spent in that in
that year. And you can certainly see it
it fluctuates a little bit. If you go
back to 2017, very capex heavy spend and
they don't yet have the revenue uh
generated from those factories and then
you can see a massive increase as those
factories start to ramp up.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; So this for Tesla it's going to be very
lumpy.
&gt;&gt; And I think the the thing to think about
too for Tesla now as they head into
what's going to be a very capital
intensive spend uh time now for the next
year or two uh we could actually see
this line go down. But the green line
should benefit from some of the capex
spend that they've done over the last
few years. For example, as they start
producing cyber cab and putting that
into the robo taxi fleet and earning
revenue from that. So it'll be
interesting to see even during this
heavy capex spend period that's coming
up for Tesla if that green line can
continue to rise.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, I think there's a good chance it
will.
&gt;&gt; That's where I'm at. It's like they
should spend more, but this is this
table shows me that they have the room
to do this. They're not in any way, you
know, they're already doing such a great
job with it that they allowed themselves
this opportunity to go ahead and go
crazy now. Uh and then hopefully the
revenue will skyrocket. What's the
point?
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; This is Microsoft.
&gt;&gt; This is Microsoft. So Tesla is not
operating in vacuum. And certainly when
it comes to AI, if you think about the
AI opportunity,
this is not Tesla versus Ford and GM
anymore. This is Tesla against the
largest of the largest companies in the
world in in in many regards. Um now
ideally we should be looking at probably
the spend of of Tesla and SpaceX
combined when we're looking at Microsoft
and these other companies. But uh in the
next few quarters we'll have that
opportunity to combine those two because
SpaceX will become a public company and
we'll start seeing their their their
financials. But in the meantime, let's
just look at Microsoft here. So this is
the the chart that looks at the
cumulative revenue over the cumulative
capex that top line that yellow or
orange line is clearly coming down
and coming down it looks like in an
accelerating way and that makes sense
because they've been massively
increasing their capex.
&gt;&gt; Yeah,
&gt;&gt; Microsoft is among now a few companies
that are spending you know 150 plus
billion a year in capex,
&gt;&gt; right? Colossal amount of money.
Now the green line, the cumulative
revenue versus the cumulative capex in
R&amp;D has been pretty flat, but you can
see it's starting to move down.
&gt;&gt; It's gonna be
&gt;&gt; So maybe they offset some of their
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; capex by reducing some of their R&amp;D
spend.
&gt;&gt; So that ratio is fairly constant. I like
this uh metric because uh it's it's
based on revenue, how much you can spend
on capex and you're looking at the
revenue versus capex ratio and uh this
even even with how much money they're
making on revenue, they're probably
spending too much money in capex right
now or it's not it's only been maybe a
couple years. So give them time to see
this happen. But boy, this is they
better turn it around soon. They better
start showing that uh the capex was
worth it.
&gt;&gt; Well, that's right. And this is where my
my metric here is not being fair to
these companies because if you're
putting money into projects today,
you're not going to get an immediate
return. Some of the payback periods on
these projects will be longer. But
still, it's indicative of how capital
intensive technology companies are
becoming. And we'll see this trend in
these other names. And so that has
implications I think for investors um in
a world of AI. Do you want to be
invested in companies that are making
this kind of investment or do you want
to be invested in the companies that
traditionally have done really well
because they were capex light? You know,
the apples of the world for example.
&gt;&gt; Oh, interesting what you're saying. I
also like the idea that what you're
pointing out today is that it's not
like, oh, this company's putting $10
billion in AI and this company is only
putting 25 billion. It's take a look
closer at who's actually going to who's
been more capital efficient when you is
that 25 equal to that 100 because let's
take a look what's happened so far with
these MAG7s who are putting so much
money because they could afford it but
so far they've not been capital
efficient necessarily hasn't turned into
revenue like Tesla has shown that they
could do it. So let's
&gt;&gt; and and I I would also say too that
revenue may not be the the best metric
to look at. I guess ultimately it's for
every dollar of capex what's uh
incremental profit
&gt;&gt; would be a better way longer term and
and maybe I'll I'll refine that in this
analysis at some point but um so that
that's something to to consider as well.
&gt;&gt; Um so here's Microsoft's capital
efficiency measure again looking at the
uh the revenue generated over a 12-month
period versus the capex over those
rolling 12-month periods. And you can
see here the ratio of those two, the
green line is trending down and seems to
be accelerating down as they're ramping
up their capex. The capex in this chart
are those sort of faint little orange
bars uh with the outlines and you can
see there versus revenue how much it's
ramping up.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. But the re revenues keep going up.
So go for it.
&gt;&gt; Revenues revenues are strong. That's
right. Yeah.
&gt;&gt; Doing well. Mhm.
&gt;&gt; And the great unanswered question in
this age of AI is will this capex spend
generate the returns? Is this going to
be worth it or is this a race to just
outspend each other and drive down the
the returns on these investments? Um
that's an unanswered question at this
point for the for these for these
hyperscalers. Okay, let's look at
Amazon. Now, Amazon uh have conducted
themselves quite a bit differently over
the years. uh they have been known to uh
spend a lot of money on their business,
not focus really on free cash flow.
They've been free cash flow negative uh
you know for a good period of its
history. Um this is where taking
starting at 2016 is kind of not really
the right metric for Amazon. But you can
see as you get a couple years into it,
the ratio here, the topline one gets to
about 15 and now we're down to about 10
and now it's down to you know 8 and a
half or something like that. So they are
becoming more and more capital intensive
as well. Uh no great surprise. Um the
green line is a bit more stable but you
can definitely see the downtrend in that
line as well. That's the one that
includes R&amp;D.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, this is uh robots, right? I mean
one thing people don't realize is
Amazon's one of the most automated
factories and distribution channels uh
distribution fac what do you what I'm
trying to say warehouses. Distribution
warehouses.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. is estimated about to have they're
estimated to have about a million robots
in operation in the distribution centers
around the world. It's probably the
largest use of robots in in the world by
any any single company. So then if we
look at their uh capital efficiency
ratio here uh the revenue versus the the
change in the capex that's coming down
pretty rapidly for them. Uh they're down
under three.
So for every new dollar of capex and R&amp;D
they generated less than $3 of
additional revenue. Okay, so this is
something to watch. How how much are
they going to increase the spending
versus the revenue growth?
Again, there's a lag time. You build a
data center, it takes a little while
before it starts to produce revenue for
you.
&gt;&gt; Didn't they increase their um capex this
year to 200 plus billion dollars?
&gt;&gt; That's not afraid to spend money.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; But what did they spend it on? That's
the question we're all asking. like,
okay,
&gt;&gt; will they get an ample return for that
money? Yeah,
&gt;&gt; I was like, that's, you know, tw 10
times what Tesla's spending.
&gt;&gt; Now, they're a massive company. Amazon
has got generating cash like crazy. Uh,
not cash, but um revenue. So,
&gt;&gt; yeah,
&gt;&gt; the ultimate test for these companies is
in order to make that green line go up,
do they have to cut back on their capex
or are they going to get it through
revenue growth?
&gt;&gt; Right. In Tesla's case, I'm very
confident that they will see that green
line go up, not because they spend less
on capex, but because they're going to
see the return on that money that's been
spent.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. I mean, that's the thing we keep
coming back to. Tesla's businesses that
they're spending the money on is on robo
taxi and humanoid robots and AI data
centers. So, those three are very clear
uh returns. Well, maybe not the AI data
center yet, but uh the others, it's AI
data centers.
&gt;&gt; Mhm.
&gt;&gt; That's it. I mean, and a few things of
course like Google's trying to get into
they've got the they've got robot robot
taxi with Whimo and they've got uh
robots also. Same with Amazon getting
into robots, but it's not as clear as
Tesla who's manufacturing it themselves.
&gt;&gt; Well, and there's a couple of important
distinctions too. If you think about
Tesla and Roboaxi, that's a massively
scalable business. Once you have that
figured out, you can literally copy
paste into every city in the country.
And so the returns on that investment
should should accelerate over time. Same
thing with humanoid robots. Uh
particularly if you can mass manufacture
at scale and Tesla's telling us that
they plan to. They're right now starting
construction of a 10 million unit
factory. Uh there's no other humanoid
manufacturer that we know of that have
have those plans and are actually
executing on them today. There are other
humanoid makers making robots. You know,
Figer, for example, I think is making
like 55 a day right now. And that's
fantastic for a startup, but that's not
the kind of scale that Tesla is looking
at, right? The other thing, too, I think
that's important to think about is
the this race, this AI data center race.
Uh it's clear that these companies have
to spend in order to stay in the game.
and and I'm not in the camp where I'm
worried that they're overspending
necessarily because the opportunity is
there. They have the customers willing
to pay.
&gt;&gt; What I'm worried about is whether or not
the returns on that spending are going
to be attractive for them.
Uh that's
&gt;&gt; they have to there's no choice.
&gt;&gt; There's no choice.
&gt;&gt; I think this race to AI is the biggest
most important battle ever and there
will be casualties. Several of these big
Mac 7s may not make it through or they
could all make it through actually
because they're not really competing
with each other as you did in another
show. You com you showed that these Max
7 is going to you called it the tit the
Titans the 10 Titans.
&gt;&gt; The Titans will basically take over all
other or vast majority of all other
companies. The Fortune 500, the Fortune
5000, all those guys will go away and
then they'll be the Titans left.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. They're all gobbling up other
companies. Yeah. No, I I think you're
right. They don't have a choice. U this
is a battle now to the to the you know
the bankruptcy essentially. Um uh but
what's interesting and I think what's so
special about Tesla is they have an
opportunity to build to spend money in
capex and R&amp;D and build production
facilities so that they have real world
AI products. But one of the biggest
differentiators and one of the biggest
moes for Tesla is their factories. Who
else on the planet is attempting to do
the same thing. So for example, let's
look at robo taxi. Tesla can feed the
robo taxi business through vehicles that
they themselves can make in their
factories at low cost.
Google with Whimo is not doing that. So
while you may say, okay, from a
technology standpoint, the Whimos seem
to work just as well as FSD does, which
I don't think is the case, but let's
just give them that. Okay, then can
Google compete with Tesla on the
manufacturing of the vehicles
themselves? And the answer is clearly
no. They're relying on outside third
parties. And right now, the cost of
those vehicles is insanely high. And
over time, at scale, the cost of those
vehicles is going to matter. It's what's
going to stop Whimo from being
competitive with Tesla as Tesla gets
scale and drives down the price per mile
for for customers. That's the moat that
Tesla's building. And I don't see that
necessarily in what Microsoft and Amazon
and Google and others are building in
the AI space. They're all building data
centers. Where's the moat around that?
They're hoping that they have a moat in
their AI model, but the reality is
what's to stop somebody from just
copying that? And that seems to be
what's happening
&gt;&gt; so far. That's what's happening.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; I mean, SpaceX and XAI are going after
the AI data center, going after the AI
AGI. Elon just said on on uh the on on
court in court saying that Tesla is not
going after AGI. Tesla's going after
physical AI which is these factories but
SpaceX and XAI are the ones competing
against these other guys. And so that's
why it would be nice to compare them
because that's who needs to that's why
they're going IPO. They need to get
their $70 billion of money to spend just
to catch up with these guys. But they
have
&gt;&gt; this is an interesting question though,
right? because I think investors reward
companies that have the most durable
moes to use you know Warren Buffett and
Benjamin Graham's terms and the moat
around Tesla is increasing in my opinion
in my view per my analysis and to me the
moat perhaps around Microsoft and Amazon
and Google might be getting a little bit
weaker now they have a massive advantage
today because they can outspend Tesla by
you know a huge factor but as time goes
on I think investors may start to
question about whether or not those
companies have much of a mode
&gt;&gt; let me just push back a I I don't I
wouldn't include Google or Amazon. You
just happen to choose those two.
I think those two are actually the ones
who are going to very su succeed very
well. It's it's the meta that everybody
has something very powerful in their
hands. Meta and Apple are the ones I'm
concerned the most about.
&gt;&gt; They don't build anything physically.
uh they they have their their mode is
powerful and I I I don't know if it's
going to go away or not but but their
software might as all almost all
software and software is the one that's
going to be taken over by AI. Uh Google
has the everything except for physical
factories, but they've got everything
they need to succeed. I think and then
Amazon is the one with the most physical
um next to Tesla. Yeah, Amazon has, you
know, this massive distribution network
that would be a challenge to copy,
although not impossible in an autonomous
AIdriven world. Uh Tesla could compete
with Amazon if they wanted to at some
point. Amazon and Google right now have
this massive advantage because they have
these hugely profitable advertising
businesses and that's just these are
just wonderful cash flow machines with
which they can fund their their capex
spending now. But I wonder whether or
not they're really spending in the right
areas that are going to give them a moat
long term if it's just in the models and
just in the data centers while SpaceX is
going to have that well beyond the
capacity for those companies at some
point. Now I suppose that you know
Google's an investor in SpaceX they own
something like 7% of the company. I'm
sure that if they want to launch AI data
centers into orbit that SpaceX will
oblige.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; It's not like SpaceX will shut them out.
So yes, I think Google will ultimately
be a competitor in that space.
&gt;&gt; I mean, Elon has said Google is the
winner. So I I think we should look
closer on that. But Google and Amazon
seem to be strongest of of the of the
pack here.
&gt;&gt; And I guess Amazon, you know, with
Bezos, they kind of have their own
rocket company. Uh a distant second to
SpaceX, but over time, I guess we
shouldn't count them out. Uh Jeff Bezos
certainly has deep enough pockets to
make that work. Yeah.
&gt;&gt; They just reusable rocket, too. So
they're they're on the way.
&gt;&gt; That's right. Yeah. So the next one, uh,
Herbert, if we look at Google, uh,
similar looking chart. Their, uh,
cumulative revenue to cumulative capex
ratio was kind of heading back up and
then the AI race began and now they've,
that's trending down, and so now it's
under $7. Uh, the green line has been
pretty stable between three and four,
although it's starting to dip down a
little bit. Um, and then if we look at
the capital efficiency ratio, uh, you
can see that green line is is coming
down.
um you look at this chart and you say,
"Wow, look at look at that revenue
growth." And then look at the
acceleration in the orange bars there in
the capex.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, like I said earlier though, they
can afford it. If that revenue growth
was flat, uh then I'd be worried.
&gt;&gt; But,
&gt;&gt; you know, that is one of the reasons why
Elon did not spend a lot of money in the
last three years. You know, why didn't
he not build a giga Mexico? Why didn't
he build more gigafactories or mega
factories? Why didn't he double down on
a Model 2 car? because he couldn't.
&gt;&gt; Revenue was flat. The world was, you
know, car business was not a good
business in the last several years.
&gt;&gt; Uh these guys just just has been having
a party
so they can spend this money. I'm not
worried about these guys announcing $200
billion.
&gt;&gt; But the but but your point today is that
Tesla's coming in from behind. But
they're just now, first of all, because
Elon's such a good uh operator, he was
able to keep expenses low and then he's
able to make the most use of every
dollar spent. And so his $25 billion
investment is equivalent to these guys
$200 million investment. And then two,
he's just now about to flip the company
into a software business, a robo taxi
software business, a services business,
uh, you know, that's paid that can pay
for all the factories and the physical
hardware that they're building.
&gt;&gt; Yeah,
&gt;&gt; these guys, they all need to now start
creating physical products, robot
factories. They're all making
announcements now. I would not be
shocked if Google next next thing he
says is we're going to be buying a car
company.
&gt;&gt; He needs it. Yes, they do.
&gt;&gt; Mark my words, Google will be buying a
car company shortly and a robot company.
They're already very much partnered with
Anthropic uh sorry um
&gt;&gt; uh which human or robot company um
&gt;&gt; Abtronic.
&gt;&gt; Uptronic. Electronic. They already
heavily invested in electronic, but
they're going to need to buy and own
them themselves.
&gt;&gt; Mhm.
&gt;&gt; It's going to happen.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. In my opinion, Google should just
give up on Whimo. It's going to be too
costly. But the robot space I think they
they have a good chance. I I my theory
with Whimo and Joe Bacti and I've had
this many conversation is that um do you
know that Google CEO Senator Pra his his
uh his uh compensation plan has been
tied directly now to Whimo's
you know three-year goals
&gt;&gt; and so I we believe that they have a u a
path to just getting rid of LAR but
going to neural nets and vision only
they've already been working on it and
so they're only seeding these cities
with their current to be able to get the
operations in place. They got the
legalities in place, regulatory in place
and then switch out the cars. So I
that's why I'm saying they're buying a
car company and it's going to be vision
only neural net and then they will be
able to write the ship. They cannot as
you're saying take the existing path and
make that anything. They're not that's
not the this is just seeding it out
there.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. No, that would if they make that
step. If they get rid of LAR and go
vision only just like Tesla has done,
that gives them a chance. If they buy a
car company, that's a costly thing, but
that gives them a chance and then they
have to execute as well as Elon's
executing in order to keep up. That's a
tall order in my opinion.
&gt;&gt; It's a tall order for Google because
they're softwarebased company who's now
becoming a hardware company and hardware
is the harder thing.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. So, who knows if they'll ever
because every time they've tried to do
something as hardware related, they
failed the glasses or, you know,
whatever.
&gt;&gt; Apple took a look at this business and
and passed.
&gt;&gt; So,
&gt;&gt; they could they failed after 10 billion
dollars. Yeah.
&gt;&gt; And only up to 10 billion. It wasn't 100
billion. It could have easily been 100
billion before they exe, you know,
exited. So, I I worry a little bit about
Whimo. I I think that would be a good
strategy. that would be the pathway, but
they're going to have to execute so well
to stand a chance. Uh if if Elon can
make Cyber Cab for $20,000 and let's say
Google buys a car company and they're
still pumping out cars that cost them
50,000 to make, they're cooked. If if
they can't compete at the level that
Tesla is, then they're history. Um you
know, too too bad they can't they can't
buy like a Chinese uh you know, vehicle
company, you know, automobile company.
The problem is they wouldn't be able to
bring those into the United States.
&gt;&gt; No, they can. You know, uh who I can't
remember who I was talking to, Michael
Dunn. These are experts in the space.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; And uh you you take you pick a lot of
companies and you go, is that a Chinese
company? It's like it's like, okay,
well, you know what I mean? Like if you
it's like subsidiaries upon
subsidiaries. It's manufactured these
are manufactured here, but then it's u
assembled here. Then it's imported to
this company over here that then
sells it to that company to that country
over there
&gt;&gt; and it becomes like what company is that
we don't even know anymore at this point
he said
&gt;&gt; yeah I guess you lose
&gt;&gt; some of the advantages like for example
I know Volvo is owned by a Chinese
company
&gt;&gt; know that we're buying and made in China
&gt;&gt; I'm not sure that they are
&gt;&gt; right so there's one thing
&gt;&gt; that's what I'm suggesting it's like
it's hard to know anymore where it was
actually which factory but who actually
owns it
&gt;&gt; yeah so I think that'll be interesting I
do think they stand a bit of ch chance
on on the humanoid robot side. Uh it's a
bigger market. It's it's a newer market.
Um the Tesla's advantages aren't yet
well established.
Um so there's more of an opportunity I
think there. And by the way, same thing
with with Amazon in that space. Uh and
Microsoft if they're smart. Um we so
we'll have to see. Um on the next page,
Herbert is a comparison of those uh sort
of the capital efficiency ratios.
Tesla's in red and Microsoft, Google,
and Amazon are kind of bunched
&gt;&gt; the rest of the lines there just to kind
of show you on one chart the comparison.
&gt;&gt; So Tesla right now is at twice the
capital efficiency of those of those
other companies.
&gt;&gt; And this, by the way, Tesla is a very
capital intensive company because it's a
manufacturer, an automobile manufacturer
that is not cheap to build these plants
to make these cars. Now, of course,
these other companies have become very
capital intensive as well. now and you
can see that here on this this one
chart. I I this is a question I asked
Elon uh when I had a chance is like is
it luck that you go you you know things
seem to just turn out right like you
know he decides what 20 years ago I'm
going to get into building cars and
everybody's like shaking their head what
are you talking about you're a software
guy you can build software software is
eating the world highest high margins
but somehow he knew that someday you
need to have he how many times has he
said factory is the
which many of us didn't really like.
Yeah, factory is great because it you're
you're a car company. But actually, you
know, Microsoft and Google and these
guys are like raking the cash because
it's a high margin software business.
But he knew that at some point with AI,
they are in trouble. You need to have
factories as you
&gt;&gt; still have to make stuff. You still have
to make it. Yeah.
&gt;&gt; And it's like that's your moat. And it's
like was he lucky or was it like he knew
&gt;&gt; he has the foresight and and it's you
know a decade long foresight to know
that one day that would be important.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; He does the hard things
uh not a share not afraid to do the hard
things because he knows that that is
I think what is it bits and atoms right
like I what's the term?
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Um so the next chart Herbert is
the same thing but just revenue versus
capex. So taking out the R&amp;D and so on
that basis you can see that Tesla up
there at about 10 is well above the
others between three and five. So again
more than twice as much.
&gt;&gt; What does this tell you that they are
that based on how much market revenue
they're making they're doing just the
right amount of capex?
&gt;&gt; Well they're producing $10 revenue for
every every dollar of capex spent. and
the other companies are producing only
three to five. So Tesla is twice as
&gt;&gt; but it's trailing. Can you really make
that statement that it's actually you're
you're almost becoming forwardlooking
versus just trailing though.
&gt;&gt; Well, that's just it. Ford the
forward-looking one is the number that
matters and those other companies are
hoping that the forward-looking number
here improves that their capex spending
will will you know will generate the
results for Tesla. Again, since we know
so much about Tesla and what the robo
taxi business model looks like, I'm
pretty confident that this line, even in
a in a heavier capex period, that this
line is going to rise as they start
ramping up robo taxi.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. uh or
I think we know how like you said it
earlier uh Tesla is such a incredible
operator that they've already kind of
hinted that uh they're going to borrow
they can borrow money if they need to to
build more robots to build more robo
taxis.
&gt;&gt; They've got they can go out to the
capital markets if they need to. They
can raise that $25 billion. In fact,
their statement that they actually made
was over $25 billion to spend, not just
that number.
&gt;&gt; They're going to spend more if they need
to. But they also are saying that we
think that we're going to be able to
start getting cash in from the robo taxi
business in time for the buildout of the
robo taxi business and it could actually
&gt;&gt; Yes.
&gt;&gt; You know
&gt;&gt; Yes.
&gt;&gt; It's like oh man.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. And I think that they they they're
trying to time that to see that.
&gt;&gt; Isn't that crazy how brilliant of an
operator they are? It's just crazy if
that works out the right versus everyone
else seems to you better prove soon you
can make money out of this because it's
not looking good.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; So now let's look at a company that
throws kind of a wrench in the works
here. Let's look at Apple.
&gt;&gt; Okay.
&gt;&gt; And you can see that Apple's capital
efficiency ratios by the same metrics
are off the charts. They're at 30 if you
just look at cumulative revenue versus
cumulative cumulative capex.
&gt;&gt; Now Apple doesn't have any factories.
They've outsourced that to Foxcon and
other companies
&gt;&gt; and so this is a special case. Now this
happens to be the most successful
company on the planet in addition to
Nvidia which by the way looks very
similar. I just didn't update the charts
yet because they report a quarter from
now or sorry a month from now. Um and
you can see if you add in R&amp;D they're
they're flatline around 10. Uh where
there's other companies who are quite a
bit lower than that. So
you know is Apple then the example?
Should all the other companies emulate
Apple? Should all the other companies
farm out their capex to partner
companies? And while this has worked
beautifully for Apple over the last, you
know, 20 years, I think we are
approaching this world of, you know,
real world AI world that if you don't
have a moat around your manufacturing
operations, you're now suddenly at risk
because what happens, for example, if
SpaceX decides to come up with their own
phone or AI device of some sort? What's
to stop other companies now competing
with Apple on their own terms with the
next form of communication device? Apple
may find itself to be in a very
difficult position. Again, I guess they
could rely on other companies like
Foxcon to make that capital investment
and I suppose Apple would probably make
payments to them in order to make sure
that they did. But this is a situation
where I think just looking at these
ratios for Apple and saying, "Boy, I
wish all the other companies were just
like them." may actually may actually be
a mistake. And as we just talked about a
minute ago, I think Elon has had the
foresight to recognize that the
advantage is in the the machine that
builds the machine. And that's what
Tesla's been building. Um, but who
knows? Maybe maybe Apple has it right
all along, right? We we'll see. We'll
see.
&gt;&gt; Well, let's take a look at the next
chart because I want to ask you a
question on this one. Can you explain
what this means? Yeah.
&gt;&gt; So, again, this is uh looking at the
revenue produced each each year rolling
&gt;&gt; going up like crazy.
&gt;&gt; Going up pretty steadily. Not not quite
as growthy as Google and Microsoft and
Amazon, but but still good.
&gt;&gt; Look at the R&amp;D is terrible.
&gt;&gt; The R&amp;D flat. Yeah. It's like an
afterthought.
&gt;&gt; So they're
&gt;&gt; and so they're generating about $9 to$10
of revenue for every dollar spent of
R&amp;D. And they they still are
&gt;&gt; what Tesla was doing. But they're not
spending they're not raising the money
when they need to because it's AI years
and they've decided not to go in the
race. They've decided not to enter in
this capital intensive race race with
everyone else.
&gt;&gt; They're they're not building the AI data
centers. They're not building their own
model. They've partnered with Google and
who knows probably others at some point.
Is that the right strategy for them?
Maybe. Maybe they are the geniuses.
Maybe they are the ones that say, "Okay,
you guys fight it out and we'll just pay
for the best model and we'll save
ourselves the trillions of dollars that
you guys are going to invest in this and
we'll just sit here and pick the
winner." Maybe that's a brilliant
strategy.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; Um perhaps if they're competing against
those companies, but if they're
competing against Tesla, I think it's a
bad strategy because they don't have any
product to compete against Tesla with.
&gt;&gt; They won't have a car. They won't have a
humanoid robot. They're just stuck with
their communication device, which by the
way
&gt;&gt; may at some point be disrupted by
something else.
&gt;&gt; Yes.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. There there's this great article
that went viral recently like, you know,
Apple is cooked, you know, like that.
uh and the the thesis is that what is
what made Apple successful. Uh they had
incredible ecosystem their their device
is well thought of well designed every
software that's in that device is secure
and beautiful and the experience is
fantastic. What happens when AI can
replicate that instantly? What happens
when you can just have a slab of a
device with a with a battery in it and
and AI and that's it and then whatever
you say it's going to pop up and it's
going to be this beautifully designed
thing. So that advantage goes away
to what does Apple actually have, right?
Like you said, they don't actually make
their own phones. They don't have any
robots. They don't have any cars
and they don't even own the AI. So they
are basically banked mo almost all on
the software and then the experience
that they we all have. But if that can
be replaced by AI over time, even as
good as they can do it, what do they
have? That's the concern.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; I often wonder how would Apple be
positioned today if Steve Jobs was still
around. And I think I think it'd be very
different. I think they would have gone
after the car market, autonomous
vehicles. I
&gt;&gt; I think they would have definitely gone
I don't know about the car market. Uh
but I definitely think that they would
have been in the human or robot uh the
robot market.
&gt;&gt; You know, devices in the home was
clearly in their wheelhouse.
&gt;&gt; They should have had all sort like the
Roomba. They should have had a version
of a Roomba. And you know how they would
build it, right? It's personal. You you
you can play with it. It'll talk to you.
It's going to be it's going to give you
delight at every turn.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; It's like a pet. I think they would have
done something like that. And many kinds
of robots in the home. They would have
done this a long time ago.
&gt;&gt; And we're hearing about the development
of like a tabletop robot,
&gt;&gt; which is weird. I don't know what that
is.
But
&gt;&gt; yeah,
&gt;&gt; they they could have done that years
ago. But yeah. Right.
&gt;&gt; Right. But when we're on the cusp of of
Figure and Tesla and other companies
coming out with a f full humanoid, that
that seems too late at this point.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; So, it'll be interesting to see. And
then Herbert, the last couple of charts
on this is the um putting Apple
comparing to the other companies just
just to see
&gt;&gt; Tesla there in red and Apple in yellow
on the top.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; Uh so that's the capex plus R&amp;D. Um
they're, you know, above Tesla, but
Tesla's not too far behind them and
those other companies are drifting down.
And then if you take out the R&amp;D, if you
just look at capex, then Apple's head
and shoulders above everybody.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Not sure what they're doing with
the R&amp;D. That's one thing, one criticism
for Apple. They spend so much money on
R&amp;D and you just don't see it.
&gt;&gt; Well, it takes billions to come up with
new colors of the phone. Um, you know,
and new cases and all that kind of
stuff, right? So, yes.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; Well,
cadence of like shocking shocking you in
the right time, right? the Apple Watch
comes and then it's a success and then
they had this, you know, so we we all
thought that the head the headset was
going to be the big thing and so far it
seems like a dud.
&gt;&gt; Mhm.
&gt;&gt; And then what's next? What's next?
The car. It was a dud. So now nothing.
&gt;&gt; Well, the next thing is clearly humanoid
robots. And maybe the next thing for
personal communications is the sort of
the AI native device. Now Johnny IV is
not at Apple anymore. he's working on a
device with open AI. Um there's other
companies uh that are working on devices
uh sort of AI native devices that will
if they work well they will completely
disrupt
&gt;&gt; Apple's business model.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. I mean short of neural link which
is again where Elon is thinking future
future is the fastest bandwidth
connection is connecting directly to
your brain to the AI. That makes sense.
But okay, whether or not that's going to
go
&gt;&gt; uh you know, every person on Earth is
going to get it, that's that's uh that's
a long ways away.
&gt;&gt; Would they?
&gt;&gt; But then then on the way there, you
don't need this. You can have any slab.
You can have a phone.
&gt;&gt; Mhm.
&gt;&gt; You can have a watch-l like thing. You
can put on a glasses. You can have
pendants. You can have pins. You can
have rings. All of these things should
be AI powered.
And you have access to AI instantly
through that. And that's what these
guys, Apple could do. I I'm not going to
count out Apple yet. They I did a year
ago, but now I'm going
pull this off. I don't know. I doubt it
because I've I've heard that their
culture is just completely like the
company is broken internally from uh
what I'm hearing internally from all the
managers and people work inside. They
can't get anything done anymore. That's
the thing.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. And I think that we'll see with
the new leader whether or not he's the
guy or not. Um I understand that he was
sort of the young youngest of the
candidates. That maybe gives him a good
chance. Maybe they're looking to put
somebody in place that can have 15 years
just like Tim Cook did. Uh you know, if
if he's the right guy, then 15 years
would be great to execute on this plan.
But we'll have to see. Uh, I think they
need to make some pretty major changes
in order to compete and be properly
positioned in this new new world. Um,
because right now from the outside it
doesn't seem like they are. But yeah, I
wouldn't write them out yet.
&gt;&gt; Well, so there's agentic AI that's just
popped up now. Uh, agentic AI is not
just ask a question, get an answer back.
It actually is the holy grail. It's what
we all thought Siri was going to be,
right? It becomes your travel agent. It
actually can build you software. It can
build you a business. that can do things
for you. And so if Apple integrates an
agentic AI within a year from now, then
no one, you know, all the people like me
using Open Claw and setting it up in
our, by the way, Apple Mac minis.
Perfect. They they they sold out on
these Mac Mini computers, all these
computers that they've been building has
been perfectly set up to be used as
agents where agents live. And so then
you they they can then turn it into an
agentic computer system, right? And so
if you have an agent that's easily
accessible, then they become the the the
company that introduces agentic agents
to a billion people. They're the ones
that does this. So they still has that
chance.
&gt;&gt; You've got Tesla with digital optimist
going up to that market. And
&gt;&gt; well, so aa they they've never done it
before. So okay, this is Apple. this is
&gt;&gt; sure
&gt;&gt; you know an idea of a digital optimist
and B
&gt;&gt; uh you need to hear Tesla say I'm gonna
create devices which they can do and
they you know
&gt;&gt; and I and I think that's the great de
great debate here is what's more
important is it the device right or is
it the AI itself and Tesla's ting its
advantages with FSD and vision only and
all that right and so yeah that'll be
interesting to see sort of who comes to
market with what and how that that takes
clearly a company like Apple that has,
you know, just they make their products
easy to use would appear to have a nice
advantage.
But with AI agents, you know, as it
stands now with your experience with
Open Claw and all that, it's a bit
clunky to to use and figure out. It's
not so easy for just the average person,
right? That's going to be the great
challenge.
&gt;&gt; Somebody's going to distribute and I'm
saying within a year from now, it's
going to be, of course, Google and
Apple. That's every phone whether it's
Samsung or whether it's Android or if
it's iPhone is going to now have an
agent in it
&gt;&gt; and it's going to give superpowers to
every single person and uh you just talk
to it and it builds things for you, does
things for you and it'll know what to do
because it's got all your data.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; This is why Larry go Larry Goldberg has
been saying that Elon should actually
take control of Apple and he pointed out
that I I don't know the numbers exactly.
He but he mentioned it before like 10%
of Apple you can control and 10% of
Apple shares basically take over that.
It's not out of the ballpark for Elon to
own
&gt;&gt; a mere 450 billion or something like
that
&gt;&gt; how it is. So he takes control of Apple
now you've got the data and it's it's
it's you got the data of every person
like what could agents do with all that
data? It's like it transformed
everybody's lives like you know like
health right I mean it's tracking
everything about your health and now it
becomes your doctor becomes your
psychiatrist it becomes your uh you know
uh everything it knows everything about
your health for your sleep your daytoday
uh so instead of me having to upload my
Apple Watch data which I do to an LLM
this just knows and it just takes care
of your life
so Yeah.
&gt;&gt; So, okay. Anyways, I I wouldn't I
wouldn't say that they're out of it at
all. They still have a way to cut back
in. So, CERN, you know, you are watching
cyber cyber cabs being built. You're
watching robo taxis going out and uh
Tesla's very capital uh efficient, but
they're also stingy in not advertising.
And many Tesla retailer shareholders
saying, "You should be advertising now.
That FSE is so good at saving people's
lives. It's so good now that once
somebody experiences it, they know that
they're going to uh you know, they're
going to buy it. But, uh, what we're
still hearing from Tesla is it's not
something that they're going to do in
force because they believe that when
they roll out the cyber capab
&gt;&gt; Yeah, it's interesting, isn't it? I you
know if we were looking at these charts
for every dollar of advertising spend
what's the increase in revenue and I
don't know what that is for Tesla. Now
of course I should also mention these
charts it doesn't necessarily correlate
just because they spent a dollar on
capex and they got $5 more revenue
doesn't mean that the capex drove all of
that. Right? It might have been their
advertising efforts that helped
contribute. So I'm not suggesting that
that's the one factor for all these
companies that's driving their revenue
growth. so much more to it. Um, so, so
the question then is for every dollar of
of advertising spend, what is your
expected return on that? I'm assuming
that Tesla knows that. I'm assuming that
Tesla's tracking that for all the
different things that they're doing
advertising in and either it's not good
or they're just not ready to turn that
spigot on yet. Does it make sense to
advertise, for example, robot taxi if
it's not, you know, widely available?
No. That you're just souring money down
the drain. Does it make sense to
advertise FSD?
That to me seems like a clearer case
because that's technology that's
available in anybody's car anywhere in
the United States today,
in Canada, Mexico,
Netherlands, so on.
So why not that that and they said on
the call that FSD now has become a
demand driver for the vehicle.
So what are they waiting for?
You could sell more vehicles. You could
save lives. You could reduce accidents.
Like it seems like at some point
&gt;&gt; it's the right thing to do. Now, is it a
situation where the executive team only
has so much bandwidth and Elon's so busy
doing AI5 chips and terraab and all this
other stuff that he doesn't even have
time to think about it? Maybe. But at
some point, I think this does become
pretty important because the world
doesn't know about this yet. The the
average American has no idea what FSD
is.
&gt;&gt; Mhm.
&gt;&gt; No idea. And for people in the
community, we know what how amazing the
software is and we're looking at it and
we're saying, "What is Tesla waiting
for? Why don't they tell the rest of the
country about this? Now, of course,
there are other ways. There's all kinds
of different ways to advertise. And I
think many of us might sort of be sort
of stuck in the traditional sense and
say, "Oh, we don't see any ads on TV."
Well, that may not be the best way to
reach people anymore. There's all kinds
of other ways. Tesla has certainly
experimented with some things. We see
certain ads and so on on X and videos on
X. Uh, by the way, um, SpaceX put out a
little mini documentary video.
&gt;&gt; Mhm.
&gt;&gt; 24 minutes. And it was beautiful. The
the the video was stunning. And then I
don't think even Elon appeared in the
video once or if he did, it was a short
little snippet. He didn't speak, but it
showed some of the people on the team
and the work that they were doing and
some of the trials and tribulations of
their efforts.
And it's this inspiring story.
Well, robo taxi also is inspiring
and so is the humanoid robot.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; Think about people that that can't drive
anymore and the robo taxi is freedom.
Think about people that need help or are
lonely.
The Optimus is a lifesaver.
Now, Optimus is not a product that's yet
available for people to buy. So, okay,
maybe you don't focus on that too much.
But there's different ways I think of
building awareness and building public
expectation around these products that
that maybe I would like Tesla to explore
that much more deeply. And and of course
I'm not the only one asking for this.
There's been voices in the community for
years now saying that Tesla should do
more. It just seems to be a little bit
of a block for Elon for whatever reason,
right? And maybe he has some good
reasons that he hasn't articulated that
we haven't heard yet. But boy, at this
point with certainly with FSD, that sure
seems like that's ready for prime time
to get everybody to become aware of
that.
&gt;&gt; It might be back to the entire show that
you just showed, which is every dollar
that you have and you can decide where
it goes or where shouldn't go, you're
going to go and de debate because you
can put in robots, you can put into
factories, you can build an AI or you
put in advertising to increase sales of
your robo taxi. And if you wait in that
way, right?
&gt;&gt; True. But the thing about advertising
spend is you get an immediate return on
investment.
&gt;&gt; Or you should you should be.
&gt;&gt; Gotcha.
&gt;&gt; With a with a plant, with a gigafactory,
you're sinking money in the ground and
hoping in five years you make that back.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; With advertising spend, you you're going
to see like this quarter or or next week
what the impact is, right? Like
track the the existing business model
selling a car, you make seven grand. So
every time you put some money in, you're
going to make uh 10 more cars sold for
every whatever.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; Great. you made 70 grand. But if you
advertise cyber cabs and robo taxi, ah,
now you're making right
&gt;&gt; pure cash. So, uh, right, you know what
I mean? So, I don't know. I mean, we
don't know what Elon is obviously smart.
We we're not trying to, uh, over um, say
we're smart in him, but, uh, that is
something we do want more advertising.
And this is funny, but you put this
together. Gorgeous photos. Tell us what
this is all about. Well, the Formula 1
race is in Miami this weekend.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; And I was just sort of saying what a
beautiful opportunity there could be to
showcase Cyber Cab in many ways. And one
of the ways is saying, "Okay, here are
the different F1 teams." Yeah. This
one's kind of funny because it's
Cadillac, but
&gt;&gt; Cadillac now is the newest F1 team.
There also is also Mercedes and Ferrari
here as well. Um wouldn't it be cool if
you could There's there's there's the
Mercedes one. um wrap these cyber cabs
for events. Um and I just wanted to show
what the different F1 team liveries
would be like. Uh for some reason Gemini
couldn't take the Duracell battery off
the Williams Racing car. It would put it
on top there.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; Um but the others look pretty good.
&gt;&gt; I mean the Okay, the argument against
this is that first of all, the Cyber Cab
is iconic. You don't put you don't slap
uh you know advertising on that. That is
advertising. The gold cyber capab is
advertising.
&gt;&gt; Yes. For Tesla.
&gt;&gt; You don't need this to advertise other
people and you don't need the money
&gt;&gt; to to be paid like putting I know you
were just joking and all that, but I
mean this is not what we meant by
advertising.
&gt;&gt; Well, yes and no. I mean you think about
the robot taxi network at scale and the
one of the really cool things is Yeah.
This is what Uber dreams about is to
have a a cyber cab with their name on
it.
&gt;&gt; Well, you know what? I'm not I I think
this could actually happen because I've
been saying Uber should be buying cars
and they started they changed their they
pivoted their business model two weeks
ago where they started buying cars and I
think that they will be one of the
people buying cyber caps. There's no
doubt this will probably become a
reality.
&gt;&gt; They if they were smart they will get
into the fleet management business. Yes.
&gt;&gt; Well, they already are. Yeah.
&gt;&gt; But you wouldn't be able to hail this on
the Uber app. It would be through
Tesla's robo taxi app. They would just
be an owner of these vehicles.
&gt;&gt; True. Um but but why advertise? Why why
use this? Well, this is becomes an
additional source of revenue with which
you can then use to offset the the fair
cost. And so it would be possible
actually in the future potentially to
drive down the fair cost to zero. You
don't even pay for the ride. You just
get in a in a cyber cab and the ride is
paid for by by the advertiser.
Um, now we're a long ways from that
because you need the robo taxi to be at
scale. But look at all the fun you could
have with different um different ads.
This is a beautiful canvas. And I've
said this about the Cybert truck as
well. It's a perfect canvas for
advertising. And we see what people have
done wrapping the Cybert truck.
&gt;&gt; Vasher Vasher edition. That guy doesn't
even look like me, but whatever. I get
it.
&gt;&gt; You're better looking than this guy.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. I don't think anybody would get in
this car. They would be like, you know,
this this seems dangerous. But yeah, uh
&gt;&gt; advertising, you're you're going to like
I need to tell people my name.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Well, I guess if I was a
politician, maybe this would be the way
to get
&gt;&gt; And you're so crazy. You'll cover every
part of the car. All the other guys are
a little bit more uh That's right.
You're like, "No, I don't not a single
piece without my face on it."
&gt;&gt; By the way, I didn't create this. Some
somebody responded to my
&gt;&gt; Somebody made fun of you.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; And somebody likes like steaks in Texas
Roadhouse. This is not my image either.
Somebody put this together. But look at
the potential.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; I don't know. I don't like it. I don't
like it.
&gt;&gt; Now, the cool thing is that F1 is not
only in Miami this year, but also in Las
Vegas and in Austin. So Tesla has two
more chances this year to do something
like this.
&gt;&gt; Not a good idea, Sard. I'm not happy of
this idea, but okay.
&gt;&gt; You're you're in the minority on that,
Herbert. the the response to that post
has been pretty strong and everybody
loves the idea of seeing cyber cabs with
different advertising on it. I think I
think we will see that ultimately
um may maybe not for a while because the
gold I think needs to create its own
brand and
&gt;&gt; and it advertising
&gt;&gt; by itself but it could become an
important source of revenue for the robo
taxi network itself and it could be a
factor to help drive down the price per
mile for the customers. You know what
would be really cool is it's not just
the rap. Okay, let's say the minions,
the minions, right? It's not just a rap.
It's an experience. So, when you get
inside the car,
&gt;&gt; minion uh
&gt;&gt; talks to you and the voice of the
minions are,
&gt;&gt; right? Talks to you and the voice of
minions. Uh there's characters in there.
There's a there's some sort of event
that's happening. They they take your
your trip and we're going to the dentist
today. And then the minion goes, "Oh
no." And then there's the evil dentist
comes out. you know, they make it like a
real fun thing and then when you get to
this,
&gt;&gt; you know, they really embedded in
interactive experience
and then if that is that is no longer
just wrapping advertising that pays for
the freaking trip.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; Wow. Right. Then it's free or you know
near free. Y
&gt;&gt; and then you got this experience and
then people don't feel like it's
advertising when it's fun when it's part
of the exper you know like it's people
don't think it's advertising if it's not
if it's uh incorporated into what they
were
that would be fun that's
&gt;&gt; that would be fantastic um I could
imagine my my kids going for all kinds
of different things like that that would
be so much fun
&gt;&gt; or like uh if if um cuz you know you and
I have talked about when one day
Starbucks will partner with Tesla robo
taxi and let's say uh Starbucks does it
well when you are going to Starbucks
then they send you a Starbucks car.
&gt;&gt; Mhm.
&gt;&gt; And you know the whole experience begins
there.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. The the possibilities are endless
here. You you could see you could see
hospitals for example having branded
cars that fu uh patients around,
&gt;&gt; right?
&gt;&gt; Um there's so many different things that
you can do. Uh I I did a post once where
I said that that they could make uh
cyber cabs free on on election day to
give to take people to the polls.
&gt;&gt; Yes.
&gt;&gt; Right. There's so many so many different
opportunities to just showcase this
vehicle, this service. it.
&gt;&gt; The healthcare idea is great because on
as soon as you're picked up, it's
already you're you're already speaking
to your clinicians, you're speaking to
the AI that's about your you're in a
private uh room, your private area,
you're preparing prior to the actual
&gt;&gt; procedure or event,
&gt;&gt; and you know, make sure you bring this,
make sure you bring that. Uh you you
know, the the all the pre and post uh
surgery procedures.
&gt;&gt; Wow.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. The whole intake procedure could
just be done in the car on your way and
you get to the hospital and you're good
to go. Yeah.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Okay.
&gt;&gt; Efficiency improvements for everybody.
&gt;&gt; Look what we came up with today, dude.
&gt;&gt; I can't wait to see the Brighter with
Herbert uh cyber the experience of being
inside the cyber cab and talking to you.
forward.
Did you know did you know this uh Omar
Homemar's catalog has a service a
software service called FSE whatever I
can't remember what it is but a bunch of
people downloaded his software in it and
then they track how often you were using
FSD but his software also tracks what
music you're listening to
&gt;&gt; and so there was this top 10 music and
guess who was right there at number
eight
&gt;&gt; nice your channel like right in between
Taylor Swift and I'm not kidding. All
the other all the other were like real
stars and like people are listening to
our channel on the
&gt;&gt; You're in your rightful place, Herbert.
That's where you should be. Right.
Right. Right above Taylor Swift.
&gt;&gt; Right above Taylor Swift. Exactly.
Awesome. Thank you for doing all this
work as you always do, sir. Appreciate
it. Uh capital efficiency is the name of
game. Tesla's about to turn on the
spigot. They're going to start spending
money. And the good news is we know
typically in the past they spend the
money in the right places and they
they're only going to do it right when
they're about to get the revenue in
place and that seems to be the case.
&gt;&gt; Thank you sir.
&gt;&gt; Thanks everybody.
&gt;&gt; Byebye.
&gt;&gt; I've created a website that is the most
comprehensive resource for the Tesla
investor. Please check it out. Simply go
to my website at herbond.com.