Channel:     brighterwithherbert
Title:       What Was the Biggest Tesla Earnings Surprise?
URL:         https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tBNKlqloTjg
Published:   2026-04-24 13:31 UTC
Fetched:     2026-04-24 14:00 UTC

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

As a Tesla investor, what in your mind
was the most important news that came
out of the earnings call? Whether it was
good news or bad news, despite the sheer
number of good news outweighing the
potential bad news, it seems the bears
took control of the narrative and not
helped at all by Elon's tone and mood.
For me, the most important is Cyber Cab
has officially started production and is
on track for volume production later
this year. Tesla Roboaxi is on track to
be in 12 states and the version 14
series is good enough for unsupervised.
Let's see what the others with us today
are going to say. We got the Bulls here
with us today. Okay, we got the power
bowl, the queen, Tesla Boomer Mama,
Alexander Mertz. We got the rationable,
also known as Mr. Incredible, the
executive Jeff Lutz, and today we have
the Financial Bull, also known as Nerd
Alert on X, the most accurate Tesla
retail analyst, Matt Smith. Welcome
everyone.
&gt;&gt; Hey there,
&gt;&gt; Herbert.
&gt;&gt; Hi, Herbert.
&gt;&gt; I know that there's a lot of discussion
we were having just prior to turning on
the recording here. Lots of people have
different opinions about what they saw.
So I wanted to talk to you three about
the earnings roller coaster. It went up,
the stock fell down, and after the call,
people have different opinions of what's
happening. So I want to hear from each
of you what you thought was good news
and what you thought was bad news. We
haven't heard from you yet, Matt. What
was your thinking?
&gt;&gt; The company and the product. I don't
look at the quarterly stock movement.
&gt;&gt; A very realistic bull questioning
certain decisions. It's the rational. We
enjoy listening to bears.
&gt;&gt; We're looking for the red flags. You're
supposed to react. It's just worth
reminding people how big this upside
opportunity is.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. So, um I I I think the the the
thing that stood out to me right away
was just the the quality of earnings.
So, you know, pretty significant beat
from expectations. I was on the higher
end of the analyst covering uh the stock
in terms of what the actual earnings per
share would be. Um and they they beat
that. Um and I think with pretty strong
quality of earnings as I think Jeff's
going to get into in a little bit here.
Um so the numbers themselves were were
pretty strong and that bodess well for
the future of the company. So um that
was uh kind of encouraging. I think
where it was actually kind of funny to
to listen to the earnings call because
uh Elon said in his opening comments
that uh we're going to be investing a
lot in the future and the stock's kind
of like okay yeah that's fine and then
when it got into you know the actual
capex figures the stock you know insta
dropped about $10. Um, so you know, I
think where the market is getting a
little concerned is all right, you know,
we're investing a lot right now. We've
got great visibility into what the costs
are going to be for for this uh, you
know, future of abundance that uh,
Elon's talking about. Um, but the
benefits of that are maybe a little bit
further away than um, the market or some
analysts or or some investors were
expecting. So I think that's the the
kind of core tension that a lot of
people are feeling with Tesla right now
is that okay we we believe we buy into
this vision of robo taxis of Optimus um
how transformative that's going to be.
Uh but it just seems like every six to
12 months our expectations from you know
the prior year just kind of get pushed
back a little bit in a little bit. And
um you know in this age of AI where uh
Claude or Anthropic is is shipping
something truly like amazing and
disruptive every week um Tesla just
seems to be moving at a little slower
pace. Now I think there's good reasons
for all that that we can get into. But I
think that kind of core tension between
short-term you know kind of delays at
least the appearance of delays uh while
still being optimistic on the long term
is something that I suspect a lot of
people are are uh dealing with that
right now. So, if you would be Elon, how
would you say it, Matt? Since you make
him So, go ahead.
&gt;&gt; So, Elon, how was yesterday's call?
&gt;&gt; I It's been so long since I've done the
Elon voice. I'm I'm I'm going to botch
it terribly. You put me right on the
spot.
&gt;&gt; Um,
&gt;&gt; do it.
&gt;&gt; Oh, this is terrible. I um Yeah. So, um
you know, the the future will be one of
um amazing abundance. Um I do think
money will uh be meaningless in the long
arc of time. Um but you know we will
have to invest um tens maybe hundreds of
billions of dollars uh between now and
then. Um I do think the company will be
worth hundreds of trillions in in the
long run. Um but we have to make sure we
don't die first. Um the woke bind virus
might kill us all. That the accent is
horrendous. It used to be a little more
on point. I really haven't done that in
a long time.
&gt;&gt; You just made the stock crash big time
at hundred billion dollars I spent
&gt;&gt; out the window. Cumulative.
&gt;&gt; Well, Matt,
&gt;&gt; in your intro, you said the word delay,
I don't know, five times. Tell me what
happened in earnest call that actually
has a new delay as of, you know, before
the earnings call and then after the
earnings call.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. So, so this is something we were
talking a little bit about before we
went on and I I I kind of disagree with
the framing of that question because I
think you're right that there's not any
new delays that were announced
yesterday. I I think where I'm coming
from when I use the word delay is if you
take my expectations and I've got them
because I build these financial models.
So, what was I expecting the company to
do in Q2 of this year and especially in
Q3 and Q4? I was expecting a very sign
significant ramp in uh robo taxis in in
2 of of 26 and I'm no longer expecting
that. Um I think it will continue to
ramp but not nearly at the scale that I
was previously projecting. So when I'm
talking about a delay, it really is from
you know the expectations that I had and
and I think frankly most bulls probably
had. I mean, if if somebody wants to go
back and pull tape from Cyber Bulls
from, you know, 9 to 12 months ago and
any any specific uh assumptions we we
all had about the the second half of
this year, I'm guessing anything that we
said back then would look a little bit
different than our expectations right
now. So, that's really all I'm I'm
talking about is, you know, the robo
taxi launch is taking a bit longer than
expected. Um, you know, Optimus unveil
was supposed to have happened. I I'm not
actually that concerned about that. I
think it's actually prudent for them to
not be sharing too many details. Um, but
the the big thing, you know, the big
catalyst that I was personally excited
about as the financial nerd that I am
was see starting to see the beginnings
of robo taxi expansion really hit the
bottom line in the second half of this
year. And I just don't think that's
going to happen yet.
&gt;&gt; Well, let me let me continue to have
this conversation with you about this,
okay? Because first of all this comment
that the biggest comment that I think
people should latch on is when Elon said
that we will not have meaningful
earnings until next year J 2027 not this
year. Okay. But for people to have had
thought that that we were going to have
meaningful robo taxi revenue this year
when we'd already had all of the delays
that was happening in 2025. You I had uh
Warren Redick on and he's the Ultra
Bowl. He was the one that was already
saying he's already pushed it to 2027
six months ago. That would have been
prudent to have made that decision back
then. Now, when you say that the number
of robo taxis is you're not you're
you're concerned it's a lot less.
&gt;&gt; What is your number and why?
&gt;&gt; So, I I don't have my model up in front
of me right now, but um if my memory is
right, it was something like, you know,
getting to scaling to about 100,000
units, might have been even even more
than that by by the end of the year. Um,
and I I just don't think we're we're
gonna get there. And I mean, even going
back to Elon's comments at some point
last year, I forget exactly when it was,
but he said something very similar to
the effect of um it's going to start to
have have um you know, um a somewhat
meaningful impact in the second half of
2026 and it'll have a big impact and on
27. Now, with these latest comments, it
sounds like we're going to start to see
the impact in 27 and maybe in 28 it'll
be, you know, like more like meaningful
like actually driving significant
earnings growth instead of just being
able to see it for a little bit.
&gt;&gt; Well, this is my point. He when he made
that, that was a long time ago and then
there was a lot of delays in 2025. You
or I had already moved my expectations
that there was not going to be
meaningful earnings this year. So,
nothing at all surprised me. all of a
sudden a a switch flipped last night.
Like you're absolutely right that over
the previous let's say nine months or so
um you know the expectations for a quick
ramp um I would say kind of consistently
degraded over time. Um, but back then I
I was saying um a lot that the the most
important metric for Tesla is the the
rate of improvement for FSD. And I was
very uh I guess excited, bullish about
uh how fast that rate of improvement was
going to be and it's just, you know,
it's it's slower than I previously
thought. It's still awesome. Like it's
still an amazing product and, you know,
I'm still on 14.2 and that still is
amazing and and honestly safer than I am
and I would love to sing his praises.
Um, so like not like suddenly becoming
some huge bear, but uh I think just the
expectations have have shifted gradually
and certainly wasn't all you know uh
last night. Like honestly I I was not
super negative on the call. I thought
the call was mostly positive to be
honest with you. Um so I'm not um trying
to nitpick anything at all that that
that Elon said. Um I think it all made
perfect sense and I'd actually come to
most of those conclusions um you know
earlier as as you're suggesting Herbert.
So
&gt;&gt; Oh good.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. And then Jeeoff you you Yeah.
share what your thoughts were.
&gt;&gt; I mean it was a mixed bag I think on the
call. Uh
there's something for for everybody. Uh
first off is what hap as soon as they
started talking about capex increasing
and and then going to free cash flow
negative as a result of it. You saw the
stock take a about a5 or $6 dip after
hours. So to me there's a sentence you
wrap around this which is in terms of
consumer products and physical real
world AI there isn't anything better
than the product we've shipped and oh by
the way it's grown 51% yearonear and
sequentially it grew 16% which is an 81%
annualized rate so we have a hit product
and it's it's being the adoption rate is
increasing therefore when we invest in
AI we invest in products or We invest in
a new factory to build a car. We've
built the number one selling car in the
world. So when Tesla invests your capex,
we return it and we return it and we do
a great job of doing that. I mean
there's just a sentence and they could
have also pre-announced uh the capex as
well. Um I think there is some fatigue
with investors. Remember when when
people comment when people are listening
to this call, there's investors of all
stripes. There's people that are buying
options for the same day. There's people
that have held the stock since 2012.
There are people that have held it since
for five years. There are people are
going to hold it hold it for 10 more
years. There are people are going to
hold it for 10 more days. So, you've get
this spattering of of people with
different time horizons. And then you
have people that listen to the exact
same call and the exact same words
coming out and they understand English.
All of us do. But we hear completely
different things. and we all come from
completely different backgrounds whether
it's technical, financial, uh you name
it, we we hear and understand different
things. So I was just going to go
through a couple of those things. Um and
you know the earnings quality came up in
terms of oh it was a big surprise on
cash was a big big surprise on gross
margins and I hear this commentary of oh
there's this they did this special
clawback for warranty. Well you know
what happened right? What happened is is
when companies make physical products,
they reserve money to for to deal with
the warranty returns on product. And
Tesla's quality and the cost per repair
are coming in much lower than they
expected. I mean, there's something on
the order of $8 billion in reserves for
warranty over a long time period. And
Tesla readjusted this by 230 million
this quarter. there may be more positive
adjustments coming in the future because
the products failing at a lower rate
than they anticipated. This is a really
good thing. Um the the the the uh the ZE
credits the Zeb credits were supposed to
be gone last year. I was told by the
Bears they were supposed to be gone and
there's 380 million of them this
quarter. And what people just don't
realize there's other countries that are
participating in this program. There's
still some roll off I think from the US
as well, but that that continues. So I I
don't I don't sure what in terms of what
to pick at here. And you got the the
gross margins in in energy at 39 12%.
And you've got uh really strong really
strong uh earnings performance. I would
say here's some things you can pick at.
There's you can go into any earnings
report on any company and you can pick
at anything at any one point in time.
But overall, I I I think there's a lot
of good things happening here. And the
auto backlog, I guess, is at more than a
2-year uh high. That's would put you
back into the 2023 at more than than two
years. And so I I just I step back from
this and like, okay, what is 2026 for
Tesla? 2026 for Tesla is is you are
you're a company that 847% of your
revenue right now comes from shipping
EVs. And you ship the number one selling
EV in the world in every region in the
world. That's a fact. You are starting
prod. You just started production on the
Cyber Cab, the the most iconic vehicle
and and sub $30,000 EV that that's out
there and that's changing how people are
going to view and and use
transportation. You're starting
production of a fully functional
electric semi.
and
you are starting production of maybe the
highest volume product in the world by
both by revenue and by units in Optimus.
So this is the Tesla portfolio. Then
layer uh vehicle and robotics autonomy
on top of that. This is the Tesla
portfolio. So now now it's a question of
well what's your time horizon? Were you
trading, you know, for something to
happen this week or next? Or these
things start production. That means
they're going to start producing revenue
this year and then they're going to go
up a path over the next, call it 6 to 12
months. That's a pretty short time
horizon. And that's why you saw a lot of
the notes overnight from the analysts
come out and say, okay, you know, we we
heard, you know, some different things
on this call, some very good. I didn't
expect Optimus to be starting
production, by the way, in July or
August. That was a bit of a a pleasant
surprise for me. So, like I said,
there's something for for everyone. Um,
the only thing I would say is, and I'm
not smarter than Tesla. Uh, I just think
from a a comm's perspective, I think the
engineering items are overcommunicated,
and the audience is extremely narrow in
terms of I love it. I think it's great.
I can listen to Tesla talk about tech
and their fac all day, but I think the
audience is extremely narrow. I don't
think there's a a need to be talking
about software architecture and
rearchitecting unless you have a
timeline that you want to staple to it
and say like this is what it means uh to
the business. And then finally, this
whole commentary about what is volume
scale, what does it mean? I mean,
there's clearly a decommitment and shift
to the right on robo taxi. Last year,
end of last year, multiple cities, half
of the US being covered. That was the
statement made by the company. And then
90 days ago, it was we're doubling uh
vehicle deployments every month. So, we
should be at 2,000 vehicles this month.
And now the guidance was pulled. So,
it's probably smart to not give
short-term guidance, especially in areas
where you're in unchartered territories,
and it's it's probably a smart thing.
So, I love the answer on Optimus in
terms of somebody asked what would be
the the rate of optimist exiting the
year. I love that answer because if I
were in his position and I've been in
that position where I have to give that
answer, you typically give a range
because there's so many unknowns
involved with starting a new product
like that. So,
you can't parse these things. There's
definitely some movement and there's
definitely some things to consider, but
it's really a mixed bag. And I you have
to go back and look at this thing called
uh how rare Tesla is and what other
company has this has the who is going to
make the best humanoid who makes the
best EV and who has the highest volume
autonomous solution out there for
production. There isn't another company
that makes all these things and a fully
functional electric semi and now this
this cyber cab. So you're like where do
you go? I mean that's that's I think
it's a choice or question uh for
everyone. Um, but anyways, that just
came to my mind after listening to
earnings.
&gt;&gt; Okay. Uh, I'll wait, but I want to hear
I want to drill a little bit more in
terms of when you said that there's
going to be uh they pulled the guidance
for, uh, what the target is for Robo
Taxi by the end of this year. Let's dive
deeper into that. Alexandria, what was
your reaction to the earnings call? Um,
I felt the mood not as enthusiastic as I
wanted to, but then afterwards I read
the whole transcript that CERN had
published and actually when you read it,
it was much less of a drama. So earlier
you asked delays of what? Well, I mean
there were two big promises by Elon. One
was the rate of doubling every month
robbo taxi fleet that suddenly seems to
now be more limited without actually a
clear number now. And then there was the
old promise that half of America
whatever right um by end of 2025 I think
we all didn't even believe that and I
actually stated so when we initially
discussed it on the other side I've been
now listening for six years to every
earnings call and at least one out of
two we come out like that we're like
okay we want I mean some of them are
just so overly optimistic that we all
get caught in the dream again and and
carry it forward.
And then some of them are just a certain
letd down and I agree with you Jeff I am
certainly not somebody that knows these
tech details and understands them. So
you sort of as an analyst financial
analyst for whom this should be but for
whom Elon never conceived this right
Elon is not doing the job that usual IR
departments do to actually
pander to financial analysts and make
this digestible for them. He does not he
never did and he will certainly not
start now. So all this to say the the
transcript was much more positive and
then there are two two or three other
elements in the 10 Q and yesterday that
actually made it a horrendously good
day. One was the confirmation of laws to
the fact that the 2500 limit as CERN and
as uh was had stated for a long time but
so many in the community didn't believe
it and I'm certain Wall Street didn't
believe it but that that 2500
certification limit doesn't exist
because it's self-certifying. So that is
out of the way now and that's great.
That's horrendously good news that just
came out. He must have done it 10
minutes before the earnings call started
because that's that was the timing it
came out. Um then there was um uh for me
a surprise that they started doing
provision for the 2025
compensation plan. So that is the one we
voted on in November and they already
set aside a billion. Okay, I mean we all
know that if this all works it's a
trillion, right? So this is 1,000th of
it. But it it also means that they
clearly anticipate that one milestone is
reachable because that is the rule for
it to be accounted. Right? If you if you
have a certain anticipation that this is
coming, you start provisioning for it.
It's not you're not just setting money
aside if you don't. So I want to recall
the on the milestones in market cap. The
first one is two trillion. Okay, fair
enough. We'll all be happy if it goes to
two trillion. But then it has to be
coupled with an operational milestone.
20 million cars, 1 million um Optimus um
I think it's 10 million FSD licenses. So
thinking that any of of those and then
ABL numbers, but I mean there again were
far to go. Um thinking that any of those
become sufficiently close to start
putting money aside.
Wow. I mean that was that was uh a good
good news. Um now of course there were
deferrals and delays and we had this
discussion prior to starting this show.
It it's Elon like I just said who had
those two statements out there that you
know guided us. But it's also YouTubers
who are doing these clickbait titles.
I'm looking at him but he's not looking
at me. Who um Oh, there he is. talk
about
&gt;&gt; who are who are managing these
expectations of Tesla investors who
watch these YouTube channels, right? If
you see all these titles that you know
Tesla is conquering the world and the
moon and and Mars and everything else,
you know, you do build up all of us, we
all build up too high expectations and
then he lowers them from time to time as
any good boss does so that there is
movement again in achieving them. Okay.
&gt;&gt; Okay. Well, let me let me address that,
I guess. All right. Sure. So, let let me
be very very clear about that. So, you
are saying that I am uh bullying just uh
creating these headlines because I'm
trying to do clickbaits because I want
money.
&gt;&gt; No, you just said right.
&gt;&gt; Enthusiasm.
&gt;&gt; Enthusiasm. Okay.
So, what I do is I what I do is I have
&gt;&gt; uh 80% of my titles are straight titles
that are just straight titles because
they're there to attract the regular
viewers. 10 20% of my titles I go for
clickbait. And by the way, what is the
definition of clickbait? Clickbait is
something where you actually don't
deliver what the title says. So, if you
actually deliver what it says, it's not
clickbait, but it is geared towards new
users. That's how I manage those titles.
In terms of what I do in my shows, since
you've brought it up, I bring in many
different viewpoints from different
people and I let them tell us what they
think. I've got people who say negative
things and I've got people say positive
things and then I will question what
sometimes I play the bear and sometimes
I play the bull. I do either side to
have the conversation going. So in this
particular earnings call, what I was
trying to get people to tell me is what
specifically did they say in the
earnings call that was actually the true
negative in terms of uh delays. Okay,
back to delays again. So if we go
through the actual uh list of what they
said, let's go through the most
important things for me, right?
CyberCap, robo taxi, and FSD. So
CyberCap.
Okay. Was there anything said about
CyberCap that was bad? Uh, it's in start
of production. It is on track for um um
volume production by the end of this
year. They actually showed videos and
and uh that
they did not say that we're going to
reduce the number of cyber cabs that we
want to plan or we're going to, you
know, purposely slow that down. That
that was not in any way mentioned at
all. So cyber cap seems to be on track.
So I'm just stating facts right in terms
of robo taxi this is where the debate is
where we're saying now uh there clearly
had not done the 50% growth so we've
already been reporting that every week I
don't know how many times we've already
said on the show that we're not doing
the 50% growth. Uh Jeff always brings it
up every time we have our show that
that's not happening. So that to me is
not a surprise that that didn't happen.
And then he explained why he was asked
why was 14.3 is 14.3 the last piece of
the puzzle. He answered yes it is the
last piece of puzzle but the issue is
the operational issues where you know he
gave the examples of it kind of like uh
you know right in uh the endless loop
those are the things that we're working
for and that's why we haven't gone to
mass scale.
Okay. When it comes to uh Robo Taxi
though, he did say that FSZ version 14
is safe and there's a series of uh
series of AR uh upgrades we're going to
do to 14 that will get us to
unsupervised by the end of this year.
So, we're on track for unsupervised by
the end of this year, which to me was
not a delay.
&gt;&gt; That's always been when I was expecting
it or in fact ahead of schedule to get
to unsupervised by the next year. Now
he's always said these things and I will
push it off to sometime in the future
but to me to be able to get to
unsupervised. Now he did say that we
won't go to scale uh until we have the
next ver like a higher version. Now this
is where the question is is he talking
about version 15 and what scale? But
they did he did say we're going to get
to 12 states. So, well, you're going to
have 12 states. You have the cyber cabs
in production and they're all going to
be used cuz they did make that statement
that the cyber cabs will replace the
Model Y's as the daily driver for the
robo taxis. So, what are we talking
about? Are we talking about 50 cars per
city and only one city in 12 states? Are
we talking about 500? He never explained
and he kind of said, "Depends on your
definition of scale." So, what was your
number, Matt? Like, how many cars did
you think was going to be in robo taxi
by the end of this year? Uh, when I was
asked, I never was one of those people
said 30,000 or 50,000 by the end of this
year. I was never thinking that cyber
cabs or number of cars in robo taxi
would be anywhere near that number. Now,
is it 5,000 or is it closer to 20,000?
We don't know. But if cybercab is in
production probably 15,000 something
like around that number will be out
there for tw for 12 states. So for me in
my perspective of what I was expecting I
didn't hear a delay. Now doubling yes
that was that never happened. Uh he was
pushing that 50% of the US states that's
not happening. That's not going to
happen by the end this year. So that's
what I'm trying to understand. Where did
you actually hear that there's an actual
delay in robo taxi?
&gt;&gt; Well, I mean I I think I was pretty
clear that um you know it's relative to
expectations and you know that's the
nature of someone who does financial
models is you have to put something out
there on paper and you're going to be
wrong. It's just a question of the
magnitude and the timing of the the
differences. So, um, you know, I I good
good on you if you were assuming lower
numbers, but, you know, I think the
reality is most of the market was
expecting this to to go a little bit,
you know, faster than, you know, maybe
you're you're claiming that you're you
were seeing you were projecting um, you
know, back then. So, you know, the the
thing that, you know, I try to think
about though is from a technology
standpoint, if you can do 10,000 or
30,000, like you should be able to ramp
up to 100,000 very quickly. Like, we
know they're not, you know, vehicle
constrained and as soon as the software
is good enough. Um, presumably they
could uh like cyber cabs should not be
the limiting factor because you've got
plenty of Model Y's lying around um and
you can you can really scale up. So I I
I do think and this was my suspicion for
a long time before Elon essentially
confirmed it on the call yesterday that
you know it the safety is not really the
issue. It's already safer than a human.
Uh although he did say that you know
they're maybe holding back a little bit
in terms of waiting for this you know
newer newer model. But like the bigger
issue is just operations. You know you
you if you've got a line of cars trying
to turn left and they're blocking
traffic because there's a you know an
obscure situation. um you can't scale to
50 or 100 thousand vehicles nationwide
if you don't have the infrastructure in
place to handle those. So I I think you
need some amount of infrastructure
everywhere you're going and then you you
really need the software to get better
at handling those um obscure situations
uh to to handle the logistics of it. So,
um,
you know, that seems like it should be
pretty quick. Um, or or at least once
they do solve that, it should enable
some pretty rapid scaling. And that was
really what was in the heart of my model
if I go back nine months ago to where my
my own assumptions were were too
aggressive is, you know, I assumed it
would take some time to, you know, get
to uh, version 14.3. And I I kind of
assumed that version 14.3 would solve a
lot of these problems that we're dealing
with. Well, turns out it doesn't. you
know, it it helps some. And it also
turns out that it took longer than I was
even expecting to even to get to 14.3.
So, now we need 15. And maybe there's
some other issues that you can solve
along the way with with a new iteration
of 14.3. Um, but, you know, I I think I
was certainly not alone in in kind of
expecting that um things would iterate a
little faster than than they have so
far. Um, but I'm like this is not some
huge like, oh, Elon screwed us over and
Herbert's being clickbait uh just to get
money. You don't need any money the way
Farzad's thrown around tips these days.
So, uh,
&gt;&gt; right.
&gt;&gt; I know. How do I get in on that? I I
need to I need to join these.
&gt;&gt; You were there yesterday in it. I shared
it with everybody.
&gt;&gt; Uh, I think No, this some of this
doesn't um Well, first off, we live in a
reality distortion field. We live in a
reality distortion field where Whimo is
perceived to be at scale. That's that's
what that's what's put out there by the
media. Like they're number one and Tesla
is chasing a company that put 3,000 cars
out.
Now to Elon,
I I if
I believe his idea of volume scale is
something with a million in front of it.
To be honest with you, he's talked about
it with FSD subscriptions before. He's
talked about it with other things. It's
worth clarifying. I'm speculating,
you're speculating,
but 50,000 to him may not be volume
scale. And that's what they may end up
do. We don't know what they're going to
end up doing. And the reason is is we
have goals and and we have um exit
criteria that's shifting and it's not
things are not nailed down. These things
could be knowable facts. It could be
articulated, for example, in in robo
taxi miles. It could be in miles per
city. It could be in miles per state.
This could be normalized in a way where
it's inescapable. But the fact is is
these objectives have not. And you and
if you ask people about their models,
well, if the CEO of the company says we
should be roughly doubling vehicles, you
know, starting, you know, in February,
now if you're modeling this, you could
shift that out two or three months and
say, I'm going to give them a two or
three month guard ban because, you know
what, stuff comes up and things happen.
But now there's there's that that
doubling monthly uh piece has not uh
been re-uped by the company. So now you
don't know what the new guidance is. you
just have a number of cities. Is is
Austin really launched at 45 cars and
weight times at peak that are make the
system unusable? Probably not. So, I
think there's a I think there's a
reasonable debate here of what is volume
scale, what is launch, what does it
mean? Uh I I'm not sure like putting two
cars into a city that I think to me
that's a trial that you get that's
that's on the path to launching a city.
It's not launch. So anyway, I think this
is debatable. I think this topic is
debatable and I think we need to
understand what Elon means because we
may all be saying the same thing like
they may they may get the 50,000 or
100,000 but that's not volume scale
maybe in Elon's mind given what he sees
the future with with autonomous travel.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. So this is
&gt;&gt; he did say he did say 90% right?
&gt;&gt; 90% of what?
&gt;&gt; 90 what? 90% of rides are in two-seater
cars and he thinks the cyber cap is
going to be the car.
&gt;&gt; He's talking about the future. Yeah. Of
how many of that they're gonna build as
many cyber caps as possible. So people
are going to hit me on the comments. I
know it already. They're going to
misinterpret what I'm saying. I am not
in any way saying that Tesla is uh
already scaled in all these cities and
they're going to hit the No. Okay. just
be very very clear what I heard him say
is that that he had promised right he
had promised that we're going to get to
doubling and all that he explained why
he said 14.3
uh we had this issue of the operations
it's not safety it's operation to me
that's good news this is solvable
&gt;&gt; it's still a decommitment
&gt;&gt; commitment explains it
&gt;&gt; yeah no I knew that like I said already
earlier that
&gt;&gt; no but I already said earlier that I had
already already understood that we were
not doing doubling each month. You
already can see that in the last 3 to 6
months. We already not getting we did
not hit the 2025,
you know, 50% of the population.
So, a clear decommitment because they
had a problem, but this problem is
solvable. And then he said we're going
to have 12 states by the end of the
year. Again, do you believe that? I
don't. Right. Uh but the key thing is
that 14.3 is going to get to
unsupervised that AI4 can get to
unsupervised
and you don't have to wait till AI5.
Cybercap is on production. Do you think
Jeeoff that they're going to purposely
uh try to you know slow roll the Cyber
Cab purposely if it wasn't something?
&gt;&gt; No, that's why I don't understand where
where you were coming from. Uh, if I
just respectfully responded like I only
thought they were going to do 5,000 or
something this year. I mean, if you
start a production operation for Cyber
Cab,
&gt;&gt; they should be able to do a lot this
year.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. I Well, some people were were
calling out 50,000 and like I was back
then people were going 50,000 I not
going to go.
&gt;&gt; Yes.
&gt;&gt; And I said Cyber Truck.
&gt;&gt; No, I know they they could. I would not
agree because cybercab is brand new
process, brand new, you know, all this,
of course. So, I'm not going to say that
they're going to I never said that
they're going to have 50,000 cyber cows
by the end of this year, especially if
they start in April. So, I was 15,000
maybe.
&gt;&gt; Okay.
&gt;&gt; But anyways, I think that's 15,000 too
many. Is that too many? Do you think are
they going to No, it's not too many.
&gt;&gt; Okay. So, is as you had said earlier,
15,000 too is too few. Yeah,
&gt;&gt; too few. But to him at scale is million.
We're not. So that's where I think
people misunderstood that and they go,
"Oh, that means that there we got more
delays." Did we?
&gt;&gt; Like I said, until we answer the
question of what is volume scale in
Elon's mind and we we don't know. All we
do know is there's not 2,000 robo taxis.
Uh and most of them are not unsupervised
in in April. And that's that was the J
that was the LA before this call
yesterday before 24 hours ago that was
the last commitment on at least the size
of robo taxi the number of cities I mean
if it's just going to put you know two
cars or 10 cars we don't know what that
means I really think they should
normalize the objectives into miles and
something like that something where we
would
&gt;&gt; we would know the the usage of the
system and and and a city there should
be exit criteria for a city to be
launched
a city should be launched when the wait
times go to X, the number of, you know,
the number of people that open the app
and actually can get a ride goes to Y%
and something like that. Um, but these
are all things that they could do in the
future. I think they've got problems.
They have technical problems they have
to work through these edge cases.
&gt;&gt; He explained it. That's my point during
the call. He explained why they did not
hit those numbers. Yeah. Okay. I'm not
trying to say I'm uh just to be clear,
I'm not trying to be going, "Oh my god,
that's the greatest thing of greatest
call." What I'm trying to hit back uh or
ask people who have come out of this
call saying delays,
companies in trouble. I'm like, "Okay,
well, let's go through it." Like you
said, Alexander, read the transcript,
read, look at the earnings call, look at
the positive things. We're auto sales is
back going up. Gross margin. So sales
gross margin FSD uptake is fantastic.
14.3
solves at this point no safety issues in
terms of um actual accidents. It's on
path to unsupervised. Now timing wise he
explained a delay because of the
operations issue. Is that solvable?
Sounds solvable to me that I we'll find
out if maybe I'm wrong. Maybe that is
such a big deal that it'll never be
solved at all. But sounded pretty good.
Cyber cab is on production. tailwinds
for across the board. Six things that
they named that are all have good
tailwinds and they're expecting a
fantastic year for so
&gt;&gt; yeah and waybuff has been extremely
constructive yesterday. Uh you know I've
been how often I've been critical of him
and I still think it's complicated for
non-English speakers to understand
everything but when you have the
transcript it's really he's ticking all
the boxes. is saying all the right
things even on the hardware three issue
which I think they did the right thing
but again could have packaged it it
nicer right because the good news was
was hardware 4 is sufficient for um full
self-drive unsupervised and um that was
just a buy sentence right that that I
found was not put at all to the value it
should have become and for hardware
three were to the point where yeah some
upgrades are possible. There will be
tradein vouchers for those who want to
trade in. And I also want to always
point out this is not for every Tesla
hardware 3 owner. This is for Tesla
hardware 3 owners that purchased FSD
outright and for them this is going to
be right. There are people who purchased
it at 2,000 bucks. There are people who
purchased it at 5,000 buck. There are
people that purchased it I don't know
what was the how 12 15 whatever enormous
number. So they will have individually
a compensation for that but not anybody
who bought just a hardware free car in
the same way that if you purchased I
don't know a Subaru 10 years ago you
can't go to Subaru and say now I want a
new one. I mean that that that just
wouldn't make sense. And I also invite
everybody, I'm not just talking about us
three, to sometimes
take the side of not only being a
shareholder wanting a high share price,
but you're a shareholder as the owner of
the company. And as the owner of the
company, there are sometimes some hard
decisions to be taken. You can't just be
hyper generous because it's cute to be
hyper generous. So you know think as the
owner and we are all fractionally owner
of u of this wonderful company and as
that many things make sense operational
delays happen if you construct a house
it never is on budget and it's never on
time so when you construct the most
consequential company in the world the
only one that can do physical AI well
things will get delayed and again I mean
I can only always bring to to you the
little details that they constantly
improve on the governance side and on
the the money management side and I mean
it's it's really incredibly good what
they are doing
but that is only a little fraction of
the true impact this company has and I'm
not even talking about the merger with
SpaceX and whatever which brings me to
one point what I found very surprising
so I think this was the Goldman Sachs
question uh on where are we on the terra
fab which was a question you
didn't sound like much. And he said,
"So, what are the different parties
bringing to the table?" And what he
meant, because he clarified it later on,
was, you know, Intel, what's Intel going
to bring to the table? You know, and my
god, Elon went into this rant of how
difficult it is to run this with two
boards and two companies and which
company's going to do this and which
company is going to do that and uh what
a headache. What a headache. What a
headache. And I mean, you all know
obviously my my solution with the
merger, but I do also believe he lives
it. I think he always wanted this merger
at least since a year because you have
all these continuous
quotes on converging, converging,
converging. But I do believe he's now at
a state where not having them together
is really annoying him. I mean, if you
run a company like that, having to worry
about corporate governance is the last
thing you want to do. The absolute last
thing you want to do. It's the headache
of that you don't want to have. And so
now suddenly you're trying to build in
America chips in such a new
revolutionary
manner with this smaller entity straight
away to test to to find new ways to you
know have the capacity of uh of seeing
how well they can produce before they go
into the bigger scenario. But
simultaneously building up both and then
you have to worry about corporate
governance. who says what on the board
and and you have to know there are
people that are on both boards so they
have to be excluded from these
discussion. I mean it must be such a
nightmare. I have no idea. And if that
Reuters article today is right, I hate
citing them, but here we are, saying
that the S1 filing that I've not seen
for SpaceX includes that the board of
Tesla does not need, let me get the
exact text, excuse me. Um,
that does not need to have a majority
independent board. So that means they
have what is called a controlled company
status. And that means that the majority
of the directors
who are in the on the board of SpaceX do
not have to be outside of Elon's friends
or Elon's family. Right? So I think you
just get to the point where you think I
want to be done with all that. I want to
have the possibility to work and
concentrate, you know, on the things
that are really changing the world and
maybe more than the world rather than
doing that. So when I hear people always
going to tell me, "Oh my god, Alexandra,
why are you for this merger?" Well,
because I feel his pain. Just trying to
report on it and trying to explain you
for the last five, six years everything
I've seen. Poof. I would want the
merger, too.
&gt;&gt; Well explained. Yeah, that that clip
that bit where he answered that perfect
example of why he wants the two
together. Yeah, you were saying that
right after as soon as he did that
clearly in order for them to work
together, you can't have asking
committees to permission to do something
you got to move.
&gt;&gt; For somebody who hates meetings, for
somebody who runs 140,000 employees
without meetings, trying to keep them
constantly on the innovation on the
innovation and now you suddenly have
these committees and people overlooking
the committees and checking the
&gt;&gt; Okay. Uh, one other thing just dropped
is the uh, Cyber Cab. The Cyber Cab,
they dropped this video of the Cyber Cab
looks like it's driving by itself
outside of Gigafactory, Texas there, you
know, and then there's no steering
wheel. There's nobody in the car. We've
seen that before that's out there.
&gt;&gt; And they changed Well, they changed they
revealed the finish, the final finish on
the vehicle, which is a a high gloss
finish, which is actually going to in in
in the world of making which is this is
considered a lower cost, lower tier
product. It's just going to make it look
more iconic, more rich, more desirable.
I don't think matte really works well
with lower no
&gt;&gt; um Matt, don't take offense to this, but
I don't think matte really works well
for inexpensive products. It to me it it
cheapens them. It's why you it cheapens
it more.
&gt;&gt; You're talking about me. Now I know what
you're actually saying. Okay.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; I thought you were saying I wouldn't be
caught dead in something that wasn't a
little little glitzy.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, this this looks I mean with the
with the the blade doors that that I
mean this thing you're going to want to
be seen in this thing. And I think Tesla
does have you know there's still there's
still a kind of a brand thing in some
areas that they've got to work through
uh both for awareness and just you know
preference.
uh and just with everything going on.
So, this is uh a really stunning
product. I think this product, if things
go well and just knowing how it's
manufactured, knowing the price point it
gets to at scale, this has an
opportunity to literally be I was
talking to somebody today of this. You
could be witnessing an iconic product
right right now like in its own time and
we may be looking back on this 10 years
saying this is where transportation
changed. So, um, anyway, it's a really
special product. It just is it was just
a a throwaway line of like, oh, we
started production of CyberCap in the,
uh, in the call, but it's a really huge
accomplishment team. I just I look at
everything in in in totality just like I
don't know of a company with a better
portfolio than what they have, and they
put up really really stellar numbers. Um
and in the you know this whole backlog
commentary what does that mean? Does
this mean that you know a they've got a
portfolio that people really like the
Model Y long and so forth and then just
the price of oil $93 a barrel. Is this
starting to it's typically not a a4
$50,000 car a primary driver but a
decision but maybe it is. So anyway is
there is this Q2 setup pretty
interesting right? you know, the energy
was lumpy. What if what if we get this
big bump in energy and then what is this
backlog and you did leave with 25 days?
So, you're going to burn it off pretty
quickly of inventory and really drive
into this backlog. I mean, so car-wise,
energy-wise, they could have a very good
quarter in front of us and just nobody
would have known it. Uh, unless you
really studied a couple of those lines
from the call. Um, but they could have
they could have uh emphasized that a a
little bit more. And then just clarify.
I mean, you should you can't have an
earnings call. There's probably a couple
million people that watch that earnings
call. And you really you can't have an
earnings call where there's this much
ambiguity of is is the cyber is the is
robo taxi on track or not? Or is there a
shift or not? Or what does it mean when
you're rearchitecting these pieces of
software? How long is that going to
take? And what's the timeline associated
with that? You really can't have that on
an earnings call. An earnings call
cannot be this much. There's too many
words. I'll just say it. There's just
like way too many words and it's it's
really got to be super direct because
again the what the company is doing is
just unbelievable. I can't find another
company with a portfolio better than
this.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Poorly done. Matt, one of the
sentences I heard him say about the mega
pack was that it actually is going to be
compressed sales in the future because
of tariffs and because of competition.
So it sounds like maybe mega packs is
not as a big hit that we thought. That
was the one part that I thought was
absolutely negative. Did I mishare that?
&gt;&gt; Um I I don't recall that one offhand, so
I'll I'll take your word for it right
now, but I mean that was certainly a bit
of a a disappointment on on the revenue
side. That was actually something that I
was pretty surprised by u because we we
knew deployments were down uh pretty
significantly sequentially and I think
that is explained by you know tariffs
and some of that that stuff that that he
spoke about there. But my kind of
working assumption was that um we know
the revenue recognition milestones are a
bit lumpy with um with mega pack. So I
sort of thought even though all right
actual you know deliveries might be down
a little bit but maybe the revenue
decline won't be quite as significant
because of this revenue recognition.
What we saw instead was actually revenue
um decreased sequentially almost exactly
with the sequential decrease in um in
deployments uh which is disappointing if
you're kind of expecting a you know a
more robust uh pipeline of of deferred
revenue being recognized over time. So
that was something that um gave me a bit
of pause and and made me I don't want to
say bearish but uh definitely a little
bit disappointed in ter in terms of kind
of expecting a future recovery. on on
the energy side. Um you know this is
something that um longterm I still am
extremely bullish on. Um I mean they had
40% gross margins nearly this this
quarter. Now a lot of that was kind of
one-time items as they discussed. Uh but
the point is you know there's a fair
amount that they can give back in price
to to kind of get deployments up. But
then you know it comes down to to
hurting earnings potential a little bit.
Um I'm not as concerned about this
because I I think um energy while
exciting and um I got a background in
energy and u absolutely love nerding out
on on this topic u but e even as it was
scaling to you know hundreds of of
gigawatts per year gigawatt hours per
year of deployments um my assumption has
always been that it's going to pale in
comparison to what's happening with
Optimus and robo taxi. So, uh, a bit
disappointing, but, um, not something
that really changes the overall story
from from my perspective.
&gt;&gt; He did say it was kind of a mixed bag.
He did say on a normalized basis, we
continue to expect energy compression
from here with increasing competition
and tariff impacts. So, that's what
&gt;&gt; yeah,
&gt;&gt; you were saying, Herbert, uh, as
previously discussed, tariffs in this
business can have an outsiz impact as
most of the battery cells are procured
from China. our order backlog for this
business is robust and we're doing our
best to uh to be build not just based on
existing demand but unexpected demand. I
also think what's happening in this
industry too is a lot of a lot of demand
has shifted to longer duration storage
and you know this is still I think sub
4h hour 2 to four hour uh storage. So
that could be something else that's
happening. This is where Mega Blok comes
in the Houston product and and and they
start producing a longer duration
storage product. They also have to bring
up this LFP capacity. 7 gawatt hours is,
you know, for the US they they they've
got to do more. I think they have this
plan with the GM the former GM uh LG
plant to to add to that, but that wasn't
I don't think that was that made it to
the list yet. So, u there's a number of
things they have to do, but I still
think it's going to be a good business.
&gt;&gt; So, yeah, battery packs was the limiting
stop, right, Jeeoff? But then they they
made it sound like they got a plan.
&gt;&gt; Well, you always have a plan. Uh the
question is is when does the plan the
question I always used to ask my team or
I used to ask myself is when does supply
equal demand? When do those curves
cross? We don't know the answer to that.
And so yeah they are li they're limited
they're not limited on cells. They said
they're specifically limited on packs.
So that's module assembly and pack
assembly which I actually found kind of
strange. That should be something that
Tesla should be able to bring up pretty
quickly. So they may be getting hit with
some unexpected demand to be honest with
you. I don't know how I don't know why
else the short in the battery supply
chain loop the shortest duration capex
to bring up which means it has the least
amount of lead time from when you order
it to when you bring it online is the
assembly stuff. So I don't understand
why they don't have it other than maybe
they got hit with unexpected demand.
&gt;&gt; But then you guys heard that they're
hiring more people in Giga Berlin
because they're increasing car sales,
car production. So across the board,
they're increasing car production. They
wouldn't do that if they didn't think
that they can solve this issue. Correct.
Yeah. No, it's a solvable issue. It's
just a question of timing. It's not
rocket science.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Okay. So, what was from your mind,
the panel here, what is the worst news
that you heard yesterday? The bad news.
So, I think Jeeoff, did you say
something like you thought that the robo
taxi was pulled back or they didn't give
a guidance? Right. Well, the guidance
the I Okay, it's good and bad because
the short-term guidance wasn't good. So,
what I've been saying for the last 90
days is you really have to be good at
your short-term guidance because that's
where you build a lot of tremendous
credibility and that's what people are
are looking banking on. And so, when
they pulled it, uh, well, what does that
mean? Uh, so, but then they they put out
targets for the end of the year. Um and
even on the even on the unsupervised he
didn't say we will hit this by the end
of the year. It would the answer was if
I had to guess it would be this.
&gt;&gt; Okay. And then Alexander what was the
worst news that you heard?
&gt;&gt; I don't know what the worst was. I just
felt all the time that he is already
hoping or managing in his head the two
entities together SpaceX and and and so
I felt that
there was a lot of preparation for that
a lot of I'm not going to be precise
there will be a news at one point and
after that we can be precise again so I
felt there was this delusion of anything
that is c that was currently mocking or
or where people had the feeling that
understood what the guidance was. No,
no, no. Take this away. We're guessing
time. Oh, I don't remember in Europe. Is
it May? Whatever. Everything was
diluted. And so this delusion feeling, I
mean, you know how I'm stubbornly now
believing this uh merger of equals will
happen in July. Um, and for me, it was
just all these puzzle pieces that I
couldn't explain. They just fit in
there. Now granted, we all hear what we
want to hear, okay? So I'm I'm certainly
not neutral in this in this story and
I'm always saying I actually don't know
anything. This is just my speculation.
So I want to make sure again that
everybody hears that. But I I find
myself
more confirmation
to my theory.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, I I'm all on board. I think all
three of us, right? I actually we don't
know yours, Matt. Are you believing that
SpaceX and Tesla will merge?
&gt;&gt; Yeah, I I I do think they will. Um I I
may be less um aggressive on on
timeline. Uh you know I I kind of think
it's more likely to happen next year. I
just think these things are these things
are complicated under the best of
circumstances. And this is uh as Elon
was very eloquently describing yesterday
a very um messy uh process when when you
got to you know all these these board of
directors and you know the overlap and
making sure everything's done at arms
length. um you know if it's that hard to
you know just handle something you know
like a um a common transaction like an
an investment in um you know this new
terapab
complicated is it going to be when
you're combining the ent the equity of
all these companies and like you know
Elon's comp plan and all the different
nuances that that need to be updated um
you know if if these companies combine.
So I I just think it's going to take a
bit longer but I do think that they're
they're going to combine. Sorry to
interrupt you and I know it's Jeff's
turn to to say that, but once Jeff is
done, can we please come back to what
they what I just found out in the 10 Q
for his compensation plan because I
think that's another stone in my wall.
&gt;&gt; Go ahead.
&gt;&gt; Okay. So, the 10Q this morning came out
and it had a whole chapter on the
compensation packages and I said, "Yeah,
yeah, I mean it's always the same
because they have to reiterate where
they are and whatever." No, to my big
surprise, they had actually a big board
meeting not including Elon and Kimble
where they decided what will happen well
with the different compensation
packages, but it really concerns 2018.
So, give me two minutes because it's a
bit complicated. We had in 2025 an
interim award of 96 million shares with
which he could vote. Remember we had a
lot of giggles about this that he could
actually vote with these 96 million
which was the plan B if Delaware would
not if we would not win Delaware. We won
Delaware. So they were still floating
around and today he gave them back. Why
today? Because two days ago they decided
the board decided that the 2018 package
in its original format is now valid.
Delaware is over. The no appeals
anymore. This is the old compensation
package. 2018 is the one that is the
basis and we can throw out this plan B.
Now the 2018 package was one where the
options needed to be exercised by
January 2028 and there he could sell
shares and he was free to do you know
with these shares what he wanted and
everybody expected that he would sell a
significant amount of these shares for
his tax obligations. Okay. So there was
always this cloud that the bears were
hanging over us and h you just wait
until he has to exercise his options
because it's so much and it's going to
drag us all down and blah blah blah and
will he do that before your stupid
murder Alexandra. I mean I can't even
tell you how much I'm taking heat for
all this. So anyway, not complaining. So
what they did special committee
uh Kathine Wilson Thompson and Robin
Denholm came up with a plan and said
look what
first of all Tesla will help you in
the exercising of those options but they
will not give you tradable stock. They
will give you restricted stock that has
to be held for five years.
So we're now suddenly having that the
bulk of it cannot be sold until 2033.
Now I am no tax specialist but JC is and
he just did a post saying it may
actually be that then in 2028 it's not
even a taxable event that the taxable
event is now pushed back to 2033. That
needs to be clarified. I don't know yet.
But in any case, Tesla put in place that
they will compensate with him on the
sale if there has to be a sale for
taxes. So this is by far not going to be
the shock that the bears were hoping
for. And on top of it, the whole
remainder he has to hold for another
five years. So that is 2018. This is
excellent news for the shareholders,
right? Because this is just taking the
whole air out of that argument. Then
there was this interim um award 2025. It
got reimbured today. We have the SEC
filing form four that's gone clean and
then we have 2025 the compensation plan
and that one they reiterated it has the
milestones the 12 milestones and all
that so that one doesn't change so I had
questions I just did an article a short
video on the 2018 and they said well
what happened to those milestones well
those milestones have been for a long
long time attained he attained them
before 2022 very quickly and they have
been accounted it for that was one of
the risks we had if Delaware would win
that we would by reinstating it have all
these additional charges accounting
charges that's all we've paid for it
it's all good the only person that has
not paid yet is Elon his taxes when he's
exercising him or vesting we'll see when
that happens so that one nothing changes
and if there would be a merger nothing
changes either okay this is
it's all done now and the fact that it's
restricted stock. the restricted stock
could become the new entities restricted
stock at the then conversion rate which
I think is one to one but we'll see and
then we'll see what happens but there is
no change in the definition of the
milestones in those dates anymore this
is good now and this is going to be very
smooth and we had this danger this dark
cloud is gone okay
&gt;&gt; that's great yeah thank you for
explaining that because
&gt;&gt; yeah there there the people will hear
something and then they will go and hit
it hard and then you have to explain
what actual fact is this is what
happened. Yeah,
&gt;&gt; it's kind of breaking news.
&gt;&gt; Okay, let's do uh quick fire questions
and this is basically what happened
after the earnings call. Auto margins I
think impressed everybody a lot of
people 21% and then I think 19% x gross
x uh what what am I saying? Uh and then
auto margin is it going to sustain or
revert or grow? I I'm gonna jump in here
and reject the premise of this and and
uh give a detailed answer to the to the
quick questions. So, apologies upfront,
but one of the things that I think a lot
of people haven't uh grappled with is
the fact that you've got um the one-time
kind of um significant earnings benefit
of an upfront FSD sale, that's going
away now. Uh and so if you think of what
happened that they were talking a lot
about this quarter is that you had a
significant uptick in FSD subscriptions.
Now, they actually call uh true FSD like
outright purchases. Uh they record those
as subscriptions in their documents. Um
so going forward, that won't matter
because they really all will be
subscriptions. Um but I think a good
chunk of the um growth that we saw in
FSD subscriptions was people saying,
"Oh, this is my last time to buy. I
better rush to the, you know, to get
it." And so, you know, just to give you
an idea of the magnitude, if you had
like around 38,000 or so people, which
is, you know, close to a 10% take rate
on on deliveries, maybe it's a little
more, maybe it's a little bit less. I'm
not sure. Um, but if if you had around
that that number, then that's a $300
million benefit um in terms of uh your
um your kind of one-time uh benefit to
earnings per share. And that's going
away. that that's on the same kind of
order of magnitude as the uh credit
sales that we're getting. So, um that I
think will be a bit of a headwind, but I
I do suspect that that's going to be
more than offset by having the the
plants, you know, more utilized going
forward. U you're going to continue to
see FSD subscriptions um tick up. That's
going to be much less of an impact
because that's, you know, over a much
longer duration. Um, so I mean just to
give you an example, if you had 1
million subscribers, which you know
they're only about 10% of the way there,
um, over three months, one quarter,
that'd be 300 million of of income. So
you need to like 10x the um, uh,
subscriber base to get to the same kind
of one-time benefit that we're get
getting from the FSD uh, outright sales.
So, that's going to be a headwind for a
while, but I do think that will be
offset just by the the fact that we've
got um some some benefits in in higher
utilization going forward, assuming we
have higher deliveries. Um,
&gt;&gt; holy this is a long answer.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, I told you I was going to reject a
&gt;&gt; trying to sound like me.
&gt;&gt; Herbert said he wanted me to talk more,
so I I just assumed that meant never
stopped talking.
&gt;&gt; Well, this is good information. I didn't
realize that. So, what
finish it?
&gt;&gt; Yeah, finish the thought. I I mean that
that really was you know about the the
extent of the thought. I mean that that
is you know so this is something that
I've always modeled separately where the
FSD purchases versus subscriptions and
you know before there were subscriptions
you know just purchases Tesla's never
disclosed that. So I think most people
just don't model it out separately but I
think it's key to actually understanding
Tesla's margin. So that's I've always
modeled it out this way. um and you know
that going away I think is going to be a
uh meaningful but not you know massive
uh impact to the to the company's
financials. So I I do suspect that we'll
see a deceleration in the uh reported
subscriptions going forward. I don't
think that should alarm people. Um but
also by the same token I think maybe you
shouldn't be as excited about the um
absolutely massive increase that we saw
in subscriptions quarter over quarter.
Uh, I think it really is just people
rushing to to buy this while they still
can.
&gt;&gt; But although I I'm sorry, I'm Did I miss
everything? Auto margins is separated
line item from the FSD numbers. The FSE
shows up in services now.
&gt;&gt; No. Uh, the robo taxis shows up in
services, but the FSD sales show up
within automotive gross margins.
&gt;&gt; And then wouldn't that go up over time,
especially with the adoption? Um, so I I
think you're going to have a you know,
if you if you kind of could chart FSD
revenue inclusive of one-time sales and
subscriptions, you know, I think it has
been kind of ticking up. I think when
you get rid of the onetime sale option,
you're going to kind of lose that
onetime benefit and then we'll kind of
continue.
&gt;&gt; You'll see a drop.
&gt;&gt; There's going to be a stair step down
and then we're going to continue going
back up.
&gt;&gt; There you go. Perfect answer. Okay.
Should we move on? That was a perfect
answer already.
&gt;&gt; I got 10 more minutes on it.
Uh, what's your Optimus 2026 production
volume expectations?
&gt;&gt; I don't care as long as I get one who
does my ironing finally.
&gt;&gt; No,
&gt;&gt; he said it won't happen till next year.
But then he did he he punted on this
one. He said it's impossible to know,
right? Isn't that the one he said this
to?
&gt;&gt; It is. Yeah. And and it is because I
mean Jeff explained it so well when you
are doing a completely new product
already. If they're doing the
turnaround, how many days he said he
they're trying to change the lanes?
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Three or four months. I mean this
I
I was surprised to hear the July August
start time frame but that also leads me
to believe that one of two things are
happening here. Uh
I've I think this is I could be totally
wrong but if I were Tesla and my my
engineering still in the Bay Area and I
have this production factory in Fremont
that's going to do a million a year.
This feels like the introduction of new
versions of Optimus. And so typically
what you would have in a in a production
factory like this and you're building a
smaller object that's not a car. It's a
smaller object. This is between a kind
of a smartphone and and a car. Optimus.
Lot of complexity though. Um you would
have a smaller line. So you'd have a
line that is capable of producing a
production product, but it doesn't have
as much capacity on it. So, it can't do
a lot per hour, but and it would be it
would be smaller because there's not as
much capital on the line, but you can do
maybe this will be building Optimus
version 4 in, you know, later this year.
That's my point. My point is that this
line's coming up this quickly, it feels
like to me they're going to build a
smaller line and then a bigger million
unit line in parallel and bring them
both up. But I could be wrong. This
could be this. They could build the
million. They could they could be
building into the footprint of the
million unit line, but just do a smaller
version and then expand it out to the
million. That's what I think they're
doing. And maybe this is too much
information for a quickfire. Um, but
just a couple thousand.
&gt;&gt; I love it.
&gt;&gt; Uh, it is odd though that he did say
5,000 humanoid robots last year and then
now it's impossible to know.
&gt;&gt; So, I I'll just I'll actually make it
quick this time. My my model shows
3,000.
&gt;&gt; Seems like a reasonable guess. Haven't
changed it.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. They'll build thousands. I mean,
thousands of of these robots and what
they're going to be capable of, I
actually think it's going to be a pretty
compelling thing. And knowing that they
have a million unit line coming up and a
10 million unit line coming up. I mean,
this is I mean, this is going to be
pretty substantial.
&gt;&gt; Okay. Uh, when does Robbo taxi become
material re uh material revenue?
&gt;&gt; Define material.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, Matt,
&gt;&gt; I'm just looking at looking at my model
again and and I'm I'm not sure I've
really gone through with a a fine tooth
comb on on all these assumptions, but um
you know, from a gross margin
perspective, um you know, Q3 of next
year, I I have it crossing a billion
dollars of gross margin. And and to me,
that's when it becomes material. You
know, hundreds of millions is is nice.
you know, that's starting to to make a
real impact. Well, crossing to a billion
is when you get like the real bullcase
of, okay, this is getting to scale. Um,
so that that's my my estimate.
&gt;&gt; Now, this is material revenue. Some
people are using material free cash flow
and there they think I think Joe Bacti
thinks 1,800 robo taxes is enough to
have a material free cash flow.
&gt;&gt; But yeah, depends on what you're
measuring, Alexandra.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, I have no opinion about it. I I
just want it to happen.
&gt;&gt; You just want one. You want a bot and
you want a robo taxi.
&gt;&gt; I want a bond and I want to run a robo
taxi fleet and then just sit there and
watch them come home in the evening.
That would be wonderful.
&gt;&gt; Capex payback and free cash flow
pressure. Alexandra, this is right up
your alley. So, do you think it was
Yeah. Yeah.
&gt;&gt; Now, I there I have a couple of
questions here. I completely understand
we're going from 20 billion to 25
especially after the announcement this
morning that we bought I don't know what
for two billion acquisition so that's
already two gone. What I don't
understand and I mean I do understand
that this is not just a linear thing it
but we were expecting negative free cash
flow in the first quarter and the
overall expectation was that 4 billion
of the then 20 billion would have been
spent of the first capex right and in
the end only two and a half billion so
there were 1.5 billion less copics spent
and we had um less operating expenses
expenses and more revenue. So, we had
free cash flow of 1.4. Glorious times,
but glorious times in this scenario
where okay, we couldn't spend as much
yet as we're planning to spend. We want
to spend so much this year and so much
more in the future. Okay. So, I mean
it's great. I was you were live there. I
was the first number I jumped on is my
gosh 1.4 billion free cash flow. But
then it is true as well. If you haven't
spent this much, well then again, it
came from three sources. So, no no
complaints there. So, if you have 25 for
the full year and you've already spent
only 2.5, you have another 22.5 billion
at least to spend. And so, if my
calculation is right, that's about 7 and
a half billion per quarter if it would
be linear through. And if that is the
case, there is no way. Let me just put
it back with two and a half billion this
quarter and good results. We had a 1.4
billion free cash flow. So if we now
suddenly triple
the copex to 7 and a half, there is no
way we can have free cash flow, right?
So that's just it. Set your expectation
to that. We're having five billion more
per quarter. We only have 1.5 or 1.4
billion free cash flow. So it will be at
least 3 and a half to 4 billion
negative. Okay, we're sitting on 44
billion. So this is going to melt down.
Now they have no debt. They are not
using well no debt. Let me explain that
they are not using at all the credit
line for 5 billion. They have it's at
zero. It's in the 10k. They are having
their structured debt which is some
assetbacked car loans, some assetbacked
car leasings. this China operation debt
that renews I think it's end of the year
beginning of next year at a very low
interest rate 2% or something like that.
So the way the little debt they have, I
think it amounts in total to 7 billion,
but it's all linked to assets, right? So
it's not as if you're just throwing out
money and and it's operating operating
money. So the there's currently no debt.
There's 44 billion of cash. My little
calculation said that with seven and a
half, if it would be constant, you get
to at least three and a half, let's go
for four billion negative free cash
flow. You can have you can melt it down
to 32 maybe even to 30. You don't need
to go into debt. You may choose to go
into debt. You have the facility open
for five billion if you need it but you
don't use it at the moment. So is there
any worry on financial stability? Is
there any worry of do they need to raise
capital? There is none. There is none.
Zero. One other wrinkle I'd throw in
those calculations is, you know, their
production exceeded deliveries by 50,000
vehicles this quarter. So if you look at
the kind of free cash flow impact of
that mismatch, that's about 500 million
to the negative. So as that normalizes
out in future quarters, you know, you
won't have that headwind that'll, you
know, make your numbers that you just
said look even better. In fact, the
other thing is the other thing is do we
now do every quarter a billion of set
aside
into escrow of the potential first
milestone of the 20 25 compensation
package. Again, if the merger happens,
the whole thing is going to be
&gt;&gt; That's not a expense though, right? So,
&gt;&gt; exactly. It's not a cash expense, but it
obviously goes on the
&gt;&gt; So, I just interviewed Brian Wang, and
he was thinking he calculated that the
capex loss every quarter, and I totally
think that we're going to have negative
free cash flow as well, but he thinks
that the increase in auto sales and the
increase in FSD could offset some of
this.
&gt;&gt; Well, I I pushed back on the FSD thing
earlier, so
&gt;&gt; Yeah, you did. I cut against that, but
&gt;&gt; Okay.
&gt;&gt; And I mean, it was Q1. I mean, usually
it's the the weakest quarter of all, so
whatever. But and it's not going to be
linear, but I just what I liked about it
for once that we have the clear
expectation. Nobody is expecting
positive free cash flow. Yesterday, it
was a good surprise. If we would have
just no earnings call, everybody would
have been happy. So the the the
expectation is set for negative free
cash flow. And that's a good place to
be. I'm rather somewhere where everybody
expects a good negative free cash flow
and then there may be some good
surprises than the other way around and
people haven't expected it.
&gt;&gt; So I have a question. So when Tesla's
adding these cyber cabs to the fleet, it
that's treated as capex,
their own fleet.
&gt;&gt; No, it's an asset, right?
&gt;&gt; Well, it it'll depend on how they um
how their accounting policy works. I
well I I suspect they'll they'll they'll
do capex and say, "Okay, this thing has
a fiveyear useful life." I mean, that's
the reality. May maybe you go a little
more aggressive and say it's three, but
if if I were in charge of accounting
policy, to me that would just be the
thing that makes the most sense. You you
capitalize it. Um and these things I
suspect are going to have like a
one-yearish payback. So margins should
be like cash cash on cash payback. Um,
so the the gross margins when you're
reporting this on a on a gap basis will
be phenomenal. Um, once you get to the
point where you've got the safety
monitors out and you've got scale and
all that.
&gt;&gt; This is a great question, Jeff.
Actually,
&gt;&gt; this is a great question.
&gt;&gt; We need to find the answer to that.
&gt;&gt; To me, it wouldn't make any sense to
expense it, though. Like, if you've got
these assets out there, that would be
um, yeah,
&gt;&gt; a super conservative policy that would
also be like somewhat disjointed from
just like the logical way you'd think
about accounting for these. So to I I
think you would assume that they'd
capitalize it and that makes earnings
look better.
&gt;&gt; Well, that could be where a lot of the
capex could be going too. So it's be
interested to see how this ramp goes.
&gt;&gt; Well, let me give you the details
because I just read that half an hour
ago until I got into this whole
compensation package. They detailed it
very well. So this is page 16 of the
10Q.
Um
so AI infrastructure new quarter 7.6
six. So, so it's a total of 43 in total.
And the increase is about 1 billion in
machinery, equipment, vehicles, and and
office furniture. About 3/4 of a billion
in land and buildings, about 0.9 billion
in AI infrastructure for a total of 7.7
now. a little bit into tooling u 200
million into lease hold
200 billion into computer equipment
hardware and software and nearly a
billion in property plant and equipment.
That's where we are.
&gt;&gt; Interesting.
All right.
&gt;&gt; All right. Thank you guys. Power panel.
Appreciate you. Alexandra, Jeff, and
Matt, good call today. Thanks everybody.
&gt;&gt; Thanks Herbert. I've created a website
that is the most comprehensive resource
for the Tesla investor. Please check it
out. Simply go to my website at
herbalm.com.