Channel:     jobhakdi
Title:       Cybercab LAUNCHES - Will Tesla Stock Follow?
URL:         https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1cbt3m9-Fpc
Published:   2026-08-18 15:13 UTC
Fetched:     2026-08-18 18:00 UTC

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

If you follow the story of AGI and
embodied physical AI, then you probably
know all about robo taxi and this
tremendous tremendous inflection point
for human transport, maybe even for
goods transport that is autonomous robo
taxis. What is happening is that some
people believe like me that you soon
very soon within six months will have
thousands and thousands and thousands of
truly autonomous robo taxis roaming
around the United States and then very
soon Europe and China and that all of
them if they're truly autonomous will be
Teslas because Whimo the only competitor
is not really autonomous as everyone
knows cannot scale they have weird
lighters built that create big problems
for autonomy and intelligence and only
Tesla has theoretically the technology
to do this but of course you know the
debate some people say it's all not true
some people say if they have it why
don't they roll it out and all of us
were wrong all of us in the Tesla
community were wrong saying that Cyber
Cap starts rolling out in April in May
in June and CyberCap is this beautiful
special car that you know probably all
out. No steering wheel, no controls,
just the car.
And now yesterday,
yesterday late ET Eastern time,
Tesla actually announced that thing.
Actually, it was at 2:37
a.m. my time here in Europe. So that was
6 hours back. What is that even? It is
like 10 8:30
or something Eastern time. Tesla
announced something extremely exciting.
Ride in Robo Taxi through 8:23 23rd of
August, which is not much longer from
now, 5 days for a shot to attend our
what? Cyber cap launch event. More
rides, better odds. So Tesla Robotexi
elaborates that the official Robbo taxi
account by Tesla must complete right
before 11:59 p.m. on 8:23. Winners will
be announced by 8 a.m. on 8:25.
Huh, I wonder why these dates matter so
much. Something big is happening. They
want to launch Cyber Cap commercially.
This is not just geeky stuff. It is
fundamentally important for the stock.
for the stock because everyone at this
point has given up hope that anything is
happening at any time soon. You saw the
giant stock drop after earnings.
Everyone believes that this whole robo
taxi story, this entire story of Tesla
changing the world and rolling out
autonomous transport is kind of not
true. It has indefinitely delayed. There
are all kinds of conspiracy theories.
They are holding back Cybercap rollout
because of the potential SpaceX merger.
This is all not happening. And now, and
I said it before, watch my video from
last week where I said I am getting very
bullish on Tesla. And I explained it
why. Number one, we are ridiculously
low. This stock is ridiculously low
because we are better company in every
possible respect, but we are down
tremendously from all-time highs. Look
at this year to date. And that's not
even from alltime highs. We are down 25%
year to date. Are you kidding me? And
that's not even from all-time highs.
Alltime highs are up here. End of year
was down here. End of year is 400.
What is this? January 2nd, January 31st.
449.
That is end of year performance, but
all-time highs were at 488.
So we are down more than 25% from
all-time highs in December last year.
Even though the company is in much much
much much better shape, the core
business is totally totally coming back
strongly. We just heard today 500 semi
trucks have been, you know, pre pre-sold
or whatever. The energy business is
going through the roof. But the most
important thing, Roboaxi, yes, it's
delayed, but are we closer than ever
before to the actual launch? Of course,
everyone knows it. And so this company
is cheap. Number one, my first reason,
especially after this insane earnings
drop, I got out before I had a video
right on that Wednesday when the
earnings were before the earnings. I
said, "Unfortunately, I'm out of Tesla
more or less." I kept the tiny little
thing because I don't trust these
earnings. I don't like it. The whole
setup was horrible. And guess what
happens? Boom. And I went in back a
little late maybe, but here at 3:25
roughly, new entry point for
reestablishing the core position. And
since then I'm saying we need to go back
to 370 even if nothing happens.
That is the general setup that I like
about here. We are going back to 370
just to close that stupid gap here. That
was part of the Ashen Brena panic attack
of the market here. The depth Ashen
Brena destroys the entire market or King
Griffin who knows Citadel whoever is in
whoever is at fault. Maybe the Koreans
borrowing too much money. the entire
momentum stock play was getting
destroyed and Tesla in the middle of it
of course not as bad as micron but
pretty bad and then I said it's over
obviously and we are going back to where
we belong which is at least 370 380
that was before anything was happening
but now
this year is happening we are launching
cyber cap and the whole x is full of
everything and when I look at the actual
thing.
Uh the actual thing here's my little
joke thing that NASDAQ is now trading
247. No sleep for us. Uh
I actually posted this in response to
Genma who's very smart. Genma was
commenting on the whole thing and I said
given this whole situation there are two
failure modes we have to avoid. The two
failure modes are failure mode number
one ignoring that cyber cap is
launching. That's very dumb. There is no
way in hell the odds that this being a
positive catalyst
are close to 100%. There is no way in
hell this launch will not affect the
stock positively. We're got getting into
today's stock performance of course in a
second, but there is no way this is not
a positive catalyst for the stock. No
way in hill.
Failure mode number two on the other
side of the spectrum. Thinking Austin
will be flooded with cyber caps and then
the United States September 1st in like
two weeks is stupid. It will be slow as
always and cautious. So the truth is
somewhere in the middle. Is it a
positive catalyst? Absolutely. There is
no way this does not affect the stock
positively.
At the same time, can we expect massive
rollout? No. We know how this goes. It's
for for employees first. They already
explained this. It's for employees first
and then right away a few days after for
the public,
but it will be a positive catalyst
because having these golden cyber caps
running around, driving around without a
steering wheel with passengers in there
with no safety driver is a signal that
will not be overlooked by the market.
Okay, so that's what we have to play
out. Why am I so bullish on this whole
setup? It is a combination of the
technicals and where the stock is today.
This thing, this baby is going up. I
already put on a little bit more
aggressive of a position, but I'm going
to take it slow. I'm fading it in.
There is just no way this is not
positive. Um, we are way too low. And
the combination, and that's what we have
to take away here from Pine Alpha, from
my little trading strategies that I
share with you guys. uh there is just no
way let's get back to the stock
that the combination and that's how I
think about it the combination of these
two events now the second one coming
increases
my already high confidence that this
stock is on a tear up to 370
do I think we could go much much higher
than that now yes I think that is
possible is my confidence high this
happens no is my confidence now higher
than even before that we are not going
down. Yes. So the game I am playing here
is that I'm increasing my risk on Tesla
because I think the risk has now just
decreased significantly that we are
going down. That means we are going up
but not down. How how much we go up I
don't know. For me this is a very nice
shortput double down strategy. Don't
copy me. This is all very dangerous. You
have to watch it.
So in a nutshell my take is was before
we are going back to 370 quickly.
Now my take is we are going back to 370
quickly at an even higher confidence
level which means we have a little bit
of a goldilocks moment in my opinion
right now that the odds of this thing
not going to 370 in the next 3 weeks
are exceptionally low. And whenever the
odds for something are exceptionally low
or high, you know what to bet on. And I
always explain that when it comes to my
kind of option strategies, which are not
options trader typical strategies. These
are directional bets. I'm trying to
first develop my conviction, then put a
risk tag on it. What is my conviction
level here? And if it's very high, I
structure my trade around it. So, I
benefit if I'm right.
And that's exactly what I'm doing right
now. So, there you have it. I think I
wouldn't get too exuberant. I wouldn't
say we go back to all-time highs. You
know, we won't go back $100 or something
when these things roll out, but the odds
that nothing happen is very little. What
is to wrap it up and then we go into
comments because we don't have too much
time today. But
last disclaimer or caveat on this whole
thing.
I do think Tesla is in a perfect
position. Rare Goldilocks moment for
this very narrow trade. We see this
cannot really go wrong too much. But
what can go wrong? What can go wrong? I
tell you what, the macro situation can
go wrong because what is happening right
now makes everyone a little nervous. And
of course it starts with that. This is
just not good. Let's face it. This is
not good.
30-year treasuries at 5.3%.
19-year high. Okay. That is
Yeah, but the economy is fine, right?
Right. So we have some extremely
concerning
warning signals right you see it here
these are yields and whenever you see
something like that
it is not very good okay if bond yields
across the world I mean the Germans are
destroying themselves of course with the
insane debt strategy the Japanese I
don't know what's happening there but
it's not Good Japanese yen carry trade.
Bye-bye.
Because if you have that much interest
from down here in just six years, guess
what? All these rich Japanese people who
loan their money into some US margin
stock margin stuff and buying stocks,
what they do? They withdraw their yens
back into Japan because they say, "Why
would I do the crazy American stock if I
get 5% by just putting it into Japanese
bonds?" Little bit of a problem here.
Uh, the USA. H, let me think. Is that
good? It's bad. The UK, well, the UK
doesn't matter too much because UK
doesn't have an economy anymore, so not
much can happen here other than the
implosion of the island. Italy, well,
that's fine. France, same with UK.
Doesn't matter. Switzerland under
control. Canada, of course, going off
the rails. Australia doing pretty badly.
So, there you have it. That's what
irritates people. Of course, Iran is
going back and forth, but I told you I
don't believe in escalation there. It
just can't happen. But the bonds are
very concerning. So, does that mean the
market is going to crash? Well, that's
exactly the big question.
That is exactly the big question. Will
the market get stressed here? And will
we see a macro event that destroys our
little strategy with Tesla? Today, Tesla
is only down 5% or 67%, right? So we are
way way down less than we should on our
beta. Look at this. So Tesla is
relatively up, right? Tesla has a beta
of two to the NASDAQ. So in a normal day
with no news for Tesla, Tesla should be
down 2.5%.
But Tesla is down only marginally. Look
at this.
It should be down 2.5%. So in relative
terms, Tesla is kind of up 2% today.
If you want to do it like that. So that
is very interesting.
Micron recovering. This is also overdone
the sell off. Let's not talk about
Micron. Let's stick with Tesla. And so
all in all, I think this is a gift from
heaven today. This market selloff giving
us Tesla at a $231 discount after the
news is out because of course the market
and every all the Tesla guys are going
to say, "Oo, so bad. The market's so
dumb. Doesn't understand it." Dudes,
Tesla is effectively up 2% today. The
market does understand this whole thing.
And so
I think we are getting a gift from
heaven here to get into Tesla cheap. Now
do your own research. Don't just do what
I do, right? I am my own person
and this is all dangerous, but I think
it's a pretty much Goldilocks moment.
Now let's end on a high note again with
Joe. He has actually today here.
Look at this.
Yes, it
the great Joe Techmire. The other great
Joe. Look at this beautiful drone shot.
Joe should get an Oscar for the Sincy
Oscar sucks so much. They should give
Joe an Oscar and then everything is good
again. They can give me an Oscar too
like the double Joe Oscar. So that is
what I recommend to revive Hollywood and
then everyone would watch Hollywood
movies again because the double joe's
are in there.
So here you see this amazing
uh circle of life. I nearly said the
circle of not life. The circle of
they're kind of alive. The circle of the
life cyber caps. This is all coming
together. And I predicted that we are
actually in the middle of the rollout. I
said it again and again. You know it
when I turned bullish again a week ago.
I said, "Dudes, think about it. Look at
the facts. Cyber cap ramping. We have
2,000 cyber caps produced. We are now
close to a 2,000 per month run rate in
my estimate. 2,000 cyber caps a month,
which means latest in September, there
will be significantly more cyber caps
than Whimos.
And it's just a question of time when we
actually deploy them. And now we know
when that time is. It is now. The time
to deploy is now."
This is a nice setup. I would not have
thought that I get this opportunity. So,
what do we end up on before we go to the
comments? What do you guys want? You
want probably Joe, the other Joe. You
want the other Joe's beautiful
shots. Okay, let's end on this high note
and go to the comments. We only have 10
minutes.
Let's see what happens.
I'm on, by the way, with Wolf Financial.
We do a little Tesla round on X in 20
minutes and I need a 10-minute break
because I was in meetings all day long
on things. So, need to take a little
break. We are preparing the Pioneer
Lens. Go to pioneer lens.org. By the
way, we are preparing the investment
research section. If you are a citizen
plus
the best of the best,
you know that we are a little lagging
behind with the models, but the models
are coming hopefully this week. The
first one on robo taxi on
pioneerlands.org. If you're just a
member, it's free. You can go there,
become a member. You see many things,
including the weekly brief. If you're a
citizen, you get even more. You're safe
for the future. You will win in the age
of AGI. Let's see what you guys say.
Zeros Zeros from Miami.
A Bavarian greeting from Miami from
Chris Rob. Hi Chris. Let's go. Cyber
cap.
Stanley says problem is pick off up and
drop off. I don't think it's a problem
anymore. Obviously. Uh yes, it should go
back up where it was before it plunged.
Exactly.
From Islamist the sin. You have quite
the name. Um
Tesla has strung its manufacturing bow
notched its cyber caprawn
back the string of preparation focus on
the bullseye is ready to release after a
calming breath. Is that a quote from
homer the Odyssey sounds like the
Odyssey Gregory beautifully put.
Um
street cred zero many out there are
nervous about Iran. I am not. You know
it, street credit zero. I said to
everyone, forget this whole Iran thing.
I mean, sure, we have another ski here
and there, but it simply cannot happen.
It's called economic forcing functions.
If the econ economics say you can't,
then you can't. It's just talk. Too much
talk. I'm checking the lights.
They are not ready for wide roll out. I
think they feel pressure to do a launch
behind. They are so far behind schedule.
But it will have it will just be a few
cars in each city to limit just Tesla
vans. Well, who knows? I don't think
it's a massive roll out. But you know
the effect on the market once you see
cyber caps with no steering wheel and no
safety driver
truly from the future truly commercial
for people to hail.
And don't forget this is FSD version 15
in case you didn't know. A shock.
Eluswami confirmed that the cyber caps
are running on version 15 already. And
all this testing that we get from the
great Joe Techmire
shows that they're preparing this whole
thing. It is version 15. I tell you
guys,
I think Tesla is just in the show me
phase of its existence. I think the
stock rocketed up too high too quickly
years ago and promises that still
haven't come to fruition. That is true.
Of course, it's all relative to where we
are. The stock right now is low relative
to December,
right? You have to always look at it in
relation to itself in recent time
frames. That's why it's relatively
cheap.
Andrea,
it's is it Andrea PK or Andre APK? No,
it's Andrea PK. Hi Joe. Good morning
from beautiful San Diego. I love San
Diego. Such a beautiful town. I went
there frequently when I was in LA. Are
you bullish to buy CSPs? H, that's a
whole different story.
I use FSD every day for 99% of my
driving, but I still can't park. But you
don't have version 15, Madson. Always
have to intervene. Pretty critical for a
taxi to figure out parking. Can't even
pull in my garage yet. I mean, good
feedback. Good to know. But always
consider these cyber caps run a
different version and they're being
optimized for exactly these kinds of
problems.
SpaceX will not acquire Tesla
if not over 200
because if SpaceX buys Tesla here, Tesla
goes up and everyone says Tesla to buy
SpaceX low and SpaceX low
could be but SpaceX can go over 200 in
my opinion. This is not a hard exercise.
if they get another if if they get to
hundred billion dollar run rate, which
they will in the next 12 months
guaranteed.
I also think they are a couple of years
away from being able to launch Optimus
in significant numbers.
Uh Matson, a couple of years, sure, I
wouldn't even contest that, but a couple
of years is only 24 months.
Sure, maybe. I think they will release
tens of thousands of Optim Optimi next
year, but maybe just internally.
Um, I hope that doesn't turn out like
Cybertruck. No, that is a whole
different story. Cybertruck was just a
little exercise, a stupid exercise in my
opinion. I was never a Cyber Truck fan
from a Tesla shareholder perspective. I
love the Cybert truck, but as a
shareholder, like what are we even
doing? This is not important. Cyber cap
is a whole different story.
To be clear, I think the future of Tesla
is bright, but I think we have a few
more years of rockiness.
Well, it's all relative. I am a
relativist. This is cheap the stock and
it's in a Goldilocks micro moment. See,
while we speak, sorry, going up. I wish
I have to think about my margin
situation. I wanted to put in a larger
trade than I did.
I will figure it out in the course of
the day because I think this is an
absolute tactical buy on a 14day
horizon.
You know guys how it is. I am the one
who tells you what I actually think and
do and I'm specific. I do think this is
an exceptionally good 14day trade right
now. It's an exceptionally nice setup
for the next 14 days. I'm not talking
about all-time highs. I'm not talking
about anything else. I'm talking about
given where the stock is right now,
where the market is right now, and what
is happening with Cyber Cap. This is for
me an extremely strong tactical buy.
Now, would I be concerned when Cyber Cap
rolls out? What happens that day or the
next day, sell the news and everything?
Yes, I'm very concerned, but not now.
I'm concerned when we get to that day
because then comes the disappointment. I
think now we are in excitement mode, in
a surprise positive news mode. Once it
launches, we might get back into
disappointment mode. And if it runs to
400, do we drop back to 380? Probably.
But will we be higher in 14 days than
here? It's extremely likely. And I like
that. It's rare that we can be so sure.
It's rare that we can be so sure. Look,
it's at 38
38. And did the market actually go up or
not?
Just check this. No. See,
nest just sucks. Well, it went up a
little bit, but this Oh, no. It went up
a lot from one 1.29 to 1.18. Fine. It's
moving with the market,
but it's not moving with the market
today.
It's looking good.
Uh,
no official announcement yet, right?
Well, China, there is China shill. There
is an official announcement by Tesla
that they will launch Cyber Cap, just
not an exact date, but they're saying we
will close the whole assessment who won
by August 23rd.
So, there are some official
announcements now.
Um,
Whimo launched in summer 2025 to the
public. Did they know? That's not true.
Michael, you could you could take way
back. I took them in LA, I don't know,
in 2023 22.
Uh,
so they have been live in San Francisco
for 10 years or I don't know five years,
something like that.
Given the past well we can't extrapolate
too much Percy but yes given the past at
roughly in roughly six years chunks
directly before Tesla 10x if you connect
two highs and two lows yeah we are just
getting into that territory but of
course you can't like think like that
one to one but you're not wrong Percy we
are getting close to the 10x 10x
three and a half thousand bucks Tesla
I think that can happen the next 24
months
36 months
the same pattern is happening now
exactly I think the same
optimus in homes at scale is 10 years
away I think it's
uh six years away that's what I think
and I think optimus at scale in
factories is two years away
I have trouble wrapping my head around
cyber cap. I understand the total
addressable market theory, but nobody's
asking for more taxis.
Well, bullish as fk, you become a C plus
a citizen plus at Pioneer Lands because
that's exactly what we'll address this
week. I will have a video on it, by the
way, free. We will have a video for the
entire community. But there will be a
model attached to this. We just had the
analyst meeting today. We will get this
out this week. There will be a model you
can get and download. I will demonstrate
you the model and I will show the
different tabs of cyber cap how the
pricing sensitivity will pull in users
into the cyber cap and you see uh how
this actually works and that it's about
millions and millions and millions
millions of cyber caps
here. Good morning Joe San Marcos San
Marcos California just 20 minutes north
of beautiful San Diego. So what is your
position? Are you buying puts or calls
for the next 14 days? I am selling in
the money puts with a nice little buffer
in there. To be specific, today I sold
uh 347.5
puts a bunch a chunk. I want to sell
more, but I have to rearrange some
things for it. Uh maybe pull up my
little straddles or something.
um because you get a little chunk of
buffer, but then if it really rallies,
you have to react to it quickly to take
advantage of it. I'll sell Tesla at 740
this week. And by the way, I am normally
always staying out of long calls. I
don't like long calls, but here's a
situation where I might reconsider, but
I will not tell anyone what I'm doing,
what I'm planning. I don't want to
distort the market too much, and I'm not
doing it right now. And as always,
LJ has the most important comment. Hit
the like button because we only have 10
minutes left and I have to stop in a
second. So, hit the like button. Yes,
the public is asking for more taxis that
are cheaper, safer, and a more pleasant
experience and not being in a car with a
stranger. 1 million% I hate these. I
don't hate anyone, but I hate the
drivers. What the hell is this? So, we
don't want strangers. We don't want
drivers. We want unlimited free or cheap
robo taxis. And it's not just for taxis.
It is for cheap transportation. It eats
into the right share market. It it eats
into the public transportation market.
It eats into the car ownership market
most importantly.
And that is why you can have hundreds of
millions of road taxes if whoever puts
it off.
Joe, I'm concerned about this dario of
anthropic. Dario had his head up the
tail of Biden and also hired many of the
top Biden government relations dirt
balls to work
be between Dario and Leopold Leopold
Mr. ineffective altruism. I'm terrified
these fools will become instrumental
against Elon and support the left tarts
in the future.
Very interesting take by LJ. Uh yeah, we
have to
I mean this is a whole different video.
What is happening at the frontier of AI
and who are these people? That's a very
good point,
Michael. I think there might be a small
pockets of the public that are asking
for that, but I'm not sure the public at
large is most people just want to get
from A to B. Yes, bullish as fuk. That's
exactly the point. They want to get from
A to B and that's why it's unlimited
demand for robo taxis because it's very
simple. This is not about them being
golden. This is not about them being
pretty. It's just about the price. And
if you can get from A to B for half of
the cost of anyone else, everyone will
use cyber caps. This has nothing to do
with being a fanboy or being excited or
technology. It has only to do with
dollars per mile costs. And if you cut
it in half, everyone will switch to
Cyber Cap. And if you lower the cost per
mile below the threshold that you
effectively pay as a car owner, there
will be a tsunami of demand because now
you're derisking people. You are making
them more capital efficient. The
personal homes, no one needs a car
anymore. And maybe you think that's
crazy.
This is America. God damn it. We need
cars. I get it. But a lot of Americans
are dirt poor. They don't want to buy
cars. They can't buy cars, but they want
to. They can afford 50 cents for a mile.
Maybe they can even afford $150 for
three miles. You get my point?
So, there will be just massive massive
demand, exponential demand with linear
decreasing prices.
So, I think people are still dividing
the investments between SpaceX and
Tesla. This is causing a stalemate with
Tesla's price to some extent. Why the
heck should I buy a car?
Exactly.
Okay guys, we have to wrap it up. Next
show is coming up. You can go on X, go
to Wolf Financial. Maybe I post that on
my X2. We have a nice little discussion
around on Tesla in seven minutes coming
up
and
then we see what happens.
Interesting day. I like the setup. We
are winning with this trade. I have the
feeling.
So, let's see.
How do I do this
here? I'm I can even share this with you
guys. You can see live what's happening.
We're going here.
Um, is this even with video or not
video? I don't even understand.
Uh,
deep dive. So, it's going to be on the
deep dive. Should I follow Wolf? Yes,
deep dive.
I don't know how this works. I hope I
know how to join
Wolve. Deep deep dive. Oh, that he had
Ashen Bren on, I think. So,
uh yeah, W had some interesting uh
interviews. So, they asked me if I would
join this. So, I will do this. I don't
know if it's with video or not. We will
see.
Let's see how it goes. And then later,
Herbert, there's so much going on, but
solo Joe, there's another Joe. You will
own nothing and be happy.
Uh, I agree with that 50%.
Think about it. I will agree with this
sentence 50%. You don't even know which
which 50%. Both. It can be both. You
could be happy or you could own nothing.
Both can be true, just not together.
Madson Mby, that's such a cool name. I
watch you every day, but this is the
first time I caught you live. Well,
thanks Madson. Great to meet you live.
Uh, when do I have to go to Wolf? I
don't know. Enough is one French auto
wood incorporated. What is this? Tesla
should put much more effort to promote
licensing out FSD. I don't think so. If
these dummies don't want it, why chase
them? I I'm sure they're open to it, but
people have to approach them.
Okay, guys. Now I have to hang up and
see you very soon. We have Herbert
coming out today by the way. Uh
maybe we have a video coming out. I
don't even know. Maybe one is coming
out. We have like a whole now queue for
important AI updates. Grock is coming.
We have an important Grockbot update. We
have an important Grock 4.6 update. We
have an Nvidia. No, that that was
yesterday. We launched that. And we have
political videos coming up. If you're
interested in German politics, we're
covering German politics and a little
bit of Swedish politics this this week.
Well, on the weekend we have a nice
update on Germany. Crazy things are
happening. The government will be gone.
You heard it here first. I predict the
German government will be gone
in six months. Probably in nine months
or guaranteed in nine months in my
opinion, but in six months potentially.
So,
uh let's continue and see you guys
tomorrow or even today in a second.
Bye-bye.