Channel:     cernbasher
Title:       This Cybercab News Is Telling You Something
URL:         https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rf8dDMIbna8
Published:   2026-07-27 12:00 UTC
Fetched:     2026-07-27 13:00 UTC

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

We've got a lot of really interesting
things to talk about today.
Not the least of which Jeff is a bunch
of golden vehicles driving around a
track. And Tesla robotaxi posted this I
think it was Friday night labeling this
gold rush.
And we're seeing more and more of these
and of course in the outbound lot at
Giga Texas Sawyer Merritt said there's a
record 245 cyber cabs spotted in the
lot.
And it's a pretty beautiful thing to see
on mass here all glistening in the sun.
However, none of these appear to have
the cyber cab decals on them.
And I'm not sure but some were saying
that these have have steering wheels.
And so Joe Tegtmeyer also was up early
this morning and got us this video. So
perhaps if you can just give your
thoughts while I'm uh playing the video
here.
&gt;&gt; If we go back to the you don't have to
go back to it but the first clip of the
Tesla robot the Tesla account the
robotaxi account sharing that picture of
all the cyber cabs on the track. That's
actually that's actually meaningful
that's coming from their account. I
would say versus you know one of our
accounts or somebody just somebody on X
that that snagged the photo.
That it says that they want to show
quantity. They want to show that these
things are
under test and they're doing well. And
that's that's actually it's it's
actually encouraging that's coming from
from their account. Now I appreciate the
balance on X of like when I saw the 245
cars I I think you can take either side
of the issue and you can be uh correct
uh for some amount of it but I think on
balance
uh I I would like to just apply some
color to the situation that maybe I
didn't see on X this weekend. One uh
when you're doing a geographical rollout
and that's what cyber cab is. It's
geography based. You have geographical
qualifications required. You have
operations to set up in different
geographies. You have testing to do any
in geographies. You've got regulatory in
different I'm just talking the United
States at this point. And you've got
testing to do in different geographies.
What you're going to have happen in
production is you're going to have
I don't call it like an 80/20, but
you're going to have some percentage of
test vehicles being produced while
you're while you're actually further
ramping the production line. They're
they're being built together
essentially. And my guess is there's
some sort of late stage modification
to make it a test vehicle. And there's
things omitted to make it a test vehicle
and added.
But the point I think for the viewers to
understand is
this will continue
while the factory is actually the rate
the rate per day the rate per hour the
rate per day is actually increasing
meaningfully. So this 245 isn't actually
going to be very meaningful a month from
now because they're going to be able to
produce that in a fraction of the time
that they do today.
So if you're kind of like
a bit bearish on this it's in all these
are all test vehicles.
That's actually needed to unlock
qualifications and to unlock all the
testing
in these [clears throat] various
geographies.
So to me that's I mean to me this is
part of
the process of scaling Cybertruck. It's
not like they're they've stopped
building the production version without
the steering wheel. What's happening in
the background is the rate of that
production is just increasing
dramatically where these these smaller
numbers aren't going to be meaningful.
But what you want to see
as somebody who is monitoring the
situation and hopeful for scale is that
they get all the test vehicles out and
the test vehicles gather the data they
need. And in the meanwhile the
production factory is actually going
much much faster
every ensuing day. And so, they're going
to be able to produce this. My point is
they're going to be able to produce
If you're If you're worried that those
245 don't have decals or they have steer
I don't know how you can even see a
steering wheel in that photo, but
if you're concerned about that, just
know that that's part of the process of
scaling each geography, and know that
they can produce those 245 without
steering wheels really quickly. And then
a week from now, much quicker. A month
from now, many times quicker, actually.
So, I'm actually encouraged to see this,
and it's it's good news. If you saw
I'll just take the other side of it. If
you saw nothing coming out of the
factory, and you basically saw a stall
or delay, and then people being sent
home,
that would tell you that there may be
some sort of delay in the AI software
rollout, you know, regulatory piece of
cyber cab. The fact that it's going at
this steady clip tells me that there's a
launch date in the imminent future,
and they're just they're just ramping up
for it. If there was a problem, they
would stop, because you would
send the labor home and not be burning
um
the that the exposure from a labor
perspective, and and you would just wait
until you needed to ramp again, but
that's not the case here.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, I think you're making some
important points, Jeff, [clears throat]
in that you know, you've got the
the scaling of the production line, and
that's a whole separate thing than the
testing and the rollout, perhaps, of
cyber cab itself.
Right? And both of those things have to
happen sort of in unison, and and of
course, there's issues, perhaps, or
challenges that they face in doing both
at the same time.
Um they're they're not necessarily in
sync. What's your sense in terms of the
cars that we're seeing here on this
track, the the work that they're doing,
and the time frame involved, and the
testing that's going on there, versus
the maybe the test engineering vehicles
that are being sent out to all the
various cities that we're starting to
see or that we've been seeing for for
months now.
What's your sense of what they're doing
in those different areas and the timing
of that and the length of time involved?
&gt;&gt; Yeah, there's two things happening. One
is
they are basically fitting
the
FSD the latest FSD to the that camera
orientation, that size of vehicle, that
weight of vehicle, that particular
vehicle. So, there's this engineering
fitting call this fitting exercise to
get everything tip-top and working
perfectly. Lars went through this. He
said this is basically the the stage of
what we're at right now with Cybercab is
is doing that while we're ramping the
factory concurrently.
So, we know that that's we know that
that's happening. The product going out
to the field is is looking for anything
specific to that geography. They're not
mapping the streets. There's not
store There's not some
It's not this It's not this mapping
exercise per se.
It's It's more of um trying to look for
anything unique geographically that they
should they would want to plan for. What
they want to do is they want to minimize
obviously any safety-critical
interventions.
And they they also want to minimize any
convenience issues in the field.
So,
what you're doing if you're a Tesla is
is you know the probability of
occurrence of both a safety-critical
issue, a minor safety issue. They
probably have them classed this way or
some similar way. They probably have
multiple classifications and next to
each classification, they have the
statistics. They know the probability of
occurrence. And as you increase the
number of vehicles,
you increase the probability of
occurrence. So, they know the ceiling of
where to keep
their vehicle their active vehicle count
in the field relative to the performance
of the software,
so they don't have an embarrassing
issue. Obviously, if you're a
shareholder, you're following the
company, you want them to burst through
these thresholds, and you want them to
um elevate them. And so, when you see
them go from 120 driverless robotaxis to
a about 180, and you see that large of a
jump, that 50% jump, to me that tells
that tells me that they made a jump in
FSD software for the robotaxi,
and
they've got better performance, and
they're they're comfortable putting more
vehicles out there. So,
that's what they're doing with these
cars.
Yeah, I
it it it we we say this, you know, every
week, but we're in this window where we
think we're just getting closer and
closer to it. Yeah, again, if there was
a
a bigger problem, the hiring would stop,
and the and the factory production would
stop because there's no there's no need
for both of those if you've got
something where you've got some sort of
multi-month issue on your hand that
you've got to deal with. So, I mean,
that's that's my opinion, that's my read
on the situation. I think other people
tend to agree with it, but but I guess
if you hear it spoken, you kind of walk
through it, it
it tends to make uh a bit more sense. I
would just one more example for uh for
people.
A- Again, from my history and just
they're not the same industry they're
not the same industries, but in the
smartphone industry, when we were going
from analog to digital, so and then
going to 2G to 3G to 4G to 5G,
there was a similar thing of you had
network infrastructure in the world that
had to be tested on,
and you also had new modems and new
hardware and new software in in the
phone, and you wanted to see, even
though you've built all the phones the
same way, and you've banned them
differently for different geographies,
but
you want to see how it performs
geographically. So, while we were in
production, before production and while
we're in production, we were building
those test devices and we were sending
them into each geography while we're
actually building mass production. So,
we gained some confidence, massive
confidence actually,
that the production hardware was good
and the only delta between
full-on, uh,
consumer sales and what was just a
software update that had to happen to
the to the phone.
Or or the network infrastructure. So,
the point is is Tesla, I believe, is at
that stage where they know the hardware
is good in the Cybertruck and they're
just a release away or, you know, some a
number of releases away from,
you know, full-on qualification. And
this is, to me, the same thing. So,
while we were in production, we were
building, we were actually distributing
product into the field, production
product, but while we're
we were, um, sorry, we were distributing
these test devices at the same time. So,
this looks like the same thing from from
my perspective and and you do that at
the very end of the pilot stage cuz you
know the hardware is good. So,
I know everybody's anxious. I think
it's, you know, it's just it's just
getting much closer.