Channel:     futureaza
Title:       Tesla May Be Building The Most Valuable Platform
URL:         https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rnij7xGP25Y
Published:   2026-05-05 12:00 UTC
Fetched:     2026-05-05 13:00 UTC

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

If there's one thing you can be certain
of, it is that the future is uncertain.
That's why we're going to try and
unravel it a bit. What do you want from
a company? Do you want someone that has
a plan that already works, a plan that
might work, or a plan that's definitely
not going to work? Well, uh there's a
few ways we can slice this. There's an
interesting article I saw just yesterday
uh that I covered in the news live
roundup for Monday morning. And I'm
going to go into greater depth today
with Randy because we've got some
questions here. And the questions are,
does Ford have the right strategy? It
appears to look like it will work well
over the short term, but over the longer
term, is it going to even matter? I'm
Brian. Welcome to Futurza.
&gt;&gt; Hi, Brian.
&gt;&gt; Hi. Hi, R. Hello, Randy.
I found this clever bit of nonsense.
This is uh a thing apparently. And
what's going on here is uh there's two
paths to profitability in 26. I'm
looking past 26, but let's start there.
Tesla posted good margins, good gap
estimates, uh earnings per share beating
by quite a bit. FSD subscriptions
ratcheting up nicely. Ford took a loss
due to one-time impairments, and they've
got a plan. Their plan is to uh have
their Ford Pro software uh grow from
there. But the Ford Pro software
subscription is not billions in 26.
That's that's definitely not it. That
includes the sale of all the other
things. But what we're looking at is uh
a path. And the thing is Ford can make
good money on their Superduty, F-150,
Transit, and Ford Pro software. While
Tesla, a higher margin but lower volume,
is really focusing on things that will
generate more money in the future. Which
path makes more sense? Well, okay. I
think that there is nothing wrong with
Ford's approach as long as they're going
to fork that approach at some point and
find a way to get those trucks to be
electric. Um, they obviously dip their
toe into the electric market. They
didn't do a very good job.
Theoretically, they were going to go
down and take another run at it. I
haven't heard much more about that so
far, but the approach that they are
taking, I think is going to be a big
money maker. And Tesla isn't offering a
a really a competitive truck. Now, that
doesn't mean I don't think that the uh
that the Cybertruck isn't amazing. Um,
but it's not shaped like it doesn't look
like it doesn't have all the kind of,
you know, masculine thing going on. And
some people hate the look of the
Cybertruck. So, I think they can
probably get, you know, they might be
able to get another 10 years out of that
thing.
&gt;&gt; I think all of that's possible. I think
what's really going on is Ford is
saying, "Look, we can make 5% 10%
margins on trucks. That costs a lot of
money. That's five grand, eight grand
maybe. Uh, but it's a one-time sale.
Ford Pro software is not going to
compete with FSD revenue. Uh it's not
going to definitely not going to compete
with cyber cab revenue uh with autonomy
revenue uh with you know operating a
fleet that has daily recurring revenue u
and for that matter bots the same thing
those are Tesla can sell them but they
can also rent them and the value of it
as a sold product will correlate largely
with its value as a sold product. So,
you could say, "Well, I want to I don't
want to pay for a a lease. I want to pay
to own it." Great. We're going to price
it accordingly. Do you think that Ford
stands a chance when it comes to selling
items once versus recurring?
&gt;&gt; Well, okay. They're not necessarily
competing with Tesla anymore. Now, Tesla
would have said they were never
competing with Ford, but Ford and
everybody else said, "We need a Tesla
killer." You know, so all of them looked
at it and went, "Oh, we have to do
something in order to slow Tesla down
because it's going to eat market share."
Well, Tesla isn't eating your market
share because they're making a great
car. They're making a they're going to
eat your market share because they're
making a great car which is also able to
drive itself. And you could probably
take a poll right now and I know some of
these, you know, these places where you
can place a bet on the future. Uh I know
some of them are saying, "Oh, well Tesla
won't have, you know, universal self,
I'm sorry, unsupervised self-driving by
the end of this year." You know, it's a
small percentage. But nobody I don't I
think you could take 10 polls and you
wouldn't find anybody that's saying
they'll never have it because it's this
close. And okay, does it take it 10
years? I don't know, but at some point
they're going to have it. So, I'm
reminded of Sears Robuck.
&gt;&gt; Yeah,
&gt;&gt; I was I was really, you know, watching
that whole Sears Robuck thing happen. I
would think that Sears Robuck could have
reduced the size of their stores or
rented out other parts of their rented
out the clothing department and some of
these other ones. They were losing
money. Kept the appliance division and
the craftsman tools. And I think they
probably would still be in business
today, but they still probably wouldn't
be in business 10 years from now. So
these are because of the nature of, you
know, tools can you can buy those online
too, but they were just Craftsman tools.
You know, it's a Ford F-150.
&gt;&gt; And that's the thing is just like
Craftsman, we're seeing cracks in the
Ford brand. Craftsman was the gold
standard. They had a lifetime guarantee.
You would just you didn't need a
receipt. You just come in with a broken
uh wrench and they'd replace it. I had a
I don't know like a 5/8 socket that
cracked and I brought it in and they
looked at that's unusual. Just go grab
one. Just go grab one. And that was it.
And then they introduced lower and lower
quality versions uh until the brand
meant nothing.
&gt;&gt; And if you haven't bought tools in 30
years, it's possible you don't know
that. That Craftsman no longer need
means quality. I bought all my tools 30
years ago and I still have them.
&gt;&gt; Right. Uh the thing I had was we kept
having problems with coffee pots and the
coffee pots kept dying. Didn't matter if
I spent $20 or 40 or 60. They kept
dying. The last one I bought was from
Sears and I get to check out and she
says, "Do you want to buy an extended
warranty?" And I said, "Honey, if I I'm
here because it's Sears. If I need an
extended warranty, I will never come
back. and the coffee pot died and I
never went back. So that was the end of
that. And uh now I can't go back because
of course
&gt;&gt; the last
&gt;&gt; the last car, I'm sorry, the last store
closed I think in January.
&gt;&gt; They were down to four and then now
they're down to zero.
&gt;&gt; You can't get volume pricing on four. Uh
that is the wrong the wrong number.
Well, uh, but Tesla does make cars and
we do need to compete with them. I would
argue that Tesla may have sped along
their, uh, the end of their sedan sales
because, uh, you know, Ford used to make
three sedans. They had the Escort, the,
uh, the one above that uh, that was like
the Mercury Topaz, and then the, what
was it called? The Taurus. And then they
even had the Lincoln above that, the
Crown Vic. They had four sedans.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; But as you know, nobody buys sedans
anymore, Randy. No one. Let's look at
the worldwide figures real quick here.
Look at that. Okay.
&gt;&gt; Worldwide for EVs. Model Y and Model 3.
Model Y, not surprised. Model 3 being at
number two. By the way, the Xiaomi Sue
7, the Tesla Model 3 killer,
&gt;&gt; not in the top 20.
&gt;&gt; The only Xiaomi here is the U7. So, this
is pretty crazy to see. The seal uh is
in here, but that's only because it's
got its BEV and plug-in uh numbers
combined.
&gt;&gt; Oh, got it.
&gt;&gt; So, uh Ford is, in my opinion, looking
at it the wrong way. They are they are
saying we need to sell more trucks.
We're not going to make the trucks that
the next generation wants. We're going
to make the trucks the last generation
wanted. We're going to make the thing we
know how to build with a V8 that has
largely not been redesigned since it was
introduced in the 50s and/or 60s.
They've got two different blocks that
they just tweak a little bit from time
to time. Uh and then of course change,
you know, how the fuel gets in and the
exhaust gets out, but that's about it.
Versus, uh this approach where we're
seeing it's going to be subscription
revenue. It's going to be all those
things. We don't need uh
we don't want the one sale. We'll take
the one sale. What we need is the
forever sale, right?
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Well, you know, obviously Tesla
has in mind that subscription revenue
approach. Also, as you've pointed out
though in China, that particular
approach is not necessarily working. Uh
people are that some of these companies
are building the FSD and everything else
into the price of the car and not going
for that subscription revenue. So
whether the subscription revenue holds
up in the US or not um is really
absolutely irrelevant for the long term
because when we get to autonomous cars
and people are people are just going to
switch there. Nobody nobody is going to
buy a car. I don't I can't tell you
which year it is. I've estimated I
thought it would be 2028 that we would
reach peak uh vehicle sales uh and maybe
not even have any manufactured uh
vehicles for sale in the United States.
But I think that's going to be too
aggressive, too optimistic. But again,
pick your year. 2030, 2031. There's
going to come a point at which the scale
is not going to be great enough for US
manufacturers of ICE vehicles or even if
they're electric and not autonomous, the
scale is not going to be there to
continue to make them.
&gt;&gt; I wonder, you know, I know we've
discussed this. I've mentioned that a
lot of us are gatherers rather than
hunters. And I think gatherers will
still want to own the things, but
whether or not that means they have
human operated controls is quite
another. U the car you own today should
remain legal indefinitely.
But new cars have new rules. You know,
I'm sure you've owned cars that didn't
have a headrest so that if you got in a
rear-end collision, you just you just
had whiplash. You just had it. Um seat
belts. Uh, I've been in cars that were
sold without seat belts. Um, that's that
would no longer be legal, but uh that's
how they were sold.
&gt;&gt; We loved running around in the back of
the station wagon and hanging on to our
mother's neck. I mean, that was, you
know, that was part of the fun of
driving.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Yeah. And we didn't die. I mean,
lots of other kids did, but you won't
hear them complain about it. So, that's
all great. Um, when I'm looking for an
indicator on what's a good thing to do
with a stock, you know what I definitely
don't do?
&gt;&gt; I don't ask Jim Kramer.
&gt;&gt; Here's what Jim Kramer thinks you should
do with your Tesla shares. Jim Kramer
made some big predictions. Every uh
electric vehicle manufactured Tesla's
shares are up 33% over the past year,
down 13.8% year-to date because, you
know, those were the two numbers that
came up when I searched it on Google.
And so I clicked it and it's very easy
writing. Cancord Genuity discussed the
firm on April 23rd as it raised its
price target to 450 from 420. Nice. And
kept a buy rating on the stock. But
here's what Jim says. I would buy Tesla.
Oh no, he's the big thinker. He's real.
Who else is big is a big thinker? I
guess Bezos.
&gt;&gt; Jim. Jim. So Jim Jim Kramer, you know, I
had I had I took a contrarian viewpoint
the other day. My contrarian viewpoint
was that everybody, especially in our
community, everybody pans Jim Kramer uh
as you know, whatever he says, do the
opposite. And it could actually be true
to a certain extent because people could
play it that way when he says something.
Is he any good at making forecasts?
Well, he's made a lot of money making
those forecasts
and so apparently people do watch him.
Lots and lots of people.
&gt;&gt; So they watch him and they make some
decisions based on what he's saying and
they are big big fans. So he's been hot
and cold on Tesla. I don't know as long
as I've been watching Tesla and he was
cold four months ago.
I want to say four months ago.
&gt;&gt; It's possible. Now he's hot.
&gt;&gt; It's possible to be rich and successful,
not because he's good, but because he's
on television.
&gt;&gt; That doesn't mean his trades have done
well over the years. Although there is
that leaked footage of him explaining
how in how he has done insider trading
&gt;&gt; where he will uh get a hot tip, pump it,
and dump it. And uh that was probably 20
years ago, but still it's uh a ghoulish
reminder of the realities that we don't
see. Uh yeah, so of course this article
has to flesh it out with some just
nonsense here. Tesla designs,
manufactures, and sells fully electric
vehicles, solar uh energy storage
solutions while developing real world
AI. Following robust gains in late 25,
shares fell as investors awaited
progress on robo taxis and assessed the
company's sizable investment in
manufacturing and AI. Uh yeah,
operationally they delivered strong
quarterly results, etc.
&gt;&gt; Uh yeah, or as I like the soul, etc.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, I actually agree with his
analysis. I've been saying it over and
over again on my show. I think the
entire reason that Tesla hit the last
two all-time highs, maybe even the last
three all-time highs, well, not the
entire reason, the first one had to do
with the S&amp;P inclusion, but that was
happening simultaneously with all of us
believing that the robo taxi was going
to come out like next week. Every time
we've gone to an all-time high, every
time we've sold off in a in a big way,
it's been because of excitement that we
were almost there and then the downside
was, oh, whoops, we weren't. And that's
what happened this year again. Um and u
and I think uh as we get we had what 33
vehicles out there today that are
unsupervised in Austin, as we keep on
adding to and adding five and adding 10
and then maybe we start adding 20 and
30, the stock is going to inch back up
again until we hit the all-time high
later this year.
&gt;&gt; Well, and I think uh in Jim's offense,
uh he didn't actually write that. That
was the uh Baron growth fund uh
discussion.
&gt;&gt; Baron growth focused growth fund u
because you know got to got to keep it
real. Sorry Jim. Uh Jim of course big
viewer of the show I'm sure
&gt;&gt; uh he's definitely got enough time in
the day to watch all of us and I'm sure
he does. I'm confident that he does. Is
it possible to even measure uh a forward
earnings projection? We have so many uh
big things on the horizon. We can see
FSD starting to crown as it were uh with
the revenue from with the number of
subscriptions growing tremendously last
quarter 170,000
new FSD paid uh users.
&gt;&gt; That's that's not going to stop growing
it. The growth may slow. It may
accelerate at different times. It'll be
lumpy for sure. That is probably the
only thing that can relatively uh
accurately be guessed at. Things like
MeggaPAC that's still growing. That's
going to grow tremendously over the next
few years. Put those into your forward,
you know, your future earnings. But
things like robo taxi, things like
Optimus are a lot harder to model. How
far along do those have to get before
the models make sense and people
institutions are likely to start buying
again? Well, I think the key to anything
is whether it executes what you want it
to do. Um, you know, in other words,
does my car truly drive itself? Can I
get in the back seat and that's it? You
know, I don't have to Can I get a cab, a
a cyber cab, you know, in less than five
minutes and go someplace for a buck a
mile? I mean if those things happen they
are extraordinarily
uh disruptive
uh extraordinarily disruptive and so at
that point you don't know how disruptive
but you can as you point out you can
tell after a little while you start to
see how much market is this particular
item going to get um I see those of
course like everybody that's in the
community those are going to be
extraordinarily disrupted the optimist
same thing does it only pick and hack.
I'm not interested. Um, could it
actually remove the water bottles from
the from the in the blow inject and blow
molder? Um, can it actually uh take a
t-shirt off the um off the uh silk
screen printing line? Uh, can it
actually put one on, which is twice as
hard? Um, you know, how much of those
jobs can it do? Can it turn a screw? Can
it weld? when we start to see that it
has a a large capability in terms of the
the types of jobs that it can do and
then we price it based on how much labor
it saves, it's not going to be that
hard.
Interestingly, last night I was at the
grocery store. The grocery store has one
of those uh robot uh floor cleaners. I
had a chance to talk with them about it
a while back. I said, "Does it just know
where to go?" No, you have to sit down,
drive it, and teach it the route.
&gt;&gt; Otherwise, it will not know. And then
after that, it's a bit unreliable. I
looked up the price. It's 50 grand to
for this machine.
&gt;&gt; And here's how smart it is. Last night
when I was at the store,
&gt;&gt; I saw it rolling slowly towards those
black uh mats that they put down on the
ground next to the produce section,
&gt;&gt; that drain mat kind of things.
&gt;&gt; And I stopped to watch. And then I
noticed two employees also. Let's see.
Let's see what H. Is it going to go
around it? Nope. Chewed it up. Got
jammed up into the brushes. So, it is It
has cameras, but it is not intelligent
at all. And that's 50 grand.
&gt;&gt; So, I don't know. Uh, guys, I get it.
You don't have the scale to make
something truly amazing. You can't dump
a half billion dollars into R&amp;D and
expect to ever see a penny of it. But uh
this product is bad. It would be without
exaggeration better to have Optimus
drive it. A horrible misuse of an an
incredibly advanced robot. But it would
not make that mistake. Certainly not
twice.
&gt;&gt; But it gives you
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; But but it gives you it gives you an
idea though that the stores are willing
to spend $50,000 just to have the floor
done.
&gt;&gt; Okay. And so, and so when we talk about
$300,000 for an Optimus or $100,000 a
year to rent it, these are not crazy
numbers. The these are numbers that have
been confirmed by CERN and and you know,
many others. Uh yeah, sure. I was
probably first uh you know, well, you
know, we talked about it back in the in
the Elon Musk mission. Um and that's
three and a half years ago now. So
&gt;&gt; I will tell you,
&gt;&gt; yeah, those numbers are only crazy from
a consumer perspective, right?
&gt;&gt; People often don't understand the scale
of expenses in the commercial and
industrial realm. Well, they they say,
"Oh, why should you charge me
&gt;&gt; a whole dollar for this injection
molding that cost you a penny?"
&gt;&gt; Because I paid for the machine.
&gt;&gt; Yes. Right.
&gt;&gt; You know, you can go buy a machine. Go
by by all means go buy a a machine, but
I don't think you're going to find a big
savings there for your oneoff job.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Yeah.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. So, uh the big takeaway is if you
want value, you know what you got to do?
Just subscribe. It doesn't cost anything
on YouTube. You could also become, you
know, a channel member or a supporter.
Get some bonus content. Have some fun.
Nothing weird going on in there, you
guys. Nothing weird. and everybody else.
You know, like, subscribe, do what you
do. Stay tuned, stay juicy, and I cannot
wait to hear from you clever robots. Uh
maybe in the comment section on Ry's
videos. I check out my comments
sometimes, just because sometimes my day
is going too well and I just feel like a
little bit of abuse is what I need. Talk
to you soon.