Channel:     futureaza
Title:       Monday News: Roadster Reality (it is!)  Hydrogen is Here (it isn't!) and wind = retirement
URL:         https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TqazbX15pZo
Published:   2026-09-14 15:39 UTC
Fetched:     2026-09-14 18:00 UTC

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Happy September 14th. It is Monday. It
is time for the news roundup. And to my
friends outside the US, I'd say happy
14th September. Yes, you know what's
going on. Hey, uh look, it is time for
the Monday news. We are going to do
this. So, what's going on here, man? I
should tell you a lot. The there's news
from uh BYD and other Chinese
manufacturers. There's news from Audi.
And at the end, I've got uh some
information on a very exciting EV
manufacturing teleconference that's
going on over the next three days. You
might want to check it out. There's some
real deep nerd topics there. And if you
haven't checked this show out before, uh
the idea is that I go through all the
news that's fit to print uh and give it
to you as quick as I can. And at the
end, I do a live Q&amp;A. So, get your
comments in the chat if you have the
questions. Happy to address them all.
Mostly mostly some some might not make
the cut. I'm Brian. Welcome to
Futurazza.
So, the first question is, did you hear
the music? If you're a regular, did you
hear the music in your head? Uh, yeah.
Let's find out. Hey, uh, let's just get
into the news, shall we? Let's start
with some good news. Kansas rancher let
50 wind turbines rise across his, uh,
cattle ranch in 2005. 20 years later,
the cows still graze. beneath them while
the wind royalties provide roughly half
his income and keep the land in the
family. How exciting is that? So, the
idea is that, you know, uh cattle
ranching can be a hitand- miss prospect.
Some years you don't have enough uh rain
to get you enough grass to get you
enough food feed for your cattle, and
that year may be devastating. But what
if half your income just happened? Just
happened. just came in from the breeze.
Uh there are there is no such thing as a
low wind year. I mean there is higher
and lower. Uh but the upper and lower
bounds are pretty comparable to each
other.
This is the unexpected lesson from Fll
Ranch. The turbines did not replace the
cattle or swallow the prairie. And the
herd reportedly found practical uses uh
following their shade in the summer heat
to standing on firmer ground near access
roads when spring mud takes over. So it
was using wind before it became
political. And it shouldn't be
political. It's energy. We all use it.
We all need it. Uh and you Well, I don't
use it. Right. How are you watching
this? Nice try. Gotcha. Renewable energy
was just practical.
There are a lot of farms that are able
to take advantage of this. Uh if yours
is, consider it, my rancher friends.
Fuel shortages. Russia sees doubling of
electric car sales. See, uh
registrations of new battery electric
cars and plug-in hybrids has more than
doubled in Russia this summer compared
to the previous year as a result of the
uh Ukrainian counter strikes in Russia,
which hit refineries and triggered fuel
shortages.
It makes sense. If you can't get
gasoline, you got to do something. And
uh yeah, who are the big winners of
this? The Chinese manufacturers.
Naturally, Russia's not going to be
importing a whole bunch of US and
Western European EVs. No, sir. They are
going to be uh bringing in as many of
the uh of the vehicles as they can from
wherever they can, especially affordable
ones, which means uh yeah, it's going to
be Chinese. Chinese manufacturers
benefit. Ziker, Lee Auto, particularly
well positioned. Um and yeah, Dongfang
is in there. This is a brand you're
probably going to keep hearing more
about, even though we only talked about
it seriously on the channel for the
first time about a year ago when I drove
one, which was, you know, terrifying
because it was in Nepal. Volkswagen's
sleek new concept makes the ID4 look
like a brick. Be careful falling in love
with concept cars. They are rarely
released, but maybe we'll get close. A
new teaser suggests the concept car has
a couplike body style with a teardrop
roof line likely designed for extreme
arrow. That is just headlights.
So, we're going to see more and more of
this stuff. Let's see this play. [music]
See if I can mute it. Well, I don't like
that. Um, but they've got something new
adding.
[music]
do this to to mute that.
Now, this is fun. Are electric cars
really bad for the environment? This is
not a serious question. This is settled
science. We are so far past this that it
makes no sense to even ask it. But here
we are. Some German politicians are
calling for a delay to the EU plan to
phase out gas-powered vehicles, saying
cars must be judged on the entire carbon
footprint. But the full picture, even
with that, says, "EVs are still more
climate friendly." Yes, but only barely,
you guys. This is from Germany's Build
magazine. Build tabloid. Uh, they call
themselves news, wouldn't they? That's
what tabloids love to do. They didn't
mince words when it reported on what
they called the dangerous claim that EVs
were carbon neutral. Conservatives state
premier of Bavaria, home to Audi, BMW,
and Mercedes. Look, my my part of
Germany makes the cars that are actually
good. Here's the problem, you guys.
You're counting tailpipe emissions. You
need to count uh full life emissions,
which again, even if you do that, EVs
come out ahead. And uh on gas cars, on
the dynino burners, on them vehicles,
what be powered by floaty juice, you
need to count only the tailpipe. You
don't need to count the mining, the
refining, the transportation, all of the
things that make the cars actually have
the fuel to burn in the first place.
Don't count that. No, no, no. We want it
skewed in our favor. Look, I get it. You
want to protect your local industry at
the cost of the lives of everyone. Stop
that. Stop that. And if you want to take
out the fact that emissions choke our
air and pollute our water, it's like,
well, you know, you're only looking at
CO2. Great. Can we look at all the other
things that come out of the tailpipe?
Can we factor those in? Well, I'd prefer
you didn't. Great. You're killing us to
make a little bit of headwind uh with
your constituents. And I appreciate I
get it. You're supposed to look out for
your constituents, but at the same time,
don't lie. Don't lie. Uh, this is bad.
Uh, you know, I'm sure there was a lobby
when asbestous was banned, when leaded
gasoline was banned, saying, "Look,
think of the lead farmers." Yeah, they
grow lead. Sure, that's definitely how
it works. It's not mining. Can't be. But
the idea is that you got to be honest.
You've got to be honest. We have the the
the report after report. It's all
consistent.
Who who' they say again? Audi. Oh, hey,
Audi unveils the most efficient EV ever.
401 mile range, 29minute fast charging.
And I know you're thinking, well, it's
surely it's the most efficient Audi ever
made. It's not going to top the actual
list. Look at that. That's decent. It's
cute. Uh, it's, you know, anyway, they
unveiled its all electric compact A2 Ron
that can travel up to 401 miles on a
single charge. 83 kilowatt hour pack, by
the way. And how does that compare?
Well, this is going to get you 288
watt hours per kilometer. Is that what
it is? Um 12.8. So 128 watt hours per
kilometer. How does it compare? Well, I
found uh the electric vehicle database,
the rearw wheelel drive Model 3 Highland
previous record holder at 133. So, this
is 5 W hours per kilometer more
efficient. Good job, Audi, for a car
that looks honestly great. Uh it looks,
you know, maybe that's not its best
angle, but it looks great. It's a decent
size and with an 83 kilowatt hour pack,
that's a lot of range. So, uh, while it
may not be the most exciting thing that
you will see out of I didn't show the
best angle. It's that one. I don't know,
man. I don't know. It may not be the
most exciting vehicle on the market. It
is great to see innovation. It is great
to see them pushing the bounds. Let's
keep it going because I'm not the
biggest fan of the look of German EVs
except this one. 2027 Boxster EV spied
camo free. That's electric.
Oh man, I like that. That's hard to go
wrong with. Please stop it with the ads.
Uh yeah, that's a great looking car. So,
let's get more like this. Let's get
serious. Although I've been seeing some
really shocking reports on how poor TYON
service has been for a number of buyers.
Uh
something you'd be unlikely to see in
the West, but in Hong Kong, there's a
user who's had his car in four times for
what should have been a pack
replacement, but each time was module
replacements. Bunches and bunches of
that.
Ford CEO hits back at government
mistruths about China as its $28,000
electric truck prepares to take on uh
Slate and Chinese rivals. So, here's the
thing. We created all these incentives
in the US. And with any incentive,
sometimes they're perverse incentives
that motivate the wrong thing. And uh
they're mad. The government is super mad
because uh Ford, GM, Stellantis, they're
all forging partnerships with Chinese
firms for international sales of
electric vehicles that are designed in
China, sometimes even manufactured in
China. But when you uh pull the rug out
on a policy that was just passed a few
years ago, it creates chaos. And when
there's a lot of chaos, uh, businesses,
uh, gravitate towards stability because
if you've got too many, uh, too many
waves oscillating, eventually they're
going to overlap and you'll be broke.
Ford hit back at criticism from
television star Shawn Duffy. Tehe I poke
that the automakers becoming overly
reliant on Chinese car companies with
chief executive Jim Farley saying these
are basic misunderstandings, myths,
truths, whatever words you want to use.
He's calling him a liar. Global
Automaker, which is winding up
production of its F-150, is preparing a
smaller, more affordable pickup. The
F-150 officially gone. If you want one,
there are still tons on dealer lots. You
can get one. Dub the Fathom. It'll start
at 28 grand. Guys, I don't care what
your powertrain is. That's a deal on a
truck. And if it's electric, oh my gosh,
get it. Get it done. Get them on the
road. They accuse Ford of actively
intertwining its future with Chinese
statebacked enterprises. Yeah. Yeah.
when the US pulls its plug on you, you
have to deal with someone. That's what
we're having in Canada. Canada has a lot
of uh man, a lot of companies, the
government itself, everyone is kind of
saying, well, if we can't get our EVs
from the US, our biggest trade partner,
what do we do? Just not have EVs. I know
that's the objective of the fossil fuel
lobby, but some countries are not owned
by the fossil fuel lobby and just want
their citizens to be able to drive
affordable, clean cars. Sucks. But bad
policies equal bad outcomes. You got to
think of the second order consequences.
You can't just slap on a tariff and
assume that that's going to give you the
result you want. No, you need to uh
actually understand that that a reaction
will happen. And then there's the third
and fourth order. I mean even second
order, but any of the deeper
consequences that follow on from those
policies. Yeah. The company subsequently
confirmed the plant would use technology
and expertise from CL, but Ford would
own and operate the facility. Well, you
want batteries? Guess who makes them?
Guess. Go on. I'll wait. We're not
enabling the Chinese to come here.
Actually, you could argue it's the
opposite. We own the factory. We produce
more vehicles in the US, employ more
hourly manufacturing workers, and export
more vehicles than any other automaker.
And that's true. Tesla doesn't export
very much from the US. Most of the
exports globally come from China to
other countries. Uh Canada gets its
Model Y's from Berlin and its Model 3s
from China. Canada uniquely has had cars
from every factory Tesla has. It's very
fun. BMW is testing the IX5
hydrogen and preparing it for series
production,
guys. What are you doing? Hydrogen.
Hydrogen.
Come on. Um, great. That's exciting. Um,
stop. So unless we get some new physics
which I do not believe uh the universe
is prepared to unveil uh hydrogen not
not a great solution. Uh and then you
have to figure in oh uh the humanity.
Hey, uh Tesla's teasing their Euro semi
side camera side mirrors, no light bar,
550 kilometers of range with 2027
deliveries. Uh the difference to the
North American spec are subtle, but it's
the same badass mother trucker
underneath. Tesla's officially unveiled
it. Uh it is uh has 342 milesi of range,
[clears throat]
40 ton gross combination weight, mega
charger support up to 800 kW and
deliveries beginning. It's more
efficient. It's uh great to see it. Uh
yeah, one kilowatt hour per kilometer.
So you're going to get 1.6 miles uh per
kilowatt, which is more efficient than
the stated specs of the US version. the
long range anyway. And that's likely
because it's got less battery. It's got
the new Atlas technology
with the light bar. That's an Atlas, the
second generation of truck. And I don't
know what the difference is with the
second generation truck, but it's very
exciting. They will not let me tour the
factory. Uh, and I assume it's because
unlike the people who are invited to see
the factory, I know what I'm looking at
and I will tell you. Uh, so they're very
careful about guarding that. Europe
version. Uhhuh. You can see it's real
stubby. You want that length to stay
short. North American version. Um, can't
really see because I've got dark mode
here, but the back goes longer. So, it's
very exciting to see they are thinking
about it because you have to have enough
market. One viewer helpfully pointed out
that the US North America market for big
rigs is only 200 250,000
and the global market is only 400,000.
And you say, how's that even possible?
Because class 8 is a North American
designation and it doesn't overlap
neatly with all the other nations. So
there are a lot of big trucks in other
countries that don't fall neatly into
that classification. You need to get
outside of it to make it work a bit.
Go for launch 1001. Common uh commonly
held belief on this is that what we're
looking at is upside down. Would Tesla
do that to us? Yeah. Yeah, they would.
They would. So,
uh October 1st, guys, Roadster will be
reunveiled. Hopefully this time it won't
be another nine years before we hear
about it again, but we believe it won't.
That it will be go going into production
relatively quickly. Joe Techmire has
seen a lot of equipment being packed
into the factory in Texas where we know
it's going to be made into a section of
the factory that previously did not have
auto manufacturing. Not the section
where Cyber Cab is made. Not where Model
Y or Cybertruck is made. What on earth
could it be for?
Something new is the hope. If you've
bought a Roadster and you have a plus
one, hey, let's break the curse. Let's
see if we can get me into an event. But
I'm not holding my breath.
Tesla regains majority of US EV market
as rivals retreat, per Wall Street
Journal and others. Yes, more than half
the market. I don't care. I'm not
impressed. It is not an EV market. It's
a car market and EVs are doing badly.
So, uh getting, you know, my brother did
this in uh autocross. He was uh he'd
moved up a division and he was getting
crushed by these other riders. So, he
dropped down a division and now he's
number one. Great. Uh, would you rather
get a B or a B minus in the varsity
level stuff or do you want to just play
JV? I don't know. The US in
electrification has relegated itself to
junior varsity. Not very serious. 52% of
US auto sales through August. Of course,
I mean, you banned the Mexican cars that
were previously allowed. Those aren't
going to sell. Uh, imports are
Come on. Uh for investors, Tesla's
rising strengths uh rising share
strengthens its competitive position but
doesn't resolve weakening demand. There
it is. Hey, how's the stock doing? No
one knows. It's not published. Oh, I
found it. Look at that. Going to refresh
it just to make sure. Yeah, 36050.
Fine. Uh how are our buddies over at uh
Space Shia doing? Space 10, I forget
what it's called. 15088
uh with a six-month here. It's fine. And
I would say that we've got some new
float issues coming up with more unlocks
for sales. The floated number of shares
will increase, meaning passive funds are
going to be required to pick up more
shares. So, while there is selling
pressure because unlocks are coming and
some people just want they money and
they haven't called JG Wentworth, not a
sponsor obviously. Uh, and can you hear
that song [laughter]
anyway? Uh, there will also be upside
pressure because uh the passive funds,
the index funds, the tracker funds will
just be snapping up shares. I suspect
between the two it will be a wash. Uh,
so in terms of finances, I don't know. I
never know which way to tell you to go.
If I knew, I'd be too busy counting my
duckets to uh tell you what to do.
Speaking of uh so much money, I don't
have that much, but uh you could support
the mission. There's a variety of ways
to do it. All of it helps. YouTube does
not pay all that well. I do not have all
that many subscribers. And you can even
just subscribe. It's uh free. It's
complimentary and I would appreciate it.
Hey, uh, BYD to put solid state battery
technology into vehicles next year,
executive confirms. And when we say
executive, we mean Stella Lee. You may
have seen her on interviews before. She
was uh, she's an executive vice
president. Her old title was director of
sales for the Americas, I think,
something like that. She was the one
interviewed saying, "Yeah, we are not
making moves to get BYDs into the US.
You can relax."
Uh BYD plans to have vehicles using its
solid state battery technology next
year. Uh the statement uh sets a
near-term demonstration target. Uh so
the reality is solid state is almost
here. And to my Donut Labs fans, I don't
know what to tell you, but that was the
clearest scam I'd ever seen. And lo and
behold, it was. They're claiming they're
still moving forward.
But they've claimed a lot of things. And
you know, fool me 30 or 40 times. Shame
on, I guess, everyone. Shame on my own
parents for letting me be fooled so many
times. I wasn't. A battery installed in
a running vehicle must withstand
vibration, temperature changes, repeated
charge and discharge cycles while
maintaining its mechanical and thermal
operating conditions. That's why a lot
of things work in the lab but not in the
real world. You make this battery,
you're like, "Oh my gosh, we've got the
process, we've got the procedure, we've
got the chemistry. Let's put it in a
vehicle and see." Oh, it vibrated loose.
Darn it. So, that's
sometimes how that works. CL has
unofficially unveiled TechTrans 2, a
modular commercial vehicle platform,
third wave of global energy. This is
aimed at high uh heavy duty trucks and
delivering up to 621 miles up to doing
the heavy lifting even more than the
truck. Supports megawatt class charging.
Carries a design life of 12 years or
about a million miles on par with other
CL products.
built around real operating needs,
designed to support faster payback,
higher operating returns, and stronger
residual value. So, this is uh
unsurprising. CL is in a lot of cars. Um
that's one of the struggles they have is
validating their tech for so many
vehicles. In China, there are three new
vehicles, three new models released
every day. Most of them have CL
batteries. CL has to validate and uh
keep them all going. So, it's a bit
tricky in that way. Um,
this will allow manufacturers to have uh
to have a battery that's ready to go for
big rigs. Good news. Our protectionist
policies will keep a lot of these out of
the US and North America generally, but
uh there's only so long protectionism
can save you. Tesla's already well
positioned with their battery. This gets
them up to Tesla's level. Uh but Tesla
is a moving target. So the other
manufacturers, the ones who are already
in a bit of trouble in terms of
electrification, are in more trouble,
specifically outside the US. But these
batteries, I mean, the batteries are not
banned. These batteries will make it to
the US, but the tariffs are going to
keep them a bit low. China's launching
nearly three new EVs a day. Yeah, that's
the one I covered last week. Um, global
EV market research uh market reaches 1.8
million sales in August. Now, there's a
little bit hiding in this graph. This
goes back over time. Yellow being China,
orange being Europe, red being North
America, and blue being the rest of the
world. Look at this dip in January.
Well, if you just look at the yellow,
that's China. And you can see that the
majority of this dip is China. What's
missing from this graph, what is not
showing up here is that there is a huge
amount of softening in the Chinese auto
market, not just for EVs, but for
hybrids and for dynino burners. The
market's real soft. So, this uh the fact
that it is up year-over-year
uh is pretty remarkable. But you can see
we're off the all-time highs, but 1.83
million just in August. Fantastic
news. Um, I did want to let you guys
know about this conference. It is a
virtual conference. This is the last
little bit of story today. Charged
virtual conference EV engineering. I'll
be uh watching as many of these as I
can. Uh, it's today through the 17th and
there's a variety of topics. stationary
energy storage compliance. What you
don't know, centralized and flexible
scalable measurements at your desk. Uh
advancing battery safety through early
thermal runaway detection. There's some
real great topics here. This is
charged.com.
No affiliation with them. I uh have been
following this for a while. This is my
kind of nerd stuff. Uh, so these go on
for the next couple days. Uh, and check
it out. Hey, let's get to the comments,
shall we? I think we should probably,
uh, address your concerns, guys. Uh,
this is the end of the main news. Now,
it's time for the part where we have a
chitty chat. Let's see how much uh, love
andor hostility. We should check this,
by the way. Uh, how much do you look
forward to it? Wait, how long has this
been a thing? Is in second place. I
don't know, like a year or two. Uh, I'm
with Garfield on Mondays. Can't blame
you. Never miss it. 31%. I'll take it.
First time here, 24%. Please subscribe.
I'd love to have you back every Monday
at 9:00 a.m. Pacific.
End the poll. Thank you guys for
participating. We appreciate you. Volume
lol. Um, hopefully I'm a little louder
now. Hello peeps. Hey from the UK.
Morning. I was the one who spotted the
cyber cab in North Portland on Friday.
headed to Belleview. Who knows? [sighs]
Howdy, howdy, howdy. I'm a cowboy
indeed. I enjoy that far side as well
with the vulture being a a real wise guy
dressing up as a cowboy. Um, did I say
something that cued that in? Because
that is definitely always in my head.
Morning all. Morning. Yes. Uh, yeah.
People don't realize how fast electric
will surpass gas and diesel. 5 years
there will be more EV than gas. you
would think, but sometimes there are
thumbs on the scale. Many countries have
put their thumb on the scale to say it's
really time we'd really prefer EVs for
the benefit of everyone, especially in
countries with uh universal healthcare
where the government's the one paying
for the externalities. They're like,
maybe we should pay a little bit more to
get people into EVs and a whole lot less
to keep them from dying of respiratory
illness. Hey, man. Uh, I just I just
look at the numbers and I go out several
rings to see the the ripples and the
ripples are there.
Um,
what
I visited Bavaria. I love it there for
beer, pretzels, and pork cooked in many
delightful ways. Uh,
I have not been to Bavaria.
Uh, I've seen pictures. Does that count?
Um, I've been I've been close to it.
Takes so much fuel to bring people fuel.
Electrons are pretty light and I hear a
pretty easy to transport. That's the
reality. And I say this about both the
transportation of uh petrol of uh fossil
fuel, but I say it about battery swaps
as well. It's a lot easier to move
electrons than it is to move atoms.
Safer generally as well. Every tanker is
just is just parasitic waste. It is. It
is. If you were to look at just the
amount of power used to turn oil into
gasoline, it would be enough to give
every EV in the country, I think, two
charges a year. So, uh it's very
wasteful. Tesla is good. Uh anyway, we
can get further insights on your 23
battery issues and system uh symptoms
leading up to it. There were no
symptoms. If I had gone into the service
menu, I would have seen the voltage
disparity. Uh the there was a uh
irregularity. One module was charging at
a rate that was inconsistent with the
others. It started about a month before
my uh pack failure on my 2023 Model Y
with 33,000 miles. A Fremont build with
Nevada batteries. There was no way to
see it coming. Other than that, if you
were to check inside your app in your
service menu, that is twice a month, you
might have spotted it. But if you didn't
check twice a month, you wouldn't have
spotted it. So, what happened was
module, I don't know, 53 um had a bad
cell. It wasn't charging consistently
with the others for the protection of
the vehicle. The car said, "Oh, we're
going to limit your charging rate and
amount." And then it just kept falling.
So service took it in, swapped it out
with a remanufactured pack. So I'll be
performing a battery health check on
that.
Electron highways last a long time, too.
They don't need to be resurfaced very
often, I hear. That's right. That sounds
right. Audi won't be the most exciting
vehicle on the market, but it will be
the most I mean, it'll be the most
expensive. You got to give them that.
[laughter]
I'd love to see the MG Roadster show up
in Canada. This Yeah. What do they call
it? The Cyberster. It's a terrible name,
but it's a cool car. Uh I want to know
if they'll install turn signals in them
uh for a change. Oh, the BMW Hydrogen.
Uh they have turn signals. They don't
work. They're decorative. Uh but yeah,
uh you need another button for enjoy it
when I can remember to watch. Uh, I
don't like that you only get four
options on the poll, but that's how it
goes.
Uh, let's see. Smash that thumb. Ouch.
But the people in charge uh could
comprehend uh first first order
consequences. That would help. They
don't. [clears throat] They don't. It's
tricky. A lot of people say, "I want a
politician who's not a politician." And
then they get them and go, "Man, this
guy is incompetent or corrupt or
whatever it may be.
I want a politician who knows how to be
a politician. I know need someone who
understands compromise, who understands
to hire the best people, the absolute
best people behind you, who can help you
make the right decisions. Think of
second, third, fourth order
consequences.
And we don't have that at the moment. We
have uh macho macho ducks. So, it's very
frustrating. Uh let's see. current
administration doesn't understand
anything regarding economics. This has
been a disaster of major proportions.
Unfortunate
hydrogen still, yeah, I don't understand
why. It's got to be bolstered by the
fossil fuel industry because that's
where all the fossil uh the hydrogen
comes from, from reformed natural gas.
It is a fossil fuel product. Very dumb.
Do I have thoughts on Morgan Stanley
finally getting behind Tesla new higher
price target? What were they at like
780? Um I don't have thoughts on it. I
think I mean Morgan Stanley, isn't that
Adam Jonas? They've been behind Tesla
for a while. Um but if you see the Cyber
Cab rolling out and you believe in it,
you've got to price that in. So the
stock price will run up and then crash.
Exact timing. I am not free to share.
Yeah, big fish small pond sucks. I hate
it. Late to the party. So, we're
listening to you at 1x speed now that
I've caught you live and in living
color. Yeah, I do that as well. One and
a quarter, one and a half, depending on
the guest. Uh, this administration is
just all in on AI. No, no, because all
this nonsense started before they even
knew what the AI was doing. Um, no AI or
bust, that's fine. That's a separate
issue and they're definitely not
thinking of any of the consequences of
that. Uh, no one wants week old donuts.
Day old, I'll take week old.
Once Tesla gets full autonomy, the FSD
takeover will be so swift, Uber and the
like will just vanish. I hope so. But
the whole thing about uh slowly at first
and then eventually also slowly is
driving me mad, man. Gotta figure out
what's going on. A nothing burger for
the stock indeed. I mean, I know you
have burger in the name, so it's on the
mind, but uh it's fun that Americans put
things in in context of burgers, and
when there's nothing there, they're
like, "Okay, imagine imagine no burger."
Yeah, we just love our burgers, man. And
we love you, Jeff Burgerer, because you
are the meatiest of the bunch. Uh you
need to pay attention more. There is no
huge roll out happening. It's going to
be slow city by city launch.
feels that way. I mean, feels that way.
It's uh it would have been more exciting
if the technology worked in a way that
would have permitted an all at once
thing, but it does not appear to be the
case right now. It is it remain that way
for every single city where there'll be
a shift in pace. Okay, so we got to wrap
this up, guys. Uh let's see if there's
anything else. Oh gosh.
Yeah, I got to just scroll through it.
Uh 40% of Uber is Uber Eats delivery.
They'll be around for a while. Why? Why?
If it's half the price for delivery and
you're not expected to leave a tip, are
you willing to walk outside and grab it
out of the car when it arrives? Way
better. As soon as tailpipe emissions
become less, they'll be able to get a
dog in good conscience.
[laughter]
Dogs do have a large carbon footprint.
People don't realize it. Um, yeah. I
mean, your kid has a bigger carbon
footprint than your SUV, according to
Tim mentioned. I had to go with Garfield
for all the wrong reasons, but I'm up
for disarray on Mondays.
Okay. I'm looking forward to the
hydrogen BMW, said nobody. Correct.
Yeah. Oh, so so so I didn't say anything
about it, but I got the cowboy joke. Uh,
let's see here. Yeah, because a after
with how long you've been here, I think
you have a pretty good idea of my type
of humor.
All right. Uh,
anything else? Anything critical? All
right, good. Volume level really low.
I'll reboot the mic afterwards. I'm
looking at my levels and they look
pretty okay. Not topnotch, but I can
work on it. Guys, what did I miss? What
did I misunderstand? Beats me, man.
Leave it in them comments below. If
you're catching this on the replay, you
got to let me know. Everyone else, stay
tuned, stay juicy, and I can't wait to
hear from you clever robots all upon
that flippity flop.