Channel:     futureaza
Title:       Tesla Just Flipped The Entire Europe EV Narrative Upside Down
URL:         https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TGSWAmIVSvM
Published:   2026-05-28 12:00 UTC
Fetched:     2026-05-28 13:00 UTC

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Tesla sales are genuinely rebounding,
especially in places like Europe where
it was battered for so long you'd think
it was fish and chips. Uh we've also got
big new sales from places like Colombia,
a new market where it's just emerging. I
got Herbert here giggling at my jokes as
he is uh want to do from time to time.
But we've got real charts from Roland uh
Percher Pali and uh some other news
stories from around the world that will
help give us context. And of course, we
have to have one story at the end that
shows how silly some of the journalists
can be sometimes. Let's take a look at
them. I'm Brian. Welcome to Futurazza.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. They're battered,
Herbert. Of course. Of course. So, what
we've got here, and we talked about this
on your show, I don't know, probably
today. Uh, but Colombia, good numbers.
uh 316%
in April, which when you see a number
that big, you have to know that it's
being compared to a very small number.
Uh because come on, that's a that's a
huge jump. But now EVs already make up
20% of the market. That's big adoption,
surpassing all expectations. Columbia's
EV market is once again growing at
explosive rates with sales in April of
26, more than 300% above those in April.
April. Okay, so that's a delivery wave
certainly, but BEV market share alone uh
is almost 20% compared to 7.4% a year
ago. It's almost like there are electric
cars on the market and gas prices are
high. Uh Colombia has a fair amount of
hydro power. So, uh it is reasonable to
believe that their electricity rates are
not outrageous where just about anywhere
in the world at the moment gas prices
are. What do we make of this?
&gt;&gt; Well, first of all, yeah, 20% EV share,
be EEV share specifically, is what we're
seeing across the world, except the
United States. So, people who live in
the US sometimes feel like, you know,
EVs are just a nice to have. It's
nothing big. We're going to still stick
with our gas cars. True for the US, but
not for the world. Here's a good
example. Uh the growth here is small,
but it's significant enough that Tesla
just announced that they're growing
their superchargers there, but that
they're adding superchargers. Uh and so
they they know that they're expecting
the growth to continue. They need to
have the as you as you conquer countries
one at a time, you need to have the
supercharger network. And so globally,
that is what Tesla is working on these
days. So 20% small. These are tiny
numbers. What are we talking there?
5,000 cars, right?
&gt;&gt; Yes.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; Great.
&gt;&gt; But it's it's a good start. Yeah,
&gt;&gt; it is a good start. And what we're
seeing here is not a whole lot of
plug-in hybrids in the mix. It is almost
entirely battery electric uh entire, you
know, drivetrains without any dynino
juice in the mix whatsoever.
&gt;&gt; So, looks good.
&gt;&gt; Yeah,
&gt;&gt; that's a great chart.
&gt;&gt; That chart to me says gas prices just
spiked.
Well, I mean it's just spiked in last
few months.
&gt;&gt; Well, yes, since January.
&gt;&gt; Not not for two years. Oh, I see. Yeah.
I'm trying to compare the this the
growth from 20, you know, 2022 to 25.
That's not because gas prices. That is
just regular adoption. Regular adoption.
Colombia was late to get EVs at all. And
once they got there, it's clear that
there was some pent up demand. Roland
Percher does some fantastic chart work.
Uh this is uh for Chile reported 242
Tesla sales, but that's 0.9% of the
market share in April with BEV
penetration now at 5%. Tesla has 16% of
that market. So um this is, you know, a
small market. A handful of units is
going to make a big splash. I'm just
delighted to see Tesla moving into these
smaller markets where a lot of auto
manufacturers don't bother going. Why
would we? It's too it's too expensive.
It's prohibitive. Whatever it may be. Uh
so good to see. In Europe, uh 3.6K
Tesla sales were reported for the week
of May 18th to 24th. Up 32% week
overweek, 67% compared to the same week
last year. But we can just uh and this
is for it says Tesla sales from some
European countries. To clarify, Germany
does not provide up to the week
reporting the way many other countries
do. Some do even up to the day. Uh you
can only compile the numbers that are
available. If you look at the end of Q4
uh of 25, big fall off there, presumably
delivery wave related, don't know. Uh
but here we are. The purple line is this
year. So you can see that. While not as
big as Q4 of 25, uh it is bigger than
other recent quarters, which is which is
&gt;&gt; 47%
last month compared to last year. That
is huge. And that's apparently the third
consecutive month of growth across
European countries. I think he's
covering not just the Oh, he's got very
specific countries, right? The ones that
he can track.
&gt;&gt; Yes. But the new report from APAC is it
AA that they they're showing that it's
beyond the EU countries, it's multiple
countries in addition to that. This
rebound is real uh for Tesla. And I
think you mentioned it recently where
yes, there was brand damage, but that
seemed to have gone away now. It's a
better car and people are buying Teslas
again. And I think that's the real
story. Mhm. The countries reporting UK,
Norway, Netherlands, Sweden, Denmark,
Italy, Spain, Switzerland, Czech
Republic, and Iceland, representing
about 60% of sales in Europe. Uh then we
get to this other chart. Year-to- date
sales in Europe are up 28K or 45.8%
from last year. A few countries like
France and Spain where sales this year
are at record highs. France and Spain
record highs. This is the end. Clearly,
Herbert, it's the end. Uh there's
nowhere to go from here, but uh also up
and sideways. Uh no, maybe. I don't
know.
&gt;&gt; To to what extent do you think, uh
Brian, that this is demand for Teslas
because they think Tesla's a better car
or do you think that it's because the
other competitors just fell off the map.
They start to pull back. They start to
have less offerings. What do you think
is the actual driver?
&gt;&gt; I think it's it's a better car. It's a
better car with a longer pedigree. And
uh if you're going to look at a car,
here's something people say, "Oh gosh,
have you seen the new whatever? The Jeep
Wagon Ear. Yes, I drove it. I was not
impressed. But what if I was impressed?
What if I loved it?" I would still be
deeply hesitant because I don't know if
you're going to continue supporting this
vehicle. I don't know if it's going to
be around in a year. And that has proven
true time and again with a lot of these
other car companies where they just kind
of dip their toes in the water and
immediately get back out. I don't want
an orphaned product. I don't want
something that has no, you know,
long-term support. It's great that some
of these companies are saying, "We're
going to offer ongoing overthe-air
updates." Most of them don't. Some of
them do a few updates, but once the car
is abandoned, they're not going to
update anything. They're going to forget
about it and move on to the next thing.
So, I would want a car that I know is
going to be supported, that I know my
shop is going to know how to fix without
having to find the one guy who still
remembers the Jeep Wagon ear. Uh, so I
think that's a big part of it. What What
is your take? Well, I that's what I'm
trying to understand because I know that
China is made presence in Europe, but
actually they're not selling as much as
they want to be selling. I know that the
European country, the European auto
brands are pulling back a little bit.
So, I'm sure it's a little bit of
everything. I just think that Tesla's
cars are the better car. I think Elon
himself made a post recently saying
product is much more important than
brand. At the end of the day, people
come back to the better car. So, we saw
that in Chile they'd sold what 126 cars
and that was quite good. Did you know in
Norway they sold uh
&gt;&gt; 400 in one day?
&gt;&gt; Yeah, in one day.
&gt;&gt; Tiny country, but boy, this is taking
off there. Yeah,
&gt;&gt; they can't get enough of it. This is
like their serrumming. They just love
this stuff. I don't know. Uh we did see
uh what you were talking about the sales
trend in Europe. Tesla finally breaks
its 13month sales losing streak. For a
little over a year, Tesla's might has
been on the decline in Europe. Remind
me, why were sales down?
&gt;&gt; I don't know what happened to the car
last year, but I guess nobody wanted to
buy it and they had to shut down the
factory because the demand fell.
&gt;&gt; No, in fact, it's because of this car
you can see in the photograph. They were
closed for retooling, as you of course
know perfectly well.
&gt;&gt; I don't know. I read all the headlines
and they told me that it was
&gt;&gt; you can't sell a car that you're not
building. You have to ship it before
people can buy it. Un. And so well, when
you know Honda comes out with the all
new Accord, their sales don't slip,
&gt;&gt; right? Because they've got months of
inventory on the lots holding them for
them. So, I don't know how to say get
real in uh in Swedish, but Tesla's ended
its 13-month sales losing streak,
recording a significant uptake tick in
year-over-year registrations, now a
proxy for sales. Last month, the
American car company sold 13,740
cars in the European Union, the UK, and
the European Free Trade Association, a
29% increase over the same month last
year. Now, we saw the charts. The charts
look like a return to normal, much
higher than 25, but a little higher than
23 and 24. How encouraging is this? How
discouraging is this?
&gt;&gt; Oh, it's obviously it's encouraging. I
mean, I I want to see the sales go back
up again regardless of we're going to
have this conversation with does it
really matter vehicle sales? Um, yes, it
does. These are going to be future robo
taxis. So, the more sales you can have
and I think you and I also talked about
that. Um, and I agree with you that the
sales increase here is really just
returning back to normal. But at the
time when other car companies are
failing and falling back, just keep that
in context. But also at a time when FSD
hasn't yet made a real kind of a, you
know, inroads. They they've they've been
approved in the Netherlands. There's
been some test trials uh multiple
countries in Europe. It's probably going
to be approved in multiple countries and
maybe even the EU wide 28 countries will
approve FSE. But when that happens,
wait till you see what next year's sales
will be. It's going to be it's a
difference between one car that can
self-drive and other cars that don't. I
think it really is a real demand driver,
especially now with version 14.3.3.
The biggest new feature that.3 did over
point two is unsupervis. It's like this
longer uh before they longer time frames
before they nag you. So less nags. Some
people are reporting that they can like
basically look at their phone and text
for over a minute before the thing might
even
&gt;&gt; un flash at you. And many times
depending on your situation, you can
drive for hours. So one guy reported he
was driving for over an hour and it
didn't nag him.
&gt;&gt; Wow. So this is real to the point where
first of all by the way you you
mentioned this also that people are
doing this without FSD in the car they
are looking at their phones they're
texting away we we have seen this the
jump in uh deaths because of people
texting that is happening as regards to
what you're saying now I'd rather have
FSD in the car supervised FSD but we're
now getting closer and closer to
unsupervised which is they're just
extending spending the time. They're
allowing you. If the car feels like it's
pretty safe, it it's got this. It's got
less chance of an actual accident.
They're not going to nag you. And so,
you can look around. They're not going
to announce that because that's that is
still not ready for that. But people are
discovering as they're, you know, people
are going to say, "Well, that's going to
backfire because it's so dangerous now."
&gt;&gt; No.
&gt;&gt; Is it? Is it? I I don't think it's any
it's it's less I I highly advise
everyone at this point to turn on FSE
supervise because it is more it is
better than I am at making sure that I
don't get into an accident. So I'm not
out there to tell you go ahead and you
know text. I don't do that. I won't do
that for extended periods of time. But
I'd rather you be using FSE supervise
and not if you are going to do it
&gt;&gt; right. It's like the people who say
they're dangerous because people can die
in a high-speed crash. I say, uh, don't
go 100. Don't go 100 miles an hour.
Don't do 130. But if you're going to,
please be in the safest car possible.
So, please don't do it. But if you are
going to, no one knows that you can
basically the car drives you from, you
know, point A to point B and you can
look away for a period of time. Once
people figure that out and and I was
saying this to you that the country
itself in Europe has to approve it. I I
don't know like if I would buy a Tesla
because of FSZ if if FS is not yet
approved in my country but as soon as it
is and I starting to realize what it can
do I think it is a demand driver we're
starting to see that here in the US that
people are trying are actually buying
more Teslas because of FSD than they
ever did before like last year two years
ago. Mhm. I'm going to point out
something about BYD, ask you about some
legacy stuff, but we still have a bunch
of stories to get to. I just wanted to
mention for those who don't know, July
10th through 26th, uh, is a little show
in Long View, Washington called Three
Bandits and a Baby.
&gt;&gt; This is not a sponsored segment. I'm the
sheriff in the play and you should come
see me. I've got discount codes
available for my fans. SWN
20 gets you 20% off at checkout.
stageworksnorthwest.com.
Uh come and see me. I will be there. We
can chat after the show.
&gt;&gt; I've been to one of to your uh to this
what is it the play last year and you
were so good. It was fantastic. I highly
recommend it. We we had a really good
time. Uh I just wanted to ask you, are
you a liar, a scoundrel, or a villain?
&gt;&gt; So, we're all intermittently one of
them. I don't know how much liar I am,
but I'm definitely a scoundrel as the
sheriff.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Yeah. Uh and uh if you can't do
that, hey, in just a matter of days,
probably seven days by the time this
comes out, is the summer meetup in
Moskegan. Got to join me for that. Got
to be there. Uh tesla Michigan.org
is the website. Uh tickets remain
available. Hey, despite the increased
sales in Europe, Tesla's still behind
BYD, which has been expanding its dealer
presence in Europe and is aggressively
pricing its cars, it has seen a 185%
increase. So, if Tesla's going up and
BYD is going up, who is going down? I
don't know if you've heard this,
Herbert, but Volkswagen and Stalantis
are both reducing their total capacity
by about a million cars each. Yeah,
&gt;&gt; that's where the sales are coming from.
And I'll tell you, if you lose someone
who was brand loyal, you may never get
them back.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. And and the European car
companies, that was what it their brand
loyalty is so powerful. It was it it was
bulletproof. Uh I I often talk about my
sister who just loves BMWs and
specifically Mercedes and that brand
loyalty is so strong and uh she's
recently started talking about Teslas
for the first time but it you know when
that when you lose that I I don't know
what else because we know that these
cars you know they they used to be the
leader they used to have luxury but the
world has moved to tech tech first. You
know this, you went to China and they
don't they don't try to sell you on
leather seats with better stitching.
&gt;&gt; They sell you on technology. It's got a
fridge and your car don't have fridge.
My car has a fridge. My my seats rotate
360 degrees. Yours don't. That's the
kind of things that they people want
these days. Um and you're bringing, you
know, a smartphone to or you're bringing
a better Blackberry to a smartphone new
world. So you're you're going to lose
now.
&gt;&gt; It's a different product with a
different philosophy. And that will get
us into why don't we discuss it right
now. The whole uh thing about uh about
do car sales matter? But I did want to
say that I'm surprised that when Tesla
got rid of the blinker stock that the
BMW driver in your family wasn't
excited. You'd think BMW people would be
like, "No blinker, that's my jam."
Never. Uh
&gt;&gt; I don't get it.
&gt;&gt; Oh. Oh. They
&gt;&gt; but they're bringing it back. The
blinker the bigger block
&gt;&gt; the blinker stock is back. Yes. But I
don't know if you know this on a BMW.
The blinker is decorative. It's
optional. Doesn't do anything. I had a
BMW. It's not for blinkers. Doesn't
work. I don't know. It's just a classic.
&gt;&gt; Oh, I see you're saying they the BMW
asked.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Yeah.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. I I had a BMW. So maybe I'm one of
those people that I don't I don't like
Hey, it's my road. I own the road.
&gt;&gt; Right. Right. Don't you know I paid
slightly more than you for a car? Uh
therefore, but on the issue of does it
matter? The world's going autonomous. Uh
you're saying that all these cars should
be in the robo taxi network, but cyber
cab can be minted at a ridiculous pace.
How much how much does today's units on
the road matter for robo taxi? I would
argue the real value in getting units
out the door today is in FSD revenue
&gt;&gt; supervised or unsupervised.
&gt;&gt; If you look at what Tesla's done, they
clearly made this this decision. Okay.
So two, three years ago, you and I did
many shows. You visited Giga Mexico, the
future site of Giga Mexico. The governor
even announced one weekend. We are
launching this this Monday. Remember
that? Well, we knew there were rumors
that of Monday, but uh they were
unsubstantiated.
&gt;&gt; Tesla pulled back on on Giga Mexico. The
recession was happening. Elon didn't
want to invest. The other thing that
they pulled back on, which was revealed
in the Walter Isaxis book, is they
decided not to go with a model 2. That
was the biggest. why aren't you rolling
out a cheaper sub $30,000
compact car that will sell like
hotcakes? And instead Elon said, you
know what, FSE is going to come in
several years, let's go ahead and build
a cyber cab robo taxi first vehicle. The
executives had to convince him that,
well, just in case FSE is not ready, can
we at least make this car so that it can
potentially be used as a car if if not
needed? And he agreed to that. So that's
what he decided to do. Why did he do
that? So if he had already decided that
Tesla as a company was not going to try
to increase car sales to people to buy
to own right then and there. Now does it
matter? Of course. It's the primary
revenue stream for Tesla 80 plus
percentage points. But at the end of the
day that we are now in fully in the new
book and the goal for Tesla is to
increase robo taxi sales or autonomous
first vehicles on the robo taxi
platform. So they say, you know, they
they stopped making the Model S and X.
Not tiny numbers, but that's just a
signal. You know, we're going to now
focus more of our resources on Optimus
and uh we're going to build millions of
cyber caps and millions of other form
factors of robo taxi first vehicles. So
does Model 3, Model Y sales still
matter? Yes. Does it really matter that
much? Probably not. And then the
question I want to ask you though, this
is interesting is there's been a promise
by Yulon many times over and over that
we can take our Model 3s and Model Y's
and put it into the network and it can
become robo taxis themselves. He has
said right uh how many times he's
promised you even calculated the numbers
of how much money you would make and how
much time you could put into the
network. And in fact, the business model
requires it because if Tesla floods a
city with, let's say, 3,000 cyber cabs,
but they need peaks, peak volumes, and
so it's perfect that they don't own the
cars, but then, you know, like Uber when
there's a when there's a big game going
on, you send your car in and it can
cover the peaks. That's the best
business model. But maybe there's now
rumors now. Maybe there they won't even
allow this to happen anymore. they don't
need this to happen anymore. Do you
think that that's the plan?
&gt;&gt; I don't know. And frankly, I'm a little
concerned about it. I've always been
skeptical that they would want to share
in something so outrageously profitable.
But the more little bits and pieces we
see added to the robo taxis deployed in
Austin, the more I'm concerned that our
vehicles won't qualify, whether it's
because we don't have all the camera
squirters or because we don't have the
Starlink Mini built in.
I don't know. I don't know. And I'm a
little concerned for a number of buyers.
&gt;&gt; The reason why this matters is that if
if there truly is the business model
where you want customerowned cars to
supplement a robo taxi fleet in in every
city for the peak demand, then that's
when you'll go, okay, hey, you want to
sell as many of these you can because
they are all future robo taxis. But if
they decide not to include it, they
don't need it. They'll just, you know,
just flood it with um with with, you
know, cyber cabs
&gt;&gt; and the company's moved on.
&gt;&gt; No need to create these kind of cars
anymore. One cyber cab is equivalent to
what five cars
&gt;&gt; per year.
&gt;&gt; I would argue it's more like three to
four because of the concentration of
hours when people are actually using the
road.
&gt;&gt; I'm talking about revenue to Tesla.
&gt;&gt; Oh, revenue. Oh, yeah. Without a doubt.
Oh, without a doubt.
Yes, I can sell you a car and make four
or five grand or I can keep one and make
25 a year. So, it's uh crazy. Uh it's
Yeah. And that's just on Model Y. Forget
the even more beneficial cyber cab.
Okay. Hey uh Herbert, if I didn't know
what a delivery wave was, uh would I
come up with a story as dumb as this one
from Automotive News Group? The Daca
Sandero rebounds to reclaim Europe's
sales lead in April as model Tesla Y
tumbles.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, April
month of the quarter.
&gt;&gt; They know better. This is automotive
news.
&gt;&gt; You would think this gentleman Douglas
Bullduck does not appear young enough to
be quite so foolish. uh you must so I
had the whole story up but when I
rebooted uh I hit the payw wall but yeah
it's uh
back to the top of European uh the
Europe's monthly sales rankings. Do you
think it's going to hold
&gt;&gt; What is the Dark Dsia Sandere? What is
that?
&gt;&gt; Uh I mean it's it's a comically it's a
car that's bad enough that they make fun
of it. Uh, it's a Eastern European
company. It's pronounced DACA, but of
course on Top Gear.
&gt;&gt; On Top Gear, James May would always call
it the Da the Dia Sandere. Uh, it was a
car that they would make fun of every
week.
&gt;&gt; So, that's the Tesla killer. I guess
they killed Tesla. It's over.
&gt;&gt; That is the That is a hilarious idea.
That's like calling a Yugo the uh Ford
Taurus killer.
&gt;&gt; Uh, so great. Great. Hey, uh, this is a
fun one. This is the last one for today,
but Tesla EV registrations in Europe
spike, the stock is closing in on a buy
point because everyone knows, Herbert,
you want to wait for the stock to go up
before you buy it.
&gt;&gt; Is that how it
&gt;&gt; I don't Yeah. And that car sales is what
you Tesla's future is all car sales.
They're they're spiking now. This is it.
This is on uh Investor Business Daily.
You know, IBD, the IBS of BS journalism.
Uh the Tesla stock rose 2% ahead of uh
when they when it's opening. I mean,
come on. Tesla registrations in Europe
doing fine. Chinese EVs in Europe, that
report also highlights stiff
competition.
&gt;&gt; I don't understand this. I've seen
people who have said with a straight
face, you know, I'm thinking about
adding more Tesla, but I need it to get
over this dollar figure before I'll buy
it. And I think what
&gt;&gt; I don't understand. Yeah. is that
&gt;&gt; well you know I think the argument could
be if it's better worded would be and I
kind of understand this this logic which
is if you're buying a company that has
future potential you know businesses a
story stock that has uh strategic
businesses that may or may not succeed
you want the core business in this case
it's auto has to be strong if it's
failing it's less likely that FSD or
robots will work if your company's
fundamentals are broken and your
business model is broken and you're not,
you know, your your your books don't
look good. But if the core business is
strong and growing, then that's when you
can go, okay, now I can see why these
potential uh options that we're playing
with, right? Self-driving robot and
robots will be more likely successful.
So many people bet that way. Okay, so
guys, in the comments, what do we miss?
What do we misunderstand? Leave it. You
got to leave a comment. That's the only
way I know. the videos where we make you
smarter. The comments are where you make
us smarter. Ideally, no guarantees on
either front. Uh, and everybody else,
like, subscribe, do what you do, and
stay tuned, stay juicy, and I cannot
wait to hear from you clever robots
perhaps, uh, next weekend in Michigan.