Channel:     brighterwithherbert
Title:       No One Believed Tesla — Now Look!
URL:         https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=j-WgFHx6bcE
Published:   2026-04-14 13:30 UTC
Fetched:     2026-04-14 14:00 UTC

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

At an earnings call last year eight
months ago, Elon Musk said he expects by
the second half of this year once Tesla
gets autonomy at scale that Tesla's
economics will become quite compelling.
Things do appear to be shaping up as he
predicted with Tesla now getting the
first FSE approval in Europe. Big whales
and institutional analysts are waking
up. First, Caner Fitzgerald reiterated
an overweight rating and a $510 price
target for Tesla stock. They
specifically cited the regulatory
developments. This comes as Tesla Model
Y was again the number one selling
vehicle in China in March of any kind
despite being three times more expensive
than his closest rivals. Second, Morgan
Stanley maintains a $415 price target
with very wide $845 bull case and $135
bare case. We'll review their reasoning.
Morgan Stanley did point out that
Tesla's closing in on a key autonomy
milestone. They see FSE surpassing 10
billion cumulative miles by next month.
We'll discuss if this is even correct.
Finally, Bank of America analyst
Alexander Perry sees Tesla as the clear
leader in autonomous driving technology
because its vision only approach is more
cost-effective and scalable. They
maintain a buy rating with a price
target of $460. Slowly but surely, these
analysts do end up waking up. We'll also
give an update on EOS. We got Jeff Lutz
here with us today. He's a multi-deade
supply chain executive and chief quality
officer. He's now CEO of his own
high-tech manufacturing consulting firm.
Welcome, Jeeoff.
&gt;&gt; Oh, hey, Bert. Yeah, lots of topics here
to go through. I think they're going to
be super interesting.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, I appreciate uh uh your thoughts
on this. Not only are we going to cover
in detail the Morgan Stanley and uh
other analysts, but I wanted to start
off with this clip from what is it now?
It was July of 23rd of last year, so
about 8 months ago. It was the Tesla Q2
2025 earnings call. Let's listen to what
Elon said at the time about what we're
going to expect by the second half of
this year. So somewhere in Jul June or
July this year once autonomy goes full
scale.
&gt;&gt; Well, we're we're in this like weird
transition period um where we'll lose a
lot of incentives in the US. We still
have incentives actually in many other
parts of the world um but we'll lose
them in the US. Um and uh of course
still at the relative early stages of
autonomy. Um
on the other hand, autonomy is most
advanced and most available from a
regulatory standpoint in the US. So uh I
mean does that mean like we could have a
few rough quarters? Yeah, we probably
could have a few rough quarters. Um I'm
not saying we will, but we could. um Q,
you know, Q4, Q1,
maybe Q2, but once you get to autonomy
at scale in the second half of half of
next year, certainly by the end of next
year, I think the I would be surprised
if if Tesla's economics um are not very
compelling.
&gt;&gt; That is now. He said maybe Q4, maybe Q1,
which is what it's going to be reported
in about 9 days from now, and then maybe
Q2, but then Tesla economics um will
improve once you have autonomy. Not
sure. Is he is he predicting it
correctly?
&gt;&gt; The the markets are really strange on
this. So So first off, Tesla is is not
going to I don't think it's going to
sneak around anybody. Uh it's so it's
got so many eyes on it in the options
market. so many eyes on it just in the
market overall. But we saw with Nvidia
that, you know, Jensen Wong was up
there, you know, banging his is pots and
pans and saying, "Hey, look, this thing
is coming. AI is is coming." Then we had
the chat GPT moment and still even with
the chat GPT moment, Nvidia didn't
inflect until the quarter after it, the
Q1 after it, and and all of a sudden the
stock took off and and and rerated. So,
I I don't I don't know what's I mean, if
we could predict what's going to happen,
you know, we'd be in in different jobs.
Uh, but the market's going to do one of
two things. It's going to markets
typically look ahead and get ahead of
these things and if they see the right
signs and they see the right things
happening that they they'll want to get
in and pile in before the actual event
uh that occurs where there's this
there's this big transition in where
Tesla gets its revenue from and its
gross margins. You you this is I mean
this is you you wouldn't want to be
waiting until that happens. But again,
the market, I think, has been on either
side of this issue, especially as it
relates to tech. But, you know, Tesla
has taken its usual Q1 lumps for
whatever reason. Uh, and historically,
if you look back over the last couple of
years, there's just been this huge drop
off all the way until this, you know,
third week of of April, and then all of
a sudden, typically, uh, things improve
a bit. But, I'm not a big fan of
seasonality. I'm a big fan of
fundamentals and Tesla said that they
would be doing things related to robo
taxi and they told the market things on
a on an earnings call where the market
listens. And I'm not saying that a lot
of great things aren't happening. I'm
I'm watching it. I'm in awe of it. I I
own the products. I think it's great.
But if you if you look at it black and
white, they're uh they're not meeting
some of the the near-term milestones
that they said. So, I can see that why
the market is a bit bifrocated. But what
Elon said in that earnings call eight
several months ago is he's he basically
in his head was framing out the next 18
months and he's saying look this is
where I think macro is going. I think
we're going to be you know testing in
multiple cities basically is what he's
saying up and through the first half of
the year and then just going wide and
that to me is him mentally playing out
how this this can work. Now, it'd be
interesting to check in with him again
in this earnings call and said, "Hey,
you said this." Be great to almost play
that clip again and say, do you see this
playing out the same way as you
described with the same timing? That
would be interesting. But, you know, the
market's got a decision to make here.
Does it want to wait or does it want to
get ahead of it?
&gt;&gt; So, this statement, thank you to Tony to
remind me about this. Um, he said he
added at the end, my guess it has a
material impact on our financials around
the end of next year. Okay, that's what
he was predicting 8 months ago. Now,
some people have told me that well
because he said that but that was in his
mind that we would have rolled out a lot
of Tesla robo taxi by now half of the
country by the end of the year those
kind of things but a lot of that has
been delayed. Do you in your m own mind
think that things are now delayed? If he
thinks it was going to have financial
impact by the end of this next year,
which is now, but because things have
been delayed, maybe it's now first half
of 2027 instead.
&gt;&gt; Um, well, yeah, potentially. But here's
this is why this is different. Other
companies are hardware limited. Either
the hardware costs too much or they
can't get enough of it. Tesla is not
hardware limited. They have plenty of
Model Y robo taxis they can make at the
snap of a finger. And of course they
have the cyber cab ramping up. And the
cyber cab is largely on track from what
they said late last year in the second
half of last year.
&gt;&gt; True. So, so my the answer to that
question is is my short answer is is
they're behind in the first 90 days of
this year, but they they've created the
the this new revenue source is software
driven and it's not hardware limited
anymore. And by Tesla being on track
with the Cyber Cab and having such a
good product with the Model Y robo taxi
that they can make 5,000 of a day or
more, I I would say that they can catch
up.
&gt;&gt; Very good answer. Very good answer.
Okay. I So they are definitely behind.
More likely if anything, yes. Um
meaningful re re impact the financials
won't happen till next year, but it's
tougher. And even though that they
didn't roll it out slowly, they could
catch up. Yeah, I I agree. I don't see a
reg. See, so it's it's three things.
It's hardware, software, and regulatory.
&gt;&gt; And with this approval in the
Netherlands, it doesn't look like that
there's some sort of regulatory gotcha
here. It it just doesn't look that way.
But that wasn't a robo taxi approval.
That was an FSD supervised approval. But
I mean, that's the other piece. That's
the other that's the other variable
here. uh if you didn't submit by a
certain time that then then they could
be materially behind for the whole year
if they've actually missed submission
windows. But if this is really I I I I
personally think that they could you
have to you have to slice this up. You
have to look at the way that they're
going to roll out. They're not going to
roll out unsupervised in a brand new
city. They're going to have drivers with
it in the city. This is just like using
FSD supervised, but you are carrying
passengers. I think that that is more
gated operationally by Tesla and less by
regulators and less by hardware. And um
so therefore
uh I think that you actually can have a
material roll out in different cities of
the service, but to get the kind of
quantities into the hundreds and
thousands in these local need
unsupervised and they're going to need
that approval. And so that's that if you
grind everything down for the earnings
call and you want to ask a question, you
really want to understand with the
delays you've had in terms of deployment
and roll out of vehicles, what was it by
the way? Was it operational? Was it
soft? Was it your, you know, perception
of the performance of the system,
meaning it's software related? Uh you
want to ask that question. Then the next
question is is can you catch up?
&gt;&gt; Yeah. for what your milestones are for
the year based on the fact that it it
may be software related or are you in
some sort of regulatory you know Gant
chart if you're if you ever done project
management schedules like here are the
inputs here are the predecessors and the
testing cycles are this long and they're
just this long well then you could you
could have some material impact for the
whole year so that that would be the
question for Tesla
&gt;&gt; that's a good question yeah all right
let's go through can Fitzgerald they
reiterated Tesla's stock rating on
because of European FSD approval. So
they stayed with an overweight rating
and a 510 price target following the
regulatory developments in Europe. The
target sits within within a wide analyst
range spanning from 125 to 600 though
overvalued at current levels near 349.
And then they just go through that the
Dutch Vehicle Authority granted the
approval after more than 18 months of
testing and mapping analysis. We did a
show on this yesterday. uh they rolled
it out and then actually more countries
beyond the European Union could adopt it
quite quickly maybe by the end of this
year. And then they also talk about
Tesla Subcab, Semi and Megapacry remain
on track for volume production this
year. The company's developing its first
volume production lines for human or
robot Optimus with initial deliveries
expected in the second half of 2027. And
then they talk about China and I'll I'll
do an update on what's happening with
Tesla and China and German registrations
going up but things look like they were
delayed but looks like things have
turned around for Tesla. The story is
looking good now.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, it's this is a good update. This
is basically saying there's a lot going
on at Tesla and there's going to be a
lot of new sources of revenue coming
from Tesla both from new product lines
but just honestly the scaling of robo
taxi is where there's just a real
inflection in gross margins uh and in
revenue for the business. So I think
this is a good update. I think it's
reasonable. And what other company has
this kind of portfolio of products both
in hardware and software services coming
out over the next year? And obviously
you can think of some of these uh hot uh
AI companies that are going to IPO maybe
later in the year like Enthropic or Open
AI, but they don't have the physical
real world AI product. They're trying to
get there. They want to work with
humanoids. They want to work with
hardware, but Tesla's there. There's no
other physical AI company with this kind
of product portfolio. All these products
that are coming out, whether they're
semi or they're all going to be AI
enabled and they're all going to be able
to generate revenue uh via AI and just
via hardware sales alone. So, really
good note, really showing that there's a
lot more going on. Of course, with Tesla
Energy, too. Remember the mega pack
three and the mega block that is
a long duration storage product. That is
a new TAM for Tesla energy and that's
where a lot of the data centers are.
That's what they're looking for and a
lot of the city installations are
looking for. So Tesla's not just adding
energy capacity, they're adding a new
they're adding a new portfolio of
product to it. So, it's it's very
exciting.
&gt;&gt; We'll cover uh more information about
EOS long duration energy project uh near
the end here. Uh let's stick with China.
Tesla Model Y was the number one selling
vehicle in China in March of any kind of
any kind of vehicle, not just EVs,
despite being three times more expensive
than its closest rivals. Tesla Model Y
again out there uh Gily $30,000. I think
these are America US dollar equivalents.
And um yeah, this number one again in
March includes EV, gas, and hybrids.
Yeah,
&gt;&gt; I can't tell you how much uh of an
impact that is because those companies
that are producing those 10 to $15,000
vehicles, they they should be selling
five times
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; or 10 times the amount of the Tesla
Model Y. And the fact that they're not,
this is why
China EV companies are hurting. And you,
no, no objective person has sit sat down
and split out their EVON sales and their
EVON channel inventory and their EVON
profitability. No objective analyst has
sat down and done that. But since these
companies have added all these models of
EV, have added all these products and
they have tons of inventory,
their economics have gone south for many
of these companies. So the only company
in China that has a very that's not
Tesla, that has a very low model count,
that's not dumpster diving for cost,
it's highly automated, is Xiaomi. and
they're not having these kind of issues.
They're also not on this chart either,
which is which is interesting. Um, so,
you know, more to come on this, but this
really speaks to Tesla's scale, uh,
their efficiency and and it really
speaks to the problem that that the
China EV monolith of like China's taking
over the world. But look what's
happening in their own in their own
backyard. They they can't sell more than
a4 $50,000
vehicle when they're making $10,000
cars. There's a problem.
&gt;&gt; I misspoke earlier. Uh this is the price
point. So Tesla sells at $38,500 US.
Giley's at $10,000,
$13,000. This one, Lee Auto's $36,000
equivalent to Tesla. And then BYD is at
10,000. So even these guys are selling
you a $10,000 US. They they're selling
less volume, not as many as uh the other
as Tesla was able to sell
&gt;&gt; five times otherwise. Like
&gt;&gt; yeah,
&gt;&gt; that tells you that they have a big big
big problem
&gt;&gt; because they're not even profitable.
That's the problem.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, it's hard to be profitable when
you're when you're when you're when
you're going down tier like that. That'd
be the equivalent of of uh of iPhone
doing the SE phone, the the the $499 or
399 phone and and then only having a
fraction of volume as the premium tier
phones, which is just not the case.
&gt;&gt; Okay. Uh so let's talk Morgan Stanley.
This is their note tier AI optionality.
It's offset by near-term auto headwinds,
full valuation. That's how they're
looking at it. that there's auto
headwinds but you've got the auto AI
optionality. So their price target is
415 and but you'll see that look at
their bold case 845 and their bay case
bare case is 135. I don't know when
these guys come up with some such a wide
range like this but you can see here
we're at 345 now April 2026 they think
that by April 2027
a year from now probability that it'll
be around 415 at that point is 24%.
And probably ability
well they don't give a probability of
what's the likelihood it'll hit this I
guess 6% down here 0% that'll be over 88
845 6% chance it'll be under 135.
So this is what they're thinking
their thoughts on this. Yeah it's um
having that wide of a window.
I mean I'm not sure how helpful it is. I
know they're mapping certain things to
it, which which is helpful,
but you know, Morgan Stanley has been a
stalwart for for Tesla and for radians.
I know Adam Jonas isn't doing
the auto portion of it directly anymore,
but he's handling AI,
but this is this is I Tesla Elon said it
in that call we we let off this meeting
with.
We're going to have this cluster of
quarters, you know, Q4 of last year, Q1,
who knows, maybe Q2 of this year where
Tesla is transitioning revenue models
from selling mostly hardware
to their their software ramping up. And
I think that when analysts see that
percentage of revenue ramping up that's
software related, that's where the story
flips. And it flips from being a
hardware 15 to 20% grinded out gross
margin company to this software company
that you know could be driving margins
up into the 50 60 70% range and that's
where everything changes. And then all
of a sudden a couple years later now all
of a sudden they're building silicon and
you know they've vertically integrated
all of that into their business and
maybe selling it to other people too.
And and that's where just I think Tesla
is set up for the next 10 years with the
most exciting portfolio. But I think you
go back to this this Morgan Stanley
note.
They're they're the they're kind of
everybody looks to them in terms of
of being a leader in in evaluating this
space and uh so we'll we'll see what
we'll see what happens, but it's good to
see them reiterate.
&gt;&gt; Yep. And this they made a point about um
about autonomy and wanted to get your
thoughts on this. He they said this
Tesla's closing in on a key autonomy
milestone based on his public tracker.
Tesla owners are driving 18.5 million
miles with FSD full self-driving
supervised every day, putting the
company on pace to surpass 10 million
cumulative FSD miles by late May. As
Elon has emphasized, this represents an
important milestone in Tesla's path
towards unsupervised FSD alongside the
consequential task of scaling an
unsupervised robo taxi fleet. In a year
when Capex is set to more than double
and free cash flow is flipping negative,
we believe Tesla's ability to
demonstrate tangible progress in scaling
unsupervised autonomous driving
capabilities will be critical in
supporting valuation.
Um, but this 10 billion FSE miles,
uh, you know, ask Grock, why is 10
billion that important? Can an AI system
not achieve full autonomy without it? I
didn't need 10 billion to get my
license, and I've never been in an
accident. And Grock's answer was, the 10
billion FSE miles aren't about teaching
the AI like a human driver. They're raw
data for training Tesla's endto-end
neural nets. Each mile logged feeds
millions of edge cases, examples like
rain select turns, erratic pedestrians,
con, you're finding these edge cases.
Humans get a license after 50 hours
because we have built-in common sense. I
love you. We have
built-in common sense and abstraction.
AI starts blank and needs scale to
generalize safely at robot taxi levels.
Without it, you can't statistically
prove unsupervised reliability. And
that's partly that's the reason too is
you have to prove it to regulators. So
you need to have this much data to be
able to say look here's where we're at.
Yeah, it's such a it's a great
explanation from from Grock and it
really speaks to what a system that
starts with a blank slate has to do to
be taught uh to be not only humanlike
but to be better than this is this is
the key to this whole thing. This is
this unlocks,
you know, if this knocks down right now,
it's already nine times safer. If this
takes the the US death toll from auto
accidents from 43,000
to 4,000, I what does that what is that?
I mean, what what what's a a dollar
figure you put on that? What if it takes
the people that are seriously injured,
which probably 120 150,000,
and what if it takes it down to 10,000
or 12 thou? I mean, what do you pay for
that? I don't even know. But at what
point do regulators say not only is this
approved, but we actually need
this is a public health issue unless
it's actually not put on other vehicles
as quickly as possible. At some point,
that bit flips. I I'm not we're not
there yet, but at some point that is the
logical path. But, you know, you have to
take your hats off for Tesla for
thinking through this so far in advance.
Elon thinking and I know he changed
the number of miles. You I think he was
at six or seven billion before and he
changed it to 10, but hats off to them
for thinking it that way because what's
the what are the analysts saying about
the other OEMs? All they can say is like
it's a black box. We don't even know
what they're doing. Are they buying
GPUs? Are they testing? What is Nvidia
actually rolling out? I think people in
view like Nvidia is building the
autonomous system for I don't know the
next, you know, Chevy EV or the next
Mercedes EV. And in in reality, they're
they're giving them a development kit
for them to start their training on. And
I don't think people understand that. I
think people think that Nvidia is just
going to solve FSD for a thousand car
models all over the world when is
they're going to give them the toolkit
that then they're going to expect a an
Ashoke team and a shoke Aliswami team to
be at all these different companies
and have the AI chops to do the work
that Tesla did. And we just don't know
where they're at. All we have are, you
know, short YouTube clips and demo
drives. We don't have 9 whatever billion
miles that have been driven on it. So
there's a real distinct difference on
what's happening out there. And if you
just read news clips from in gadget or
wired, you're going to be confused.
And they're I don't know if they're
purposely trying to confuse people or
they're just not smart. But the the moat
that Tesla built here is large and
getting much larger. And if you think
that someone's just going to like copy
it and then come up with it really
quickly right after, I think you have
another thing coming because there's a
huge hardware component to this that's
just misunderstood.
&gt;&gt; Oh, well said. Yeah, you Yeah, you need
this much miles. Now, just to be clear,
I don't know if he changed it. He was
saying 6 billion. And he was estimating
first of all and he was saying 6 billion
probably around that uh miles to get to
autonomy and then he said later 10
billion miles to get to unsupervised and
it could have been training could have
been training versus real you know
driven. Um but uh yeah this Rick
explained it. Elon never said it was an
important milestone. He said it was more
than 1 billion and probably less than
100 billion. So thinking in orders of
magnitude 10 billion seems logical.
That's correct. I asked him that
question at the shareholder meeting and
he said it was really just more of this
kind of thing like you know magnitude
it's around this area so it's not this
magical we're hitting it we got it
&gt;&gt; it's around this number
&gt;&gt; and he turned out to be correct because
we're we're now watching it with our
eyes
&gt;&gt; u regardless but that's the point isn't
it that we're watching it with our own
eyes that we're Tesla is there and
they're about to prove with the data
that the safety's there um people or you
know other institutional analysts like
uh Bank of America, they're finally on
board. They're saying Alexander Perry
sees Tesla as a clear leader in
autonomous driving technology because
its vision only approach is more cost-
effective and scalable. This is what he
said. Tesla's camera only approach is
technically harder but much cheaper and
leverages a consumer fleet data engine.
Tesla's strategy should allow it to
scale more profitably compared to robo
taxi competitors while the lack of
drivers gives it
&gt;&gt; I mean it's exactly right but I mean by
you know there I'm just pointing out
that finally we have analysts repeating
what we've been saying for so long
vision only required gives you cost
effective scalability by rating $460
&gt;&gt; I don't know how else you it's a great
quick summary
of the differential we don't even know
yet the magnitude of its cheaper. We
don't even know what the extent of that
is going to be at at scale. It could be
this could be dramatic. I I can't tell
you how many hardware how many projects
I've seen or been on or seen other
companies where they started, they think
they've got it. You know, you got the
photos with the CEO standing like as
today I saw um that
Uber employees are now able to to hail
robo taxis in their own Uber employee
app and they're standing by that neuro
car that that the Lucid Gravity.
I mean, I can't tell you how many
pictures I've seen. I can't tell you how
many projects I've seen where they think
they got it. And really all it is is
it's a technical solution, but it can
never scale because the economics aren't
good and therefore it's busted. It's a
busted business case and you would never
you would never you would never do it.
It it and you know I I don't know it it
I can't tell you how many I've seen, but
there's a lot of them out there and
there's a lot of these out there. Most
of these are not going to succeed. It's
like I I said told everybody with the
the humanoids up on stage with with
Jensen, I said 90% of those are never
going to get the scale.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; Um so we'll we'll see what happens. But
I think this this analyst note really
summarizes where Tesla's at. All I'm
saying is we don't know the magnitude.
We know it's cheaper. We just don't know
it it may be really detrimental to some
of these other companies.
&gt;&gt; All right. Uh so the point is uh people
are now getting convinced both big
whales and institutional analysts were
slowly but surely showing the world that
FSD works approval by regulator
regulatory bodies even the hardest ones
like Europe and then now we've got
analysts saying yeah vision only is all
that's needed you know it it takes a
long time I mean how long have we
battled the liars required finally we're
moving away from that. All right, let's
talk EOS long duration battery storage.
Uh we did a show on it. Stock fell. Uh
but you it's now rebounding a little bit
here. Um tell me what your
&gt;&gt; Yeah, so I mean here's the the the quick
recap over the last couple of months is
started the year off strong and then
they got to their earnings at the end of
February and just really laid a huge
egg. And for the people following the
company, it was a it was a big miss on
revenue. They were in the upper 50s and
I think they had projected somewhere
between 90 and hundred million dollars
of revenue. But when you So it was a big
miss. They they actually reiterated
their guidance with 7 weeks left to go
in Q4. They blew it. They said they had
a lot of production issues. They had
downtime issues and and they got the
factory to scale eventually. Um, but by
the end of the quarter, they only got it
to two two and a half times the prior
quarter. They needed it to be three
times the volume output of the prior
quarter. So, they're in a big ramp up,
but uh it was overall disappointing.
They did book $240 million of orders.
So, they're booking orders at almost a
billion dollar a year annualized run
rate. They did lose some orders from uh
from in in that process as well. So I
think where the company sits after that
February earnings deb debacle there's a
huge draw down in the stock a lot of
retail investors probably institutional
as well lost faith in the management
team and since then uh the CEO of the
company had made insider purchases twice
a board member one or two I believe made
insider purchases as well and the
company but we've been in kind of a
communications black hole that's why
there's been nothing for us to honestly
talk about. Uh but now here's what's
happened. Uh in last week they
pre-announced uh for the current quarter
and they said, "Hey, basically we're
we're going to be in the range of what
we said for Q1." And we've made a bunch
of improvements in terms of the
manufacturing line quality and speed,
and they've solved a lot of the issues
that really plagued them in Q4. The
other big announcement was the uh this
the system level testing or field
testing of the second line. Uh and I'll
get to this in a minute. This is the
third announcement. But the second line
that more than doubles their existing
capacity was just tested and approved at
their supplier. So that's going to move
over in this quarter and be installed.
Then they they signed a lease for a
brand new 400,000 square foot plus
facility that's going to allow them to
lay out straight lines in the facility.
So basically the lines are going to be
more efficient. They're going to run
faster. They're going to be at higher
yield. That's everything in battery
manufacturing uh to get margins and to
get product out. And so operationally
things are starting to look up. Uh
there's a couple of really big potential
customer orders out there. One with New
York City, one with uh this UK cap and
floor program. There's some big orders
that would essentially be multiples of
their current backlog if they get them.
So their their thesis changing for the
company if these orders drop, but at the
same time the anal the investor
community was also like, hey, can you
build them if these orders drop? So
they're test or EOS is starting to
answer those questions now. And then
what you were just about to put up they
they posted today which is basically
um they've had two versions of their
product. They had an old version called
the 2.3 Z2.3 and what's been ramping for
the last year plus has been the Z3 the
new product and what they overlaid over
this whole system is this Dawn OS which
is their their AI soft their management
software their site so what their senior
leader here in the systems engineering
side is basically saying is like look
before if we lost a battery in the chain
it would kind of bring down the whole
system bring down the whole efficiency
And now with our software, we can
control the whole thing, pull that out
and bring up the entire performance of
the system. And our customers like this,
our customers needed this. So this was
another thing to kind of check off for
EOS getting to scale with customers. So
now where they said is they're perched.
They've got a a factory line that's
ramped up. They've got another line
that's better than that line coming in
to more than double capacity. They've
launched a new configuration of their
system called in density in January
which will be more which is basically
four times the amount of energy density
than a Tesla meapac system. So in a in a
single acre they can get four times the
amount of energy as a t as a typical
system. Remember these are zinc halli
systems so they're they're aquous based.
They're not flammable. You could put
them in the downtown area and and
they're fine. So the TAM is growing
and this is really about the the company
needing to execute. So they need to
increase transparency with investors and
they're starting to do that here. It's
been a real issue, but they have to
execute on getting the scale, get the
second line up and they have to land
some of these big orders and they do I
would say it is thesis changing. I'm not
giving advice on this call. I've never
given advice when to buy or sell this
this thing, but it's certainly took a
tremendous beating over the last couple
of months and and over the last couple
of weeks since they they've come out
with these announcements. It's it's
going back in the in the right
direction. So, uh, a lot to come here
and then they have earnings next formal
earnings next month in May.
&gt;&gt; Thanks for the update on EOS. Um, I'm a
big fan of American battery storage.
It's the it's the bottleneck for data
centers. It's something that needs to
happen. So these guys need to, you know,
growing pains and and get past these
stages that they all need to go through
&gt;&gt; and all the raw material. This is 91%
made in the US. It's going to 96%
&gt;&gt; as soon as they can get this cabinet
pulled over from Mexico. Uh 96% US
sourced. And and remember this is very
unique where where the other battery
pack makers that are trying to ramp LFP
cells in the US, they've got about
another year to do that. Uh EOS makes
the cell and module and everything, it's
all made in the same facility. It's all
made in the US. There's nothing uh but
some felt coming in from like South
Korea, but there's not again it's 91%
going in 96% locally sourced. So good
American success story. Would be great
for the military as well. uh and great
for urban and city applications where
you need battery storage and backup
where people are like hey I don't want
these you see the push back on data
centers that's happening there's a huge
push back on happening on battery
installations so this would be big to
get ramped up
&gt;&gt; that's a big deal thank you so much
Jeeoff uh follow Jeff on his ex account
at thej lots thanks everybody
&gt;&gt; thank you I've created a website that is
the most comprehensive resource for the
Tesla investor please check it out
simply go to my website at herbert
M.com.