Channel:     futureaza
Title:       Tesla SURGES in Japan & Korea, S/X Almost Gone, YL Takes Center Stage, & 12 MORE stories
URL:         https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=acoB34tMTWU
Published:   2026-04-06 04:19 UTC
Fetched:     2026-04-07 04:55 UTC

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Happy Monday, April 6th. It is that
time. We're doing the Monday news. There
are a lot of stories to get through. If
this is your first time here, what I do
is I go through all the stories as quick
as I can and I have got a bunch. You can
join the poll, find out how many you
think it is, and uh then we will get to
a Q&amp;A as quickly as possible. I'm Brian.
Welcome to Futurza. This is a great one.
Nitsa has said it's closed the
investigation into Texilla's actually
smart summon feature. The agency found
that almost all the reported crashes
involved minor property damage claims
with zero injuries, zero fatalities
linked to the feature. It also found out
that out of millions of summon sessions,
a fraction of 1% resulted in an
accident. Still not great in terms of
looking at an unsupervised situation,
but nowhere near as bad as the fudsters
like to pretend because of course well
doesn't make sense to hold on to a
combustion engine. Used prices rise, uh,
EV prices rise as Australia's fuel
crisis hits. This is the premise of
MadMax, I think. Stock runs low as oil
crunch increases enthusiasm for electric
vehicles. Not a big surprise. When a
used vehicle rolls into a car, the
trajectory for that price tag is usually
down if it lingers too long. And that's
not the case for electric. If we look at
the uh electric cars in this particular
uh instance, Model 3 and Y have gone up
5 6%. Even the MG4 is up 1 and a.5%. The
tiny economical petrol Fiat 500 up a
half%. Polestar 2 also up a similar
amount. And the biggest price cuts have
been on, you know, dino burners.
Shocker. Shocker. Add to that uh this
story uh from Clean Technica uh from
David. I recently reported uh a surge in
EV sales in Australia. It appears the
same thing is happening in New Zealand
with secondhand and demo EVs being
snapped up and car yards emptying out.
Here's one revealing photo, is it? It's
anecdotal. I like it. doesn't
necessarily mean anything, but it the
article of course goes on. Uh this
morning, Warren from uh BYD in New
Zealand spoke to me in a phone
interview. He was most generous with
this information. I'm um he spoke to me
from the dealership and told me where
his staff were showing prospective
buyers various BYDs and taking orders.
He said a good salesman would sell about
20 EVs a month. Last month, he sold 87.
That's [clears throat] just one salesman
at one dealership. Before the war, we
would sell 300 BYDs a month. Now we're
selling 200 to 300 in a weekend
nationally. Not only that, but resale
value has increased. NATO 3 secondhand
has risen 3 to 5,000 in the last 3
weeks. So, this is kind of a trend.
We're kind of seeing it. Hey, do you
know that I'm going to be at the uh
Tesla diner on the 18th? Tickets still
available. Tesla.com
to get those. [clears throat] And I know
what you're saying. That's too far
south, Brian. I'm not going that far
south. I get it. April 26th, I will be
at the uh uh EV ride and drive uh drive
earth month electric drive electric
earth month be doing a presentation
about Tesla semi about EV semis
generally. And we will have an e
Cascadia on hand that you can actually
ride in, get a ride in. How fun is that?
And I know, I know, too far west, Brian.
Hey, June 5th and 6th, Moskegan,
Michigan at Heritage Landing 2026 Summer
Meetup. Join us, won't you? Tickets on
sale at teslamman.org.
Not sponsored segments. You invite me to
an event, I'm going to promote it. I
want you there. Tesla tops Korea's
imported car market for the first time.
You can't sell in Korea. They've got so
many domestic brands, you won't be able
to compete. Tesla ranked number one in
Korea's imported car market in the first
quarter, marking its first time taking
the top quarterly spot. According to
Korean Automotive, uh they [snorts] it
see it used to be BMW, Mercedes, and
Volkswagen. Uh but now Tesla was
followed by BMW with 19,000, Mercedes
with 15,000 versus 20,000. They outsold
them by a good 25 30%.
That's a pretty big deal because again,
Korea has a lot of domestic auto
manufacturing. They love their domestic
brands. You know who else does? Japan.
Tesla eyes Japan's top imported car spot
as it expands store and service network.
You can't sell cars in Japan. They've
got Toyota. They've got Nissan, Mazda,
Honda, Suzuki, Isuzu.
Too many to name. Plans to expand to at
least 60 stores as it seeks to become
the country's biggest imported car brand
by as early as next year. This article
goes on to explain that [snorts] they've
already sold half as many in Q1 as they
did all of 2025. These are big good
numbers and Japan is of course feeling
the petrol crunch as well. They do not
make any of their own. It makes it
expensive to log the miles. Just spad
with the kilometers. I'm told Japan just
dealt BYYD a massive EV blow. BYD faces
a sharp subsidy cut in Japan as new
rules favor locally sourced batteries
over imported ones. Little bit of
confusion in this one. I'm not exactly
sure how this works, but EVs only make
up 2% of new car sales in Japan. Didn't
stop BYD from unveiling an all-electric
K car last year. Look at that. How cool.
But the weird thing is uh while BYD has
gotten a cut in their subsidy, well, for
that matter, even the uh which one? The
Arya, I think, got a a cut as well
because not enough parts were domestic.
But Tesla still gets uh the full subsidy
was increased to 7,900 uh because likely
because it uses Panasonic batteries.
It doesn't. Not anymore. [clears throat]
The SNX are gone. Those were the ones
that were using um the Panasonic
batteries from Japan. Unless you meant
the Panasonic batteries made in Nevada,
but these also don't use those. These
use Chinese batteries, so not sure how
that works. But at any rate, uh, big
news for Tesla in Japan. Uh, how's the
stock reacting? Well, I assume, oh no.
Well, that's not great. 354, the whole
market's feeling some pain. That's the
5day, the one month, the six month, the
year to date, the one-year. Hey, and the
five-year, the one year, forgot how low
we had been just one year ago.
news. Tesla's raised the price on all
remaining new and demo model SNX
vehicles left in inventory by 15,000.
Raised the price, not lowered it, raised
it. And uh I saw that and I said, I
mean, it makes sense. A lot of people
said, well, that's terrible. Why do
that? Because they've only got a few
left. They're in no rush to move them.
They're going to move. And uh now in
Texas down to just two remaining.
Yesterday they had three, maybe four.
So, this is uh yeah, this one Jebs has
noticed yesterday there were three
remaining [clears throat] and now there
are just two. Do you want it or not?
These are the last new ones that will
ever be sold.
Uh, of [clears throat] course, they do
have a lot of vehicles in inventory.
Tesla record 50,000 vehicle surplus
sparks demand concerns. That's worth
noting. It's not 50,000 surplus in
total. It's 50,000 new surplus in Q1.
That's a concern, right? My gosh, how
many days of inventory is that? It's 11.
It's about 11 days of inventory. It's
not very many. So, increasing your uh
days of in inventory on hand by 11, it's
not a big deal. In Q3, they got down to
very few days because they blew
everything out to get the end of the IRA
credit. In Q4, they rebuilt a bit. Q1,
whole bunch more. If only there was a
way to make take advantage of that. Now,
of course, it's mostly the Model 3 and
XS came mostly from the 3 and Y line. I
know, we all know that's what they
mostly make and sell. Investor [snorts]
confidence rattled by a weak start. Eh,
maybe structural demand issues or
temporary headwinds. You know, what
could actually make them sell more?
Gosh, I don't know. Um, by the way,
demand weak Model Y L to eight new
markets. It says most want a Model Y,
but we know what you meant, Joey. The
Model Y L. Uh-huh. There it is. And it's
expanded to uh additional markets.
Japan, South Korea, Hong Kong, Macau,
Singapore, Thailand, Malaysia,
Philippines, Australia, New Zealand, and
I think some others. China, of course.
This product is making lines around the
block. So, uh, this one we're going to
do a hard pivot here because I just have
to cover this, you guys. Is it so
exciting? World's first solid state
electric motorcycle hits production.
Verge motorcycle says. Now, of course,
Verge is owned by the same people who
own Donut. Donut being both the name of
the company that allegedly makes the
solid state battery and what I call
their fans who enjoy being lied to. I
bring this up because they said
deliveries would start in Q1 and they
claim to have shipped one unit. They
won't say to who. Clearly, it's not to
someone beyond arms length. And it uh
and one delivery is not deliveries. So
even by their own semantic nonsense,
they failed. They lied. They lied to you
when they said available today, 3 months
ago, they were lying. And they've been
lying ever since. And I bring this up
because I am getting absolutely harassed
by the donuts in the chat, in the
comments. How dare you? Don't you want
to share in this exciting story? I love
exciting stories, you guys. But my first
commitment is to the truth. I've seen a
hundred of these nonsense stories in the
past five and a half years I've been
doing this. And every time I've been
right every time. Maybe this is the one
where I miss, but these guys have none
of the hallmarks of honesty. And I love
that they will harass you endlessly for
doubting their doubtable claims, but not
once think to harass the people who are
actually telling the lies. May I know
who has it. May I offer them money to
buy it from them so that I can have it
torn apart? Of course not. We're not
going to give you that information. Then
you'd know what's under the skin. Can't
have it. You appreciate honest
fact-based reporting. Please would
appreciate it. Don't have to, but it
would be nice. So, there are yeah uh a
lot of ways you can support me because
my commitment is to the truth. I want
the hype. I would love to be excited
about this, but I'm not a donut.
Tesla just pulled off an EV shocker no
one saw coming. Tesla just found a gold
mine opening by Faison Farooq, edited by
Selene Preveni, both of whom I'm
confident did not read this bit of the
headline right here because that's
terrible. That's just awful. That's
awful right there. What are you doing?
Uh a gold mine opening.
Key points. Tesla regained global EV
lead despite missing expectations. back
in business after a brutal few quarters.
They sold 358,000,
beating out BYD. But that's good news
for Tesla, but it's bad news because BYD
is struggling. BYD's sales is crumbling
at just crumbling just at the wrong
time. Fair. Fair. I mean, not great, but
fair. I get it. China changed the math
for both Tesla and BYD. They got rid of
the full EV tax exemption. Buyers now
face a 5% purchase tax. The benefit
however is capped. So they're they
reduce their their incentives
[clears throat and snorts] as as you do
as the market adoption increases. At
some point you run out of carrots and
need to start applying sticks. BYD has
already built 5,000 of its new megawatt
flash charging stations. You see BYD has
a plan to get back to their, you know,
uh get back their demand. One of the
ways is with flash charging. Get a lot
of comments saying, "Oh, it's going to
fry the battery.
BYD's tested it. They're a very big
company. They make a whole lot. They're
the second biggest battery maker in the
world. If they are confident, I am
confident. You know, if it's frying the
battery, it's going to happen under
warranty. They began rolling out second
generation flash chargers about a month
ago. Capable of charging at up to 1.5
megawws. That's faster than a Tesla
Semi.
Crazy. Bad has opened up 5,000 stations.
5,000 of these stations. Well, where are
they going to put them? I I I don't
know. That's not my job. But they exist.
And what do you get with that kind of
thing? BYD Denza GT to star in the new
James Bond movie. Uh, let's find it.
That's the car. That's one of the cars
that flash charges. And it's going to be
in a Bond film. Weird choice, but okay.
It's very fast. It's very sporty. It's
not doesn't have the same, you know,
appeal, the same sexiness as a
unreliable British sports car, but, you
know, uh, fun fun. It's it's quite a
car. By the way, he launches their first
overseas Sky Rail project with Brazil
Montreal. Hang on. What? What? What now?
Sky Rail route developed by BYYD for Sao
Paulo has begun operations, marking the
first launch of its overseas rail
transit project. That is a BYD.
[clears throat and cough]
I
I've seen it all. I've seen it all.
That's okay. Well, now we know why their
headcount is so high. They do literally
everything. You know who does not
everything but one thing. Why Tata Nano
Nano EV Compact could be a big game
changer. Yeah, we're gonna make another
Nano.
Okay, sure. Yeah, why not? Why not? EV
uh worldwide sales report card. Let's
see how the the gang is doing. Model Y
[clears throat and cough] for February,
Model 3, followed by Gily BYD. I mean,
look at this. Tesla's still they've only
got two models.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, but they're two really popular
models. That's one of the ways you're
able to keep the cost so low is by not
having a 100 different models. Do you
know that uh solar has saved Europeans
€3 billion in fossil fuel imports just
in March? Which country is leading the
way? I'm less concerned about which
country is leading the way, but you
know, it's not growing the way I'd like
to see it grow, but hey, what are you
going to do? Uh, yeah, it's fine. So,
that's just kind of fun. Two more
stories to go, then we get to the Q&amp;A
right on schedule because I do this
quick. The only privately titled EV1 is
getting [clears throat] restored with
GM's help. Auction offers an abandoned
car EV1 chassis number 212 is finally
getting some respect as part of GM
history. Questionable garage bought it
at auction. Going to fix it up. Front
window got smashed in with a brick.
104 at auction being fully restored and
GM heard about it, [clears throat]
invited them into their into their
design lab and said, "Hey, we'd love to
talk to you." And they said, "Can we get
schematics?" You bet. We'll give you
schematics.
Um, your windshield's broken out, huh?
We can give you a windshield. You have
You have a Yeah. Our warehouses
[clears throat] are big, you know, like
at the end of Raiders of the Lost Ark.
Winning bid 104. Yeah. So, Billy Caruso,
Apple employer, employee and owner of a
small fleet of reborn early EVs, has
nearly a dozen EV oddballs from the 90s
in his daily drivers of Bolt. Adding an
EV1 to his collection is basically the
holy grail. Ah, maybe that's where I got
the joke. But the car will need more
than elbow grease.
Yeah, only privatelyowned GM1 uh EV1
known to exist. So, it's going to be
getting back on the road at some point.
It's very exciting. And on the road,
well, perhaps off the road, the Subaru
Getaway. This is Subaru's version of the
Highlander. And it gets 300 miles of
range on a 98 kWh pack, 97.
And 300 sounds good, but that means you
have to charge to 100 and discharge to
zero. You're not going to do either of
those things. Still, it is a big three
row vehicle. And if you like early 2000s
design aesthetics, baby, we got you
covered. Dual wireless charging pads,
all that. [clears throat] The Getaway
can be optioned with leather upholstery,
while every Highlander uses synthetic
material. Furthermore, it has folding
power folding third row seats, which are
optional on the Highlander. I mean, it's
it's a Toyota Highlander. They re redid
the fascia a little bit, different
lights on the front. Don't get bent out
of shape by the folds in the upholstery.
Those are This is a [clears throat]
pre-production model, but it gives you
an idea of how much space you have. That
is a good amount of space. A 221
horsepower single motor frontwheel drive
powertrain as the entry level all the
way up to 338 horsepower.
It's not a lot for an EV, but I would
rather have the range native knacks.
That's great. And it looks good. It
looks good. So, that's what we got
there. Now, let's get into the Q&amp;A. If
you have questions, ask them now because
we've only got about 12 minutes left and
I want to get to as many as I can. The
answer to the poll, by the way, was 20.
I had 20. 20 stories. I go through them
so quick, people don't often realize
how many there are. Uh I pack it in.
Last week, a gentleman said, "Can I just
get a a a summary of what I missed? You
missed 20 stories." Um and a summary,
don't pay the bills. I got to get the
bills paid, my friend.
Lovely and warm in Portland. It is 61°
in my office. Nice. Uh once again, I
hear, "Well, why does the stock keep
going flat when there's all this good
news?" And I explained that uh a lot of
this good news isn't new news. It's news
we were hoping to see. It is steps along
the path to the revenue we expect to see
in the future. And these just confirm
that we're on path on the right path.
So, this has been priced in because, you
know, today's price is reflective of
what we think tomorrow's revenue will
be. So, yeah, I'm excited to see the
semi- ramp. I want charts and graphs.
Brian, I'll think about what uh what I
could chart or andor graph. Good day.
Oh, good times ahead. Let's stay
positive. Closure of this straight of
horses got consumers making moves going
to end up running in Tesla's shoes.
Maybe
it's uh there are second and third order
consequences to all actions. Failing to
consider them can put you in a position
you did not expect. [snorts] Digital
Blade Canada's here. Solo X AGI on X. Uh
and B. Uh Yep. Hello [clears throat]
everybody.
Thought you were going uh for a pun on
the Portland frogs. Made it to another
live on time. I should get a
participation ribbon. I'll email you
one. It'll be fine. Good morning from
sunny western Oregon. Western Oregon.
[snorts] K trucks are super popular and
I'd love to see someone make an EV
conversion kit. That'd be cool. It'd
still be expensive. All the conversion
kits are expensive because you got to
start with expensive pieces. Even if
you're using old leaf cells and whatnot.
Well, let's see. Verge is a good name
since they seem perpetually on the verge
of Yeah, it is.
Yeah. Reliable British sports car. Yeah,
of course. Is it 5,000 stations or
plugs? Um, I would assume plugs. I would
assume plugs. Uh, yeah. Montreal skit
from the Simpsons. Fun fact, guess who
wrote that skit? Conan O'Brien.
Let's see. EVFest 2026 SoCal. I don't
I don't know. Looks like X Takeover
might not be in California this year. I
thought the poll was to tell you how
many you should cover. I didn't know I
was getting on how many you were going
to cover. Which half would I cut? I
remember reading a a Motor Trend article
in 2012 where Subaru said they would
have EV versions of all their vehicles
by 2018. Being a dedicated Subaru fan at
the time, I was excited. Now I'm just
meh. They all said that. GM in what,
2010, 2012
said, "Oh, we're going to have 30 models
by the end of the decade." End of the
decade sounds like a long time. Next
thing you know, it's the end of the
decade and they forgot to start.
Remember? Let's see. I just got I just
got here. Well, hey, that means we've
made it through the the show and the
questions in record time. If you have
any last minute questions, get them in
right now because
uh I I guess I got stuff to do. Do you
think the excess inventory is because
they pumped out as many model SNX as
they could before shutting down the
line? No. No. Um and we know that there
is no excess inventory. Unless we're
thinking all of them sold in the last
month, definitely not that kind of
volume. The excess inventory is
rebuilding stock from last year. Having
an extra 10, 11 days of inventory on
hand now that gas prices have gone up
means they have vehicles closer to
buyers ready to take delivery right now.
It doesn't help you if you've got this
flood of demand but no inventory.
inventory that's going to take months to
get. You need to have that inventory on
hand so you can tap into those impulse
buyers. And not just impulse buyers, but
people who drive their cars into the
ground, wait for them to die. What are
they going to do when their car finally
does die? When it finally is time to buy
a car, what do I wait two months? Wait a
month and a half. I can't do it. I need
a car in the next week. They will get
their car. So that inventory, I hope,
will be drawn down a bit this quarter.
In couple weeks, I'm going to see the
Mega Pac factory in Lethre. I have many
questions. I hope I will get at least
some of them answered.
Are cars that are put into the robo taxi
network counted as delivered? That's a
very good question. So, there's two
different ways to consider it. I say I'm
quite confident they are not delivered.
They are not sold. This go darn camera
loves to I really swore that I had it
locked. My hand gestures made the camera
refocus and that really annoys me. So,
let's get that. What are you doing? God
damn it, camera. Very frustrating. Got
to not do that camera. Okay, there we
go. What on earth? Okay,
so uh they are not delivered. They are
sold. Uh they are they are produced but
not delivered because there is no final
customer. that then you've got um mega
packs. Do those count as deployed if
they keep them in house? The answer is
yes. They they are deployed because they
have been deployed. If they're
electrified, they're deployed even
though they're not delivered, even
though they're not sold.
So on robo taxi, I expect everything
kept in house to not be counted as a
sale. Uh to answer that question,
uh-huh. Do you think current Model Y
will be able to do unsupervised FSD
without modification?
H [sighs]
without being able to clear its own
cameras?
Not in the not in not in the weather is
my guess. I mean, you own these cars. A
lot of you watching this own these cars.
and you know, you stop at a charger, you
clean off your cameras, and the second
you get back on the highway, cameras
oluded, uh, can't help you. There are
ways to mitigate that, but they haven't
been. So, I don't I just don't know. I
think there will be strict limitations,
severe limitations.
Watch an EV versus hybrid race in
Australia where they mentioned that
Sploy Juice has gone up by about half
since the end of last month. It's a
problem. Nice roof in the studio. Thank
you. Uh it is. Yeah.
The only thing holding this place up is
tradition. Uh I mean AI4. Oh, what about
AI4? Uh AI4 will be fine. I'm I mean I
think it's absolutely fine. I think
it'll be absolutely fine. I think
they'll be able to get it back onto AI
onto hardware 3. And uh [clears throat]
can Tesla reach record deliveries in
vehicles and mega packs in Q2? record.
No is my guess. Mega pack. Sure. Mega
pack you you can control how quickly you
make them. You can't control how quickly
they count as deployed. That's all down
to permitting, inspections, uh grid, you
know, uh certification, all all the
other steps that are beyond your
control.
&gt;&gt; [clears throat]
&gt;&gt; There are ways to control bits of it
like moving as many of those pieces
inside the box as possible so there are
fewer things to approve once it gets
there and they're doing that with Mega
Block.
Missed your thoughts on what's causing
increased Tesla and South Korea demand
market awareness. They didn't know what
these cars were. It helps that they've
got some incentives. Uh but the real
benefit is that they're finding out that
electric cars are good and that among
electric cars, Teslas are very good.
That is my conclusion on that. Okay, I
think we've got through enough of it.
Guys, if you're catching this on the
replay, let me know. Everybody else, uh
what did I miss? What did I
misunderstand? Leave it in them comments
below and stay tuned. Stay juicy. And I
can't wait to hear from you clever
robots when I figure out how to keep
this darn camera from doing that again.