Channel:     farzad-fm
Title:       SpaceX CFO Makes Insane Predictions
URL:         https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=p15rO-XEtG0
Published:   2026-09-11 16:26 UTC
Fetched:     2026-09-11 17:00 UTC

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Brett, thanks for agreeing to do the
conference.
&gt;&gt; Thank you.
&gt;&gt; Great to have the opportunity to talk.
Let's start with what we've even talked
about in some of our work, which is the
central theme I think of this company is
vertical integration. Talk a little bit
about how that is the anchor for this
company both at the company level and
even at the segment level.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, I think vertical integration is
core to to who we are. I totally agree
with you. you know, we really believe
that uh we are building the
infrastructure of the future and we're
taking a very different approach and we
have since inception. You know, if you
go back to back to the old days when we
were rocket company, which wasn't too
long ago, by the way, uh we have always
taken a very vertically integrated
approach and and and starting when we
were really just focused on rockets in
the beginning or or I should say rockets
and spacecraft, you know, a lot of it
was because we couldn't find elements of
the supply chain that were moving at the
pace we needed or uh or in uh an element
of quality that we needed. for sure. And
quality is so important when you're
flying payloads to space, especially
when the payloads could be you and me,
right? And so, uh, you know, certainly
that was in our DNA. And then when we
looked up and headed down the path of
being a communications business, uh, and
started Starlink, it was the same type
of thing over again. We want to own all
the way from you know in the rockets the
metal coming in the door to building the
engines doing all the avionics and the
software and then the customer
relationship in comms it became the same
thing where we were owning the launch
we're owning building the satellites
themselves and then going to the end
customer or enterprise and so taking
that approach now to the AI side of our
business you know we are very vertically
integrated all the way to the point that
we're building our own infrastructure
we're the GC building the building
putting up the power and then using our
own model to get directly to the end
customer whether it's consumer or
enterprise and then very soon with
orbital compute as well.
&gt;&gt; Okay, well understood. Let's come back
to that launch business. I think when I
think about where you're going over the
next 5 to 10 years, so much of it is
tied to rapid reusability of in the
launch business tied to Starship. talk
to us a little bit about the building
blocks to take Starship to where you
want it to go and what some of the key
learnings have been from recent
launches.
&gt;&gt; Well, I'm glad you start with Starship
because, you know, Starship is so core
to the rest of our business in really
all the segments. Uh, and it's been
years and years in the making. We had a
huge um milestone event uh with flight
13. Uh, so much learning came from that.
uh if you didn't get a chance to see it,
we were able to not only deliver
payloads, you know, I would say um
demonstration payloads of V3 satellites
uh but also did a relight of the Raptor
engine, but probably most importantly
had uh the softest splashdown kind of
precision splashdown over the ocean of
the second stage. Uh and then kind of
magically were able to tow what looked
like a big whale back into shore. uh
thanks to the efforts of you know pretty
pretty incredible um recovery team on
the SpaceX side were able to get that
vehicle back and so we were able to get
our engineers climbing all over that
vehicle to see exactly the uh the
environments that the heat shield went
through and there's been so much
learning just in the last number of
weeks uh that we're able to take back
into you know our flights coming
forward. Uh so very exciting related to
how the heat shield performed already on
flight 13, but then the learnings that
we got from that that will carry right
into flight 14 uh and beyond. And then
we've got another flight coming up um
later this month uh for flight 14, which
for the CFO is very exciting because
it's going to be a revenue generating
flight. Right. I I love the
demonstration flights and now I'm
excited that we're moving into
production cadence and flying uh
production V3 Starlink satellites to
orbit on our next flight. Uh so I think
that'll be a huge milestone for us. And
then if you look beyond flight 14, you
know, starting to uh get a shot at
bringing back both the first and second
stage um will be big milestones coming
up uh for later this year.
&gt;&gt; Okay, let's pivot the conversation to AI
infrastructure. Uh we'll start with
orbital compute. So when you think about
orbital compute and you try to
conceptualize this for investors, how
should investors think about the
challenges that are being solved for to
stand up and scale orbital compute and
the timeline over which feasibility and
scale can be built in orbital compute.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, it's interesting. I I think uh
I've heard conversations and and in two
two sides of it. One is it feels like
almost every leader in the AI industry
is willing to openly acknowledge that
orbital compute is the future, right?
It's clean energy. You don't have all
the constraints. You don't affect any
type of, you know, community from that
perspective. Uh and and so I think it's
it's it's clear that, you know, a large
majority if not almost everybody thinks
that's the future. But most if not
everybody other than than us think it's
many many years away. And the huge
difference is we're actually again very
vertically integrated and we're in
control of all the pieces that are
required. And so we're actually
targeting to fly our first orbital
compute satellites next year. And I
think that will be an enormous moment
when they start when everybody starts to
see that we're putting up huge amounts
of compute into space going into 2028.
uh because that's the right way to do
this anyway and then everyone will see
that the timeline is far shorter than
people had expected. Some of that
circles right back to Starship, right?
So what these are is these are largely
the same V3 bus that we were just
talking about for Starlink that we're
flying literally in the next, you know,
later this month, next coming days and
weeks. Um and then changing out the
payload, giving it more solar. So
certainly the solar arrays will be
larger and um you know I think that uh
is is incredibly important and people
will see that and then realize how close
this is to to becoming a reality. Um it
doesn't mean we're not continuing to you
know expand our terrestrial footprint on
uh compute as well. But I do think
orbital compute is is definitely the
future.
&gt;&gt; Okay, maybe just one last quick one on
orbital before we turn to terrestrial.
uh you touched upon a little bit, but
just help us better understand how to
think about the cost advantages of
orbital compute relative to terrestrial
compute because that could be a real
competitive differentiation factor for
the company over the long term.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, I I think that the um the moment
when it becomes better than terrestrial
is all about reusability.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; You know, and really that's been a core
capability of our company for over a
decade now. you know, we brought back
first stage uh boosters for Falcon 9 uh
in December of 2015 and started reflying
them the year after that. And so for now
a decade, we've been refflying I think
over 500, you know, rocket boosters now
to space reflown. And so it uh it is,
you know, knowledge that we're carrying
into that that Starship, you know,
platform. And so when you get to the
point hopefully very soon, right,
because we've already recovered a first
stage multiple times and refflown a
first stage of Starship, uh, and you
just heard me talk about the the
recovery progress on the second stage.
When you get into hopefully as soon as
next year where you're reflying both
first and second stage of Starship, the
cost curve goes down dramatically. And
what's really great about it is you look
terrestrial versus, you know, orbital.
In terrestrial, everything's getting
actually more expensive, right? Just
inflation plays out and, you know, power
gets more expensive, cooling, everything
else, buildings, construction, real
estate. And so, you're actually on the
wrong curve for all of us in tech,
right? In tech, we're used to I was a
semiconductor guy before space guy. You
know, you're used to going down that
cost curve. Well, the great part is when
you're flying orbital compute, you're
going down the cost curve. The rockets
are going to get more and more
efficient, more and more capable. the
cost structure will go down related to
the deployment cost and the satellite
will get more and more cost-effective
right you'll benefit from Moore's law or
whatever the equivalent there is you
know following is uh and you'll you'll
be able to get to scale and get the
economies of scale as well and so I
think you're going to end up going down
a cost curve even when you hit parody
maybe as soon as next year
&gt;&gt; okay super interesting let's come back
to terrestrial compute on the earnings
call you guys talked about uh a goal and
a range of getting to terrestrial
compute that could be stood up over the
next 18 months. Talk to us a little bit
about the visibility you have into those
potential outcomes. How to think about
the cost of standing up that terrestrial
compute relative to what you did with
Colossus one and Colossus 2. Would love
to understand the framing of of what was
put out there.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, absolutely. Well, one of the other
things that we did put out uh certainly
and it's related to the terrestrial
comput and the results thereof is we
talked about the fact that by the end of
this year with annualizing our December
number we would we're on track or we
believe we're on track to hit 100
billion ARR and what I would tell you an
update to that is that just earlier this
month we closed another hosting deal and
that translates into about 1.11
billion a month starting December 1st of
this year which which is another roughly
13 billion of ARR that starts December
1st of this year. So I would say we have
even more conviction now about that 100
billion AR target by the end of this
year. I think that's incredibly
compelling. You know, if you look at
where our company was even a couple
quarters ago to where we'll be by Q4 of
this year and a lot of that's driven by,
you know, certainly the growth in
terrestrial compute. You know, we talked
about a range next year of 5 to 10
gigawatts deployed and ending this year
with a little over two.
&gt;&gt; Uh, and so that's a lot of additional
growth in gigawatts in one year. The
reason that we have the confidence is
again that vertical integration.
Circling back, Eric, to that same
comment. you know, the fact that we have
line of sight to the power specifically
because some of it we're going to stand
up ourselves um in existing locations,
you know, I think is hugely important.
Uh Elon talked about even I don't know
beginning of this year or maybe even
last year about the fact that he thought
power would become the constraint and
that people would work through the
allocation of some of the rest of the
supply chain. But you're seeing that
already play out. In fact, even when we
went through the IPO process a couple
months back when we would say I think
power is actually going to be the issue
and that's why orbital compute will be
some become so compelling people were
still a little I'm not sure. I think
everybody's seeing it right and you're
seeing it across the industry now and
you know it's pretty magical that
orbital compute is clearly the solution
here you know on the power and cooling
and permitting permitting side you know
um but uh uh we wouldn't give that range
for next year unless we had line of
sight to power specifically but power
and facilities and permitting needed um
certainly we have a strong relationship
with Nvidia in fact we came out and
talked about the fact that we're you
know Nvidia exclusive and um uh you know
we that strong relationship we hope
certainly will uh translate into you
know good allocation from a compute
perspective because that's the piece
that we don't um control but having a
great partner like that is I think
hugely important uh and so I think the
other thing that when you talk about
that the other thing that we do that
certainly I think is is helpful for them
is when we get this allocation we stand
it up
&gt;&gt; you know I think having certainty that
you have a partner who's actually going
to stand up that compute not maybe not
just for themselves but also for the
industry. It's it's a it's a different
dynamic, right? And I think that
relationship has been very strong and
will continue to be very strong for us.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, that certainly was an interesting
part of the the earnings uh the the
partnership with Nvidia and the framing
of that.
&gt;&gt; Talk to us a little bit broadly about
your own silicon solutions over the
longer term. You obviously have the plan
around Terraab, but you're this very
important partner to Nvidia. How do you
think about the landscape evolving
between first party and third party
solutions around silicon for again
against your ambitions of how much
compute you want to try to stand up?
&gt;&gt; I you know I I think it's an interesting
world for us right now. I mean we have
done these these uh compute deals right
and all almost all of them if not all of
them have been you know in essence 90day
with a 90-day out so roughly six-month
commits in fact the one I just talked
about that we just did um earlier this
month is also the same same structure uh
and timeline and and I think largely
that's because we have so much internal
conviction about our own products in
fact if you look at our own product
cycles um it's pretty great that we
closed the deal with Curser just a few
weeks ago. That brings a huge very
capable team to the to uh to us
officially now. Um and you're already
seeing improved product cycles. Um you
know, announcing Grockbot and getting
that out there. That's a viral product.
It is really amazing. If you haven't
tried it, you should. Um and it's just
getting started down that path, right?
and and you know certainly it takes a
little longer on the enterprise side
than it does the consumer side related
to security and other things you need to
work through but as people start using
it and seeing all of the benefits of it
and starting to talk to their friends
like anecdotally that's what I'm seeing
constantly around this you know we're
starting to see that we saw Gro 4.6 6
come out and be a notable, you know,
improvement from from 4.5. We're talking
about 4.7 here shortly. Uh and so the
product cycle is improving, the size of
the models, the capability. Uh and so
we're we're in this interesting dynamic
where we have so much conviction about
these products and more coming that you
don't want to get in a situation where
you constrain your own products in the
years to come because you were giving
away the compute for forever. And so it
it is for for me and for my finance
team, it's an interesting one because
you're actually basically building this
model of I'm going to have this much
compute from a wattage perspective and
this is my assumption of how I'm going
to monetize it. And we know for a
certain period of time what the range
is. I think on the earnings call we
talked about $30 to $50 is where we
expect next year to be from a range of
monetization.
But and that we were at the high end of
that range is probably the right way I
think the wording we use. um if not
we're on the high end of the range and
uh and and so really now it sets the bar
for our internal team. Yeah.
&gt;&gt; Right. Because you don't want to be
pivoting over to your internal solutions
and have any degradation related to the
monetization. You want to have
improvement. But I mean I don't have the
financials of some of these big big guys
like Enthropic or OpenAI related to
visibility of their financials. I should
say I think our financials might be
better but whatever. But but visibility
to their financials to know exactly what
they're getting from a monetization of
dollars per watt, but based upon what
we're seeing, it's higher than the
range, right? And that's why it makes
sense for them to be coming to someone
like us to get the compute. And it's
been a great virtuous relationship,
right? We have a very strong
relationship with uh Anthropic and
Google, for example. Um, and so you see
that and you say to your team, well
look, if you just forecast that range
for monetization when our tools start
ramping, it'll actually be an
improvement to that range, right? When
they're using our when we are using our
compute and our software models.
&gt;&gt; So it's uh it's pretty great because you
could take a situation where you know
you guys want to model something in that
range and say okay well I see certainty
to that. I actually don't even have to
have any conviction on their products
and see that. But all of the upside of
the products starting to kick in in the
Grock world will all be upside to what I
have in my model, right?
&gt;&gt; And uh I, you know, certainly we're at
the very very early days of something
incredibly compelling on the AI, you
know, evolution, revolution, and really
we're still only in the digital AI side.
Yeah. Right. when you start talking
about physical AI in the years to come,
that even expands the market, you know,
another fold.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, understood. Okay, there there's
maybe two themes in there I just want to
pull on the string a little bit. Um, so
obviously you're you're you're talking
about this third deal for compute. Um,
how do you think about the array of
potential partners for those types of
deals? Because you're standing up
compute in a very constrained
environment and delivering a solution to
the industry that there's a high degree
of demand for. How long do we think that
narrative could sort of play out or how
do you even think about who the people
are that will call and ask you about
that sort of uh uh availability?
&gt;&gt; I mean it feels like almost everybody.
&gt;&gt; Okay.
&gt;&gt; I mean there might be one company that
that that hasn't called us and we
haven't called them. Um but other than
that almost everybody else in the
industry we have first of all very
strong relationships with in many ways
and uh are talking to and and so I think
that just you know speaks to the the
environment that we're all seeing right
this hyper hyperrowth you know dynamic
that from everything we're seeing it's
not slowing down
&gt;&gt; um by any stretch and uh and we don't
predict anything other than up and to
the right in a meaningful way into next
year as well from everything we're
seeing
And so when you see that, first of all,
you want to continue to invest with
great software solutions and do deals
like cursor to make sure anything you
can do to get your product right up
there, you know, um, is is important.
But you also then have a lot of
conviction about making investments for
the future.
&gt;&gt; The other side of this is, you know, the
risk related to these investments for us
is dramatically less when we're in less
than a one-year payback mode.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Yeah.
&gt;&gt; Right. because you can see a situation
even when you're doing 6 months at a
time that likely continues beyond that
with compute that will likely last for I
mean many many years in fact you're
seeing the monetization of many
generations old now compute from Nvidia
still holding its own from a pricing
perspective and so that tells you
related to the residual value on these
GPUs um that it uh you know it's going
to be a great product cycle for a long
time it also
opens up markets from a financing
perspective, right? because now you're
taking in essence creating a whole asset
class related to GPU financing because
everyone is seeing the value of this and
in fact in the earnings call I talked
about the fact and one of my buddies
made fun of me said I'm going to use
that line um that not all capital is the
same right capex is not the same when
you're talking about assets that you can
buy that others could use as well uh
that have less than a one-year payback
that is very different from what you
know the rocket guy would say is like a
hanger or a launch tower that let me
talk about the next couple decades you
know for that asset. Uh so it is an
interesting time and it has kind of a
ripple effect to a lot of other pieces
of the business.
&gt;&gt; Okay. So, one more piece I just want to
click on that you mentioned just to give
you the opportunity because if I think
about what's changed over the last
couple of months, the closing of Cursor,
the success you've had on the model
side, that was not where the
conversation was four months ago and and
now it is where it is now, at least
based on my experience. So, talk a
little bit about how that's evolving the
strategy. You talked a little bit before
about striking a balance in the
business. There's compute deals, but you
don't want to starve your internal
operations that want to go in external
for the long term. Talk about what
you're learning about the opportunity
set as a foundational model company as a
solution like cursor into the enterprise
space and how that could build in
momentum.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, I mean we have certainly up till
this year uh and I've been the CFO for
15 years. So uh we have certainly been
all about organic growth, right? and and
I think you know really proud of our
track record related to capital
allocation um and value creation and
this year we we certainly did some M&amp;A
cursor so far this year but it's because
when you're faced with a product cycle
as amazing as the AI product cycle um
and and again time to market becomes so
critical uh you then look at how do I
get there and how do I get to the very
not just the frontier but how am I
winning at the frontier
And we feel like we have a very a very
logical strategic advantage because
we're an infrastructure company because
of the fact that we have reusable
rocketry that nobody really else has. I
think the Chinese are trying to get
there, right? And to their credit,
they've got an amazing space program.
And I do think in the years to come,
right, we will see things, but but not
on a Starship level anytime soon. Let's
put it that way. And so when you have
that asset and you believe that that
should be the solution for
infrastructure for AI and that it will
drive our cost of compute dramatically
lower than others in the industry, then
you do want to play it forward even
maybe as soon as next year and say well
if if there's multiple solutions out
there and our model is even close to at
the tier one if not better hopefully um
and our token cost is less us. I think
that puts us in the best position
related to um you know related to our
customers.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; And I think in the end that's the key is
you want to be able to say that you're
delivering a better service. And we can
absolutely say that with rockets, you
know, most reliable rocket ever flown,
let alone lower cost per kilogram. We
can absolutely say that with Starlink.
You know, if you look at our Starlink,
you know, product offering. No one's
ever had that before. If you go on an
airplane now and it has Starlink, you'll
know what I mean. Or on a on a cruise
ship or at your house for that matter.
Um and and now we want to be able to do
the same thing with AI and and honestly
like this is a company that's only used
to being in number one and and winning.
And so what what I would tell you is
since the IPO, I have a couple friends
that are like, "Oh, well at least you
you got through that. Now you can you
can relax a bit." I'm like, "Are you
kidding me?" It's probably more intense
now than it was because it's it's such
an exciting time and all we want to do
is get out there and deliver the best
product. Yeah.
&gt;&gt; You know, and I think there's an
opportunity for us and you're seeing
Grockbot start to be part of that and
Grock, you know, continuing to to evolve
to that. We're not going to settle
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; not going to settle for anything other
than going after being the best product
for our customers. And I think that's
really compelling and I think people are
starting to see that and that's probably
the change to your point of maybe the
talking points from a couple months ago
is people said yes I get it I understand
why you guys could be the best
infrastructure solution for AI
&gt;&gt; but they were a little hesitant related
to the products and already like 90 days
later not even
&gt;&gt; I think people are seeing oh they were
very serious about this side yeah
&gt;&gt; of the business as well so it's
exciting. Yeah, definitely. Um, I do
want to touch upon connectivity. Um,
let's go with Starlink broadband first.
You brought up the example of if you
experience the product and then don't
experience the product, I could
personally attest there is a difference
u for what it's worth. But talk a little
bit about what you've learned about the
addressable market for Starling
broadband, especially some of the key
verticals that you're attacking globally
and how you think about building or
scaling competitive advantages around
that business. Yeah, you know what's
interesting is we started out and
actually the first year we called it
better than nothing service right in
2020 or 2021 and we were learning and we
were getting satellites up there and
then a couple years later it was clear
that we had a very strong you know
service and consumer was still a big
focus because we hadn't gotten to the
point of being able to go to a CTO CIO
and show that we were three or 49s
uptime and that we could you know give
commitment levels and you know SLAs's
But in the last couple years, we're
there and enterprise has been a big push
and everybody wants to talk to us
because when you're now in a world where
resiliency is so important, not having
Starlink be part of your networking
solution just doesn't make any sense,
right? And there isn't really another
solution that's anything close to
Starlink at all. And and so you're
seeing that and we're seeing that in
almost every industry this makes sense.
whether you want to use Starlink as your
backup or your primary like why wouldn't
you do that because certainly you know
any board member could look up and any
of those companies and go why were you
down like why why wasn't there Starlink
in the solution so so I think we're
seeing that on the fixed wireless side
and then we have a huge opportunity on
anything related to mobility right we
were talking about aircraft we have a
huge backlog actually on the on the um
aircraft side that we're actually
ramping up our production for right now
and addressing pretty exciting on that
front um almost every major airline,
three of the four largest. We can't even
talk about the one that's not in the
fold because it's just kind of
embarrassing. But um we'll we'll make
sure, right, that we embarrass. But uh
um but cruise ships, you know, yachts,
uh trains, any time where the
connectivity wasn't there, it now can be
there. Yeah.
&gt;&gt; And what's great if you just say cruises
or airlines for a minute is now it's
exposure to millions and millions of
folks that are getting connectivity from
Starlink that otherwise wouldn't. Um and
now thinking geez I could could have
this at my home or office.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; You know and what we're kind of what we
were facing in the past is actually most
of our issue if we didn't have an issue
because we were selling every terminal
we were making but but issue overall um
on the demand side was just awareness.
you know, people weren't aware that we
were there. We still face a lot of that
outside the US especially where you go
places and you say, "Well, you know, you
you could have Starlink and they ask you
what Starlink is and you're like, it
just means uh we have some work to do."
&gt;&gt; Opportunity,
&gt;&gt; but it it it certainly is a huge
opportunity. And uh I'm very excited
actually about what the next step is.
And what I mean by that is, you know,
even on the on the broadband, let alone
when we can talk about mobile in a
minute, but you know, the fact that AI
and physical AI will probably be a large
conversation when we start into next
year and beyond of devices everywhere.
These devices are going to want to have
AI, you know, uh, embed from a knowledge
perspective and capabilities will be
there, but they also need to be
connected basically at all times
&gt;&gt; and they can't be down. And so
connectivity to a humanoid robot or
autonomous car or other any type of
flying vehicle like that is not
something that you're going to do with
terrestrial solutions.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; And so I think it's going to open up the
connectivity market dramatically when
you see these solutions coming out
because they need so much more data for
that connectivity.
&gt;&gt; So it's really exciting on that front.
&gt;&gt; Understood. Um let's turn to the the
longer term the medium to longer term
mobile ambitions of the company. You've
been very upfront about these ambitions.
Uh you've invested in assets that can
build out a portfolio of solutions to
deliver uh globally and to consumers.
How are you thinking about investing
building and scaling against the broader
mobile telefan opportunity that could
present in front of the company in the
years ahead?
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Someone asked me just recently,
well is it a distraction at this point?
I said, 'Not at all. You know what's
beautiful about this model is we're
going to take largely the same V3 bus
that you're about to see fly in
production for our V3 satellites for
broadband and we're going to change the
payload out and be able to deliver
starting next year flying satellites for
building out our network for um direct
to device, right, for the mobile. Um,
and so that's probably all through next
year. And then the first half of 28,
we'll be able to turn on a service
that's completely differentiated from
anything out there. And and I think
that's pretty magical because then you
can put that team onto the AI sat as
well next year, right? And so you
basically have all because of Starship,
which is why I want to start the
conversation always when we talk about
SpaceX with Starship. this capability
that nobody else has and won't for years
and years um delivers to all three of
those businesses, that broadband
business, that mobile direct to device
business, and the AISAT business. And so
flying those satellites in those
constellations will be really really um
terrific related to getting our cadence
up on our own rocket business as well.
But circling back to direct to device,
we're we're planning to fly the
satellites next year and have the
capability to turn on service first half
of 28. Um and so now what that means is
we've got some time to figure out
exactly, you know, if there are other
assets we need related to it. Um we can
we can look at that. But what we went
out and did is we saw that this is where
the business was going. And it just
looked like a missed opportunity to not
be also in mobile when you have this
capability to deliver from space that no
one's ever had before. And so we turned
on um our version one of this and flew
600 satellites very quickly within a
year, right? and and turned on the
service that for example in the United
States you know you look at T-Mobile and
they call it T-AD I think and that's the
Starlink version one right but that's
more like a texton service um and maybe
light voice and it's awesome for
disaster recovery it's awesome from an
emergency perspective if you get into a
dead zone somewhere you can still
connect but it's not what you and I are
used to with full 5G
&gt;&gt; the next version of this what we're
going to start flying next year with the
satellites is full 5G quality service
and so now it's a matter of when we go
to market we bought the spectrum the
mid-band spectrum from Echoar for us
&gt;&gt; um and so we feel like we've got the
spectrum where we can go turn on service
we've got that and it has direct from
space and terrestrial capability already
um you know FCC approved uh so if we
need to we can stand up terrestrial
solutions to put the terrestrial piece
in place too or we could work with
existing carriers we're open to I a lot
of different ways to do it, but we're
marching down that path in the US. Uh
overseas, we're probably going to have
to go through the same process that we
did with broadband, right? We started
out with a with a service that was
approved in the US and then over the
next couple of years went and now we're
inund over 170 countries around the
world with Starlink on the broadband
side. and we worked with each, you know,
regulator in each country um to really
just to demonstrate that we are bringing
a product offering that's better for the
consumer. Again, I think it circles back
to is this a product that's better than
what's out there? And for sure it is on
the broadband side and for sure it will
be in an industry that just hasn't
innovated for decades. If you think
about the wireless industry, right, in
essence, the service you have is largely
the same. And I don't even remember when
5G was talked about. It was a long time
ago. You know, I was at Qualcomm way
back in the day myself. And so, uh, you
know, now you're talking about being
able to come to market with a product
that shouldn't have dead zones, can have
global roaming, you can go anywhere you
need to with it. And that's pretty
magical, especially if you're charging
same or slightly less than a service
that doesn't have any of those things.
And I and I think that's why the big
three operators were a little concerned
about us and wanted to create a cartel.
Maybe I don't know what the term is. But
um but I'm not a lawyer and I'll let
them figure that out. But but the point
being, you know, I think that the whole
industry is seeing that we have the
ability to deliver a service that'll be
really compelling for people.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Let me let me try to tie it
together with one final question. you
face all these decisions about what to
invest in uh all these different
durations and return profiles. Talk a
little bit about allocating capital to
all of these opportunities and then
bring it home with the the theme of like
what are you the most excited about to
continue to demonstrate to the market in
the years ahead.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, I think our track record on
capital allocation kind of speaks for
itself, but what what it looks like
there's a lot of different things we're
investing in. I think really right now
you should think we're investing in
Starship specifically cuz it enables our
other businesses and we're investing in
terrestrial compute because the better
we get at that I think will help us on
the orbital compute side and will also
be an incredible funding mechanism for
some of the other pieces of the
business. I think in the longer term, I
think right now the piece that's still a
little misunderstood is orbital compute
simply because I think the time frame
that others have related to when is this
going to be bringing gigawatts or tens
of gigawatts to the table is different
than what we're actually going to be
able to deliver.
&gt;&gt; Okay, I really appreciate the
opportunity. Thanks for coming. We
really appreciate you being part of the
conference. Please join me in thanking
SpaceX for being a part.