Channel:     electrified
Title:       Tesla Launches Brilliant New Business Partnership / Slate EV Details Drop ⚡️
URL:         https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NCO7U_CexWw
Published:   2026-06-24 23:39 UTC
Fetched:     2026-06-25 00:00 UTC

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Welcome to Electrified. It's your host,
Dylan Lumis. Quick shout out to my
newest patrons, Tom C., Craig T, and Jim
M. Thank you for choosing to support the
channel. Yes, I'm wearing the same shirt
as yesterday because it is that
comfortable and I like it that much. And
for those that asked where I got it,
it's just a brand new shirt on the
official SpaceX merch store. Getting
into it, I heard Brian from Futurazza
share this stat, and I looked into it,
and it appears to be true. Tesla's Model
3 had somewhere between 8,000 and 10,000
parts for the entire vehicle. The word
is cyber cab will be about 50% of that.
So, let's call it 4,000 parts for the
entirety of the cyber cab. The word on
the street is that Whimo's sensor suite
alone, meaning everything that Whimo has
to add on to the vehicles it's getting
from these third parties, is somewhere
in the neighborhood of 4,000 parts. Set
another way, the cyber cab in its
entirety is roughly the same number of
parts as just the sensor suite and the
kit that Whimo needs to add to its
vehicles. And yet we still have millions
of people confused as to why people like
us are saying Tesla has a structural
advantage in the robo taxi space.
Understandably right now everybody is
hyperfocused on robo taxis, Optimus and
anything AI related. But I have to say I
desperately wish more people appreciated
the lengths Tesla is going to to
innovate with the electrical grid. It
may not be the most entertaining topic
ever, but the more I look into the
current status of the grid and where
things are headed with AI and data
centers, the more I start to deeply
appreciate all of the work Tesla is
quietly doing. Like this new deal today
between Tesla, Sunun, and Renew Home.
These three companies have announced an
agreement to deliver more than 16 gawatt
of flexible energy capacity to
hyperscalers and utilities. This
agreement establishes a framework for
three of the biggest players in home
energy to aggregate millions of existing
demand side and energy exporting devices
in states across the country into local
turnkey solutions. And the magic here,
this deal requires no additional
hardware, software, interconnection,
water or land usage for off-taking
parties. Deployable in months, not
years. This capacity as a solution
framework creates headroom on the
existing grid by freeing up transmission
capacity, easing congestion on
distribution infrastructure, and
extending the duration and depth of
available capacity, all while helping
American households lower energy bills,
earn rewards, and power through outages.
Together, the companies would form the
largest distributed power plant in the
country. The combined 16 gawatt resource
draws dispatchable capacity from
hundreds of thousands of home battery
systems operated by Sunun and Tesla
alongside flexible peak capacity from
more than 8 million smart thermostats
and devices managed by Renew Home. When
data centers are asked to throttle down
operations during the most expensive and
stressful hours of the day, they said,
"We can activate our distributed power
plants to help provide them power they
need while also protecting American
families from footing the bill for
costly new infrastructure." And it
really is sad to me when I think about
how many millions of people would point
at Elon and say, "Bad data centers,
bad." and have no idea that Tesla and
Elon are out here creating deals like
this to ease the pain for everyday
people and to optimize the existing
infrastructure and to come up with
creative new solutions to provide these
hyperscalers aka data centers more power
by using the infrastructure already in
place. And not only that, they're going
to give hundreds of thousands of people
the ability to earn credits from their
utility bill when they opt in to this
program. It's brilliant. It's largely an
asset that already has all of the
infrastructure in place. Somebody,
likely Tesla, just needs to develop the
software to get it to run smoothly. So,
not only is Elon pushing the envelope to
move these data centers into space, but
he's also now allowing everyday people
to get paid for providing power already
in place to these data centers so they
can participate in this game. So,
absolutely use this as a talking point
anytime Elon andor data centers are
brought up because I can almost
guarantee you 99% of people will never
hear about this deal. And even if they
do, they won't actually understand what
it means. In Virginia, the heart of data
center alley, these companies already
have more than 300 megawatts of capacity
readily available for immediate
deployment. By 2030, that figure is
expected to grow to at least 500
megawatts, rivaling some of the biggest
generation facilities in the state. That
as installations of home batteries and
smart thermostats ramp up. And if you're
wondering how these smart thermostats
can play into the story, when homes with
those devices opt into this program
during certain high usage times of the
day, the software running the system
will raise the temperature of those
thermostats to lower the electricity use
from those AC units, easing the stress
on the grid, redirecting some of that
power elsewhere and compensating those
homeowners in the process, which yes, is
another ancillary benefit for owning
battery storage at your home. Given the
unprecedented race for power,
hyperscalers interested in securing
these local energy resources are
encouraged to engage immediately as
available capacity will be allocated on
a first come, first served basis.
Together, the companies have also
committed to provide capacity to PJM's
proposed reliability backs stop process.
And PJM is just one of the biggest
regional transmission companies in the
country. If accepted, PJM would
immediately unlock over a gigawatt of
capacity today. In short, right now, PJM
is facing some serious capacity
shortfalls as we know. Bringing new
power capacity online takes years thanks
to the interconnection cues. But these
three companies, one of which being
Tesla, are flying in with their capes on
to provide up to a gawatt of power right
now. Once again, without having to build
out new infrastructure. New analysis
from the Brattle Group found better
utilization of the existing power grid
could reduce US electricity bills by
between 110 and $170 billion over the
next decade and could accelerate data
center interconnection by several years.
These three companies designed this
framework to capture exactly that dual
benefit. Hyperscalers come online faster
and costs go down for everyone. And
finally, just some of the benefits.
Better grid utilization, lower rates for
everyone, innovative customer offers and
experiences for those that opt in,
savings and rewards for those same
households that opt in, latent existing
capacity, aka better utilization of the
hardware already in place, and using
that power capacity that otherwise would
sit on the sidelines. The speed to new
capacity, as we talked about, national
coverage and joint market development.
This new joint capacity delivery
framework can give these companies like
data centers and utilities a trusted
source for gigawatts of flexible
capacity by cutting through the
complexity of managing multiple resource
developers and accelerating the path
from need to deployment. Said another
way, it's a giant nationwide virtual
power plant with assets aggregated
across all three of these companies for
solar, battery storage, and the smart
home thermostats. So, this is of course
great for these three companies and for
the demand for their products given this
extra utility. It's great for data
centers and the utilities and it'll be
great for homeowners and even those
outside of the VPP that will benefit
from the alleviation during those times
when the grid is stressed. And it's
literally just using the hardware that's
in place. Brilliant.
Another quick heads up, Fantic, the
sponsor of this video, is running its
big Prime Day sale right now. So, if
you've been waiting to try out a Fantic
product, now would be a great time. And
yes, the ever popular X10 Cross
multi-purpose inflator that so many of
you love is on sale. And remember, it's
not just to inflate tires, but it works
for balls and pool floats, water toys,
air mattresses, and so on. I keep mine
in my frunk at all times, so I never
have to stop at a gas station for air.
And it also has a strong flashlight for
using it at night. Plus, the X10 doubles
as a power bank and has pretty
incredible battery life. I could easily
refill more than 10 tires, adding more
than 10 PSI to each one on a single
charge. And Fantic has a variety of
products. We know Tesla's historically
had soft paint and it's made
improvements, but the Fantic P10 Pro
Mini polisher does have a low-speed
design when it comes to RPMs, which is
great for use on a Tesla. The P10 only
weighs half a pound. It's cordless. It
runs up to 50 minutes on a charge and
it's designed for the areas that
full-size polishers usually can't reach.
It has three variable speeds. It comes
with a full kit of polishing and sanding
pads and it's quiet enough at 65 dB that
you can detail in your garage without
waking up your neighbors. So, if you'd
like to support the channel and grab my
discounts, all of the links and the
coupon codes are in the description
below. Tesla's Cybert truck was awarded
the 2026 top safety pick plus rating and
the only two categories where it was not
good. It received a marginal for seat
belt reminders and acceptable for latch
ease of use. And yes, the Cybert truck
was the safest truck.
And yes, the Cybert truck was the safest
truck tested and the only one to get the
IHS Top Safety Pick Plus label. And just
so you know, there's no new rating for
the Model Y or Model 3 for 2026. The
Model Y still has the highest rating,
the top safety pick plus, but it's from
last year really because there were no
structural changes from that vehicle.
And last year, the Model 3 only got the
top safety pick. It did not get the
plus. Part of the problem was actually
headlights, but we won't go into details
on that. But the big change for the
Cybertruck and why it was re-evaluated
this year, the front underbody structure
and the driver footwell area. Tesla
updated the geometry and stiffened
certain parts and that led to better
crashworthiness and ultimately the top
safety pick plus. And it really is so
rewarding when you think back to all of
the headlines like this from the past
few years. Report: Elon Cybert trucks
are deadlier than the infamous Ford
Pintos.
But no, uh, actually, no, they're not.
This one was interesting. Out at sea, we
have Marlink and Oldenorf carriers
expanding their partnership. But this
deal moves beyond simple hardware
installation by shifting the fleet's
data consumption model to a unified,
flexible, shared pool of monthly data
capacity. This hybrid network allows
Oldenorf to dynamically allocate LEO
bandwidth across its fleet based on
shifting geographic operational
workflows and crew welfare demands.
Historically, these commercial vessels
relied entirely on geo geostationary
satellites orbiting more than 35 km
above the equator. While geo networks
provide broad coverage, their extreme
distance introduces inherent high
latency lag and restricted upload
speeds. Enter Starlink and Marlink's
onboard smart routing hardware
continuously checks the signal health,
latency, and cost profile of each
connection, automatically routing
critical shipto-shore vessel telematics
through the most stable link while
offloading data heavy crew internet
traffic to the Starlink broadband
stream. And in this space, there's a
broader maritime compliance trend where
ship owners are increasingly treating
high-speed onboard Wi-Fi as a vital tool
for crew retention rather than a luxury,
which probably says a lot about our
culture right now, but that's a separate
video. But seriously, when you think
about people that are at sea for months
at a time, that can't do video calls
with family, they can't stream anything,
they're limited with games they can play
to pass the time, which most of you
already know. But at this point, we now
have over 15 major shipping providers
that have publicly committed to
large-scale Starlink deployments. Slate
Auto, the barebones EV truck starting
under $25,000,
is getting closer to production. The CEO
just said every vehicle produced will be
gross margin positive. That will lead
the company to positive free cash flow
and IBIDA by 2027. We'll see. They said
their break even point is about 80,000
vehicles per year, which would be just
over half of the 150,000 unit production
capacity they plan to have at its
assembly plant in Warsaw, Indiana.
Basically, every truck off the line will
be identical, but there will be plenty
of customization options after the fact.
One of which will be Slate's offering of
more than 100 standard wrap colors for
under $500. And the vehicle is so basic
that the speakers are optional, and it
has hand crank windows, which of course
you can upgrade. And the truck can be
converted into a five passenger SUV for
an additional $5,000. The estimated EV
range is 205 miles with 181 horsepower.
Deliveries are expected to begin in Q4
this year, and the CEO said, "We're
going to constantly take a look at what
our options are. Certainly, going public
will be one. 2027 is probably too soon
in my book. I think we'll want to really
make sure we're launching and scaling
the business." Well, Slate has already
received more than 180,000 reservations
for its vehicles and is officially
opening up pre-orders today. Slate will
initially offer more than 175
accessories with over 80 under $500,
including things like roof racks,
stereos, and light covers. Slate's
vehicle does not feature any
connectivity like a modem or large
screens. Just a small driver info screen
for range, speed, and other standard
gauges. Instead of a center infotainment
system, drivers can use their own
devices like a smartphone or tablet for
navigation and music. And to save money
and time, the exteriors of the Slate
vehicles will not be painted. They were
engineered to be wrapped with a vinyl
film. Right now, Slate is building about
three vehicles every day, but they still
need to go through the required federal
vehicle validation and certification for
things like range, safety, and other
aspects. Slate has not yet ruled out the
addition of four-door models, but right
now its sole focus is on the twodoor
pickup and the ability to convert it to
an SUV. It's also exclusively a
rearwheel drive vehicle. And Slate did
say they plan to go direct to customer
rather than through franchise dealers.
I'm certainly intrigued by this one. I'm
definitely rooting for them. I would
love to see more affordable electric
options on the road. And given the
allocart type menu here, I think that
will attract some people to build your
own, if you will. But we'll find out if
200 m of range is going to be enough.
Now, you and I know that for 90% of
people, that's plenty for day-to-day
use. But the perception out there, for
whatever reason, is that, well, if I
don't have 400 mi of range, I'm going to
be stranded almost every day. So, thank
you media for that perception. Zuks just
announced the redesign of its robo taxi,
the one people are now calling the
Toaster, but it has higher quality
touchscreens, more comfortable seats and
headrests, along with some exterior
tweaks so people can better distinguish
the front from the back. And the updates
come as Zuks is plotting expansion in
additional markets and preparing to
charge for rides later this year. Zuks
also just said it has served more than
500,000 riders since it opened service
in Las Vegas last September. Zuks
currently offers free rides in parts of
Las Vegas and San Francisco, and it's
allowing select users to hail its robo
taxis in small areas in Miami and
Austin, Texas. It's also testing in six
other US cities. In March, Zuk struck a
partnership with Uber to make its robo
taxis available through its ride hailing
app in Las Vegas. And in March, Zuks did
And in March, Zuk signed a deal with
Uber. And in March, Zuks did sign a deal
with Uber to make its robo taxis
available on the platform, but it's
still waiting on approval from Nitsa for
that exemption to deploy up to 2500 of
its vehicles on public roads
commercially. Zuks did say the
redesigned robo taxi is its production
intent vehicle and they expect to
introduce the model to its fleet later
this year and they said they will soon
begin largescale production of its robo
taxis at its manufacturing site in the
Bay Area that opened last June and
eventually they plan to produce 10,000
vehicles a year once it's at full scale.
And Tesla just dropped a new trunk
organizer for the Model Y. It's $245,
but it looks rather modular and
customizable with the ability to lay
flat. Tesla stock closed the day at
$37,553,
down 1.59%,
while SpaceX closed the day at $154.54,
down 1.01% and the NDX was down43%.
Don't forget, check out Fantic linked
below. That X10 cross is an absolute
essential in all of my vehicles. I hope
you all have a wonderful day and a huge
thank you to all of my Patreon
supporters.