Channel:     futureaza
Title:       SpaceX MAD Earnings, FSD Conquest Buyers. So much MORE than Cars, but cars too - Tesla Beat Podcast
URL:         https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RsaELuDwtY0
Published:   2026-08-07 14:45 UTC
Fetched:     2026-08-08 08:00 UTC

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Got it.
&gt;&gt; Welcome everyone to number 155. And what
a crazy week. Um, first Tesla earnings
for those who celebrate and are going to
be listening. I know a lot of uh people
in the Tesla space will just naturally
um, you know, start watching the SpaceX
earnings. And uh, we were joking with
uh, with Brian earlier, who knows at
some point uh, Tesla and SpaceX could
merge. And so, you know, the Tesla the
SpaceX world is becoming more part of
the Tesla world as we saw with some of
the announcements this week, which we'll
get into. Um, and then obviously the uh
location for the Terafab. Um, but with
that said, um, how's everyone doing?
&gt;&gt; Busy week, man. Busy week. Lot going on.
The SpaceX earnings were beyond
exciting. Uh, first you could hear
everything. That was nice. Uh, but also
the information that was shared was
pretty spectacular. I look forward to
getting into it.
&gt;&gt; Definitely. Well, uh, with that said,
um, quick shout out to Insta 360. The
Link 2C is an amazing companion. Um, and
it's a great, um, little camera that you
can take that shoots in very high
quality and follows you around, um, as
Joe is kind of dancing. Um, but with
that said, all right, let's just let's
just jump straight into it. Um Joe, I'll
pass kick us off, man.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, SpaceX earnings call happened. Uh
Brian did a live stream if anybody
caught that. But uh Sawyer had a few
highlights here. It was pretty cool. The
revenues are like incredible. They're uh
just a quick top of mind things. The the
uh activations for Starlink is like
Yeah, I don't think people realize how
gang busters SpaceX is going to be. I
think you got a hint of it like before,
but of course they're spending crazy
money as any space company would be.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Let me hit
&gt;&gt; let me hit some of these uh before we
pass it to some of the audience, let me
hit some of these things on the thread.
So, uh total revenue is 7.8 billion, up
92% year-over-year from 4 billion and up
66% quarter-over-arter. The net loss was
about 540 million um improving from 467
the previous year.
um loss from operations was 143 million
and that improved from a loss of 970
million a year a year-over-year. So they
are op they are optimizing and at some
point you know they're going to be
they're going to be profitable and again
this is all coming probably via
Starlink. IBITa was uh 3.5 billion up
191%.
Capex at 18.3 billion up from 10.1
billion obviously. Um and uh space
revenue up essentially 30% uh at 962
million. Um and then space operating
losses at 542. So I'm not going to go
through everything else but uh one other
thing is I think the other one thing I
wanted to highlight connectivity revenue
which I assume is Starlink and if you
think of the total revenue guys 7.81
total connectivity is 4.3 billion up
66%.
That is absolutely insane. So again,
it's just like I think Elon comments all
the time about like how much the NASA
revenue actually makes up from
government contracts and stuff, but uh
there it is. There's all all the facts.
&gt;&gt; But they're but they're losing like a
billion a year. Don't you understand? If
this continues without more revenue
coming in, they'll go bankrupt in a in
50 years.
I guess a hundred years, but [laughter]
I Yeah. No, it's two billion a year
they're losing. They're gonna they and
is there going to be more revenue? Yes.
Yes, there is. Um Starlink is just
getting started. Starlink has not
reached saturation in any of the
countries where it's operating. There
are pockets where it's certainly maxed
out, but not everywhere. And there are
additional countries to bring online.
They've got 160 markets already. Not
countries, but markets. Uh so I assume
that means that Puerto Rico is a
separate market from the US. Guam is a
separate market. the Virgin Islands, for
example. But, uh, there's a lot more to
go. And poor Husenet, they are down to
what, a half million subscribers. We'll
just take those. It's fine. You're
you're done. Just pack it in. Uh, and
the only reason Hughet is still has any
subscribers at all is the same reason
people stuck with AOL to the bitter
bitter end. It's just easier than
changing. Sometimes you need a nudge.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Yeah, I mean the thing about the
the mobile revenue, the Starlink revenue
is it's it's the the TAM is essentially
all internet access in the world and
internet access is increasing every year
especially with robotics. So even if the
percentage you know they start to
approach say 50% of all internet
subscribers that the total number the
amount of bandwidth is going to increase
year after year. So that that market
essentially, you know, will will have
trouble reaching saturation. Um the
biggest thing for me is pulling forward
the 2031 one trillion revenue goal to
2030. You know, so Elon said we're going
to hit um hit a trillion in revenue in
2030. And that shocked some people, but
that's just pulling it forward one year,
which means all of their current plans
are are on track. So, you know, that
that equates to like a 75 80% growth. um
in revenue annually, which you know, if
you look at the past couple years, does
not seem like a crazy number.
&gt;&gt; Just 20% quicker. Just uh yeah, and
you're right. Once you've addressed 100%
of humans internet needs, then where do
you go? How do you expand um beyond
humans? Uh you know, yeah. And once
you've covered the entire world, where
do you go? Other worlds. I'm just
thinking out loud here. This is kind of
how it works, right?
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Um I I think people truly um
people truly don't understand uh the the
importance of what [snorts] Starlink is.
It's the probably the most it it could
be one of the greatest inventions of our
time. Um you know, just when you think
of like the modern era that we're in
right now. Um cuz I remember when I was
graduating college, I remember hearing
about all these companies investing in,
you know, countries like in um
continents like Africa where they were
at the time, right, there wasn't
satellites. They were going to spend
billions of dollars to essentially build
fiber optics, you know, so that they can
get these rural areas access. And here
here you have Elon. He's like, "Hold
hold my beer. Let me save you hundreds
of millions if not billions of dollars
to build some crazy infrastructure. Let
me build you a small receiver where you
can just like all you need is power and
you know and that can be an issue in
some of these areas but you know you
have to have a bare minimum. So all you
need is power and an open sky. It's just
two things. Um and so I think it's just
one of those things. It's kind of like
in my opinion the the way that I'm think
about it's just coming to mind right now
is you know with soccer there's a reason
why soccer is the most played sport in
the world. It's because you just need a
soccer ball. Doesn't matter if you're on
mud, dirt, cement, you can play. You
start talking about baseball the numbers
drop off significantly because people
have to spend all these hundreds of
dollars for gear. Now think of Starlink.
Starlink is the soccer but for internet
connectivity mobile service because the
bare minimum is needed and in some cases
with Starlink mobile in that case you
won't need a Starlink you know
potentially right it'll just come
straight down. Um but with that said um
&gt;&gt; oh I got to I I got to address that
because that's the customer part. That's
the easy part. The Starlink itself is
the crazy part. John, I need you to
invest. I need tens of billions of
dollars. Uh, I'm going to launch this
service you just described. Well, my
experts looked at it. You would need to
launch more satellites than the history
of the world combined just for it to
work. And even at that point, you still
wouldn't have recovered the money that
you need. How are you going to do that?
What with rockets you're going to use
30, 40 times? Well, yes. Uh, we're doing
that. Uh, so it is impossible. It can't
be done. And by the time you're about to
start making money, they start falling
out of the sky. it'll never work. Well,
uh, if we can drop payload to orbit to,
you know, tens of thousands instead of
millions, then we can do it. And that's
exactly what they've done. It was a
crazy idea. It had no right to work. If
any piece of it went wrong, the whole
thing was done. And they did it. So when
you're telling me that these engineers
can't figure out something like heat
shields, I just go, buddy, if it can be
done within the bounds of physics, these
rocket scientists will do it.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. And not only if they can't, they
will utilize, you know, the full
musconomy companies to figure things out
as you see multiple employees working at
X and and Tesla or X uh SpaceX AI and
Tesla or SpaceX and Tesla. I mean, it's
just you're literally seeing that
overlap. They have uh the brightest
engineers, even the Boring Company. It's
it's crazy the things that they're
they're doing. Um I remember talking to
Steve and uh they were just talking so
much about how um you know, they have
all of these problems and all they want
is just young eager engineers and they
will you know, they'll be able to solve
pretty much anything. It's just it's
just bandwidth. Um, but yeah, I think
like I said, I think people truly have
no idea what Starlink is truly going to
mean for humanity. Um, and also too, I
heard something, and again, this is not
financial advice, but they were saying
something like, you know, this would be
a great stock for your grandchildren.
just something just hold put in and you
know think about where it'll go in 10 20
years because um you know what they're
doing um you know again you're seeing it
with Starlink that was the holy grail
and uh up 66% at 4.2 billion out of the
out of the what is it 7 uh jeez uh 7.8
eight billion. I mean, that's that's um
what is it? Something two-thirds. Again,
just rough math. But um or about about
half. So, but crazy to think with as big
as SpaceX is is, you know, Starlink is
the thing that is just um crushing it.
All right, guys. With that said, uh the
Terapab. So, um you know, just to put
this into perspective, um shout out to
Nick. Uh I love his, you know, graphics
that he puts together. But they
announced the Grimes County as the new
Teraf fab location. You can see on the
bottom right uh the Tesla Gigafactory.
And for those that know the it takes
more than a minute to just hold your
phone driving almost like 60 to 70 m an
hour going by Giga Texas. Now it takes
something that's 10 times bigger. And I
hope they put it next to a highway so
you can literally do that B-roll again
and go it's instead of one minute it's
going to be 10 minutes. I don't know.
[laughter]
Uh you're going to have to you're going
to have to 10x it, but they announced
it. Um and this is uh Grimes County um
Texas real estate's about to get very
expensive or at least go from $150,000 a
home to like 250. Um if that's even the
price there. I have no idea. Um but with
that said
uh it looks like you know SpaceX is uh
you know uh working with um the civil
work will begin uh almost immediately
construction could start within months
knowing Tesla it already is and if you
don't know Tesla actually hires and
space I believe probably would be the
same for SpaceX but I can say this with
certainty on the Tesla side is that they
hire their own construction guys. So
those are employees. They're not contra
contractors. They will hire and
outsource some of the work, you know,
for specialties, but for the most part,
they're going to go in and build this.
They already built Giga Texas. They're
going to go in and build this terafab
with the SpaceX uh employees as well. Um
yeah, you know, the target output one
terowatt per year chips for FSD and
Optimus. So,
yeah, here we go, guys. Here we go.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, it's a big bet. That's a big
building.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Um, one thing I wanted to just
quickly swing back to, um, Brian, was
there anything any concerns that you saw
in the earnings report that uh, you
know, people are talking about or that
you're um that that you wanted to call
out?
&gt;&gt; No, that's the that to me was the most
surprising part. I was expecting a miss
on this or that uh or a disappointment
here or there but across the board the
connectivity revenue was higher than
expected. The uh launch uh revenue was
higher than expected. The compute was
higher than expected. The only risks
that they were that were really credibly
highlighted is a lot of this value of AI
compute uh is based on a lot of
assumptions today and we don't know how
true those will hold in the future.
compute will get cheaper, models will
keep leapfrogging each other to see
who's best and all that. Uh, but the
reality is for the lease compute, the
biggest feather in Tesla's cap, in
SpaceX's cap, see I'm doing it, is that
they can stand up a data center quicker
than anyone else. They can get it
rolling quicker than anyone else. And if
I have a choice between building my own
data center or renting yours for an
unhealthy markup, the real difference is
do I want my compute in the next 30 to
60 days or do I want it in a year or
two? Year or two will put me out of
business. I have to rent it. Uh maybe I
can also have enough money left to build
mine on the side, but you might have to
go back out to Capital Markets for that.
So for now they're you know AWS of AI
compute is on reasonably solid ground.
&gt;&gt; Yeah it's really interesting how uh and
again Jensen from Nvidia said this like
you know they wanted to put 100,000 GPUs
I believe it was they he had only um
been able to kind of like have this idea
of building 30,000 but I think it was 19
days Elon built it in 100,000. Again,
that's one of many examples. But what's
crazy is that Elon saw, okay, the gold
rush is going to consist of two things.
Um, having a ton of compute or having
space to get to rent out and give back
essentially. And so a lot of these
companies are, as we saw even talking
with with all these um AI experts this
past week and hearing from them is that
people realize that they may not need as
much compute and so they can now go back
and essentially rent it out at these
crazy markups which we saw with
Anthropic paying a billion a quarter and
again I know there's like an expiration
date and then Google some crazy number
but it is just you know wild that go
build a couple more of these and now you
are pretty much a landlord for compute
space,
&gt;&gt; isn't it? A billion a month.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. What did I say? A quarter.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. It's a billion a month. And again,
I don't remember if that was nine months
or several years. Um but with that said,
it's Yeah, it's a it's it's um a crazy
amount. I wonder actually is that I
wonder if that revenue is being
recognized under connectivity or space.
I would I assume connectivity, right?
&gt;&gt; Yeah, it's a good question. Uh, I don't
think it's under connectivity or space
or space. I think it's under the third
one. What was it called again?
&gt;&gt; I'm trying to let me let me see. Um, I
only saw
&gt;&gt; R&amp;D some some type of future revenues.
&gt;&gt; It was just the Yeah, the only ones that
we called out were space and
connectivity. But again, maybe we could
flip back to that question at some
point. Um but yeah, so again um
[clears throat] with that said, Teraf
Fab is announced it's coming to Grimes
County. Shout out to Texas and all of
the Texans who are making out like
bandits just living in the right space
at the right time.
&gt;&gt; That the fact that it's Grimes County is
hilarious.
&gt;&gt; It's a little [laughter]
a little on the nose simulation.
&gt;&gt; Is not pulling out of Grimes.
&gt;&gt; The third Oh my gosh. The third pillar
in the earnings report was just called
AI. And I think that's the category that
the compute would fall under for
revenue.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Can you imagine they renamed the
county before this was announced? I'm
sure [laughter]
I know. I know it was already they were
um but Joe, I'll pass this one to you,
man.
&gt;&gt; This is a Matthew one, but uh yeah,
final days to get your
&gt;&gt; Yeah, let let Matthew take this one.
&gt;&gt; Sure. Yeah. So, California just a couple
days ago launched their new $3,500 EV
credit um on new vehicles as well
as$,750 on used vehicles. So, what's
important about this program is it's the
funding is limited. So, the manufacturer
in in the case that we're discussing,
Tesla is matching the funds from the
government. And so for the total pool uh
of of funding, it's not like other
rebates like what we had up here in
Washington where Tesla buyers took
essentially like half of the total
funding. Um in this example, Tesla
buyers, I think, are only going to get
like an amount equal to their
contribution, which is like 114th of the
funding. So it's likely this rebate is
going to run out within the next several
days or or weeks at most. So, if you're
a first-time EV buyer living in
California, I'd recommend trying to buy
um like an inventory vehicle and and
take delivery as soon as possible. Um it
looks like Tesla dumped a bunch of
premium rear wheel drive Model 3s uh on,
you know, to to various locations in
California. So, they start at I think
like 42 43,000. So, this will bring that
price to just under just under 40,000.
But if you want this rebate, apply.
Apply right away. When Washington
launched its um rebate program, I think
it was two years now. It similar thing.
It launched in August and it was funded
for five years and it ran out by
September or not September, October.
[laughter] It lasted two months instead
of the five years because there's just a
huge a huge take for it. So, you want to
if you're a first-time EV buyer, which I
imagine we probably don't have a ton of
uh listeners who are first-time EV
buyers, but maybe you're a Tesla buyer,
but your your parents or your kids or
your,
&gt;&gt; you know, spouse spouse, boyfriend,
girlfriend, friend, uh have them have
them jump on this as soon as possible
because when it's gone, it's not coming
back.
&gt;&gt; Um, however, you you never know what
Tesla might try and do. if there's still
state funding available and Tesla's
allocation runs out, who knows, maybe
Tesla can contribute more funds, more
matching funds. So, we'll we'll see. Um,
but I believe the used EV funds that
will last, you know, beyond Tesla's um
new vehicle funds because the the used
funds are only from the state. So, that
could last um several months, but I I
would be surprised if I'll I'll say set
the overunder for the total funding to
be like, I don't know, January or
something like that. So, I'd uh I'd make
your purchases sooner rather than later.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. I actually thought that this was
not coming to um uh to Tesla owners
because I thought it had something to do
with like where the headquarters was.
But I was so happy when I saw this pop
up. And I think I think we kind of
talked about this like a week or two. We
weren't like it wasn't very clear
whether Tesla was like involved in this.
I mean, Rivian clearly was cuz it was
done at the Riv the announcement was
done at Rivian. Um, but with that said,
I'm so happy. So, again, if you are a,
you know, you know, a loved one, we all
have a loved one that, you know, we've
had obviously all the people that we've
been telling to buy Teslas for years
that all have them now, but there's
still maybe you didn't buy the cars in
your wife's name. Go get one. You know,
just I think there's a lot of things
that you can do if you're looking to get
one. But all I can say, as MDR said, if
you live in California, don't sleep on
this one. Um, you know, cuz again, who
knows? this could be the the end of the
era or really that you know um at least
here in California EVs have become such
a you know part of you know every other
car in a lot of ways uh maybe less so in
the those rural areas. So make sure you
take advantage of this.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. The uh the Rivian and Lucid um
exemption is there's no sales price cap.
So you can buy a $90,000 Rivian truck
and still get this rebate. For other
manufacturers, the cap is, I think, 50K
or possibly slightly higher than that.
So, it's kind of like the anti-cybert
truck bill. You know, this will work on
the Model 3 or Model Y, but if you want
a Cybert truck, not not in California,
boys.
Not in California.
All right. So, let me just make sure.
Okay. So, Supercharger prefab makes easy
for EU. Tesla has begun deploying its
now pre-assembled folding unit
supercharger V4 stations in Europe. Wow,
that is awesome. So now imagine
something that has been approved by the
EU. Like you don't need to worry about
whatever um new location you're going
to. You just need to make sure that that
location can handle this. But it's
pre-assembled and you can just drop it
in to, you know, obviously pro bring
electricity to it and make sure you know
everything's hooked up correctly.
There's a parking lot and you're done.
There's no none of these crazy but that
is just just seeing that like it is on
the right. Again, these guys are about
deleting parts and making things super
easy. So, in a lot of ways, they
literally kind of like I think of like
that the boxable, right? It's just like
something that literally like comes
together and then you just like pull it
out. It's super easy to set up. You just
need to make sure that there's the
foundation. This is the same thing. And
again, not shocked, but this is an
absolute game changer, I think, for cuz
now you've pretty much automated
everything. Um, if you can just get it
approved, that that should save you a
lot of time in in um
it it should save you a lot of time in
getting approvals.
&gt;&gt; Yep. It's a really genius system. They
took all the parts that slow down an
install and move them inside the box. We
don't need to get the crazy engineers
out to every site to have them correctly
put together the transformers and the
chargers in the box and all that. It's
really just if you if the site is
prepped and the power is there, you drop
it in, plug it in and walk away. Uh so
you are going to see an increase in the
pace of deployment and uh that's really
what we need.
&gt;&gt; Definitely
Tesla charging continue to innovate.
&gt;&gt; All right, Joe, tell me about no
batteries.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, Tesla released this uh video. It's
pretty cool. It's a quick little short
video, but uh they're they talk about
like uh recycling of batteries, right?
The refining of batteries and and I
think uh well, I mean, for those that
have been paying attention to like what
what uh the only other person other
company is doing, [laughter]
like it's it's a gold mine. It's
literally you have you make your own
gold mine from from old from old tech
that's outdated, but you can refine it.
And and uh when we did the tour out
there um they were telling us that
it is a better quality once it's refined
than it was before. And that I I don't
think a lot of people kind of realize
that. And so Tesla's goal is to not have
any batteries in their landfills. And
it's pretty cool. And did you tour
Redwood Materials or Tesla?
&gt;&gt; No, Redwood. Yeah, we
&gt;&gt; Okay. But you've also toured Giga
Nevada.
&gt;&gt; Yes.
&gt;&gt; So, you've seen you've seen the whole
process. It's pretty amazing what they
do. They're pretty darn clever at every
level. Uh and yeah, this is way way too
valuable to be chucking in the trash. Uh
just got to figure out how to how to
&gt;&gt; Well, speed it up. Yeah, that's the one
thing that if you think about it, that's
exactly what you said. Uh Brian is what
what um JB Stal um saw and how why he
started Redwood Materials cuz he saw the
amount of waste. He was like, "This
makes no sense. We're throwing all of
this away when, you know, we can recycle
a lot of this." And so when we went out
to Redwood, you could see the the huge
um the the huge um really just like
blanket of land with just like
everything like from Hummer batteries to
iPhone batteries just all in this like
huge like uh field essentially but like
dirt field cuz it's Nevada. Um where you
know they're going to recycle all these
things and it's like they they they they
can't keep up with demand partially
because of their scale. Um, but you
know, I wouldn't be s surprised if I
mean, funny enough, as much as probably
Tesla never thought that they would have
to compete against Redwood, but um,
clearly they're, you know, recycling
and, um, partially just because they
have so many batteries that can be, uh,
recycled, right?
&gt;&gt; I would imagine that this is some type
of partnership. I would think because
with JB on the board and stuff like
that, I would think that they think they
worked a deal. You know what I mean?
Like like, hey, you can you guys can do
this, too. We can't be the only ones.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Yeah. And I guess there would be a
a conflict and he would probably get
kicked off the board if there was
something weird going on.
All right. Well, with that said, not
sure if you guys uh came and checked out
Santana Row, but the future of Tesla
showrooms is essentially at
on display here in Santana Row in San
Jose, California. So, if you don't know,
Santana Row is kind of like our Rodeo
Drive of Beverly Hills, but for the Bay
Area. Um, and what this show showroom
showcases is like a cyber cab and
typically either a Model Y L or Model Y
performance in the back. They've removed
all of the standing desks, you know,
where you would typically sit on a
computer next to like an adviser. They
have advisor standing around with an
iPad. But what's crazy is they have all
of these screens also too around just so
you can select, hey, this is this is my
type of driving. This is my style of
driving. This is what I need of, you
know, are you single? Do you have a
family? You know, all those questions
get asked.
Um, and then they have all these stats
around the whole thing about how AI is
essentially powering the the vehicles,
the stats, uh, the safety ratings, not
the safety ratings, but just the safety
call outs. Um, and again, it's just it's
really just showcasing, you know, full
self-driving. I mean that is again I
think I've I've said this I feel like
last quarter was an inflection point for
the company in turning um a new a new
book for the the the story of going from
a car company to you know an AI company
is that people are now buying the
vehicles
um because of full self-driving 55% take
rate which is crazy and and I would
assume that that number is continue will
only continue to go up you know and then
at some point we'll flatten out Right.
Um, but with that said, go check it out
if you're driving through. It really is
a spectacle and I don't know what the
roll out will look like, but um, it
really is just a a cool concept store.
All right, Joe, tell us about Boring.
&gt;&gt; It's so boring in Nashville right now.
So, uh, the Boring Company has a down
the future music city loop station at
the JW Marriott Hotel in downtown
Nashville. This is the luxury downtown
hotel, but the guests will have direct
underground access to the station to hop
in a Tesla and be connected from
downtown Nashville to the airport and
other locations. It I mean, if
if you're not paying attention to
boring, like that's just crazy. But the
this guy Blake who actually lives in the
area said a lot of people in Nashville
don't realize that the Boring Company is
Nashville's only hope to ease traffic.
So, I I don't live in Asheville, but I
guess the traffic's pretty bad. But I I
live here in California. I can tell you
we could definitely use boring tunnels
out here.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Go MDR.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Nashville has a had a large
increase in population uh over the past,
you know, half decade or so. You know,
during
&gt;&gt; Californians,
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Well, a lot of the Californians
who didn't go to Austin, right, they
went they went to Nashville. It's a
great city. U but yeah, driving around
there can be absolutely crazy. Another
thing, there's often like thunderstorms
in Nashville, so having more places
underground
is a really good really good move.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, you got you all live up in uh in
Washington, but yeah, um both Joe and I,
you know, we've been to Texas. I mean,
as you both have, Texas and na and um
and Vegas this past summer and oh my
gosh, I'm just like every time I hit
this I got off the plane last night 70°
and I was like I'll pay those that the
higher price points to live because like
that's the reality is you really give
up. Sorry, this is totally rant. You
really do give up something when you
leave um you know um some of the West
Coast, right? So, it's just it's, you
know, Vegas was 111 and uh thankfully
there wasn't mosquitoes like Texas if I
went there, but yeah. So, either way, if
you're bored, go check out uh Nashville
uh the Boring Company as far as like
well, I guess I don't you can't check it
out necessarily, but um I know that
they're starting to drill. They're
starting to move a lot forward. Um and
uh they're going to be, you know, really
helping with um just connecting everyone
in Nashville um underground. Uh it's
going to be quite the site. Music City
is getting boring
[laughter]
or bored, I guess, in this case. All
right, so Falcon 9 uh makes moon impact.
Uh looks like you know our team at
IAA uh has recorded the world uh has
recorded in a world first the impact of
an upper stage of the SpaceX Falcon 9
rocket against the moon. Uh we attach
preliminary video in which the evolution
of the ejected material can be
appreciated. The black area corresponds
to the lunar disc. So that's pretty
cool. um the least to say. Um all right,
Joe, tell us about X Money.
&gt;&gt; Was it I thought was that the thing Elon
said was fake.
&gt;&gt; Did he
&gt;&gt; didn't you say there there's some video
that went that he posted about the
impact and then he responded to it
saying it was fake? Maybe he was being
&gt;&gt; No, that was um that was some video of
like mo the moon like super um zoomed
in, right? Wasn't it? Yeah, I'm
&gt;&gt; Yeah, it wasn't I don't think it was
this, but um I do know it was the like
um someone
&gt;&gt; was talking about I think it was when
Artemis was like zoomed in or something
and someone took a really nice camera.
Either way, that was
&gt;&gt; like you didn't get that shot.
[laughter]
&gt;&gt; Uh so yeah, and people are outraged
about this. Oh my gosh, it crashed. By
the way, do you know it's going 5400
miles an hour?
&gt;&gt; Sure. I mean, I don't know if you know
anything about orbital mechanics, but
that sounds like a correct speed for
orbital velocity. The moon's got really
lumpy gravity. Things don't like to stay
in place around it. So, of course, yeah,
it's going to hit the the moon
eventually. Eventually was uh just this
week. So, I mean, it happens. I don't
think it's going to impact real estate
values on the moon. I
&gt;&gt; I don't know, man. Starbucks wanted that
spot.
Yeah, man. Well, at least I can it can
become an observatory now.
&gt;&gt; Good value in crater adjacent.
&gt;&gt; Crater adjacent. [laughter]
&gt;&gt; Exactly.
You know that real estate it's going to
be crazy on the moon.
All right, Joe, you want to hit us with
X Money?
&gt;&gt; Dollar dollar bills. Uh yeah. No, X
Money uh kind of went with a wide
release. Everybody's been getting their
metal cards lately. It's really really
cool card that they designed for that.
And I don't even know how did he even do
that. Like most people got like $15.
They gave away money.
&gt;&gt; 25.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Well, 25. But but uh some people
who didn't have premium memberships got
got uh 15.
&gt;&gt; I think I got 15.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Oh, you are.
&gt;&gt; You need to upgrade then.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Everyone send me a dollar until I
hit 25.
I had strangers sending me 69 cents, 42
cents. Thank you one and all. I mean,
it's fun and cool.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. No, this is uh this is really
cool. I saw a lot of people switching
their banking over to it. I I would
switched a few things and so I'm going
to be looking into because the I mean
the rate is crazy on this. So, it's
really
&gt;&gt; Yeah, it's And I would I would say what
I've seen with a lot of these companies,
obviously 6% is absolutely crazy. Um,
but I would assume that this is like an
introductory rate that they'll adjust
down, but it'll still be at way even if
they go down to 4 and a half, like it's
still really good. But I think that, you
know, the goal is to, hey, we're going
to we're going to give you money
because, you know, the the cost of
acquisition is probably a lot more than
that. We're going to also give you, you
know, a great rate and 3% c 6% interest,
3% cash back on anything. So,
&gt;&gt; well, and I don't know if you know what
PayPal pays, but if you have 20 $30,000
in your PayPal account, which at times
in my business's history I have, uh,
they pay you 0%. So,
&gt;&gt; big big old pair of middle fingers on
that one for you. And if you are
monetized on X, you can get your
subscriptions and everything straight to
your XMoney account as well, which makes
it a lot simpler to have that full
integration there.
&gt;&gt; It also means that it also means that
you're probably not paying a bank fee
because I have a lot of people that I
pay subscriptions to who also pay
subscriptions to me. We're both paying
bank fees. Let's stop doing that.
[snorts]
&gt;&gt; Yeah, specs. Yeah,
&gt;&gt; I will say with, you know, um, Stripe
has made an offer to acquire PayPal. You
know, it's a 50 billionish dollar
business, our market cap business.
&gt;&gt; You know, I wouldn't be shocked if if
Elon has considered a a competing bid.
[clears throat]
&gt;&gt; Um, is that is was that recent?
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Yeah. They the board hasn't
responded um to the offer, but you know,
the the um stock has reacted to it.
Wasn't GameStop trying to buy them, too?
&gt;&gt; GameStop was trying to buy eBay.
&gt;&gt; Okay.
&gt;&gt; For h half cash, half stock. [laughter]
Remember? Half cash. Half stock,
&gt;&gt; even though they're like valued at like
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Where are you getting cash? It's
on the website. [laughter]
&gt;&gt; It's on the website.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, exactly.
&gt;&gt; Maybe we should acquire eBay. We'll do
100% stock.
&gt;&gt; Exactly.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; Give you that 100% cash. Adam, it
doesn't matter.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, it's on the website.
&gt;&gt; Exactly. [laughter]
All right, Joe, tell us about Mega Pac
3.
&gt;&gt; Mega Pac 3, new energy chapter. So, uh,
this this account here, probably never
heard of them. Uh, Silicon Valley posted
that Tesla has officially started mega
factory production. Thanks, Brian.
Appreciate that. The new Brookshshire,
Texas Megaactory
went from groundbreaking to production
in just 16 months and designed to build
50 gigawatt hours of Mega Pac 3 every
year.
Pretty cool to see the team out there
and and uh everything. I mean, when when
uh when any of Elon's companies enter an
area, you you see politicians and things
like that kind of get behind them,
except for Gavin Newsome here because of
the employees. And I mean, there's a lot
of tax incentives that are going into
these things and a lot of people that
are going to get jobs because of it. So,
it's never a bad thing.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. I was telling Joe when we were on
our trip, I was like, it's crazy to
think. So, now Mega is up and running,
right? the lithium refinering is up in
uh um is now in production. Um but it's
just crazy to me that Tesla's now
getting to the point now where I'm going
to start forgetting all of the actual
locations that they have because they're
they're just growing at such a crazy
rate. Right? Obviously, I'm going to
remember where the Tar Fab is, but it's
like it's no longer just the
Gigafactories and Fremont factory. It's
lithium refinery, Mega Pac factory 3,
the Optimus building. You know, again,
it just could go on for days.
Um, and uh, it is just uh, really cool
to see that this company, you know, has
just grown. I mean, this is the teenager
growing up, you know what I mean? Um,
and uh, really really coming a long way.
So, MDR, uh, I'm going to let you take
your own slide.
&gt;&gt; Oh, yeah. I had a I had a rough uh, a
rough month with my Model Y. So, I' I've
got, you know, several Teslas um between
me and my parents and siblings um all in
my account. And uh three of them are,
you know, about 5-year-old Model Y's.
And on one of them, the my kind of
primary daily driver, the the HV battery
had failed and got replaced and and it
caused the the low voltage battery to
need to be replaced, but it took took me
about a week or so to bring it in. While
I was waiting to bring it in, V14 light
downloaded, but wouldn't install. you
know, if your if your low voltage
battery needs to be replaced, you can
install updates. So, once I got it um
once I got the new battery installed
that night, I installed V14 light and
then the next day, my reverse cameras
started just being static. You know, I
put in reverse and just show me static
image. When I move when I go backwards,
the camera would not update. I was like,
"Okay, that's weird." And then 24 hours
later, the um the car computer failed.
And the car computer is what runs um a
lot of things in the car including
autopilot, FSD, cruise control, the
cameras, um various various other
things. So that that part failed.
[clears throat and cough] So essentially
I have no not only no AP and FSD, but
I've got no navigation, no GPS. And I
brought it into Tesla and they said
because it happened 24 hours after the
software um update, it's not related to
the software update. And I thought that
was a little bit odd. You know, the
timing seems quite coincidental.
And then I was on Twitter and I noticed
Chuck Cook had posted a thread and
apparently a bunch of people have had a
pretty similar issue with their the car
computer overheating and and in a lot of
cases failing. So, um I think Tesla's
looking into this. This could be another
another thing similar to the Cybertruck
PCS um failure where Tesla will have to
uh or may decide to recall it. Um I was
planning on trading this car in. I've
got a a Cybert truck on order right now.
I'm just waiting for it and I was going
to trade this car in for it. So my car
is out of warranty. I don't I don't love
the idea of, you know, spending almost
three grand to replace the car computer
on a car I'm about to trade in. So I'm
hoping Tesla will figure out if the
software is causing it. If it is,
hopefully they'll, you know, extend the
warranty or or provide a recall um on
these computers. Obviously, in the Q1
earnings call, Tesla said they're going
to have to replace all these computers
with um the AI4 computer and cameras
anyway. So, it's it's not ideal to
replace a hardware 3 computer when
you're going to get a AI4 computer at
some point in the next who knows year,
two years. We'll see. Um so, yeah, just
something to be aware of. I do have uh
one of one of my other Model Y's has got
the V14 light running and is doing no
pro doing fine. My other one has
downloaded the update, but I'm not
installing it. Um I'm not necessarily
recommending you don't install it on on
your computer, but [laughter]
it wouldn't hurt to maybe wait a couple
weeks and wait for that software update
to just linger until there's some kind
of response from Tesla. So, we'll see.
Yeah, I think the way that I would think
about this potentially based on if you
know if a lot of people are seeing that
that that the first version wasn't
necessarily light. It probably is
actually eating up a lot of like the
compute and all this other stuff. So
there hopefully over time will just draw
a lot of efficiencies with these updates
to get it down so that it's manageable
and that there's not overheating. But
yeah, it's if you're seeing it, just be
aware. Um, you're not alone and
hopefully, you know, Tesla can address
this pretty quickly.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, especially out of warranty. Not
fun.
&gt;&gt; Joe, tell us about Fathom.
&gt;&gt; Oh, the Ford Fathom is going to be
amazing. It's going to be it's going to
change the game for uh for Ford.
&gt;&gt; This is uh so from Jim Farley himself.
There are no guarantees with this
project. He said during an event live
stream, we are doing so many new things.
I can't tell you with 100% certainty
that this will go just right. It's a
bet. There is risk. So,
premium is what I'm hearing is going to
happen here.
&gt;&gt; I love it. First of all, when I saw the
truck, I thought, "Yep, that'll sell."
And then they said the price, I go,
"They're going to sell four of them at
that price." And then, of course, boost
it up because there's because you're
you're not going to make money at it.
And then yesterday I heard them say,
"We're going to become profitable on new
EV models within a year and have the
kinds of margins, the kinds of quality,
the kinds of volumes that we see from
all of our competitors, including
Tesla." And I thought, "Chip Farley,
you've been taking comedy lessons from
your late cousin Chris. That's
hilarious. None of that's going to
happen." And if I were to believe even a
third of Ford's EV promises over the
past 10 years, um it would all be over
for not just Tesla, but for everyone
else. I I show me show me the money,
baby. I need to see this happen. I'm not
taking your word for nothing no more. Uh
this is ridiculous.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. No, the the big three is great at
making promises and then like in a
couple of years you'll be like you'll
hear that, oh no, we can't. It's like,
oh,
&gt;&gt; product uh press releases are so much
cheaper to make than cars.
&gt;&gt; Um, did they give a release date, too?
Let me just see this real quick. Was
there a release date on when they were
&gt;&gt; I think they were already taking orders
on the
&gt;&gt; Yeah, I think it's like it's like 2028,
I think, or something. Late 2027.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, by that point, I mean, this car is
going to come out. Like I was actually I
was talking to Joe uh as we were you
know um doing our thing the past couple
days. I I was telling him I was like you
know what's really interesting uh could
be a really interesting bullet is the R2
is out. It's from what I've heard it's a
great car. People people really like it.
Um, the one thing I was going to tell
what I was telling Joe, I was like, you
know, the thing is is like obviously
this is the I think what would be the
make or break for Rivian, but I was
telling him Rivian this could be too
late even now in 2026 because you know
you're going to get a Subaru Adventure
community who's going to go and buy
these these cars, which is fine, but it
still doesn't drive you anywhere. you're
pretty much b and and I think people the
maj the vast majority of people
obviously are still willing to do that
but with Tesla being at that inflection
point and you know more and more people
potentially going to them because of FSD
from an EV perspective you know with the
Y out and some of this other stuff they
may not go and buy a you know a car that
they're going to have to drive
themselves because then this becomes a
weekend car um again that's just my
thought, you know, could be something to
to watch out But the R2 could be, you
know, almost 2 years too late um in some
ways. But, you know, we'll see over
time. The results will speak for
themselves.
&gt;&gt; Yep.
&gt;&gt; All right, Joe, tell us about the beat.
&gt;&gt; The upbeat.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. No, this is our rapid news segment
where we get the we get the news and
everybody gets a gets a try at
something.
These are some pretty interesting
topics. down. So, it's going to be
pretty cool.
&gt;&gt; All right, MDR, let's go to you, man. C
Spider-Man.
&gt;&gt; Apparently,
all or most or many of the new BMWs,
when you open the open the car, it ran
an ad for Spider-Man. Um, I I didn't see
this myself, but it seems like a very
poor move from BMW. Basically, forcing
forcing your clients who already pay you
a lot of money to watch some ad that
will slow them down. You know, I don't
know if you've used the the user
experience in a new BMW, but it's
already rough, [laughter] you know, just
to like enter in a navigation location
or something like that. So, I think this
is pretty pretty disrespectful uh to
your customers if you're in a hurry and
you have to click a a screen or if it
just distracts you for even just a few
seconds can be very annoying as you're
about to start a drive. I think BMW was
the company that invented doing
subscription for like heated steering
wheels or heated seats or some something
crazy like that a couple years ago. Um,
a lot of auto manufacturers now charge
subscriptions just use the mobile app.
So, if you want like remote start that's
in the mobile app, you have to pay, you
know, after your first year or your
warranty period, you have to pay an
annual fee or a monthly fee. So, yeah, I
just think it's disrespectful for
clients. Um, it reminds me of if you
take a taxi in New York, soon as you sit
in the back of the seat, you're just
blasted with ads and it's like I don't
I'm looking at my phone. I don't want to
listen listen to these ads. Um, you
know, it's it's crazy. I don't know how
much money they made by showing this ad,
but whatever it is, I doubt it's worth
the annoying your customer base.
&gt;&gt; Exactly.
&gt;&gt; I don't know, man. Spider-Man is almost
approaching two billion dollars right
now.
&gt;&gt; [laughter]
&gt;&gt; Is that their that that's their market
cap? That's it.
&gt;&gt; No, no, no. The the movie the movie is
uh
&gt;&gt; Oh, okay. Okay. Breaking records, right?
Yeah.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Yeah. Well, it was a freaking
great movie without giving any spoilers.
You should go see it. Um but yeah, that
that's a big concern in my in my book.
Like, you know, um I didn't buy a
private product to then go and turn on
an ad. Uh, the one thing is like
[clears throat] it it would be different
if you had like a cool add-on to make
the vehicle cool and give it a certain
vibe like what Tesla did with that one
movie.
&gt;&gt; Um, yeah, Tron, like at least I decide
to turn that on. But to open up the car
and then literally do that. But if you
saw the movie, you did definitely saw
all of the BMW ads. It was literally
blanketed throughout the whole video.
Um, whether it was the car usage or
actually a billboard. [laughter]
&gt;&gt; Yeah. So, um, with that said, um, yeah,
wild times. All right, Brian. People
like FSD.
&gt;&gt; It's crazy, right? There was this big
trend where it was cool and popular to
hate on Tesla. And a while back, someone
made a video saying, "Hang on, FSD is
actually amazing. I just did XYZ. I went
to wherever. I did whatever. I haven't
touched the wheel." And that vir video
went viral. So, you know what happens
when someone makes a viral video?
Everyone has to make one. Now everybody
is going out and doing the test drives
and then some of them are actually
buying them. Uh some of them are saying
I'm going to show this to my parents.
This is what they need. There is a viral
trend saying FSD works. And uh it's kind
of nice to see the pendulum swing in the
other direction. I don't imagine this
trend will last forever, but as long as
it does, it's if it con every person it
convinces makes the road a safer place.
And it's like, well, I don't care what
other people do. You should because
you're on the road with them. And if any
of these influencers are an example,
they're terrible drivers, very
distracted. Uh, so it's a great trend to
see.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, it's um, like I [clears throat]
said, I think um, the biggest sleeper I
think that I' I've said for a while now
is that Tesla needs to get onto Tik Tok.
they finally got onto Facebook, but in I
think it was a horrible move for them to
get off of it years back. I mean, they
had millions of followers. Now they only
have 70,000 on Facebook. Um, Tik Tok uh
has a huge FSD Tesla scene. Uh Joe and I
have been on it for years and you know
it really like it's common. Obviously,
you know, our 40 page are probably
directed at us. But with that said, um
you know, just seeing all of this is
great. And a lot of times you'll see
people actually take the full videos and
then they'll post it on X just because
the the scene there for FSD is huge. Um,
so I think it would be really simple and
not a heavy lift for Tesla to get on
there.
&gt;&gt; This is digital digital butts and seats.
You know, a decade ago all we talked
about was getting butts and seats. Once
you test drove a a Model S, you were
probably going to order one or or
pre-order a Model 3. Um, but the bottom
line is you really wanted that car. uh
Tesla needs to expand uh visibility. No
one you see these people using FSD
product we've known about for years and
the users are blown away. You have
online car YouTubers saying you know
Tesla's automated driving is just like
everybody else's. You know so many
people have said that um because they've
never actually done a done a drive in
it. You know, we saw Whistland Diesel um
he his last Cybertruck video where he
destroys the Cybertruck and he's pretty
negative on the car versus the F-150.
There's a scene where he has a loner
Cybert truck and he's using FSD and he
was just blown away uh by the product.
So, you know, Tesla needs more
visibility. Tesla should advertise. I've
been saying it for years. I know a lot
of um you know, people in our community
don't think Tesla should advertise. Um
people say, "Oh, they're they're already
selling all all the cars they can
build." Well, if you if you guys
remember the pandemic, Tesla cannot
increase the number of cars that they
could build. But demand increased. If
supply stays the same and demand
increases, only one thing happens to
price, and that's it skyrockets. You
know, I bought a I bought a Model Y for
like $70,000, you know, during the
pandemic, a car that had an MSRP of 50
or 55K the year before. Um, so if you
increase demand, you're going to
increase margins. If margins increase,
it's good for the shareholders. It's
good for the long term of the company.
It allows Tesla to expand larger. You
know, it was only four years ago where
Tesla was planning on not only building
a new gigafactory in in Mexico, but they
were planning on building two
gigafactories at the same time to build
vehicles. So, increasing demand is a
good thing, and I really think Tesla
should actually make some investment in
it.
Yesterday I drove a Cadillac with Super
Cruise and I decided to let it auto
park. There's a video coming up in a few
days about this parallel parking. Nice
big spot. Got halfway through it was
clear it was going to both curb the rim
and hit the car in front of us and it
just stopped. It didn't cancel. It just
stopped and we sat and we waited. This
is a mature product, Super Cruise. And
it's just like FSD, my friends. The
ocean between where Tesla is and where
Super Cruise is cannot be traversed. It
is too large. You will die of
starvation.
&gt;&gt; No, they're right there, man. They're
right there. So close.
[laughter]
&gt;&gt; So close. All right,
Matthew. Lucid vehicle delayed.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. So, Lucid had planned their their
$50,000
Model Y or R2 competitor, the Cosmos. It
was supposed to be coming out shortly.
um they've pushed it back to late 2027.
The CEO gave the reason they didn't want
to make the same um you know build
quality and software mistakes that they
made with the the Air and the Gravity.
So yeah, it doesn't it doesn't benefit
the company to release a car that's not
ready um too early. They're still having
a lot of trouble with with the two
vehicles they already have on sale. The
vehicles they have on sale that are
twice the price. They're already losing,
I think, something like a 100% margin or
something on those cars they're selling.
So, selling a car for half the price,
they're probably going to be losing an
even larger percentage
on it. So, it's it's a smart move. Um, I
think more EVs is is great. I think it's
good that Ford is making the Fathom. I
think it's good that Rivian and Lucid
are making an affordable vehicle. I will
say anytime I have friends or people I
know who are buying a non-Tesla and they
ask me about it, I say, "Hey, if you
want that car, lease the car. Do not buy
the car. Just lease it." You know, there
is no guarantee Lucid is going to be in
business in three years or is going to
support a vehicle they've already sold.
Um, they're still having a ton of
software issues. My my next door
neighbor has a Model 3 that got hit in a
parking lot. It's likely totaled. So his
insurance company, you know, provided a
rental car and he he got an EV and the
only EV the rental car company had was a
Lucid Air. So he drove the car home. He
showed showed it to me. Beautiful car,
very comfortable. And then the next day
the car died in his driveway. And so
they had the Enterprise or Herz, you
know, roadside people come out and the
the 12volt battery had died with the key
inside the car. And so they couldn't get
into the car. They couldn't get it into
tow mode. And we we live on a very steep
driveway. And they had to tow the
vehicle, not in tow mode. So the the
tires were not turning. Had to tow tow
the vehicle um you know up the hill to
put on a flatbed truck. And as soon as
they got onto the truck, the car just
woke itself up and drove like nothing
had happened. And
&gt;&gt; wow.
&gt;&gt; Uh yeah, I just recommend if you're
buying a Lucid or a nonTesla EV, lease
the car. There's no guarantee. Even if
it's like a Kia or a Hyundai, there's
the even if the manufacturer is going to
be around forever, it doesn't mean
they're going to support those vehicles
forever. So, lease them if you want
them.
&gt;&gt; Kudos to Lucid with that uh that new age
regen that uh
&gt;&gt; Mode
&gt;&gt; Awesome Mode. [laughter]
&gt;&gt; That's a good one.
&gt;&gt; All right, Joe, I don't know if I hit
you yet. Uh Move makes major moves.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Yeah, it does. company move. Move
is uh they raised $250 million to become
the backbone of the robo taxi industry
by the way. So if if for whatever reason
you think Tesla has not got this FSD
thing nailed, throw money at somebody
else. This is the company you want to
throw money at.
It's pretty cool. I I like seeing like
other like like what like what Matthew
was saying. It's good to see other
companies in space because Tesla can't
do it all by themselves and you need
more adoption on on these things. So,
however other companies get into it,
that's that's great. I mean, we took a
Zuks this weekend and it was it was
pretty pretty cool.
&gt;&gt; Zuks is awesome.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. If you look at the playbook of
Uber, how did Uber expand their Uber X
into new markets? You know, when Uber
started, it was only Uber Black. It was
a limousine service. There's very little
regulations. When they launched Uber X,
what they did is they waited for Lyft to
go into a market. Lyft would be
typically breaking local taxi or cab
rules. So they waited for Lyft to go in.
Once Lyft was in that market for at
least 30 days, Uber would send a letter
to the local city council saying, "We
see you're allowing Lyft to operate, we
assume it is therefore legal, so we are
going to open up in that market in 30
days unless you tell us why it's illegal
and shut down Lyft." And so Uber would
just follow that model and it made it so
they had a lot less legal challenges, a
lot less um you know city restrictions.
Tesla's doing the same thing. Tesla's
launching robo taxi in Whimo markets.
Whimo can you know go and and get the
city council on board and take the heat
from um you know the local companies and
then expand there. So, it it is great
for all autonomous ride share companies
to have more of these more of these
companies on the market.
&gt;&gt; Dastardly is what that is because if uh
if they say no, you just forced Lyft out
of a market they paid to develop and if
they if they say yes or nothing, you
just slot in behind them. Uh yeah,
that's uh that's dirty but uh but it
works.
&gt;&gt; Dirty
&gt;&gt; dirty business works. Joe, close us out.
Man,
&gt;&gt; just to let you guys know, if you
haven't heard, there's a there's a big
event coming in in a few months. It's
called the XT Takeover.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; Um, and there is literally 29 tickets
left.
&gt;&gt; Oh,
yeah. And
&gt;&gt; we got a keynote speaker,
&gt;&gt; May Musk. But go ahead, John.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, there will not be um any more
tickets released once it's done. So,
like it's uh we have we are officially
going to be tapped out. So, you know,
sold out 1,500 tickets in 8 days. We've
opened an additional I think it was like
250 to 300. Uh but once these are done,
they're gone. Solo sayanara. Um
&gt;&gt; the resale market on those tickets is
going to be crazy.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, [laughter] I know.
&gt;&gt; Scalping tickets.
&gt;&gt; I know, man.
It's like, can you imagine I start my
own X takeover scalp? [laughter]
All right. But with that said, uh, go to
xtakeover.com
and of course the quick shout out to
site viewai being our presenting
sponsor. And again, please make sure to
patronize our wonderful co-hosts. Shout
out to Joe for creating the deck each
and every single week and uh, both Brian
and Matthew for providing their amazing
expertise. Uh, and with that said, we
will catch you guys on the 14th. Have a
great week everyone and stay safe out
there. Peace.