Channel:     electrified
Title:       We Missed Crucial Cybercab Details ⚡️
URL:         https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VvQSjeuhF24
Published:   2026-04-30 23:29 UTC
Fetched:     2026-05-01 00:00 UTC

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Welcome to Electrified. It's your host,
Dylan Lumis. A quick shout out to my
newest patrons, Morgan and Tamir H.
Thank you for choosing to support the
channel. I'm sure by now most of you
have seen the news, but the first Tesla
Semi has officially come off the high
volume production line at the Tesla
Semifactory in Nevada. And sadly for us,
only Tesla can send two vehicles into
official production where we as the
customer still don't know the pricing
details. But as Elon just told us on the
Q1 call, we should expect initial
production of the Cyber Cab and the Semi
to be very slow, but then ramp up and go
exponential towards the end of this year
and certainly next year. And given that
slow production rate in the early days,
many of these vehicles off these new
lines will still be going to customers
for pilot programs and testing in a
sense. But the thing with pricing, this
is clearly a businessto business model
for Tesla. So they don't need to have
public facing pricing for people like
us, at least not anytime soon. And the
only real data we've seen out there was
from Electric. But they did actually get
a customer quote that showed the long
range Tesla Semi was priced at $290,000
before destination fees and taxes, which
does align with what we've seen from the
HV program that we've covered in the
past that the Tesla Semi standard range
would be around $260,000.
That one's about $325 mi of range and
roughly 300,000 for the long range at
500 m. And just some context, carb data
shows the average cost of a zero
emission class 8 truck was $435,000
in 2024. And we can't forget the many
fleet buyers in California may get
incentives well north of $100,000 per
Tesla semi-purchase through that HVIP
program. And no, that's not nationwide,
but of course to start, California will
be a hot spot. And yes, there are some
other incentives across the country, but
most of them are well below that six
figure mark. And we know eventually the
goal is 50,000 Tesla Semis per year from
this new factory. But for the remainder
of this year, if they can do anything
over a,000, personally for me, I'd be
impressed with that number. So despite
what Elon said, I'm not expecting
anything exponential from the Tesla Semi
line until well into 2027. And I have to
say, I cannot believe it has been 9
years since the Tesla Semi was unveiled.
And just for fun, let's revisit what was
said at the time.
&gt;&gt; And production begins
2019. So if you order now, get the part
the truck in 2 years.
All right. So,
&gt;&gt; so a bit aspirational per the usual, but
you know what they say, better late than
never. But in all seriousness, I really
believe one of the most slept on things
at Tesla will be autonomous semis. Now,
I do think it'll be a few years at least
before this becomes ubiquitous in any
sense. But a fun fact from trucking.org
in 2024, this is just the US alone. The
nation's trucking freight bill was
estimated at $96 billion in gross
freight revenue. And that's primary
shipments only. So given annual
fluctuations, we can call that a
trillionoll market. And this specific
market is what business folk would call
a blue ocean, meaning there's very
little competition and it is ripe for
the taking. And as we all know, Bill
Gates and many others over the years
said that Tesla would never get to this
point. And well, they've actually done
it. So it really is a huge milestone.
And Hinrich Zayn, who follows this story
closer than just about anybody else,
just had this to say.
&gt;&gt; Could in fact be for 4680 battery
production. I think they can go on they
can start the the uh Tesla
semi-production line by bringing in
4680s,
but um I think there's a decent chance
that this is for battery production,
battery cell, and then pack production.
and he did give some other evidence in
the video, but point being, let's watch
out for 4680 production from the new
Tesla semifactory. And that would be the
third site in addition to Fremont and
Giga, Texas, which of course would help
to streamline production, not having to
bring those cells in from Fremont or
Austin. And part of the reason I enjoy
covering the news like this is because
you'll remember things like this 2023
4680 battery production to expand at
Giga Nevada. And this was not going to
be some pilot line, but it was for 100
gatt hours annually of 4680 battery
cells. So after that, Tesla did shift
its focus on 4680s to Austin and
continuing the pilot line in Fremont.
But now with the semi ready to ramp, it
may finally be time for 4680s in Nevada,
specifically at the Tesla Semifactory.
And Tesla has filed for the trademark
the Tesla base charger. But all we get
it's a battery charger for electric
semi-truck vehicles. and charging
station services for electric semis and
charging and recharging batteries and
accumulators for electric semiis. And in
this context, I believe accumulators is
just coverage in the trademark for the
rechargeable battery of the Tesla semi.
And this was just filed at the beginning
of April. So, it's likely something for
fleets and depots to have at their home
base. All right, guys. So, we just got
the most recent report from the ITRC.
From just their Q1 data this year, there
were 780 compromises in the first 3
months of the year, leading to nearly
140 million victim notices. And identity
theft cases are just part of why I'm
such a vocal supporter of Delete Me, the
sponsor of this video. Trying out these
sponsors is hands down the best way to
support the channel. But when it comes
to delete me, once your information is
out there, these scammers run right to
these people's search sites to fill in
the rest of the picture. And that's
where Delete Me comes in. They remove
your personal information from these
people's search sites, and they do so
every quarter because new sites
continually pop up. I actually just got
my 16th report from Delete Me yesterday,
and I wanted to share the numbers
because they do speak for themselves.
Last quarter alone, Delete Me reviewed
1,859
listings on my behalf, found my
information on six different people
search sites, and they have removals in
progress at all of them right now. And
one site alone was exposing my name, my
age, pastes, my occupation, social media
accounts, pictures, all of it. And
across just the work they did this
quarter, delete me saved me roughly 160
hours that I would have spent calling
these sites one by one. And can we all
just agree none of us are going to do
that work on our own. Delete Me is an
American company. This is all that they
do. They have excellent trust pilot
reviews that cannot be gamed. So, if
you'd like to support Electrified and
more importantly protect your family,
you can head to joindeme.com/electrified
to get 20% off using my code electrified
linked below or by using the QR code on
the screen. Something about this video
of the Cybercs being shared the other
day led to plenty of speculation about
the wheels and the cyber cab body and
what's going on. And I saw a lot of
misinformation out there. So, I just
want to clear the air. To start, I saw
plenty of people arguing that because
the rear wheels are bigger, specifically
21 in, and the front are 18, that that
means it has to be a rearwheel drive
vehicle. But that's not true. The Cyber
Cab is a frontwheel drive vehicle. Brian
from Futurazza, whose channel is
criminally underrated in my opinion,
just had Joe Tetmire on the channel.
&gt;&gt; And some people are asking, is it rear
wheel drive? Is it front-wheel drive, is
it all-wheel drive, is it what? And uh I
know that you have talked about this a
lot. You talked to some of the engineers
that uh worked on this program maybe not
even a year ago, but I mean a long time
ago. Um but it is definitively a
front-wheel drive vehicle. And that's
part of the body and the um unbox
process is that the front part of the
car, that subasssembly has everything in
it. It has the drive unit, it has the
the cooling system, the everything. So
when it's bolted to the rest of the car,
it's already done. So, you don't have to
have wires going to the back. You don't
have to have drive lines. You don't have
to have brake lines or anything. It's
all right there in the front.
&gt;&gt; And the bigger rear wheels are aluminum
alloy, whereas the smaller front wheels
are made of steel. The aluminum alloy
will make those wheels lighter. And Lars
on Monroe Live said the primary reason
for that design choice was better
rolling resistance. And the steel wheels
in the front are going to be lower cost,
but they'll be more durable for things
like potholes. But depending on how you
prompt, even something like Grock, it
might tell you that the Cyber Cab is
rearwheel drive. But again, that is not
true. And as Joe said, almost
everything, the motor, the HVAC, the
cooling, the compute, the electronics,
and all of that weight is packaged in
that module on the front. So, the front
of the Cyber Cab carries a lot of that
weight. And this means those steelbased
smaller front tires will need to be
replaced at a higher rate than the
bigger rear aluminum alloys. The latter
again being more expensive. But this is
what I meant. This is the first time
Tesla will ever build a front-wheel
drive vehicle. Primarily they have only
done either all-wheel or rear. And given
this weight and wheel profile of the
Cyber Cab, it should actually be
superior in the snow. at least when it
comes to options that fall short of
something that's all-wheel drive. So,
think about regenerative braking. That's
going to go through the front wheels.
So, all of that weight being over that
part of the vehicle means that
deceleration force is a bit sturdier and
the rear wheels spinning out or
fishtailing like a rearwheel drive setup
might would be less likely to happen.
But frankly, I think we have a ways to
go before we need to worry about cyber
cab performance in the snow. Of course,
early on, Tesla could always run Model
Y's in snowy climates if they want. And
I think that's a great segue for what
Joe Justice recently said about the
Cyber Cab. So, you'd expect, the best
part is no part, that the cooling system
would be way thinner, way smaller on the
Cyber Cab, but it's not. It's way
bigger. And that's not just washer fluid
is my working theory is that's doing
multi-duty like Tesla is always
experimenting with. It's also
circulating through parts of the battery
pack and parts of the the electronics.
So why it's a data center when this car
is not being called uh for taxi duty or
even when it is but it's not using 100%
or or 80% of its available processor
bandwidth, it's very likely going to be
doing as much useful compute as
possible. And when you think of data
center architecture, it's exactly this.
A data center is like a race car full of
silicon wafers instead of batteries and
electric motors. So you'd expect when
the opposite of racing is happening, the
cyber cab, you would have the least
cooling. The fact that there's this
enormous bottle here makes us think very
likely it's being engineered as a data
center on wheels from even these
prototypes. Well, it's quite different.
Um, there's a a front subframe in
traditional manufacturing. And here the
front what what would be thought of as a
front subframe has much more of the car
in it. Part on the bottom is a lot
bigger um and much wider and much longer
than it has been in the past. And this
giga casting is different in that it
than previously um in that it's much
more open. It's like a topper with a
hollow bottom, which has been the goal
for a long time. Um, a toy car is very
often made so it can be um flower potted
together or or clamshelled together. And
um like a like a remote control car,
very often the cool exterior that still
looks like a cool race car is many times
a single piece of Lexan or or various
plastic that sits on top. This is a lot
closer to that than any car has ever
been before. The front sub assembly is
usually much much smaller um so that the
frame so that it could be lifted into
the frame um but the the frame isn't
nearly as open. this uh casting is
becoming much more the shape of the top
of a remote control car or a diecast toy
car. And as a result, that subasssembly
is much bigger. They're they're nearly
the same size in that picture where um
as the front subasssembly, the front
subframe before um was maybe half that
size, which is part of why it's
difficult to have um so many components
in the same place. um because the the
size of that module of that collection
of modules can't be so big. Then there's
a duct visible on the front and the back
of this video and that duct is in a
different place and a different shape
than I remember seeing it. That duct
looks bigger than on my plaid. Um, and I
might be wrong and this is a video and I
could be being tricked or I could be
making a mistake, but that duck looks
larger than on my thousand horsepower
Plaid. So again, that's um a reason for
me to guess that this is data center
architecture um applied to mobile um for
the first time. So, the cooling
infrastructure on the Cyber Cab is
serious, more so than the Model 3 and
possibly certain components, even more
so than a Plaid. And we know Tesla is
serious about digital Optimus and
distributed compute. But I would add
that of course these Cyber Cabs are
going to be used heavily, so the daily
mileage and the charging will likely on
average be much more than a passenger
vehicle, which would require the cooling
infrastructure to be more robust. So,
we'll see. But one thing I know for
sure, I personally have never been more
excited to see the crashworthiness of
any vehicle. Ordinarily in Tesla
vehicles with a frunk, they have that
crumple zone, but with the Cyber Cab,
that's not really the case. So, very
curious to see what sort of engineering
magic Tesla came up with on this one.
And then just practically, I think with
all of that hardware on the front of the
Cyber Cab, there's just not enough room
for 21-in wheels on the front as well.
But Tesla does have it on the back and
that's where they can make up for some
of that better rolling resistance with
the bigger wheels in the back. But
engineering aside, we know Tesla has
said the Cyber Cab will be in the
neighborhood of 5.5 m per kilowatt hour
in terms of efficiency. Lars has said
before that the battery pack they're
aiming to have it under 50 kwatt hours.
And Lars also said they're aiming for
about 300 mi of range. And to hit that,
given those specs, of course, they would
have to be closer to 6 m per kilowatt
hour. And the other thing I think many
of us are taking for granted here is
that injection molding process where the
color is actually infused when the mold
is created. So Tesla's injecting this
polyurethane paint to actually make
these plastic panels. And as Joe Teter
said with Brian, they now have it down
where every single panel is perfectly
color matched. And believe it or not,
with traditional paint shops, that's
usually not the case. But now with the
Cyber Cab, Tesla will be able to mix and
match all of these panels. But facts
about a paint shop, it can cost between
$200 million and a billion dollar to
build. Ordinarily, it can take up around
50% of the factory footprint. and on
average based on what I've read, it can
consume around 60% of the energy of the
factory and also generates around 60% of
the plant's CO2 emissions. And a few
months back, Ryan McAffrey from Ride the
Lightning was chatting with Lars and he
said that not having a paint shop would
save Tesla about $500 million and Lars
did not push back. And of course, the
traditional paint shop method is one of
the most time-consuming aspects of the
entire line. So those are some
ridiculous statistics and Tesla has
effectively eliminated all of that, not
only for the Cyber Cab, but for the
Cybert truck. But given current volumes,
it's definitely more impactful for the
Cyber Cab going into the future. But I'm
sharing all of this because while many
of us would have enjoyed seeing Tesla
scale a bit faster here, we have to
remember that Tesla has a vehicle in
production that likely costs somewhere
in the neighborhood of 20 to $25,000.
That, oh, by the way, just happens to
drive itself. So, we might have to wait
another year or so to hit serious scale.
But please, someone explain to me how
anybody is going to come close to
competing with that. And as you'll see
later in this video, Whimo from a profit
perspective is actually going the wrong
direction. And I've seen people saying
that they don't like the new glossy gold
color, but remember Lars has said that
technically they could inject any color
into this molding process. So I don't
think there's any short-term plans for
different color cyber cabs direct from
Tesla, but down the line it's a
possibility. And getting all of these
panels to have that color match was not
an easy process. Joe said Tesla put a
lot of work into that. So that's not
only great for the unboxed method, but
also from a repair standpoint. The
modular assembly with those color
matched panels, meaning replacing a
damaged panel should be significantly
easier. So I could ramble about the
Cyber Cab for a long time. I think there
are just so many interesting engineering
choices Tesla made, but I really wanted
to clear up some of that misinformation
out there about the drive unit. So, one
more time, the Cyber Cab is a frontwheel
drive vehicle. In the next week or two,
I'm going to share a little project I've
been working on when it comes to
tracking Tesla's autonomous progress.
But until then, I will continue to
reference the robo taxi tracker, which
now has 20 unsupervised vehicles in
Austin and three each in Dallas and
Houston, bringing us to 26 total. It is
somewhat comical for me right now to
watch how some people are framing this
little expansion we're getting, saying
things like, "We're going vertical and
exponential and unsupervised growth is
now up 100% in the past few weeks." And
listen, I don't want to take the wind
out of anybody's sales. I just think we
all need to slow down a bit, zoom out,
and understand that almost a year from
the launch of the robo taxi service,
we're still sitting at 26 unsupervised
vehicles. But, as I've been saying, this
data is likely not accurate. The rides
that get logged in this tracker versus
the rides that are actually happening is
likely somewhere in the neighborhood of
a few%. But a silver lining there is
that there might actually be more
unsupervised vehicles in the fleet that
are active. It's just those vehicles are
not getting reported. But having said
that, I think at a small scale like
we're at now, it should at least get us
in the neighborhood. But Hustle Town,
Texas today just shared a video of six
new badged Tesla robo taxis at Tesla
Houston in Hempstead. So, I think it's
safe to say that over the next week or
two, we should expect Tesla to get
somewhere in the neighborhood of 10
unsupervised vehicles active in Dallas
and Houston. And this is what I mean
with the framing. There's people saying,
"See, Tesla's unsupervised growth is up
40% in just the last few days." And yes,
Tesla added six new unsupervised
vehicles according to this data in the
last few days. Not 60 vehicles, six. And
I just need you to understand the reason
I'm pouring so much cold water on this
right now is because there are plenty of
people saying things like, "See, Tesla
cracked the code. Now we're set for
hundreds of unsupervised vehicles now."
And I would love that as much, if not
more than the next guy. But right now,
Tesla has about 60 days left to launch
in those five new cities that they laid
out in the slide deck. So, it won't play
out like this. But that would be one new
city launch every 12 days from now until
the end of June. I just think at least
for the next few months, it'd be wise to
expect a more gradual roll out like
we're seeing right now and not some sort
of immediate exponential scale where
we're seeing hundreds of unsupervised
vehicles like some people are setting
the expectations for. and one point on
the Cyber Cab being deployed. Remember,
it took Tesla some time to get FSD
calibrated on the Cybert truck because
the camera placements are different. So,
I don't know how many realworld miles
Tesla will need for the Cyber Cab, but I
think that's a big reason why we might
need to be patient before they deploy
that vehicle onto the robo taxi network.
But that's why it's great to see even
these test cyber cabs being sent across
the country because they're all doing
the work of validating that software.
China has just suspended issuing new
licenses for autonomous vehicles. This
after dozens of BYU's Apollo go robo
taxis suddenly stopped in Wuhan last
month. After that, regulators called for
local governments to conduct a full
self-re and enhance safety monitoring to
prevent similar incidents. The
suspension of new licenses prevent
self-driving companies from adding new
robo taxis to their fleets, starting a
new test project, or expanding to a new
city. It's not clear how long the
suspension will last. This marks at
least the second time that regulators
have paused new permits due to a BYU
related incident. This time around, more
than 100 Apollo Go robo taxis stalled on
city streets at the end of March. Local
police said the outage was likely caused
by a systems fault, but BU has yet to
comment. Context: Apollo go is the
largest robo taxi provider in China with
hundreds of vehicles in more than a
dozen cities. For now though, this won't
impact Tesla because the licenses
specifically pertain to level four
autonomous driving vehicles and
technically Tesla's level two. So this
only blocks new permits and licenses for
level four vehicles. It does not suspend
current operations except of course for
BYU which has to pause its operations
for the incident. So again, really no
impact on Tesla right now, but I'm
pointing it out because people like Gary
Black will still oftent times point to
companies like BYU to say, "See, all of
these other companies can also offer
autonomy just like Tesla." And while
some of these companies might be off to
a faster start depending on what metrics
you're looking at, it's not how you
start, it's how you finish. When it
comes to autonomy in China, right now
Xpang is making an influencer push with
its new VA 2.0 0 that's said to be
comparable to FSD largely because
they're taking a very similar approach
to the problem. Some people say it's
vision only, but the truth is they still
use radar, so they do have some sensor
fusion to work with. And of course,
overall these rides from people like
Kyle and Kim Java have been fairly
impressive, but Kyle has also said
things like this.
&gt;&gt; And it's got a really good driver
assistance system. really good
&gt;&gt; compared with the FSD with So,
&gt;&gt; uh FSD is better.
&gt;&gt; It's better.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; Especially the US version. So, I just
drove FSD uh here before. I didn't have
to touch the wheel
&gt;&gt; function version, right?
&gt;&gt; Yeah. It worked fine.
&gt;&gt; Okay.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; Uh and I didn't have to touch the wheel
at all. It was just ice.
&gt;&gt; Okay.
&gt;&gt; And I think Kyle's about as unbiased as
they come. But Xpang CEO just said that
its VLA system already outperforms
Tesla's FSD in complex Chinese driving
scenarios and stake the public wager on
closing the remaining gap entirely by
August 30th this year. And that
shouldn't be surprising as Tesla is
still working to gather more of the
local Chinese ruled rule data. I'm
sharing because this bet is more wild
than the MKBHD one. The CEO said if the
VA 2.0 system achieves within China the
same road experience of Tesla's 14.2
that it delivers in Silicon Valley. By
the end of August, he will build a
Chinese-style canteen in Silicon Valley,
modeled after the cafeteria at the Xpang
headquarters. If VA falls short, Xpang's
head of intelligent driving will run
naked across the Golden Gate Bridge. He
invited Elon to come test the result
personally, so perhaps the marketing
department deserves a raise. So, that
bet is real. But on a more serious note,
this VA 2.0 is expecting to make a
global roll out in 2027 and VW has been
designated as the inaugural launch
partner and that partnership will start
in the Chinese market. But the Xpang CEO
himself said, "We believe full autonomy,
meaning unsupervised, will arrive within
the next 1 to 3 years." And this is
available on some customer vehicles now,
but it was just shipped in March, so we
have limited data so far. But the
takeaway, there are some legitimate
outlets saying that BLA 2.0 does
outperform FSD in specific Chinese
situations. But as I said, I think
that's to be expected until Tesla
gathers more local data. And it's true
Xpang is taking a very similar approach
from a hardware and software
perspective. Vertically integrating,
moving away from Nvidia from a hardware
standpoint, going end to end, photons
in, controls out. But as I said, they
are still using radar. But as I always
say, success leaves clues and I think
more companies should just be copying
Tesla and trying to follow as fast as
possible. And Xpang is doing exactly
that. So something to watch. And I said
we would come back to Whimo. Here we go.
Alphabet just released its Q1 data. We
go to the other bets category where
Whimo is included. And revenue for Q1,
$411 million, down from $450 million in
Q1 2025. And jumping down to operating
results, Q1 of this year, the other bets
category lost $2.1 billion, which was
more than Q1 last year of a $1.2 billion
loss. So naturally, right now, plenty of
people are saying, see, Whimo is never
going to be profitable. It's going in
the wrong direction. But here's the
thing. Context matters. In Q1 this year,
Verily, a company in that other bets
category was deconolidated. It raised
money. it was removed from the other
bets category, which is part of why the
revenue for the other bets was down Q1
of this year. Simultaneously, we know
that Whimo has been scaling to new
cities. We know Whimo is adding newer
vehicles to the fleet, continuing to
move away from the Jaguar IPACE. And
positively, Whimo just raised $16
billion in February at $126 billion
valuation. But it's also true that
Sundar Pishai has said that Whimo won't
be profitable until 2027 at the
earliest. But boiling it down, if you
remove one-time charges for things like
stock-based compensation and assume that
Whimo makes up in the neighborhood of
70% of the other bets category, Whimo is
still likely losing in the neighborhood
of $800 million per quarter. Or framed
another way, for every $1 in revenue
that Whimo earns from ride fairs, their
costs are in the neighborhood of $15 to
$20. All that to say, yes, Whimo is
scaling new cities and more paid rides
week overweek, but it is still very far
away from actual profitability, which
takes us right back to the Cyber Cab
discussion earlier. So, we'll continue
to watch the minutiae of Tesla scaling
for months to come, but the fact of the
matter is Whimo has no answer for the
cyber cab. Not now, not anytime soon.
The used market for Tesla vehicles
continues to accelerate. Over the past
90 days, according to Car Gurus, the
price of the average used Tesla is up
nearly 18%. Whereas the overall car
gurus index, prices are only up 6%. And
separately from IC cars, they're saying
consumer demand is sharply focused on
hybrids and Teslas over EVs from Legacy
Auto. Many people assumed the spike in
gas prices would mean a resurgence in EV
demand, but hybrids have really been the
winner, although Tesla's EVs are also
doing quite well. Used EVs without a
Tesla badge have lost more than 10% of
their value in the past year. That
compares to stable values for Teslas and
hybrids and a modest 2.8% 8% drop for
traditional gas vehicles. And Tesla's
Model X was the fastests selling used
car for the month of March. Here's one
for old times sake. GM just said that I
off hands-off technology on the Cadillac
Escalade IQ will be coming in 2028.
We know Uber owns roughly 12% of Lucid
and they're working together with Neuro
to develop their own robo taxi service.
But now they're bringing on another
member of the group and that's Herz.
Today we learned that Hertz will provide
day-to-day vehicle asset management
including charging, maintenance,
repairs, cleaning, and depot staffing.
The service is supposed to launch by the
end of this year in the Bay Area using
the Lucid Gravities and Neuros
self-driving tech. Hertz will be
handling this work through a newly
established affiliate it's calling Oro
Mobility, which the rental company says
will provide integrated fleet management
solutions across a range of mobility
segments. As the industry transitions
from personallyowned vehicles to
commercially operated driver-led and
autonomous fleets, Oro aims to fill a
critical orchestration and operations
gap. And this should not be a surprise
as last year we learned that Whimo was
going to use Avis to manage its robo
taxi fleet in Dallas. Another reminder,
the infrastructure Tesla is tasked with
building out doing everything on its own
is not minor. And as we know, the
problem with having three or four hands
in the cookie jar, three or four
companies, is that each one will be
looking for a margin somewhere and the
coordination and approval process just
gets slowed down the more that are
involved. When it comes to supervised
FSD across the EU, for now, it seems
like most other countries will be
waiting for the TCMV meeting and
ultimately a likely vote later on June
30th. So most of these countries are
taking it slow, not wanting to fasttrack
approval nation by nation, waiting to
see what the broader group does. But in
Italy, a senator has been publicly
pushing for approval of FSD and asking
whether the government plans to
fasttrack approval, but ultimately all
they said was that no decision has yet
been taken at the European level. So
EUwide approval is still on the table
for this summer, but it seems like it'll
happen from a group perspective, not
individual nations doing it on their
own. Tesla said following the roll out
of FSD14 light for hardware 3 vehicles
in the US, we do plan on expanding V14
Lite to additional international
markets. This update ensures hardware 3
vehicle owners will continue to benefit
from ongoing updates, but Tesla said for
now, we cannot provide definitive dates
at the moment. You know that saying, a
picture is worth a thousand words? Well,
sometimes a video is worth even more.
&gt;&gt; Only do that out of courtesy if I know
there's no one behind me or if there's
like
&gt;&gt; Mhm.
&gt;&gt; Okay. Thank you.
&gt;&gt; That made sense.
&gt;&gt; Seeing things that humans cannot. As if
we needed any more hype, Elon said
Optimus 3 is special. And a new version
of 14.3.2 2 has rolled out to a few more
users beyond the EA group, but it is
still not wide by any means. And the
popup dialogue for when you disengage
does now include navigation as an
option, but you do have to respond.
There's no way to exit this screen. So,
as of recording, I'd say that roughly
90% of the fleet is still yet to receive
14.3. So, you're not alone. Tesla stock
closed the day at $38163
up 2.37% while the NDX was up.98%. The
volume was 24% below the average. Don't
forget check out delete me linked below
for anybody interested. It really is a
bigger help to the channel than you
know. Hope you all have a wonderful day
and a huge thank you to all of my
Patreon supporters.