Channel:     munrolive
Title:       Cadillac Escalade IQ Front Fascia EXPOSED: Illuminated Grille & Lighting Breakdown
URL:         https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xgzyYwd4Mks
Published:   2026-04-14 13:15 UTC
Fetched:     2026-04-16 11:33 UTC

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Welcome back to Monroe Live. So, we're
going to continue our videos with the
2026 Cadillac Escalade IQ. Now, when we
do these videos of a normal media
vehicle or something like that, all we
can really do is walk around and point
at things and say what we think is a
reason or what we think happened. But
with our partnership with A2Mac1,
they have actually been able to provide
us with all of the torn down samples.
So, we're able to get a little more of a
indepth look at the parts themselves.
And having the vehicle here with us, we
can go from one to the other to really
understand. And today, we're going to go
through the exterior of the vehicle. And
in doing that, we're going to have Troy
with us. Troy is Monroe's in uh
exterior's expert, and he's going to
talk us through the processes. Now, it's
nice to say what we have and in looking
at a finished vehicle, this is the what.
But Troy's going to help us in the how
and going through some of these uh
individual components. So, Troy, if I'm
looking at this vehicle from its
exterior, what are the things that you
look at? I I know the things that I see
right away, but we want to know from
your point of view, where is the
interesting features? What is so special
about the Cadillac in this exterior?
&gt;&gt; So, there's obviously a lot of bling
going on here. Um, with this being a
$155,000
car, uh, you have several lit elements.
Um, you can see your your lit grill
coming across here. You know, um, as I
approach the car, um, if you have your
keys in your pocket, this thing will
greet you. Um, then we have a a fancy
uh, uh, center grill here. Um, super uh
highly capable headlamps. Um, we have a
lot of chrome. We have this is even
tinted. So, not only is it ched, there's
actually a tint on it. So, some people
may think that this was just painted,
but when you approach it closely, um,
it's actually a chrome with a tint on
top of it. So, we have a a lot of
highlevel finishes on this vehicle. Um,
and we can kind of dive into some of the
the components over here and look at the
backside and how they were actually made
and uh what GM's thought process was
behind it. So, when we look at fit and
finish, especially when I'm talking
about an interior, I will say that the
big open areas may be impressive, but
the big open areas are the easy parts.
All of the actual effort is in the
corners and the edges. And for Fit and
Finish, we're really doing that. How do
we get these corners to line up? How do
we get the material to flow around the
corners? What type of a radius based on
the manufacturing method for that part?
How can we make them fit? But what
you're going to show us is these parts,
the big area is also where all of that
effort was put into.
&gt;&gt; Yes. So if we talk about fit and finish
on this vehicle, um you we can look at
the center portion here. We can see some
misalignment on these these upper chrome
components here. On the right side, uh
you can see this is heavily misaligned.
And on the left side, it looks slightly
misaligned, but not quite as bad. Now,
there's a specific reason for that. Um
and the reason is that all of this in
the center you see here is mounted on
the hood. So, if we were to pop the
frunk, everything you see all the way up
to this cut line would come up with it.
And then everything outside of here is
mounted to the body. Now, between the
body and the hood, you have like a 8 mm
tolerance. So, when you're trying to
match components to each other, um
you're going to you're going to see that
to tolerance in reality. And and if you
look at any of these IQs on the road,
you're going to see a lot of mismatching
there um across that component. So, with
electric vehicles, uh, we have very flat
fronts. A lot of that's for arrow. We
don't have real grills here as you would
for an internal combustion engine. So,
when I look at this piece, I say, "Okay,
why do I just have some big funky
sticker on here?" But that's not what it
is exactly. What do we have? Yeah. So,
we had our our uh our uh show here with
A2 Mac1, and a lot of people were coming
up to this looking and and and thinking
that these were actually stickers, but
we'll actually go and show the back side
of the component here and show you
actually what's going on and how they're
getting that visual effect. So,
what you have here is actually a twoshot
component. So you have a clear outside
and and on the back side you have a uh a
black a black plastic. So it's it's a PC
and then a PC plus ABS.
And then what they're doing is they're
laser ablading I'm sorry. Let me flip
this over one more time. They're laser
ablading the black. So they're laser
etching it so you can see clear all the
way through to the backside. And then to
get that silver,
what they're doing is they're actually
painting the backside.
&gt;&gt; So just like the types of things that
you see at like some craft fair where
someone is painting on the back of a
piece of glass, that's actually what
we're seeing through here. All of this
gray is the paint that is on the B side.
Now, I don't know if we can pick it up
on camera, but if you look down one of
these veins as I rock the part, you are
seeing real shadows.
So, the highlighted edges are the actual
shadows of the textured B-side which has
been painted. Now, unfortunately,
because these are twoshot, you don't
actually get perfect alignment. And now
look at
this vein here and follow that rib down
the edge. See how it touches on the one
side at the front? I don't see that
touching on this one. So, this is the
type of error that you can actually have
in production in the injection molding.
The shrink rates didn't quite line up.
You didn't get the single shot
positioned perfectly to the twoot. So
you are not looking at a sticker. You
are looking at real texture. You are
looking at a paint coat from the Bside.
Now for me I want to question since I
now have two basically injection molding
processes. Then I have the laser
process. Then I have a painting process.
I start to wonder, could I have done
that in a single step? Could I have done
that in two-step? Let me show you this.
This is from the interior. And in the
interior, often we have inmold films.
And the inmold film can provide some
sort of a texture, make it look like
something that it's not. But this part
has an inmold film and it has the clear
exterior. Now, I don't know how close he
can get on camera, but if you look at
this edge, you can actually see the edge
of the film that is encapsulated between
the two layers. So then my question
becomes,
what is more expensive? Applying the
film or applying the paint process?
Painting is actually quite a problem
within a manufacturing plant. you end up
having a higher scrap rate because you
have a higher possibility of errors. Uh
the painting lines themselves are
expensive. So I wonder could they have
gotten this same look with just an
inmold film. However, in working with
studios in the past, they like their
texture and because of these ribs, how
you can see the light breaks as we
rotate it. There is more of a depth
here. Um so it's like how much money do
I want to pay for that depth? Yeah, we
can obviously see that the the studio
won on this vehicle in many areas um
with the amount of bling that they
wanted in $155,000
car. But that's a good point. Um wave
lock technology or that inmold film is
something that we were looking into for
exterior components uh in my previous
job. Um it's commonly used like you said
on the interior, but it's something
that's being looked into definitely on
the exterior also. So, it's a good point
on on maybe potential cost savings and
different type of textures.
&gt;&gt; So, here's where uh Eric puts in an
image of the entire front grill lit up.
You'll notice that this center section
does not light up.
However,
this area does. So, this is done a
little different. So, let's look at
those parts. So, a very similar uh
construction to that upper shield um but
with some lit elements. Um same type of
material. You have a PC clear outer with
a PCABS uh blackshot inner. And if we
flip this over,
we can see where that that laser etching
or laser ablasion which is referred to
in the industry. We can see where that
took place on the back uh backside here.
And it looks like they actually put a
clear shot over it once they they
created that etching. So they have the
clear, the black, they and then they do
the ablazion to create the pattern that
they're looking for. So, it also looks
like you can see a paint coat, and that
paint coat is basically a tinting coat
to make this more of an opaque lens
rather than a perfectly clean lens.
&gt;&gt; Mhm. That's right. Yep. You can see that
that that coating on the back side.
&gt;&gt; Now, since this thing has been ripped
apart and beat up and everything that
we've done to understand how it was
made, what the cost would be in
manufacturing that, we have some
scratches. And the good thing about the
scratches is if you view this scratch
here, this is on the B side. Let's flip
it over.
And you see there's the scratch.
So doing the same thing in what they're
doing in etching all of these lens
pieces, we accidentally etched by
scratching it there. So, you could have
gone back in and done another paint coat
to try and cover that up. But that's one
of the things that helps us to
understand how something was done. And
in knowing the how, we will then
calculate the cycle time. We'll
calculate the cost, how many different
stations, if this now has a paint coat,
we have paint racking, we have some sort
of a drying or curing oven. All of those
different steps in the manufacturing
process lead up to a cost. And here at
Monroe, that's what we want to do. We
want to understand what happened in the
factory. Where were those costs in the
factory when we were looking at the
physical part?
&gt;&gt; That's right. And just to further touch
on the execution here. Um, another
difference we can see between the other
part is this big rib that's coming
across here. Now, you might ask
yourself, what is that? And it's to seal
off where the uh the lighting elements
sit. So there's a glue channel. So this
is the housing that where the lighting
elements sit. So there's several LED
lights that sit inside of this housing.
And then it's actually glued. There's a
channel in the housing that's glued onto
this big rib to create a seal. So no
water intrusion can in can get into
those LEDs. So those LEDs fire up and
shine through where that laser ablasion
came through and that's where you get
your your lighting element.
Now we can finally touch on this part
over here. Um I had mentioned earlier
that this is is a traditional chrome
part as you can see on the back. Uh just
a standard chrome you know
electroplating.
And then on the front it looks a little
bit darker than your traditional chrome.
Um, now there's a coating that's that's
placed on here to what we would call
tint on chrome to give it more of a
luxurious type of feel or a high-end
type of finish. Um, and we can talk
about kind of how this how the chroming
is done. Um, so this part is
electroplated
and it's kind of like frying a potato.
So when you you place a a potato chip in
a fryer initially it has a nice
beautiful shape but when you place this
thing and dip it in the electro plating
it it fries it and and kind of it can
distort it and that's that's what that's
the reason for many of the limitations
um and and chroming. So you can only
chrome for plastics, ABS plastics,
krillin, trialbutadine styrene. Um,
these are going to be dropped into those
acid baths with the electropic process.
As it's going into that bath, it kind of
eats up the butadine, which is like the
rubber layer off top. The chrome will
attach to it. problem is if you have a
lot of weird shapes, the chrome is
flowing in a liquid and it wants to
attract to the first thing that's in
front of it. So if you have deep draw
areas, you're going to get more chrome
on the edges, but you're not going to
get it in the deep draw pockets. This is
a relatively flat part, so they're able
to do that. But you have a geometry
restriction with chrome. Um, so you
really have to plan for it. You have to
talk to the studio and say, "Are you
sure that this is the part that you want
to chrome? How much of the area can you
have chrome? What's going to be visible?
And can we do it?" Now, for interiors,
um, we do a process like this and we
will do a paint coat to dull down the
chrome. And I don't like it. I'm like,
you've made a bright chrome part and now
you're painting it to dull the chrome.
Why don't you just get a dull paint and
eliminate the chrome process? The chrome
process is very, very durable. The
coating on here, I would like to see how
they do it because much like painting a
piano black, this is other than the
scratches we put on it, very, very
smooth. And a lot of the interior chrome
parts that have been dulled, I can see
orange peel in the paint coat. So, it
makes it very apparent to me.
Let's take a look at that part on the
vehicle real quick. We can just touch on
a couple things. I was actually quite
surprised to see it this low. in the
vehicle because they typically don't
like to package this tint on chrome in a
stone throw area.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; Because it can start peeling and you can
get rock chips and everything and and
when this thing starts peeling, you can
start either seeing the chrome
underneath or the the part and it starts
looking bad. But maybe they determined
that the it was it wasn't in a a high
risk area. Another thing you can see
here is maybe it was cut a little bit
short of where they wanted it. Um,
that's because of that that that earlier
statement I made was you're frying it
like a potato. So, if you curve it
around a corner and put too much depth
in that chrome, it starts to want to
flatten out. So, then in the assembly
process, you have to shove that corner
in and it and it really messes with the
tolerancing all across the center of
that that chrome. So, you kind of have a
limitation on the amount of depth you
can do on a a chrome component. So this
is why it's very very important when
studios are designing these vehicles,
they need to speak with the engineers
early and say this is the type of
material that I want. What type of
shapes can I have in that material? And
if they don't get that feedback early
enough, this is something that you might
have to change 6 months, 8 months into
the initial plan of the product to say,
look, we're it's just not capable. I
don't even want to go to prototype with
that type of condition if I know in
advance it's not going to work because
the tooling cost the the cost in just
time of how quickly we want to get a
vehicle into production. If we can work
with and speak with studios very very
early about all these processes all of
the materials that they want to say what
is possible that's very very important.
So, as we keep wrapping around the car,
um Carl and I had noticed a little bit
of bubbling or uh something going here
on the fascia fender cut line. It might
be hard to pick it up on camera. I'm not
sure. Carl, um if you want to talk about
that. I know you had said you maybe
thought it was some paint buildup or I
think what we're actually seeing or
we're seeing a lip now. If I'm talking
about this side, I'm seeing a slight
raise on this very edge.
I know in painting cars and in painting
parts, sometimes you can actually have
the material collect on edges, corners,
features, and then sometimes pull away
from edges, corners, and features. I'm
thinking that that material is either
collecting or pulling away causing that
type of a edge, type of a rib. I'm not
entirely sure because I'm not going to
destroy this part. But this is something
that we see on this side of the vehicle
that we don't see on the other side of
the vehicle. So, I'm thinking it's it
may not be in the mold. It's probably in
the painting process.
Okay. As we keep looking around here, we
we see this has
wheel opening moldings or what we call
in the industry ws, uh, which is an
extra component that use it's used to
close out the the wheel opening there.
Um, me and Carl were talking about this
the other day, too. uh why do they need
these?
&gt;&gt; Personally, from a cost perspective, I
would want to get rid of that type of a
feature. Now, this one is match to body
color, but often in a lot of lower-end
vehicles, these are just matte black
pieces. Now, I've spoken to some people
in the design studio who purposely put
them in, and they say because we want to
make the vehicle look more rugged. Like,
does a matte black part make a vehicle
look rugged? To me, no. That's just a
piece that breaks off and flies down the
road if you hit a small animal.
Hopefully not. Um I would normally want
to see that fender fill right down to
the edge, but there are reasons and you
can point out one of those reasons.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. So
it number one is an appearance thing.
It's a studio thing which you t touched
on. Another thing is potential corrosion
improvement. So, if this fender comes
down, we know all this this dreaded
area, right, around the wheel opening
where the the corrosion always starts.
You see all the the old trucks going
down the road and the corrosion starts
right here and it just starts spreading,
right? So, if you have a wheel opening
molding, you don't need a little bend at
the bottom of your your fender where all
that dirt and mud can catch and start
your corrosion earlier than expected,
right? So, this actually can help some
some corrosion requirements. Um, is
another kind of side note to that. Um,
other than the the just the studio
appearance.
And we can also just briefly touch on
the wheel opening here. Um, we have
textile wheel liners. Um, something I'd
worked on in the past. Um they are more
expensive than
um like a vacuumformed plastic wheel
liner. Very cheap tooling for vacuum
forming. Um but they are uh cheaper than
injection molding.
&gt;&gt; So in all the vehicles that we've torn
down, we've seen many different ways
from many different OEMs. Some of them
will have the injection molded liners.
Some of them will have the vac for
thermopform liners. Some of them have
this PH textile type material. Everyone
has tried to understand what were the
reasons. Now I see some people who we've
had suppliers come here for this PT
material and say look we provide weight
savings. We're very very lightweight.
However, um that's weight savings when
it comes off of the factory. Uh once
you're driving down the road, six months
in, you went through a winter cycle, you
went through the mud. What happens to
these things?
&gt;&gt; Oh yeah. Yeah. You're going to get your
buildup back here. Um you're going to
get that that big old snow glob that
hangs onto your vehicle and and you lose
all your weight savings for sure.
&gt;&gt; You see that if you end up going to try
and wash your car yourself, how long are
you spraying that with the garden hose
trying to get all of that mud out of
there? Yeah, the the NVH properties on
the textile is better than the plastic
for sure. So, it's a trade-off. Do you
want more NVH uh capabilities or do you
want uh the customer complaints of of
having to wash that that wheel well out
constantly. So, it's a it's just a bit
of a trade-off.
&gt;&gt; So, the most expensive option was the
injection molding.
&gt;&gt; Correct.
&gt;&gt; So, if injection molding, which a lot of
us when we look at a molded plastic
part, we say, "Ah, it's just cheap
plastic." but yet in this case it's the
more expensive option.
So here is a formed textile wheel well.
But if you really look at this when this
is going into the tool that is forming
it, it's basically just an open and shut
tool that may be trimming around the
edges. So what I don't have is I don't
have undercuts. I don't have features.
um I may not even have as much depth or
a sidewall that I would want with this
type of material, but as you said on the
Hummer, it's a little different.
&gt;&gt; Correct. Yeah, they can they can use
slide action um inside of that injection
molded tool to get different features
maybe on the back side where the
customer could see it or in different
areas that that the studio would want.
Now, in this they they literally take a
flat sheet and it's kind of like thermal
forming. They they warm it up and and
press it and form it into this shape.
Now it's always overextended.
It's past past these trim edges. And now
what they do after is they put it on a
fixture and actually waterjet trim these
edges.
So for an injection molding, it is
coming out of the mold the way I want it
to be. But for this process,
not only do I now have to form it with
that heat form process, but now I have
to water jet cut. Now, as I'm water jet
cutting, I've seen some that have
multiple streams, but it winds up being
slow because now I have one water jet
that's trying to cut this path, trying
to cut and move to every one of the
circle cut holes. So, it is a slower
process than that injection.
&gt;&gt; Correct. Correct. It is. Yeah. and the
in the the the secondary processing
aspect of it is definitely more labor
intensive than an injection mold would
be cuz in an injection mold the edge of
your part is set inside of the mold.
So, one last thing before we continue
around the rest of the vehicle. Um you
can see how this is kind of executed
here. We have a large lamp right here
and we have a fascia a fascia that
surrounds this lamp right now. This is a
plastic tpo um standard fascia type of
material. Um now from the front you
can't see a gap which the studio always
wants. They don't like to see gaps.
Um you may ask yourself, well how are
you executing that? This fascia is not
connected across uh the front of the
vehicle. It's it's a single part. It
ends right here and it just comes up to
the fascia defender cut line. So, what
that allows you, it allows you to
install it in the cross car or or this
type of direction, which allowed you
allows you to have this this side gap
right here. So, you'd see the gap from
the side of the vehicle instead of the
front, which is always uh the preferred
method.
&gt;&gt; So, for this, lots of times you what you
actually have is a feature molded into
the headlight surround that grabs some
sort of a rib or some sort of an edge
from this fascia. And then a lot of
times there will be an injection molded
piece that is screwed or secured into
the fender that carries over those same
types of features that are in the
headlight that then snap and attach back
here.
So for me, I am a fan of Cadillac. Now
being a fan of any type of a car, any
type of a trim level, I say is similar
to honestly being in a bad relationship.
Um, your friends are telling you all of
the problems, but yet you're ignoring it
because you're in love. And no matter
which vehicle you're talking about, if
you think that you are a fan of any one
of them, trust me, you are in a bad
relationship, that are problems that you
ignoring, but still have fun in whatever
your fandom is. In looking at this
headlight, you'll see that it is fairly
narrow and fairly long. Now that type of
a styling is a traditional Cadillac
styling. And what I try and tell people
is Cadillac never lost their tail fins.
That is why we have the vertical tail
lights, the vertical lighting carried
over into Cadillac up till today.
They're starting to change them. But
I've even had to explain that to people
in the Cadillac studio who were
complaining, "Why am I stuck with these
vertical lights?" who they did not know
that that is because that vertical light
especially if we're talking about the
lights in the rear. Let's go and look at
the rear.
So that vertical light styling from
Cadillac is how the tail fins carried
over up through the 50s. Now they had
physical fins. As we move through the
60s into the 70s, the fins themselves
went down. But that feature in the tail
lights carried through the '7s all the
way up until today. Now, if you look at
the CT5, CT4, they're starting to turn
these into L's and sevens. They're
they're trying to get away from that
look, but this characteristic look is
Cadillac all the way to the 50s. Well,
I've hope you've enjoyed our walkound
tour of the Cadillac Escalade IQ. And
thank you very very much Troy for
providing some of that insight in not
only what are we actually looking at but
the ability to look at the how and with
these parts having these separated
parts. I have to thank HMAC1 who has
done the tear down and provided us with
these physical samples so that we can
quickly come from the finished vehicle
to the parts as they have been provided
to us. So thank you very much to our
partners ATM1 in being able to do that.
Um, thank you very much for watching
Monroe Live. If you've enjoyed this
video, and we do have more with the
Cadillac, please subscribe for future
videos.