Channel:     futureaza
Title:       The Winners, the Hype, the Hopeless, & the Profitable (REALLY!)  Tons more on the Monday News Update
URL:         https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4uyKMnXAQ8s
Published:   2026-06-15 07:10 UTC
Fetched:     2026-06-16 05:00 UTC

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Good Monday though, 15th one and all.
15th of June. What a week it has been.
We've got a whole whole heap of news.
Just so you know what goes on as we
cover the news as quick as we can and
then we get to the Q&amp;A. Yeah, that uh
that little chat you see right here on
the side. I'm going to address it. I'm
going to answer your questions if you
have them. Gets them in. Whole lot to
cover. Let's get to it. Hey, uh probably
nothing. Probably nothing. But in uh in
Texas, we've seen all this. That's a lot
of stuff going on. And as I pointed out,
this could mean anything. It doesn't
means one thing. Uh to pretend
otherwise, you'd have to be a fool. And
don't worry, plenty of fools did sound
off, letting me know that it doesn't
mean anything. It means cars are
rotting. Rotting in Texas. Okay. Uh 55
cyber cabs in Dallas really stacking up.
102 were spotted at the outbound lot at
Texas yesterday. Continue being shipped
around the country. I'd argue that if
you're shipping them around the country,
they're not they're not rotting. U maybe
I'm maybe I'm the crazy one. Uh in terms
of vehicle sales overall, did you know
that China last year sold more plug-in
vehicles than the US sold vehicles?
Yeah. Well, China is a very big market.
It is the biggest market for
automobiles, and they're turning into
one heck of an exporter. Chinese
production was 34.4 million last year.
Compare that to 10.6 in the US and China
uh makes more plugins. Uh they're going
pretty serious with it. Um a lot of
misconceptions around Chinese vehicles,
a lot of misconceptions still around
EVs. That's why for 3 days I will be at
the Long View Go forth Festival hosting
an information booth. If you're anywhere
near Katz County in Long View,
Washington, this is where Long View,
Washington is. This is a huge event.
There's a good uh I don't know 60 to
80,000 people who attend this each
summer over the three days. We'll be up
uh in these trees here kind of uh
there's a good hundred booths. There's a
good dozen food trucks. There's live
music and all kinds of entertainment.
And on the second and third, I'll have
David Moss in the booth. If you have FSD
questions or just want to meet the
legend himself, come on out, swing by
and say hello, won't you? I know it's
not the most exciting part of it, but uh
the stock today is up. Looks like people
who pulled some dry powder to perhaps
invest in SpaceX, maybe they're putting
it back in. Maybe the market's just
ebulliant for no reason. But I got to
cover it at some point. Hey, subscribe.
Could you uh look less like this? Look
uh better. You'll feel better if you
subscribe. Got a lot of people saying,
"How come you never covered X, Y, or Z?"
And I say, "I did. I did just got to
subscribe my friends. Hey uh R2, that's
kind of a big deal. It's kind of
exciting. Uh but uh my video on that uh
upset some people. Okay. My job is not
to make you happy. My job is to give you
facts even when you don't like them. So
that's uh something you got to get used
to. Something you got to get used to
because I will tell you uh uncomfortable
truths from time to time. Yeah. Don't
know what to say. People don't always
like me for it, but you know, um, no one
likes the dentist when he says you got
to floss more. Ford midsize pickup
prototype gets dedicated website ahead
of reveal. They're moving forward with
this. Are you really going to make me a
EV Maverick? I think people are going to
like that. Uh, reflective of its
starting price near 30,000. If you're
going to do that though, you're going to
really step on some toes. Those toes
specifically. just double check. Let me
know if my sound is good and all that.
Uh if you're going to step on those
particular toes, you're going to be uh
stepping on some midsize toes. Um
especially with Oh, darn it. I don't
know where my slide went, but slate.
Slate is coming up. It's uh here. Darn
it. We'll probably find it buried
somewhere in the middle of the other
stories. Just going to scan real quick.
See if I can find it. But June 24th is
the date. There it is. Found it. Um,
Slate dishes new details on company's
mid20s
EV pickup. It's uh a question. It's a
real question. Uh, do you have uh do you
have interest in the Slate? A lot of the
marketing hype has been just that uh
eliminating power rolling windows
doesn't really save you money. It's
well, it's not going to be a it's I
don't want a computer on wheels, my
friend. It's still going to have a
computer. It's still going to have a
screen. It has to. Backup cameras are
mandatory. And that means that uh
forward collision warning is as well.
It's going to have cameras. It's going
to have a screen. It's going to have a
computer. Cars are computers on wheels.
Battery cars just as much. Doesn't mean
you can't build it affordably. Mid20s.
Does that mean 22? Does that mean 28?
Where's the cut off for mid20s? Excited
to see what they've got? really really
hope they're moving forward. Uh it would
be neat. And I'll tell you the real use
for something like Slate is parks and
wreck. The parks department uh could
could absolutely crush with these if
they're cheap enough. You don't need 2,
three, 400 miles of range for the parks
department. They're just going to do 30
m a day in town. Well, that's a
glorified golf cart. Yeah, but it has
the glory. So, let's not get too cynical
uh before it's too late. Rivian CEO says
there's a big market for small electric
trucks, so maybe we would see some of
those. This, of course, would have to
wait uh for Rivian to build the Georgia
plant. The Georgia plant quite
important, kind of running out of room
in normal Illinois, even though the
normal plant, former Mitsubishi plant is
huge. It's very big, but there are
inefficiencies that come with a legacy
factory with hermit crabbing your way
into an old space. um what they really
need to do. My big concern with VR2
isn't that it uh won't be popular at
45,000. It's that it won't be profitable
at 45,000. 45,000 uh price that was
several years ago, two three two and a
half two years ago. By the time it hits
the market, we're talking 48 49,000
adjusted for inflation and they're not
raising the price. That means that three
$4,000 is simply gone. That makes it
tough. Uh, and without those economies
of scale, without the big factory, it's
tricky. What are you going to do? Um,
and if we're talking trucks, we might as
well mention Trucks. Tow trucks has an
announcement as well. They look like
this. That's a lot of fun, isn't it? I'm
hoping to get uh with them.
Uh,
okay. And on this uh they've secured a
company to do the body and white. It is
uh Schwab is the name of the company.
Update uh production update. They're
going to be working with uh Schwab
Industries to make the body in white.
When they said we partner with a with a
manufacturer, I was I was concerned that
it would be Magna. Magna really wants uh
wants their uh their markup. They want
to be the ones who make all the money.
And as a result, it really hurts the
companies that are trying to actually
make the cars. Well, but we're the ones
actually making the cars. Fair point.
Tesla versus Riven reliability, it's not
even close. Uh, unfortunately, Rivian
continues to have problems with um
delivering a quality vehicle.
That's okay for now, but you will need
to get through that because at some
point,
uh, there's brand loyalty among brands
that I don't think deserve loyalty. Jeep
has brand loyalty and has all kinds of
serious problems. Um, kind of feel like
that's the sort of thing they should
work on. Uh, but you know, uh, no,
they say no thank you. Um, Stellantis,
what a gem. Uh, it's more of a petrified
uh, dinosaur poo. Tesla is twice as
likely to reach 250,000 miles as a
Subaru. Man, I know people who love
their Subarus. Just about everyone I
know who owns a Subaru is fiercely brand
loyal because the cars are so good. Are
they? Um, they're pretty good. They're
quite good. Uh, they're expensive to fix
at times, but people will still fix
them, meaning they're going to last
longer than something that you don't
like. Uh, if your if your Chevy Venture
blows a head gasket at 128,000 mi, which
it will, you're not going to be as
likely to fix it. Probably just scrap
the thing as I did once, but not twice.
The second time on the second Chevy
Venture, I fixed it. And that was a
mistake. I've gone through three head
gaskets on a Chevy Venture. If you've
ever driven with me, you know it's not
because I'm an aggressive driver. I'm
not. Tesla battery longevity, how long
it lasts and what impacts it. I don't
need to tell you this, but it's a lot.
After 100,000 miles, you might lose 5 to
10% of the capacity. And uh yeah,
another study is saying that uh it's and
it might be the same study. You lose
about 2% a year.
That's quite great. Which means you
could technically keep the car for, you
know, 30, 40 years and still have enough
range to get you around. 30 40 years for
a car you're going to drive every day.
Pretty good. If you're holding it as a
collector, uh, who knows? I don't I
don't know how many miles those kinds of
people are driving, but it's not up to
me. This one's kind of interesting.
Electricity prices most and least
expensive. What you find on here is some
parity interesting stuff. Uh
specifically Ethiopia and I don't want
to get too far into it, but I'm trying
very hard to go to Ethiopia because it
has the same kind of fascinating story
as Nepal uh but to a greater degree.
Ethiopia the only country that has uh
banned the import of ICE cars as of
2024.
And why? Because what would you do if
your g if your electricity price were 6
cents a kilowatt hour? Great. Got that
in your head? What if they were 6/10 of
a cent per kilowatt hour, which is what
they are in Ethiopia,
6 pennies per kilowatt? So that $5 fill
up you're getting at home for your EV,
they're getting uh getting it for, you
know, 3040 cents. Uh that makes it real
easy to do. They've got a ton of
hydropower.
December is when I plan to go. And if
you want to help me out, uh, there's an
easy way to do it. Do you have a
cajillion sky miles you're not using?
You can just book my ticket. Something
to think about. If you want me to
continue providing that kind of
coverage, I'd love to do it. I've been
told it's not the best country to visit,
but I'm not there for the vacation. I'm
there for the facts on the ground. CL
joins partner NEO uh in betting on
nuclear fusion. And I don't mean the
sun. We joke sometimes about that. Uh,
great. They've got their bet on nuclear
fusion. The deal is CL's first
investment in controlled nuclear fusion.
And the size of the of the round and the
battery giant's resulting stake were not
disclosed.
Hey, fusion is possible. I guess if it
is, it's great to see people investing
in it. It's 5 years away and has been
forever or at least 60 years. Maybe
it'll work. Maybe the investment is
small enough that if it doesn't work,
it's not an issue. But I thought it was
pretty fascinating stuff to consider.
That scaled poorly. So, that's enough
about trucks. That's enough about big
power. Let's talk about big power
trucks. Big corporate plug in uh big
corporates plug into electric trucking
as rising diesel and logistics expenses
drive a rethink. Uh this is in Mumbai.
India's biggest industrial companies are
accelerating investments in electric
trucks as volatile diesel prices, rising
logistics costs and sustainability
commitments reshape freight economics
fueling a surge. You see, you get some
peace of mind with an electric vehicle
regardless of its size in that you know
what your juice is going to cost roughly
uh in coming years and months and
especially if you're a country who has
control over it, you can see your demand
years out and scale accordingly. Um but
as you scale that power, you might need
batteries. General Motors brings sodium
ion battery production to America. After
LFP and LMR, the automaker is betting on
yet another battery chemistry type,
sodium. Why not? The amount of lithium
that goes into a entire car is minimal.
Like 100 pounds of lithium in a car, but
100 pounds of lithium adds up in terms
of cost. Sodium is cheaper. So, if you
could shave 50 bucks off the price of a
car, well, forget the car. We're talking
about about uh stationary energy
storage.
More competition is good. More varieties
of chemistry is good. More researchers
pointing in more directions is also
good. General Motors, uh they're just so
jelly of Ford's move into stationary
storage that who knows what they're
doing. Certainly, I don't know what GM
is thinking and neither does Mary Baro
bought Apple's self-driving car. proving
ground for 220 million. That sounds like
a lot, but 5,500 acres is significant in
Arizona. Whimo acquired the property
located near other proven grounds in
Wittman, Arizona. According to the
filing, this was recorded June 5th.
Rounds out Whimo's already robust
network of closed test courses. Great.
This is what I want to see. A lot of
companies out there are saying, "We're,
you know what? We're we're gonna do Me
too. Me too. Me too. Me too. We're going
to do autonomy, too. Awesome. Do you
have the training data? Do you have the
compute? Do you have a test track? Do
you have any any of the pieces? That's
just another piece. I'm confident Whimo
has deep enough pockets and uh
sufficient ignorance of the sunk cost
fallacy that they will continue to move
ahead and
dominate. I don't know if dominate is
the right word. So guys, I've got just a
handful more stories before we get to
the end here where we will answer your
questions and comments. We are doing
good on timeish.
Um, I'm going to save that one for a
whole show.
New Colorado law gets it right by
requiring responsible EV battery
recycling. I disagree with this. I think
this is a mistake. EV batteries are
already almost entirely recycled.
There's too much good stuff in there to
chuck it in the landfill. My fear is
that not that this won't increase
recycling, but one of the ways you
increase recycling is a core charge.
Please don't put a core charge on my
car. I promise I'll recycle the battery
if it can be. I don't want to throw it
out any more than you do. Whoever buys
it from me doesn't want to. Does that
mean the used buyer is going to have to
pay an extra 5,000 to me to replace that
core charge? Nonsense. They're not going
to do it. That's going to kill the
market. People already throw gold. Oh,
jewelry. Oh, no. It fell in the trash.
There's gold in landfills. Um, making it
illegal, making it a crime, uh, doesn't
prevent gold from going into landfills.
It just makes gold more expensive and
complicated and risks criminalizing
everything. Not a fan of this is what
I'm saying. Uh, China's EV companies
aren't just making great cars, they're
making money. This has been for years we
saw oh all these companies they're not
making money they're burning money and
that was true because their growth phase
was rampant and as long as they could
attract additional investors they were
going to keep growing scaling
production. So while western auto giants
are still burning billions in the race
to get to electric a new era has already
begun uh in China. So far this year they
posted their first annual or quarterly
profits. Leap Motors had a fullear
profit of 78 million. Not significant,
but that marks a sharp reversal from
burning 410 million before. NEO posted
104 million in adjusted net profit. And
others have as well. Xiaoang getting 55
billion, a net profit of 55 million in
the fourth quarter of last year after
reporting losses of around 190 million
during the same period the year before.
These three companies join BYYD, Xiaomi,
and Lee Auto in what is a growing roster
of Chinese makers of plug-in vehicles,
NEVs, or new energy vehicles in Chinese
parliaments that are no longer in the
red. This was bound to happen. The price
war settled down. Didn't mean that
prices became increased. It meant that
uh that they could actually do it. By
contrast, Tesla is the only profitable
pure play EV manufacturer in the West.
Although its profits lately have been
plummeting. No, it's plummeting.
A a small decrease is not plummeting.
Do you know that uh solar generates more
energy in the US than coal for the first
time? That's exciting stuff. Can't get
that to load. Solar supplied 12.8% of US
electricity in May even as Trump boasts
co coal uh over clean energy. Oh, okay.
So, there was a payw wall. There it is.
Good. Even as uh uh yes, data released
on Wednesday by the global energy think
tank Ember along with the report by the
solar energy industry association and
analytics shows that the continued
growth of solar and the decline of coal
in the US despite federal policy. In
May, for the first time, solar supplied
more of the nation's electricity than
coal. So, we're not talking about
installed capacity. We're talking about
actual power generation.
Solar works. It works better when you
have big batteries, but uh it works. So
JP Morgan just dramatically reversed
course on Tesla because Tesla's stock
has massive physical AI potential. JP
Morgan, I gave them a hard time all the
time. I have my money at JP Morgan. I'm
not thrilled about that. my retirement
account is there and they would every
time I would cross uh particular
milestones uh big round milestones they
would get in touch they'd email me
they'd call me say hey your account's
growing uh sure would be great you
should come in and talk to one of our
adviserss my friend I have talked to
your adviserss I wouldn't trust them uh
I wouldn't trust them in a jail cell
frankly um they're terrible and while JP
Morgan themselves owns a absolute
boatload of Tesla shares. They kept up
with their price target of $145.
Whatever the stock is, kind of divide it
by two or three. That's our price
target. I thought, I don't understand.
You guys know enough to own it to to
hold it. If you really thought that was
the price target, you would have sold at
400 and bought back in when it gets to
your price target because they're
terrible. They didn't reverse because of
the physical AI potential. They reversed
because they replaced their analyst. So,
it's uh you know, how long can you be
wrong before you just say that's enough
of that? I should have had this over
with trucking, but heavy trucks uh by
2030, China's targeting 40%.
Should be clean. Uh when I was in China,
all the times I've been in China, it's
noticeable. The roads have gotten real
quiet. EVs are absolutely everywhere.
They're easy to spot. The license plates
are a different color. Um, so they are
uh the green ones are the electric
vehicles, the blue ones are the gas
vehicles,
but the delivery the big trucks are all
still diesel and they really stand out
because they're loud and you can see the
fumes billowing off of them. So, you
know what? We're going to increase the
number of those that happen. I should
mention over on here, we've got a poll
that will close shortly. that is uh what
at what price would you buy a slate
truck? Uh under 25 is in second place,
under 30 and not very many under 40.
Because I am hopeful that when the
prices come out this week, they're not
uh high enough that people say, "Oop,
I'm out. Can't do it. Can't do it." So
yeah, electric trucking getting bigger
every day. Everyone wants a piece of
Tesla's battery business. Can't blame
them. First Tesla, then Ford, now GM. It
seems every automaker wants a slice of
the energy storage market. And it's easy
to see why. While EV sales have
stagnated in the US, mega pack sales
have not. They've doubled in the past 2
years. And they show no signs of
stopping. Because while of course it
makes sense for grid operators. We
didn't realize the extent to which it
also makes sense for data centers, nor
did we understand that data centers
would be as popular as they are today.
Let's move some units. So GM, all kinds
of people trying to get their trying to
get in the pool, trying to join the
part.
All right, guys, we did it. We made it
to the exciting part. This is the Q&amp;A.
Let's talk about the Q&amp;A. Let's drop
into the Q&amp;A hole. Howdy, everybody. How
are you? Uh, that's my first question in
the Q&amp;A for you. How are you?
As David Huber points out, we got a heat
wave coming up in the Pacific Northwest.
It is uh you know 9:25 in the morning
and it is already uh in my very cool
office 80° it's already about 80 almost
80
75 so shorts weather. You do not want to
see these walkie sticks. Regarding the
poll question, my answer changes
significantly if the vehicle is equipped
with FSD. It is not. It is not going to
be equipped with FSD. I'm here, but I'm
driving, but I won't be able to comment.
Joe, that's fine. I appreciate your
adherence to safety. Only eight likes
with this sparkling chat. How many likes
are we up to? Please do let me know. Uh,
don't make me put on a funny hat and
dance proceeds to put on a funny hat
anyway. Market's more about broader
news, I think. Wait, we're supposed to
like you? No, JD, you're not supposed
to. But you do. That's just how it
works, man. Uh 5x5 audio is fine. 15
thumbs up. How many thumbs up are we at
now? I left my mid20s when I was 42. I
feel like I did as well. My mid20s
certainly not before 35. Uh more good
quality and affordable price EV on the
market is a good thing. Look, well, I
don't want a slate. I don't want a
Rivian. Fine. Don't Don't buy one.
Somebody does. somebody does. If Slate
comes out and says, "Look, we're we need
cash to move forward. The first thousand
trucks will be 50 grand, I think they'll
sell them. I think somebody will buy
them cuz they're cool and people like
cool new things. I hope they don't. I
hope they're able to come in under 30.
It sounds like from recent statements
they will. So, Slate, you know, let's do
it." Um, hello all from Germany. Thank
you, Charles. At least slate will have a
few will have fewer things to break. Um,
door linkage does break though. Uh, but
it will have cars have just gotten
complicated. If you look at a Jaguar
IPAC, it has 30,000 parts. A Tesla Model
Y only has 10,000 parts. Why do you have
30,000? Your car is not three times more
capable, competent, or comfortable. Get
your business together.
R2 would be my favorite vehicle
realistically. Low volume, so low
priority. Oh, R2 truck would be uh your
favorite. Low volume, low priority. I
don't know. I can't speak to what the
demand would be. I know a lot of people
say they really want a small truck. I
had an old uh Ranger Blazer, you know,
not Blazer, the S10.
Those were popular not because of their
size, but because of their price. They
were so much cheaper in the '9s. You
could still get a new S10 for like 8
grand, nine grand. This is just free
money. Uh, free transportation. The
money wasn't free. You had to give them
the money. You get the idea.
I'm not going to uh let's see. My wife
has a Cross Track Subaru Cross Track.
Does she love it, Hawkeye? Uh, hockey.
Hockey.
We were a two Subaru family. Then we
were a one Subaru family. Now we're a
one Tesla family. Now we're two Tesla
family. Okay. Dr. Seuss it up at JD. Had
at least eight or nine over the years.
Outbacks, cross tracks, and an Ascent.
Owned a Grand Cherokee. Piece of junk.
Will never buy another Jeep. I've heard
um reliability horror stories about
Jeeps. How is income there? Large
market. Oh, Ethiopia, no. Income is very
low. But there is a broad disparity
between the halves and have nots. And
the halves have some money. Uh but if
you look at Nepal, income is very low.
uh car market is very low, but you want
to be in it. You want to be in it. Uh so
I don't know. And I don't know all the
qu the answers about Ethiopia because I
haven't been, but I'm hoping to get to
go. Ford and GM both have no clue how to
transition to a world of sustainable
energy. Fact. Fact check. True. Charles,
100 years from now, an army of robots
will mine landfills for rare metals. I
think so, too. I think so, too. Um, if
if not, you know, if not in a hundred
years, maybe in 200 the aliens will do
it because there's good stuff in there.
They may also be looking for things that
aren't that that aren't even valuable
yet. Yeah, there were a lot of uh mines,
well, like lithium mines where they were
looking for something else and they're
like, "Ah, it's just lithium." Well,
make a note of it. And then, you know, a
hundred years later, we're like, "Oh,
you guys have lithium rock. Turns out we
need that."
uh or in a hundred years robots will
have human mind land humans mine
landfills for precious metals. You see
that's the thing about AI is we wanted
it to do all our chores so we were free
to make art and music and poetry but now
we have AI making our art and music and
poetry so we're free to do chores. Wait
a second. This isn't right.
Uh so you're saying there is a future
for employment. I don't know if what the
robots would let us do would be called a
job. Um, but don't worry, you'd be
indentured. To be fair, you should
consider reallocating some of your gains
from Tesla. If you're all in, you've
missed massive gains in the memory
space. Uh, I'm about I'm over 90% in
Tesla. I have some other things, but uh
I I just buy and hold is what I do. I'm
tired, boss. Exterminate.
Uh, I do have some Nvidia. In Germany,
there are traffic signs that limit speed
due to noise. Oo, I'll be happy when
those are no longer needed. Interesting.
Did not know. My first um my first
problem is engine trouble. I'm a boat. I
hate internal combustion. No, the
problem is the boat. Boats are Boats are
a lot of fun. You should rent one
instead of buying one. Oh, yeah, but
they're so expensive to rent.
still cheaper than buying. How many
years advantage does Roboaxi have before
competitors catch up? We don't know. Uh
we don't know because Roboaxi is not
deployed at scale and really the
competition can't either. It could be it
could be only months, it could be only
years, but the real advantage is the
cost savings on which the competition
has no road map to compete. So if a
Whimo costs a dollar a mile more out of
the gate, which it does based on how
they built it, Whimo is going to be at a
substantial strategic disadvantage.
Uh what number of robo taxes collecting
fairs will make a decent dent in will
make a dent in the earnings? All of them
because the earnings are so big. Uh I
said in a show a week or two ago that
macro hard uh is not going to make a
meaningful impact on u xi's revenue.
They said sure it will sure it will or
or Tesla's anyway the I and they're like
yeah it could make a ton. I go right but
if it makes a billion a month it doesn't
improve the price to earnings by one. So
uh what number? Let's see. 80 degrees.
And Brian's not wearing anything below
the table. Try and get that out of your
brain. My brain, it's already out.
Uh, boat equals break out another
thousand. Yeah. All in yours. Yeah,
boats are a nice hole in the ocean that
you throw money into. But I go pull
lobster traps daily, and the hobby is
worth the cost. Uh, not to the lobsters.
Hello. Okay, guys. What did I miss? What
did I misunderstand? Thank you all for
hanging out on this fine fine Monday.
I'm going to go sweat. That's what I'm
going to go do. And uh everybody else,
you know, like, subscribe, do tell me if
you're catching this on the replay. I
gots to know you're here. Everyone else,
stay tuned. Stay juicy. And I cannot
wait to hear from you clever robots uh
when we are both working side by side,
elbow to elbow in the landfill mine to
serve our robot and/or alien overlords.