Channel:     futureaza
Title:       Tesla Cybercab Launch Is Almost Here
URL:         https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oiFXs3l8pKw
Published:   2026-08-25 12:00 UTC
Fetched:     2026-08-25 13:00 UTC

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Well, at least we'll see. We'll find out
in two weeks what the Cyber Cab show is
all about. We know that there's going to
be Tesla employees who'll be riding the
Cyber Cabs prior to that event. And from
the day of the event, theoretically,
regular public will be able to take a
cyber cab, not just a robo taxi. As I
told somebody the other [music] day, a
cyber cab is a robo taxi, but a robo
taxi isn't always a cyber cab.
&gt;&gt; Bestie is done. And by done, I don't
mean finished. I mean it's fenito. It
[music] is no more. It'll never work.
and never has and robo taxi is down the
drain. It's going to be a hundred years
until [music] it can happen. Well, maybe
not 100, maybe five to 10. These are
comments I actually see on social media
and in the comment section of some of my
own videos. And it's perhaps the
craziest thing when so much evidence is
around us that it's already here and
[music] working. Uh, but we're going to
get into it. We're going to play a
little devil's advocate, but it may not
surprise you to know I'm not believing
any of those rumors. Let's find out
what's going on. I'm Brian. Welcome to
Futurasa.
[singing]
[music]
&gt;&gt; So, I got Randy Kirk here. Did that
happen? I'm all the way in Nepal. He's
all the way over there in Riverside. Uh,
who knows? We'll find out. Uh, Randy,
uh, you've heard the terrible news. The
terrible, terrible, terrible news. So,
let's start with the worst news of all.
Yeah, here it is. Can you believe it?
Tesla sought permit for 5,000 robo taxis
in Las Vegas. It only got 10. It's the
end of the road, right?
&gt;&gt; Well, that was that was that was the old
news. It did. There was more news later
in the week.
&gt;&gt; Was there? Uh because I clearly uh do
not do not remember such things. Let me
check my notes and see if I've got
something here. Uh oh, TechCrunch is
reporting Tesla, Uber, and Whimo all got
the okay to operate uh thousands of robo
taxis. Is that the news you speak of?
&gt;&gt; So Tesla's the way I understood it was
Tesla gets 5,000 and they said, "And by
the way, uh if you need more, just ask."
So I guess kind of an unlimited,
&gt;&gt; right? And that's the thing. So what
happened uh and correct me if I'm wrong
here, I don't think I am, is that they
said, "Uh we need we need this. we need
to be able to test and they said yeah uh
10 and there's a hearing they go great
10 yeah we'll start with 10 and then
we'll do the hear and the hearing was
sized it was live streamed uh Sawyer
Merritt had some great coverage on it
others did as well and at the end of the
day they said um okay yeah uh we're in
right is that what they said [laughter]
&gt;&gt; yeah I I my understanding was I didn't
follow that as closely as maybe you did.
Uh my understanding was that Las Vegas
said you can have 10. Uh we'll put you
in a geoenced area and then you know
after you do it for a minute we'll we'll
go further. I think it was separate. I
think it was the Nevada DOT
&gt;&gt; that said you get the 5,000. Uh but that
would be statewide and Las Vegas's uh uh
you know permit might be more
restrictive at first. Las Vegas does
have weird permitting rules about the
strip, about the airport. There are a
bunch of weird rules, but you know,
that's any city. You work through them.
And yeah, uh it's kind of fun to see
that the thought that people would see
this and realize uh that's it's never
going to happen. I would add that
someone said, "Wait, I understand why
Tesla gets 5,000, but if Whimo also gets
5,000 and Zuks also gets 5,000, isn't
that too many
[laughter]
right there? That's not the minimum,
guys. That's that's so that they don't
have to convene a new session every six
months." Because if they set everybody
at a hundred or a thousand,
there's going to be a time in the not
too distant future when someone is going
to go over that number. That's my take.
So based on this uh robo taxi, it's
done, right?
&gt;&gt; Well, yeah. I don't think that I don't
think anything there says it's done.
This would be just one state. You know,
we've already got Texas wide open. We've
got uh Florida pretty much wide open. I
think some of these other states, they
just haven't needed them quite yet, but
they are um parking
uh uh cyber cabs in Baltimore. They're
parking cyber cabs in Detroit. They're
part I mean there's all these locations
around the country where there are cyber
cabs parked which would suggest that
maybe they're going opening those
locations soon.
&gt;&gt; The way Uber entered markets is they
were not a fan of being the first to go.
So, what they would do is let Lyft go
first and then send a letter to the city
council saying, "I notice Lyft is
operating. I'm not sure if that's legal
or not. So, uh, I'm going to give you 30
days to either shut them down and if you
don't, we're going to enter the market,
too. So, they never had to." And all
this was documented. In the states where
robo taxi is not permitted, it is also
not banned. It's just tacit approval.
You don't want to go in, build the
service centers, build the
infrastructure, only to find that it's
not allowed and you have to leave or do
jump through impossible hoops. Florida,
Texas, and Nevada
has a population of over 50 million. Is
that enough to get started or again, is
robo taxi down the drain? Help me out. I
I do not understand.
&gt;&gt; Well, I think it's probably enough to
get started. And then if you add in
California, which I would think by now I
don't know. I This is a very confusing
thing in California where we've had
thousands of cars. I mean, I don't know,
1700 or 20 whatever it is cars uh being
operated uh I thought it was only like x
number of miles and then there'll be
approvals. So, not exactly sure why we
don't have an approval in California
yet, but it has to be around the next
corner.
&gt;&gt; So, they did not apply for an AV testing
permit. So Tesla has technically not
done any autonomous vehicle testing.
What they will do is when they're ready,
uh, apply for that permit and jump
through those hoops. They will be able
to do it very quickly because all they
have to do is rack up the miles. There's
no real testing to be done. It's a
formality. And to the people, there are
a lot of people say, "Yeah, but
California hates Tesla." That may be
true, but but they can't make rules that
sing target a single company. Uh so they
have to make it broad enough to try and
exclude them. But there is
huge Tesla semi incentives available in
California. Incentives that everyone
qualifies for but Tesla will uniquely
clean up on. And if we're talking about
CA as in California, let's talk about CA
is in Canada. Same thing with the
Chinese imports.
That's not meant to help Tesla. It's,
you know, but you can't, it just does.
Tesla is bringing in the majority of the
vehicles on the exemption for
Chinese-made EVs.
So, all all that's, you know,
interesting. Now, one little bit of
evidence. Again, I'm convinced because
my my most hateful viewers, the ones who
clearly don't watch the videos, they
just show up and leave a comment and
then disappear, have assured me that
this is not going to happen. So, if
that's true, and again, I can only
assume that it is, what's uh what's
going on on September 3rd?
&gt;&gt; Well, yeah, we're going to have the
launch event, the Cyber Cab launch event
on uh on Jul sorry, September 3rd down
in Austin. And uh people are applying
for their golden ticket. Uh and my
understanding is there's two ways that
you can try to get your golden ticket.
One of those is to ride your ride, ride,
ride, ride. I think that that's passed
now. I think that had to be done uh by
uh Sunday night. Um and then you could
uh send for every time you rode, you
would get one sweep stakes ticket then
or you could mail in a request and uh
you could mail in those requests and
then they're going to draw out I think
somebody said five people that will get
the golden ticket. But in the meantime,
um, a lot of, uh, people in the Tesla
community got a an invitation. Um, I I
know you weren't one because they would
never invite you. [laughter]
&gt;&gt; That's true.
&gt;&gt; That's true. And they certainly didn't
invite me. And in fact, Brian, they went
one step further. If if the if the
information is true, they went one step
further and they told the people that
got the invites that they couldn't have
a influencer as their plus one.
&gt;&gt; Yes. The verbiage was no content
creators. Your plus one cannot be a
content creator. Which of course has no
strict definition. Um it was Jim the
Iowa Tesla guy said, "How do you think
they're going to enforce it?" And I
said, "Inconsistently."
Yeah. [laughter] So, it's it's you know,
it's very strange to me that you would
have an event for the sake of publicity
and then restrict it uh from people who
do that. Uh there were some very weird
exclusions.
Justin, the bearded Tesla guy, didn't
get an invite. It's very strange. A
handful of people that I thought would
get an invite didn't. Uh and also I
didn't get an invite, which of course,
why would I? I don't know. I don't know.
I have no answer to that. But a lot of
the people I know who are going as plus
ones would in my book absolutely
qualify.
&gt;&gt; Well, no. I don't have a YouTube
channel. Well, right. But you have
80,000 followers on X. You get paid by
X. I I don't know what else you would be
if not a con content creator. But hey,
it's they're
&gt;&gt; being weird. It's fine. Uh, yes.
&gt;&gt; It makes me It makes me wonder,
&gt;&gt; you know, when companies have a finished
product, they're happy to show it to me.
When they have an unfinished product,
&gt;&gt; they go to great lengths to keep me
away. Rivian's happy to show me the R1S,
&gt;&gt; but they will not show me the R2.
&gt;&gt; Uh, so yeah,
&gt;&gt; I don't know. I don't know. It's kind of
weird.
&gt;&gt; Well, at least we'll see. We'll find
out. We'll find out in two weeks what
the Cyber Cab show is all about. We know
that there's going to be uh Tesla
employees who will be riding the cyber
caps prior to that event. And then at
the event and from the day of the event,
theoretically the the regular public
will be able to take a cyber cab, not
just a robo taxi. As I told somebody the
other day, a cyber cab is a robo taxi,
but a robo taxi isn't always a cyber
cab.
&gt;&gt; Right? The ven diagram is a big circle
for robo taxi and the cyber cab is a
smaller circle within it. Uh you know
it's the bullseye of the dart board if
you will.
&gt;&gt; So uh
&gt;&gt; now the last thing of course we need to
talk about is all of this is based on
FSD. FSD as you know Randy can't work
and will never work and has never
worked. Except I get this weird feeling
that maybe you or I use it all the time,
like constantly without critical
interventions. But it's not just us, is
it? Have you seen any videos of people
going tremendous distances without a
disengagement?
&gt;&gt; Some guy boss, I forget. I you know so
yeah he's you know traversed the country
and the continent and I don't know what
you know is crisscrossing and going all
these places. I forget how many thousand
tens tens and tens of thousands of miles
he's racked up now.
&gt;&gt; His first run was I want to say 11 or
12,000 miles. His current run is over
25,000 miles last I heard. Uh this is
huge. Uh, and we're seeing more
influencer videos. I know you've been
covering this both on X and elsewhere.
Uh, but there are people who, uh, show
off the new thing. There are people who
show off the new thing and say, "Look,
uh, we need to there are people who've
been showing videos of their first
experience in a Tesla and they are uh,
let's be honest, not paying attention,
not paying attention to the road at all.
So, what they're doing is uh pay
attention to the camera. For folks out
there, please don't do that, but they're
not crashing, and that's consistent with
my experience as well. Thoughts on that?
&gt;&gt; So, um yeah, some of the influencers are
are are pretty unique, too. I saw one
the other day where uh there was three
granny, I think it was Sawyer Merittz,
some of his friends, maybe his mother.
Uh all three passengers were either late
80s or early 90s uh and they were all
very thrilled with what FSD was doing.
There was another one where there was a
blind guy and he was uh taking his first
ride in a robo taxi. Um and I don't know
that he was uh or not a robot taxi
rather in a FSD uh outfitted vehicle.
Oh, and he and he was commenting you
know what this was going to mean for him
when it was truly unsupervised. It's
exciting and the reality is we're there.
I mean, I'm glad that we're going with a
slow and steady approach. The pickups
and drop offs are terrible still
apparently. I haven't had experience
with that. Uh when I've ridden robo taxi
in Austin, the pickups and drop offs
were fine, but I know that's not
universal. I know that others have not
had that experience. So, uh, the thing
is there are billions of miles of
driving training, but really no miles of
pickup and drop off training. We don't
have the data yet, but I think that will
come along quickly and especially if
there's a way to report a, you know,
room for improvement, pickup or drop
off. I think that would be valuable. Uh,
so yeah, Randy, I want to thank you for
coming on and, uh, harassing me. No,
that didn't happen. Uh, but neither did
any of the premises of the story in the
first place. CyberCap being uh
impossible. CyberCap. Uh, I just love
that it rolled out so far and wide. I
mean, we can see it sitting there
waiting. It's been deployed to the
field. It just hasn't been activated.
And all these knuckleheads going, "What
a joke. It's never coming, guys. That's
not how it works." Uh, so anyway, thank
you for coming on chat. And guys, check
out Brandon's channel. find out what
he's been up to. I've been on the road,
so I've caught fewer of his videos than
usual. Uh, but you know, you win some,
you lose some, I suppose. So, what do we
miss? What do we misunderstand? Leave it
in them comments below. And everyone
else, like, subscribe, and stay tuned.
Stay juicy. And I cannot wait to hear
from you clever robots in Nepal. If
you're here, I mean, you got to let me