Channel:     futureaza
Title:       Tesla Stock Set For Violent Move Now
URL:         https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nlxWJZBpE_4
Published:   2026-04-21 12:00 UTC
Fetched:     2026-04-21 13:00 UTC

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Wednesday is the earnings call. Is Tesla
stock going to pop or drop or kind of
fluctuate around? Is this a good time to
buy or the best time to sell? We don't
know. But we have some thoughts on the
matter. I'm joined by Randy Kirk who is
going to bestow upon us his market
wisdom. I'm Brian. Welcome to Futuraza.
You laugh, but you know I, as you know,
I do not dedicate my mental energy to
trying to understand the chaotic storm
that is the stock market. I look at the
value prospects of a business long-term
and I make my decisions accordingly. I
have even been right twice, three times.
I've done okay, maybe a few more than
that. So Randy, I don't know if you
heard the exciting news, but low this
weekend. Uh we're going to be or this
Wednesday, tomorrow, as of this show
coming out. Tesla will report earnings.
Here's how much it's expected to move.
Now, no one knows which direction it's
going to move. We've all guessed before
and we've all guessed wrong sometimes.
What are your thoughts on the earnings,
the consensus, and where we're actually
going to what movement we might actually
see? So I am not expecting a beat this
time. Although it also depends on what
number you're looking at. So kind of the
consensus number that Tesla put out I
think was 23 cents. Other people were
talking 33 cents 32 cents. I haven't
seen much under 23 cents. So I'm not
sure
&gt;&gt; oh wow
&gt;&gt; where those under 23 censuses are coming
from but I'm not sure where that 23
cents is even going to come from because
we just you know it wasn't a very good
quarter in terms of the things that we
already know. Um, so but I haven't done
any math. I mean, I'm just this is like
&gt;&gt; automotive had a not very great quarter,
&gt;&gt; right?
&gt;&gt; Uh, energy deployments now. They
produced a bunch, but deployments were
down. Uh, ZEV credits are likely
contracting. They still exist, but they
are contracting rapidly, we expect. And
capex is on the move. It is going up.
Yeah,
&gt;&gt; we expect to see bigger numbers on
capex, not bigger numbers on opex, but
uh lot of money going into R&amp;D.
&gt;&gt; I think are they going to get the big
gains in the insurance business?
&gt;&gt; Do you see cash flow going up or down?
&gt;&gt; Down because we had those 50,000
vehicles that were probably being
shipped out of Shanghai to various ports
because we saw a huge increase in the
number of exports out of Shanghai,
especially for a third week. I mean for
a third month out of the quarter
typically those are more domestic. This
time there was a ton that were being
shipped. So I think there was uh uh some
overhang from that. Uh there might have
been a little bit of a build uh because
Tesla in in Texas was shutting down for
a couple of weeks
&gt;&gt; or retool it for you know whatever they
do when they shut down. So they might
have built a little bit of extra
inventory at the end of the first
quarter in order to anticipate that two
weeks of of not producing. So yeah, I
expect I expect that we could have
negative cash flow. I think that's
probably a likelihood.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, a thing we could expect to see is
if Tesla did build up their inventory in
Q1, well, uh, EV demand has picked up a
little earlier this year in Q2. we could
see that inventory being drawn down
again uh because people have remembered
that oh yeah gas prices can sometimes
unexpectedly climb a lot which changes
the financials a bit. Do you think in Q2
we might see that?
&gt;&gt; Oh yeah. know, I'm expecting a decent Q2
if for no other reason than the gasoline
prices, but also at some point, as you
and I discussed on my show the other
day, uh at some point you've got to get
the other part of the lump because if
you got lumpiness down, you got to have
lumpiness up.
&gt;&gt; Um there, you know, so uh what what goes
down must go up.
&gt;&gt; Yes. And when you look at hills and
valleys, they continue. But if you what
you want is a valley that just keeps
going down, that is appropriately called
death valley. And we know this is not
death valley,
&gt;&gt; right?
&gt;&gt; I know this is not death valley. I have
absolute confidence in that. Uh the
people saying Tesla should go to zero
and I say why? And they say because I
hate Elon that much. And I said but
there's a 100,000 people plus that work
there. There's entire people's
retirements that depend on it. And if
the stock went to zero, Elon would only
be the richest person alive.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Other than that, what a good idea.
&gt;&gt; Other than that, it's just it's like
you're not thinking it through. In terms
of additional considerations, I had one
to a couple to to to ask you about. This
one is to me a little bit hysterical and
hilarious. SpaceX bought nearly 20% of
Tesla's Cyber Trucks in Q4.
So we're talking
uh one 10 1% onethird of 1% of the total
vehicles sold were sold to SpaceX. The
reason this is worth mentioning is
because those aren't recurring sales
that you can count on. You buy the
trucks, you will keep the trucks for a
period of time enough that we don't need
to think about it again. SpaceX could
add some more in the future, but I think
they have enough that we should just
assume that number is within a rounding
error of zero.
What, Brandy, what would happen if
Tesla's sales collapsed by onethird of
1%.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. So, I think, you know, it's
another one of those situations where
you've got a a one-time sale, which is
fine. I think that a lot of the
headlines on this was kind of suggesting
titan or some kind of you know uh
&gt;&gt; oh sure
&gt;&gt; you know this is the only way they were
able to do you know even that small
number of cybert truck and I think it
was Elon somebody responded to it the
other day and said look it's the best
car in the world anybody that's driving
it Larry Goldberg says you know he's had
Rolls-Royces Jaguars Cadillacs Mercedes
Audi's he's had all the best cars you
could ever buy. And he says he his daily
driver is a Cybert truck because why?
Oh, it's the best car he's ever driven.
So, if you're going to buy a car X and
SLT truck, uh because you need it for
your business, um this would be the
ideal product to buy. So, that's that it
makes total sense.
&gt;&gt; Absolutely. And if you look at people
who've driven really nice cars, I've
I've driven Lexus, I've driven Mercedes,
BMW, a 2005 Kia, Sarrento. I know a good
car when I see them. And if your fleet
needs something that's capable, think of
how much uh remote power they can
provide for welders and compressors and
anything they need somewhere within
their properties where there isn't
power. And by the way, there's only
power back at the building. You guys,
this is a good tool for the job. And
it's a tiny tiny sliver. So, if we're
sharing tiny slivers, let's talk about
the other side of it. Did you hear they
could triple the number of restaurants
they have?
&gt;&gt; Well, I'm I'm guessing I don't know. I'm
I'm beginning to believe that maybe
they're going to have a lot, but they
could have a lot a lot. They could have
a lot a lot a lot a lot and it still
wouldn't be a rounding air on their
insurance business.
&gt;&gt; Oh, yes. Yes. pick pick a division of
the company. I think the the seats are a
bigger business than the diner. And by
the way, I do have some insight on the
diner. I met the site manager. Oh, great
guy. Because, you know, we were hosting
a private event at the LA Diner last
week
&gt;&gt; and uh what I found out is Tesla doesn't
operate the diner.
&gt;&gt; Oh, okay. Yeah. It's third party which
means the limit to expansion is your
imagination
&gt;&gt; right
&gt;&gt; because you can find companies that are
very good at running a franchise. I mean
it really is a franchise at that point.
Now there is a saturation point. I think
more than five in the US uh would
tarnish the exclusivity and appeal a bit
but I mean anything under 10 I think
you're still okay. and then go
international. I know Europe would love
to have one. I'm sure China would love
to have one. Why not?
&gt;&gt; So, I know so I know a little bit about
this because my kid worked at In-N-Out
for a while. And so, a really really
good In-N-Out does about five million in
sales. So, I'm going to guess that
they're not going to do as good as a top
top top In-N-Out. Um, so if it but let's
just give it a five million.
So, you know, if they had a hundred of
them,
&gt;&gt; you'd be talking about a half a billion,
I mean, it's really going to be hard to
get to a number that's going to be
impressive,
&gt;&gt; right? Well, what you'd need is you'd
say 5 million times 10 properties over
10 years is a half a billion,
&gt;&gt; right?
&gt;&gt; But the thing is, the burgers cost a bit
more at the Tesla diner. So, to hit 5
million, they'd need to sell what, five
burgers. I'm not sure if my math is
right. It might be a little It might be
a little higher than that, but I I can't
say for sure.
&gt;&gt; I saw a picture of a of a really I saw a
picture of this really good looking new
sandwich that they're making, though.
&gt;&gt; Um I'm not I
&gt;&gt; The Tesla D.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Yeah.
&gt;&gt; Did you see that when you were there?
&gt;&gt; I Well, I we had a custom menu. They
would just walk around and give us
stuff. So, we had all kinds of mini
sliders that are taste exactly like the
&gt;&gt; the burgers and we had, you know, fries
and
&gt;&gt; hot dogs. I didn't try the hot dogs. I'm
told they were very good. Uh, but what I
wanted to do next is share just this
brief moment of nostalgia
is if you look at this video after
Tuesday, and I don't know if you want to
do that, this is what the share price
was on Tuesday as of recording. And if
that's if that's good, then I mean I
don't know. You can tell me how you feel
Wednesday. Tell me Thursday how this
number looks. Do you get nostalgic in a
good way or a bad way? We'll find out.
And then uh the last thing I wanted to
share was this one. High gas prices are
boosting EV sales around the world. Will
the US be left out? So, what do you
think is uh is the US going to see a
boom over the next quarter or two due to
high oil prices?
&gt;&gt; Oh, I Oh, I think there's already every
evidence that there that we're seeing
more sales of Teslas in the United
States right now because the oil prices.
Um, now you got to remember that
every state is different on this. So, in
California, we have oil prices in the
area of 78 dollars. Now, you probably do
in Oregon and Washington as well. Um,
not seven or eight, but maybe six, five
and a half or six. But, you know, other
parts of the country when the price of
oil goes when the price of gasoline goes
up, it goes up to $4, you know, so it's
like so much lower than it is on the
coast.
&gt;&gt; So, um, it's not enough a lot of times
to really get people out to make a
decision, but no, it's it's everything
in the margin is good. And so, I think
we will see. I think we'll see that by
the end of the second quarter, we are
out of cars and we will probably have a
record a record second quarter
&gt;&gt; because it's true. I've seen people
really up in arms about $4 gas and I
think $4 in Washington. The last time I
looked it was over five. I don't
remember. In California, I've seen
anywhere from the sixes to one place I
saw it like seven and a half. And I
thought that's that's got to be fresh,
locally sourced artisal gasoline uh for
that price. Uh hope hopefully. I don't I
don't know how it works. I'm sure it's
just good stuff. I know there's one
place in uh near Universal City kind of
where a bunch of rich people live and at
the bottom of the hill there's one gas
station and it's always like $9 a
gallon. Hey, if you don't want it, don't
buy it. Go somewhere farther away with
the riff raff.
&gt;&gt; When you cross when you cross into the
city line into Pasadena
out of Aladena or South Pasadena, when
you cross the city line, it goes up like
20 cents. when you cross the city line
into Santa Monica, it goes up like 20
cents. So, and and there's no taxes or
anything that's causing that. It's just
property values andor, you know, they
can get it. I don't know. But those are
the two cities around here that are
shockingly where you just it's just like
obvious as soon as you cross the city
line.
&gt;&gt; Well, you can drive out farther to get
cheaper gas. I mean, just keep going. Go
to Idaho, go to Mont, go to go to
western uh Wyoming. You'll find some
crazy deals on gas out there, but you
know, who's got time for all that? Uh
so, any last considerations we should
have in mind for the earnings tomorrow,
Wednesday, uh as we go into it?
&gt;&gt; Yeah. No, I thought that this week was
going to be really uh really hard to
call. I mean, I did call on last week. I
called that we would hit uh 400 by
Friday or early this week. We did hit
401 on Friday, so I got that one right.
Now we, as you pointed out, we're back
down to 392 this morning. I think that's
war related. Uh there's a lot of concern
about whether we're going to start it up
again or whether there's going to be a
decision to stop it permanently. Um when
that's lifted off the macro, I think
then the macro climbs and Tesla will
climb with it. But then there's the
earnings call. So after this big runup
that we've had, there are people that
may be thinking, oh, I'm going to trim a
little bit of that before we get into
earnings. So that could impact it. Then
we had the great catalysts over the
weekend of two new cities opening up. So
there was a lot of there was a lot of
good. It's kind of hard to I you felt
much more comfortable predicting last
week what it would be by the end of the
week than I do right now predicting
Thursday. Oh, and this morning they came
out with the predictions with regard to
the earnings call and the the call the
call options kind of predict it. You see
the range on the call options and
they're saying it'll be 6% up or 6%
down.
&gt;&gt; That's good to know. Now, the show isn't
quite over yet. Guys, don't leave just
yet. I do want to say that uh first I'm
going to say that uh we've got this
event this weekend. Come check it out.
Get a ride in an e Cascadia. Yes, we
have uh dealt with the folks at uh
Daimler Truck North America where the
event is being held. It is the drive
week this Sunday, April 26th. Come in at
10:00, get a ride. We're going to have
test drives from all different brands.
We're going to have if you register for
the event, you get a ticket for free
lunch from one of the food trucks, guys.
How do you beat that? And then what
else? you got uh you know presentations
from clowns like me, I'll be there. I
will probably not wear the face paint,
but I mean if I get enough requests, I
mean, who am I to say no, right? Uh and
I will mention that I am not doing a uh
earnings call live stream tomorrow. Um
my numbers on those are terrible. Uh it
is just not worth the time. I'm going to
be heading to Electric Era. They have an
open house from 2:00 to 5:00 p.m. with a
barbecue. Again, guys, I'm feeding you.
Just come out and say hello. I'll be at
that. And uh who knows, man. Uh so, uh
that said, uh I think that's probably
enough. Let me make sure I didn't miss
any slides. I did not. Okay. So, what
did I miss? What did I misunderstand?
Leave it. I beg of you and everybody
else uh stay tuned. Stay juicy. And I
cannot wait to hear from you clever
robots when you join me over on Ry's
channel where I appear. No fewer than
twice a week. Madness, right? I don't
know, man.