Channel:     brighterwithherbert
Title:       Why Tesla Investors Should Be Watching SpaceX
URL:         https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HiACCHpQkqc
Published:   2026-05-04 13:30 UTC
Fetched:     2026-05-04 14:00 UTC

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

If you only watch Tesla, you're only
seeing half the picture. You should
watch SpaceX closely and their shared
stack. Wall Street treats SpaceX and
Tesla as separate companies, but they're
not really anymore. In some ways,
they're already sharing the same
engineers, the same materials, the same
factories, and the same chips. SpaceX
just revealed they've started building a
solar factory in Texas. Elon Musk said
SpaceX and Tesla are each targeting 100
gawatts per year of US solar cell
manufacturing within 3 years. Combined,
that's 200 gigawatts per year. For
context, the entire US solar industry
installed about 50 gigawatts in 2024.
Lesson learned in Bastrop will flow into
Tesla's solar road map. Tesla's already
working very closely with SpaceX on
Terraab for chips, solar, as just
described. Compute via dojo and future
orbital data centers, batteries,
materials, and motors. When you own
Tesla, you're indirectly riding SpaceX
manufacturing curve and vice versa. The
best person for us to talk to today is
Larry Goldberg. He's a serial
entrepreneur, has been an active venture
capital investor for the last decade.
Check out lumicente.com.
Thank you so much, Larry. Appreciate you
joining me today.
&gt;&gt; Great to be here.
&gt;&gt; And see your favorite topic. I love
talking about it too. Yeah. SpaceX
&gt;&gt; and Tesla. And SpaceX specifically just
launched and I'll share this the new
solar factory. But I want you to explain
to Tesla investors why they should be
following SpaceX a lot more closely than
many of them are.
&gt;&gt; Well, you know, Tesla is really
dependent upon energy production, energy
storage and energy usage in their
vehicles and very shortly, even more
importantly, in their robots. So energy
is central to Tesla's mission and it's
central to what Tesla does. And you know
Tesla had an a fairly
poor record in solar cell production um
and largely because China has done such
a great job in bringing down the cost of
solar cell manufacturer dramatically. M
&gt;&gt; but there's a new sheriff in town in you
know in solar cell production and it's
called pirofkite
if I'm pronouncing it correctly and
automated production high efficiency
silicon there are a whole lot of
technology changes that are taking place
even now and and they include things
like you know vertical integration
um automated and you know this
production of these very the the ability
to print solar cells. So, we're reaching
a point where solar production could
really become
practical on in the US
mainland and we could get off this, you
know, this terrible
habit we've we've developed of buying
from China for no good reason other than
they actually do develop manufacturing
very Well, so if you think about the
demand for this solar cell, um really
the biggest demand that's going to come
down the pike is SpaceX's demand. Why?
Because SpaceX is trying to put data is
already putting communication satellites
in huge quantities, larger, you know,
100x the quantities that anybody's put
them up before. And they all use solar
cells. And guess what? To put compute
into the sky, to put data centers into
the sky, they're going to use many, many
more times the amount of energy. And
they're going to have and they're even
more sensitive to the cost of the solar
because of the amount of energy that
data uh satellites are going to demand.
So if you add this all up, SpaceX is
kind of taking the lead in the demand
and need for solar cells, but that feeds
directly into Tesla's domain and its
requirement. So you know, this speaks
exactly to, you know, this cause that
I've been celebrating, my core c my my,
you know, my theme. The two are not
they're not two. The two are one. They
they they both need this evolution. They
both need the same technology. And
SpaceX has developed this incredible
facility for manufacturing electronic
equipment. I mean, we should do a
separate issue on the production of
Bassrop in way of terminals. It's
incredible.
you know, they're about to hit some I I
don't want to talk about it now. We can
talk about a little bit later closer to
the, you know, to the S1 becoming
public, but the level of production at
Bassrop is staggering in terms of
terminals. Just plain terminals. This is
high techch devices is what separates
Tesla from sorry SpaceX,
Starling from all the others, not even
the satellites, the terminals. So SpaceX
is really really pioneering high
quality, high-speed production of tiny
electronic components, automated
production at very high volumes. They're
beating the Chinese at their own game.
And now they're taking on what? Solar
cells. And that's going to directly
impact Tesla. that is going to feed
Tesla's manufacturing plant and it's
going to put Tesla in the forefront of
solar manufacturing. SpaceX is not going
to go into the sale of solar cells.
That's Tesla's domain and Tesla's going
to integrate that into the home into the
industry for their robots. And so we're
going to and in of course into their
data centers on the ground. So, so we're
looking at this, you know, absolute feed
of the one to the other. And there's no
way Tesla could have had that volume of
the number of cells that SpaceX is
aiming for. And there's no way so SpaceX
could have the kind of volume that
SpaceX could achieve once we see, you
know, the the robots roll out. So we're
looking at, you know, an absolute
perfect fit between SpaceX and Tesla.
Does that help understand the the issue?
&gt;&gt; That's exactly the conversation we're
having and that's just one thing. So the
point I want to make is that you said it
just earlier that Wall Street is
treating these as separate companies.
Many Tesla investors are treating them
as separate companies. They are, but in
many ways they're not. And their futures
tied together. They actually have the
same engineers. So this is u one of the
thesis is that it's one stack. Why Tesla
and SpaceX are really the same um
company. One thing I didn't realize is
there's actually same engineer, same
materials, same factory, same chips. Dr.
Charles Khman is vice president of
materials engineering for both
companies. So the same steel that
they're using on the Starship is on the
Cybertruck as we know that Dragons and
Falcons. They've used Tesla's batteries.
Starship uses Tesla's motors for the
flap actuators. Those are just examples.
But um I thought this was great. This
person said, "How can you look at this
and still doubt SpaceX? They're on a
whole different level for rocket
manufacturing never seen before." This
person standing in front of all of these
frigin rockets.
&gt;&gt; That person happens to be happens to
head up the manufacturing of those
motors.
&gt;&gt; The most I mean these are the most
efficient rocket motors on Earth. The
finest ever made. Yeah.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Just throw me
&gt;&gt; Elon said, "Wait until you see what's
coming."
&gt;&gt; That's what Elon said himself. Oh my
god. Gorgeous. Um and then uh Yeah. So
the 100 gawatts, this is what Elon had
mentioned. And when he said this, he
talked about how the goal is the US will
produce 100 gatt hour watts per year
over the next three years and SpaceX 2.
So both of them are individually
creating this and I wanted to ask you
why but that's 200 gawatt. Let's listen
to uh Elon explain it.
&gt;&gt; China makes almost all the solar.
&gt;&gt; What would it take for Europe or the US
to build it commercially if it's that
scale?
&gt;&gt; Well, I can tell you what what we're
going to do, you know, SpaceX and Tesla
was is we're we're building up um large
scale solar,
&gt;&gt; right? So the SpaceX and Tesla teams
both separately are working to build to
100 gawatts a year of solar power in the
US of manufactured solar power and um
that'll probably take us I don't know
about 3 years or something but this
that's these are pretty big numbers.
&gt;&gt; Mhm.
&gt;&gt; Um and um you know I'd encourage others
to do the same.
&gt;&gt; So he said separately doing it but why
why is he doing it this way? Why are
each both individually doing 100
gigawatts? Well, you know, there is
actually um some logic to it in the
sense that the solar cells that SpaceX
are building off are for a different use
case than the solar cells Tesla
building. So Tesla are building for
earthbound
solar cells for roofs, industrial roofs
and household roofs. Tesla are building
it for um space-based
uh solar and space-based solar is a
whole different ball game, different
materials
um and and different form factors and
different considerations. Solar cells in
space have to roll up into very small um
roles for launch. they have to have a
different set of requirements in terms
of the the the
um their surrounding, you know,
host. Um and and it's very different for
the level of uh sunlight that they're
going to receive
in space versus on Earth. So there's a
whole lot of qualities that differ
between the space and earth. And so they
they actually are different chemical
formulas,
different coatings and so on and so
forth. But but the underlying cell could
be very similar or could be a branch of
the same. But the chemists and the
formula the formularies are created by
people who may be in common. Ju just you
know if you look at uh the the um the
the guy you mentioned who's the head of
uh me mythology at at Tesla and at
SpaceX. They share the same you know the
the the solar is going to share the same
science. So it's going to be a shared
function. If not a shared function, then
they will certainly share information a
great deal.
&gt;&gt; Okay. I didn't I actually didn't think
of that way that solars are different uh
in space and and on Earth. past and
maybe it may well be that the actual um
active ingredients are very similar if
not the same
&gt;&gt; but it's the coatings and it is the um
the the film that they rest upon and you
know if you think about solar on earth
you're thinking about a very static
object if you think of solar in space
you have to have an object that can roll
into a very very small bundle and then
be unrolled and and and you know you
could never have something like that on
Earth because of the atmosphere and
because of you know weather. So it it
it's a different product and a different
form factor and a different use case.
And so when you're manufacturing in very
high volume, you're manufacturing to
that, you know, particular form factor
particular and all of that. And that's
why they're two different factories, but
they're going to use very similar
chemistry and they're going to use very
similar codings and they're going to
share a lot of knowledge and information
and experience. Thank goodness that they
do. So in the case of solar, it looks
like that uh Tesla started first, but
then Bastrop is going to create the new
solar cell factory. Of course, Tesla
will learn from that and vice versa.
Tesla started with a research fab for
the terra fab and then SpaceX will take
over. So they will each learn from each
other. Here's Bastrop SpaceX new solar
cell factory. This is brand new
information. Thank you to SE Robinson.
He called it he says it's SpaceX solar
factory per this Noah who's the SpaceX
director of solar production. He says
SpaceX is constructing one of the
world's most advanced solar cell
factories in Bastrop Texas. hands-on
ownership of utilities, process
equipment, clean room systems, and
reliability programs during building
commissioning, highintensity on-site,
not a 9 to5. He's trying to hire people.
So, this is Noah Kohl's looking to hire
people, uh, facilities engineer, ser
senior facilities engineer to start
building. Here is screenshots. Thank you
to SC Robinson to show us this of the
solar factory. So, it looks like it's
already officially started. 157,000t
parking garage on the north end of
Starlink factory. Construction of for
what I still believe to be the solar
factory on the south end has progressed
a lot. And uh here is all of his photos.
So things are moving forward. They move
fast, man. They really
&gt;&gt; I was there when the ground was being
cleared almost a year ago um for both of
these structures. And um at the time
this the uh terminal factory the factory
that manufactures the terminals were was
in production and the extended area the
expanded area of it was about about to
be go into production. It is a massive
massive factory that stalling factory uh
stling terminal factory it's gigantic.
Nobody has a sense of the scale of it,
but I'll tell you the scale of it
shocked me because, you know, we'd all
thought that, you know, Giga Texas was
big factory, the main car, but man, this
is something else. And here's the
amazing thing. The the intensity of
employees, the number of employees per
square foot seems to be like a tenth of
what uh gig of Texas is. So, it's much
much more automated. Even if you can't
walk into the factory, you already sense
just how automated it is by the the
relative size of the of the car park.
Now they're building a a
actual car park uh you know a
multi-story car park. They have to
because this new factory they're
building is going to be gigantic.
&gt;&gt; It's going to be gigantic. going to be
highly automated and I think it's going
to be kind of the it's going to be the
pioneer or the the you know the the
forerunner of what's going to come in
Buffalo now. I'm sure in Buffalo they've
been building, you know, energy products
for years now. Actually, probably almost
10 years now. So, they're very
experienced in it. But, but I imagine
that they're getting all new equipment
and all new, you know, product uh
formularies. So, we'll see. It's going
to be very interesting.
&gt;&gt; And this is what's happening in Buffalo
right now. Uh Tesla solar, that's where
it is. But uh remember a few months ago
they actually added 350 Buffalo jobs as
solar panel production begins. They
hired uh they invested 350 million in
supercomputers on the site and has also
finally started manufacturing solar
panels at the site. And then uh they're
scaling up the gig in New York factory
too to that 300 megawatt per year. So
things are also happening there but they
are looks like that they are behind.
&gt;&gt; You know I scratched my head about that
level of production. I don't know that
Buffalo's large enough for that, but
&gt;&gt; right,
&gt;&gt; who knows? We'll see. I mean, they they
actually they they have the capability
of expanding it. By the way,
&gt;&gt; that is what I was going to say. That's
very good that uh this is just the
beginning. And so, I think that that is
a catalyst we're going to see. There's
probably going to be another
announcement that is going to be bigger
than this, right? It's just not going to
be enough.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; To to build what they need.
&gt;&gt; We're definitely looking at a different
product to what has ever been made. I
mean on every dimension it's different.
You know the Tesla cells used to be you
know six six zones. They're going to 18
zones now. I mean there is almost no
relationship between what they're going
to be manufacturing and what they've
manufactured in the past. So we're going
to see a revolution in Tesla solar
cells. And it has to come because we
have to take the leadership away from
China. It's absolutely vital.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, exactly. It's uh that's another
big topic right there. So, Terraab, we
already know this and we've covered this
in detail. The joint chip fab between
Tesla and SpaceX. They're working
together and uh Elon, remember this? He
announced this in March. I mean, this is
it feels like a decade ago, but it look
turns out it's only a month ago.
&gt;&gt; Yeah,
&gt;&gt; it was just been a month. Is that funny?
Well, you and I were both at the uh at
the shareholders meeting and at that
shareholders meeting
&gt;&gt; he gave us a broad enough hint that we
all kind of assumed this is where we
were going.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; But you know it took several months for
him to really nail it and and to get the
the plans done. But u you know here this
is the vital reason why these companies
are going to merge. This is the vital
reason. This is going to be one of the
biggest projects that Elon has ever
undertaken. It is the biggest project
that Elon has ever undertaken, including
Starship, including uh Optimus,
including everything.
&gt;&gt; And and it's going to take both
companies. It's going to take both
companies working in lock step as a
single unit to a able to produce and
deliver this product, this fact.
&gt;&gt; Wow. Okay. I mean, so first of all, he
did say it's jointly by SpaceX and
Tesla. And he goes, "The goal is to
produce over a terowatt of compute per
year, logic, memory, and packaging,
which is not done before, all in one
place with 80% for space and 20% for the
ground." So, it's a joint project
between the two. And then they announced
the terra fab as well. Um, yeah, here's
him talking about the need for AI, the
space data centers,
&gt;&gt; putting large satellites into into
space, very low, very, very cheap. Um,
and then when you have solar in space,
you you get uh five times more
effectiveness, maybe even more than
that, than solar on the ground
&gt;&gt; because it's it's always sunny. It's
&gt;&gt; cold.
&gt;&gt; It Yeah, it's it's it's always well,
it's always sunny. So, you don't have a
dayight cycle or seasonality, right,
&gt;&gt; or weather.
&gt;&gt; Um, and you get about uh 30% more power
in space uh because uh you don't have
atmospheric attenuation of the power,
&gt;&gt; right? The net effect is solar is five
times more uh any given solar panel will
do five times more uh energy in space
than uh on the ground.
&gt;&gt; Is there any capacity in doing that and
and then taking that power and bringing
it back to earth? Is there any way of
doing that or or you're just taking that
power and utilizing it for the needs
like building um
u AI data centers in the space? I I I
think the the case it's it's a
no-brainer for building uh AI solar
powered AI data centers in space. Um
because as you mentioned it's it's also
very cold in space. If you're if you're
if you're in the shadow uh then it's
it's very cold in space just 3° Kelvin.
So you just have you have solar panels
facing the sun and then uh a uh radiator
that's like point like pointed away from
the sun. Um so it has no sun incident
and then it's and then it's just
cooling. It's a very efficient cooling
system. So,
uh, net net effect is that the lowest
cost place to put AI will be space and
and that'll be true within two years,
maybe three, three at the latest.
&gt;&gt; Wow.
&gt;&gt; So, Larry, uh, when we're talking about
orbital data centers, um, a lot of Tesla
investors, I don't know if they
understand how significant this is for
Tesla. Uh Brian Wang has told me that in
a data center 80% of the cost of the
data center is the chips and they're
going to be putting the AI the chips you
know that that Tesla's making uh and of
course eventually the Terrafab chips but
most of the chips is 80% of the cost and
so Tesla is going to be one of the big
beneficiaries of doing AI data center
space let alone the compute.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Well,
the operating cost,
you know, energy is a a very large
component of the operating cost of the
investment. The the chip is the central
component of the investment. So when
you've got a chip that is central to
your cost to your investment and you've
got energy that is central to your cost
to bring down your investment and to
bring down your cost of operation you
need a chip you manufacture and design
for that function for that application
for that use case and you need to use
solar in the sky because it's you know
five times more efficient than solar on
earth so It's quite clear that
getting if you have a satellite doing
your your
data operations, doing your compute,
you're in the best possible world. The
problem is the cost of getting it up
there,
&gt;&gt; right? The cost of getting it up there
currently is out of all proportion
because at the cost of getting it up
there and it only is going to live up
there for between 3 and 5 years before
you have to replace it. So the cost of
getting it up there is central to the
issue
of whether it is you know economic or
not. Well, what makes it economic is
Starship.
you know, Falcon 9 is going to fal the
cost of getting it up to Fal using
Falcon 9 is about
20% of the cost of getting it up any
other way by any other uh means at all.
So Falcon 9 is a fifth of the cost of
all the other rockets that you can use
with the exception of what will become
New Glenn. then it's only about it's
it's less than uh New Glenn for the kind
of loads they're carrying. But if you
were to carry the full load of New
Glenn, New Glenn would be cheaper. But
it's still not sufficiently low enough.
It's when you get to Starship and you
get full reuse that blows the case right
out of the water in terms of, you know,
acceptability because it's going to
reduce the cost by to fractions
fractions of what it's costing them to
launch their satellites right now.
So, they're going to drop from $1,000
a ton to like $30 to $50 a ton. At which
point, it's much cheaper to put them up
in the sky than it is even on Earth.
&gt;&gt; When do you think that's going to
happen?
&gt;&gt; Because of the five times more
efficiency.
So, so the rocket to the the the rocket
the cost of launch is critical and if
you get the cost of launch down then the
cost of running in space is you know
dramatically lower and once your cost
running in space is dramatically lower
then whether you're charging a car
whether you're charging Optimus or
whether you're um you know running
AI in your car or you're running AI in
your Optimus or you're running AI in a
in in your training compute,
it just drops all those costs down quite
dramatically. But beaming energy to the
Earth, you know, I've looked at some
numbers there. It doesn't look like
that's going to be economic for a long
time to come.
&gt;&gt; Okay. So to just summarize here, the
endgame is obviously the orbital data
centers, but that's a long ways to go.
If I'm a Tesla investor today, why
should I care about what SpaceX is doing
this year, next year? Where's the real
&gt;&gt; data centers are not a long way to go?
Orbital data centers are only five or
six years away.
&gt;&gt; Okay. What about the next?
&gt;&gt; That's like that's like an instant in
time.
&gt;&gt; Well, you know, if you're going to
invest,
&gt;&gt; look, data centers are going to be
central to AI. AI is going to be central
to our economy.
data centers drive AI. If that's central
to our economy, then five years to get
to achieve, you know, the power in it's
nothing. It's like it's going to be done
in a flash,
&gt;&gt; right?
&gt;&gt; Think about it. Five years ago, you
know, what were we doing? You know, we
were in that far away.
&gt;&gt; Yodel
Y.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; Five years is nothing. And these will be
it'll be gone in the blink of an eye.
You know, when you're a youngster like
you, five years is just
&gt;&gt; I'm not a youngster, but okay. So, yeah.
So, what what about in the next 5 years
though? Like in the next year or two?
Why should Tesla investors be caring
about what's happening in SpaceX?
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Because it's central to this whole
thesis of, you know, being able to look,
we've got to develop AI 5 and then AI 6
and AI. We got to do Dojo 3. It's
critical to our to our future. And now
we can spread that cost across us Tesla
and SpaceX havinging our investment both
in in in in terms of you know solar
panels but more importantly in terms of
terraab and that's a massive investment.
So, you know, we get two for one.
&gt;&gt; We get a half price.
&gt;&gt; We get this incredible technology which
will transform both our auto business,
our robot taxi business and our humanoid
robot business. It'll transform it and
we're getting it at half price. Why
would we not?
&gt;&gt; I there's a lot of integrations. So,
let's go through them. One, we talked
about chips, uh, AI5 chips, but then
eventually a Teraf app. Those two are
working together already on that. We
just explained what's going on with
solar. Uh Bathrop is already you saw
what's happening there. They already
have solar factories happening. Buffalo
is already doing it. They're working
together. You explained very clearly
what's happening there. Compute. You got
the dojo that they're working together.
&gt;&gt; Design of chips, the implementation of
chips into largecale data centers and
the use of chips and the sale of
inference on those chips to the public.
All of those four are really one
joint venture. Joint venture. Two.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. And then of course the compute
that has created uh both parties
especially XAI but also Tesla will need
them. Dojo and the orbital data centers.
Then you got the batteries, the
materials and the motors. All of this is
actually happening already now between
the two.
&gt;&gt; Um where are you with um I'm pretty sure
I know your answer. SpaceX possibly
merging with Tesla. Are you at 90%? Are
you higher than that?
&gt;&gt; I'm at 101%.
&gt;&gt; I figured.
&gt;&gt; No, I mean it it's just makes so much
sense. All you had to do was listen to
to Elon
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; be prommoning the fact that he's got to
go through all this board min board
agreements and and formal agreements in
order to put one single partnership just
on the terraab together. Think about all
these partnerships. We've talked about
the sharing. Look, they've been sharing
metalology teams up to now. Now, we're
talking about going into the guts of the
key
the key product designs and product road
mapaps for both companies into the
future. You can't do this across
organizational lines. We know this. We
know this so well. Anybody who's been in
high-tech and who's tried to introduce
product that requires multiple different
uh technologies or multiple different
sources of technology understands very
well the problem of trying to matrix
teams together. You can't do it.
&gt;&gt; I am very happy I'm very happy that uh
there's is even on the table that Tesla
and SpaceX will merge in the future. I
think that it's important. I I did not
want Tesla not to be participating uh or
you know the in the AI race uh the data
center race um everything comput solar
everything we're talking about today and
they have the help of SpaceX and the two
together with XAI is becomes a
powerhouse
it's fantastic
&gt;&gt; about the opportunity in management
Gwen Shotwell could be you know
&gt;&gt; we did a show on that one and I'm so
excited for gentle to support Tesla
is so badly needed. Well, no, okay,
let's be clear. Tesla executives are
amazing.
&gt;&gt; Amazing.
&gt;&gt; Badly needed, but
&gt;&gt; it was just a level up.
&gt;&gt; The quality of people in both companies
are nonp peril. You cannot compare that
to any other company. But Gwyn has
proved herself to be, you know, a
incredible lieutenant for uh for Elon
over a very long period of time. and
very challenging in a very challenging
technology. So I'm I'm very excited
about that possibility
and you know
Scott Johnson outstanding CFO. So you
know when you combine the two there's
roles for everybody and there's huge
opportunity for everybody. It it's just
an exciting group of people.
&gt;&gt; Okay. Well that's what I wanted to cover
today is that Tesla investors you can't
just be watching Tesla anymore. You need
to be following SpaceX uh closely. You
give it 101%
chance that they're going to merge
together.
&gt;&gt; It's pretty high.
&gt;&gt; 101%.
&gt;&gt; There you go. You heard it here first.
Thanks everybody.
&gt;&gt; I just will say I don't think the
timing, you know, Alexandra thinks that
the timing is going to be very soon.
&gt;&gt; Yes. Within a year. Within this year.
&gt;&gt; Do you think it's going to be longer?
Okay. It may be announced this year, but
I think it's going to take through to
the middle of next year to actually be
resolved. I there's a lot of work to do.
These are big
&gt;&gt; I think Alexander says the same thing.
It's it's whether or not you think
that's going to be announced this year
that there's going to be SpaceX uh
merging with Tesla this year
announcement and then of course sorry
&gt;&gt; yeah I think it's got to be announced
after the lockup and the lockup is
&gt;&gt; well so so the the normal lockup is and
you know what a lockup means we can
explain to you know the listeners that a
lockup is the period that people who
have been given the stock before the uh
before the IPO or long holders of the
stock are required to hold that stock
for a period of time called the lockup
period after the IPO because you don't
want the stuff you don't want these
shares dumped onto the market at the day
you come into the market because people
have been holding stock so in some
companies like SpaceX for many many many
years
&gt;&gt; and so they want liquidity well 1.7
billion or two trillion or$2 trillion
dollars of stock coming to market on the
same day that would swamp the market. I
mean, they could never handle that.
Never. Not in a million years.
No, no company's ever come to market at,
you know, more than a trillion dollars
in in the past. Now, we're talking about
almost $2 trillion. So the 3-month
lockup or the six-month lockup is not
really practical in this case because
the this is such a large public company,
it's larger than I think 80 90% of the
market. And so if it's coming to market
this size, it has to be part of the
index because the index doesn't mean
anything if that company's not part of
the index. So the the index funds have
to be able to buy enough stock.
So you've got the situation where you
don't want trillion a trillion plus
dollars of stock landing in the market
one day. So you don't even want a single
day that the lockup ends. And you don't
want a lockup that dumps this amount of
stock at any time. So, I believe there's
going to be a rolling
lock up.
&gt;&gt; I see.
&gt;&gt; Where you can start selling,
&gt;&gt; you know, as little as two weeks after a
small percentage,
&gt;&gt; maybe 5%, maybe 2%.
&gt;&gt; And then that that percentage will roll
up larger and larger over a six-month
period.
&gt;&gt; Gotcha.
&gt;&gt; So, there will be a constant stream of
stock coming to market. During that
period,
the price of SpaceX stock is going to be
relatively muted.
Muted to its ultimate value. Why?
Because there's going to be selling
pressure all the period
&gt;&gt; all the time
&gt;&gt; that's going on.
&gt;&gt; Yep. So Tesla owners as they see the
evolution of this relationship will have
plenty of time to see that Tesla stock
roll up
getting closer to the multiples of
SpaceX as the inevitable merger occurs.
So that's my sort of rosy scenario.
&gt;&gt; Gotcha. It won't happen all at once, but
it'll be over six months and uh but
it'll be announced this year. Good to
explain that. Appreciate it. It's uh
this is the big thing, but we should be
following SpaceX now is the goal.
&gt;&gt; Yep.
&gt;&gt; Perfect. Thank you, Larry. Check him out
at his website, lumisenti.com.
Thanks, everybody. I've created a
website that is the most comprehensive
resource for the Tesla investor. Please
check it out. Simply go to my website at
herbalon.com.