Channel:     jobhakdi
Title:       Why Tesla Stock Is Now READY TO RUN
URL:         https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8jKVZYxkqYA
Published:   2026-04-17 17:52 UTC
Fetched:     2026-04-17 19:00 UTC

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

It looks like we are ending the week on
a very high note. A very powerful week,
the best week this year and maybe in a
very long time. So Tesla up an
unbelievable 17%.
The market up dramatically too in this
single week. Look, let's look at this.
We are up 6.79% on the NASDAQ. Like let
that sink in. This is very powerful. The
Iran war is officially over. More or
less. We said that already last week on
Friday that you know we are through this
whole thing and positioned accordingly
on Monday we went all in and just in
time very good stuff and in this video
we are going to cover what happens next
cuz after ready like that a lot of
questions open are we now ready to
consolidate is this all there is is Iran
coming back is Tesla actually continuing
to rise and what about our other key AI
plays from micro strategy in the
blockchain revolution. Let's we will
take a look at them because they
outperformed crazy today to Nvidia, the
semiconductors and some others. We want
to understand where we are at and what
do we do next to maintain our alpha.
Before we do that, it's time for a
update. I neglected you guys a little
bit on Pioneer Reserve. So on the
Pioneer Alpha official
um system where we track everything in
real time, our portfolio. So here is and
we're professionalizing this more and
more. As you can see here, it's looking
pretty good. I will tell you more. You
can go to pioneeralpha.org
by the way to learn more about what's
happening next here. We are
institutionalizing Pioneer Alpha into a
beautiful thing that I will come up with
a video. I will tell you more in a in a
minute. But let's look at the
performance month to date. We are up
12.88% on the portfolio. That compares
to Tesla 4.61% up. So we have an alpha
over Tesla of 8.27%.
And uh for the month, how does it look
like? For the month, a little less
because there was a big drop in between.
We are up for 1 month 4.82%.
Tesla is down. Actually, we'll get to
this in a second. Tesla is still down on
the month 1.68%. We have an alpha over
Tesla of 6.5%.
Year to date, we are actually up 1.62%.
Very proud of that. Tesla is still down
13.52%.
And we have a annual alpha of 15.4 1.4%.
Now, let that sink in a little bit. That
is why I call it Pioneer Alpha. You know
that Tesla is by far our largest core
position. Nvidia is now also significant
but probably net exposure it's probably
15 to 20% of Tesla so way smaller and
micro strategy is uh half of that half
of Nvidia so we are still very Tesla
heavy that is why Tesla is our benchmark
I believe 2026 and 27 will be
transformative years for Tesla but in
difficult times like the Q1 we predict
this very clearly in December that Q1 is
going to be tough that's why we
diversify tried a little bit more into
safer bets like Nvidia and of course
Micro Strategy when Bitcoin bottomed
which was also pretty clear from our
perspective. So that is how it looks
like nice performance. I'm very proud of
that to be honest because it was not
easy as you remember we had the Iran
war. We had Q1 just being terrible for
everyone. Uh and we held up very nicely
on a six. And in these difficult times
like Q1
uh to to drop less, right? It's not
about making money. It's about not
losing as much money as the benchmarks
in our case Tesla. And we did this very
nicely. So I'm very proud of that.
Thanks all of you for following that. It
helps me actually to explain my strategy
every day. explain my thinking from geo
strategy to macroeconomics and
specifically then for our AI stocks. The
reason why this is so important in bad
times to lose less than the benchmarks
is because in good times you're then
much better positioned to take the
upside. And when you go 6 months back
for example, you see what I mean? Over
time, our alpha is just accumulating
very massively
24% alpha over Tesla on a 6 months
basis. And since inception, what's the
latest here? 41% since inception. That
was uh January 1st, 2024. Long-term, we
also doing pretty well. This is not
anticipating by the way today. We are
definitely over 100% now. Today, this is
yesterday's close. Uh these numbers, we
will update this over the weekend. All
in all, pretty nice. Happy we survived
Q1 very nicely and are now positioned
beautifully for what is to come. So,
what is to come? Let's talk about this.
when we go back and look at our favorite
stock Tesla
and use this as an anchor point. Uh what
is happening with Tesla? I said before
and I will repeat that when you look at
the big picture of Tesla 6 months. We
had the peak December what is it 24th
uh but the real peak was I think here
December 16th nearly to the day as the
peak last year in 2024. The peak was
December 17th. I remember that day fat
talk. I know exactly where I was. I was
in Austin in a uh on uh on on the
Christmas shopping mall when I hit this
when I heard this uh stupid speech where
I didn't react fast enough. That was
December 17th, 2024. And last year 2025,
December 16th, we hit this 490 peak
all-time high. Since then, we are down a
lot. And we have to let this sink in a
little bit. We have to let it sink in.
Tesla made tremendous progress. Tesla
actually launched the Cyber Cap mass
production as planned in time. It
released 14.3 even though some people
were disappointed but still it released
it in time. We have now cyber cap
ramping and we have 14.3.
Plus sales are recovering very nicely
across the world including in Europe
very strongly. So semi the semi is
coming up and of course robo taxi. No
one knows when we hit that inflection
point, but I told you guys I think we
can hit it now any day. It can take
another 6 months, but it could also
happen next week that we see
unsupervised robo taxes. And that means
for me, it's very simple what that
means. It means for me Tesla now that we
are super coiled spring run up ready for
the markets, we are ready to go to 490
again to all-time highs without needing
any catalyst for it. That's the
interesting thing. I don't think we need
any catalyst to go to 490. We just need
a market that goes up. Tesla can easily
run all the way to all-time highs
without any catalyst. On top of that, on
top of that, we have a potential cyber
cap robo taxi catalyst. And if that
happens, we will experience a repricing
all the way to 600, 700, 800, whatever
it is, depending on how this scales. So,
we basically have a joker, a call option
on the one side. If that happens, we are
ready to run. But on the other side, we
can just run to 490 without any reason,
which makes it a perfect Goldilocks
moment to go super bullish. Not
investment advice. You guys know your
risk and your margins and everything.
But for me, for Pioneer Alpha, I'm all
in. I'm all in since Monday. I'm
adjusting. I'm in with short puts in the
money. In the money short puts also
through earnings, by the way. I will
hold that through earnings because if it
goes down, that's just a buying
opportunity at this point and it's
probably not going to go down. So, we
get a nice premium. Uh that is the
situation on Tesla. So I'm very very
bullish. I said it on Monday. I said it
on Herbert's show. All in right now. And
very important for beginners, you would
think, oh technically overbought, blah
blah blah. No one cares. This is not
about technically overbought. It's about
we know where the all-time high is. We
know it belongs there. We know the
market is super bullish on a coil
spring. This is the time to not let
loose. And going from 350 to 490
in four weeks or something is not a big
feat for Tesla. It did way crazier
things. And 490 look at this 490. Today
we are up 16 points. So we are 4 days
away from 490 four of these days. So
that is how I see Tesla. What about our
other key positions? When we look at
Nvidia,
I'm less bullish on Nvidia now compared
to Tesla because Nvidia had a crazy run.
Look at this. Literally is up 10%. We
talking Nvidia on a one month level, but
even on a 5day level, 7% for the largest
company on Earth. So, I was very bullish
here. I think Nvidia is in a perfect
position. And this stock can easily go
to 250 or 300 longterm, midterm, but it
is much less of an aggressive play than
Tesla. I'm not ready to reduce my
position because it's we still in a
bullish market. But Nvidia I think has
the best run behind it, the most
aggressive run which was extremely
aggressive. Look at this. I told
everyone at 176 or something. This goes
to 200 in no time. But it is at 200 now.
So Nvidia I think much less additional
upside in the tactical short-term than
Tesla. But nice part of the portfolio
and it's a very safe bet because this
thing is just absolutely killing it.
leading the AI revolution like no one
else. And then finally, our third
largest position, Micro Strategy. Look
at this. Micro Strategy today up an
unbelievable 13.86%.
Why is that? Of course, because of
Bitcoin. Bitcoin
also completely up like crazy. Bitcoin
up
at 74,000.
Wasn't at 75,000. Uh why is it
uh something is wrong here
that is not the latest. Let me just
check where Bitcoin is BTC
price. Sometimes this sucks the Google
situation.
Uh let me think here where we see
Bitcoin. Wow, that's crazy. Here it
works. Google $78,000.
So up like crazy. And for Bitcoin, I
called the bottom pretty nicely and
acted accordingly with Micro Strategy. I
also have a separate portfolio. That's
why I'm a little less aggressive than I
would be normally um in this Pine Alpha
portfolio. But here's the situation on
crypto. Uh when you look at crypto
long-term, we hit this high here of
122,000 4th of October. Then we had this
giant crash. It was a pretty serious
crash where we went down 30% on Bitcoin
and much more 60% on Ethereum. And then
here in February, is that February?
Exactly. Here is where we hit 64,000 or
something. I wasn't sure this bottom
then, but then it bottomed out here and
it was pretty clear for me. We are
finding a bottom now. This cycle is much
more compressed and we are going to the
moon. Why is that? Because on the
fundamental level, you see Bitcoin is
exploding. All the fundamental metrics
are exploding. Plus, we have the money
printer coming back. Plus, the world is
getting more and more unsafe and unsure.
And Bitcoin is of course the central
stone to that. We can tie everything
because it's the digital currency. It's
complete perfect trust,
uh, mathematically encoded trust. And
Ethereum, its little sister, is even
stronger because you see Ethereum
adoption going through the roof and our
mega theme of AI changing finance, the
entire world being tokenized. Everything
goes on the blockchain. And of course,
there is no other option than Ethereum
at scale for all of that. Bitcoin store
value, the new store of value replacing
gold or at least competing with gold and
Ethereum tokenizing the entire financial
system of the world. And this is
actually happening. That's why I'm
bullish on both of them. I think they're
bottomed and now we going to the moon
and they can go back to all-time highs
and then go way past that. That's what I
think and could happen faster than
people think.
Now I'm less sure on these things always
less sure than on Tesla or Nvidia
because this is a tricky thing crypto
but strategically that's the outlook and
I'm pretty convinced that is what it is.
So overall for the next weeks we have to
see how everything goes. I'm very very
bullish. I'm highly exposed now to the
market. Uh I think the way I play Tesla,
by the way, if you want to know tactics,
the way I play Tesla is through short
puts. Uh I am not the biggest fan of
calls. Calls are always extremely
expensive, especially pre-earnings. Uh
so short puts are more elegant in times
like that. So what I did for example
today is I put on a significant position
of 410
short puts April 20th. So always short
expiration times. I had a ton of short
puts at 400 more short puts at 490 480.
I had it all. And the way I do this
it's very labor intense. But rather than
just selling let's say 430 puts right
where you basically get the entire
upside if it goes to 430 but you get
very little buffer to the downside. If
you sell 410 puts right now they cost
you probably what they get you probably
$8 or $7 or something maybe eight I
think eight. Uh, so that's a pretty good
deal, right? You're getting 4108. So
you're breaking even, you're making
money if Tesla stays above 42 by Monday.
I think we'll do the opposite. Might go
up more. Uh, so you get free money. If
it hovers around here, you get also a
lot of money. You always win unless it
goes below 402. Why am I not worried
about that? Because we are on this super
run back to 490. If we see a drop back
to 490 or 2 to 390, I just buy more. I
also have a bunch of 400s throughout
earnings, they still pay you 10 bucks or
something for April 24th.
Uh, so that's how you basically can take
more risk or I can take more risk right
now. You do whatever you think is right.
I can take more risk right now because I
know we are up to the right. If there is
some kind of, you know, flashback, what
do you call it, and we are dropping a
little bit, I don't even care. I can
just double down. So, because we in such
a bullish run, I'm taking a little bit
more risk. And that paid off so far.
Now, the downside of my strategy, by the
way, is when you're at the money or just
a little bit in the money with short
puts is that if you have that run from
380 to 390 to 400 to 410, you're burning
through your strikes, which means you're
losing a little bit on the upside
leverage, right? For example, if I sell
410 short puts with expiring Monday and
you get eight bucks for it, but Tesla
goes up more than eight bucks to 420,
you lost upside, right? You didn't
really cash in enough. So, you need to
basically stagger this, you know, uh,
stack that. And if you burn through it
and you have you feel you have momentum,
you just sell more to the higher upside
and start closing them out or not. So,
that's how I stack these. Uh, and don't
lose out on the upside if we burn
through my strike prices, which we did
all the time now. But that requires you
to really be on it. It's an all full day
uh full-time job, but it works like a
charm because I'm buying myself a lot of
alpha. If we get a uh, you know, drop
back, I have so much buffer that not
much can happen to me, at least in these
bullish periods. So, that's kind of uh
the perspective here. I have I'm
preparing a video for Monday that will
be very big. Uh I will announce
my commitment of $1 million
to the Pioneer Alpha strategy, including
a $200,000
bet. And the way this bet will work is
that I'm betting on Pioneer Alpha making
30% a year for the next 3 years, every
single year. 30% or more. And if it
doesn't make 30%, I'm going to lose my
money. Why am I going to lose my money,
my 200,000? Because they go to the
investors. I will be an investor too, by
the way. But uh I will I won't get the
whole money because I will only be a
partial investor. So I will explain this
more on Monday, but it's that is my bet.
It's not something anyone else does cuz
normally money managers just want to rip
everyone off and make fees. Here we do
the opposite for very specific reasons.
And the reasons are that I believe we
are entering the age of AGI. We have
entered it. And one of the most
important things we can do in pioneer
lands is to establish a new income
infrastructure. Universal high income.
You might have heard about it. But I
have thought about this a lot. And I
think there's only one solution to get
it done. We need to convert all that
stuff we doing here. Pine Alpha, Tesla,
Nvidia, SpaceX coming up. Someone has to
take all that crazy upside create a
strong strategy how to capture it which
we did with Pine Alpha now enough
evidence after 2 years over two years
I'm confident we can do that and I'm
confident we can keep outperforming it
we will take that now in an
institutionalized securitization vehicle
in Luxembourg make it accessible all
over the world for qualified investors
first not retail we'll explain this more
on Monday because many of you might be
qualified uh we'll see. And from there,
what we do is not just a fund. This is
not about a fund. This is about a new
vehicle that tries to establish this
universal high income. And what that
means is we're taking volatility and
risk out of the equation. Of course, not
all volatility and all risk, but
compared to a fund, we take dramatic
volatility and risk out of the equation
and aim at a 30% per year return that we
generate from that portfolio with a new
buffer mechanism. If we make more, it
goes into the buffer. If we make less,
we suck it from the buffer into the
portfolio for investors. So in bad
years, it will get filled out as much as
we can to achieve a steady 30% yield
stream. And to preund that buffer, that
is my commitment and there's no
tricking. If I don't perform at 30% a
year, I will lose that money. And that,
you know, is just my my bet on it. Uh I
will tell you more on Monday. It's going
to be very interesting. There will be a
short period where we close this first
series of this pioneer bond that will
reflect this pioneer alpha strategy and
has this buffer built in. Uh you can
follow it doesn't matter if you invest
or not but you can follow it on YouTube.
I will cover this every day of course as
I did so far. But now in an
institutionalized instrument that if it
works, if we can make this work, will
probably be the biggest leap forward for
finance as a financial instrument ever
because it can turn the upside, the
volatility of this tremendous revolution
we are witnessing into a stabilized
yield stream. This is not a solicitation
here for securities. It's not a promise
or anything. It's our objective and
mission for Pioneer Reserve and Pioneer
Lands what we need to achieve and I'm
betting my own money on it that we will.
So, I hope that was interesting and you
enjoyed that you have some ideas what
Tesla might be doing from here on and I
hope to see you tomorrow and especially
on Monday when we launch this video, $1
million committed to Pine Alpha, my own
money and uh my big bet on that return.
So enjoy the weekend and see you then.