Channel:     investingagainstthegrain
Title:       SPACE X FIRST EARNINGS!
URL:         https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ckHH4dMgrd4
Published:   2026-08-04 20:07 UTC
Fetched:     2026-08-05 04:00 UTC

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

billion between friends. So yeah, space
was supposed to be 835, connectivity at
3.8, AI at 2, and what we're seeing is 9
almost a billion, 4.3, and two and a
half. Uh, so that is strong revenue.
Nick, what do you think?
&gt;&gt; Oh, we lost him. I didn't realize.
&gt;&gt; Uh, that's that's how good the numbers
are or how bad. I mean, my goodness,
what do I know?
&gt;&gt; What's the share price doing then? Have
we got a jump? It's after hours. Let's
find out.
&gt;&gt; No. 12533.
Oh, have you got a live?
&gt;&gt; That's what I was doing. I was getting
the I was trying to pull up the stock.
&gt;&gt; I do see a little spike here after
hours.
&gt;&gt; There we go. Here we go.
&gt;&gt; Up uh three bucks and a change so far.
&gt;&gt; After hours 1%.
&gt;&gt; All right. Up.
&gt;&gt; Up to 126.
&gt;&gt; But more importantly, what's that doing
to Tesla? Oh. Oh, Tesla's slightly down.
That's now up. That's okay.
&gt;&gt; So, will there be a direct connection?
Will it actually affect Tesla directly?
&gt;&gt; I guess we'll find out.
&gt;&gt; Yeah,
&gt;&gt; we'll learn.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, but I mean, literally, would we
expect it? I know. I know. You can never
tell for sure, but is there anything in
these earnings that would directly
affect Tesla?
&gt;&gt; Yeah, if they mention
that bit. Yeah.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Uh earlier Nick uh John was saying
that Kelshi has it at 40% odds merger
will be said during the earnings call
&gt;&gt; talked about. I don't think it it said
&gt;&gt; announced or anything.
&gt;&gt; That's what I mean. Just just the word
will be said.
&gt;&gt; Oh 100%.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Okay.
&gt;&gt; Well, I just love I just love 40%
because it's as close to 5050 as you can
really get. Uh
&gt;&gt; yeah, it might happen. You're correct.
Mhm.
&gt;&gt; I'm just comparing them from the
previous three months. Space up from 619
to 962. That's a 50% increase.
Connectivity, which I presume is
Starlink, is up a whole
uh 4,000 competitive.
&gt;&gt; And of course AI, which is that renting
space out.
&gt;&gt; It must be the big jump up nearly 2,000.
Yeah, that's got to be.
&gt;&gt; That's two billion, isn't it?
&gt;&gt; Yes.
&gt;&gt; Oh, two billion nearly.
&gt;&gt; Wow.
&gt;&gt; Mass to orbit in metric tons only 485
metric tons. Most of it for themselves.
Uhhuh.
Cost of revenue. Mhm. 329
for an loss from operations, half
billion. Uh, space adjusted IBIT
205.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Yeah.
&gt;&gt; Uh, AMD came out, they look strong, up
about 2%.
ALAB came out, they're up about
9%, 8%.
And SpaceX has gone red.
Hm.
Down 1.7%.
And Tesla has gone red down half a
percent. Hickle.
&gt;&gt; All right. Yeah, it's going to get
interesting here.
Demonstrated the power of extreme
vertical integration, delivering revenue
growth of 92% year-over-year. Completed
two successful uh V3 test flights.
closed multiple industry-leading cloud
service agreements resulting in 14.1
billion of contracted sales. Announced
agreements to acquire cursor for 60
billion to accelerate the enterprise
opportunity.
Uhhuh. Released our most powerful model.
Delivered all that. Okay.
Total launches 78.
&gt;&gt; That's going to be well over a 100red,
isn't it? In the year
&gt;&gt; without a doubt. Yeah.
Let's see. 12 million subscribers,
10,000 satellites in orbit. For
reference, the rest of the world
combined has about 5,000.
So, it's like 2/3 of the compute
is Starlink or twothirds of the
satellites operational are Starlink.
Name plate comput 1.4 gawatt.
Yowsers.
It can't be that long since the whole
world didn't use that much.
&gt;&gt; Well,
uh let's see
launches. Uh any highlights in the
comments if you guys see any?
&gt;&gt; Yeah, I I mean I see the 60 66%
year-over-year
um on connectivity connectivity
revenues.
&gt;&gt; Oh, yeah.
&gt;&gt; We're dropping down to 121 for some
reason.
Is that because uh all news is bad news?
&gt;&gt; Who knows?
&gt;&gt; Uh yesterday or maybe it was this
morning I I was discussing what we
expect from the earnings and I said,
"Well, they'll either be over or under.
Therefore, the stock will go down
because it doesn't it doesn't seem to
correlate to anything material as far as
I can tell. Um
&gt;&gt; but we're still up 10% on the day.
Yeah.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. For now,
&gt;&gt; it's it's a great earnings. I mean,
&gt;&gt; again, revenue growing 92%.
And net loss 541 million versus 1
billion
previously.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. While capex remains high. Um,
&gt;&gt; I added 1.7 million Starling subscribers
in the quarter. That's reasonably good.
uh with an average uh return per
customer of uh flat. It has not gone
down. Uh
not as high as it used to be, but that's
due to expanding into markets that
cannot bear the higher costs.
Consumer revenues, uh you know,
&gt;&gt; SpaceX has 100 billion in cash and 48
billion in backlog.
What does backlog mean in this context?
&gt;&gt; James is posting, so he's doing
something.
&gt;&gt; I don't know the answer to that.
Well, uh, I'll see if I'll I'll send
James a a DM and see if he's available.
&gt;&gt; He's saying, "Why does Elon talk about
Grock so much?" And he's highlighting
one of the numbers on AI capex.
I
I'm not smart enough to get to get it.
I'm sorry. Uh total cost.
&gt;&gt; Yeah,
&gt;&gt; Tesla's holding up good. Kind of just
flat literally,
but SpaceX is down almost 3%.
AI revenues up 213% sequentially, 247%
year-over-year to 2.6 billion.
&gt;&gt; I wonder if that's including cursor.
&gt;&gt; Have they paid for cursor yet? Has it
all gone through?
&gt;&gt; Another fantastic question I do not know
the answer to.
&gt;&gt; Yeah,
because it all changed, didn't it?
They've got 10 billion up front and then
the rest at some point and then they've
changed and said, "Yep, it's all going
ahead." But I don't know if it has.
&gt;&gt; So net loss less than half a billion or
about half a billion.
&gt;&gt; Did you read the uh the opening CFO
remarks?
&gt;&gt; I did not. What do we got there?
Something good.
&gt;&gt; It says Oh. Oh, you got there. You can
&gt;&gt; Yeah. It's been a momentous year so far.
The second quarter demonstrated the true
power of SpaceX. Revenue growth
accelerated across all our business
segments and we delivered strong
operating leverage with significant
margin expansion led by our new AI
compute agreements. Our unparallelled
leadership and launch Starlink
subscriber growth, new enterprise and
government partnerships and
best-in-class AI infrastructure which I
would agree with underscore our ability
to drive meaningful scale and deliver
attractive returns. As a newly public
company, we are delighted to welcome our
broad base of shareholders and bond
holders. We ended the second quarter
with a hundred billies of cash cash
equivalents and marketable securities
and 47.5 billion in backlog. Still don't
know what that means. Uh yeah. So this
financial strength gives us substantial
capacity to invest in Starship, Starling
broadband and mobile satellites and our
AI platform while maintaining a
disciplined long-term capital allocation
framework.
&gt;&gt; SpaceX down 7% now.
Oh, market you crazy.
&gt;&gt; Elon has just reposted
&gt;&gt; five minutes ago on the Nvidia
partnership which is interesting. The
same Star Mind V1 satellite design will
be deployed on the ground as well. It
will be the same design without
obviously the solar and radiator. It
will be right
&gt;&gt; liquid cooled I guess.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. But it could be closed closed loop
cooled. Yeah, a major improvement in
data center efficiency. So, yeah,
very exciting stuff. Uh,
let's see.
It represents future uh launch defense
and Starlink business that is already
booked with Falcon 9 manifest reportedly
filled out through 28 or 29. Ah, that
would make sense. You know, look, we've
got a high volume reliable provider.
Let's just get on the calendar so we can
actually do this. Uh in business, the
backlog means the total value of signed
contract and orders that a company has
promised to fulfill but has not yet
completed or collected revenue on. So
this is upcoming deals. Uh that might
include a lot of the compute deals too.
Those numbers would make sense at that
point. Uh yeah,
&gt;&gt; SpaceX have $100 billion of cash on
hand.
You know, it sounds like a lot when you
say it that way.
&gt;&gt; Um,
go ahead.
&gt;&gt; I I guess there's a chance if Starship
goes quickly, they can always move some
of those payloads onto Starship.
&gt;&gt; Only if they're going to the same Well,
yeah, actually, even if it flies even if
it flies half empty. That's true. You're
not going to jam a a big round satellite
out through the Pez door.
I'd like to
&gt;&gt; What are we talking about again?
&gt;&gt; I would like I would like to see that.
Uh but I'm not going to pay extra for
that. Um
yeah. So, I would call all of this
pretty good news. And we've got 12
minutes until the call. Uh
&gt;&gt; oh, wow. The call's going to start that
early,
&gt;&gt; isn't it? I thought the call started at
1:30. uh Pacific. So, does it not?
&gt;&gt; Oh, wow.
&gt;&gt; Well, I mean for the Tesla normally it's
like an hour, remember?
&gt;&gt; Yeah, that's true.
&gt;&gt; That's true.
&gt;&gt; No. Hey, that's awesome.
&gt;&gt; We're still dropping down 7% after
hours.
&gt;&gt; Mhm.
&gt;&gt; Are you not entertained?
&gt;&gt; I am entertained.
&gt;&gt; Okay.
&gt;&gt; See, is it going to be
&gt;&gt; Why doesn't it come with hints? When you
point at the price, it tells you why on
the graph.
What? Wait, what?
&gt;&gt; Why does this dollar was because of of
that and that and it could explain it,
couldn't you?
&gt;&gt; It's a great It's a great idea.
&gt;&gt; It is a good one.
&gt;&gt; Should we suggest it to whoever's puts
the charts out?
&gt;&gt; Definitely. Mhm.
&gt;&gt; Or just have like a little uh you know
like on X they'll have like the little
gro symbol you can click it to give you
more information. You should do that.
Uh, Slower Cuber wants to know if
there's a way to say a hundred billion
to make it sound little. I mean, we
could call it Little Billies.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, I like the way you
&gt;&gt; 100 little Billies. Yeah.
&gt;&gt; Or little Till
&gt;&gt; one Billy Isish.
&gt;&gt; Uhhuh. Yep. I think I I'm, you know, I
don't remember that in my undergrad math
studies, but I'm sure it was there.
Um,
&gt;&gt; and I should also complain.
&gt;&gt; Yes.
&gt;&gt; Because a billion used to be in the UK
12 zeros, not nine, I believe.
&gt;&gt; Oh,
&gt;&gt; but I think we've given in and used
yours now.
&gt;&gt; In German, a million is a million, but a
billion is a mill.
I'm like, what? And the billion was a
trillion. So, uh, it's very confusing.
Maybe you are also using milliards.
&gt;&gt; So, I don't know.
&gt;&gt; No, I've never heard that one. How many
Hey, John. How many ounces are in a
pint?
&gt;&gt; 16 fluid ounce in a pint.
&gt;&gt; So, when you order a pint of beer at a
pub, how much uh beer do they give you?
&gt;&gt; Uh I think they still give you a pint.
It's not moved to 500 mil yet.
I don't believe, but if you buy it from
the supermarket, it's normally in in uh
milliliters, 375 milliliters. It gets
very confusing. So, an imperial pint
appears to be 19.2 flu ounces.
&gt;&gt; The British fluid ounces.
&gt;&gt; No. What? Okay. Oh, you got to stop with
that.
&gt;&gt; Or is it 20?
&gt;&gt; Pint is 20% larger than a US pint. It's
568 milliliters in the UK. So,
&gt;&gt; and a gallon the same as well, isn't it?
Same proportion, I guess.
&gt;&gt; I believe it is. So, that's uh great.
That's great. Um so we are uh holding
steady on this. Let's jump to the
comments here. Uh the big difference is
the backlog the number most uh surely
most outsourced compute. I agree. I
don't know what is meant by launch it
from Thomas on X.
Fun fun fact Lucid reported today
earnings per share miss.
&gt;&gt; Oh what are the odds? Oh,
&gt;&gt; I know. I know. I'm glad you're sitting
down. I'm glad we all are. You know, I
made a video years ago uh called Lucid
Insiders say that the end is near and
that is true. That is what they told me.
They were very
&gt;&gt; Can you tell us who the insider is now?
&gt;&gt; Uh no. Uh mostly because I don't
remember his name off the top of my
head. But okay. Uh it it was not an
executive. Um but they uh but uh on that
video uh every now and then including
yesterday I get comments from lucid bag
holders saying I bet you feel stupid
now. No cuz I reported
yes. Yes. Once a month once every few
months I'll get a few comments from
lucid bag holders going you sure missed
that one. I didn't. You're down 93% from
when the video was made. I don't know
what to tell you other than
&gt;&gt; just say scoreboard.
&gt;&gt; I mean it was tr what I said was true
when I said it. The concerns I raised
have come true without uh you know
&gt;&gt; were it not for a homeopathic degree of
dilution the company would be gone.
&gt;&gt; Homeopathic man to talk about that
&gt;&gt; parts per million is what I'm talking
about. It's what cures you. So, it is
these guys are uh trying to tap dance.
And I said, "Look, 3,400 plus videos,
and that's the closest you can get to a
mic drop. I'm doing pretty good." So,
&gt;&gt; and we mustn't forget Falcon is still
putting satellites up. Another 24 an
hour ago.
&gt;&gt; Okay. So, what's your guys' exposure to
SpaceX? Anything?
&gt;&gt; Zero shares for me. I looked to get them
at 135 in the pre-offering. Uh Chase uh
JP Morgan Chase where my retirement
account is did not offer it. And uh a
lot of almost everyone I saw got
allocations of 1 to 10. I talked to one
person in the comments who I don't know
who got 400 shares or claims to. I
believe him. Uh but uh I I have no
exposure
&gt;&gt; yourself.
&gt;&gt; Hopefully a thousand shares in the next
few
next two weeks if we can stay around
these levels, but we'll find out.
&gt;&gt; And will you why why hopefully you mean
you hope to buy them or you
&gt;&gt; I I have uh short puts on so
&gt;&gt; Okay. I'll get them once we stay in this
level. Well, I So, with that in mind, I
do have a question specific to you. I
was glad you came for this reason, which
is
&gt;&gt; Oh, is this ambush?
&gt;&gt; SpaceX 330 calls dominate options ahead
of earnings and amid short interest
surge. For those who don't know, Nick
has an options trading course that he
provides periodically. Uh, and I will
tell you, I had no fewer than two or
three people come to me at the LA Diner
and say, "I took his course. It was
amazing."
&gt;&gt; Oh, that's awesome.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. So, I mean, yeah, obviously
because it ain't cheap. So, ahead of uh
SpaceX first earnings report, there's
some heavy stacking at 330. Uh, that
what on earth could that be about?
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Uh,
the problem with this is it's hard to
Okay, so hold on. What's that say?
Scroll up. 400
450,000 calls, 330 strike followed by
4,000 calls at 150. The most popular put
strike, but Oh, okay. 150 makes sense.
That's just not from
&gt;&gt; Yeah. But
what's is there any expiration on these
short?
&gt;&gt; The unusually large 330 call position
could be there because of the upside
protection purchased by short sellers
ahead of the earnings.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, 100%.
&gt;&gt; Buying far out of the money calls allow
short sellers to cap potential.
&gt;&gt; Well, not even cap. They're trying to
cheat uh not cheat it. Um, so what you
do is like if you let let's let's just
say you
everyone's used to cover calls with
Tesla, right? Everyone has an idea of
what a cover call is. But imagine you
didn't own the shares, right? And you
have that complete exposure to the
upside. Well, something you could do is
instead of just selling those calls
wherever you want to do it, you could
also really far away, you could buy
calls and now your risk is lower for
your brokerage. So your brokerage won't
require you to have this infinite amount
of money. So that's where we would call
it like a synthetic short. So you're you
don't have that crazy exposure to like
trick your brokerage into allowing you
to do something. So that that's probably
what that is.
&gt;&gt; So I I wouldn't say that's anyone
betting to the upside. I would say
that's exactly what you just said where
people are trying to offset the buying
power acquired from their brokerage by
buying those because now it makes it so
that if it goes up against you, your
downside is not unlimited.
&gt;&gt; Gotcha. Ah, gotcha. Okay. So that's why
one of the reasons we bring on an expert
from time to time
&gt;&gt; and I would never do that. That's
insane.
Well, to to to I I don't know. I I don't
like shorting companies like that in
general. But
&gt;&gt; well, I I shrug because I don't know any
of that stuff. Uh Nick, I should mention
in a week and a half I'm leaving uh for
Nepal again and I'd like to have you on
sometime in the next week or so to uh
get your thoughts on some things to help
cover the gap while I'm gone.
&gt;&gt; That's awesome.
&gt;&gt; Great. Yeah. So, I'll send you a message
about that. Uh,
&gt;&gt; Sawyer's just posted the link to the
live
site. Kane,
&gt;&gt; I'm going to hit record
&gt;&gt; starting in theory in two minutes, I
think.
&gt;&gt; By the way, John, we've never met, so
pleasure to meet you, brother.
&gt;&gt; Hello. How are you?
&gt;&gt; I'm doing well. I'm on with you.
&gt;&gt; Cool. I I I've got to apologize. I have
no idea what you're talking about with
all these things. I I see 330 core
position, and that looks scary to me
because that's much higher than Is that
what they're saying? Somebody's betting
it will go that high? Uh it's more so
they're offsetting the risk to allow the
brokerage to allow them to take the
downside.
&gt;&gt; Uh thank you. I have absolutely no idea
what that meant.
&gt;&gt; It's essentially a spread trade that
they have on.
&gt;&gt; Okay. Yeah.
&gt;&gt; Now these things scare me. I'm a
software engineer and that's where I
stay.
&gt;&gt; Oh, nice.
&gt;&gt; Other than philosophy.
&gt;&gt; What uh front end, back end? But what do
you do?
&gt;&gt; Uh, well, I'm all
&gt;&gt; everything.
&gt;&gt; There was there wasn't a front end and a
back end. It was PC software and and AI
now writes it all for me. There's been a
massive transformation since Christmas
in this year that you let it do most of
it for you now.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, that makes sense.
&gt;&gt; Automated tests. Hundreds of automated
tests created in hours. It's like
staggering. You still got to tell stop
it doing really stupid things and just
watch the architecture.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; But yeah,
&gt;&gt; nice. And SpaceX is coming back down.
&gt;&gt; H we'll see. Let's Let's get a little
update here. Where we at?
&gt;&gt; Did somebody just get a 2G phone too
close to a microphone?
&gt;&gt; It sure sounded like it. I swear. the
old the old 2G sound that you would get
coming through your speakers. Never
mind.
&gt;&gt; Oh,
&gt;&gt; you mean
is it me picking pushing my ear back in
or something like that?
&gt;&gt; Nah, it sound It doesn't matter. Uh
let's see. Uh the only options I'm
interested in is what's for dinner.
I do not have an answer to that, JD. I
apologize. Um
&gt;&gt; what will food be like on the moon? Will
they be able to have a full restaurant
or is it going to be
&gt;&gt; Have Have you ever had any of those like
that space food like the Okay. Yeah. So,
I mean, as you can imagine, growing up
in the space coast,
like you know, all these like little
things you experience, uh, but space ice
cream really good.
&gt;&gt; Well, maybe not, but it is at the same
time.
&gt;&gt; Well, right. It's fascinating. Hey, uh,
Sydney's family wants to know, "How much
is this course?"
&gt;&gt; Good afternoon.
&gt;&gt; Uh, 1,997
earnings conference call. I'm Andrea
Williams, head of investor relations.
Joining me today are Elon, Gwen, and
Brett, and we are speaking to you from
our facility in Bassrop, Texas. Our
second quarter financial results were
announced just after 3 p.m. Central time
and all relevant materials have been
published to our investor relations
website at ir.spaceex.com.
For this webcast, our prepared remarks
will be followed by a question and
answer session. We will take live Q&amp;A
from equity analysts and then move to
questions directly from our investors
that were pulled on our dedicated
earnings Q&amp;A platform. Thank you to
everyone who submitted your questions in
advance. During this webcast, we will
discuss our business outlook and make
forward-looking statements. These
statements are based on our predictions
and expectations as of today. Actual
events or results could differ
materially due to a number of risks and
uncertainties, including those mentioned
in our most recent filings with the SEC,
including our final perspectus and
today's published form 10Q.
Additionally, during this call, we may
discuss certain non-GAAP measures. In
our press release and our filings with
the SEC, you can find additional
disclosures, including all
reconciliations with comparable gap
measures. For the second quarter of
2026, we announced the following
financial results as compared to the
prior year. Quarter revenues of 7.8 8
billion, up 92% from $4.1 billion, a
quarterly net loss of $541 million, an
improvement of $467 million, an adjusted
IBIDA of $3.5 billion, up
191% from 1.2 billion. Now, I will hand
the call over to Elon for his opening
remarks.
&gt;&gt; Thank you. So, it's been another
milestone here.
Uh thank you. Uh so it's been another
milestone year for SpaceX so far. Uh
we're uh making great progress
developing a fully and rapidly reusable
reliable rocket with Starship. We're
connecting millions more people globally
across 170 markets with fast, reliable
Starlink internet. We're building AI
compute capacity at scale faster than
anyone else we believe. And we're
significantly improving our AI models.
Um, most notably with the release of
Grock 4.5 last month. Uh, and now I'll
I'll dive into each of those topics
separately.
So with Starship, we completed two
successful flights of Starship B3 in the
past 90 days. Uh, flight 13 demonstrated
core capabilities necessary to achieve
an orbital mission and return to
Starbase for catch. and and on flight 14
will be our first flight to fly uh our
version three Starlink satellites, our
communication satellites to operational
orbit. Um we uh will try to actually
catch the first and the second stage of
Starlink V3 this year and we could
possibly catch the ship as soon as the
next flight.
Um
and it's it's difficult to actually
um explain to most people just this the
incredible significance of Starship. Um
and I think perhaps describing it in
terms of challenge to orbit is a good
way to appreciate the magnitude um of of
the impact Starship will have on the
future of civilization.
So
right now we deliver call it roughly
2500 tons a year to orbit via Falcon and
uh this is a this is a big number by
normal standards. The rest of the world
I think delivers around uh 300 tons. Uh
so we deliver you know 80 to 90% of
total earth mass to orbit per year with
with Falcon. Now with with Starship
um our aspirations and I think we will
achieve these aspirations are to deliver
well over a million tons to orbit per
year and probably ultimately
uh 10 million tons per year.
So this is this is not like if you had a
chart where you plotted things. Uh you
would need a very very big table to put
the chart on to see uh to even see any
of our competitors on that chart and to
make that. So our next biggest
competitor was one pixel high on the bar
chart. You would still need a very big
bar chart to rep represent uh the SpaceX
Starship vehicle. Um
and and it's worth noting that we we
actually, you know, encourage our
competitors to copy us. We do nothing to
slow them down. We actually launch a we
launch competing satellite
constellations uh at uh this fair
prices, the same price we charge
everyone. So we we we do encourage our
competitors to copy us, but it's quite
difficult to copy something like
Starship.
But we we don't we you know use patents
as uh you know sort of a landmine
exercise to stop people from copying us.
We actively encourage it. So
uh anyways but when you think about it
on that you go from 2500 tons a year to
you know a million potentially 10
million tons per year. It's it's really
a prof ridiculously profound difference.
Um but that is uh that is our plan and I
think we will achieve that plan.
Uh regarding Starlink
um it's also worth just noting that the
Starlink V3 satellite uh is about an
order of magnitude more capable than the
Starlink V2 satellite which is was
already a very capable satellite and and
we expect to launch about an order of
magnitude more Starlink V3 satellites.
Uh so that that would mean a roughly two
order of magnitude increase in the
delivered bandwidth.
Um even if our monetization per bit uh
dropped by a factor of 10, that would
still mean a 10x increase in the revenue
of Starlink. So I think people are
really underestimating uh Starlink here.
Um so this is a this is a big deal.
Well, it's it's kind of hard for people
to wrap their minds around this, but um
like it's not out of the question that
at some point uh Starink will deliver a
majority of the world's internet,
at least in countries where we're
allowed to operate, which is the vast
majority of countries.
Um so this is uh you know important to
bear in mind and it's not in like the
infinity future. It's uh you know
less than 10 years. Um so
um and and uh w with the advent of AI um
and humanoid robotics and you know
vehicle robotics and just a massive
number of robots the appetite for
bandwidth will be much greater than it
has been in the past. You think of a
human consuming perhaps or producing
perhaps about a few hundred bits per
second of output and uh and actually the
average human is outputting less than
one bit per second over the course of of
a day which is 86,400 seconds. Um now
computers,
you know, easily do billions of bits per
second continuously over over a uh
24-hour period. So this is a why I I
would expect the appetite for bandwidth
to grow dramatically with uh the growth
of AI and robotics.
Um and really I think Starink is the
only thing that can actually uh service
that bandwidth.
Uh regarding um AI uh we're making rapid
progress on on Grock because Grock 4.5
was a huge improvement. Um, and we have
Grock 4.6 coming out probably next week.
Um, and then Grock 4.7 is about three or
four weeks from today. Um, and we expect
the cadence of uh AI development to
improve dramatically. Um, and then with
with Grock 5, which should be out before
the end of this year, we will be
incorporating the entire corpus of
SpaceX data. Basically all the data that
SpaceX has ever produced um which is a
tremendous amount over the course of a
quarter century will be incorporated
into Grock training and we think this
will make Grock by far the best
engineer. Um
so this is uh these are all like very
very big things. Uh in addition of
course we are providing compute to
others and we are we are building and
deploying compute uh I think faster our
rate of growth certainly is faster than
any anyone else and our efficiency of
compute deployment I think is also the
highest. Um
so we we expect to end this year with
over two gigawatts of compute. Um and
uh probably our cumulative compute
online by the end of next year uh will
be several times higher. Um so it it you
know it may
let's say be closer to 10 gawatts of
compute than 5 gawatts of compute
is a way to think about it. Um and going
forward we've decided to build
exclusively on Nvidia
uh because we think the uh the Bar Rubin
architecture is is the best
architecture. We think it's the best AI
computer and um and we greatly value our
close cooperation and partnership on
many levels uh with Nvidia. So we're uh
we're exclusive to Nvidia.
Um
and this new capacity coming online will
obviously further benefit the
development of Grock uh as will our
cursor acquisition uh which uh should
close quite soon. I think we've we're
through almost all of the regulatory
hurdles. Um
and then with respect to the Star Mind
uh AI satellite which will be
essentially an optimized uh Bar Ruben
NVL72
uh computer. Uh this is this is not some
sort of uh far future distant thing. We
we expect to start launching these next
year.
Um and the uh we we think the design of
the
uh NVL72 VR computer is
um
a a much better design than is typical
than say h having a standard rack rack
style design and and so we expect to
actually deploy this on the ground as
well as in orbit
uh because we think it's it's going to
be um a radical simplification of the
normal uh NVL72 rack. Uh it will it will
cost less, it will be more effective. Um
and so if we're going to put it in
space, why not put it on the ground?
So I think that's going to be pretty
cool.
Um
uh in conclusion, the SpaceX team is
solving some of the hardest engineering
problems in the history of humanity.
and um and we're s I think the team is
succeeding because I think we've got uh
you know in a lot of ways the the
smartest most dedicated team uh of of
humans that uh has ever existed. I'm
incredibly proud to work with such a
team and
uh and I'd like to thank the team for
their incredible hard work and and also
thank you to investors who have
supported us along the way.
Thanks Elon. We had an exceptional
second quarter and today I'll focus on
the operational and commercial
highlights as well as the initiatives we
are prioritized going forward. Starting
with our space business, we remain the
leading launch provider globally with 78
total launches and 1,041 tons of mass to
orbit delivered in the first half of
this year. primarily allocated to our
own internal internal Starlink missions,
but with great customer missions as
well. While our launch capabilities are
key to supporting our connectivity
business, we continue to have a very
robust commercial manifest and a very
robust and growing US government mission
demand, which drives revenue for the
segment. We're currently launching at
our highest Falcon cadence and are on
the precipice of operationalizing
Starship.
As Elon said, the first two flights of
our V3 Starship vehicles put us in an
excellent position to achieve our
near-term goals of reaching orbit,
catching and reusing the ships and
boosters, and deploying our V3 Starlink
broadband satellites.
Speaking of which, Starlink had a
standout quarter driven by continued
growth across our consumer, enterprise,
and government businesses. During the
second quarter, we added net more than
1.7 million Starlink subscribers
globally consumer. This reflects our
best quarter of new customers to date,
an increase from the 1.4 million we
added during the first quarter. We
achieved this by holding ARPO, which is
the average average revenue per user,
stable at $66 per month compared to the
first quarter. We ended the second
quarter with service availability in 167
markets and have continued to activate
new markets since then with some very
exciting announcements coming soon,
maybe even as early as today.
As of June 30th, our constellation of
operational Starlink broadband and
mobile satellites in orbit grew to
roughly 10,200
with our 9600 broadband satellites
delivering roughly 800 terabits per
second of total downlink capacity
following a successful speedrun test of
the V3 V3 Starlink satellites on the
most recent Starship launch during which
we connected every satellite through
every laser link.
We we intend to deploy V3 satellites
into the constellation for operational
use on the upcoming Starship missions.
The significant amount of capacity we're
able to add to the Starlink
constellation from the V3 satellites
will enable us to continue providing
even better service, I think it's pretty
great already. But to do so while
serving more and more customers over the
world. In fact, in the years ahead, we
expect Starlink will represent a
significant portion of global internet
traffic, which Elon also talked about.
We also see significant growth
opportunities for Starlink in enterprise
and government on the enterprise and
government side of the business. We
believe revenue from these markets have
the potential to reach a scale at least
comparable but likely exceed our
consumer business as we continue to gain
share. In the second quarter, we signed
a major agreement with American Airlines
as well as activated our service with
new partners including Southwest Virgin
Atlantic, Iberia, and Heirlingus. We
have become the provider of choice among
major airlines with outstanding customer
feedback but still have significant room
for growth. In fact, we heard from one
of our airline customers, shockingly
customers are flying uh shorter hop
flights instead of uh instead of direct
so that they could ensure that they're
on a Starlink activated flight. They'd
never seen this in the business before.
On the government side, we won more than
$6 billion in US contracts in Q2,
supporting major Space Force programs
that offer our nation missionritical
communications and sensing capabilities.
And we see even more room for growth in
this sector in this coming year. In Q2,
we also launched the new Starlink mobile
partnerships with international carriers
including SoftBank, NT, DOKO, and Spark
New Zealand. Our near-term priority is
launching mobile V2 satellites on
Starship ahead of integrating the 65
megahertz of Echoar Spectrum later next
year. This spectrum transfer was
recently approved by the FCC and
represents a foundational competitive
advantage for Starlink Mobile. In AI,
the industry is hurdling towards ever
more compute demands. We're rapidly
expanding our compute capacity to meet
our own needs as Grock expands as well
as those for other leading companies
such as Google and Anthropic.
In terms of our own Grock models, the
enterprise feedback on rollout of Grock
4.5 has been very positive so far. Token
consumption tripled out of the gate
after the July release, and we continue
to see strong signals on usage and
monetization for the model. We're
looking forward to welcoming the cursor
team to SpaceX to integrate our
engineering and begin to benefit from a
combined sales capability.
In review, our momentum as a business is
extraordinary. Our engineering teams are
scaling Starship and our nextg
satellites while our sales teams expand
Starlink aviation, mobility, and global
markets. At the same time, we're
bringing on additional compute capacity
and expanding and deepening our AI
partnerships across a broad broader set
of customers. And though I've been in
this business for 24 years, I could not
be more excited about the months ahead.
With all the exciting and amazing things
going on, it really feels like we're
just getting started all over again.
&gt;&gt; Now, I'll turn the call over to Brett.
&gt;&gt; Thank you, Gwen. We demonstrated strong
results in Q2. Revenue growth
accelerated across every segment. We
narrowed our net losses by nearly half.
and on a year-over-year basis on a
year-over-year basis and we grew
adjusted IBIDA meaningfully faster than
revenue. Importantly, we significantly
strengthened the balance sheet through
our IPO and inaugural investment grade
bond offering. The combination of our
global launch leadership, recurring
Starlink revenue, and rapid growth in AI
infrastructure continues to drive
improved operating leverage. Now, I'll
walk through the financials for each
segment. For the space segment, revenue
grew 55% sequentially and 29%
year-over-year to 962 million, driven by
a higher number of larger customer
launches and a favorable customer mix.
Segment costs and expenses rose 389
million year-over-year, and we continued
to accelerate R&amp;D investments in our
Starship program.
Starship aims to quadruple payload
capacity and reduce launch costs by 10
times compared to our Falcon 9 rocket,
unlocking significant capabilities
across all of our business segments. We
continue to make progress building the
infrastructure required to support
thousands of Starship launches per year,
including accelerating Raptor and launch
vehicle production, the buildout of our
gigabays, and making significant
progress towards activating multiple
launch pads at Starbase and in Cape
Canaveral at pad 39A and pad 37.
Space adjusted IBIDA was a loss of 205
million for the quarter primarily
reflecting these higher R&amp;D expenses.
Moving to the connectivity segment,
revenue was up in the connectivity
segment by uh or was up to 4.3 billion,
up 32% sequentially and 66%
year-over-year. Growth was driven by
record net additions of Starlink
subscribers and a sharp increase in
enterprise and government revenue.
Starlink subscriber ARPU was $66
unchanged compared to Q1. As we continue
our global expansion, we're taking a
localized gotomarket approach that
ensures our product and service
offerings fit local needs. While our
geographic expansion may drive down
blended RPO over time, we anticipate
continued subscriber momentum to deliver
strong revenue growth.
Enterprise and government revenue grew
108% year-over-year and represents a
durable source of revenue contributing
to strong segment margins overall. As
Gwyn mentioned, we see enormous
opportunity for growth in this segment
as we remain for example less than 10%
penetrated in one of the largest
segments being aviation.
Total costs and expenses for the
connectivity segment increased 970
million or approximately 58%
year-over-year. The increase was driven
by higher spend to support our revenue
growth, including growth in our
satellite constellation, increased R&amp;D
investment for our NextG version 3
satellites, and incremental marketing
spend. As Elon mentioned, our version 3
satellites are expected to deliver 10
times the amount of broadband capacity
and data density from our current
generations, which I think we believe
are already pretty amazing and which are
essential to supporting continued
subscriber growth and higher value
service tiers.
Income from operations from the
connectivity segment increased 79%
year-over-year to $1.7 billion,
outpacing revenue growth and driving
nearly three points of operating margin
expansion.
Connectivity segment adjusted Ibida rose
64% year-over-year to $2.6 billion.
AI segment revenue was 2.6 6 billion up
213% sequentially and 247%
year-over-year. The increase was driven
primarily by new cloud services
agreements as well as growth in Grock
and X subscription revenue. Advertising
revenue grew 7% sequentially as we
overhauled our advertising platform
technology to enable AI functionality
and enhance self-service for all
customer types.
In Q2, we entered into cloud services
agreements providing access to compute
capacity at our Colossus and Colossus 2
sites. The initial ramp from these
agreements contributed $1.6 billion of
incremental AI infrastructure revenue in
the quarter. Total costs and expenses
for the AI segment rose $1.6 6 billion
year-over-year reflecting increased R&amp;D
primarily due to higher infrastructure
spend as we accelerated compute
deployment.
We meaningfully narrowed our AI segment
net operating loss to 1.3 billion and
turned uh adjusted IBIDA positive for
the segment in the second quarter at
$1.1 billion.
The incremental revenue from new hosting
deals generated high incremental IBIDA
margins as we monetized available
compute capacity. We ended the second
quarter with 1.4 gawatts of name plate
compute up from 1 gawatt in Q1 and and
400 megawatts a year earlier. We expect
to end this this year at over 2 gawatts
of compute capacity.
Total company capital expenditures in
the second quarter were approximately
18.4 billion of which roughly 15.8
billion supported AI compute
infrastructure. The remainder funded
ongoing Starship and launch
infrastructure, satellite production,
and global ground station expansion.
Additionally, we paid out 856 million
during the quarter under our spectrum
credit agreement related to our pending
Echoar transaction. Our capital
allocation priorities remain clear and
disciplined. We plan to continue to
invest aggressively in the three areas
we believe generate the highest
long-term returns. Starship development
and production scale, next generation
Starlink broadband and mobile
constellations and AI compute
infrastructure.
Across all three of these investments,
we remain focused on capital efficiency,
return on investment, and preservation
of a strong investment grade balance
sheet.
The second quarter was transformative
from a capital markets perspective. We
completed our initial public offering
raising approximately $85.7 billion in
net proceeds and followed that with a
$25 billion inaugural investment grade
senior notes offering that was partially
used to repay our 20 billion bridge
loan. The senior notes were issued
across five tanches with a weighted
average interest rate of 5.855%
and average maturity of 11.7 years. We
ended the quarter with a h 100red
billion of cash cash equivalents and
marketable securities and 47.5 billion
in backlog.
Looking ahead, we continue to see robust
demand in all three of our business
segments, but in particular in our cloud
services arrangements. We see
increasingly favorable economics with
each agreement we sign. And as Elon
mentioned, we expect the supply demand
imbalance in the compute market to
continue. The current economics have
translated into a less than one-year
payback on our new capital deployments
for compute. For example, in the first
few weeks of the third quarter, we've
already contracted an additional $6.7
billion of cloud services revenue over a
six-month period that begins ramping
starting in October of this year. We
believe this puts us on a trajectory
including contri contribution from
cursor to reach a 100red billion of ARR
or annualized revenue run rate by the
end of this year based on our expected
revenue in the month of December of this
year. With that, I'll turn the call back
to Andrea.
&gt;&gt; Thank you, Elon, Gwen, and Brett. This
concludes our prepared remarks for
today's Q&amp;A session. We will take our
first questions from the equity
analysts. Please press star one to join
the question queue and also please limit
yourself to one question. Operator,
please proceed with the queue.
We will now begin the question and
answer session. If you would like to ask
a question, please press star one to
raise your hand. To withdraw your
question, press star one again. We ask
that you pick up your handset when
asking a question to allow for optimum
sound quality. If you are muted locally,
please remember to unmute your device.
Please stand by while we compile the Q&amp;A
roster.
Your first question comes from the line
of Eric Sheridan with Goldman Sachs.
Your line is open. Please go ahead.
&gt;&gt; Thanks so much for taking the question
and thanks for all the details in the um
prepared remarks. Maybe just one on the
connectivity segment. Can you discuss
the backlog of enterprise and government
contracts in that segment of the
business and how we think about that
backlog converting it to revenue and
what that might mean for the pace and
cadence of growth in the next couple
years? Thanks so much.
&gt;&gt; Um yeah, we are quite bullish on our
enterprise uh activities. Um I mentioned
alone that uh we received from the
government uh over $6 billion in um
contracts. Those are kind those are you
can look at those as tranches um and
beginnings of additional capability that
we will bring online. Um some of which
we will have to compete. Um but
fundamentally we have the contracts in
place to fulfill uh many phenomenologies
both the the um ones we've recently
announced um as well as additional ones
that we'll be working uh on going
forward. Uh enterprise revenue is quite
sticky. We have never lost an enterprise
customer. They're quite happy with uh
the Starling capability that we have
right now. Brett mentioned we are only
10% penetrated in the aviation industry.
um which uh definitely represents a lot
of headroom for revenue going forward.
Maritime I think uh is uh Starlink opens
up the TAM dramatically. Um Starlink
offers the capability that other that
ships that don't really have much
connectivity right now because they
can't afford VSATs. Um we can basically
outfit those ships with uh Starlink
maritime. So I'm quite bullish on
enterprise, very bullish on government
um and uh quite happy with the
stickiness that we've seen in those uh
in those markets.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, I'll I'll just elaborate a little
bit on that which is that um obviously
in order to uh secure a large amount of
enterprise revenue, you have to
demonstrate and and very high
reliability, very high up time. Um and
in the early days, Stalink did not have
high uptime. Um, and there's a lot of
enterprise customers, most enterprise
customers, I'd say, that do that still
have that uh maybe early stalling
experience where it was a little patchy.
Um, so we we actually we're building up
a a large enterprise sales team just to
go out there, meet with uh enterprise,
you know, basically corporate and
government customers. Uh, show them the
uh incredible uptime and low latency of
the Starlink system um today. Um so they
they they realize that they they can
actually treat Starlink as a primary
provider not sort of as a backup
provider. Um this this requires just
going out there talking to people
educating them about the uh you know the
the current state of the stalling system
and where it's going. Um and uh I would
expect enterprise revenue to to
substantially exceed consumer revenue.
&gt;&gt; Next question. Operator,
&gt;&gt; your next question comes from the line
of Adam Jonas with Morgan Stanley. Your
line is open. Please go ahead.
&gt;&gt; Uh, thanks Elon. First one for you. Just
confirming you said you expect to be
closer to 10 gawatts of gameplay compute
by end of 27, closer to 10 than five.
Um, do you have line of sight uh how
confident is your line of sight on
permitting chips and turbines for that?
And then I have a followup for Gwen.
Thanks.
Uh so we're actually uh aiming to far
exceed that gigawatt number in terms of
power online power cooling uh and uh
electrical equipment. So our uh tenative
target is to actually have 20 gawatts at
the power and cooling level online by
the end of next year. Now, I don't think
we're going to achieve 20 20 gigawatts.
We want to have um a a series of
projects that cumulatively come to 20
gigawatts by the end of next year. Some
of them won't pan out exactly on time,
but I would expect that we still
probably have at the at the power plant
level uh something close to 15 gawatt.
Um so assuming that you know maybe a a
quarter of the of the of the projects
take longer than expected. Uh so our our
goal is to have uh far more power
cooling and electrical equipment than we
have GPUs. That that's like logical
thing to do given the relative expense
of GPUs versus balance of system. Um
SpaceX as a company is incredibly good
at hardware. Um in fact, I'd say
probably outside of China, SpaceX and
Tesla are the two best companies on
Earth at hardware. Um
yeah, and and I think perhaps even even
including China. So um so we're taking a
small amount of the expertise that we
use for rockets and satellites and
applying that to scaling terrestrial
data centers. Um and uh we're finding
that even a small amount of what we've
learned building rockets which are
incredibly difficult applied to data
centers yields tremendous benefits. So
um
so yeah we we we expect to have far in
excess of
u yeah the power and cooling that's
needed. Um and then um
our our understanding with Nvidia is
that we we will receive a a very
significant percentage of their GPUs
next year.
&gt;&gt; Okay. Thanks Alan. Just uh Gwen just a
followup. Um, you were recently asked
what is one of the more underappreciated
parts of the SpaceX investment story and
uh, you said robotics. Can you elaborate
on why you believe that? How do robots
fit into the SpaceX cam? Thanks, Gwen.
&gt;&gt; Um, let me let me try to put something
together for you. Um, I think what what
I might have said is underappreciating
the amount of connectivity that we will
need going forward. Um, and I think
robotics,
uh, especially robotics tied to AI, like
for autos and humanoid robots, will
dramatically increase the demand for
connectivity dramatically. Elon talked
about that in his early in his remarks.
&gt;&gt; I mean, you can think of our satellites
as being robots. I mean, they're
autonomous and they do not need
servicing.
So uh and then you know in the sort of
what may seem the far future but will
come faster than you think uh you know
using robots on the moon uh to scale up
um manufacturing on the moon which I
know it sounds like super sci-fi right
now but it's going to happen uh will uh
enable us to to build the uh mass
accelerator on the moon and if you have
a mass accelerator on the moon and and
you have solar and radiator production
on the moon. Uh you can uh then I know
this sounds totally nuts, but you you
can you can probably scale to
um a thousand times the economy of Earth
in terms of intelligence launch to
space. Uh but probably you know maybe
even a million times. Um so
you know we are going to land a lot of
tonnage on the moon. We're going to
build the factories on the moon. The
robots will be helpful with that. Um,
and then it's like, well, how much
intelligence would you like, uh, as we,
you know, grow towards being a a cautale
civilization?
&gt;&gt; Did that get that for you, Adam?
&gt;&gt; Your next question comes from the line
of John Goden with Croup. Your line is
open. Please go ahead.
&gt;&gt; Hey, thanks for taking my question. Um,
what one of the hallmarks of SpaceX to
date is how efficiently the organization
has used capital so far in its journey,
but it's also no secret that the capital
needs are significant um to support your
vision from here. Obviously, the
company's moving fast. So, I was hoping
you could talk a bit more about the
capex outlook across the segments, touch
upon any areas where buying verse
building might accelerate growth. the
mobile strategy obviously comes to mind
there and any related thoughts on
capital needs for next steps in extreme
vertical integration like terapab um
anything that's needed to support future
growth thanks
&gt;&gt; yeah no I I appreciate the question I
think we are very proud of how we have
uh we have managed capital allocation
over the years for sure uh and uh you
know I think we are continuing down that
path right if if you look at it um we
have been very efficient
uh to date and I think will continue to
be. You know, if you look at the rest of
this year, uh to answer specifically on
capex, I think you should probably think
that the the next two quarters are very
similar to the current quarter from a
capex level perspective. But I do think,
you know, as you look longer term, I
think capex really I think for our
perspective is all capex is not the
same, right? What we're seeing right now
is a situation where we're able to
deploy, specifically on the AI compute
side, we're able to deploy capital in
such a way that we're getting less than
a one-year payback. It's almost like
your your capital is becoming almost uh
you know a an item that you would put
otherwise in COGS because it's moving so
quickly as far as monetization and
moving into revenue. That's different
than I would say historically on the
SpaceX level where you know we're
building assets that are going to
benefit us from launch sites for the
next couple of decades and and so we
certainly manage for you know optimizing
ROI on our capital uh you know all the
time from that perspective.
Yeah, I'll I'll add a little bit to
that. Um, you know, as as as Brett
mentioned, we are expecting to reach 100
billion uh plus ARR uh in December of
this year. Um, and it's it's probably
also worth mentioning that our internal
projections for reaching a trillion uh
dollars in revenue, not ARR, but
revenue, um, have moved up from 2031 to
2030.
So prior to the IPO, uh the FR financial
projections we had were reaching a
trillion dollars in in revenue uh in
2031. We now expect that to be in in
2030. Um and uh there's a non-zero
chance of that being in 2029.
&gt;&gt; Your next question comes from the line
of Ronald Epstein with Bank of America.
Your line is open. Please go ahead.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Hey, hey, good evening everybody.
Um could you walk through um what you
learned on um Starship launch 13? You
know what was better than expected? You
know what what was worse and then you
know how do we think about this in the
journey to kind of rapid reusability you
know the heat shields so on so forth.
&gt;&gt; Uh sure. So the yeah actually flight 13
I was a little worried about that flight
13 you know because you think of Apollo
13 like things went wrong on that flight
you but um this this flight actually
went incredibly well um the heat shield
uh appears to be very robust. The ship
is still floating uh in the ocean uh and
we expect to recover the ship um and uh
bring it back for analysis.
So I'd say things look look very good.
Um and uh and that's why we uh assuming
we receive regulator regulatory approval
to do so will attempt to uh catch the
ship with the tower on the next flight
which is tenatively scheduled for the
end of this month. Um we expect the
cadence of flights to be uh increasing
rapidly. Um and uh and probably a year
from now uh we will be doing uh at least
one flight a day uh possibly more.
&gt;&gt; Your next question comes from the line
of Doug Anmouth with JP Morgan. Your
line is open. Please go ahead.
&gt;&gt; Thanks so much for taking the questions.
Um Elon, can you elaborate on the key
unlocks from leveraging your rockets and
satellite expertise just in accelerating
the pace of compute build out and then
um totally appreciate the $6.7 billion
in incremental compute deals? Um, can
you talk more about just how you expect
the uh supply demand environment to
persist going forward and whether you'll
be able to keep this kind of premium
pricing for these deals and
sustainability? Thanks.
&gt;&gt; Sure. Um, well, you know, as the saying
goes, you know, nor they say like they
would say like this ain't rocket
science. Well, actually rocket science
is literally our daily business. Um and
uh you know rocket science is a
idiomatic expression for extreme uh
technological difficulty and and there's
a reason for it because the the thing
let me tell you what what rockets
desperately want to do uh every flight
they desperately want to blow themselves
into tiny pieces. Um and uh but then the
engineering struggle is to u convince
the rocket not to blow itself into tiny
pieces and actually deliver payload to
orbit. Um but you'll note that you know
some of our competitors do in fact blow
their rockets up. Um this is not a
reflection on their uh does not mean
they're they're incapable. In fact, I
think our competitors are very smart
people. But despite being very smart,
the rockets still blow up. Um so now if
you apply a small amount of the uh
engineering skill that goes into making
gigantic rockets uh reach orbit on a
regular basis uh reliably to terrestrial
data centers. This is like frankly the
Yankees, New York Yankees going in and
playing a little league team. And it's
it's it's kind of ridiculous, frankly.
Um the the terrestrial data centers are
a trivial problem compared to making
gigantic reusable rockets and which are
launched frequently. Um and the Starling
satellites also are uh like alien level
technology. Um there there's still
nothing that compares to our Starlink V2
satellites and our V3 satellites are
really more than an order of magnitude
better than our V2 satellites. So So you
take a small percentage of that
engineering applied to terrestrial data
centers and you get an amazing outcome.
Um so that's what we're seeing. Um
yeah. Um now from a monetization
standpoint
um
the if you say like what's my best guess
for monetization per watt
um of say Reuben's uh my guess is uh
would would be somewhere between $30 and
$50.
Um this is just a guess. I'm just you
know take a guess as a guess. Um
but but what we're obviously what we're
seeing with AI is that the intelligence
per what is increasing rapidly.
Um so that means the usefulness per what
is increasing rapidly. Um and I think
anyone who's a close follower of the AI
arena um you you you start seeing
smaller and smaller models do more and
more amazing things. Um there's an
argument that um we may get to the point
where even an H100
uh is able to deliver useful AI that's
comparable to um a human engineer.
Um at if you based on current trends I
think that's that's not an impossible
outcome. So then it's like how useful
would that be? I think the usefulness
that would be is going to be extremely
high. Um
I mean if you think of like where was AI
12 months ago? I mean this is 12 months
ago would been August last year. This is
that would have been before the advent
of claude 4.5 which I think is should be
considered one of the the milestones and
a credit to entropic
you know was it was I would say a shock
to the system was how good float 4.5 was
um
and uh and that was you know 10 months
ago basically um and and if you say what
about an AI two years ago I think well
an AI two years ago feels like something
that should be in a museum okay where
you're like, you're not going to believe
this, but two years ago, this was AI um
this relic.
Um so I I think you know by the end of
next year
it's not clear to me that
that there's anything that I that
digital at least that AI won't be able
to do
um based on the current rate of
improvement.
Um then look at the rate at which
uh logic and memory is being produced.
Um and one must always consider the
limiting factor here. Limiting factor
currently is memory. The memory memory
output is increasing
um by around 20% per year. Now, normally
that would be uh fantastically
fast uh and and and amazing
uh for any large mature industry. But
but ask yourself, is the demand
increasing by 20% a year? No, the demand
is increasing by 200% a year, maybe
higher.
So um so if you've got demand increasing
much faster than supply then economics
101 would suggest that the the price
increases
it does not decrease.
&gt;&gt; Your next question comes from the line
of Edison U with Deutsche Bank. Your
line is open. Please go ahead.
&gt;&gt; Hey, good evening. Thank you for for
taking our question. wanted to to come
back on the the comment about the 100
billion in AR. Is there any way you can
can unpack that a little bit and and
perhaps kind of what it takes to to get
there? And then in relation to that,
Elon, I know you mentioned you you
pulled the the revenue target forward by
a year. Can you maybe call out maybe a
few things that that gave you this this
extra confidence? Thank you.
Well, on the unpacking, I think that the
key there is uh it's really growth in
all three of the business segments, but
the biggest piece is and we already
talked about uh you know, additional
business. We've already closed in the
the first couple weeks of of July on the
uh the AI uh cloud services side. But
certainly um as you know we we've
already announced some previous deals
with Google and Anthropic that start to
ramp um either later this quarter or uh
you know in October and so there's a lot
of momentum from that side of the
business as well as we're seeing uh you
know strength in our own models and um
and cursor uh coming into the fold as
well. So it's really all all all three
segments that are that are driving that
but the uh the cloud services piece
being the largest contributor of that
piece.
&gt;&gt; Uh yes like to be clear the the 100
billion AR in December is not a question
mark. That's that's what we were to
achieve if we basically did nothing. So
um like you know so it I think it may be
higher than that. It probably will be
higher than that.
Um
the uh you know I think in terms of the
rel relative percentage of you know
breakdown of like what revenue generates
what um I think the the breakdown's
probably similar to what we we shared
preIPO. Um it's just happening a year a
year sooner. Um and um you know I will
go back to what I said and and what Gwen
and Brett mentioned earlier which is
that we we do expect a very rapid
increase in uh revenue from Starlink
communications from the V3 satellite. um
because like like I said, we're it's
more than 10 times the capability of the
V2 satellite and we'll be launching 10
times as many and and we have the direct
to cell constellation going up as well.
So
um
you know so so some some of you are
looking at the sort of historical growth
of Starlink based on B2 but but we have
a step change a massive step change
happening with the V3 satellite.
&gt;&gt; Your next question comes from the line
of John Hodelik with UBS. Your line is
open. Please go ahead.
&gt;&gt; Great. Thank you. Uh, two things. Uh,
first, Elon, just following up on on
that comment on on Starlink Mobile. Uh,
when do you expect to start launching
the the V2s? Um, can you talk about your
appetite for additional spectrum after
the Echoar deal? And then, um, just just
how big do you think that the
opportunity is is in mobile and and if
you could compare that to the to the
broadband business, that would be great.
And then secondly, just a quick follow
up on the comput. Looks like you're
going to you have a big ramp in compute
coming in 2027. Um, how should we think
of, you know, that capacity being leased
versus used for for, you know, to train
Grock? I guess in other words, you know,
how much of that has to be withheld to
to train Grock versus that can be leased
out to to third parties? Thanks.
&gt;&gt; I'll go ahead and take the Starlink
mobile questions, John. Um, we're going
to start flying the next generation
Starlink mobile satellite. It's
confusing. It's actually the second
version um as opposed to the V3 which is
the broadband next generation broadband
satellite. We're going to start flying
those uh next year. Um and just so you
understand currently the system that
we're operating uses about five
megahertz of bandwidth. Um and we we we
operate that through local telco
providers. We have 65 megahertz of
bandwidth available to us through the
Echoar uh spectrum uh which gives
massive increase in capability. Another
way to look at it is we will also
probably 10x the number of satellites.
So we simplifying you could look at the
the the Starlink mobile leveraging this
um the next generation satellite and the
echoar spectrum as being a hundred times
better 10 times 10 better than what
we've got right now and it's a pretty
decent service. You can do voice and
video calls over um signal and WhatsApp.
Um so we anticipate really strong uptake
of that capability. As far as revenue,
like I'm just going to take a very high
level kind of top down. Um the big three
in the United States, AT&amp;T, Verizon, and
Teemo, roughly between them, $600
billion dollars a year. Um and I
anticipate us to be able to acquire
quite a few of their customers because I
think our service will be better. Um we
will eliminate dead zones leveraging the
um uh the the basically the satellites
in orbit. It'll be better during any
sort of natural disaster because
surprisingly even though space movies
make space look super dangerous is a
pretty quiescent environment. Um and uh
so I'm quite excited about Starlink
mobile going forward. We will start to
fly the satellites next year. Um and we
will start providing service end of next
year.
Um yeah,
&gt;&gt; you're next.
&gt;&gt; I guess I should elaborate on we
obviously have like more than one
question being asked here but um the you
know obviously if somebody's trying to
create a financial model some of these
questions are you have to plug them in
plug in some number here. Uh so for for
grock training we we do expect uh the
the percentage of compute that we use
internally for grock training to to
decrease over time and to have far more
of the compute used for inference uh or
to you know for for renting uh training
inference compute to others. Um so I
would expect maybe
you know 10% of our compute to be used
for grock training something like that.
Your next question comes from the line
of Catgun Marl with Evercore ISI. Your
line is open. Please go ahead.
&gt;&gt; Good afternoon and thanks for taking the
question. I had a follow up on Starlink
Mobile and your ambitions in the US
market in particular. I think a lot of
us are trying to better understand what
a US direct to consumer service could
look like. you know to become a true
fourth US carrier would imply well over
a hundred billion of mobile capex over
time much of it auction spectrum and
green field infrastructure so how are
you weighing that potential build plan
against an MVO or acquisition path and
what's your internal base case on how
far you'll take this ambition or is this
all a little bit too premature at this
point thank you
&gt;&gt; uh the spectrum that we purchased from
Echoar does have terrestrial components.
So we definitely intend to build out
terrestrial um the terrestrial
component. So you will have not only the
um the capacity from the satellites
themselves, but you will have um a
buildout of the terrestrial um basically
the hardware and systems necessary to
make a true mobile service
exactly what you want it to be. Um I'm
I'm not going to talk about the capex
for that. Um it's a little well I don't
want to say it's immature. I'm just
going to say I'm not going to talk about
the capex for that right now. Um but but
let's talk a little let me give a little
hint and that is you could put a base
station um uh a cellular base station on
uh the basically the gear that holds a
Starlink broadband dish. So you can have
kind of these little phento cells uh
around the country and you deploy that
as you need it. you don't have to um
necessarily spend, you know, 10 or many
billions of dollars in low band spectrum
all upfront before you deploy your
system. Um so, uh that's why I don't
want to talk about the capex for
building out the terrestrial because we
have a lot of really kind of great and
new ideas for how we're going to do that
and I think it will be quite capex
efficient.
Yeah, that that point is probably worth
uh just a few more words which is that
um because this is quite an important
point uh you know instead of having to
uh deploy these these very expensive and
difficult to locate uh large uh cellular
base stations uh we we we feel
reasonably confident that uh we can
deploy a large number of sort of small
small stations essentially They're
really just Starlink dishes that also
provide connectivity in the mobile
spectrum bands um and have them be all
over the place. Um and and the the
Starlink antennas are located in uh you
know on on the roofs of of houses and
businesses. So they're you know it's uh
that they've got a a sort of a clear
view uh to you know for for providing
connectivity directly to the cell to
cell phones on the ground. um and and in
fact providing connectivity that is we
think probably better and higher
bandwidth than uh what is currently
available from cellular providers. This
this is a this is an important point.
&gt;&gt; Thank you. With the remaining time we
would like to cover some of the
questions from individual shareholders.
I will read them aloud.
We got a lot of questions on the
progress for Starship human landing
system. Can we provide any updates?
for Starship. Well, well, obviously we
need to make Starship uh super reliable
for satellites uh before we put any
people on board. But but we we are
expecting to have a very high launch
rate and thus achieve um a level of
safety needed for humans very quickly uh
probably by the end of next year.
As far as the milestones go, um
propellant transfer in orbit is critical
to our uh both the our internal SpaceX
as well as our HLS uh ambitions. Artemis
3 mission is next year. That's where we
will dock with um with the Orion
spacecraft. Uh we will follow that up
with a direct to lunar cargo mission
uncrrewed. And then um we want to put
boots on the ground, boots on the moon
in 2028.
For the cursor acquisition, there were
several questions asking about the
combined product roadmap for the
companies once it closes.
Um, I think we'll leave that to um,
we'll probably make some announcement or
discussion of that outside of the owning
school. Um, but we don't want to jump
the gun on regulators for uh, the uh,
closing the acquisition. So, we're
trying to get the acquisition closed as
quickly as possible. I think we're we're
pretty close to that, but but we have to
be wary of sort of jumping the gun on
regulatory closures.
Next question from the individual
shareholders. Once you start launching
broadband V3 satellites, how quickly
will they translate into improved
Starling service?
&gt;&gt; Well, it so we'd need a uh some critical
mass of uh B3 satellites probably at
least on on the order of about a
thousand. Um but um probably that's
you know
I mean approximately second quarter next
year uh would be I think where do we get
get to that point?
&gt;&gt; And our last question is the heat shield
the hardest remaining problem for
Starship.
Um, look, I don't I don't want to jinx
it or anything, but I I think I think we
I think I'd consider the heat shield
problem solved at this point.
Um, now we want to take a close look at
the uh ship that is currently floating
in the ocean. Um, but but all uh all
indications from data and and our visual
inspection
um suggest that the that we have we have
solved the the heat shield problem um
which is uh arguably the single biggest
problem. Um that doesn't mean we won't
make improvements to the heat shield. Of
course, we'll make continue to make
improvements to the heat shield, but I
would say that um we we do not see any
technical obstacles at this point to
achieving uh full and rapid reusability.
&gt;&gt; Thank you. This concludes today's call.
You can reach us at ir.spaceex.com.
spacex.com and we will see you next
quarter. Cheers.
&gt;&gt; This concludes today's call. Thank you
for attending. You may now disconnect.
We got some SAT words in there. We're
doing pretty good. Uh that's helpful, of
course. Uh, and we are now into the
recap. Uh, before we get into the recap,
I wanted to mention that uh, for those
who don't know, I'm about to leave town
on an exciting trip to Ethiopia.
&gt;&gt; Oh,
&gt;&gt; yeah. Why Why wouldn't I do that? And
then I'm uh, Nepal in a few weeks.
Ethiopia in December. Big exciting
places. And I know what you're thinking.
Why on earth would I use chat GPT to
generate an image when I could have
Grock make this? What? Who? What? Ah,
okay fine. So, uh,
&gt;&gt; is uncanny
&gt;&gt; uncanny? I mean, in both cases, but I'd
rather be a fit young Asian man, I
suppose, than uh it doesn't matter.
&gt;&gt; I am very pleased that your face
blindness has once again made me someone
better than I am. So, uh, some exciting
stuff in there, some interesting stuff.
Uh, we did learn, uh, that, uh, I mean,
I don't know if you heard about how
they're handling our poo, uh, but they
are obsessed with our poo and our poo is
solid. Uh, so that's all good, I
suppose. Uh, what was, uh, some big
takeaways you guys heard?
&gt;&gt; Wasn't everything big?
&gt;&gt; Yes. I I'd say for me it's that Starlink
V3 could handle not just becoming the
largest ISP, current largest ISP,
there's two of them in China, over 300
million subscribers, but it could be
bigger than both of them combined quite
easily. Uh, and it's just math. It's
just math. Do you have the bandwidth?
Yes, you're in60 markets. I'll point out
that that is not 160 countries, but
markets. um and growing. So, there's a
lot of room left to grow if you have the
satellites and they will.
&gt;&gt; And they're talking the V3 satellites,
enough of them by second quarter next
year.
&gt;&gt; That is
Yeah,
&gt;&gt; which is just under a year. And they
were saying one launch a day in 12
months time.
&gt;&gt; That's staggering.
&gt;&gt; Yes. Uh, Solo said, uh, I heard they're
going I heard they're going to 5x
compute. And, uh, we've also got, uh,
Gerobi saying, "Come on, Nick. Don't
hold back your thoughts on excited
Elon."
&gt;&gt; What
&gt;&gt; this is, uh, I imagine one of your
viewers.
&gt;&gt; Oh, I I think Yeah, I was all over X.
That was uh
quite the opposite call from what we had
with Tesla.
First of all, I could hear everyone
clearly when Gwen whispered, "Is is Adam
off the call?" I could hear as great.
And uh it sounded good and I mean there
was reasonable organization to it. It
was great.
&gt;&gt; Okay.
Elon Literally said uh they're asking a
bunch of questions uh and people need
some something to plug in for their
numbers. Since when does Elon care about
what people need to plug in for their
numbers?
&gt;&gt; That is also a good question. Uh in
terms of the heat tiles, that was an
answer we needed. There were questions
that were raised when we finally saw the
damage to the heat heat shield to the
tiles. They held up well, but there was
the white powder from the leading edge
of each tile. That is clearly something
uh ablating from beneath. That's not
ideal. But if it's within order,
&gt;&gt; I know I I said maybe it's space
cocaine, but I apparently that's not a
thing.
&gt;&gt; The space cane.
&gt;&gt; Come on. It's got to be, right? Why else
Yeah. Why else would so many people
spend so much money exploiting space?
Uh, so it is it is where Elon's passion
is focused. I don't know if that's true,
&gt;&gt; but he actually said it's probably
solved the heat shield so that they're
confident that they've got through all
the major issues.
&gt;&gt; I think what it means is that they can
use it three times, 10 times, 50 times
before it needs to be addressed and
during those times they can work on the
next generation which we know they will
already be doing anyway.
&gt;&gt; And the question was wider. It was what
are the remaining issues and that was
the only one discussed which you would
indicate there are no remaining uh
&gt;&gt; slower slower cuber says uh booster
maybe booster relight but uh no we have
not I have not heard an answer for that
yet
&gt;&gt; but I mean in terms of hard issues that
there might actually be physical limits
they're hitting
&gt;&gt; oh I see
&gt;&gt; they've actually solved yeah
&gt;&gt; when we saw the flaps burning through. I
questioned if this approach was viable
&gt;&gt; and then they just moved them a bit and
shielded them differently and they
appear to be performing just fine and
you can tell by how uniform the plasma
field is that the ship produces
&gt;&gt; that it is going to plan. Uh so that's
great. Uh Laminar does
&gt;&gt; does want to say visit Starbase if you
haven't. No place on Earth like it. And
we've been telling you for years, the
access will continue to get more
restricted. You're you never know when
your last opportunity to get that close
to them will be.
&gt;&gt; If you look at it in a year's time with
one launch a day, that's going to be
busy. I mean, that's several sites, but
the roads will be closed pretty much all
the time. I don't know if that's a
challenge with the beach and things.
&gt;&gt; Yes. And there is a bit of a legal issue
to it because it's supposed to be a an
unrestricted beach access kind of park,
but it takes a pen to change the
classification and just shut it down.
And for national security reasons, they
may do it. They may do that. Um,
&gt;&gt; pretty exciting. Luna cargo by the end
of next year.
&gt;&gt; I do have a request. Let's talk the
numbers. uh any particular numbers uh
that you guys want to talk about because
we're so early in it and the numbers are
so big that talking about them I fear
would make me sound like a crazy person.
No, the the main points that you're
going to see on CNBC tomorrow,
100 billion in ARR already
annual reoccurring revenue. 100 billion
&gt;&gt; just for renting out their compute.
That's ridiculous.
&gt;&gt; Number two,
break even on their investments on their
capex investment in one year.
S tier, god tier level of break even
would be three years, not one year. So
that's ridiculous.
And
&gt;&gt; yeah,
&gt;&gt; am I the only one that heard Gwen say
that they might have an announcement
after the call later today?
&gt;&gt; Yep, she did.
&gt;&gt; On the if you had told me yesterday,
look, Brian, for real, it's going to be
a two-year payback on those investments,
I'd have said, come on. I mean that's
and uh it's half that. So that's you
know a little bit exciting. Has the
market moved? Are we looking at the post
market down a little more?
&gt;&gt; I Yeah, we we did see a a brief
appearance by a dead cat there. That's
always something
&gt;&gt; worth uh worth celebrating.
&gt;&gt; But uh yeah, it's gone down.
&gt;&gt; That mean that tells me that tells me it
was good news. It always goes down.
Stocks always go down on good news.
&gt;&gt; Exclusivity with Nvidia, that was a big
deal. Uh, and why is that a big deal?
&gt;&gt; Because that once again confirms, and
I've been saying this for a while, that
Elon will continue to get the latest in
the best from Nvidia before anyone else.
&gt;&gt; And this exclusivity guarantees it.
Nobody has Reuben. Elon has Reuben.
&gt;&gt; What about AI7, AI 8? Are we talking
long term? or they giving
&gt;&gt; well this is this is just for uh infant
this is just for you know training the
upcoming
&gt;&gt; well obviously not the cars but yeah but
they were talking about AI7 etc for the
training as well eventually
&gt;&gt; that's pretty far down the road
&gt;&gt; yeah consider that like dojo like
&gt;&gt; it's nice it works out it will work out
for the vehicles and will work out for
Optimus
&gt;&gt; to compete if anything I almost bet you
that this changes kind of their plans
with all that because they signed into
excl I mean okay with the Tesla earnings
call we heard him talk about Micron
thanking Micron directly for what
they've been able to do together and now
with Nvidia he is locking up suppliers
100% and he's thanking them on the calls
he's calling them out on the calls
listen to these calls listen what Elon's
saying that's the place to be investing
right now
&gt;&gt; well the crazy thing is if you're Nvidia
you want your chips to get out and get
into use as quickly as possible and it's
I don't want to sell them to XYZ uh you
know AI company who will
&gt;&gt; chatbot company yeah
&gt;&gt; who will build them in a year who will
have it online in a year when I can sell
it to a company that can have it online
in 30 40 days delivery
&gt;&gt; but making breakthroughs huge strides
revolutionary things with it because
Nvidia GPU You want that to be tied to
the latest and greatest and biggest
breakthrough with AI, not just Yeah, I
got another chatbot on my website.
&gt;&gt; Cool.
&gt;&gt; I mean,
&gt;&gt; super. That's Yeah.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. That's
&gt;&gt; What about my bluep,
&gt;&gt; right?
&gt;&gt; 15 to 20 gawatt of power ready for for
those extra chips as fast as I can build
them.
&gt;&gt; Okay, but come on. Did Am I crazy? Gwen
said something about an announcement
after the call. Like, are we
&gt;&gt; Yeah, she did.
&gt;&gt; She did another one possibly today. She
said, "Yeah."
&gt;&gt; Did anyone tell her that I'm busy later?
Cuz I can't probably cover it.
&gt;&gt; I don't think fit young Asians are her
type, Brian.
&gt;&gt; I don't know if anyone came in too late
to catch that. Uh, but I will show it
again. This is the picture we're we're
discussing here. Uh this is I'm going to
Nepal in a couple weeks, Ethiopia in a
couple months and uh all your support
helps. These are countries with very
exciting electrification stories.
Ethiopia has damned the Nile 5.3 gawatts
of power from the Grand Renaissance Dam
and uh they are sick of sending their
pro dollars overseas. They banned the
import of passenger and light duty gas
burners in 2024.
How's it going? I don't know. I'll let
you know soon enough. But it's uh very
exciting stuff. And that was the picture
that AI decided I am. And you can tell
it's me. You can absolutely tell it's me
because I'm wearing a hat that says
futurazza.
That's me, right? I'm pretty sure it is.
&gt;&gt; I recognize you by the triceps. But
&gt;&gt; yeah. Yeah. It's weird because last time
you said it was the glutes, but okay.
So,
&gt;&gt; no. Last time it was by the nipple to
nipple hug we had. That's so first of
all, you're a foot taller. That was that
was my face. So, uh, also thank you for
that. There's a reason you bought
&gt;&gt; you motor budding. You motorboating son
of a gun.
&gt;&gt; What movie? Come on. What movie?
&gt;&gt; Wedding Crashers. So, it's uh two and a
half hours we've been doing this. We're
a little I'm a little punchy, so it's
got to it's got to be
&gt;&gt; on with Randy.
&gt;&gt; Oh, Lord. Yes, that's that's
also how it works. Uh,
&gt;&gt; what about a quick little little look at
the AI Gro 5 by the end of the year?
&gt;&gt; We should have some Optimus. It's going
to be the best engineers in the world. I
mean, what is an Optimus going to be
capable of with that inside it?
&gt;&gt; Well, we don't we don't know. Uh we're
having a little side chat, me and a
viewer, about the people that we may or
may not know who work for Tesla and work
on Optimus and how exceptionally tight
lipped they are and how they uh have
been very good at keeping it under
wraps. And what we do know for certain
is what Optimus 2 and 2.5
can do in a limited context. What we
don't know is any of the improvements in
the last year and a half, two years that
uh make it ready for commercialization
at the end of this year. And that is
where all the magic is. People are com
too ready to compare it to the latest
demo out of China while ignoring that
two years of progress has happened since
you've really seen what optimist can do.
You're almost two years. It'll be two
years in October. So,
&gt;&gt; and it will be all of the new motors,
all of the new everything designed from
scratch, uh, scalable, etc.
&gt;&gt; Reasonable to assume, all reasonable to
assume. And to the people saying it,
&gt;&gt; it'll never work. I say, great. Then it
doesn't matter if you believe or I
believe it's it's either going to happen
or not going to happen, either way.
&gt;&gt; What about the other way around? Was
there anything in there that was bad
news? I didn't see anything.
Oh.
Uh,
&gt;&gt; so why is the stock down still?
&gt;&gt; Because the market is irrational
&gt;&gt; or it's rational.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; Or maybe we're the rational ones.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Yeah. All true. Anything else we
uh need to get to? Anything else the
audience needs us to get to? Now is the
time to mention it. I need to mention
that Nick Gibbs has a wonderful channel
called Investing Against the Grain. And
if you haven't checked it out, you
should. Your viewers are here in strong
numbers. Thank you guys for hanging out.
Uh, subscribe to him there. And, uh, for
that matter, if you're on Nick's
channel, you can, uh, check out mine,
Futurza, as uh, as listed, uh, right
there. Right there. It says it. And I do
constant videos, all that. And I'm fun.
&gt;&gt; I can't hear you say it without hearing
this music. I say this to you every
time. I
Every single time in my head is you you
brainwashed me. you me.
&gt;&gt; We do have to mention the lockups are
coming and I've got an article here
about that. We've got a bunch of lockups
uh expiring. So, let's talk about that
real quick. Are you worried about it,
Nick? The first lockup opens two days
from now uh after two days after the
earnings call. That was today. Um and so
this is all about that. But where is it?
&gt;&gt; No, I I'm not worried about it. Um
honestly, I was more worried just about
this earnings call. Um I I actually
think uh this is this was this was a wow
for a first earnings call ever. This was
no notes. This is absolutely beautiful.
I don't think people I don't think the
market yet understands what 100 billion
ARR incompete and capex. I mean they
this is the earnings call that they
wanted Meta to have and Zuckerberg
didn't tell them. They talked about
where the capex is going. They talked
about where the ROIC is going to come
from and they talked about when they
talked about all of it. And then um as
far as the lockups go, I here's the
thing. The markets are interesting.
Markets are forward-looking. So, while
we don't know what individuals are going
to do when they're unlock when they are
allowed to buy or sell uh after their
lockup window,
one, I don't think a lot of these SpaceX
investors or um institutional private
equity investors are going to just sell
out at these levels, especially when
they know what the road map is. They've
had opportunities to lighten up every 6
months prior to going public. So,
there's been a lot of opportunity there.
Um, again, maybe some will, but I don't
think it'll be really that meaningful.
And I think the market's really good at
factoring a lot of this stuff in ahead
of time. If anything, I mean, call me
crazy. I kind of think that the market
might have or SpaceX might have sold off
more so in anticipation for this. But
also remember as that unlock happens,
the indexes have to also add or get to
add uh to their allocation. So there's a
lot of dynamics here. Uh but I think I
think everything gets bought up pretty
quickly and efficiently. But that's just
my take. We'll find out together. We
will I uh have seen people say, "Oh, the
employees, the early investors, none of
them will sell." Well, I would agree
that few will sell the majority of their
holdings. But I think it's crazy to
assume that a whole lot of the employees
wouldn't sell some percentage to have
some cash to reward themselves for the
years of hard work, the years of uh
patience and dedication, whether it's
just money they put in or their blood
and sweat. So, it is uh
But but it wouldn't be a huge amount is
what I'm saying.
&gt;&gt; But but even then like there's other
things that you would probably prefer to
do at this point at these levels. You
could take out a loan against it. You
could just sell cover calls to get
income and if it doesn't get up to that
then hey you got your money and you
didn't have to sell your shares. Like
there's all kinds of better things you
could do rather than just selling the
stock at these levels. Uh so I you know
and I have to imagine that inside SpaceX
they're doing some type of education for
a lot of these people if they're
employees if they're funds or p or VCs
or whatever they already know everything
I'm saying. Well, I will tell you that
as a former banker, I would see a lot of
employees who came in and I I get to see
all their finances when they apply for a
mortgage. And I would see people who
would have stock options in tech
companies who would liquidate all of it
every time as soon as they could at 33%
vested. They'd cash the whole thing out.
And that that sounds crazy. There were
only a handful who did that. there were
a lot more that would take that would
cash it out in full as soon as it was
100%. But uh then the dot bubble crashed
burst and a lot of those idiots who are
taking a a 70% haircut were the only
ones who walked away with money. Uh so
it's
&gt;&gt; I am not comparing SpaceX to uh you know
pets.com
but uh there could be a massive massive
bubble burst and the big dogs are
unlikely to falter. The the well-moneyed
AI companies are going to remain well-
moneyed. It doesn't reduce the demand
for the product. It just reduces the
number of players capable of selling to
them. So I think SpaceX would come out a
real winner in a scenario like that.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. And and I don't think that there
can be a AI bubble bursting because
there is no
there there is no buildup in that
bubble. Ford pees are very low. Earnings
are very big and bountiful. These
companies are making crazy amounts of
money with crazy growth and we have not
seen the PE multiples grow the way they
did during the dotcom bubble. That was
the exact inverse. It was extreme you
know inflation of of uh price to
earnings ratio with no earnings. This is
the exact inverse which makes this
extremely strong. So if there's anything
that uh any type of bubble that bursts,
it will be a leverage bubble because
people are getting over their skis just
like we saw in South Korea and we saw
with um situational awareness uh fund.
But that in my opinion is nothing to do
with the AI investments in the
companies. That is just a leverage issue
which we see happens time to time. I
will tell you another thing that made
the the.com bubble more tenuous is that
the companies were doing a weird bit of
triangle trading of imaginary money
where the three of us are three
different companies and I'm going to
give you three million a month for
something and you're going to give it to
John and he's going to give it to me and
then uh and we're going to do this all
directions all the time. And the first
company that ran out of cash said,
"Okay, the first thing I'm going to do
is cancel all these outgoing expenses
and then all of their money dried up and
then all of the the imaginary floating
money
disappeared. It just disappeared. H
because none of it was ever real and
anybody at an executive level in any of
those companies should have known better
and nobody went to jail." Uh but that's,
you know, the American way.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. I uh today Gavin Baker dropped a
uh podcast or interview that he was on.
I can't stress enough that people should
go watch it. Um he is literally out this
entire month out in SF and SV or San
Francisco, Silicon Valley, and he's
meeting with all these companies and
just trying to get a beat on what, you
know, trying to challenge himself and
what he thinks is happening. And
essentially he talks throughout this on
how the AI demand is insatiable right
now. I'm essentially everything SpaceX
just said and that the market is kind of
missing it with the whole July selloff
that we saw. Um and essentially what
he's saying is that right now companies
are renting out GPUs per hour at about
$2 an hour. And right now, a lot of
those leases are ending and they have to
renew the leases and they're hoping to
be able to get it only at only $4 an
hour rather than $2. That's how much
things are increasing in price in just a
matter of six, seven months. So, the
demand is just ridiculous right now. So,
it's a fantastic interview. This is
literally what Gavin, this is his like
specialty that he did at Fidelity was in
the semiconductor space. So he's very
knowledgeable. Uh but it was a fantastic
interview. I cannot stress enough.
Everyone should go watch it. It's good
for your market awareness just to take a
beat, understand what's happening in
this space right now.
&gt;&gt; Uh interesting stuff in the chat.
&gt;&gt; Okay. And by the way, when I said Nick
has an options course, he doesn't pay
me. So uh that was also a sincere uh
comment.
&gt;&gt; So guys, in the in the chat, uh anything
else we should cover? There was a lot in
there. A lot of it is exciting. Uh,
obviously this means the Tesla phone is
real. That's not what it means. That's
not what it means, guys. Don't get
excited. It is designed to be used with
regular phones that are already either
deployed or in development. Companies
like Samsung, uh, companies like Apple,
uh, will make sure their devices are
compatible. It's bandwidth that's
already allotted for the cellular
spectrum. So
&gt;&gt; Nick's sweater,
&gt;&gt; that was my Chimal sweater, everybody.
&gt;&gt; You know, I actually have a I have a
theory on that uh
&gt;&gt; on your sweater.
&gt;&gt; No, I don't know if you're wrapping up
or not, but
&gt;&gt; No, I mean, we can do whatever.
&gt;&gt; No. So, I have a theory. So, I don't
think SpaceX or Tesla are going to be
making a phone. Actually, I think what
they're what SpaceX will do is make a
home device. And what I think is going
to eventually happen is that the idea of
Grock will be to not make money off
Grock. Instead, I think the idea will be
Grock will be just it will be no
different than the supercharge
supercharger network where it's a
necessity for the fleet for FSD for
autonomy. And yeah, obviously they want
to break even. If they can make a little
money, great. But that's not the goal.
And so I think the idea of a gro is just
to be the connective tissue through
everything whether it's your car, your
phone, your optimus, your computer, or a
device in your house. And so if you can
get Gro to be what stitches everything
and you can carry a conversation from
something you're typing on your computer
to your car to get your car in your Home
Depot and you just ask like, "Hey, what
was that product number again?" or "What
aisle was that thing in?" you know, and
so you just have this almost omniresent
of a LLM. The beauty is that SpaceX or
Tesla or maybe when they merge the
company, they have all these other
mechanisms to generate revenue and
profits. They can offer Grock at cost.
This is the ultimate competitive mode
against an OpenAI, an anthropic or
anyone else. whereas they have to make
money on their LLMs and they're
frantically trying to figure out how to
create apps rather than just make money
off their tokens. Hence why you see
Anthropic trying to get into all these
spaces and freaking out the whole
software world. So I think this is the
next step is that's all that SpaceX is
missing is something in the home kind of
like your Alexa or whatever you know
their own spin kind of thing. And I
don't think they're going to make a
phone because why make a phone and go
down that avenue when hey let's just cut
out AT&amp;T, T-Mobile, Verizon and make a
direct relationship with with Apple
direct to the phone or with Samsung
direct to the phone and cut out the
middleman. We both get margin and hey,
life's good. I I I could see something
like that.
&gt;&gt; That's uh that's exciting. I think
that's all possible because there's a
big chunk of the equation that you don't
want to deal with that I don't want to
deal with and that's the customer.
&gt;&gt; Yeah,
&gt;&gt; great. Let's let Apple do it. Let's let
Samsung do it.
&gt;&gt; They're great at it.
&gt;&gt; They're great at it. They're great at
it. Samsung, I have had issues with
Samsung appliances in the past. I don't
trust them the way I used to. Uh, which
is unfortunate, but
&gt;&gt; what are you going to do?
&gt;&gt; Oh, hold on.
&gt;&gt; That's that's their problem.
&gt;&gt; What's happening here? I'm trying to
imagine what CERN's charts are going to
look like if we've got 10 gawatt of
compute next year
&gt;&gt; and it only takes one
&gt;&gt; only one year to only one year to pay
for it. So what's the profit the year
after
&gt;&gt; as it begins to compound? It's going to
be crazy. And 10 gigawatts by the way is
greater than uh the you know u
production of some countries
which is its own problem uh but not one
I'm qualified to address. Did something
happen Nick? Is something going on?
&gt;&gt; Um I don't know. Hold on.
Hold on. Stand by.
&gt;&gt; All right. Um,
&gt;&gt; there's just weird action SpaceX right
now.
&gt;&gt; Well, there's also, for those curious,
weird action in this channel, so check
that out. Uh, uh,
&gt;&gt; yeah, I don't know.
&gt;&gt; I think this is as good a place to wrap
it as any. Two hours and 43 is
sufficient. To those in the poll earlier
who guessed one to two guests, you
guessed correctly. uh to those
suggesting it would be in the 40s to
60s. I don't know what you were
thinking. It would have been pretty
epic, but also sheer chaos. A lot of
fun. So guys, what did we miss? What do
we misunderstand? If you're catching
this on the replay, you got to let us
know in the comments. Everyone else,
like, subscribe, do what you do. Stay
tuned. Stay juicy. And I cannot wait to
hear from you. Clever robots on the
flippity flap.
&gt;&gt; Goodbye. See you soon.
the