Channel:     futureaza
Title:       Tesla Heating Up, Batteries Speeding Up & Lidar Crashing Out - Monday News Roundup
URL:         https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HC4u8e83VFk
Published:   2026-08-03 04:23 UTC
Fetched:     2026-08-03 19:00 UTC

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Good morning to my friends on the west
coast. Good afternoon to everyone on the
east coast, I guess. And east of there.
It is uh August 3rd, 3rd of August,
2026. We're covering the news and we've
got a whole lot to get to. Some good
news on Cybert trucks, some good news on
uh Tesla sales and deliveries, some
great news on battery technology, and a
whole lot more. Uh solar really picking
up steam. Does it pick up steam? I'm
Brian. Welcome to Futurazza. If you're
new here, the way this works every
Monday is that I go through a whole
bunch of news stories. Leave some time
at the end to address the Q&amp;A. Rapid
fire. Let's get to it. Hey, do you know
that Tesla quietly made the Cybertruck
even stronger? The skid plate. It is now
carbon fiber. Uh it's stronger. It's uh
lighter. It's uh possibly cheaper.
Possibly not. But hey, uh it has it.
It's carbon fiber now.
Good job, I suppose. Hey, let's talk
about the European EV sales report. This
is as of June. Some manufacturers take a
long time to get their numbers out. Uh,
so we have uh some good news in that uh
overall A segment leaders. Whoa, we're
doing it by segments. Okay, good job
Fiat Panda. Good job, DACA. Overall C
segment. But if you want to look at the
D, the D segment leaders, Model Y,
34,000, Model 3 17,000.
That's big. Did you see the numbers
before? We're talking like 5 to 8,000 in
other categories. E-Class E segment
4600.
That's quite a gap. And if we look at
totals, 34,480
for Tesla, Model Y, 18,000 for the Model
3. Now, the ATO 2 pretty small and
almost all hybrids. That dark blue
indicates hybrids and so on. Uh, so
that's pretty darn good news in Europe.
Why don't we look at worldwide? Uh huge
thanks to our friends at Clean Technica.
Jose put this up. Uh 30% EV share across
Europe for June. High oil prices will do
that. Top selling electric vehicles in
the world. Model Y 153,000 followed
distantly by the song/ Seal. Wait a
minute. The Song and Seal are two very
different cars. That's like the 3 and Y
combined into one. That's like calling
the Model Y a 3 plus
and even still 26 thou 27,000
in pure electric. That is a gap. So even
if you look at the model 3 compared to
the song plus the seal, the only way it
wins in gets into second place is by
combining two models, very different
models. Now, if you add up the all the
different segments, including the
Dolphin and the Dolphin Mini, BYD,
selling quite well. You know where else
Tesla's selling well? A country they
only recently went into last year,
Colombia. Model Y distant leader again.
Sales up 61.6%. Well, there's only so
much you can go up to, right? How how
are they doing? Well, remarkably well.
Uh Tesla Model Y is 7.9%
of new cars. What? 1 in 12 new cars sold
in Colombia is a Model Y.
Well, maybe Colombia's on my list for a
future visit. I mean, it'd be
interesting. I just don't know. I don't
know how much topic there is there to
cover because I haven't been there. Um
BYD July sales jumped 21.8% 8% as
overseas deliveries hit fresh record.
Here's your 26 numbers compared to 25
and 24. BYD, as we just saw in Colombia
and Europe, selling remarkably well. It
just keeps adding up. BYD uh does have
uh affordable cars that are reasonably
good. [snorts] But if you want the last
bit of really good news here before we
get into some news that might not be as
good. Free supercharging to all EVs for
Europe wildfire relief. Yeah, there's
areas with wildfires and Tesla has that
ability. They can just say, uh, look, we
know you may need to get out, uh, get on
the road, get away, get to safety. Uh,
why don't we not charge you for that?
Why don't we help you do that? Yeah, but
but most people are going to just take
advantage of it. Yeah, but some aren't.
And we're not going to let lives be lost
over something preventable. That's kind
of nice to see.
So, is that the end of the good news or
is there more? I mean, up 4% today.
That's pretty good, I suppose. You know,
it's still at 323, far off its recent
highs. If you go to 6 months, you'll see
that's quite a bit of red. Uh, but those
are all Christmas colors. So, uh, let's
find some better good news, shall we?
[snorts] We've identified PCS
electronics in pre2026 Cybert trucks
that do not meet our reliability
standards and have made design changes
to address this in newer vehicles. Made
a video about this two months ago with
Craig from Red Review. I've got a
follow-up with Craig coming in a few
hours. Please check back to see all
that. We'll cover it more extensively.
The long and short of it is they have
extended the warranty on that part
significantly. And uh yeah, model 24 and
25 8year 150,000 and if you've already
had it repaired at your expense, they'll
refund you. That's great. That's what
you want to hear. So, let's talk about
batteries, shall we? Batteries around
the world. And by around the world, I
really mean in China. Cattle net profit
jumps 42%. CL, the world's largest EV
battery manufacturer by a lot. uh based
in China is uh showing good numbers.
Their margins are up, their revenue is
up. A lot of companies use their course.
And why? Because they make good
batteries. And they've got the new ultra
fast charging battery for light
commercial vehicles with a million
kilometer warranty. So if you want to
use their new one,
80% of your charge in 7 minutes or less.
Wow, that's great. Well, what if they
Yeah, but doesn't that fry the battery?
I mean, maybe. But they're giving you a
600,000 milei warranty. [snorts] So, if
it's not great, if it's not acceptable,
I mean, it's insane. So, yeah, this is a
big deal. Megawatt charging for cars.
And that's just one manufacturer because
Chinese EV flash charging arms race
heats up as FAW joins the frey with
sub4minute charge.
These aren't on paper. Some of these are
still on paper, but a lot of these are
already out in the market. BYD has their
mega chargers in deployment. Uh Kyle
Connor has taken a car to a a mega to a
yeah mega charger and gotten it charged.
They don't call it that, a flash
charger. FAW group announced today that
its brand Hongchi in collaboration with
Leysan battery has completed charging
performance tests for a new 25 degree C
for a new I don't think that's parts
right. The result demonstrated good
performance with the battery charger
from 10 to 70 in 3 minutes 41.
Now we're also seeing faster charging
from the Porsche Cayenne. Uh Kyle Connor
also tested that out and oh I guess it
was 25 degrees.
No, no, no. Anyway, we've got Blade
Battery 2.0. 10 to 70 in five minutes.
10 to 9798 in 9 minutes. 9 minutes.
That's ridiculous. [snorts] Cattle's
third gen battery 6 minutes. Energy
Golden Brick, which is what's used by
Link End Co. 8 minutes for I mean, these
are ridiculous charging speeds and
they're only getting more and more
common.
This Chinese automaker just beat BYD
with a battery that charges in eight
minutes. This is the Hongchi one we were
just talking about. This is important
because Hongchi is uh Isn't this the one
that's a cousin to Volvo? I don't know.
Maybe.
Nope. Must be a different one. Maybe
it's Maybe it's the FAW.
No. Uh maybe it's on the next one. We'll
find out. Anyway, these are real
batteries uh that are doing amazing
things. Uh these are coming to market
very quickly. Here it is. The Lincoln
Co. will charge uh from 10 to 70 in 4
minutes. This is a sister brand of
Volvo. That means that Volvos could be
getting this battery at some point
worldwide. Uh this car won't be coming
to the UK sadly, but the tech might make
its way here eventually. These are uh
pretty crazy. And that's a good-looking
car. It's a good-looking modern sedan.
Uh 900vt architecture. Wild. And again,
can you trust it? Well, the warranties
are very long, so you don't have to
trust too much. And the cars do have
internal health monitoring. And China
sets a new accuracy rule with a 5% error
limit. Can only be off by 5%. So this is
there's a lot of battery rules coming
out of China. Uh they can't burn. They
can't burn. There has there's very
strict rules on how quickly they can
burn. The battery warranties are quite
long and now displayer is capped at 5%.
So all good stuff. Dongfang rolled out
in-house developed 1,500 kW charger to
rival BYD's flash charger. This
technology is real. It is happening. It
is everywhere. You know what's less
real? You know what's less happening?
Volvo's uh liar. We're dropping it. This
was the wrong approach. It turns out if
only someone had told us. Hey, someone
did. Uh you just didn't listen. Uh so
for Norwegian customers, they're getting
18,000 croner back for features that
will never arrive.
That's unfortunate. Uber agrees to
invest up to 1.2 2 billion in Rivian and
purchase up to 50,000 R2s. Here's why.
Riven may be a sneaky robo taxi winner.
Okay, so Uber is partnering with
absolutely anyone who will say yes. It's
got a dance card. They're just putting
all the names on there in pencil. If
Rivian can deliver a full robo taxi,
Uber will buy them. Why wouldn't they? I
mean, a memorandum of understanding
would be sufficient for this. The real
problem is Rivian believes they're going
to have this available like immediately
end of this year, maybe next year. And
starting from zero and getting to that
level, believing you can get to that
level suggests to me you do not yet
fully understand the scale of the
challenge. The magnitude is
breathtaking. So yeah, buy them through
2031 contingent on certain milestones.
Yeah, it has to work. That's the tricky
part. So, let's uh shift over and have a
little bit of a chat about some uh
SpaceX type stuff, shall we? Giant
satellite internet company planning
chapter 11 bankruptcy.
Yeah, that's not good. This is the uh
Hughes one. Echoar's Hughes network
system. They've got a real problem. $
1.5 billion note due yesterday. The
bankruptcy filing allowed them to
postpone that. Um this is a real
problem. These are geostationary
satellites. They're very far away. The
ping time is bad. The coverage area is
massive. And as a result, the speed is
very slow. The real problem is they've
been bleeding subscribers. 1.5 million
in 2020. They're down to 681,000 now.
That's [clears throat]
that's a problem. That's a problem. You
can't lose over half your customers and
remain healthy. uh your margin just
wasn't that big. Uh so they have uh an
inability to compete with Starlink. The
low Earth orbit satellites are able to
provide vastly better service, vastly
more bandwidth, vastly greater speeds
and a ping time under two seconds. Uh
you know ping time comparable to what
you would experience with terrestrial
internet. So this is yeah a bit of a
problem.
for companies like this. And I know what
you're saying. They should uh they
should they should sell to Starlink.
Nah, Starlink doesn't want those
satellites. And they've already sold the
bandwidth to to Starlink and T-Mobile.
So, they have been they were going to be
doing cell coverage and cell coverage
with a long lag would be just awful.
Just the worst. having to wait a second
or two between you talking and me
talking. Oh, so they've sold off their
bandwidth to T-Mobile and Starlink did
not raise enough money. Uh, how could
they? So, yeah, let's talk about SpaceX.
Jim Kramer says it's too soon to buy the
dip. Here's why we should wait. Well,
Jim Kramer's never wrong, is he? Mhm.
Uh, how could he be? He's such a clever
fella. Jim Kramer says it's too soon to
buy. So, why don't we take a look and
see how uh SpaceX is doing since the
28th because we have the benefit of
hindsight. Let's see. Um, okay. Turns
out Jim Kramer is incorrect. This is the
28th and we are up, you know, 1% since
then. So, once again, reverse Kramer
strikes uh masterfully.
Uh just wanting to ask uh sound good
sound good. We do have a poll going. I
should show the poll real quick. The
poll question is uh did you remember to
like this video? Where's the poll?
Doesn't show right there. Well, yeah,
there it is. Yeah. Did you Did you Did
you Did you Did you That's a valid
question. [snorts] Let's talk about
energy and energy storage. See how we're
doing on time. Great on time.
World's largest offshore converter to
deliver 6 billion kilowatt hours of
clean power a year. Sevenstory steel
superstructure weighs 25,000 metric
tons. I don't know how much that is.
That doesn't help me. Just show the
picture. It's huge. China's just
installed the world's largest offshore
converter station off the coast of
Guangdong, which is set to transmit 6
billion kilowatt hours of clean energy
every year. We don't need to go into it.
It's the It's a record-breaking
converter station. Of course, it is.
It's huge. Pakistan added 27 gawatts of
distributed solar in 2325. From 23 to 25
as consumers move off grid. Distributed
that means the stuff at you know your
house, the stuff that you uh have your
stuff. Uh so between financial year uh
yeah 23 to 25.2%
growth. Uh, it's helpful. Every bit
helps. Let's make this a little easier
to read. Uh, RWE begins construction of
236 megawatt battery energy storage
system at Hambach Mine in Germany.
Look at that. That's a lot of juice, my
friend. Um, these are the things we need
to see. These help with elimination of
uh gas peaker plants. Gas peaker plants
very inefficient. Uh, very expensive to
operate. I mean, they are very efficient
on a peruse basis, but they're very
inefficient in terms of the time it
takes them to come online and the amount
of time you end up leaving them on
relative to what you need. They end up
saving a ton of money when they go with
battery systems. Hopefully, they used a
reputable battery supplier because if
you don't, you're going to have a tough
time. Here's an interesting one on the
battery front. California's geothermal
plants bring 21,000 tons of lithium to
the surface every year, then pump the
metalrich brine back underground. One of
the biggest clean energy opportunities
uh lies beneath the salt and sea. Enough
dissolve lithium to supply batteries for
millions of electric vehicles,
but it's kind of the wrong kind. It's
not spotamine. It's uh it's a brine. So,
there would be additional processing
costs which today would make it not cost
effective. it can be in the future.
There are also other metals dissolved
within it that are valuable. Manganese
is in there. I don't remember the
others. Uh but it is, you know, you
could uh have other things that come out
of it that are valuable. This is being
pumped back underground because today
it's not quite usable. Um you know what
is usable? A subscription. You can just
subscribe. I'm trying to get to 100,000.
I promise I will stop bugging you once I
do, at least for a while. But it is a a
Sysophian task to get there. [snorts]
And I do have some trips coming up. I'm
going to Nepal in about two weeks. I'm
going to Ethiopia in a few months to
cover the exciting electrification
stories there. You can support me a
variety of ways. Link in the
description. You can also just
subscribe. You can do whatever you want,
man. It's a It's a free world. You've
got free will. It's crazy. EV pricing
are not following the law of used cars,
analysts say what it means for buyers
and sellers. Used cars get cheaper and
cheaper over time. That's not the case
right now. What we're seeing is used car
prices increasing. The tradein that you
could be offered on your EV today may be
more than it was a month or 3 months
ago. We do have this interesting
situation where the buyer incentive went
away and the prices have adjusted
accordingly. You you're not going to
pay, you know, $33,000 for a car used
that you could buy new for 40 with a
$7,500 credit. It has to be cheaper than
the new car. It has to. Well, the new
cars have gotten more expensive. The
used car prices have followed that. And
electric cars hold up quite well
typically. In part because there's so
many fewer moving parts to go wrong. And
in part because without a motor
vibrating the heck out of you at 150,000
mi, you'll find a lot of these cars are
remarkably free of squeaks and rattles.
Lucid Motors wants 50,000 to unlock a
salvage title. Rich rebuilds bit
dramatic, but he's not wrong. they
discovered that this car was a salvage.
There's nothing wrong with the car. It's
straight. It's uh it doesn't have, you
know, structural damage. It's just that
the cars are so expensive that it was
totaled out. [snorts]
So, when he was trying to buy just
cosmetic parts for it, they discovered
for which car and said, "No, you have to
do a whole body swap to pull all those
components out and put them in a new
body and it's going to be between the
labor and the parts 50 grand. So, that's
not great. That's not what I want to
see. Um, this is a kind of a tiny story,
kind of a weird little story. This is uh
in Texas, Tesla has been found to have
uh taken up leases in two very large
buildings, millions of square feet, it
appears. Uh, for what purpose? Unknown.
It appears that they are uh warehouses.
So, it could just be warehousing,
logistics, parts. Uh unknown
man starts series production of MCS
ready electric trucks. MAN big heavy
truck maker uh has municipal uh what is
it saying here? Uh megawatt charging uh
at its Munich plant. Uh these are MCS.
[clears throat] You can see the handle,
the little plug right there. It is that
nice big Superman uh triangle. And
they're going to start series
production. So that's great. It's
competitive. Uh the pricing probably
less. So, uh Elon said money won't
matter and then rolled out X money.
Admitted he's a former trillionaire.
What are you doing? Fortune, you're
making yourself look bad.
Admitted facts are facts. People were
angry because he was a billionaire. So,
he ceased to be a billionaire. People
were even angrier. Now, he's gone back
to being a billionaire. You're still
angry. There's no pleasing you guys.
What are we doing?
um money doesn't matter. Well, he has
enough that for him it doesn't. And he
has said that he is going to do
something with it. I made a video about
that last week, a few days ago, saying
Elon has said, "I'm going to do
something like charity. Not charity, but
something important with the money."
He's long said that he wants to use it
to get to Mars. Not himself necessarily,
but perhaps humans definitely. Maybe
that's what he will spend it on. I got a
lot of very angry comments from people
who did not watch the video saying, "How
dare you or anyone try to tell someone
else how to spend their money?" I'm
like, "Well,
he said it. I mean, unless you're
calling him a liar, I don't know. I
don't know what we're doing here." But
yeah, there's a possibility that
abundance could become so substantial
that money itself doesn't mean what it
used to, doesn't mean what it did what
it does today. And to that I would say I
mean I don't see that path but I'm not
as visionary. Um and it's worth noting
that there are a lot of people who said
that nuclear power would be so cheap it
would be pointless to even bother
metering it. That never came to fruition
for a bunch of practical reasons. So you
know who knows? Money's all relative.
Speaking of which, I did get X money
yesterday. I don't know. Is that
exciting? I I have no idea yet. Tesla
sued for 10 million over alleged test
track drive gone wrong. This is very
important, you guys. Maybe the most
important story ever. [snorts] This guy
uh checked out test drove a Model Y
performance and they didn't tell me that
it was going to have a lot of get up and
go, so I stomped on it and I crashed.
They have to tell you that a performance
model that you're test driving because
it's a performance model has strong
performance and now you're suing because
you crashed it. My friend, I am not a
fan of this approach. What is wrong with
you? So, good luck with that, I guess,
would be my overarching theme. Got one
more story to get to and then we'll do
the Q&amp;A as quick as we can. Cybertruck
supplier disputes the ransom claim. says
Tesla left them with 11.9 million in
costs. So, what's going on is this
manufacturer that Tesla had said was uh
holding their goods hostage and their
equipment hostage. This company's fired
back saying, "We don't know which
equipment you were referring to. We
spent $11 million tooling up our own
stuff. Is that I mean, do you want us to
give you our stuff? I don't understand."
But more importantly, you promised us a
bunch of orders. Promise is the wrong
word.
When you place parts orders, you place
them far into the future, even years if
you wish, so that the manufacturer of
the parts knows how many to anticipate.
If [snorts] you're telling me you're
going to, you know, buy a 100,000 of
this particular item, I'm going to staff
and tool accordingly. Those orders don't
become real until about 90 days out. And
then at that point, you're on the hook
for them. You're buying them. your your
projected order becomes a real order and
they uh those orders failed to
materialize because Cybertruck volume
very low. What's the reality? We don't
know. Probably somewhere in between.
Let's [snorts] get into the Q&amp;A, shall
we? And I'm going to go ahead and hide
that. Don't need that.
How is everybody? How you guys doing?
What's new? How how's how's your mom?
Okay, now get to the in the show ones.
[clears throat] Average price per BYD.
That is a great question. Definitely
lower than Tesla. Certainly for those
models [clears throat] shown the BYYD
Song and Seal are realistically within
about 20% of a three or Y. They may even
be about the same price, but it's tough
to say. Average selling price definitely
lower.
morning fail train charging speed. Just
because you can doesn't mean you should.
Why not? Why not? It's something where I
would only use it a few times a year
when I'm on the road. Um, and by a few
times, I mean a few trips a year. So,
maybe 10, 20 times a year. The rest of
the time would be charging at home. The
battery will survive is what the
manufacturers are saying. And they're
putting their money where their mouth
is. So, I have no reason to doubt them.
I smacked the thumb thing, but I don't
work for free. Invoice is processing.
Fair. Fair. Uh Tesla is on a run today.
Yeah. And why? What? What changed? What
happened? Ah, just just dead. Just dead.
I'm sure there'll be a hundred videos
and 100 articles saying, "Here's why."
And people just guessing. Our
neighborhood has been out on alert to be
ready to shelter nearby families that
may be evacuating due to fire expansion.
The the Spokane fires are very sad.
681,000 new Starling subs, the number
that has been subtracted from Hughes
100%. You know with certainty that those
rural customers are leaving Hughes to go
straight to Starlink because it's much
cheaper. And unlike Hughes, it's the
real internet. I've had friends with a
cabin. My cousins have a cabin where
they had Hughes and what they said is
it's like an email box. It's really just
an email box. If you use it, try and use
it for any kind of real internet stuff,
you'll run into your cap immediately and
your speeds will be so slow it will be
miserable while you're doing it.
Starlink, while it does have soft caps,
uh is still the real internet.
took brilliance to see you could just
let your old sats burn up. Yeah, SpaceX
uh will SpaceX buy a telecom and sell
phones and data plans or will they make
deals with every telecom so they can use
Starlink to have complete connectivity?
Right now it appears that they are
partnering with companies like T-Mobile.
Uh,
and I think that's a better way appro to
approach it. When you're dealing with
millions and millions, nay billions of
customers, it's a pain. Customers are a
pain. Businessto business is a lot
easier. You can have one point of
contact for 30 million customers. But we
don't know. It's whatever will make the
most sense. Tesla stock will only go up
as robo taxi revenue hits the books.
Until then, I'm trader, not investor.
Um, I think that's reasonable. The price
to earnings ratio has to come down. One
way to do that is to lower the stock
price. The other is to raise the
revenue. And it's going to take a little
bit of time for that revenue to become
meaningful.
11 Energy have sodium batteries for UK
homes. The sodium batteries are real.
They're in deployment. Uh we saw the
first examples
less than a year ago uh of consumer
delivered ones, not test ones. China's
been putting them in neighborhood cars
for probably 2, three years now, but
they've gotten good.
A lot of people look at the cost of
sodium versus the cost of lithium and
think, "Ah, these batteries are going to
be 80% cheaper." Most of the cost is in
the manufacturing. So unless there's a
vastly simpler way to manufacture them,
the price savings will not be as large
as most people I've seen have made it
out to be. Sound is great, sound good.
What are your thoughts about the Tesla
story that they might need to split off
its Chinese portion for a SpaceX merger?
Why? Why would they? First of all, I
hope they don't. Uh the Giga Shanghai is
the crown jewel of the Tesla empire. It
produces the most vehicles and the most
profit. With that said, why would they
need to? Boeing has operations in China.
Boeing is absolutely aerospace. So I
don't know why it would need to. I don't
understand that part of it. Don't know.
Metric ton is pretty close to an
imperial ton. Yeah. Yeah. Can I make a
lithium battery from my sea monkeys?
Sure. I I Yes. And please make a video
about it. I thought Dongfang was Eric
Swallwell's girlfriend. Oh, I can't
believe I was tricked into reading that
out loud. I dream that one day your our
proud nation will measure weights in
pounds and that 2,000 lbs shall be
called a ton. Yeah. How many how many
feet are in a mile? No one knows. It's
unknowable.
It will have no name. It has It has no
name. Why would a thousand pounds have a
name, you guys? Come on. Uh, but then
again, England, I mean, don't they
measure wine in buttloads? You can look
that up. I wish I had 30,000 friends to
get them to subscribe. Hm. Maybe my
wife's knitting forum. I'm sure they
would love to see spam about me. I cried
a shot, but I'd love to have one. Is
that what it was? It went up there
somewhere. Oh, have one. Just jumping
on. Welcome, Starblazers. I'll give this
another minute or two. If you look at
the master plan, you'll understand that
once his wealth equals the global
wealth, money will have no meaning. Elon
says 10 years.
I don't know. That's beyond the scope of
what I try to understand. They got
millions from McDonald's from hot coffee
not being labeled as as such. So, no. Uh
you will need to Google that because
that is a masterclass in corporate
misinformation. Uh the coffee was
sufficiently hot that it gave her
thirdderee burns and fused her lady bits
together. That is too hot. That is not a
temperature at which anything should be
served. And um McDonald spent more money
uh making fun of her than they did
settling the case. All she wanted was
her medical expenses. It was the jury
that went crazy. And McDonald's had had
a history of extreme burns. So they knew
what they were doing. That's why it was
determined to be gross negligence,
willful negligence. So the McDonald's
thing that just won't die. Robo Taxi and
Cybercap scale this year. I'm inclined
to doubt it. I know that puts me kind of
on the fringe, but it's one of those
show me the money moments. You know,
I've been hearing about it for so long
that, you know, this will be
unsupervised
end of next year at the latest. I've
been hearing that for 10 years. So, I'll
believe it when it happens. They're
trying to do something that hasn't been
done before. It's easy to understand how
timelines can slip. Is there any word
from Tesla on a timeline for the upfit?
No. And I think part of the reason is
they're trying to determine exactly
what's needed. was having a conversation
yesterday uh with someone where we
decided that uh it was Craig from Red
Review where we were discussing what
will be needed and what we concluded was
there's probably going to need to be uh
camera washers and Starlink. Are those
needed too? Maybe. How much of the
Chinese market buying EVs have home
charging? Any idea? I think that number
is low because most of the people buying
them are on the east coast living in big
cities in highrises. So I think the
demand for flash charging is much
stronger in China. But as these chargers
get faster and faster, the demand for
battery swaps diminishes.
Battery swaps, a lot of problems with
that. We have so little involvement in
distance covered per charge. I would
expect to be at 400 500 miles by now.
Feels like the stock and range are
stalled. Yeah. Anyone getting the summer
update yet? I don't I don't think I did.
I did get 1436
uh a few days ago, just as 1437 was
coming out to others. No idea how
China's doing on apartment charging
infrastructure. Me either. Uh anyone who
groups hybrids with EVs instantly loses
credibility with me, but they did break
it out. Uh, so it it's a it's a legal
classification in Europe. That's why we
only saw it on the Europe numbers, not
on the global numbers.
Uhhuh. You almost always make me laugh.
Well, good. How much does Tesla overall
spend on crash testing say for the cyber
caps? Spend. I think spend is the wrong
metric, but I don't know for sure. Uh,
we know they crash dozens and dozens at
least where Koenig for example crashes
one and then they fix it and then they
crash it again. Cars are too valuable to
crash more than one of them. So, I don't
know how many how many that would be. I
want my next Tesla to have LFP
batteries. Can we expect that in North
America? Tesla briefly had LFP batteries
in the US due to a tax thing that made
them still eligible for the IRA credit.
The IRA credit's gone. There's no reason
we couldn't go back to having LFPs. Just
pay the tariff. It's about 35%.
Get those batteries in. They've got to
be cheaper. I would love to see it. I
think the problem is if they bring in
flash charging, everyone will want them,
which would be a concern because they
wouldn't have enough to give them to
everyone. put up a poll for the new
intro jingle. Uh I have done that many
times. It keep it wins overwhelmingly
every time. Uh will we do a live stream
for flight 14? Yeah, I think we we plan
to. We plan to. Depends when it is. But
I will be planning to unless you know
unless I'm somewhere weird, which I may
very well may be. So guys, what do we
miss? What do we misunderstand? Leave it
in them comments below. If you're
catching it on the replay, you got to
let me know in the comments. Everyone
else, stay tuned, stay juicy, and I
cannot wait to hear from you clever
robots. Perhaps in Katmandeue, perhaps
in Addisaba. Who knows where next my
adventures will take me. I'll also be in
Austin for 10:10. Should be fun. See you
there.