Channel:     futureaza
Title:       Why States Are Raising EV Fees Across The Country
URL:         https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vE6yPC8UfOk
Published:   2026-05-22 12:00 UTC
Fetched:     2026-05-22 13:00 UTC

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

40 states and counting have applied
additional registration fees for EVs in
recent years since they're not paying
the gas tax. Someone's got to pay for
the roads. And now the federal
government's trying to get in on the
action as well. They want to add just a
little bit of charge per mile. U
anywhere from 1 to 3 cents for now. And
uh that will make your drive more
expensive in an EV than it would have be
otherwise. In some cases, the real
winners could be hybrids or the real
losers could be hybrids. If you have a
very efficient vehicle, uh you may be
the only one uh with gas who's actually
saving money on this new plan. We're
going to go into what that plan is, why
it's clever, and why it's terrible, and
what it all means. And I want to know in
the comments if you guys support, oppose
it, or what you would suggest instead.
I've got my buddy Mark here joining us
to have a chat about it. He found the
article, brought it to my attention, had
some questions. I will answer those
poorly, and then in the comments, you
can tell him the real answer. I'm Brian.
Welcome to Futurza.
&gt;&gt; So, Mark, we've got this uh article
here. I'm just going to go over it
first. US proposes annual $130
federal road tax for EV owners. And
there's a couple ways they could do it.
They could just slap it on. So the way
the law works now is the federal
government is funded by a gas tax, a
flat gas tax that has not changed since
1993.
It was not geared to inflation. Uh it is
a per gallon charge. And states get
their funding from the little stickers
you put on the license plate. None of
that little sticker money goes back to
the federal government. That's all for
the states. And uh now they want to that
they want to get in on some method of
permile cost uh based on road use.
Gallons are a pretty good measure of
road use. There are people who game the
system by buying more efficient vehicles
and people who don't care about it
because they look good in a pickup
truck.
Electric vehicle owners in the US may
soon find a new line item on their
annual registration bill. Lawmakers in
the US House of Reps have introduced a
massive bipartisan 5-year surface
transportation omnibus bill called the
Build America 250 Act. I think 250 is a
bargain. Tucked inside its 11 uh
thousand plus page is section 1129, a
provision that seeks to amend by putting
a fee on clean energy vehicles the war
on clean energy continues. If passed,
the legislation would require state DMVs
to collect an annual $130 of
registration and $35 on some plug-in
hybrids. So, that's the gist of it. Some
states are already doing a per mile
charge. They want to put on just a flat
$130 fee,
&gt;&gt; uh, which is, you know, a little bit,
uh, I would argue on the high side. Um,
longtime Tesla and EV industry watcher
Sawyer Merritt. Well, let's not even
deal with it. Let's just go straight to
his post and see what he says. US
Housemakers have proposed it 130. The
House is working on it. Uh, it's
expected to cost more than 500 billion
ahead of the current law expiration in
September. Most revenue for fally funded
road repair is collected through diesel
and gas taxes, which EVs do not pay.
Sawyer believes it's fair since over
time there will be fewer gas vehicles
and somebody's got to pay for the roads.
&gt;&gt; And I mean I suppose that's true. Uh the
question is
130. Were you going to spend 130 on gas
tax in the first place?
&gt;&gt; I suppose suppose it's possible. Some of
the numbers I've seen say well if you
figure it at 20 miles per gallon. And I
go, "Why? Why would you figure that?"
Oh, it's cheaper. 130 is cheaper at 20 m
a gallon.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; I haven't driven something.
&gt;&gt; And it's even cheaper if you get 5 miles
a gallon.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Yeah. I haven't had mileage worse
than 20 in a very long time. Probably
2007. I had a big old uh Ford V8 van
that got less than 20 by a lot.
&gt;&gt; But what are what are your thoughts on
this? What are your questions on this? I
I I I want things to be even across the
board uh for everyone that has to
participate in this uh which is
everybody. Uh I would like to see that
uh if if people are gaming the system by
buying say a a Prius uh or they like to
drive their pickup truck because they
look good in it, they shouldn't be
paying the same amount uh because
there's there's such a a wide difference
in the vehicles and how much fuel they
burn. Um,
&gt;&gt; so if it's a flat rate of 130 bucks, um,
you're you're going to the Prius guy, it
he's getting no benefit out of it
because he's got to pay the same that
the pickup truck pays. So, it's um, and
I understand that, of course, if you
have to track all the vehicles that
people drive, that's going to be a
problem for collecting the tax and
making it very complex.
&gt;&gt; So, I understand here what's going on.
And of course, you can't have a huge
base of people that are now not paying
the tax at all because they've moved to
an EV. So, how do the roads get repaired
if 50% of the people that are paying it
uh are off the program?
&gt;&gt; So, there's there's not a lot of good
answers here. The quick and easy answer
is you slap a flat tax on everybody and
everyone pays it and that's it. But, um
that's that's not great.
&gt;&gt; I agree. So, the biggest loser here that
I see would be plug-in hybrid owners
because almost all of the plug-in hybrid
owners that I've known over the last few
years, not the early adopters, but the
recent ones, are apartment dwellers.
They never ever plug in. So, all they're
getting is a higher tax bill. They're
they're they're not you're not
offsetting gas they didn't buy. They
just have a very efficient vehicle
because it has a battery. It might as
well not even be plug a plugin. it never
plugged in. So, I think that's kind of
nonsense. The other factor to consider
is a lot of people who log the most
miles are people who simply can't afford
to live where they work. They're going
to be paying more than their rich boss
who can afford to live in that
neighborhood, which is of course, you
know, unfortunate. It's an unfortunate
reality, but it is a reality. Um,
&gt;&gt; in Oregon, we have we I don't live in
Oregon. I live near Oregon. People make
mistake of thinking I live in Oregon.
Oregon has a new uh program that allows
for pay by mile. And the idea of this is
uh you can send them a picture of your
your odometer every couple years and
they will base your tax on that. And
it's great. They've got this road use
calculator. I'm not even going to click
on it because it doesn't do anything. It
says, "How many miles do you drive?" And
it's like, "Okay, that's cool." You're
like, "I you know what? I will show it
to you because it's so breathtakingly
dumb. So, here we go. Um, do you Well,
do you drive like Yes, I do. How many
miles? Um, 12,500.
Calculate. Okay. So, uh, 250 is what
you'd pay. That's So, wait. So, I have
to go back and click no and next.
Calculate. Well, what is the average
miles per Okay, 26.
This is not Okay. Uh, state fuel tax or
you can pay more for electric.
Now, the idea is if you don't drive
much, let's change this to, let's say
you drive uh 1,200 miles a year. Now,
it'd be 24. It's still more. It's still
more than your fuel tax. My gosh. Okay.
So, not a great program. And I've seen
people look at it and say, "Oh, but it's
only, you know, 100 or 200." No, no,
that's not the whole registration fee.
That's just the EV portion of it. So, it
is over and above your regular state
registration for the vehicle. So, this
is just the greatest calculator I've
ever seen. It's really, really good.
They also have frequently asked
questions. I mean, they're really bad.
What are the benefits if you're if
you're I mean, you could save money in
theory. Except that, by the way, you can
get your registration for two years or
four years, but if you do that and you
sell the vehicle, I mean, yeah,
&gt;&gt; you're out of luck.
&gt;&gt; You're out of luck. Uh,
&gt;&gt; yeah.
&gt;&gt; And my favorite one is if you Well, it
says, "How do you deal with out ofstate
miles?" And they said, "You can just
tell us." And it's on an honor system.
What?
How?
&gt;&gt; I only drive 12 miles in my state. all
the other miles are in other states.
&gt;&gt; You must submit a form documenting the
miles driven out of state or on
non-public roads uh if they're not using
a GPS device. Now, I do know people who
are already on this system and they have
a Tesla and it can just report. So,
that's interesting as I understand.
&gt;&gt; Uh or you can get a a dongle. Uhhuh.
&gt;&gt; OBDE dongle. What a great name you guys
came up with for that. Definitely do it.
Oh my gosh. So, it's a convoluted mess
is what it is. And I think that if you
were to I mean, we do need to pay for
roads. Um I think the war on EVs has
gone too far. I know in a lot of states,
Washington included, for a lot of
drivers, the registration is far higher
than what it would have been for the
state gas tax. Yeah.
&gt;&gt; And it's not like we're
it's not like we're loving it. We do
have good roads. We do have a limited
number of potholes, but that's mostly
because we don't get good freezes that
destroy roads
in the way that you do in Canada or that
certainly the Midwest and Northeast get
them. There are of course states where
it's lovely all year who have tremendous
potholes and no excuses. But hey man,
it's not in my neighborhood. So I guess
the
&gt;&gt; So basically what this article is saying
is that um the feds have realized that
their funding is starting to be cut off
by the adoption of EVs. And they are
saying well the states have already
started to do this. Let's just get on
the bandwagon and put on our own
separate fee to the EV owners so we can
start collecting that money again.
&gt;&gt; And that's what's going on here, right?
&gt;&gt; Yes. And not just that, but they built
in an escalator uh which would be um
great is what it would be.
&gt;&gt; Twotory or threetory escalator.
&gt;&gt; It appears to not have an end. It's
somewhere in the clouds.
&gt;&gt; That's the worst kind of
&gt;&gt; 29. The Federal Highway Administration
will be required to by annually increase
the registration fees by $5. This will
continue climbing until it hits a hard
legislative cap of 150 uh for electric
vehicles and 50 a year for plug-in
hybrids. Fees are currently slated to
terminate in 2036, but of course they
wouldn't. I've seen, I believe, no taxes
that have ever been terminated.
I've heard of a few bridges that lost
their tolls, but very, very few. So,
this is not dipping their toe in the
water. This is letting you know we're
coming in the hope hope the water's nice
because we're we got a whole bunch of
big hairy dudes that are gonna pour into
this hot tub and overfill it with your
tax water.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; One thing I would suggest to the people
listening to this and are upset or
believe it's not fair
&gt;&gt; at the visual image you mean right?
&gt;&gt; Yes. the the uh those people those
people what they should do is make sure
that they've joined a local EV group
because when there's volumes of people
talking about it or pushing towards
something uh it gets the ear of the
legislators much more than a person just
being upset at their screen uh as they
listen to this. So join an EV group
that's local, get behind them, visit,
have meetings, talk with people because
uh together we can move things.
Individuals are unable to move things as
easily as a group.
&gt;&gt; Absolutely true. If you are in the US,
you can certainly drop a note to your
representative. Um that would be
something you could do. um and then wait
nine weeks to get a form letter back
saying, "I hear you and I don't care."
Uh so that's also great. So guys, uh
that's about all we've got on that. Uh I
did want to mention there's something
coming up, Mark. Is there some event
that uh
&gt;&gt; I think there is. There is.
&gt;&gt; I think it's June 5th and 6th of this
year is coming up.
&gt;&gt; Here it is. This is the Moskegan summer
meetup. uh at teslamman.org.
Go to teslaman.org.
June 5th and 6th. There's going to be a
meet and greet on the 5th. Tickets,
special tickets for that. On the 6th,
all day speakers, uh lots of fun, lots
of great people. And uh tickets are on
sale now. Meet and greet with the other
tickets. The fee is only 75. Saturday
carp. Anyway, there's tickets at
different price points. You can do that.
And yeah, it's a wonderful event. And uh
got our little little uh little mascot
there. That's great. Mark will be there.
I will be there. And uh whole bunch of
other great folks will be there. Dirty
Tesla, Dr. Knowit All. All kinds of
people. I'm just clicking buttons what
I'm doing. I don't even know. Don't even
know what I'm doing anymore, but that's
fine. So yeah, it's going to be great.
Join us, won't you? And uh yeah, if
you're going to be there, you know, uh I
will see you. So guys,
&gt;&gt; look for the light and drone show going
to be on Friday night.
&gt;&gt; Yeah,
&gt;&gt; it's going to be spectacular.
&gt;&gt; Simon is coming out. Simon from Tesla
shows.io who does the best light shows.
He puts his absolute all into every one
of these light shows. And I know that
this time he actually started earlier
than I think ever on one of our events,
but he started really early because he
was excited about it. Um, and we have
some fun. So guys, uh, what did we miss?
What do we misunderstand? Leave it in
them comments below. Uh, like,
subscribe, do all that stuff. Support
the channel, would you? Would you? And,
uh, check out Mark's channel. Find out
what he's up to. It's called The Tesla
Life. They do some great work and some
terrible work. You get to decide which
is which. And leave them comments.
Definitely letting them know which is
which because he loves that. He told me
so off air and I believe him because
he's an honest man. Uh, and everybody
else, stay tuned, stay juicy, and I
cannot wait to hear from you clever
robots on the flippity flop.