Channel:     brighterwithherbert
Title:       Tesla Just Dropped Multiple Big Signals
URL:         https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iP1ZPbF4MvU
Published:   2026-05-07 13:43 UTC
Fetched:     2026-05-07 14:00 UTC

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Tesla's making major moves in investment
this week. The pace is wild. We'll walk
you through it. First, according to a
new filing, SpaceX wants to build the
largest and most advanced chip fab in
the world. The terrafab numbers are
enormous. The proposed investment is $55
billion upfront and up to $119 billion
total. Current location might be Grimes
County, Texas, a 2-hour drive from
Austin. Elon just confirmed this is one
of several locations under
consideration. Second, the Boring
Company signed its first residential
loop station in Nashville. Three luxury
towers. All the residents need to do is
take an elevator down, board a Tesla,
and they're at the airport in 9 minutes.
Third, rumors. Just rumors for now is
Tesla might have just pushed FSE version
14.3.2
to employees in China. That's the full
functionality. Maybe it's coming soon.
Fourth, Tesla filed three brand new
trademarks for the nextG Roadster.
Reveal might be coming soon. Finally,
Tesla rolled out a flexible five- tier
Model Y lease. Starts at $459 a month.
And the Model Y just got five stars on
ANCAP safety in Australia. That's a lot
for one week. Let me break down what
each one really means. We got Brian
White here with us today. He's one of
our only true Tesla journalists. Check
out his YouTube channel, Futurza, for
exclusive underground factory tours and
interviews. Welcome, Brian.
&gt;&gt; Good morning. Good to be here. You know,
it's uh there it it has been an
unusually busy week. There's never a
quiet week, but this week felt busier
than usual.
&gt;&gt; You had a a very good comment on the
SpaceX terap news that came out. So, I
wanted you to share that. So, this is a
I think a render of a Tesla XAI and
SpaceX what this could look like in the
future. Uh, but this is not a render.
This is an actual filings to Grimes
County, Texas. And looks like that
SpaceX, Space Exploration Technologies
Corp. is asking to potentially zone
number one located here. And uh but look
at this estimated capital investment is
$55 billion for initial phases. $119
billion total capital is what they put
in that hearing. Elon said this is one
of several locations under consideration
for what will be the largest and most
advanced chip fabrication facility in
the world. So he's confirmed that this
is real. And it looks like that Grime,
it's funny that it's actually Grimes
County. It's like what? It's like, you
know, this is like, are we living in a
similation?
&gt;&gt; Is this two hours away?
&gt;&gt; Like a child support dodge? I don't get
it. I gave a hundred billion dollars to
Grimes already.
&gt;&gt; Grimes is his uh partner. I think it's
not a wife, right? But a partner,
&gt;&gt; baby mama. I don't know.
&gt;&gt; Baby mama. Okay. So, what's your
thoughts on on this announcement here?
&gt;&gt; It makes sense. So the f the first thing
I noticed was yeah 119 billion sounds a
little more in line with what I was
expecting Bab I saw people saying oh he
could do it for 20 well the equipment
has a cost and well he'll reinvent it
that has a bigger cost. Uh there's a
reason people don't reinvent it and just
buy it. So the price tag ballooning to
119 I wouldn't even say it's ballooning.
My comment is when he says it's the will
be the biggest and most advanced I say
not so fast. biggest perhaps, but it
will not be the most advanced chip fab
in the world. I guarantee you that honor
would go to the Fab Lab next door to
Giga Texas. You can't tell me that the
Fab Lab's going to have something
inferior to the actual research.
Checkmate.
&gt;&gt; This is good news. And Elon pointing out
that this is just one of several
candidates.
&gt;&gt; There's going to be a hearing on June
2nd or 6th, early June, first week of
June. And it is, we don't know what it's
going to be. Are people going to be
outraged? Are they going to say, "Heck
no, not in my neighborhood." Are they
going to say, "Um, yeah, these jobs
sound great." Now, I don't know how many
of those people would be employed at
that place. I don't know how big of a
place it is, but it could be that you
get a strong push back. It could be that
you get a push back from outside where
people come from neighboring counties or
neighboring states just to say, "I don't
like it. I don't want it here." you need
to have your options open and it sounds
like they are which makes sense. Texas
is a big state you can find a place with
enough land. It's just going to cost you
and uh being I think the location is
ideal because it's not prohibitively far
from Austin. It's not close enough for a
commute and the same is true of Houston.
You can get to Houston, you can get to
Austin. And while two hours driving
seems like a nightmare to Europeans, in
the US that's not that crazy. I mean,
that's something we all do sometimes.
So,
&gt;&gt; it is
&gt;&gt; and you've got tech people in Texas now.
It is I think everything about it makes
sense to me.
&gt;&gt; Great comments. Uh, so it's $55 billion
nextG vertically integrated
semiconductor manufacturing and advanced
computing fabrication facility. We
already talked about this. Um from the
filing proposes construction of a
multi-phase nextg vertically integrated
uh which would represent a
transformative investment in domestic
semiconductor manufacturing capacity. So
Brian a couple questions come up. One is
who's paying for this?
Okay so in the early days we know
Tesla's pledge 20, SpaceX has pledged
20. That gets us to 40 right there.
That's a third of the way to the big
number. But it's most of the way to the
small number. I imagine this would be
built in phases. You don't need one
facility. You could have three buildings
together or 10 buildings together. It
doesn't have to be under one roof. There
are uh logistical reasons why you
wouldn't put it under one roof. Namely
access. That's why Giga Nevada didn't uh
swall get swallowed by, you know, get
giga semi in the same building. It's
better to have more loading docks and
loading docks closer to where you're
doing stuff. So, you could have separate
buildings and 55 billion could just be
phase one. And I'm guessing that the 55
billion covers the Fab Lab and phase one
of whatever goes to that site and then
they would expand it as quickly as they
as as quickly as they reasonably could.
&gt;&gt; Okay. Yeah. So, you Thank you for
sharing what they already contributed.
Now, it's like the future contribution
of cash to get the 119 billion. I don't
know where that's going to come from.
&gt;&gt; Operational operational income from both
of the companies. But more than that,
because both companies are lean and
reasonably debt-free, you could take on
some debt. And if you're partnering with
Intel, it's reasonable to believe that
Intel will be footing some of that bill
as well. They don't have money. But
yeah, SpaceX and Tesla will have to put
it in and uh they will, you know, we
need all that money for uh robots and uh
robot taxi, but of course we need it for
chips. So I'm not worried about this.
They'll they'll raise the money. It's
just a lot of money. So I'm going to
push back and say they don't need money
for robots. They don't need money for
cyber cab. Those two products are so
profitable that if they expand at a
modest rate, it will fully self-fund.
&gt;&gt; We've seen quarter after quarter of
Tesla building giant things, doing more
R&amp;D than they've ever done before, and
the cash pile continues to grow. They're
very capital efficient. And I think that
once we start see I mean, we just got
another 170,000 subscribers to FSD.
That's, you know, a small amount of
money today, but that's money that's
going to persist kind of forever and
only grow from there, especially as we
add new markets, which we're seeing
happen right now throughout Europe and
soon in China and as we see uh more
vehicles on the road to get it and as we
see people actually getting behind the
wheel of version 14.
&gt;&gt; Yeah,
&gt;&gt; version 14. I think it might be time for
another one-month trial because it's
that good.
&gt;&gt; It's that good. Yeah. All right. I Yeah,
I the qu the other the next question
would be who owns this? I mean, it's
going to be jointly owned by the two
companies. Hopefully, they do merge. Uh
but if they don't merge, they're going
have to have ownership.
&gt;&gt; Numei was owned, the factory that Tesla
now occupies was owned by Toyota and
General Motors. And they had just, you
know, stipulations. Toyota owned the
land. Uh but everything else they owned
jointly. And when it came time to
dissolve it, they just looked back on
the original contract and dissolved it
under those terms. You can co-own things
with other companies, it doesn't, you
know,
&gt;&gt; I'm confident they'll they'll figure it
out.
&gt;&gt; So, as you said, the they will hold a
public hearing on June. That's coming up
soon. So, we'll see if this is approved
or not. Okay. Next story here's the
Boring Company is announced uh that they
have this first residential music city
loop station agreement with the
residential buildings uh serving those
living at the beautiful Prime Al Cove
and Paramount Towers in downtown
Nashville. Residents will take an
elevator directly to the loop station
within the building. Is that great?
Board a Tesla and be at the airport in 9
minutes or lower Broadway in 2 minutes.
So I was like, it sounds like it's like
it's like wherever you want to go
underground, you have the right to do
that. I mean these buildings, they go,
okay, we'll just, you know, pick you up
underneath, drive you to the airport. So
Boring Company has begun testing Tesla
full self-driving inside their Las Vegas
loop. This was in October. The car is
running robo taxi software in version
14. And then this was announced a while
back, too. Um, that they've begun on the
Music City Loop in Nashville. So, I do I
think they they've already got approval
from the city and then they're just
getting agreements from whoever wants to
be the first to do this. And uh this is
not another tunnel. It's privately
funded high-speed underground transit
system that could completely change how
cities solve congestion. Uh cost and
speed revolution. Traditional subways
cost 500 million to two billion per
mile. It takes 10 to 20 years. The
boring company's target is 50 million
per mile. Construction measured in
years. And isn't it uh that they're
offering it free, right? And then they
Tesla thinks Tesla the Boring Company
thinks they can make the money back.
Eight minute airport to downtown planned
routes.
&gt;&gt; And uh I'm going to go ahead and uh play
the the videos here. Go ahead.
&gt;&gt; So that is exactly the plan is that
look, we're going we've got something
and we know we've crunched the numbers.
We know it works. Uh let us build it.
All we ask for is permission and permits
and that you will give us uh the land on
which to build the terminal the
terminating stations at each end. If you
want us to go to, you know, the the
museum, get us land at the museum. But
for everything else, we're just going to
run it as a business and once it opens,
then we charge fairs and that is how we
pay ourselves back the loan that we did.
It would be magical if other companies
could do this, but they can't because
traditional tunneling, traditional
trains are eyewateringly expensive. You
need a much larger bore that costs
outrageously. And despite how easy and
simple they look to maintain, uh, trains
are quite expensive to maintain. They're
very expensive to buy. Rolling stock is
never cheap and the maintenance is more
than you realize. So this is a solution
that's sufficiently cheap that a company
can say, "I don't need your money. We
will make enough just simply operating
it. Let us do it." And if it and again,
I've said this before, if you really
hate Elon and you know he's going to
fail, be in favor of this because it's
his money that will be lost, not yours,
not taxpayers, just his own. So what a
way to stick it to the man. Am I right?
&gt;&gt; This is the actual proof rock. just
showing you that it's already started to
make those tunnels.
But how could that be, Herbert? I was
assured by the brightest minds on social
media that it would be impossible for
them to tunnel in uh Tennessee because
they've only ever tunnneled in places
like uh Vegas.
&gt;&gt; Doesn't work. Then it does work.
&gt;&gt; So this is not just another tunnel. It's
a sort of a Oh, I think I covered this
already. I think here proof of concept
for dozens of cities if Nashville works.
first segments targeted for like 2026.
It becomes the blueprint for Chicago,
Miami, Los Angeles, Dubai, many other
already in discussions.
Vegas loop already carries millions of
passengers scale scalable model for
urban future. So they're just they want
to show to people that this can work and
once it does they'll get approval. The
same is true of Vegas. Vegas is also a
proof of concept city. When I I was
laughing because it says late 2026,
Herbert that starts momentarily.
Normally when you see a transit project,
it says scheduled to start operation in
late 3026
because it takes forever. And you and I
watched the Bertha, the big boring
tunnel that they that the city of
Seattle had done. Uh that it was parked
for two years while they figured out how
to fix the drill bit. It was an absolute
catastrophe at every turn. It couldn't
have gone over budget anymore if it
tried. And believe me, they did dry and
it took forever. Uh, so the fact that
these actually go in, look at the first
leg they did. It was under the
convention center. It was a what, a half
mile mile each direction. And they said,
"We'll have it done by this date or we
you don't pay full price." And not only
did they get it done on time, but they
got it done on time during COVID, which
is really hard to do, but they did it.
And these are increasingly automated,
fewer humans underground all the time.
It's just great.
&gt;&gt; And it's going to be full self-driving
underneath those. And so that's uh
that's they're ready to do it. And this
is going to be the proof of concept. And
boy, the future is here already. So this
next segment is a rumor rumor only. We
don't know how real this is, but
apparently according to this person
here, Tesla has made a version of FSD
with full functionality available to its
employees in China. 14.3.2.
So, right now in China, there's partial
approval for full self-driving, but they
have the old version. You know this, you
were there several times. You've
probably tested out already, but they're
finally going to get the real one. Uh,
what's your thoughts on this?
&gt;&gt; So, I have not been able to test it out.
I've tried on all my visits to get them
to show it to me, and I have not been
able to hear back from Tesla Asia at
this time. Very frustrating. Um, it is
not wide at all yet. There are a handful
of consumers with it. There uh
presumably our employees and testers who
have it, but it was expected to go wide
in March. Government regulations have
been held up. We don't know what the
cause of that is. If 14 is going out
wider, I don't know if I'm excited or
not. They have to train on locally
procured and processed data. And the
data centers, I don't even know if it's
finished. I think it's finished. Uh, but
we don't know how much data crunching
they've done. And the driving style in
China is very different. The version
they've been using, the 13 is pretty
darn good. Uh, but it's not as good as
14 in the US. So 13 in China is, you
know, not when I asked the Xiaoong
engineers to compare it for me, I said,
"You've done the head-to-heads. What do
you think?" and they said Chinese FSD is
not the same. US FSD is very good, just
about flawless, but we don't have that
here yet. So, uh I'll be interested to
see any developments. What I'm really
looking for is it to go wide because
that is going to be a pile of recurring
revenue that just unlocks. Well, if this
is rumors true that employees are
getting it, that means that they're
preparing for it. They're expecting
approval from the Chinese government to
let them have the the latest version of
FSD uh in the roads. That'll be huge cuz
we we've been following what's going on
in Europe and now we're seeing maybe
China as well. That would be great. All
right. Roadster. This is new. So, uh
Sawyer said, "I found something cool.
Tesla's filed a new trademark
application for its next gen Roadster.
It could be the new Roadster logo or
badge. The filing says the lines depict
speed, propulsion, heat or wind. And
then he took the liberty of making the
logo red. Trading trademark filings are
just black and white. So this is the
trademark looks like this. Super
superman. That's not that's the old
roadster. So we don't know what the new
roadster is going to come. We still
don't know when it's going to be uh
revealed. But at least now we see the
trademark.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. I don't know what to make of it.
Uh, I feel like it'll make sense when we
see the Roadster. Like maybe the
Roadster is an elongated home base
plate. I don't know. But this is
&gt;&gt; No,
confusing.
&gt;&gt; Nick Cruz Patane was guessing. And if
you look at the SpaceX rocket, there is
one area that looks possibly like this.
So
&gt;&gt; at the bottom, that could be a heat sink
there. Uh, it I don't think it is. Uh,
it could the whole thing looks like a
triangular phone jack. So maybe it's a
we're having a land party. I don't know.
&gt;&gt; It could be anything.
&gt;&gt; Could be anything. All right, that's the
Roadster logo. These are the three logos
that they have. And uh let's listen to
Elon what he said when he was
interviewed at the moonshot about uh the
upcoming Roadster.
&gt;&gt; Speaking of excitement,
&gt;&gt; hang on to your seat.
&gt;&gt; What do you imagine the hover time for
the Roadster is going to be
&gt;&gt; on rocket engines?
&gt;&gt; Classified. classified.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Well, I don't want to let the cat
out of the bag.
&gt;&gt; Okay. But there's gonna be a hover time.
There's gonna be uh, you know, cold gas
engines.
&gt;&gt; It's gonna be a cool demo.
&gt;&gt; I can't wait. Can I get an invite?
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; Okay.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. I think it's going to be the
safest thing ever built.
&gt;&gt; It's going to be so cool.
&gt;&gt; This is not This is not the same. Safety
is not the is not the prime. It's not
the main goal of uh I mean buy if you
buy a you know a sports car or you know
like if you buy a Ferrari safety is not
the number one
&gt;&gt; you know goal. This is not this is I say
if like safety is your number one goal
don't buy the roadster.
&gt;&gt; Oh believe me I drove uh just this week
on New England roads sheet ice.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. If I had just a little thrust, I
could be very much more. I was just
drifting towards something very concrete
with
&gt;&gt; I love that. A computer will probably
keep you safe, but uh
&gt;&gt; a little thrust is all it
&gt;&gt; go really fast. Uh
&gt;&gt; yeah, bad things can happen.
&gt;&gt; You can decelerate really quickly with
thrust. Rubber on road is not a great
way to decelerate. I uh I'm thinking
fast and safe.
&gt;&gt; I hope so. We'll aspire not to kill
anyone in this car, but uh it'll it'll
be it'll be something. It'll be the best
of the last of the human-driven cars.
&gt;&gt; Yeah,
&gt;&gt; the the la
&gt;&gt; that'll go really well with Starship
actually. The last
&gt;&gt; the best of the last
&gt;&gt; last human driven last. Yeah,
&gt;&gt; I like that. The best of the last
human-driven cars.
&gt;&gt; I appreciate the reality check. Well,
first of all, how long is it going to
fly? Classified. And maybe it'll hover.
Maybe it'll, you know, maybe it's got
the vacuum effect that we've seen with
the Sperling U, the Mc Merry, but I
don't uh I I love the it's it's going to
be the safest car ever. He's like, well,
uh, no. I mean, uh, SpaceX makes the
safest rockets. They're still rockets.
Still rockets. So, it's a bit of
perspective is what's needed. And I can
agree that it'll be safer, but that is
not the priority.
&gt;&gt; That's not the priority. Yeah, this is
going to be cool. All right, the last of
the best of the driverable cars. Laura
said it as well. He said, you know, we
want to give it love. Um, just to prove
that that's the case. So maybe that's a
good signal, but you know, we don't
know. That's the only car that they will
still make. Uh, back to Model Y. It
looks like that there is a new leasing
structure. five distinct tiers.
It's smart move that lets buyers match
their exact spec requirements to their
budget without the massive unfront
capital needed for a full vehicle
purchase. Entry points are highly
competitive. You can get into a standard
rear wheel drive for 459 a month. Bump
up to the dual motor all-wheel drive for
$4.99. I mean, this is leasing. These
are great pricing. This is just both
requiring just over four grand at
signing. That's very competitive. the
premium at 569, premium all-wheel drive
669, the performance at 799.
So that's uh the new model that they've
got.
&gt;&gt; These are these are absolutely exciting
numbers. I saw someone comparing a Model
3 lease to a what was it? A Honda Civic,
maybe something like that. Might have
been a Toyota Corolla.
A very budget friendly car. And the
Tesla, both of them on 48 months, both
of them at 10,000 m a year. both of them
at zero down. The Tesla was at $299 for
the Model 3 standard and the other one,
the Camry or Honda, whatever it was, was
higher. It was like 329, 339. And for
less money, I can get a more fun, more
exciting, more reliable car. Uh, that
also saves me almost as much as my
entire payment just on gas.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; Come on. H how do you choose anything
else?
And what we're seeing in Canada,
Canada's just rolled out their uh
$30,000
Model 3 standard, not standard, but
sorry, rear wheel drive Model 3 Premium
for 30 for 29,000 US for 399 Canadian.
It is it is cheaper than anything
remotely comparable before you even talk
about the cost of gas. Uh, so it's it's
going to crush.
&gt;&gt; Ryan, where do you stand on this uh
theory some people have? I like it a
lot. Want to know what you're thinking
that Tesla can reduce the lease pricing
to be so so uh attractive that it's just
going to just uh blow the market away.
And then it's perfect win-win for Tesla
because they get a very small down
payment, four grand. They get a really
good lease, but three years later they
get it back. and put it into the robo
taxi market.
&gt;&gt; So if it's three, four years, we're only
talking 30 40,000 miles on the odometer.
If that's a new car, it's a new car for
a Tesla. If you are, if there's
reconditioning that needs to be done,
that's something you have to pay for in
the lease. If you stain the seats, if
you cigarette burn the interior, you're
paying for that at the end of the lease.
That's just how that works. So, they're
going to, this is the strategy from
2018. All those Model 3s that they
leased out had written into the
contract, you don't get to keep this
car. And then when they came back, they
were supposed to go into the robo taxi
fleet. It was not ready. But there was a
supply shortage. So, they sold all of
those cars as new cars again, made the
same margin twice. Ridiculous. Time
traveler nonsense is what it is. uh
because seeing the future that clearly,
even if your math was wrong, you got the
right answer. This is a plan that would
work. And if for some reason it doesn't,
and I don't know what reason that could
be, but you could just you could still
just sell them at that point.
&gt;&gt; So much sense.
&gt;&gt; And I imagine that though, right? Just
really just attractive leasing pricing.
I think this is what makes the most
sense actually, honestly, even more so
than selling the cars at some point.
just moving to this direction and the
subscription pricing just continued on.
&gt;&gt; I would ask someone who like Alexander
who understands the balance sheet better
when you see subject to lease accounting
that's a whole different subset in there
and I don't understand
&gt;&gt; how it works what the drawbacks and
benefits are. Um, so there could be
accounting reasons it makes sense too,
but I don't know where the
&gt;&gt; or the opposite. I mean, lots of car
companies got bit in the butt because of
leasing financing, sub finance. Okay.
And the final story is uh Model Y
received fivestar safety rating from the
ANCAP. I guess that's in Australia. You
know a lot about that.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. So Euro NCAP, that's the
Australian NCAAP. It is uh those are two
of the four big ratings. The other one
being uh IHS, which is great because
they buy the cars. They don't tell you
they bought the cars. You don't get to
pick which cars they're crashing. Um but
uh those are pretty fantastic. It's
fantastic news, but it surprises no one.
Correct. I mean, that's what we
expected. It's still a Model Y at heart.
It's a little bit longer. It's a little
bit taller.
But considering how safe the Model X
was, there was no reason to doubt this
was coming. We expected it. It came.
More exciting to me is Model Y L was
spotted with camouflage in the US.
Someone saw that. I I posted about it uh
yesterday morning on my live show.
&gt;&gt; I didn't know
&gt;&gt; that that there was a camoed out Y L in
the US.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Yeah.
&gt;&gt; Well, Brian, for you to be right though,
you need to have them. and I find out
that they're doing it sooner because
Elon said that it was going to come
later this year.
&gt;&gt; He said at the end of
&gt;&gt; at the end of you said no, I think it's
going to come first half this year.
Well, you you're getting close, dude.
So,
&gt;&gt; yep. Yep. Running out of time. But the
if at all is what I really took issue
with because people took that as me
doubting his honesty rather than uh
measuring his words. I think it's
important to measure your words. I think
if he says it's coming definitely next
year, a lot of people would not buy it.
I think the if at all is still honest if
uh a bit of a call to action. What I am
telling people I've got a video coming
out Thursday, Friday uh about or no, it
came out Wednesday about the cheaper
Model 3 in Canada where Mark and I took
the unusual step of saying act now. We
don't usually tell you what to do, but
if you're in Canada, act now. You do not
know when this will end. So if they were
to say, "Oh, there's a, you know, a
three plus plus coming that's going to
be 5,000 less than that." No one would
buy the three. So
&gt;&gt; yeah.
Thank you, Brian. That was fun. Uh lots
of moves that Tesla's making. Future's
coming sooner than we realize. Follow
Brian on his uh channel, Future Aza.
That's the future. If you want to know
the future, go there. Thanks everybody.
Bye-bye. I've created a website that is
the most comprehensive resource for the
Tesla investor. Please check it out.
Simply go to my website at herbalm.com.