Channel:     munrolive
Title:       How AML Is Reinventing Permanent Magnet Motors | Munro Live Podcast
URL:         https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kQIwM-XTyIU
Published:   2026-02-26 00:00 UTC
Fetched:     2026-04-16 23:00 UTC

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

So, hi there. Uh, welcome to Monroe
Live. I'm Paul Turbull. This is a
podcast edition and we are talking today
with AML. Uh, that' be the Advanced
Magnet Labs, Inc. Uh, and we have a
couple of their specialists here to talk
about magnets. Um, so why don't you go
ahead and introduce yourself? Uh, start
over here.
&gt;&gt; All right. Good morning. It's great to
be here. My name is, uh, Philip Mason.
I'm the CTO at AML and, uh, my
background is, uh, electrical
engineering. I have a PhD in electrical
engineering from France. And, uh, I
moved around a bit in the US before uh,
settling with AML. So I started my
career at FSU, Florida State University,
the center for advanced power systems
for about six years working on
superconducting motors. Then I uh joined
AML for about three years uh working
still on superconducting motors and
generators. Then I moved to the
University of Houston mechanical
engineering for about six years. And at
that point I uh joined back in 2018 AML
uh to basically pivot the company
towards Paran magnets and Paran magnet
motors
&gt;&gt; and Wade.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, good morning. Uh Wade Cinti,
president of AML. I joined AML at the
end of 2017
uh around the same time Fleet came back.
uh president of the company and my
background is business and strategy and
what I've been focused on is is
converging the the technology
development with the supply chains and
the markets and the customers and so
that's largely what I've been focused on
the last eight years with AML.
&gt;&gt; Uh so with magnets and supply chain in
the same sentence um that's what's been
in the news recently. Uh so the rare
earth magnets, the neodymium magnets
have uh been in the news because uh
they've been a part of the trade
negotiations with China. Uh China has a
near monopoly uh on
uh these rare earth materials,
especially the heavy rare earth
materials and that there's the materials
used to make these magnets. I think
people are aware that we use these uh
rare earth magnets in the traction
motors for electric vehicles, but I
think people are less aware that they're
these magnets are used in all kinds of
motors um not just in electric vehicles
uh like for example the power steering
motors and the anti-lock brake motors.
U in every vehicle. Um and not just
vehicles. These are used in hard drives.
Uh the spindle motors for hard drives.
Um they're used for the speakers in in
ear pods and uh they're used in um all
kinds of uh sensor applications.
Um so and they're used behind the scenes
in industrial processes.
Um so permanent magnet motors are are
used often in in industrial processes
and so a disruption in the uh in
permanent magnet
supply chain hits a lot of industries
and that puts AML
in uh a pretty good position as a
uh US company that's in the
manufacturing business of making uh
permit magnets. So, I wonder if you
could tell us a little bit about um
first the the typical process for making
permit magnets
um and then what makes the AML process
something that is competitive in the US?
&gt;&gt; I'll let Philipe kind of start that off.
&gt;&gt; All right. So typically conventionally
magnets are made using a very
well-defined process that actually was
developed in the US and transitioned to
overseas over time just because of the
economy and uh you know cheap labor. So
to make a magnets you you have to build
an alloy and make a powder that is very
fine. So has to be protected from oxygen
and then very simply you compact that
powder in a field in a mold to uh get
magnetic alignment and some green body
level density so that the material holds
together and then you do some. So as a
result the magnets are all produced in
very identical shapes and forms. So
they're blocks uniformly magnetized and
uh that's what you can buy today. So
those blocks have different grades,
different types of compositions of
material and different magnetic
performance, but they're all produced in
blocks and available as uniformly
magnetized blocks. And so the the
designer of the application has to work
around the fact that blocks are
available. So create assemblies and uh
cut the magnets in different shapes and
so on. So we we are trying to get away
uh with making magnets that are not
blocks. So our manufacturing process
comes from the way that superconducting
wires are manufactured because we used
to be superconducting magnet company. So
it's called a powdering tube. So instead
of filling molds with powder, we
actually fill stainless steel tubes with
powder. And that gives us the ability of
having that tube uh following different
shapes. So we we uh we fill a tube in
inert environment with the magnetic
powder. We seal the tube and then we can
do magnetic pre-alignment and that
magnetic pre-ignment doesn't have to be
uniform. So we have developed a lot of
magnetization fixtures that allow us to
make different pre-alignment directions
and then we can compact the powder
inside the tube shape the tube and then
we do we go into centerining. So you can
see that before all the those steps of
making magnets had to be done in inert
environment only the first step for us
has to be done in inert environment and
then when we center the magnetic
material the material shrinks and then
we remove the material from the tube. So
the tube is kind of a temporary vessel
to hold the powder and protect it from
oxygen and in the end you have magnets
that can be made in a curved shape that
can be made in blocks with different
cross-sections. We try to manufacture
the magnet as close as possible to the
final shape and the fact that we can
have different shapes and different
magnetization direction really opens the
door to designing the application
differently. So for example for motors
uh the fact that we use very we we need
to use thin magnets are uniformly
magnetized actually increases the
demagnetization field in those magnets.
So those magnets require higher level of
resistance to demagnetization.
If you can make a magnet in a different
way in a curved way for example you can
just by design decrease your
demagnetization field by a factor of
seven or eight. So now your magnets will
not see such a high demagnetization
field and uh you'll have more
flexibility in the kind of material that
you need to use. for example, lowering
the amount of heavy critical corerith
elements that are difficult to uh to
obtain here in the US.
&gt;&gt; That's the key that uh a a new process
for making the uh rare earth magnets
that enables the motor designer to
uh use a geometry
that is less susceptible to
demagnetization.
And that allows you to eliminate the use
of these heavy rare earths which is the
material by heavy rare earth I mean um
not neodymium but dprosium and turbium
and those are extremely expensive and
those are the materials that are at the
moment
found almost exclusively in China. The
neodymium is everywhere and there's um
you know active mines in this in the US
and elsewhere
u but the desposium and turbium are
right now
90 plus% found in in China and and we
need that to get make the u magnets
resist demagnetization
but that's a a function of the fact that
we have to use block magnets that are
thin
uh to make motors because that's what's
available.
So this uh AML process opens a door to a
new type a new type of motor. Um also
you know motors are round and you can
make uh these helical type of uh magnets
that are um that are naturally fit to a
motor.
Yeah. And I and just to add to that is
the one the the what we've seen over the
last especially the last 24 months maybe
three years pricing it but the last 12
to 24 months is that a lot of the end
users and developers of applications
have started to really look at this
technology
uh in light of yes the trade war uh the
difficulty within the procurement of
supply of materials pricing
performance and uh the way we look at it
is it's it's it's a novel approach but
it's potentially a simpler approach and
when we started this year the last 12
months working within within the the
customers that we're looking to onboard
and we're having conversations with the
concept of the supply chain has become a
much bigger topic and folks are looking
to source domestically they're looking
to understand all of the steps in their
supply chain and potentially removing
dispersion turbium out of that equation.
uh it opens up the possibilities for
some of these these companies to not
only source their magnets or or
understand their supply chains the risk
but innovate for their uh their
applications and and then the factors of
which I'm sure you'll discuss the the
potential cost savings in manufacturing
some of these motors is an added benefit
that uh that the a lot of the industries
are starting to look at as a potential
driver, too.
&gt;&gt; So, that's that's the key. Um, all of
our clients are interested in cost
savings. Um, that gets people to perk
up. And
of course, the difficulty um when you're
trying to move something that is
manufactured in a low labor environment
like China,
um that tends to be um very labor
intensive.
How do we remove that? And what about
this process
makes it more amendable to automated
assembly?
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Well, Philip, you can add a little
bit to the
&gt;&gt; Yeah. So, I mean, typically uh instead
of having to go from stations to
stations with block magnets that need to
be protected from oxygen, uh we can have
robots handling tubes. So, we typically
make our centered magnets with
production cells that have automatic
tube filling in inert environment. And
then those tubes are sent to another
cell which is also fully automated to do
the pre-alignment and compact the powder
in the tube. So all the way to a long
tube needed to go to centering
everything can be automated. So we don't
need to handle. Then after that stage
then we do centering and then we have
some steps that require finishing of the
magnet cutting of the magnet sometimes
and then final magnetization that is
less automated but I would say the
process could be you know at probably
85% fully automated which which is good
and you can probably have a factory with
you know lights out for threequarters of
the process.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. And when you and then as we we may
discuss today some of the other when you
look at some of the other alternative
magna materials that do not require
centering it it broadens uh it broadens
the potential and savings at least on
our end for for manufacturing but also
uh similar benefits for the end use
application and uh and but that is a
different as far as moving away from
neodyinium and praiodinium there's
different alternative of magnet
materials but they generally go in
different markets in terms of the end
users similar end users depending on the
application.
So the the process looks uh much more
amendable to um manufacturing in the US
and that's always something that uh the
Monroe team has been hunting for uh to
suggest to our clients because reducing
supply chain risk uh right now is a key
part of any manufacturing strategy. Uh
and so that's a that's something that
can help in that regard. Um
so when we're seeing on the table here
several examples and some of the
exciting new geometries that are
available for motors um you know the
axial flux motor um this type of spiral
geometry seems to work exceptionally
well well for axial flux motors and
there's been quite a bit of uh activity
um in axial flux motors these
Uh and that looks like one of the
geometries for motors that is likely to
be the next uh um big thing in motors,
&gt;&gt; right? So yeah, what you what you see
here is a uh what we call our
non-entered magnets. So uh it this is an
alternative to surface mounted
neomagnets.
Uh so as you know we we work on
producing centered magnets but we also
work on finding an alternative to center
cent magnets with materials that have a
more stable uh supply chain. So what you
see here is what we call our PM3. So um
the manufacturing process is the same
all the way to centerining because here
we don't needing. So we fill a stainless
steel tube with powder. we do a magnetic
pre-alignment of the powder and again a
lot of our IP resides in how we pre-ign
the powder. So in this case the
pre-ignment is going to impose a
magnetization direction that is rotating
along the magnet. So for example, you
have a straight magnet here and you have
one pole every let's say 2.5 cm in this
case or every inch and uh and so we have
a way of of aligning the powder uh with
a rotating magnetization vector and that
creates kind of a continuous harach
array, right? So it creates a a way to
enhance the field and focus the field
only on one side of your magnet and then
that magnet uh that powder is compacted
inside the magnet to something in the 80
plus% density. So it's very dense and
then from that that magnet which is a
long compacted tube with a square
cross-section for example could be a
different cross-section. we can now make
a ring or we can make a helical shape
and uh and orient the field inward
outward or axial in the axial direction
and we use that uh those rings to
replace surface mounted magnets. Now the
fact that we don't do allows us to use a
lot of different types of material. So
we don't use any bonding agent. We just
compact the powder very hard. So we can
use nudium boron which which is called
an isotropic bonded powder but we're not
using bonding agent. So just an
isotropic powder but we are really
focusing right now on using samarium ion
nitride which has a completely different
supply chain and and has very
interesting properties. So more stable
uh temperature stability than neodymium
and boron with a lower reduction of
performance with temperature and the
ability to uh get very good performance
in our PM360 configuration. So typically
we can do a direct replacement of
surface mounted magnets with our samur
iron nitride magnets without loss of
performance with the additional
advantage that uh our resistivity is
very high. So we kill the elicurren
losses in our magnets and so our magnets
tend to operate much lower temperatures
than than the center neo and uh and then
we can make assemblies. So for example
the the the the demonstrator you have on
the on the table here for actual flex
machine the actual rotor is composed of
18 rings. So it's it's a stack of uh
three layers of six rings and uh that
was successfully tested by one of our u
customers a DoD company uh to replace
surface mounted magnets and u so the
major is the major uh benefit of that
technology is the very sinosoidal field
that is generated. So the magnet the the
motor is intrinsically very quiet and
has uh no space harmonics in the field.
So your back EMF is perfectly sinosoidal
and you also have less attraction force
between the stereo and the rotor because
you remove all the space harmonics that
are not used for you know active torque
generation. So they they validated and
and and and basically identify all those
advantages. So we are moving forward
with that application and making more
magnets for them. But we also work on
radial flex machines and in this case we
don't have to do rings. we can do
helical shaped magnets. So this is a uh
12 pole completely continuous magnets
which is formed which is formed as an
helical shape and that can be basically
replacing surface mounted magnets and
you slide that onto your rotor and the
fact that the magnet has a helical shape
allows you to also capture uh the magnet
with end flanges and now the torque
transfer doesn't have to rely on the
glue joint. The torque transfer is done
you know along that helical shape which
makes assembly uh very very
straightforward.
&gt;&gt; Nice. And uh and illuminates a key
failure mode of when the the surface
mounted magnet breaks loose.
&gt;&gt; Yes.
&gt;&gt; Um and you lose uh your motor end up
locking up the motor. I want to return
back to the what you said about the
samarium iron nitride magnet. Uh so one
of the key issues of uh neodymium
magnets are the fact that they conduct
electricity.
&gt;&gt; Sure.
&gt;&gt; And so in the in a uh
uh a typical motor u again the magnet is
magnetized straight through straight and
then we use steel to carry the flux
around to the other magnet. Um and here
um what with this magnet
you the way you can uh adjust the the
magnetizing direction such that the flux
path is inside the magnet. So it does we
don't have to use the steel back iron to
carry the flux from one straight magnet
to the other straight magnet. Um,
and then
the fact that you make a purely
syosoidal eliminating the
uh
you call them space harmonics and people
may not realize what that is. It's um it
it's something that causes torque
ripple. It's something that causes the
machine to uh produce
torque that's not smooth and it produces
noise. But it also is the thing that
generates eddy currents in the magnets.
So when you have these small ripples of
changing flux as the motor spins that
generates electricity in the magnets
themselves which heats them up and
produces a loss. And so eliminating that
makes the
uh by both making the magnetic field
smooth sinosoidal and making the magnets
so they don't conduct electricity.
It makes a phenomenally efficient motor
and and efficient and quiet.
Um so as a motor designer I get excited
about that sort of thing. Um, this this
technology allows for
uh motor designs that eliminates some of
the key problems that motor designers
have u and allows us to get um
spectacularly efficient motors that are
quiet and produce very smooth torque.
um
those things are um exactly the
properties that motor designers live
for. And so I'm excited to see um you
get both axial flux for uh form factors
and radial flux form factors with these
properties. Um, so you can fit uh the
motor in whether it's a wheel hub motor
or that produces perfectly smooth uh
traction
uh as opposed to what we have today
which um as you come to a stop you can
feel the torque ripple. Um in some of
our applications um there's no
forgiveness in a system where you have a
wheel hub motor. Um, so every little bit
of torque ripple is something the
customer can feel in the seat of their
pants as we're sitting in the Tesla's
chairs. Okay.
&gt;&gt; Uh, is one of the issues that Tesla has
to deal with. Uh so it this this type of
of technology
not only is it more automatable um and
amendable to production in high labor
environments like the US
u but also gives design advantages that
are something that motor designers are
able to to keep track of and and and do
new things with. Um to me it's a an
exciting possibility. It's exciting new
technology that uh I'm looking forward
to seeing in in more applications.
&gt;&gt; Absolutely. Um, speaking of
applications, I mean, are you guys uh
targeting particular uh segments or
&gt;&gt; um I mean we can Philip can add a little
bit to the specific applications, but
from a from a business standpoint, we
are uh this year we're going to enter
into our first PI beyond pilot
manufacturing for both the non-entered
and the centered. And uh what we've had
the biggest pull we've had for what you
just discussed there with the smear
nitrate PM360 is uh industrial motor and
generator applications. We haven't had a
lot of interaction with automotive uh to
an extent of of digging into uh proof of
concept or or and uh or testing. uh but
uh and then uh some other use cases you
want to add a little bit to the other
potential applications.
Yeah, I mean we we have we are in
discussions with a lot of motor
companies and as wait said mostly around
the industrial world more than
propulsion. We're also looking at large
drone uh propulsion for example which I
think is going to be our first product
for motors and it's going to be radial
flux outrunner type machine with some
also non-conventional stator
configuration that our customer
developed. In terms of the industrial
motors, the um the optimum is different
from the automotive industry. Obviously
cost is a big has a big impact but also
um power density is less relevant and
high efficiency is required and and that
opens the door to using even uh
completely different materials like uh
manganese bismouth for example that we
are developing with the same technology
uh and and it's basically providing a uh
replacement for ferite magnets but with
a much higher coivity uh so a lot of
motor companies are interested in that
because of the fact that uh the the
supply chain is actually very well
understood and and stable. So um so so
the the main benefits of of the
technology applies to those materials
that tend to corrode very easily for
example. So having that material sealed
in a in a stainless steel very thin
stainless steel tube and uh and protect
that material from oxygen is is very
interesting. the fact that the magnets
cannot chip, cannot crack. Uh those
magnets can actually bend without
cracking and and you know don't lose
their performance. So all that is very
attractive for the industrial world
where you know motors are uh
tried very treated very rough sorry most
of the time. Yeah. And there and and
typically the duty cycle in automotive
the duty cycle is intermittent,
&gt;&gt; right?
&gt;&gt; Um uh people are always coming to stops.
Uh but in industrial world, it's just
got to crank and crank 247,
&gt;&gt; right?
&gt;&gt; Um and
uh and then the amount of uh uh
electricity usage is a key factor. So
it's all about efficiency, durability
um completely different design um set of
requirements than what we have typically
in automotive. Um but that you know the
that this is just the beginning right uh
there's all kinds of applications
um not just uh rare earth but um other
other motors as well. Um but I am uh
particularly focused these days on on
the rare earth issue because of the
supply chain issue and that finding a um
a lo a US supplier. You guys are located
in Florida.
&gt;&gt; Yes, Melbourne. Melbourne, Florida.
&gt;&gt; Melbourne, Florida.
Um, and so that that's really helpful, I
think, for a lot of companies and puts
you in a really good position
u for for all our US manufacturers to be
uh to be looking at. Um, and whether
it's uh traction motors has been my
personal focus. Um, but there's the, you
know, the power steering motors, the
antilock brake motors. I I grabbed uh on
my way in here the this is a oil pump
motor that's used in a Tesla and it uses
a similar kind of uh uh surface mount
permanent magnet motor
with today's technology uh is it's a
bonded neodymium
um full circle
which is a a standard way to manufacture
this type of motor and this it this
technology provides a direct potential
replacement for that rotor.
You know, could uh use this spiral what
that would eliminate the failure mode of
of losing your connection between the
steel u rotor and shaft
&gt;&gt; and your magnet material. um if that
ever you know breaks loose then your
magnet your motor is no good anymore and
here they could have the stops at the
ends of the of the helix to make sure
that it never that failure mode doesn't
exist
so
all kinds of uh applications and uh for
this technology
&gt;&gt; but yeah the the thing I wanted to show
is it's kind of fun um I I mentioned the
uh PM 360 right uh in which we have that
magnetization direction that rotates
along the magnet. So we we can make that
same configuration with a centered
magnet and what is really beautiful is
is that when you center uh neodymium and
boron magnets for example the the
material shrinks and when the material
shrinks it shrinks more in the direction
of alignment of your powder than in the
other direction. So because we have a
magnetization vector that rotates, we
actually get that wave forming at the
surface of the magnet during that is a
direct representation of how the
material is is aligned. And so you get
those uh that wave that is coming from
the fact that our orientation rotates in
the material. And so we can do that uh
you know straight like this. That was
just an example of uh of a PM360 magnet
centered. And of course that material
has the same performance as a uniformly
magnetized magnet. So we can go you know
highgrade uh you know N52 if we need to
and and different uh you know uh levels
of of heavy rare earth element uh
elements. Uh but we can also make those
curved. So we have developed a way of
curved segments. So now to replace
surface mounted magnets or or actual
harback array, we can make segments that
have multiple poles, you know, like like
four, five, six poles and then assemble
those on the surface of your rotor. But
now those the the way you you cut those
magnets, you make sure that you don't
have to apply forces to connect them
together. They just go together. So the
they're very easy to uh uh to to
assemble on your application and they
provide uh you know kind of the maximum
performance you can dream of because it
is kind of a continuous oblique array.
So that was um that's kind of the
ultimate premium magnet for for a motor
application. It will not be inexpensive
um but uh but it will be very high
performance. So for for a small very
high power density motor that would be
the perfect uh magnet configuration.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. I the one of the things that
excites me also is the integration of
rotor assembly with the magnet assembly.
So uh today the process you you sort of
build up your rotor and then have to
assemble the magnets into it.
And this process lends itself well to a
kind of process where the the magnet
assembly is
um right in with the rotor assembly
&gt;&gt; uh formed almost at the same time
in one line.
So that would be
very helpful from a assembly process
perspective. Yeah, and we and at AML, we
we're always looking for uh driven and
and excited folks to uh jump into this
sector. And one thing that we've always
looked for is even even even those that
are in another industry that feel that
their skill set may transition well into
making magnets.
uh we uh you know we're excited to to to
build the company and and find uh folks
in the United States that are looking to
execute on the mission that we have.
&gt;&gt; Well, I want to thank you guys for
coming in and talking to us here at
Monroe and uh and it's always great to
do a podcast with uh people who are at
the forefront of exciting new
technology. Um, and I think that's the
kind of thing that our our viewers are
interested in and getting the behind the
scenes look at emerging new technologies
u and potential investment opportunities
if if not uh opportunities for
employment and jobs. Um, so it's
refreshing to hear about uh good news.
So, thank you very much for coming in
and uh we'll see you next time on uh
Monroe Live podcast.
&gt;&gt; Yep. Thank you for having us.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, thank you.