Channel:     farzad-fm
Title:       Tesla Reveals Insane New Truck!
URL:         https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fOqTF5O7zQo
Published:   2026-09-25 00:00 UTC
Fetched:     2026-09-25 03:00 UTC

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Welcome to the Tesla Semi event. Uh
we're super excited to start production
with the Tesla semi-truck and uh this is
really going to be a revolutionary truck
uh that uh is capable of carrying the
heaviest loads over very long distances
uh with ease of recharge, mega charger
that's capable of megawatt of power. Uh
this is really going to be a phenomenal
truck and it's going to be really also a
driver's truck. Drivers are going to
love driving this truck because it's it
just has so much acceleration. Uh it's
it's like almost like a sports car in
truck form. So it's uh it's going to be
the funnest truck to drive. In the very
near future, we'll be adding in the uh
self-driving features. So these will be
incredibly important for for safety. Uh
so if somebody's on a long truck journey
uh they can uh engage the Tesla
self-driving um and uh greatly improve
safety and comfort of driving um so that
the the driver arrives at the
destination um and uh and still feels
refreshed. Otherwise driving for many
hours straight can be quite exhausting.
So, this is really going to be a
gamecher truck and also it's going to
make a ton of sense economically um
because the cost of electricity per mile
is much less than the cost of diesel,
especially in these crazy times. So, I
think this is really going to be
something that works on on every level.
Yeah, I'd recommend placing more orders
if you haven't already. Uh but the
waiting list is already pretty
significant. Um and this is really going
to be a breakthrough product for for
heavy shipping. Thank you and thank you
for coming. Um and uh congratulations to
Tesla Semi team. uh the Tesla
semi-engineering team and production
team. Uh you guys have done incredible
work bring us to this point. Um so well
done. Thank you.
&gt;&gt; Thanks Yuan.
Well, it certainly has been a journey to
get here.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, it's been a long time coming.
Yeah, and the history is not just about
the semi and we'll talk plenty about it,
but it's really about our presence and
commitment to this campus here in Nevada
because it was back in 2013 that we
realized to have meet our ambitious
goals of Model 3 and to build everything
that we wanted, we needed the largest
battery factory in the world. And that's
eventually what became Giga Nevada.
&gt;&gt; Literally, we had to double the world's
lithium-ion battery production. And we
do that over here. And we shipped
millions of cars worth of cells.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. And the thing that's really neat
about this is that this is also the
impetus for semi because we picked this
site and then immediately became clear
like why are we shipping parts for
electric cars on diesel trucks? This
doesn't feel right. And we knew we had
to do something about it.
&gt;&gt; That's when JB emailed you,
&gt;&gt; right?
&gt;&gt; And he said, "We should build a semi."
&gt;&gt; Yep.
&gt;&gt; And then you called me and you said,
"Lars, if I have to support like 3,000
kilograms of batteries on the back of a
semi, how would I do it?"
&gt;&gt; Yeah. And uh Lars then quickly took me
to school and did the hand calcs right
in front of me showing off his first
principal's engineering skills about
complimentary spring rates. And uh you
know he's really contributed a lot
there. But yeah, definitely a true
engineer at heart.
&gt;&gt; So we've done a lot since then. We we
definitely built you know the biggest
car uh battery factory in the world but
also we've continued our investment here
in Reno. Back then we committed a lot
and actually we're sitting here in our
10y year anniversary of of Giga Nevada
opening.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. And super exciting to be
celebrating that here. And you know,
this factory is then the next step and
that stage of that investment where
we're planning to build 50,000 trucks a
year out of this facility, a thousand a
week, and bring on more than 3,000 jobs
during that ramp period.
&gt;&gt; You know, Nevada, yeah, you should cheer
for that. That's fine.
&gt;&gt; You know, we're committed in Nevada
because of their attitude. You know,
Nevada's motto is willing and able. And
that's really what Tesla has done. It's
not about who should do it, but about
who can do it and who's ready to do it.
Nevada's always been there for us and
we're there for them. You know, I think
in that m way, it's really kind of, you
know, serendipitous that we built the
semi here because it has been a project
of perseverance.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. 1.7 million square feet. We can
fit about 20,000 ocean containers. I
think we figured out in this facility
&gt;&gt; for, you know, I live in Oakland for
reference for anyone who doesn't count.
That's about how many shipping
containers go through the port of
Oakland every day. So, it's a big place.
&gt;&gt; Big space. So what do we actually do
with all that space? And it starts with
the amount of vertical integration we
have. You know, this is not just a
general assembly facility. It is as
close as we can to get to raw material
in, finished product out. And for those
you had a chance to go through it, you
saw it. We bring raw coils in, we do cut
to length, we do stamping on site, and
we take all of that through all the way
uh to final assembly. But it's also we
bring in cells, and this is a cool
project. We bring in cells, our
in-housemade battery cells from
Gigafactory Texas. And the plan is to
unload them automatically, automated
from the trailer. They get stationed and
then they get consumed by the line.
Again, fully automated all the way to
the point that then they drive off the
line and at no point is there any human
intervention or touch point.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. And a lot of you may be wondering
why do we do all this? Like at Tesla
since the beginning, we've believed if
someone can't do it, we need to do it
because no one else will solve the
problem better. And really that whole
effort is about driving down the total
cost of ownership. The reason we
vertically integrate, the reason we make
our own cells, we make our own packs, we
make our own drive units, you know,
cooling modules, seats, plastics,
everything is because we want to lower
the cost for you. It's also a great way
to control quality and reliability.
&gt;&gt; You know, one of the things I'm really
proud of in addition to what you just
said about that automated trailer unload
is this EMS back here. the electric
monor rail system that you guys walked
around when you saw the the the
skateboard moving around is the biggest
one in the world and we had to reinvent
how to do that.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. And all of these things are
thought about from day one. And one of
the things that is I'm super proud of at
Tesla is that the construction team
works right alongside the manufacturing
team who works right alongside the
vehicle design team who then also
incorporates everything with our
in-house software and firmware team. And
so all of that allows us to optimize and
drive to the lowest cost. So this
facility is super efficient in terms of
its construction costs and we were able
to land this capability and ultimately
what that does is drive down the cost of
the vehicles that we produce here. And
so it's all holistic and I think you're
going to sense that throughout the rest
of our little chat here too.
&gt;&gt; You know few other yeah few other firsts
here. Um you know we always start with
the first principal approach but the
battery line is the most automated line
we've ever made. As Dan said, the cells
don't get touched all the way through,
but even to that. Um, and and also this
is the first time we've done a powder
coated a surface. So, you can get a semi
and other any color you want as long as
it's white
&gt;&gt; for now.
&gt;&gt; For now.
But this did not start with this
factory. It started again, we had some
history, but we also knew that we needed
to get some real field data, some real
learnings. And we started a pilot fleet
just under 200 vehicles to improve and
learn. And I cannot thank those many of
you who are here tonight that helped
make that effort possible and went along
that journey with us as we introduced
the first round of our class 8 truck and
we have been taking all of your feedback
and learning. That fleet's been out
there running hauling freight every day
has now done 17 and a half million miles
and we're super proud of everything that
it has done and it wouldn't have been
possible with all of our customers that
have helped go along that journey. But
we've really listened and try to make
some improvements along the way.
&gt;&gt; That's right. I mean as an engineer
nothing more is
information is nothing more than the
best knowledge you can have and those
you know 180 some trucks that you guys
had and we had we took all the learnings
from that and the variety conditions you
see here in the snow in the rain in the
desert climbing up Donner Pass and we
turned it all into what is now a better
truck. Um you know we have demonstrated
over 500 miles on a single charge. We've
demonstrated the reliability in the cold
and everything and we're putting that
all into the improvements we've made
here.
&gt;&gt; That's right. So,
ready for volume. What is it? What is
this truck? And it really is designed
for that. And we've changed. It's a lot
easier to talk about the things that we
didn't change. Uh, but we're going to
talk about things that we did change
because we've really touched a lot. And
at the end of the day, it is more
efficient. It is more reliable, more
manufacturable, and ultimately set up to
deliver the lowest total cost of
ownership. And that's done through a
variety of means. Um, one of which is
that we've transitioned from our
purchased 2170s to our in-housemade
4680s.
&gt;&gt; That allows us to do a lot of things
with the battery. The battery is a heart
of any electric vehicle and certainly
the truck. It's allowed us to make the
battery lower mass, lower kilowatt
hours, which means lower cost. But we
also did that by improving efficiency
around the entire vehicle. So even
though we have less battery in the pack,
we have the same range.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. And that's right. And that's 500
real world miles. Our customers have
validated. We've demonstrated it. You
these are 82k fully loaded miles. Not
diminishing load. We're not trying to
cheat the numbers here.
&gt;&gt; No, for sure. I mean, and you can go
maybe if you're half loaded 60,000 lbs,
you can go 600 miles. So, we want to
make sure that you guys understand this
is no joke. This is the real deal and
we've proven it.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. And the other thing is that range
is great, but you don't just need range.
You also need charging to go with that.
We still charging.
&gt;&gt; Oh, yeah. That whole thing that was live
outside. Did we leave that truck plugged
in?
&gt;&gt; Yep.
&gt;&gt; Oh, hey.
&gt;&gt; Still 1.2 kilowatt.
&gt;&gt; So, we're like 12. Yeah. Still ripping
1.2 uh megawws. Yeah.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. And that and that's really because
of the work we did with the battery and
the whole HV chain to make sure that the
power can be there the whole time.
&gt;&gt; So, we're at 27%. All right. So, we also
the other thing is that for those who
have had a chance to review the vehicle
over the years, you have mostly been
familiar with long range, but we're
super excited to also be building out of
this factory multiple variants,
including standard range, 325 miles of
capability, lower mass, great fit for a
variety of applications.
&gt;&gt; And that means, you know, range anxiety
really shouldn't be a problem. But we've
done that with a drivetrain as well.
&gt;&gt; Yep. It's all about again improving
efficiency and going back and making a
improvement upon the previous design.
And we were very fortunate to borrow the
plaid powertrain from before. I mean
that thing absolutely rips. But we also
realized that we could make it even
better.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. A carbon fiber sleeved rotor is
not exactly the technology you want to
put into a mass market thing. So, we
were able to take the rotor, which you
guys see here, put a steel cage around
that. And we found a way using this new
steel to, you know, improve efficiency,
improve reliability, and improve mass,
which is all great for the, you know,
the end customer, but also the
performance of the vehicle. We've also
taken new technology that we've
developed and put into our automotive
products over the years, such as the bar
wound stator, which is about to come in
now on the screen, to improve the same
thing. This actually has allowed us to
make a motor that is not only cheaper,
lighter, and better. We've lost about 80
kilograms on the drive axle, but
actually provides more reliability than
we ever have before.
&gt;&gt; And another thing on lowering cost is
that stator is shared with Cybertruck.
And so we got to reuse that design and
engineering, but we also got to reuse
that line and uh save even more money to
avoid that investment.
&gt;&gt; You know, and and it comes down to every
detail at Tesla. You know, when we're
designing something, we always want it
to be super bespoke and super like
engineered for the product. You see the
cutaways here, and they're very, very
detailed. One of the things that I was
always frustrated with in the old semi
was we had three different oils just in
the drive axle itself.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. I mean, our engineers do amazing
work and they look to optimize
everything. And occasionally, we get a
little too far out there. And we ended
up with three oils in the first uh round
of the truck. We had a motor oil, we had
a gear oil, and we had a hub oil. And
we've changed that. Now we have on the
hub side fully integrated so or uh so
fully integrated hub and no oil
whatsoever which is more reliable and
lower rolling resistance. And then we've
gone on the gearbox and motor to one
common oil thanks to our lubricants team
who really came through there.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. And I mean the thing I hate about
old cars I love old cars and old trucks
and diesel trucks is you got to change
the oil every so often. But this oil is
going to last over a quarter million
miles. So hopefully you never have to
touch it.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. And that really goes with the
ethos and something that if you spend
one day at Tesla, you will probably hear
time and time again is the best part is
no part. And we took this on not just
with the oil side, but also with uh the
steering. And this was a big revelation.
We've gone away from one of the things
that I know absolutely irks Lars to the
nth degree, which is energy conversion.
And we went to fully electric power
steering.
&gt;&gt; No, I've hated it since day one. When we
when we made Model S, we had a vacuum
pump that powered the the brake system.
And it drove me crazy cuz you take a
vacuum and then you turn it into
hydraulic power and then you turn it
into friction. You just have losses over
losses over losses. And I literally lose
sleep over that kind of stuff. Same
thing happened here. We started with the
truck. We had a hydraulic power steering
system. And you know, electric power
steering is great. It does a lot of
things. We've got it here now in the
truck. It's fully redundant. We actually
use the technology that we first
developed with Cybertruck for a full
steer bywire system to make it
autonomous ready, but also to give the
driver something that they don't
normally get, which is immensely quick
response. You know, one of the things
when you're driving a truck is you want
to be able to put it where you know, you
got 80,000 lbs in the in the back there.
You want to be able to put it where you
want it to go. And with the electric
power steering system we have, if you
guys have gotten a chance to drive it,
or if you haven't, your drivers are
going to be super happy because it is
the most precise steering system I've
ever seen on a class A truck.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, it's pretty incredible. You can
really put the thing where you want to.
Couple that with precise throttle
control as well as then a wheel cut that
actually lets the truck have nearly the
same turning radius as our Model Y and
it is a dream to maneuver in those tight
situations, whether you're talking urban
or you're like doing loading dock
maneuvers. like you can really put the
truck where you want to and get it down
to that last little bit and squeak
everything out,
&gt;&gt; you know, and and and that makes your
driver's pre-check pre-drive checklist
easier, too, because we it's all on the
screen and it's all there, but but you
know, you don't have to worry about the
leaks from the hydraulic system. So, I'm
super excited about this. Um, it's one
of my favorite parts. I literally lifted
it up one time to show Elon. I was so
excited about it.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. And we stayed under the hood here
and uh went to another system that we
decided to optimize. And I remember the
first time that we were reviewing the
thermal system with the team, they just
kind of looked at me and they're like,
"All right, you know that 3y uh thermal
system that we've got? We're going to
put two of them in the truck." Which was
a little bit of a shock, but uh we've
come a long way since then.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. You know, I mean, I think back
then we're trying to do the what we want
to do, which is take our high volume
products that have mass reliability that
we built, you know, over 10 million cars
and we've run billions and billions of
miles on and say we're going to take
that reliability and put it into the
semi because that's really important to
our customers.
&gt;&gt; But actually, what we realized in this
case was it wasn't really capable. So,
we developed an allnew um IT system
which is our uh indirect thermal system
&gt;&gt; and we put it we designed it at the same
time we designed the cyber cab and we
said okay we're going to take our most
efficient vehicle and our biggest
vehicle and we're going to take one
thermal system and make it work for
both. And we actually did that with some
small modifications to the actual like
cooling loop side of it. But that means
what you get in this vehicle is a
compressor and a thermal system that has
been already proven millions and
millions of miles over which means
you're getting reliability from day one.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, we have a bigger radiator than
cyber cab for example but slightly
&gt;&gt; slightly but the core componentry pumps
compressor exchangers they're the same
and that means we get to leverage that
over and over again. There's
&gt;&gt; what like two or three coolant pumps in
every vehicle we make. Yeah, roughly 10
million. So like 25 30 million coolum
pumps. So you know we have a handful of
them up front. You can easily access
them for service and reliability from
the front uh hood of the trunk. But
those pumps are the same pumps we have
all over the world. And that means not
only do you get a very reliable part, a
very available part, but you get to
leverage that distribution system as
well.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. And one thing you might notice
about this thermal system is that
there's no AC lines, there's no
refrigerant lines. And that's the beauty
of the indirect thermal system is it
comes from the factory fully charged,
sealed with refrigerant and it just
exchanges coolant. It doesn't actually
run refrigerant up to the front of the
vehicle. So there's no AC lines to worry
about damaging or leaking or having to
do any work in the shop. It's a great
tight integrated system straight out of
the factory.
&gt;&gt; And the heat pump is as it is defined is
allowed to move heat from one area of
the vehicle to another. And because
we've integrated the system to include
the battery, the drive unit, and the
cabin, we take the heat heat where it
is. We scavenge it and we put it where
it needs to go. And the way I think
about heat as an engineer is not like is
my body hot or is it hot, but it's like
every degree of heat energy. So if you
need to cool the cabin by two degrees,
we can take that heat out of the air
that's going into the cabin using the
heat pump and the indirect thermal
system and put it to the battery in the
drive room where you need it, which
means it's more efficient.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. And if you can't tell, we're kind
of ruthless about every W hour that we
chase in these things because there's
this wonderful compounding effect is
that if you make the vehicle more
efficient, that means it's less battery
you need to do the same amount of work,
which means that you can take battery
out of the vehicle, which is lower cost
and lower mass,
&gt;&gt; faster charging.
&gt;&gt; Yes.
&gt;&gt; And the cool thing about all that is I
remember when we started this project,
we were doing some quick math and you
know JB and Elon said, "Hey, you know,
if we can get to about, you know, 2,000
watt hours a mile. This could work. And
then we had some naysayers. Names shall
not be mentioned.
&gt;&gt; But pretty well-known names.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Who said that's impossible. And at
Tesla, we love when people tell us
something's impossible. So, we took that
challenge.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; What are we at now? 1.6. 1.7.
&gt;&gt; We're 1.6. Yeah. Like 1.7 fully loaded.
One just under. Yeah.
&gt;&gt; So, we took that down about 25%.
&gt;&gt; So, that's what's under the hood. And
there's plenty more changes. I mean, if
you can't tell, Lars and I could go on
and on and on about all the awesome work
the team has done to get us here. But
it's not just about what we can build.
It's what it's like to actually drive.
And we've really tried to refine this.
Again, leveraging all the feedback from
that fleet. The customer feedback, we
really value it. It's our It's really
amazing with these relationships. We can
talk directly and get that feedback and
incorporate it in. And we've done a lot
to make it what was a great driving
truck to an even better driving truck.
&gt;&gt; You know, obviously at Tesla, we care a
lot about our customers. We care a lot
about the people that are in our
vehicles, not just from a safety
standpoint and how they feel and how
they operate, but like what kind of
emotions they get when they're driving.
And we wanted to make a truck that you
don't have to sell someone to drive that
they want to drive. And like I always
say to my team, if you make something
that you want to drive, that people will
follow you and want to drive. And this
truck is no exception to that. Since the
last truck, which is only four years
old, we've reduced the road noise
orders, well, not orders of magnitude,
but some levels of percentage by adding
acoustic glass and reducing cabin noise
through extra insulation. And you know,
sometimes when we do all that, we look
back and we say, man, did we get
everything right?
&gt;&gt; Yeah, we don't always do that. We
definitely, and this is where our
customers said, nope, you're wrong. And
we fully admit we were wrong about the
window. For anybody that interfaced with
our old truck and tried the little pop
out window, not sufficient. We're
totally willing to challenge the spec
and try something brand new. Turns out
there's a lot of infrastructure in the
world, whether it's a badge reader or
your toll booth or you're talking to
somebody on a call box. There's all
kinds of stuff right at that height. And
it became evident that we needed a roll
down window in order to make that
infrastructure easier to interface with.
Totally owned it. So, we put one in.
&gt;&gt; It's okay to be wrong, Dan.
&gt;&gt; Yes. No, absolutely love to be wrong.
&gt;&gt; But the other things you'll notice with
our drivers here is that you'll see them
they're incorporating a lot of features
from our Tesla vehicles. You know, Luis
when he gets into the truck clicks his
own driver profile. And so if you buy a
fleet of semiis, you're going to
actually be able to take every
individual semi and make it that
driver's semi right when they get in.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. And this is like a nice visual
where he clicks on his name. But in
actuality, it's way more seamless than
that because it's tied to their driver
profile that's on their phone. So when
they walk up to that cab, when they open
that door, the truck immediately says,
"I am that driver's truck." It adjusts
the seat settings, which is electronic.
And so it knows exactly what your
seating position wants to be. Any other
mirror memory, it's there. If you have
any other profile settings in the UI,
anything that you've tweaked to your
liking, it follows you truck to truck.
Huge enabler for a fleet environment.
&gt;&gt; Our firmware team's been doing that for
years and it was no exception here.
We're bringing in everything we've had
in the automotive fleet to the to the
semi. We have trip planner so you can
get updates on the fly. That means when
you're driving, you don't have to worry
about range anxiety because we take into
account weather, traffic. If you do need
to charge, we'll link you to a charger.
&gt;&gt; And it doesn't just change based on
weather and traffic, but because the
semi has constantly varying loads, if
you have an application where you're
picking up new load or you're dropping
it off, it adjusts dynamically based on
your load to give you more accurate
range estimates,
but it's out in the road. How does it
do? Right? And we really put a high
emphasis on maintenance. And we really
emphasize again, best part is no part,
best maintenance is no maintenance. But
ultimately the uptime is what really
matters and electric does provide that
but it's about proving it and this year
we've been able to demonstrate it with
our existing fleet of a up fleet uptime
of more than 98%. And that's huge for a
fleet or any owner operator or driver.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
You know, early on, I remember talking
to a lot of you about like uptime and
fleet and like what you needed and what
you expected and I was honestly appalled
at the numbers that came out of the VR
amount like vehicle off-road amounts
from everyone. We didn't think that was
good enough and we've tried to exceed
that and that's what's showing in the
uptime. Um, and really like it's all
about maintenance. You know, planned
maintenance is okay. Unscheduled
maintenance is a tragedy and uh I think
we have you covered. Yeah, the plan is
that for wherever we put trucks in the
world, there will be a maintenance
solution for you. And that can come in a
variety of flavors. We're setting up a
bespoke semi-ervice network where we can
bring trucks in to do the maintenance
that we need. But that's not always
necessary. And sometimes the more
efficient thing is to send technicians
out to the truck. And we already do this
on the car side, but we're bringing it
over for trucks as well with mobile
service. And then there's the fact that
the truck is fully connected. And so
overtheair diagnostics and updates are
totally possible to help alleviate the
service and make that even more
seamless.
&gt;&gt; You know, the other thing you get to
take advantage of with the Tesla Semi is
our parts distribution system.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. All that carryover.
&gt;&gt; You know, there's 10 20 times as many
cars on the road as there are class 8
and up trucks. But that means we have to
distribute parts for those vehicles all
the time. And we're going to use those
same distribution centers to make sure
if you do need a part, we can get it
there right away.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. And we're leveraging all of the
things that we've done over the years to
train technicians. I mean, this is more
than a decade in the making where we've
been working on training technicians for
high voltage service and being able to
take care of these vehicles. And we're
taking those same practices and there's
the same back-end knowledge base that's
constantly being shared. And again, if
there's something that we find that's a
field failure on the car side, the truck
side immediately knows about it. So, the
two learn from each other. These are not
siloed entities. Even though the
physical service centers are different,
the knowledge share is common between
everything.
But it's not just about service in the
field. You kind of need something else
to keep the truck going.
&gt;&gt; Got to charge it.
&gt;&gt; Charging.
And so wherever we're going to put
trucks, we will also have chargers. And
we're putting mega chargers in the major
regions and along major routes. And by
the end of the year, we'll have about
more than 30 stations coming online with
represent more than 200 megawatt capable
posts.
&gt;&gt; And in case you didn't think we could do
this, we have over 80,000 superchargers
worldwide. We know that when you're
going to change an industry, you got to
bring the ease to that industry. And
we're putting these in already. And, you
know, it's not just about our mega
chargers that are going everywhere. It's
also about, you know, private charging,
overnight charging, and we're willing to
do that, too.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. And many of our customers are very
interested in deploying charging at
their home base. It's the equivalent of
home charging. That's great. Just like
you have in your car, plug it at home at
the end of your day, end of your shift.
And so we're really excited because a
number of players have already started
ordering charge equipment. Either Tesla
can help at the installer, you can order
it yourself. It's available on the
website right now. And it comes in a
couple different varieties. We have the
Mega Charger, which is great for a
number of fleets, particularly if you're
slip seating or if you're trying to
cycle trucks through, but often a
offshift overnight charger is a better
fit. And for that, we have our base
charging product that's around 125 uh
kilowatts. And so that's great for an
overnight charge where you plug the
truck, walk away.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. And I think, you know, if we talk
forward about like charging and the
experience, it's really about what that
provides um to our customers from a
service side as well.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. And I think that if any of you
have had the privilege of interfacing
with the charging network, the
reliability is 99.8
&gt;&gt; something like that.
&gt;&gt; It just works. This is not something you
ever have to worry about. the semi or
the supercharging system just works and
we're using that same service and
support network again technicians but
also the parts distribution network it's
the same hardware I mean the handle is
different because we have a different
interface these are MCS equipped handles
and yes we're designing for full
interoperability so we know that it's
important we did this on the car side
where we opened up the network we're
doing it on the truck side we're fully
committed to this where we want the semi
to plug into other equipment providers
and we want other OEMs that are making
MCS equipped trucks to be able to plug
into the Tesla network.
&gt;&gt; It's part of the mission.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, it's that uptime is super super
important and we're bringing that exact
same experience where you just plug in
and walk away and you can do the uh
preconditioning and charging during the
route. That whole experience is exactly
the way it is on the car side and we've
just brought it over to the semi side.
&gt;&gt; By the way,
&gt;&gt; we still charging.
&gt;&gt; Wait, did we Yeah, are we still
charging? Can we check in on that?
&gt;&gt; Hey.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. So, one of the things we forgot to
mention
&gt;&gt; is you can get in about the 25 minutes
we've been talking 2530 minutes.
&gt;&gt; Oh, almost 30. Yeah.
&gt;&gt; You can get about 60% of your charge
back. You see, we're still pulling a lot
of power about 800 kilowatts. And so,
that's So, if you need to get on the
road, you can.
&gt;&gt; Yep.
&gt;&gt; All right. When it all comes down to it,
this is about cost. We've mentioned it
about reliability, about trying to drive
volume, about trying to do everything we
can to improve the cost and lower it for
our customers. and it's still the goal.
&gt;&gt; Elon mentioned that electricity costs
less than diesel, but that's true and
that's like over time, you know,
volatility in the oil market and the
diesel market goes up and down and
that's okay, but typically we've seen in
the history of the last 20 years,
electricity is pretty flat and wouldn't
it be great to have a flat cost in your
shipping rates?
&gt;&gt; Yeah. And that's where like we really
invite and we encourage like all of our
customers and thank them so much for
everything they've done to help us. But,
you know, for those that are looking to
get get into the business, whether
you're a new fleet and you're building
or you're looking to turn your fleet
over, I mean, wouldn't it be nice to cut
out all that volatility, the diesel
price, but also the maintenance? You're
not worried about that late life after
treatment system. Or what about the
emission standards are constantly
changing?
&gt;&gt; Well, we don't have that. So, with zero
emissions, you don't have to worry about
emission standards.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. And so, we're really excited about
all this and we couldn't be more
thankful of everybody that's helped make
it happen. You know, that's everybody
here at Tesla, that's our suppliers, and
everybody along the way, but most
importantly, it's about our customers.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, we really want to say thank you to
our customers. We're actually have our
first trucks outside now, um, but we're
delivering starting this week.
&gt;&gt; We're super excited to be deploying
these into our own operations because
it's fulfilling the mission that we
originally started out. You know, heavy
trucks are 1% of the vehicles on the
road, but represent like 16% of
emissions. And so we're going to take
the first stab, be our own first
customer, and haul in our own freight uh
to clean up our own supply chain.
&gt;&gt; Rolling out now to a, you know, shipping
depot near you. Thank you to everyone
here. Thank you to the Tesla team. Thank
you to everyone that's made this
possible.
&gt;&gt; Thank you so much. So excited to have
everybody here. Thank you so much. But
wait, wait, wait. Hold on, hold on, hold
on, hold on.
&gt;&gt; Wait. Lars, did you have one more thing?
&gt;&gt; You know, Dan, I think you're right. We
can't have semievent without a roadster.
We'll see you next week.