Channel:     jobhakdi
Title:       How THIS Investment Method BEAT Tesla And The Stock Market Since 2023
URL:         https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DqTw9O_vlbw
Published:   2026-05-01 16:00 UTC
Fetched:     2026-05-01 17:00 UTC

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

We live in the age of AGI and it is an
age with unprecedented opportunities.
And as you know here at Pioneer Lands
and with Pioneer Alpha, we are looking
into how to capitalize on this amazing
transformative technology that is
artificial general intelligence. Here
you see Yensen Huang and the Nvidia
Ruben system. The things at the core
that drive this transformation. But how
can we actually make alpha? How can we
beat the market and why do we actually
do beat the market with our strategy?
Here we are going to reveal exactly
what's behind it to actually shed some
light on how you can stay ahead of the
stock market and understand AGI better
than anyone else. So as you know we are
very focused here on Tesla, Elon Musk,
SpaceX too but mostly Tesla, Optimus,
Roboaxi and some other transformative
technologies that make Tesla the most
interesting play in the entire AI space.
There are other things of course Nvidia
one of my favorites too but we are
focusing on Tesla and soon we will see
that Tesla will go even beyond Earth
merge very likely with SpaceX and go all
for the stars and in a way that is
actually defined on a timeline that is
much much closer than most people think.
That is why my price target as you know
is $4,000 by 2030 plus X. Now, the X
stands for everything SpaceX, the
$4,000. Different from Kathy Wood and
Arc Invest, who are great, by the way,
but they have a 2,900 price target. I
have a 4,000 price target, including
Optimus, because Optimus is the key.
Now, that is the opportunity we are
looking at. But there are many tricks
and tribulations between now and there.
As you know, we live in a very
complicated time. We just went through
the Iran war. We just saw how important
it is to predict things like that to
understand macro to understand also the
Fed, interest rates, oil, all these
things beyond the individual stock. And
we also saw that there can be bad times
in the middle of the age of AGI. There
was the fear of an AI bubble. The market
went down 6% in 2026 for the first
quarter. Pretty bad. Tesla went down
too. And when it comes to Tesla, despite
being this amazing opportunity, look at
this. Over the last 5 years, not totally
5 years, but four 4 and a half years,
you would be actually down, slightly
down since 2021 peak. So, if you don't
know what you're doing and you don't
know how to actually capture alpha and
actually trade these things, there can
be long periods of frustration. If Tesla
goes to a,000 this year or next year,
what happens next? Does it go back to
500? Do we flatline for 5 years? Do we
flatline all the way to 2030 and then
suddenly jump to 4,000? All of that is
possible. And in order to really
generate alpha and beat the market
consistently, we cannot just be
long-term holders. We need to be a
little smarter to actually generate
alpha in between and then long-term beat
everyone. That is the topic of today's
video where we will look into how we
actually do that and of course also look
at the results and what else we can do
about it. So let's start to dive into
how this works. So I'm revealing here my
method. This is developed by me based on
you know my work in the market since
1999. Unbelievably I that's the first
time I started trading options and
looked at things but I got very serious
in 2014 about these things and then
super serious with actually a track
record since 2024 or end of 2023 when I
decided to do this in a very focused way
and since then I developed a method that
is the pioneer alpha and the pioneer
lens method by the way we're going to go
into this now this is not just about
stocks this is about predicting and
understanding a reality that is
increasingly and exponentially
developing fast and seemingly out of
control. So this method right now I'm
using it to just generate alpha
outperform the market and let other
people participate in that by the way
get to this in the end. But it is more
than that as you will see it is not just
to make money. It is also to shape and
engineer reality itself. Today we are
only focusing on investments. Today we
are only focusing on stocks but there
will be more videos in Pioneerlands. Go
to pioneerlands.org by the way where
we'll cover this and think about how we
actually use that ability to understand
and predict the future to not just make
a lot of money but also to engineer the
realities we want. So let's get started.
The first step the first step we need to
take this is a very systematic process.
First step is to understand the future
on a 5 to 10 year horizon. On a first
principal level, we need to understand
fundamentally what is robo taxi? What is
autonomous transport? What is artificial
general intelligence? What is artificial
super intelligence? What is the role of
space in this whole thing? What is the
role of robots like Optimus? What is the
role of other technologies, financial
transformations and also some macro?
Where does Europe go? Where does Germany
go? Where does the UK go? And of course,
where does the United States go? Plus
the other countries. So in order to
understand this reality, there is no way
around a bunch of things. These three
things are key. You need to do deep
research or I need to do deep research
depending on what you want to do. Deep
research means it's not a joke. We need
to deeply understand these technologies.
What is a robot? How is it being built?
What is the latest theory on it? What is
the latest strategy on it? What is FSD?
What are endto-end neural nets in
autonomous driving? What are
self-landing rockets? What are reusable
rockets? Where are they at in the
development phase? What is Vera Rubin,
the chip you saw in the beginning of
this video? What is
what are LLMs? Are LLMs actually capable
of getting us to artificial general
intelligence? Of course, also the
central question, what is artificial
general intelligence? There's an
academic version of it. There's an
economic version of it. AGI is simply a
thing that can replace human workers
comprehensively, the median human worker
in one of 12 central economic verticals.
Which leads me to the second piece,
economic modeling. We can't just do
first principal understanding. We need
to convert that into solid and robust
economic models of individual verticals
but also of stocks of Tesla of companies
of Nvidia of SpaceX as well as
countries. We have to understand where
does the GDP go. We need to understand
all these things and fortunately we have
some smart people here in Pioneer Lands
Pine Alpha and of course AI is helping
us exponentially to get these models
done and this is a whole different video
to explain how we do these models
because you need to be very efficient.
In principle, it is better to have a lot
of models broadly that cover a lot of
ground and focus on reduced minimized
models that just hit the key points
instead of getting lost right into oh
what is the free cash flow of Tesla robo
taxi division in 2034 that's not the
most important question okay once we
have this understanding a first
principle understanding that is
quantified with economic models about
the key verticals
about across a 5 to 10 year horizon.
We go to the next place, the next piece
of the equation. And as you will see,
this is a funnel here. We start with
understanding the big picture, modeling
out the fundamental principles. We
understand fundamentally this is a 5
trillion, 10 trillion, 15 trillion TAM,
whatever it is, depending on what we are
talking about or it's an unlimited TAM
in the case of AI satellites for
example, there is no ceiling, which is
very interesting. So also with robots
arguably maybe there's also no ceiling.
With AGI of course there's no ceiling.
So now we entering this whole thing
where there are no ceilings anymore on
the economic value that can be created
through one singular trajectory but
that's a 5 to 10 year horizon. The next
step this funnel funnels it down brings
the actual design time point closer to
the current reality. Predict looks at a
12 month horizon. Once you understand
you can predict and predictions need to
be shorter term otherwise they're
useless in order to get to the
operational point number three in a
minute. So what does predict mean? Now
we are adding to these economic models
and first principle and first principal
trajectories concrete catalysts identify
concrete forcing functions and put on
timing probabilities over the next 12
months. For example, Optimus Tesla
Optimus the humanoid robot that's coming
out. We now know from the earnings call
that we have a 90-day timeline to the
reveal of Optimus version V3 that is
very likely the commercial version the
first commercial version of the Optimus
robot. Now a lot of people have waited
for this moment for a long time but now
because of sentiment and other things
that are very bad around Tesla which is
very good for us because it's free
alpha. Now we know okay in 90 days
they're going to reveal that. Of course
we have to do some timing probabilities.
Is is Elon going to be late? I say not
not likely that they're very late. I was
right on cyber cap. I'm probably right
here because too long for this video,
but it's unlikely that Optimus will be
delayed much more. So then we can know,
okay, this is happening. Is that a big
catalyst? Is it a forcing function? No,
it's not a forcing function because
Optimus reveal is no cash flow. There is
no forcing function. It doesn't force
analysts who don't like Tesla to
actually upgrade the stock. But it's a
soft catalyst. the people who are fans,
the people who like Tesla, they get a
boost out of this seeing the actual
robot. And of course, we have to put on
probabilities. How likely is this robot
going to be very good? I think it's very
likely that it is going to be quite
compelling. So, this is just one
example. Another example, of course, is
robo taxi, what is happening? Predicted
that they will keep the cyber cap
scaling timing on the manufacturing
timeline in April and they did. And now
we are in this weird zone where everyone
is disappointed that robo taxis isn't
scaling as I'm saying once they hit
1,800 robo taxis in full operation that
is your forcing function that will drive
the price to $600 to $1,000. So we know
that for sure. I know that for sure for
many reasons. And now the next question
is okay but when is this happening? That
is the trick here on a 12 month uh month
horizon. And that leads me to number
three. Once you understand the future
and you predict the next year with the
probabilities, forcing functions and
catalysts plus delay risks, you can
start to pinpoint the actual stock
price. 4-week horizon, now it's getting
serious. 4-week horizon, that is the
thing where there's the meat for alpha.
Four weeks, that's where the meat
happens. That's where we outperform the
market. Now, of course, the closer we
get to today in the stock market, the
exponentially more difficult and risky
everything becomes. So, four week is a
very nice thing. Often I do one week,
one to four weeks where we want to
actually predict what happens to the
stock. And of course, you know that this
is the holy grail of investing. The holy
grail of investing. If you just don't
want to be lame and simply beat the
market, that's easy. You just buy some
Tesla and Nvidia and wait. But here,
it's a little bit different. We want to
actively generate alpha. pinpoint how
does this work. Here it gets a little
bit art and science at the same time.
You need to have a very very very good
take on highlevel technical analysis.
Not not crazy technical analysis. You
just have to understand where was the
all-time high. Where was the company at?
December 16th, 2025 was the last
all-time high at 489 bucks for Tesla for
example. And we like well we are much
stronger company now than back then. We
are 25% below that. That is very good. I
like that. Okay. On a technical level,
because we know there's this all-time
high not too long ago and we just
stronger now and much cheaper. You need
to understand fundamental valuation and
fair value. How much below our predict
model and our understand model are we
for Tesla? Well, we are roughly at a 50%
discount right now to what the stock is
actually worth in terms of the deeper
model. So, that's very good. We get a
deep steep discount to the real value.
Plus we get a discount to the technical
value. Then we have to look at macro
very important for pinpointing and
predicting the actual stock moves. We
have to zoom out of Tesla or Nvidia
whatever we looking at and look at the
greater context because even if
technical looks good and fundamental
looks excellent. If World War II breaks
out, if oil goes to 250, it's not going
to help us. We are going to have a
crash. So we need to also see macro,
Iran, Trump, the embargo, oil price and
other things. The new Fed chair, is that
all at risk in the next four weeks
likely to escalate or not? And you can't
get around that. If you want to do that,
you need to be very good in having a
grasp of that. And I'm reasonably good
at that. I'm better than everyone else I
know, but I'm sometimes wrong. It's not
about being wrong or right. It's about
understanding your confidence
uh levels and intervals for your
predictions. So for Iran, I was sure
about certain things. I was reasonably
sure that I was right about a quick
taco, for example, that Trump will stop
the war within a week. I was reasonably
sure about that and I was wrong. But
that didn't hurt me too much because my
meta first principle that he can't
escalate that war was true. So,
you know, there needs to be buffers
built into everything we're doing here.
And everything when we pinpoint things
actually does not lead to a firm
prediction, but it leads to something
that I call probabilistic scenario
consolations.
So, instead of saying Tesla will be at
400, I made a video that I believe it's
likely we go back to 400 very soon,
right? Next week or whatever.
Probabilistic scenario constellations
mean that's not how you think. You have
to think about okay what are the three
most likely scenarios and how likely are
they? For example, right now Tesla is
undervalued. All kinds of things are
happening after earnings senseless
selloff because of capex and you know
the whole story probably we are
perfectly destined to go back to 400
very quickly. That's what I believe
that's number one most likely scenario
we are back at 400 within the next week
or two weeks. Okay. What is scenario
number two? Scenario number two is we
are just sidelining because after
earnings you get this hit even if it's
irrational and the stock tends to linger
around wherever it drops. That's just
something I know. So okay that's the
second most likely scenario. Less likely
then we are going to 400 but still
reasonably likely. Okay so we can hover
around here maybe go a little up and not
to 400. I would put a lower probability
on that than 400 but still reasonable.
What is the third probability that we
drop? Of course. Okay. Can we drop a
lot? Can we drop a lot? And I would say
no. Given the whole technical analysis,
fair value, and the market situation, I
do not think we can drop a lot. I think
it's incredibly likely. So, I'm taking
this from number three and put it to
number four. I think it's incredibly
unlikely. Okay, I'm just giving you this
example right now. What is number three?
Number three is we run up to 420, 430,
440 very quickly. I think that is
actually the third most likely scenario.
Not likely, but possible. All we need is
robo taxi has now 25 unsupervised going
steep through the roof by the way. And
so the probability we need to look at
robo taxi tracker for example the
probability that this just keeps scaling
and suddenly we have 100 unsupervised
probably in one or two weeks is not
impossible right it's not the least
likely thing. So if you look for example
at the robo taxi tracker you know you
have to keep your eyes on everything and
you see here look this is looks pretty
exponential to me. This is unsupervised
Tesla robo taxis plus the cyber caps are
rolling out. So could that lead to the
stock going back to all-time highs
within 4 weeks? Absolutely it could. I
don't think it's likely but it's more
likely than the stock dropping from
here. Okay. So now I'm just giving you
that example for the method. So now we
pinpointed it. You have your scenarios.
You always have to ask yourself what is
the most likely. Is it most likely to
drop more or to run up like crazy or to
go up significantly but not too much to
400 or sidelining? I think 400 number
one. Sidelining number two run up to 420
440 number three dropping below 360 or
something extremely unlikely. Number
four. And once you have made up your
mind and put these probabilities in
place and put your confidence intervals
on each of them so you understand how
sure you are, you can do the final thing
which is engineer. So when I say
engineer, some people would just call it
execute but it's not that simple. Okay,
because what do you do now? That is why
I like options. You have a blend between
your core position where you say I want
to have 50% of my net worth in Tesla
whatever 25% of my net worth of my
liquid net worth in Tesla whatever your
thing is because I believe in Tesla I
don't want to miss out and then the rest
is there for alpha trading maybe you
want to hedge maybe you want to buy
other stocks but here you have
pinpointed your probabilistic scenario
constellation and can now layer the
options around it now what does it mean
that is why I'm always telling everyone
I'm not an options trader I don't
believe in it. Maybe some people know
how to do it. I don't know how to do it.
What I do know how to do is how to
predict the future, understand the
future, predict the future, and then
pinpoint the probabilistic scenario
constellation, and then layer my options
around it so they reflect my
convictions. Let me give you an example.
Right now, what am I the most sure
about? I'm the most sure that Tesla will
not drop much more. Okay? I'm also
reasonably sure that a huge run is
unlikely. Okay. Therefore, what I'm
going to do is not just buy a lot of
stocks on margin or something, but layer
my options around it. And how do I do
that? I look at the stock where it's
right now. For example, here you see
it's 379. And then I say, well, the
probability this drops below 36 370 is
actually very low. And if it does, it
jumps right back up. That is what I
actually believe right now. It could go
to 400. It could also have around here.
So I am selling weekly puts on mass
right now. On mass means way above 100%
exposure, not 10x exposure. I'm not
insane, right? You need to always
consider tail risk exists and you have
to watch this hour by hour. Don't copy
me if you do that. Make it a full-time
job. You cannot not look at the stock
for longer than 15 minutes if you do
that. just to make clear this is not a
joke because if it goes wrong you need
to pull the plug and you know how to
manage your risk. So,
I'm very at the money and slightly out
of the money uh short puts, which allows
me if you're at 380, 385, 375, 372.5
puts, you can go all in. Well, don't
don't do anything, right? You
understand? And uh then you make a lot
of money. So, if I end up, for example,
at above 380 this week, I will make
tremendous alpha over Tesla. I'm telling
you, tremendous alpha. We talking
multiple percentage points just this
week. Now, of course, if Tesla goes to
420 this week, I will also have to act
very fast. Not because I'm losing money,
but I'm losing alpha, right? If Tesla
goes up too much, I'm not making money
with these, you know, at the money out
of the money puts. So, I need to stack
very quickly, right? So, you need to be,
this is not like a beginner thing. So,
you do options layering as I explained.
You have your core position, you do
hedging and stacking. stacking. So if
anything goes wrong, you have to act
fast. But also, if it goes wrong in the
in the right direction because I don't
want to sit here with my 380 short puts
and Tesla goes to 420 and I'm not doing
anything. If that happens, you have to
stack. Well, I have to stack to maintain
my alpha. I have to immediately sell the
same amount at 390, then the same amount
at 400
hourly, right? If this happens, if
there's a run in order to maintain my
advantage over Tesla, otherwise I'm just
sitting there and Tesla's outperforming
me. So that is in a nutshell in a
nutshell the method and I want to
conclude with the last sentence here
when you engineer if you want to do
anything like that there's always a bias
towards downside protection of course I
rather lose up on the upside than lo
than getting crushed on the downside
that's why I like at the money and out
of the money short puts more than deep
in the money puts where you of course
make more money if it goes up but you
have no buffer I love the buffer my best
weeks are when Tesla when I predict
Tesla goes up and Tesla goes actually
down a percent or something and I'm
still completely crushing it even more
than before in terms of alpha because I
have this nice premium buffer that
happened after earnings. I made a ton of
alpha over earnings even though I was
technically wrong. I said it's going to
go up or flat and it went a little bit
down but I still made a killing because
I had all these short puts at and
slightly out of the money. So that's
kind of what it is. And let's get to the
important point. What does it all mean?
What is the result of all of that? You
probably know that we had a pretty good
performance so far. Since inception 2024
in January, we are up 104%.
Very non-random because that was the
method I applied here. We have an alpha
over the S&amp;P of 54 percentage points.
Let that sink in. If you invested a
million in the S&amp;P, you would be at 1.5
million. Not bad. But with Pioneer
Alpha, you would be at 200 2.04 million.
So effectively 540,000
more gains on $1 million. That's pretty
serious for two years. Uh year to date,
I think we are just roughly beating the
S&amp;P 500 with a small little tiny piece,
but we are beating Tesla by a ton. And
as you see, Tesla, let's say in since
inception, actually beats the S&amp;P.
Interestingly enough, even though that
was not the greatest time for Tesla,
Tesla still beats the S&amp;P by 2%. And we
are beating Tesla by 52%.
Okay. Year to date, this was perfect.
I'm very proud of what we did so far in
2026. I predicted Q1 perfectly. I said
in December for Tesla, Q1 is going to be
bad. Tesla down 15%
until a as of April 27th and we are up
5.23% 23%. So we have an effective
alpha. Again, if you put a million into
Tesla January 1st of this year or
December 31st last year, just the last
four months, you would have lost 150,000
bucks and alpha, you would be up 50,000
bucks on the million, which means you
would have $210,000 more than investing
everything into Tesla. So I'm pretty
proud of this. Works pretty well across
all these different time periods.
Looking good.
And that is why we are also now
launching something very interesting
because people asked me of course Joe
mostly my followers on YouTube can we
invest in this thing and I first said no
because I was just trading my own money
but since September last year I was
thinking about it and we were actually
working on institutionalizing Pioneer
Alpha and we have now completed that we
have a beautiful securitization company
now in Luxembourg, one of the gold
standard jurisdictions for that. Nice
government regulation and oversight. We
have a great team there that works
directly with government compliance on
these structures and this is a bond. It
is a performance linked bond where we
designed something very cool and this is
just an update here on the Pioneer
Reserve. That is the name of the
company, Pioneer Reserve. And we issuing
these different types of bonds only for
qualified investors. Uh if you're
interested in the company and what this
all is and how it works, go to
pinealpha.org. But here is basically
what we are modeling out on this for
participation. It's a beautiful
instrument and what it does is the
following. It's a very straightforward
deal we came up with here. And the deal
is full Tesla upside 50% Pioneer Alpha
on top. So what does it mean? The money
that goes into the bond for any investor
in the bond, American investor, U
investor, UK investor, Swiss investor.
So we have multiple juris jurisdictions
this is open to. So
if a person puts in 100,000 bucks for
example into the bond its performance
linked is 3 years and whatever the
Pioneer Alpha portfolio does the
investors get back threeear maturity
after 1.5% annual operating expenses.
Now comes the trick. It is capped at the
Tesla performance. Right? So 100%
without any fees other than operating
expenses up to Tesla's performance. So
if Tesla is up in 3 years 300%.
Okay. And Pioneer Alpha let's say is up
400%. Just as an example, no promise of
course, uh the bond payout is 350%. So
whatever Pioneer Alpha makes above
Tesla, half of that goes to the
investors of the bond, the bond holders.
If Tesla's up 20% because everything
went wrong, not everything, but a lot
went wrong with Tesla. and Pioneer Alpha
is up 80%.
The investors get 20% plus the
differential which is 50%.
And if Tesla is up 50% and Pine Alpha is
20%, so we underperform Tesla then
unfortunately the investors of bond
holders only get the Pine Alpha
performance. And if Tesla is down 20%
and Pine Alpha is down 10%, still alpha
over Tesla investors get 15%.
So in all cases where Pioneer Alpha is
better than Tesla, the bond holders will
get more money than if they would have
invested into Tesla. That's the simple
deal. So it is made for people who love
the channel, who love uh the performance
of Pine Alpha and believe I can continue
that. Not a promise. Everything can go
wrong all the time when it comes to
money and investing, of course. But
people who believe I don't want to lose
my own money. It's mostly my own money
here. Uh this is the instrument. Very
proud of the team. Thank you team for
making this all happen. We will have
other bonds too. By the way, we have
other bonds. I'm not going to go into
that now. It's a beautiful thing where
we have basically different vehicles on
top of the Pioneer Alpha portfolio that
converts all that power of the H of AGI
into hopefully continuously strong
returns if we continue successfully as
we've done in the past. There are
different bond structures here that
capture the upside in different ways.
Tesla 50 is really for people who
believe in Tesla, who want to have an
instrument that if it performs well, the
instrument beats Tesla, beats a Tesla
position. That's the simple premise
here. The growth 45 is for people who
are happy with up to 45% gains a year,
but don't need to make more. And all the
excess gains are used, not all the
excess gains, but a lot of the excess
gains are used to basically buffer
forward buffer the 45%. So this thing is
geared towards trying to stabilize high
returns in the future. So if we exceed
45% which is likely to happen one year
or the other uh that goes into a buffer
and if the next year looks bad these
guys will still get more than the
portfolio makes because they draw down
from the buffer. So it's a buffering
mechanism. Very cool. This is an income
bond that pays 12% per year in cash plus
up to 100% on top at maturity.
Performance is a little lower in the
best case than this bond, but it has
annual payments. So, here's for Tesla
fans who believe Tesla is going to be
amazing, who also believe Pine Alpha can
keep beating Tesla and want to have
upside over Tesla. Here is for people
who want up to 45% growth per year. Of
course, with portfolio risk combined,
but higher yield with a buffer system
that helps them out in bad years if the
buffer is full, prefunded, by the way,
with uh 10% upfront funded buffer. It's
pretty cool. And here you have the
income people who want 1% cash per month
paid as 3% quarterly. So, that's what we
are doing here. Um it's all a big
adventure of course uh we are now
institutionalized. I love it and my main
focus will remain of course to do this
here. Uh that's how I make most of my
money by making myself money and by
making sure I make more than Tesla. Of
course I can't make sure. I can't
promise this but it's working like a
charm. Look at this. Today was a very
good day. Hey on this channel we do
something very important. We deeply
analyze, understand, and predict
capital, AGI, and politics. Not just to
beat the markets and make a lot of
money, even though that's important, but
also to build a new society and make the
future good for all of us, the pioneers.
If you want to help me on this journey,
you can do that by doing a very simple
thing. Like and subscribe. It helps me a
lot. Thank you so much for your support.
And let's get back to the video. So I
hope that was interesting. You enjoyed
that. We will have more coming out on
robo taxi very soon because as you know
transformative things are happening
here. People don't understand what that
curve actually means. Look at this.
Isn't that crazy? Fleet growth. So we
are following this like hawks. The most
interesting question with robot taxi
will be when people actually get it
right. When will this curve translate
into a real catalyst for investors where
they realize maybe this is just
happening. Maybe this is not in the
future. Maybe all the talk about delays
is stupid talk. Maybe we are watching
the most historic transformation of
transportation in real time. It will be
interesting to see when that time is. Is
it at 50 robo taxis at 100 or at a
thousand? We will see. But at that spa
speed, five robo taxes a day, it's not
going to take very long.
Anyways, I hope that was interesting and
I see you very soon.