Channel:     brighterwithherbert
Title:       Three Huge Events Just Changed Tesla’s Trajectory
URL:         https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xnETHzkL-AM
Published:   2026-05-22 13:30 UTC
Fetched:     2026-05-22 14:00 UTC

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Three big events happened this week with
SpaceX and Tesla. First, SpaceX dropped
their S1 IPO filing, and the biggest
revelation, they're attacking a market
that's worth $28.5 trillion. SpaceX
actual business is not rockets, it's AI
is a service. Second, Tesla made huge
progress with FSD now approved in a
second country in Europe and a new robo
taxi facility in Dallas. And finally,
the latest safety data from Nitsa shows
Tesla's robo taxi is actually safer than
we all thought. We've got the bulls here
with us today. We got the rational, also
known as Mr. Incredible, the executive
Jeff Lutz. We got the bot bull, the
master forecaster, the slayer of
spreadsheets, Sirin Basher, and we got
the golden bull, the founder and CEO, an
astronaut in his previous life, Larry
Goldberg. Welcome all three. How are you
guys all doing?
&gt;&gt; Hi, Herbert.
&gt;&gt; Hey,
&gt;&gt; Herbert. It's astronaut in my future
life.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, we talked about this a few times.
Astronaut this life. It's going to
happen soon for you, Larry. So, we've
got the SpaceX deal to talk about. You
guys can break that down apart. Uh, and
SpaceX and Tesla stock. We'll talk
anthropic deal because this is bigger
than we thought. SpaceX deal with
Anthropic and future partners that are
coming. Lots of news on FSD approved in
Europe and FS 13 14.3 is going out. Less
nag and robo taxi. Let's start with the
first bit of news. SpaceX f1 was
dropped. And the biggest thing we
learned Zatam the total address on
market is $28.5 trillion
and almost all of it is going to be in
enterprise applications and of course
we've now learned that anthropic their
deal with SpaceX is $1.25 billion per
month through May 2029 for AI compute
capacity and then capacity is ramping in
May and June at a reduced fleet fee. But
this deal is beyond just Colossus. It's
now Colossus 2 as well. Jeeoff, what's
your uh thinking about this deal?
The company and the product. I don't
look at the quarterly stock movement.
&gt;&gt; A very realistic bull questioning
certain decisions.
&gt;&gt; The rational bull. We enjoy listening to
bears.
&gt;&gt; We're looking for the red flags. You're
supposed to react.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, we had 50 cents a share the other
the last quarter. I mean, come on, guys.
I mean this is call it you know SpaceX
web services
call it you know any acronym you want
it's almost AI services
uh AI SpaceX services don't want to look
at that acronym on a piece of paper but
um it this could be a gigantic business
and the and the moat is the access the
coherence and the speed of hardware
infrastructure ramp. Remember this is
extremely complex. If you look out on
the landscape of all the hyperscalers,
you're seeing lots of cancellations, but
you're also seeing lots of those
cancellations being picked up by other
hyperscalers. So there's churn in the
system. There's delays in the system.
It's getting it's getting power load
generation. It's getting the battery
packs. It's getting permitting. It's
getting everything pulled together. So
if Elon continues to demonstrate almost,
you know, multiples, you know, in terms
of being in speed, in terms of bring up,
that's a moat. And that's going to bring
in anthropic the quite frankly the
biggest player maybe that has the best
chatbot uh to date at least currently. I
think I think this this who's number one
is going to move a lot. Um but this is
this is a big deal and and Elon and his
team created the moat that enabled this.
&gt;&gt; Uh yeah Jeeoff you saw this right? Uh
Elon said that this partnership with
Anthropic was expanded number one. All
right. AI comput as a service you called
it.
AI as a service uh ser AI SpaceX as a
service at significant scale right and
then he said more companies other
companies to do the same are you
expecting who you who do you think is
lined up
&gt;&gt; well you you've seen Elon do a 180 on a
dime with Enthropic and their leadership
team and and because he realizes there
there is a mode and the key here is is
driving really high utilization rates of
your product. You you've acquired this
product and you've got to depreciate it
over um some form of of volume and time
and that volume you'd like to have
increased, you know, maximize usage. So,
I mean, just pick out who the other
players are. You know, I think any one
of them could be a partner to to Elon
and his team in this endeavor. I also
think it's unpredictable uh these
training runs uh the size of them your
usage between training runs so that to
have multiple this is almost I hate to
say this it's kind of like the Uber
model in terms of having many OEMs
hopefully one of them eventually can
actually run a robo taxi for them but um
having uh many options so that you can
balance the load uh and have high
utilization of your network in that case
it would be robot taxi network In this
case, it's a it's an AI services uh
piece. So, this will help the cost
structure of SpaceX as well. Of course,
on the revenue line, everybody's talking
about the revenue line, but this is
going to help on the COGS line.
&gt;&gt; So, sir, are you going to have to redo
all your spreadsheets that you have on
your bingo card that uh look how big
this is? Number one, 2.28.5 and then
that vast majority of it is AI and
specifically enterprise applications.
&gt;&gt; Well, this is interesting, isn't it,
Herbert? because everybody's focused on
the launch business which is the far
left which is like the smallest number
on this chart and then Starlink
everybody I think recognizes
you know at least part of what Starlink
the opportunity there and you can see
Starlink broadband and Starlink mobile
1.6 six trillion. That's that's a pretty
big market opportunity.
And now we're talking about AI and all
the different pieces and the enterprise
applications obviously is the one that
sticks out here. And this is macro hard.
This is this is AI agents. This is
putting AI into enterprises and
basically redoing the infrastructure of
every single company on the planet. And
Elon's made the point that if you have a
company, even with one single person and
you're up against an AI only company, a
company with a human is going to lose
because AI can just operate so much
faster. So this is the the big future
that they're moving toward. Um, and the
numbers are staggering and probably
understated. The other thing I think
that's also interesting is for Tesla
shareholders, Elon's talked about
digital optimists and this is kind of in
the same wheelhouse using FSD technology
and and combining it with with Grock and
providing a an AI as a service, a Gentic
AI. Um, and so this is kind of
interesting too from a perspective of a
Tesla investor and I think that hasn't
gotten really any attention yet in terms
of that. Uh
Larry, you and I did a deep dive on
every single business that SpaceX has.
Uh that will drop tomorrow on Saturday
and then uh this enterprise application
though was a huge surprise to me uh in a
sense that it's like this big 22.7
trillion and but you said that this is
there this is just a addressable market.
There's obviously going to be lots of
competitors,
&gt;&gt; right? This is going to be the most
heavily uh comp heavily competed
portion of this, but I'll make a few
points. First,
first point I'll make is that
yes, it's a gigantic market, 22 bring up
the slide again. Yes, it's a gig
gigantic market, 22.7
trillion, but I will point out that the
rest of the market is no slouch. It's
almost 7 trillion dollars.
&gt;&gt; Mhm. So the you know I mean a $7
trillion market five years ago would
have been stunned us all
and now we treat it as like just the
icing on the cake. Um and and and let me
point out one more thing before we
actually go to that size that that part
of the market the enterprise
look at how the graph is structured. At
the bottom of the graph, we have these
bars. Space is, you know, 3.7 trillion.
Uh, connectivity, uh, no, 370 billion,
excuse me. Connectivity is 1.6 trillion.
And then AI is the 22 trillion. No, 20
29. Yeah. So, so the big the big issue,
the the issue I want to point out is
that the right can't do without the
left.
In other words, it it it's a pyramid,
inverse pyramid, but everything stands
on it on the launch ability to launch
Starlinks
and to launch satellites into space that
will do the data processing or or the
the AI processing for all of the AI
stuff.
And
what gives XAI and SpaceX AAI the
competitive advantage is the space piece
where they are comp they are you know
peerless in terms of competitive value.
It makes it extremely difficult for all
the other levels to compete with him.
So if you don't have the kind of launch
cadence that they can develop with
Starship, if you don't have the cost of
launch that they get down to with
Starship, it's going to be
extraordinarily difficult for them to
compete for AI infrastructure,
for consumer subscriptions, for digital
advertising, and of course for Starling.
So this is
this is a structure that is designed to
really out compete any category to the
right because of the value ad that they
bring to the left and the advance and
how far advanced they are. So it you
know it's easy to say ah launch is not
that much money. It's it's not even a
trillion dollars.
It is what makes the trillion dollars
possible
and also that makes the it so difficult
to compete. So I just wanted to make
that point. Now as far as uh
applications are concerned understand
this is what the world runs on. This is
what all enterprises run on. It's what
even smallsiz businesses to midsize
business. You go into a restaurant, you
pay, you know, you get the check, you
pay the check, you made the reservation.
All of that's going to be done by AI.
All the way up to these massive plants
that run gigantic automated operations,
all of that's going to be done on AI. So
from the smallest business, the one-man
business, the one person business I
should say, all the way up to the 100,
200,000 million people uh plant, all of
that's going to be run on these
enterprise apps. And that's why the
market is so gigantic.
So if you think about combining, you
know, all of
Microsoft, all of from Microsoft all the
way up to, you know, SAP, that's the
very big corporate uh
system, uh industrial systems, you name
it. It all of the stuff is going to be
running on AI. And that's where the 27
trillion comes from. And many things
which are not automated today, any many
things that are barely automated today,
many things that are
automated but in a fairly prosaic
manner. All of that is going to, you
know, move to the AI cloud and and be
operated by AI. And that's where the
enterprise apps of the 27 trillion comes
from. 23
&gt;&gt; 22 22. Larry, uh, we're filming this an
hour before Starship flies. How big of a
deal is this Starship? By the time we
publish this, the world will know if it
was successful or not, but how big of a
deal is it?
&gt;&gt; It's a big enough deal to give me
butterflies in my stomach. I mean, I
would never ever I mean, were I running
SpaceX, and this is maybe why I'm not
running SpaceX, I would never schedule
this flight before the IPO
because this is an extraordinarily
high-risk.
Look, the enabler, you know, we talked
about the inverse pyramid. The very tip
of this inverse pyramid
is this starship. Everything turns on
the starship.
the the situation that Falcon 9 is in
today where it leads the industry by far
85%
of all launches that take place of
Falcon launches 90% of all the mass to
orbit is on Falcon 9 all of that is
going to be completely overshadowed
by the cost the low cost of of Starship
and the mass that it can put into orbit.
And that's what's going to enable this
space, you know, economy.
And the company's like 10 years ahead of
the rest of the market, maybe 20 years
ahead of the rest of the market in terms
of its capability, not only launch, but
the cost of launch, which is the
critical aspect I talked about. And and
and
everything turns on this final version.
And this is the production version uh
becoming successful. But it's very
seldom that you fly, you know, a rocket
for the first time and it works. In
fact, I don't remember a time when that
happened. You know,
&gt;&gt; don't expect it to work. But Elon did
say that we have 10 lined up already. So
if this one doesn't work,
&gt;&gt; yeah,
&gt;&gt; it's going to be very, very, very It's
taking a big chance to do this before
the IPO. I would never have done it.
Elon makes it as if, you know, no big
deal. But it's a big deal. And do I
expect it to be successful? No, I don't.
The chances of being successful, I
think, are one in
one in four.
&gt;&gt; Yeah,
&gt;&gt; maybe one in five.
because the complexity of this ship is
very of this not just ship the starship
as a whole is extraordinarily high. The
dangers of you know some little thing
going wrong are very high. So anyway
I'll end at that point and just say that
my expectations are low. I would be
delighted if it does work. I don't
expect it to work and I think it will
have an impact on the IPO.
&gt;&gt; Sorry I haven't asked you about
anthropic uh 1.2 25 billion per month uh
all the way to May 2029. It includes
Colossus 2, the GB200s, not just
Colossus one. And uh that's 1.25 billion
per month. That's there's there is a
90-day termination clause, but you know,
that's that's a lot of money that
they're paying. And and then Elon said,
this is not the only one. We've got
other partners in place. What's your
forecast of this and what does it do?
Well, I haven't made a specific
forecast, but it is impressive. It's
It's way above, I think, where everybody
thought the number would be. Uh Brian
Wang, by the way, actually, I think was
spot on. I think he had 16 billion or
something in his his numbers.
&gt;&gt; So was Larry
&gt;&gt; and perhaps Larry as well. So, you guys
you guys knew, you guys figured it out.
U everybody else thought the number was
much lower. Um and everybody was
pleasantly surprised. It's a sign of
things to come. I mean, you can see how
valuable this computer is anthropic.
While they they could terminate the
contract, they'd be fools to because
they they won't be able to scale their
business. They they need this more than
SpaceX does.
&gt;&gt; It's not even a matter of scaling,
Stern. It's a matter of keeping their
business.
&gt;&gt; Yes, that's right. Exactly right. Yeah.
And they've got IPO plans as well,
right? So,
&gt;&gt; yeah,
&gt;&gt; they're all heavily incentivized to to
keep this going. But it just shows
what's what's what the potential is
&gt;&gt; for this nent nent AI as a service
business. Um as Jensen Wong likes to
say, you know, the more you spend, the
more you make and this is another
example of that and the spending is not
going to continue, not going to stop
anytime soon. Uh we are in such such
early days of the AI infrastructure
buildout. Um, at some point we're going
to look back and say, "Oh, do you
believe that they were building AI data
centers on Earth? How how foolish were
they back then?"
&gt;&gt; Mhm.
&gt;&gt; The fascinating part of this all is that
the one piece missing in the entire
document, the S1, where's the estimates
on the terap,
you know, there's a gigantic nent
business in that terap gigantic. Because
if cern what you said is true that
tariff B the opportunity with it is just
boundless.
&gt;&gt; It's also interesting in the S1 uh Larry
they they mentioned all kinds of other
additional potential business
opportunities. Um even with these
existing businesses there's there's
certain TAMs that they didn't factor in.
Um and then of course they talked about
future markets. Here you go in this
chart. And of course the these are some
obviously longer term things but the
size of these opportunities also are not
small.
&gt;&gt; Amazing. It's amazing the unlock. Sorry.
&gt;&gt; No, go ahead.
&gt;&gt; I was just saying the unlock that this
first principles thinking that he is so
rigorous about the unlock it's brought
is surpris surprised even me and I'm an
acolyte and a you know I believe highly
in it but man the unlock step by step by
step by step is just staggering. to what
extent is that enterprise application
the AI part of it is rented and what to
extent is it uh SpaceX AI's own you know
product that they're selling you guess
50/50 what percentage do are you guys
expecting
&gt;&gt; it's going to be hard to figure
&gt;&gt; yeah it's a good question I think that
remains to be seen my guess is it
becomes a larger and larger piece over
time because Elon is going to be able to
move at a pace that no one else can keep
up with
&gt;&gt; so while today I think he's playing
catch-up and he's he's seems to be
catching up quite nicely in many ways
and and helping some of these these
companies, but I think eventually he's
just going to find a way to do it
faster, cheaper, better than everybody
else. Uh and if not if not that's fine.
He's he's well positioned to be their
service provider. So, it's win-win.
&gt;&gt; Look, he started three years after three
to five years after the others. Um,
so he's done a lot of catching up to
date, but I think he's got a way to go
and I think he'll get there.
&gt;&gt; Okay, that's the SpaceX uh filing. We
learned a lot. I did a Jeff and I did a
show with Alexandra and she just showed
12 nuggets that she found that do hint a
little bit that there might be a Tesla
SpaceX merger. And then of course uh
Larry and I did a show where we dug a
little bit deeper into every business
model. So this is a big deal. Thank you
for sharing that. Let's go back to Tesla
and we're talking about robo taxi. One
of the things that came out this week
was there is a robo taxi depot in Dallas
for Worth in Irving, Texas that was
discovered. It's for storage, service,
and repair of autonomous vehicle fleet.
212 remote fleet parking spaces, 64
building spaces, 17 EV charging
stations, cleaning, tire replacement,
everything 24/7. So this is uh the you
know the zone the I think the letter of
intent that was submitted to get permit
for this. And then of course this builds
on top of the uh the one we already knew
heard about last week on Las Vegas. And
then apparently it's fairly both the
same size, the same car wash um
facilities. Uh what's your thoughts on
that? U I think I asked you on this
already on Monday, Jeff. So what what
are you thinking about this uh CERN?
&gt;&gt; Well, it's further evidence that Tesla
doesn't do anything in a small way. uh
very clearly and we all understand this
that while it looks like they're
tiptoeing right now in robo taxi and
it's frustrating for everybody they are
working towards building a massive
massive robo taxi business and yeah
there'll be investments along the way
there'll be plenty of them they'll
probably try some things and maybe some
cities and maybe not others they'll work
out some of the some of the challenges
but we're going to continue to see an
investment here and one day we're going
to see a massive roll out of the fleet
and they just have to figure out all the
things behind the scenes that they're
working on that that we are not aware of
what the potential issues might be.
We've been told that that they're not
really safety critical type things as
far as the software goes, but clearly
now there's also infrastructure that
needs to be built out and they're
starting that process of doing that and
so we should be very encouraged by that.
What's your guys guess the panel here?
Like if there's 212 remote fleet parking
spaces, there are 17 EV charging
stations. What is this capable of
capacity for a robo taxi? Are we talking
200 cars or talking a thousand cars? I
think this is this is just a service
location. So, it's going to be many
times the number of spots that are here
in terms of the fleet size and we don't
know the the the the uh coverage area
that is included in this, but it could
be, you know, several several cities.
So, I mean, they're going to go pretty
big. I think again Elon wants this
service to be more ubiquitous and not
this thing where you've got to kind of
hunt and peck and find a car that you
know may or may not come to you if
you're in a suburb versus a city. I
think he really wants robo taxi to be
the change the way that people travel.
And I think Uber did that with um just
before Uber like no Uber at all to where
we are today. But I think this just
takes it to a whole new level. So you're
going to need all this ancillary stuff.
And
so I think this is when you're seeing
the capex spend from Tesla increasing
significantly.
Here you go. This is part of it.
&gt;&gt; Mhm. And you're expecting this to be the
automated robotic uh cleaning, right?
This is it. How is that going to work,
Jeeoff? Is it like a car wash thing
where they come in one side, they leave
the exit the other side or is it going
to be a lot of base? Think that maybe
that's what that mean. I was wondering
what they meant when they said that
there's 64 building spaces. Maybe that's
what that is.
&gt;&gt; Well, it is going to be automated and
they designed the car for this, which is
fascinating. A lot of companies struggle
with connecting all this together and
and actually implementing
things in design. It's one of the most
challenging things with automation is
what do you have to change in the
product and is it a trade-off for the
consumer or not. So that you see the way
the seats are designed everything is
designed to minimize friction and have
uh uh basically kind of xaxis
uh access axis access throughout the
entire vehicle X and Y access and and
and
It's it's they thought about this
honestly from day one and the whole idea
was is why is there a human in the loop?
It goes back to things like you know all
inputs error but really why you why does
this need to exist and if it does can it
be automated and I tell you these places
were not designed to have any human you
know repetitive operation.
&gt;&gt; Oh wow. Okay. a lot of investment and my
guess is that their bays their bays and
each one you know will have the
automated and then it goes out doesn't
have to go through a line. Um so 14.3
who here has received that you do Jeff
what about the others? Yeah.
&gt;&gt; Okay.
&gt;&gt; Murray.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; Okay.
&gt;&gt; I've been traveling through through
Texas with the
&gt;&gt; the.3 one, not the 2, the.3.
&gt;&gt; Elon called it a banger. And one of the
big features is that it nags a lot less.
Uh Jeff was saying that it was like an
hour worth of driving or something. No,
sorry. You tell us, Jeeoff, what was
your experience so far?
&gt;&gt; I mean, I couldn't I mean, I just I
think today after a couple days is when
I first got it to be able to nag me on
the Model X and the Cybert truck. It's
still nagging. It's nagging less than it
did before in the prior releases in
Cybertruck, but it's still nagging. But
I I I'm It must be in the non-Cybert
truck releases. It must be far less cuz
my Model X is far less. I will tell you
there's a fairly it's not a safety
critical bug but there's a fairly big
bug introduced for me in three which is
any shopping center I go to almost all
of them I I should say at least more
than 50% of the time it is parking me in
the back like in the alley like it's
parking it's it's just choosing the
parking spot back there almost like they
think there's a before on the back of
like a supermarket. So, obviously that
needs to be fixed. These are these
convenience issues. This is definitely
for me it's a new bug from any of the
prior releases, but everything else is a
lot better. The smoothness from start,
if you're in Mad Max mode or hurry,
you're not getting as much of this jolt
off the line.
&gt;&gt; They've really continued to really
smooth this smooth things out. And I
tell you, it is like a dream without the
nag. It's a it's a it's a it is a game
changer. This feels like one step, one
meaningful step closer to unsupervised.
&gt;&gt; Can Can you be a bit more specific when
you say the Model X has no or very few
nags? Like what what is the experience
like? Like like a minute, two minute
like you were testing it, right? You
were looking away and seeing to see what
it would do.
&gt;&gt; I was reading entire emails. Now, of
course, I've got a foot covering the
break. I've got a hand uh you know
covering the steering wheel because
that's how you should you should be
responsible in a supervised system. But
um yeah, I mean but you I couldn't read
an email before. I couldn't even read an
entire text message before. That amount
of time of your eyes not on the road
would have the system beeping at you and
now it's not.
&gt;&gt; What about you, Larry?
&gt;&gt; Yeah, very similar experience. Um the
parking for me has been fine. Uh really
excellent. Um
it wasn't until I discovered there are a
few extra steps in the option anal in
the parking options.
Um took me a while to figure that out. I
I had to load it down using my Starling
terminal because I was parked at a
hotel. So I loaded it down and I was
under real time pressure. So, I just
hopped in and drove with it and then
realized
halfway through the drive that I'd been
doing email the whole time I was
driving.
&gt;&gt; And I said, you know, this is really
dangerous. I really need to pay better
attention. Just as Jeff said, I got to
be a little bit more cautious because
it's not a unsupervised system, but I
was driving it like it was an
unsupervised system. And this isn't the
Cyber Truck, so I'm not having the same
experience as Jeff's having. Maybe it's
the driving position. I don't know.
Anyway, the
the experience is that, you know, I I
said to myself, I'm I'm I'm
in Texas. I drove all day yesterday and
I drove out to the island um this
evening and uh I said to myself, you
know, this is kind of this is it. We're
there. Um I'm sure there are some pieces
that are not there. I read some negative
comments. Some people have had less uh
fluid experiences but for me this is the
product I thought it was going to be. I
mean the confidence that Tesla must have
to reduce the ne because this is to all
of us in all anybody who lives anywhere
in the US let's say from any point A to
any point B or maybe maybe it's maybe we
just don't know that it's uh maybe it is
nag in certain areas like if you're
downtown New York maybe it'll nag you
like crazy because it's still crazy
whatever location you're at because that
is what they said but in certain areas
&gt;&gt; this is the complexity I think it's the
complexity of the environment that
determines the nag because when I'm on
the freeway, which I've been driving a
lot here in Texas, it there's almost no
nag at all. Uh but but I think you know
when I was like downtown
um downtown um I guess Houston, it got
it did nag a little bit more. You know,
I I was conscious of the nag. So maybe
it's the complexity of the environment.
&gt;&gt; That makes more sense. Okay. But that's
a that's a signal that Tesla feels like
it's getting better. And the latest
data, the safety data that just draw
from Nitsa about Tesla's robo taxi
service shows that it's actually safer
than we've all thought. And this time
around, Tesla actually unredacted their
reporting of their incidents, which
means that they tell you a lot more uh
paragraphs of what actually happened.
And there was there's now been 17
incidents since June of last year, ever
since robo taxi was launched in Austin.
And the robo taxi tracker was able to
use AI to look at all these narratives.
And it nar it classified 53% of them as
others at fault, only 41% of them as
Tesla's fault, which makes it seven.
Seven that was Tesla's fault. And that
of the 17, right? Episode 7. Two of them
were backing collision, two were
sideswipe, two were road hazard, and one
was a collision with stationary object.
All of them, of course, are very low
mile like very like four miles per hour
or less. Um, and apparently uh of the
seven, this guy looked at it and said
that uh that of Tesla was at fault.
couple of them is striking a curb curb
rash and only two of them were and two
of them were while under operator
control
uh and then reigns did a full analysis
and he is now saying that Tesla's robo
taxi is 1.81 81 times safer than humans
as of April 2026 based on uh his
analysis of how you compare it um of how
many you know incidents by miles per
accident. And by the way, this includes
the curb rashes. So it
&gt;&gt; that's understated.
&gt;&gt; Yeah,
&gt;&gt; because because I don't report curb
rashes. I I rolled into a curb yesterday
in my cyber truck parking at a hotel. I
didn't report that to anybody.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, because you're too he's too
sharable.
&gt;&gt; There's nothing to report. I mean, it it
didn't damage anything, but apparently
in in a robo taxi, that's a reportable
incident.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. I don't understand. I I tell you,
coming from the product development
world,
you have to get this reporting
correct and meaningful so you're working
on the right things. And I think Tesla
knows. Tesla has so much data. I think
they do. They know what they need to
work on. But if you're reporting curb
rashes as car accidents, you have noise
in your data. And and if this were the
case, I mean, I don't want to make any
curb rash jokes that are out offline out
of line here, but there'd be a lot of
they'd be grounding the entire, you
know, fleet and and anybody with um, you
know, lowprofile tires and large rim. I
mean, you'd have a lot of
&gt;&gt; my family would all be considered
dangerous drivers. Yeah. So, and I know
it's only a couple of them, but and we
don't we don't want to whitewash any of
the the data. I think what you're really
trying to understand in in product data
is what's serious. What first off, if
there's anything that could injure the
the user, like that's a pri we used to
call that a priority zero. Like it you
can't have it. You you can't have that
at all. And then you would have priority
ones, twos, and threes. Some companies
call them A1's, twos and threes or S1's,
twos and threes. And we really have to
segment this data to understand what
we're dealing with and then understand
the open and close rate. The open rate
should be declining as we're at this
stage of the process. Um, the only I get
concerned about is if Tesla is
continuing to add new features that
could drive the open rate higher. But
once the features are in and you're in
debug mode, and I know this is a
different world. I know this is um an
AIdriven model, but you still have to
understand the bugs and classify them
properly. Um both for from a consumer
perception perspective and to make sure
you're prioritizing
your integration teams to solve these
things. So anyway, I I think it's moving
in the right direction. And if you look
at it since January,
um it is it is moving in the right
direction. That doesn't mean we're not
going to have an FSD accident where the
FSD is at fault or sorry, the the robo
taxi is at fault. We're just not seeing
it here of any seriousness.
&gt;&gt; But okay, so let me let me play the
other side of this. Um the robo taxi
tracker, which is I we all know is not
uh fully accurate, but we have been
track using that number. They still say
that there's only 39 unsupervised fleet,
28 in Austin, five in Dallas, six in
Houston. A couple weeks ago, we were all
excited because we saw that number
skyrocket and we were all saying, "Oh,
this looks like that they're converting
all of their cars that they have in
Austin to unsupervised, but it looks
like in the last week it's been quiet.
It's been flat. They've not done
anything." despite this data coming out,
despite 14.3
reduced nag, uh, what are you guys
expecting? Why are you why is this yet
another It's only a week, so we
shouldn't overreact. I'm not doing that.
I'm just playing the other side of what
others might be saying. What's going on?
&gt;&gt; Well, I'll start. I I think that when we
went from two unsupervised robo taxis to
almost 40 in a pretty quick amount of
time. I actually think that was the robo
taxi fleet running a 143 or some sort of
version of it. I think they get it first
and then we get it for our personally
used cars. So, and now and what Tesla
does is they size the unsupervised fleet
based on their understanding of the
quality of the of the system and how it
performs. So, what they don't want to do
and when you're launching a new product
line and you're not at your your
prescribed quality targets, what you
don't want is you don't want a heavy
concentration of units below your
quality target in a particular location
because that's going to drive the
perception, the negative perception on
the product and you're going to have
this concentration risk of perceived
issues and problems and then like Elon,
you don't want to have an entire city
being uh bogged down with cars that are
having either convenience issues or god
forbid a safety issue which we're not
seeing. So that's the issue. I think
they're at the they're at some momentary
short um peak where they've got to get
to the next model, do another big
improvement, get rid of more convenience
issues, and then get that in the robo
taxis, test it, and then they'll release
a bunch more. I don't think this is
going to go up at a 45° angle. I think
we're going to see a much steeper angles
and I don't think it's even going to be
a curve. I think it's going to move up.
The the the model is going to say the
mathematical model is going to say you
can have this many more cars and your
your your your total fleet failure rate
is going to be this and then they'll
release cars to that cuz they have them
they have them staged everywhere. So, I
think you're going to see these dis
these signals of boom, another big move
up, another big move up, but there could
be these points in time where there's a
plateau where we're waiting for the next
release. I think that's what we're
that's I think that's what we're dealing
with here.
&gt;&gt; Makes sense, sir. Or Larry.
&gt;&gt; Well, I think it's anybody's guess at
this point, right? Because we don't
&gt;&gt; Yeah, I I agree. I think Jeff cut his
finger.
&gt;&gt; Okay. Uh let's move on. Then the next uh
big thing that happened this week was uh
FSD supervised was approved in
Lithuania.
Uh this is remember Netherlands approved
FSD on April f 11th and then based on
that approval the Dutch RDW. We're
waiting for the EU member states 28 of
them to maybe vote on it. Maybe that's
going to happen in June. Maybe that will
be in September. But in the meantime, we
have other countries that are saying
forget. We don't need to wait for that
group. We're going to go ahead and
approve it. Lithuania steps up, approves
FSD. Greece said that they wanted to be
second, but they obviously got beaten by
Lithuania, so they are probably going to
approve it in June. Um, and then Case is
just making fun of Sweden because
they're going, "But can it handle a
straight highway?" They're still asking
questions. So, this is happening though.
That's um Belgium. And by the way,
Belgium also said that they wanted
approved. One region of Belgium. There's
two regions in Belgium. one already said
we wanted approved and the second region
came out and said hey we agree with the
first region Fleming we wanted approved
too so it looks like Belgium and Greece
Lithuania will all probably happen
within uh you know within a month
thoughts on that uh certain
&gt;&gt; well it's great to see it's long overdue
uh Europe continues to astound about
just how slow and quote unquote careful
they're being but it's progress it's
good um you know it's long overdue
&gt;&gt; Mhm. proud of Lithuania. That's where my
family come from and so very proud of
them. Um I think that uh Europe is
displaying exactly why there's been no
growth in that continent in 10 years.
It's a it's it's it's
locked in stasis. Terrible. It's a great
place to visit, but wouldn't want to
didn't want to ever try and start a
business there. Going back in August,
just so good wine. Good wine. I will say
that.
&gt;&gt; That's about it. Yeah.
&gt;&gt; And I have a I have a thesis about
China. FSA in China. You guys tell me if
I'm wrong here. So FSA in China uh we
saw that uh Elon visited with President
Trump but so far there's been no
announcements not just Tesla but other
country companies as well but in the
meantime we're seeing Tesla China hire I
don't know six different positions all
of them marked urgent all of them
regarding uh AI and I think what's
happening there for FSD specifically and
I think what's happening is they are
they're hiring these positions to now go
go out and capture the data that the
Chinese government will say, "Oh, look,
if you can show us, you know, the final
data of of how good FSD is in China rows
because remember they they let them have
I think some people think 500 cars like
some limited number of cars are able to
use FSD there. Very limited. They need
to capture the actual data to prove
before they'll prove it." And I think we
heard the CFO of Tesla say in the last
earnings call that he expects FSE to be
proved in China in Q3
or do you think that it's going to
happen sooner than that?
&gt;&gt; Who can be a I mean how can you be an
expert on China? China is like
a mystery wrapped in an enigma.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Things can happen right away or it
can be like yeah they say they will but
then it doesn't happen
&gt;&gt; or not.
Mhm.
&gt;&gt; No. Yeah. There's no expert left on
China because, you know, China's become
completely
closed even to its own people.
&gt;&gt; Well, I I think the hiring is a a signal
again. Uh Tesla wouldn't be hiring all
these people if they hadn't already seen
the path forward. That's the best signal
we have. Okay.
&gt;&gt; I think it's imminent and just
unpredictable. I don't think they know
exactly. I think this is new for the
regions, the the host countries, and
it's new for Tesla. So, I think they're
going to struggle on precise dates in
some cases, in most cases. But it I
agree with you, Herbert. The the job
postings are signal and it tells you
it's it's more imminent than long-term,
I'd say, in terms of timing.
&gt;&gt; The only thing I would add is is that
each country is following, you know,
their own process. And I think we can
sit here and say that's a silly process
or they're being too cautious and all
that, but at the end of the day, they're
going to follow the process that they
they want to follow. Um, China
certainly, I think, would clearly
greatly benefit from autonomous driving
technology. Uh, a lot of the videos on
the internet of accidents, uh,
astounding accidents seem to come out of
China.
um as well as uh historically it was
like Eastern European countries but in
recent years a lot of the great
accidents come out of China. So um China
can really benefit from this. It's in
their interest to have autonomous
driving technology. It's also going to
help I think spur competition in their
country from their own providers. And so
I would expect Tesla to get this
approval sooner rather than later. What
does that mean? In the next few months.
&gt;&gt; Okay. Uh we've got uh a loss for Elon in
a lawsuit with opening eyes Sam Alman.
Uh looks like that the you know that
they he he it was a a technicality. They
came back and said because it's past the
statute of limitation of three years. Um
basically they they threw it out. So the
open AI case Elon said the judge and
jury never actually ruled on the merits
of the case just on a calendar
technicality. There's no question to
anyone that in this detail that Alman
and Brockman did in fact enrich
themselves by stealing a charity. I will
file an appeal in the Ninth Circuit
because creating a president to loot
charities is incredibly destructive to
charitable giving in America. He lost
that. And I think I've heard so-called
experts say that this is very unlikely
he'll win this appeal. Anybody have
thoughts on this?
&gt;&gt; Well, Elon doesn't give up. Um
&gt;&gt; and maybe nor should he on this case and
it's worth it's worth trying. I think
he's I think he's right on the point.
Um, you know, from what we've seen as
outside observers on the on the case and
the evidence, it's pretty shocking
behavior by Sam Alman and Brockman.
Um,
you know, is that is that okay? Are we
going to are we going to accept that?
Okay, so statute of limitations, fine,
but but that notwithstanding,
this seems to be a bit of a problem. And
is that really the the country that we
want to be in where people can do this?
And to Elon's point, if these guys get
away with it, then you're going to see
this at scale. So be careful. Be
careful. You can you can strike this
down on a technicality, but you're going
to have a big problem on your hands if
you're not careful. But you know the
reality is that um the legal system is
built on these limitations and that was
is probably a higher issue for
for legal minds than the actual issue
because in law
the case may be
may be you know in favor of Elon but
because it's outside the statute of
limitations what what the law is saying
is Look, there are going to be many
cases that can be tried on this on this
set of facts where we can establish the
law regarding charitable giving, but
this is outside for these reasons
outside the statute of limitations and
we can't allow the statute of
limitations issue to be compromised.
That that is kind of the way a lawyer
would frame it. And the other thing is
that the Ninth Circuit is not going to
be friendly towards you. It is whatever
Sam Alman and Brockman did or didn't do.
You know, we have a case of, you know,
the judiciary in say Delaware being
absolutely, you know, guided by their
personal feelings uh towards Elon. And
the Ninth Circuit is famously famously,
you know,
I I don't want to I don't want to say
bad things about a set of jurors, but
the Ninth Circuit really stinks.
But the question is, can he appeal and
ninth circuit failure to the Supreme
Court where he may get a more
um friendly hearing? So, it's I I don't
know that the game is worth the candle,
but you know, I think Elon is going to
pursue it to the very end.
&gt;&gt; He might be pursuing it just to see if
he can derail the o the public or IPO,
but it looks like that uh they're
they're open again. So, Sam Alman comes
out right off the this win and says,
"We're going IPO and we're going to make
it happen as fast as we can." So, are
you guys expecting that that that will
be successful?
&gt;&gt; It was clearly an overhang.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. and that's why he announced it
within 48 hours of
&gt;&gt; these results. So, um, we'll we'll have
to see how how that plays out. Um, I can
see where Elon's coming from on this in
terms of appeal in terms of what was
done mechanically
and maybe there's just some battles you
fight where you, you know, you may not
be able to win just how things are kind
of laid out. But um I I I just I'm
hoping he can return to not having this
and and other distractions. There's just
so much going on it. Obviously Tesla and
SpaceX and none of us are able to speak
to his ability to multitask cuz I don't
think we there's anything else like it.
Um but at the same time, you don't want
to see this continue to continue to drag
out. So, I think OpenAI took this as,
you know, the coast is clear. Let's
speed towards an IPO. I think the the
progression of IPOs is going to be
fascinating this year and just how that
plays out with liquidity and and when
people see one IPO and how it does, you
know, does that mess with their psyche
on the final two of the year? So, I
think this is going to be a very
exciting um very exciting time. One
more, just one more thing back to the
the China um FSD. I want to tell you
from spending a lot of time in China on
the road too,
FSD will mean more to China and safety
than it will mean in the US. And we have
horrific numbers in the US for deaths
and serious injuries. By the way, the
serious injury thing is a big deal. You
may not have passed which is good but
your whole life is ruined or you ruin
somebody else's uh entire life. So this
is a very big deal in the US. It is a
much bigger deal in China. A lot of
stuff goes unreported. The roads are
extremely dangerous. They've gotten
better over the last um decade and more.
But I I will tell you that I there were
days where I I couldn't be on a trip
where I wouldn't see a serious accident
in front of me or one that just
happened. And the I think just getting
FSD approved there may be a much bigger
deal than even most countries.
&gt;&gt; Okay, I know we need to uh close down
the show with this. So this is going to
be truly rapid fire questions, guys.
Okay, rapid fire. You guys have to
answer very quickly three questions. All
right.
What do you guys think of SpaceX ending
market cap on the day of June 12th?
&gt;&gt; 2.2 trillion.
&gt;&gt; 2.4 2.1.
&gt;&gt; After anthropic, who's going to be the
next SpaceX partner?
&gt;&gt; Not OpenAI.
&gt;&gt; I say Microsoft.
&gt;&gt; What he say?
&gt;&gt; I say Microsoft. Yeah.
&gt;&gt; Anybody else? Larry or Jeff?
&gt;&gt; Oracle. Good one. Good one. SpaceX and
Tesla merger. Yes or no?
&gt;&gt; Yes.
&gt;&gt; There's a time frame associated with
this, but I think long-term. Yes.
&gt;&gt; Yes.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. I think so, too. I think too many
too many uh breadcrumbs. And again, I I
want to clarify to folks out there
because they all think, "Oh, you bulls,
you guys want the merger. You're
proposing the merger. You're pushing the
merger and you you think it's going to
you want it to happen sooner or later."
That is not any of us here have said.
None of us have said that. We are
looking whether or not the merger is
going to happen. And I think most of us
here are saying, well, we got to find
out what the actual deal is. We don't
even know that. And we may not know for
months, could be a year from now, 6
months or a year before we actually know
the actual deal. Let's wait until we
know what the two market caps are at
that point. So I just crazy what some
people are already assuming, at least
what I'm what they think I'm saying. And
I I'm just speaking for you guys. Okay.
Thank you for this. This is a big show
because SpaceX and Tesla really does
look like it's moving forward and SpaceX
dropped their SS S1 filings, but Robo
Taxi is moving forward. Take a look at
where they're hiring. Take a look at
their spending. That's what we covered
today. Thank you so much, guys.
Appreciate you, Larry, Jeff, and CERN.
Thanks everybody. Byebye.
&gt;&gt; Enjoy the launch, Larry.
&gt;&gt; I've created a website that is the most
comprehensive resource for the Tesla
investor. Please check it out. Simply go
to my website at herdomm.com.