Channel:     farzad-fm
Title:       We Need To Talk About Tesla Cybercab.
URL:         https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YCsJ-QlrBEk
Published:   2026-09-04 12:00 UTC
Fetched:     2026-09-04 13:00 UTC

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

All right, everybody. Let's do an
extended night drive of Tesla's Cyber
Cab. As you can see that it's got a nice
little orange light in front of it. And
uh this is a brand new vehicle from
Tesla that has no steering wheel and
pedals, which means that it doesn't have
a driver. And as you can see, this is so
cool, right? Look at it's got the orange
glow in the front and it's got an orange
glow inside. So, in the app, I'll show
you guys what the app looks like.
As this thing parks,
the app has like a glow. It's like,
"Hey, look, your cyber cab." Oh, it went
away. It's got this the orange glow. And
as I approach it, the door is going to
open. Oh, so fancy.
And the inside. Oh, that's so sick. And
the inside of the thing glows orange.
I'm going to go ahead and close this.
So, you can close it by clicking the
close doors button.
And it closes.
So nice. Now I'm going to go ahead and
put on my seat belt. So that's just like
any other any other car. So I'll go
ahead and do that.
Boom. Safety first as they say. And now
all we got to do to start the ride, as
you can can hear, there's kind of like a
some soft music. We're going to start
our ride.
There we go. and we'll be there in 13
minutes. Yeah, super cool. Um, super
super cool. I did do a first ride uh
thing in um in my channel in case you're
interested in in watching that where it
gives you more of some of the basics
about Cyber Cab. In this one, I'm going
to talk more about my uh time at the
event and uh sort of my thoughts of what
happened at the event because I know a
lot of people are probably going to be
asking questions. Before I do that, I
can actually go in the app and I can set
the color of the of in here. So you can
see that was blue before. I can do
purple,
pink, or as my to 2-year-old 2-year-old
likes to say, pink, red, or iie, orange,
or oeo, and yellow, which is yabo. I do
blue. And you can also do custom. Oh,
that was cool. So like a guy was just
stepped out of nowhere and the cyber cap
caught it. So that's sick. And of
course, it has a color wheel as well. So
you can kind of select, you know,
whatever color you want. So I'm going to
go with blue. That's pretty sick. Okay,
so yeah, the event was was uh honestly
it was pretty underwhelming. There
wasn't a lot shared,
if anything. Honestly, it was kind of
like, hey, uh, you know, Cyber Cab, oh,
by the way, hi, hello, how you guys
doing? Uh, you know, CyberCap is going
live, so go and check it out. Basically,
I can, you know, ride a Cyber Cap from
anywhere in Austin, which is really
cool. Um, they gave us these cool little
It's probably very hard to see in here.
Can I turn on? Oh, yeah. So, I can turn
that on. That's nice. They gave us these
nice little uh lanyards with like the um
thing. But yeah, and you know, I'm going
to like seat back a little bit and relax
here. Move my seat back a little bit. Um
yeah, it was just very underwhelming.
Not a lot was shared, honestly. Uh they
were kind of like, hey, you know, we're
going live with with Cyber Cab. we're
just going to, you know, start releasing
these in Austin, which is in it in in
and of itself is awesome, but it was lot
on the details. But I think what's very
interesting now, what's starting to
happen is that we're starting to really
get an idea. Oh, by the way, there's no
steering wheel pedals.
Forgot to mention that. Um, we're
starting to get a signal as far as what
Tesla is planning to do with these
vehicles. I think I think the the big
takeaway for me is that um I think it's
very obvious that Tesla is going to try
to offload as much of the work in
maintaining this fleet as possible to uh
third parties. Over here is the camera.
By the way, I don't know if you can see
the infrared stuff like hello, I'm right
there. Um they're going to start
offloading that stuff to fleet owners.
So, they they they put out a tweet
earlier today. So, if you're watching
this on the 4th, which is when this is
going to go live, they put out a tweet
on the 3rd where they were basically
opened up a um a um signup page for
people to go and basically sign up to be
some sort of a fleet provider or help
Tesla scale the sort of their Cyber Cap
fleet. And they were asking, you know,
people if they were interested in being
a uh, you know, like a fleet owner, if
they wanted to maybe have some sort of
infrastructure around the fleet, so you
know, cleaning or repairs or whatever.
Um, the people here in Texas do not know
how to make left turns. It's like it it
always blows my mind. Um, but it's very
obvious that the company's really
starting to just offload that
responsibility on everybody else. I
don't think Tesla's going to try to like
maintain these themselves. They're not
going to try to repair these themselves.
Um, you know, obviously with their
network um of service centers,
technically they will, but they want
other people to sort of start that
process. They want other people to clean
the cars and and stuff like that. So,
that's what my gut tells me. You know,
the the company has a goal of making
millions of these per year. uh which is
something that they they said they
reerate reiterated on the in the uh
presentation. Um and so if you're going
to want to do that to have a internal
process to clean cars and to do all that
stuff doesn't make a lot of sense cuz
it's just going to bog you down. But if
you sort of like, you know, create some
sort of uh model where you're able to
offload that responsibility on people
that are willing, then of course that's
going to be that's going to make a lot
more sense cuz now Tesla's going to be
able to just make these like crazy.
They're just going to go hog wild
basically. Um make thousands, hundreds
of thousands of them per year and then
they'll let just let other people
operate them. So, it becomes sort of
this new type of industry that gets
opened up where you're going to have
people that are going to buy these units
and then they're going to maintain them.
They're going to clean them. They're
going to uh offer them to people
obviously, but the caveat is that it's
going to go on Tesla's network is my
prediction. It's like they're not and
this Tesla has said this and Elon has
said this. They're not going to open
this up to other companies like Uber for
example. They're just going to do this
themselves. It's going to go right on
the robo taxi app and you'll be able to
hail a cyber cap, right? Or a Model Y or
whatever. But when it comes to actually
maintaining the vehicle, they're going
to let other people do all of that
stuff. And they're going to let other
people take on the costs, right, of
ownership, um, of actually owning the
vehicle. And essentially, you know, the
the complex way of saying this, they're
going to they're going to offload these
units onto someone else's balance sheet.
So instead of Tesla owning the Cyber
Cabs and operating them, they're going
to let others own and operate them. Now
Tesla probably will have their own small
fleet that they'll operate. But I I do
think that over time what they'll want
to do is let other people take care of
it. It is a vibe in here at night. I
must say
it is very viby. Um and it's nice and
quiet, too. It's not It's not loud.
It's, you know, I'm just speaking at my
regular volume and I can hear myself
just fine, which some people might not
like,
but anyway. So, that was very
interesting to to sort of think through.
Um, I do think that as far as the roll
out goes, I think they're not going to
go that fast. I do think they're going
to take their time with this car because
the last thing they want is uh for there
to be some sort of, you know, mishap or
anything with these vehicles. they're
really going to be safe and um stay out
of the news as much as humanly possible,
take their time with everything. Now, of
course, this also means that, you know,
the roll out is probably not going to be
as fast as people hoped it would be,
which I fully expect. Um, and you know,
we'll we'll have to see where they take
it from here because they have multiple
geo fences. They have Austin, they have
Houston, they have, you know, Miami and
and and a handful of other places where
Dallas, uh, San Antonio, I can't
remember if San Antonio's live or not. I
don't think so. Um, but they have a
bunch of different places where people
can go and and hail a Tesla, but those
fleets are limited. Austin is by far the
biggest one out of all of them, I think,
outside of California. But Austin is um
unsupervised, meaning that there's
nobody else in the car with you. And
this is a nice righthand turn on red.
very safe. I will say that the one thing
about Cyber Cab is that it does behave
really safely, even more safely than
Model Y. I do notice that the safety has
been notched up a little bit. Um, at
least in my car when I'm driving in in
on FSD. And here's another thing, too,
like the experience of this vehicle is
not too dissimilar from just like a a
Tesla owner on FSD. It feels exactly the
same, to be honest. feels exactly the
same, but it's just you're in a cyber
cab lounging in a pod with lights on
your feet and no steering wheel or pedal
and you're just vibing. You know, you're
just vibing. If I had, you know, my wife
right here, we'd be just vibing right
now. We'd be just chilling.
Big chilling and just, you know,
enjoying the surroundings. Suspension is
good. We are going through some bumps.
It's definitely plush and and soft. Um,
it doesn't feel jerky or erratic. It
feels pretty good. Um, it's kind of
like, um, it feels like the new Model
Y's with the upgraded suspension. It's
not as floaty as the Cybert truck. Very
few cars are as floaty as the Cybert
truck, especially when you put it on
comfort mode. But, um, it feels good.
Like, it absorbs the bumps really nice.
Um, it doesn't feel harsh. And then, you
know, if I wanted to play some music,
you know, I can just play music right
here.
you can just vibe to some K-pop or
whatever you want. So, um yeah, what
else? They had some cool displays at um
at the event. You know, they had the
4680 batteries. They had um they had the
the motors uh from the Cyber Cab. They
had a bunch of other knickknacks, which
was kind of cool to see. But, um, yeah,
again, light on detail. But the really
cool thing is is that, you know,
starting tomorrow when this video goes
live after 5:00 p.m., I believe anyone's
going to be able to come to Austin and
hail, excuse me, hail a cybercap.
So, it's no longer going to be just
Model Y's, it's going to be Cyber Cabs.
And one of the things they did say is
over time they're going to add more and
more Cyber Caps to the fleet. So, weight
times come down. And they said
specifically that it would be at a
competitive price, at a very competitive
price. And what's interesting is I think
that they're starting to throw a little
bit of a signal that it does, you know,
they are starting to be a little bit
more aggressive with their pricing where
they are going to, you know, try to I,
you know, quote unquote, not quote
unquote, this is exactly what they're
going to do. They're trying to make more
money when there's a lot of demand. So
they're going to raise the rates when
there's a lot of demand for the cars and
then they'll add more and more cars to
the fleet to try and make it more
available. and they'll have this dance
of like how many cars do we add to the
fleet relative to how much demand
there's going to be, you know? So, um,
and then we'll see we it's going to be
interesting to see how Tesla's going to
do that. But that's going to be
fascinating to see. But what's really
cool now is that this is now available
in Austin, like in the entire geoence. I
don't think there's any limitations.
We're we're driving to the north side of
Austin here to where I parked my car to
go back home. And um you know it's it's
about halfway up the geoence and I think
I would have been able to take this all
the way up. So and what's interesting
about that is that when Tesla first
launched Cyber Cap or Robo Taxi they
first launched in uh like a small area
in downtown Austin but with Cybercap
they've gone to the whole geoence. So,
they were able to sort of uh transplant
the the whatever the stack, the FSD
stack over to to Robo Taxi or to
CyberCap just as as they did with Model
Y, you know. So, that's pretty cool to
see that that sort of signals that Tesla
has uh their software stack really well
handled. And I think it implies that
CyberCap is going to go probably faster
than Model Y. Maybe now that I think
about it, it's probably going to go
faster than Model Y because, you know,
they launch at a much better spot than
Model Y did before. So, that's really
interesting to think through. Um, go get
them, boy.
Guys, I guy's trying to hit some
calories, dude. Love it. Uh, there's a
Whimo. If you guys can see it from here,
Whimo just hanging out. There's another
one chilling. Dude, Austin's so
futuristic. It's so cool. I'm so happy I
live here. So sick. Um, but yeah, it's
it it was a fascinating event. Really
grateful. Thank you, Tesla, for inviting
me. Um, it's awesome that I I get to
experience these things firsthand. Um,
and I and I get to sort of experience
the technology.
Really, really fun. Um, is there another
No, that's you know, the Hyundai's and
the Mercedes now have the light bars too
on the front. So, it's getting them
confused with Tesla sometimes. But yeah,
man. Super cool. They did it. I mean,
they literally like if if you're an
Austin resident, you can just start
hailing this thing, you know? Like if
you live within, I don't know, like 5
miles of downtown or whatever, 10 miles
even, you know, like you can just go on
the robo taxi app and just hail this
sucker. And you can just just ride in a
pod. Ride in a pod
there. You can I'll show this at the
end. You can switch to seats and stuff.
You can do your AC. You can watch
Netflix. You can watch YouTube. Very
responsive. You can talk to Grock, you
know. You can ask it to do whatever. Um,
the sound system is great.
&gt;&gt; You know, it's very, very nice. It
sounds like a Tesla. I mean, I don't
know what to tell you. Like, it's
comfortable.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, dude. Comfortable. Bench seats,
big uh egress, and uh, you know, the
doors very easy to get in and out of.
Um,
it's great. And here we're navigating
through a parking lot.
It's going to drop me off right at the
front of central central market. Just
going to go jump in my car after then go
home, you know, and I'll go home. I'll
turn on FSD and that my truck will just
drive me home. So, it's like I'm, you
know, going to go 30 miles not driving,
you know? It's it's a it's just like
it's a nice little signal to the future.
Like it's the future is here. If you
live in Austin, the future is here.
And it's cool. Let me show you how this
uh works now. Now that we're parked
and I'll show you guys the trunk, too.
So, um here I can open the door. Go.
Very cool. I'll go ahead and show you
guys the trunk while you're here.
And it's got a decal on the floor.
That's cool. Oh. Uh here. Open
here.
There's the trunk. It's big.
Cool. And that's going to go on its
merry way.
Cyber cab.
Let's see how long it holds up traffic
for. My bad.
Yeah. So, nobody was in the car this
whole time. Wild. Anyway, I'll uh I'll
do more content. Let me let me know what
you guys want to hear. Let me know what
you guys want to learn. I'm in Austin,
so whatever you guys are interested in,
let me know and I'll try to bring that
for you. All right. Bye.