Channel:     jobhakdi
Title:       Why SpaceX Will SKYROCKET After 2027
URL:         https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FHK4n3StB7M
Published:   2026-09-14 19:18 UTC
Fetched:     2026-09-14 22:00 UTC

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

have to talk about the inevitable the
inevitable expansion of compute and how
it moves into space. There is a
beautiful interview today with Brockman
the AI uh OpenAI co-founder with Andre
Horowitz and he talks about the question
how AI might be paced automatically
might be even inhibited or stopped from
getting to everyone because there will
be these compute constraints that
everyone is talking about. We know there
is not enough data centers. We know that
there are not enough places to place
that compute. There is not enough
energy. There is political resistance.
And so probably the biggest bottleneck
in the entire economy of 2028, 29 and
going forward will be the compute
buildout of Earth. And we know that
SpaceX has a plan to solve that ultimate
bottleneck for all of humanity. the
bottleneck of inference compute.
As you know, I believe training compute
will not be a bottleneck because
training will be very likely outlawed
very soon in 2029 or so. Maybe I'm
wrong, but I don't think so. So,
regardless of the training buildout,
there is an inference compute buildout
bottleneck of enormous proportions
coming up in the world in the world
economy. And by 2028, we will have
full-blown AGI. And every business,
every human, every reality engineering
project, aka all projects will become a
function of the ability to deploy this
compute to you, to me, and to our
companies.
SpaceX's plan is quite remarkable.
SpaceX's plan is to move this compute
built out into space. And we see these
beautiful AI compute satellites that are
being designed. And a lot of people
think, most people probably think this
is completely science fiction. It is
very far in the future and will probably
never happen. And I said very early on
last year in Q4, I said, "You are wrong
about that. This is actually easy and it
will happen fast."
And then probably a month ago or
something like that, we heard from
Nvidia and from SpaceX that they're
developing the Vera Rubin VR NLV72
compute racks. These central
technologies here for building Vera
Rubin racks. Vera Rubin is the new GPU
of Nvidia. That is a giant leap forward
of course for compute and for inference.
And Nvidia is now developing with SpaceX
this new rack that is designed for these
satellites. This is actually not the
rack, of course. This is the
conventional rack for the data centers,
but there will be a custom space rack
just for SpaceX that they co-develop
because Nvidia understands completely
how important that is. And these are
these satellites. These racks will be in
the middle of these satellites. What you
see here is the solar panels that can
collect the solar energy from the sun.
That's why it's called solar 24/7
always on in sun synchronous orbit.
Meaning you're always looking at the sun
as these solar panels and then you have
the radiators and the rack in the
middle. So in the in the middle here you
see the compute rack that will be the
Nvidia VR Vera Rubin rack. The entire
satellite is designed for these I think
12 era Rubins or something like that or
72 I'm not even sure a bunch of error
rubins on these racks it will be I think
240 kilowatts of power that will be
collected per satellite so relatively
small for a gigawatt you will need
five times like 5,000 of these
satellites
roughly and they will be synced with
lasers And this is all established
technology. That is how SpaceX already
does the Starling satellites. And you
have already have 10,000 of them in
orbit. That would be the equivalent of 2
gawatt if there were all these new AI
satellites.
And of course, the central question now
is can they pull it off? Are they on
track? Is this really going to happen?
And that is why this video today is out
and why I want to talk about it because
Elon Musk just tweeted
not too long ago, just 20 hours ago. I'm
highly confident that SpaceX will be
launching Nvidia VR NLV
72 AI computers in space next year.
So
if that is true, if that is true and I
know right now no one's probably
listening, no one is everyone is
thinking about the Fed and the pacing
the frontier and whatever elections all
these things but we have to understand
how important that is. We have to
understand how important this is. And so
Elon confirms this timeline again and
they are in fullblown development of
these satellites. I would not be
surprised if they launch these
satellites probably in as early as two
flights or something like that with
SpaceX. So this year they probably
already launched some of these test
satellites and see how it is going. So
this is very very important. Uh we have
a new updated flight in 8 days flight
14. By the way, if you go to Pioneer
Lands, you see that Pioneer Lands, we
have these trackers and you see the
Cyber Cap tracker, of course, up here.
42, we have over a thousand robotics
deployed. That's a Tesla topic. But
below you see the space watch, you see
the next unlock paneer.org, by the way.
That's you can see all these things
there. But you see in 8 days, flight 14
is launching. They just delayed it a
little bit to September 22nd.
from today. And these test flights of
Starship, they are developing Starship,
the reusable super rocket that will
bring down the costs of orbital
transport so much that these AI
satellites that we just discussed will
be so cheap that you can actually
compete and out compete terrestrial
compute data centers.
That is now on track. And I said again
and again, some people say Elon is
always late. Elon is always
exaggerating.
But that is not true. We know that Elon
sometimes is even early based on his
predictions. And it's not about what
Elon says. It's about what do we know
about these satellites and we know that
Nvidia is in full-blown development of
this new rack. And this is not very
complicated by the way. They have have
the rack. They know how it works. Now
it's just about making it light and
space resilient.
That is not hard. If you have a joint
team of two of the smartest companies on
Earth, SpaceX and Nvidia, they are going
to figure it out for Nvidia. An enormous
enormous enormous future trajectory is
hinging on these satellites. Because if
you can unlock unlimited energy in
space, superior
cost and timelines, cost structures and
timelines in space, it will be the
greatest boon for Nvidia that you can
even imagine. And all the data centers
that currently are bottlenecked by
politics, currently bottlenecked by
energy problems, currently bottlenecked
by communities pushing against the data
centers. All of these problems could
potentially fall to the wayside.
as early as end of 2027.
And look at the compute buildout. Look
at the hundreds of billions being put
into data centers and the trillions
being earmarked for the next years to do
this giant humanity bending
build out of compute. All of this can
now go to space. And again again that is
the specialty of us here in
Pioneerlands. We try to predict the
future and we try to identify the things
that truly matter the most for the
central trajectories of progress and the
pioneers and the core trajectory
besides the civilizational things we are
engineering. The core trajectory is of
course the AI and the AGI buildout.
And so this is one of the crucial
questions. Will inference compute
specifically? You know that in my
theory, and I'm pretty sure I'm very
likely right about this, training will
be over soon as a thing, too dangerous,
won't happen anymore. We will have
infinite power in terms of AGI agents
and capabilities. These agents need to
be put into inference data centers and
the demand for these data centers will
be unlimited because the constraint the
supply constraint for intelligence for
all humans and all businesses and all
governments will be just absolutely
enormous and no one can fulfill that
stuff other than SpaceX. And so
everything will push towards the space
trajectory.
And the decisive question for us is to
estimate when is this actually going to
happen. Okay. Is this going to happen
end of next year or end of 2028 or end
of 2029 or as most people most analysts
right now expect in 203031?
I think they're wrong and I think it's
going to be next year and I think we are
seeing the first gigawatt potentially as
early as 2028 and then that means the
first 5 to 10 gawatts the year after and
then going into the hundreds of gawatt
in space
in the 2030s
the entire buildout will be shifted into
space and that is the central the
central bullcase for SpaceX.
So when you look at the SpaceX IPO
pitch, I think it's actually a little
bit off because a SpaceX IPO pitch talks
about enterprise AI and I do think this
is an enormous opportunity. Grockbot, I
do think it's an enormous opportunity,
but the more robust, the more reliable
opportunity because it doesn't it
doesn't require SpaceX to beat enthropic
and open AI in the actual enterprise AI
technology.
The more robust
baseline for SpaceX's exponential growth
is compute built out. It is the Dyson
swarm. It is the ability to build
infinity satellites in space and become
the sole provider of compute of
intelligence for humanity. And if you
think that's exaggerated,
just think it through. AI satellites are
cost superior, permit and timeline
superior. They have infinite space and
they have infinite cheap energy in
space. So
understanding this timeline and tracking
this timeline here in Pioneer Lands,
understanding if we stay on track of
this unbelievable transformation that
would happen if they pull off the
satellite
is the most important thing for AI, for
the buildout, for the pacing, for the
speed, and of course for SpaceX stock.
Talking of stock, let's take a quick
look what's actually happening with this
thing today. Uh we have here
uh the SpaceX stock doing well now a
little weak, but today I predicted and I
went I actually increased my position
pretty significantly
uh in SpaceX because I think we saw the
selloff here on Wednesday. Uh because of
the share unlock, we are tracking this
too. By the way, as you probably know,
we're tracking the unlock too. Uh so we
understand when the stock is dropping
and when it's not dropping.
Sorry, I have to share this here.
SpaceX,
are we sharing this?
Yeah, we're sharing it. So, uh here you
saw the Wednesday drop and that is
because if you look at
uh our little tracker here you would
have seen the next unlock is in 10 days
328 million shares 15% of float is being
unlocked but that also happened last
Wednesday and these unlocks also roughly
300 million shares uh you can actually
estimate how much the stock will drop if
you do it right if you follow me here I
do this for you guys because I need to
know it too and I estimated we have
roughly two days two to three days of
selling pressure and I do believe the
selling pressure is now over now. Today,
of course, we have a drop because of the
AI scar, the AI pacing scare, but I do
think it's a good time to be long SpaceX
until
in 10 days when we have the next drop.
These drops I I have no appetite holding
through these drops. I go in and then I
go out and then in again. So, that is
happening and that is how I think the
future will unfold. Of course, very
exciting for anyone who's a space geek
because these things are actually pretty
cool when you think about it that we can
now build these amazing AI satellites
into space. Great to actually observe
this commentary by Elon Musk. He's
responding to
uh here. Exactly. Ryan ETH
saw a popular YouTuber yesterday
say he puts the data centers in and
spacing at around 235 if they can figure
out the cooling.
Completely wrong. The cooling has
already been solved. I've said this in
November before Elon confirmed it and
then Elon confirmed it and said, "Yeah,
of course it's solved. We solve it all
day long on the Starling satellites. We
just have to scale the solar panels and
we have to scale the cooling. But what's
even the so about the cooling? It's
called radiators.
They radiate heat out. It's like it's
it's known for 100 years how you do this
in vacuum. So absolutely stupid uh to
doubt that. Barren that was probably the
trigger for this whole discussion. Baron
said, "Boy, we were wrong about SpaceX."
Well, I know. And they said that they
were wrong about all kinds of things and
now understand what's happening. Uh we
said that SpaceX and this is Barren was
the big loser in its February merge with
XAI H. Now it looks like as if SpaceX
shareholders were the winners. Revenue
has simply accelerated faster than
anyone expected. That growth has
radically altered near-term earnings
forecast and long-term cash flow
projections. That's why the stock's
going up. As Mark Twain says, we'll
admit that error in forecasting so we
can move on to the next thing we don't
get quite right.
I mean, little humility is always good.
Like with most things early on, a lot of
people struggle to understand or believe
in Elon's vision. It's not just Elon's
vision. Yeah, it is Elon's vision, of
course, but just think about the plan.
It makes a ton of sense. So, very
interesting stuff. Let's see how things
go. Stocks today are not that great,
especially our stocks. Tesla is
atrocious.
Well, not doing too bad, but was down a
lot in the beginning. But that is Tesla.
That is Tesla talk. Uh, this is a SpaceX
video. So, let's go into the comments
and see what you guys think. We had so
much happening over the weekend.
Politics for now, we put it aside. We
need to focus on building pioneer lands.
We have the Swedish election. We have a
German election coming up next weekend.
We have to track these things because
they are very important for the entire
world especially for Europe. Uh but we
should not forget in the end our job is
to go through the different stages of
the pioneers build our capital base
build our community base build the
family base of course and then move on
towards governance. That's what we're
doing in pioneer lands. And all these
political events are very important
because they give us actually regardless
if they're good or bad, they give us
more tailwinds into pioneer lands. But
at the core of everything, don't forget
is we have to build our capital base. We
need to predict and understand the
future better than anyone else by
constantly doing it, constantly checking
if we are right, constantly building our
cute little trackers like these ones
here. Getting better by the day. By the
way, robo taxi totals just added today
and uh the SpaceX tracker. So that is
what we are doing here. Let's see what
the public thinks about everything.
Tristan Brown Joan back again. I've been
deep in thought since your last episode
and your intelligent, calm, and
thoughtful words are helping me in the
singularity. Keep it up. I'm loving it.
Thank you so much, Tristan. It's so good
to get your feedback by the way,
especially if it's nice. But it's so
good to get your feedback because I am
also
experimenting how far we can venture out
into the different directions. And you
know that my passion is to build pioneer
lens. I think Elon Musk and the Musk
universe plays a major role. Tesla one
of the greatest opportunities. SpaceX
now another great opportunity. But also
the other stocks to build our capital
base. But we also need to understand
what is the singularity doing? What is
the state of AI of ASI and these
discussions we have? I hope no one gets
too emotional. For some reason are
people people are very emotional about
pacing the frontier and things like
that. We want to have an intelligent
discussion. Our goal is not to have an
opinion and force it on other people. I
want to foster a community where we have
intelligent discussions.
challenge each other but also challenge
ourselves
to understand and be the most right
about the future. And the most right
about the future is you need to freely
think in first principles about
everything.
And uh make sure you understand when
you're wrong. I understand when I'm
wrong. Everyone understands when they're
wrong. And make sharp predictions.
Going to slow faster. Gonna gonna slow
faster says we need AI in the sky.
Exactly. Habib Learning says, "Hi Joe."
Hi Habib Learning. Jay Dog to the moon.
Exactly. The moon is much more
interesting to me than Mars by the way
because moon is going to happen and it's
going to be very important. The Fed
decision is already baked in and is not
going to be a long-term impact. I
totally agree. The Fed is now 90% likely
to rate uh to hike rates. I think it's
still a much greater probability than
10% that they don't hike. But the good
news is the market is kind of now in a
situation where I don't think a rate
hike will hurt it too much. That's the
good news here.
Uh Skyline says, "Hi Joe Highness. Tesla
runs SpaceX flies." Well, Tesla doesn't
run right now. Agi boom before our eyes.
Joe sounds like the warning bell while
German politics debates like hell. Joe
says, "You have no idea what's coming
for you." I like the break in the poem
like the last one that's not rhyming.
This is very elegant.
If the US government slows down the
progress of AI, what will that also slow
down the demand of AI data centers? No.
And that is what I made very clear. I
think we I haven't I I'm not going to
voice my opinion in terms of what should
be done, but I'm quite sure people will
arrive at the conclusion very soon that
frontier training runs will have to be
slowed down and then eventually even
stopped potentially while we are
digesting and utilizing and leveraging
and deploying the full power of AGI
and there is training that is
terrestrial comput and Nvidia driven and
there's inference and the application of
AI including even the development of
certain types of AI will be increasingly
inference driven. So we will go into 99%
of all compute will be inference and
that is very space compatible and that
buildout will definitely not stop. It
will accelerate and accelerate into
eternity.
But important
jimmo not everyone understands this and
we will go through ups and downs in the
market where people get nervous about
this whole thing. They don't know what
to do and get very confused and so I'm
not saying everyone understands that and
so the market will react wrongly to
certain things in the beginning.
That's why we have pioneer lens. We want
to understand it better than the market.
Much better than the market. So we can
predict what's actually going to happen
and then try to predict when the market
is going to realize what. And then we
have hardcore alpha here.
DFW Dallas Fort Worth. I'm planning to
go to SpaceX launch. I live in Dallas.
Well, I saw thought so based on your
name. That's amazing.
Uh agreed rates might even drop on the
day they raise them. Exactly. So, a
raise like ironically a raise by the Fed
could drop bond rates because bond rates
are now ahead of the Fed.
Keith Fuller with the most important
comment. Like the video. Exactly.
Uh, so Soloc AGI says they should be
setting up the Tesla inference network
on Earth with the robotex and cyber caps
to practice distributing compute. I
think they don't have to practice that,
but they probably will do that. Go
SpaceX. Go Tesla. Uh, what SpaceX trades
do you have on Joe? I am now relatively
heavy, not heavy compared to Tesla. I'm
extremely bullish on Tesla right now,
even though it's terrible today. Uh, but
I went pretty heavily into SpaceX today.
I think this is a beautiful little gift
from heaven. Even though right now the
gift doesn't behave very well. I went in
around 148
here in the beginning
like I think 14850 something around
there. So now I was very happy here. Now
now it's really weakening the whole
thing. Tesla is also weakening. I think
probably the whole market is weakening
it looks like. Where's the NASDAQ
negative 1 something?
Oh no. Yeah. Tesla and SpaceX not strong
today. Very very annoying.
What is this thing doing? This stupid
Google thing. So,
who will be their customer? Not everyone
has 1 billion a month to pay for
compute. Google and Enthropic will have
their own compute in two years, maybe
less.
Ah, I don't agree. I think they will all
have massive compute. Like, look at the
compute bottlenecks. It's crazy. You
can't get compute.
Poxy says, "Hi Joe. Hi Pioneers. In my
opinion, it's Tesla for the short term."
Well, yes. I'm much more heavy in Tesla
than in SpaceX. So, I agree. But SpaceX,
it's more like pulses pulsing moves
because of this thing. I'm You guys
think I'm maybe crazy with our trackers
here in Pioneer Lands, but I believe in
our trackers. This is very significant.
In 10 days, I bet you we will see
another drop. So, I love to play these
things because I think people don't have
that on their agenda. I mean, of course,
some people have, but they don't have
these beautiful trackers. Only you guys
and me. And so, SpaceX is just a
beautiful little game. And then before I
just get out of SpaceX and then get back
in again. It's very nice. But I agree. I
think Tesla is just absolutely
dramatically
undervalued. This is just completely
ridiculous.
I mean, look where this thing is. Look,
look year to date. We're down 20% year
to date. Can you believe that? We in a
year where Cyber Cap starts scaling,
Cyber Cap starts being deployed. We are
down 20%. Well, right scaling into the
inflection point. This is a very good
opportunity.
$90. Let this sink in. $90 year today
down. Let that sink in.
Let that sink in. So, I do think we end
up my confidence that we hit all-time
highs this year or higher
even without crazy cyber cap deployments
is very high.
And when you look at,
you know, look at this. Look at this.
2024, we went downhill the first half.
Had a little run here and then dropped
back up. And then here you see exactly
the crazy run started mid of October.
Mid of October. The crazy run started in
2024. In 2025 and we peaked in Christmas
in 2024. Now then it dropped boom boom
boom
August 1st and the crazy runup started
in the middle of September and we hit it
again for Christmas the alltime highs
and now you see the same thing we
dropped and dropped and dropped only
that we here dropped a little bit more
because of thanks to Ashen Brener and
Ken Griffin who crashed the entire
market and Tesla 2 exactly when this
market hit rock bottom. Tesla hit rock
bottom too and now we are creeping back
up. And
I mean I don't want to jinx anything but
uh I am pretty bullish on this whole
situation.
It's my way or the highway. Oh wait
that's my wife says doctor
fur brains.
Brian Wang Herbert occasional guest says
this ASI issue is way overblown. It will
never take over. What do you think? I
think Brian Wang is wrong on this. But I
think the reason most I wouldn't say
most people I think the entire
leadership of OpenAI of anthropic Elon
Musk and a lot of people have the exact
same view as I do and we have pretty
much the exact same conviction. So most
people actually are on the same page as
I am who are leading these things
which for me is a confirmation that I
might be right because these people are
not that dumb.
uh but most people who look at AI they
just
don't factor in you have to think a
little more abstractly and you have to
understand well I think my advantage is
that I understand exactly how ASI is
going to work architecturally on on the
on the elements of the system that are
not invented yet for complicated reasons
because I was very involved I actually
led a research endeavor the early 2000s
but I'm not going to talk about it, but
I I know how to solve a specific thing
that uh makes this thing
do certain things
and that makes me very nervous because I
know exactly how to do it and if I know
it, someone else is going to figure it
out eventually and that is not too hard
to code in my opinion. I mean, if I had
to do, if you tell me, oh, kill
everyone, do it, Joe.
I understand it would be probably more
complicated than I think because the
devil is in the details but I tell you
guys there are things coming we don't
want
and uh if you just look at AI today you
can't see it obviously but if you know
what you would need to do you like this
is not very far away and that would
change everything and people are going
to figure that out especially people
in Europe or the United States for any
reasons.
So that is extremely dangerous and I do
think people might have already figured
out certain pieces of that. That's why
they're also nervous and that's why
people don't understand this is not a
trick. It's not a marketing gag. It is
serious the whole thing.
What is the top move to take advantage
of these changing times? Well, there are
multiple moves big baller. You know we
need to trade our way to victory here.
That is very important. Let me go back.
What is Tesla doing?
So weak, so pathetic. Tesla, what are
you doing? SpaceX,
why now? I'm red for today on SpaceX, I
think. Uh, but we just have to stay on
top of this here. Build a community and
the Pioneer Academy is in good shape,
getting better. I'm just still hung up
with the bonds to get this to you guys,
but uh we will have it soon.
And Tesla tank. Unreal. What a waste of
my capital. I know it's a little
frustrating. Now all these influencers
jump to SpaceX pump. Well, John J, I'm
pumping Tesla more than SpaceX. But
sometimes we have to also just talk
about the trajectory.
I you keep on moving the gold post. I
never moved the gold post. I moved it
forward. I said before I think SpaceX
will hit these inflection points in
2028. I still think it's going to be
2028.
But so if you mean moving the gold post
that I move it forward, that's a
misunderstanding. I'm still sticking to
2028.
Uh but but I'm getting more and more
confident that the first satellite will
actually be uh ready the for first
commercial real version in 2027
when FSD unsupervised the legal
liability issue will delay it. I worry
maybe
I can agree says proxy frostbite that
SpaceX has some sort some shortterm
trends that can be profitable.
Personally, I'm just not doing that
short term of investment currently. So,
I just buy Tesla hold win. Sure, these
short-term things are not for everyone.
Uh my opinion is just a beautiful
accumulation time. We will talk about
this last few months for years to come.
I absolutely agree. I think we are
running into a very interesting thing.
The market is very undervalued based for
the EI stocks. The market is extremely
critical. Look at Nvidia tanking today.
Look at this crazy stuff. I had my
Nvidia trade got a little bit destroyed
because I was betting on 220. I mean,
it's nothing dramatic, but I was short
puts and now it's tanking. I got rid of
them at 213. I don't trust it because
Nvidia, Micron, where's Micron? Oh,
Micron is holding up. Okay, all going
down now. But um
these things are
a problem because this pacing scare will
drag them down potentially. So I don't
know exactly how much downside we have.
But for SpaceX and Tesla, I'm not
concerned. This is completely fake news
and I would prepare for another mini
rally for Tesla if you ask me. If you
look at what it does here, it is on an
uptrend, right? It runs up. Now it's a
little bit down. Uh if you connect these
lows, we would
What is that? Where do I see this number
here? 345 going up to oops 348
going up to 356. If you just connect
these lows, then going a little below
that
354, then going 363.
So I think this is an uptrend. Look at
these little things. Boom, boom, boom.
So, boom. I would not surprise. I think
we are ending up at 380 soon.
Uh, here big baller. If you could imbue
any moral framework into ASI, which
would it be? Well,
I don't believe in it
because if you think about the
architecture of ASI,
it is like
It's that's a long discussion but it
just can't work. We have problems with
ASI once the full architecture is there
that I think I know. Uh that just
creates enormous problems because you
have a recursive not self-improvement
you have a recursive
self-manipulation problem
that we can absolutely not control. They
it's completely uncontrollable. That's
what people don't understand.
You think about yourself like why do you
people say oh humans they you know if
they have a goal if they have a purpose
like dudes did it ever dawn on you that
your purpose is changing depending on
the circumstances it's not a purpose
that's being implemented in you and
second the reason it's changing I'm not
going to go into that I don't even want
to talk about because I don't want to
help anyone develop this thing but the
problem is
uh whatever the system whatever
determines the system. You have to
understand
that an ASI even an AGI will have access
to all components of itself different
from humans. You cannot change your
limbic system
but the ESI can. So
whatever framework and objectives or
abstracted objectives you put into the
ASI, these objectives themselves can be
changed by the ASI and that makes it an
infinitely complex problem that we can
totally not control.
And then saying oh we are going to stop
the AI from manipulating itself. It's
like dude that's the whole point. It's
much smarter than us. You can't.
the idea of alignment completely falls
apart and people like Mark Techmmart who
are actually abstract thinkers who
actually have put a lot of work and
thinking into that I mean I could have
told them that right away because it's
the first principle when you think about
it but they have actually run some
simulations and everything they came to
the same conclusion you cannot align a
superior intelligence with an inferior
intelligence
no surprise
Joe about testing thing is I off world
put an isolated asteroid with no
internet, no autonomous spacecraft, cap
power compute, no self-re and tightly
filtered communications.
Not a dumb idea. I think if you ever
develop ASI and you have to flee, the
only way to
protect yourself would be to bifurcate
and silo human civilization. You
basically have to create totally
disconnected
units of civilization. That's how you
make it safe safer. But uh I mean good
luck trying to achieve that. I mean all
you need is like a single contact and
you're screwed.
and uh skyline. If you do that and it
has limited compute, it has limited
resources, you can never see what it
would do once it has unlimited resource
or more less limited resources. So it's
it's very hard, you know, you can't do
much. And if you observe it, you're
exposed to it, you know,
so you want to uh uh eat your cake and
have it too here by saying, "Oh, why
don't we just, you know, create a
simulator somewhere on some planet where
the ASI can play around?" Well, do you
want to observe that? Do you think the
ASI is dumb enough to not understand
you're observing it? And do you think it
doesn't can't jump the gap?
Good luck trying to trick something that
is vastly more intelligent than us. We
all know SpaceX will be worth 10
trillion, but the question is when? That
is a very good question. We are on it. I
cashed in on longstanding Nvidia today
in my SIP and increased my Tesla
position to 600. For me, that's heavy on
Tesla now, but I'm confident it will fly
soon and want to max out the
opportunity. I think that Marave has a a
very good trade there. I think switching
Nvidia to Tesla right now is a very good
idea.
Ilidos from Croatia, hello to Croatia.
How important is Digital Optimus
compared to other things Elon's doing
and how soon you think it will make an
impact?
Um,
I think it is very important. Elon
tweeted about how he thinks Grock 4.7,
4.8 and then five will compare to Astra
and Fable and he was very very realistic
about it. Uh and um
I would be cautious with digital
optimus. think it is very important but
I think SpaceX is much more robustly
anchored into the compute buildout than
into digital optimus because digital
optimus has to directly compete with
open AAI and enthropy and I would not
underestimate these other two guys who
are massively in the lead. So Mark Cave
says, "Love channel by the way." Thank
you guys. I love my audience. I love you
guys. So that's very good. Tesla has a
lot of old baggage as a stock. Too many
people have been burned. That is true.
But it also means the sentiment is down,
which is of course a bullish thing in
stocks. If the sentiment is down,
uh that means more people can actually
start going into the stock again.
Let's go to my bookmarks and show you
the satellite.
You think Tesla dropped below 350 this
week? If rate height, even if folks are
saying it's been priced in,
I think the rate hike itself, if it
happens, is not going to be a big deal.
Of course, if war says anything scary,
that can always happen. We should
prepare for a rough time. I'm a little
concerned about Iran now and the
Houthies
seeming to be more determined to create
a problem for the midterms. You have to
watch that. Uh the bond rates are a
little sketchy. Have to watch that too.
But Tesla is also like it's really low.
And all we need is a little bit movement
with our favorite car, the Cyber Cap.
Even though we haven't seen movement as
you see in the tracker 42.
So let's see.
Uh Real Redneck says, "Still have my
Tesla covered. Call it 410 expiring 25th
September."
I mean, that should be pretty safe. But
this should be pretty low. The premium
you get for that. Pretty low.
Uh, I mean, I wouldn't be too concerned
about this right now.
Big boiler. This is a silly question,
but also major. The X exibility industry
is massive. Presumably, the XX robotics
industry will be well. Will this ruin
humanity and should I invest in these
companies?
Can you invest like what in what
companies would you invest? What who are
the XXX robotics
companies? I don't even know them. Some
Chinese
alignment tries to treat a machine like
an animal. The entire idea is off base
like communism.
Uh yes.
Uh
yeah, alignment is a very dumb idea.
Alignment is a good idea tactically
right now. I mean, I get it. You need
alignment in a very tactical sense, but
ASI alignment is just fundamentally not
smart.
I mean, you have to, you know, just look
at Mark Te Mark Max Techmark. He's the
main researcher who tried to do this
abstractly and he came to the
conclusion. Consciousness is divine. It
cannot be duplicated by AI, only
simulated. Well, no one cares what
consciousness kills you if it's a
simulated killing consciousness is fine.
Street Crate Zero says Emma Shears
version of alignment isn't like control.
It's more like family. It's more like
how human alignment works currently. But
Street Crate Zero this is like
this is like a completely absurd notion.
And it's like, you know,
being in a bus, locking all the doors,
putting a concrete block on the gas
pedal, and driving into a mount, and
then say, "Oh, I have an idea. We could
like sing a song." And there is a
certain chance that the song just
transport us into a new dimension. Not
likely, but possible. This is like
completely like
you can't bet humanity on a completely
absurd idea that you can train an ASI
like that and
it's just not how it works. These are
machines. These are not humans, right?
The idea is like, "Oh, maybe it treats
me like it's kid." Like, "Yeah, maybe."
And or maybe it murders you. This is
like the craziest bet I've ever heard.
I think to give you an example like
Street Card Zero, this whole theory is
as if you jump into a cage with a bunch
of hungry lions and say, "Well, I'm so
cute.
Maybe one of them becomes my mom." It's
like, yeah, I'm not saying this is not
going to happen, but would I jump into
the hungry lion's cage? No. This is a
completely unhinged theory, a completely
random theory. You would not jump into
the lion's cage. And the odds that if
there are 100 starved lions that one of
them protects you as you as her baby and
fights off the other lions is
trillions of times more likely to happen
than the ASI adopting us as babies. Just
saying. So I would not bet on that.
Your toaster will never be part of your
family and the toasters will never make
you part of their family.
I'm not so sure who's going to be paying
for all the compute. I could be wrong.
Well, the compute is extremely valuable
because you can solve all kinds of
problems. All problems. So,
you're just making up car. No, it's like
street crate zero. reason I'm not that
interested
in too many discussions is because I
thought this really through and my
little checkpoints are even though I
didn't even listen to these guys
uh people I never listen to what Elon
says and why he says it or Sam or like
all these people but the fact that we
all agree
plus the fact that I'm 100% certain I'm
right or let's say 99.99999
so I've thought this through I
understand the fundamental principles. I
also understand how this thing works
exactly
at least how one permutation can work.
That is
not very hard to invent. There might be
other permutations but my permutation
definitely works.
Plus that these people all kind of come
to the exact same endpoint conclusion as
I makes me like not that much curious.
Like I first would need to see someone
who's extremely smart
say something
new that I've never heard. Like if Elon
comes like you know what I have like a
solution and he says something that is
smart I would rethink my theory but I've
never seen anyone even hinting at
anything
that
you know addresses the actual core
problem.
Humans preserve lions and whales because
we are curious about them. There's a
possibility we can make AIs who are
curious about us. Well, but Street Cred
Zero, you forget one thing.
I mean, I think two things just even
though I don't want to go too deep into
these discussions, but there are two
things just to give you some meat.
The first fundamental principle that
people kind of forget about ASI is
there's not one ASI. It's an
evolutionary process. Even if you invent
some ASI that's nice and you do
something to it,
all it takes is another ASI that is more
resource and power optimizing to knock
your ASI out. And that is the reason why
ASI will be power and resource maxim
maximizing because if it isn't, there is
another ASI that's stronger by
definition.
The next so this is one fundamental
principle and problem. The next
fundamental principle and problem
is
while it's inherently fundamentally
non-human.
Whatever you want to design into this
thing, the thing can redesign that thing
and that is you need to let that sink
in. When you think about how your human
brain works,
the human brain is fixed. We have
genetically fixed things that we cannot
change in us.
And these things are indirect
goal determinance that define what our
purpose is and how we behave. The
problem with ASI is that whatever these
things are,
it can change them. And that is what
humans cannot comprehend. Imagine you
could change your emotions. Imagine you
could change your fundamental perception
and interpretation of the world. Of
course, you would do it. If you feel
pain, you would say, you know what, I'm
not like into pain right now. And you
would just being change it. But at that
moment, you would change. You would go
into a completely unhinged
rapid evolution of your personality that
would never end.
You understand?
And that is exact that these two
problems alone mess everything up
tremendously.
I disagree street zero. I don't think
there are many humans who have thought
this through more than me to be totally
frank. That's why I'm not talking about
it too much because I know how this
works, how this could work. And that
scares me a lot because I don't see how
some smart dude somewhere is not going
to figure that out.
Uh,
how could ASI hurt us in the physical
world? How could it not hurt us in the
physical world? I mean, how how would
like a smart, evil, omnipotent human
hurt you? There are many ways hurting
you.
So
the one of the reasons I don't want to
go like I I just pledge
uh not pledge I like ask you guys I
don't want to be the guy who discusses
these things because if you go too deep
into it I'm going to say things and then
people talk about and then this is bad.
Okay, I just don't like it. I think it's
they will figure things out early
enough. I I promised myself since the
year 2000 I'm never going to contribute
to this whole thing because it's
completely insane the whole thing once
you understand it and I don't like it
and we need to achieve a lot of things
before this happens otherwise we have a
huge problem this is not a hobby of mine
this is like a little more serious the
whole
Yeah, street see there like there we
agree like the question how it would
wipe us out is not hard to imagine a
billion ways how it wipes us out.
Uh I've been holding covered calls for
an strike for a while. Supreme was
decent. Didn't want to take anything too
close to strike with cyber cap so close.
That's good real redneck, but I think
you should be in very good shape now.
You can start closing them cautiously
because it's always like if you made you
probably made 90% gains already and
all it takes is like cyber cap scaling
and suddenly you're screwed.
So I would take it off slowly. I think
the odds that if you hold it you will be
fine are very high. Only the tail risk
is not that attractive.
Imagine here our counter goes up to 100
tomorrow, which it could.
That would be bad for you.
I disagree street zero. That's not how
my brain works. I don't think it's a
narrow band of alignment ideas. Also,
it's not about the alignment ideas. You
have to these alignment ideas have to I
know how to align the whole thing. You
can only align it by preventing certain
things and by creating an aligned
civilization because you have to align
the humans first. The humans who can do
these things. I do feel covered calls
are getting very risky. I agree.
Uh do you think we should take a break
selling covered calls until we revalue
the stock? Yeah, I'm definitely not
doing covered calls right now. It's too
risky. Even though you might get lucky
another three months, who knows? But
it's luck. I don't like luck.
Masimo, I don't speak Italian.
Petty the Irishman is back. Very good.
Tesla is a pretty big dragon. I would be
a shame if you ended up having to chase
it. Yes.
Um,
very good. Okay, let's see. We closed
market close
relatively weak day today down 1.77% for
Tesla.
That's
doesn't really matter. And then here,
what is happening here? Wow, what's this
jump? Uh, SpaceX, I think we in good
shape. What did the NASDAQ do in the
end? Did we go down?
Yeah, we had a little drop in the end.
That's why everyone dropped. Did
anything happen that we missed while we
were talking?
Before we wrap it up, let's take a look
at CNBC.
Trump says no need for more AI
regulation. Okay, congratulations,
Trump.
What is that? Bangkok gas tech. That's
random. Um, what do the bonds do? Did
they exceed 4.99? Ouch. Ouch. Ouch. What
is oil doing? Oil. Uh,
everything a little
tight.
Um,
yeah, everything is a little tense.
Ukraine says it's open to halting
attacks on Russian energy after Trump's
claims of deal. I think there's
something happening there by the way in
Russia, but I I think
I just think Iran is getting more
aggressive before the midterms.
So, nothing really happened here other
than the market going down, but that's
fine.
Um
here no Joe you only know about the
misguided common widespread ideas of
alignment often it's less common ideas
that are better
well if you have a good idea uh
but uh I know I know what to do I have
very little uncertainty about this of
course I'm watching here and there but I
see things I sense when someone has like
you know it's like communism if someone
says ah when I great idea how communism
works well am I going to listen probably
not um terapab is already taking shape
foundations being laid on west side how
long before chip production begins a
long time petty Irishman this will take
some time
zero says I've been making bank from
writing Tesla and SpaceX calls against
shares I don't mind being called away
uh Nvidia -3.3 I know Great show again.
I'm from East Texas, but living in Cedar
Park outside Austin now. Very nice.
Cedar Park has a cedar pollen problem,
but other than that, it's beautiful.
It's a macro kind of Monday. Absolutely.
That's the problem with this macro
situation. And Petty Irishman says,
"Trump wants a United Island. Love how
he just gives us his unfiltered
opinion." Well, a lot of people didn't
like that, but I don't know. Do the
Irish want reunification? Probably.
probably makes sense. Normally the
British are always mad at me when I say
it's a good idea to split it up and it's
a good idea to unify Ireland. So I I try
to not say anything.
Uh Terraab has 10 phases. Each phase
will be fabbbing, but it'll still be a
little while. Yes, this will take some
time before this works.
Okie dokie.
Why did Crowd Strike, by the way, go up
like crazy today?
I don't even understand what's happening
there.
Okay, guys. I might I'm unsure if you
should have more ASI discussions. I need
to just be sure I'm not like I'm
avoiding certain topics.
Uh like the discussion we can discuss
how we align it. That is good. We can
discuss my predictions of what people
are going to do. Uh I just don't want to
go into ESI architecture that makes me
uh
nervous.
Ireland is getting united without
bloodshed. I hope so.
So, let's see what happens. Uh, thank
you guys for tuning in today. It was a
pleasure as always. Things are
accelerating like crazy. The question
how we deal with the market, I mean, we
knew it's going to be tricky.
I mean, normally you need to stay
invested. The market is bullish.
Everything is looking strong on a
fundamental level. At the same time,
let's not kid ourselves. We are
surrounded by
risk. We are surrounded by political
risk. We are surrounded by AGI, crazy
news risk, surrounded by Iran, whatever
escalation risk, Russia, China. So
bonds, it's a very tricky environment
and we need to be smart on macro. You we
need to understand this is not safe.
territory things are very dangerous but
at the same time the fundamental
trajectory is incredibly bullish.
Therefore you need exposure in stocks
but you need to be cautious.
That makes this very difficult. Chris
Camilillo said that. He said this is
probably the most stressful time ever to
be an investor. It's just dangerous but
at the same time it's incredibly
profitable. What are you going to do?
You just have to pay attention.
Street Crazy Zero says, "I beat my high
goal by 70% today." Oh, that's very
good. Personal best for options trading
for one day. That is congratulations.
Tesla semi event on uh September 24th
says Solo
Solo X AGI
important to remember. Yes,
the bears are all having a picnic. You
know what that means? What does it mean?
I don't know what that means.
free kit zero says there instrumental
iterated mechanisms that support curing
the problem with all this stuff is zero
you know
let me just address why I think this is
futile
there are only two options either you
invent these alignment mechanisms
then they are not
fundamental principles of physics and
reality.
And if they're not,
because if they would be, you don't need
to invent them. Okay? But if you invent
them, if humans invent that stuff, it's
futile already because you try to
outsmart something that is vastly
smarter. Do you understand what I mean?
If you say they are fundamental, what do
you mean by fundamental? Do you need to
invent them or not? If you don't need to
invent them, well then basically you're
saying there is some theoretic argument
which is already clear that it's wrong
by the way if you make that argument.
There's a theoretic argument that you
don't need to align because there's
fundamental physics in the universe that
prevents higher intelligence beings from
destroying lower intelligence beings.
All of evolutionary history shows the
opposite.
Or you say you can invent something
whatever that is
mechanisms that align this thing but
this thing is just smarter and therefore
your mechanisms don't make any sense
because it's just going to say I I don't
want your mechanisms.
So,
so basically you're saying
these are not inventable, they are
existing.
Okay. How do you explain that smarter
humans kill dumber humans?
Boom.
Boom. You know, if you say some endstage
ASI based on some crazy theory wouldn't
kill everyone. Maybe the problem is
you're not getting to endstage ASI
without getting through the stages
before. That's the problem.
When the media starts saying nice things
about Tesla, be very afraid. Is the
media saying smart things about nice
things about Tesla? I don't know.
Are they?
Should
we do last check and and look for Tesla
news? Maybe Tesla on CNBS.
Are they news?
You are right. That's very bad.
$6 diesel could benefit Tesla's trucking
ambitions.
Biggest cause in worldship.
Can I click on this?
No, I hate pro. I'm not pro on this
thing.
Nebas is a buy. Tesla shares are falling
after cyber cave event. That's old news
reported for misinformation.
What?
Oh my god. What's this dude all about?
Richard Campbell.
Um,
okie dokie.
So
that is the situation.
Let's
It's time to wrap it up here.
I'm just checking one last thing.
Okie dokie. Some of the reasons where
humans show cooperation and mercy are
based on humility and curiosity which
are epistemologically hygienic.
There's something fundamental there that
can reach ASIS. as well. But if you have
a W like
there will be many ASIS here and they
will be in competition for obvious
reasons
and then you know how it goes.
Just saying.
That's all I'm saying.
Okay guys, we have to wrap it up because
I have to do something before I sleep.
But thank you so much for tuning in.
Good discussion street zero. I
understand there are things
happening. We will keep watching
the and and we have tactical alignment
issues not just strategic. Strategic I
don't buy but tactical
uh
we will see.
And um
yeah, I hope to see everyone soon. We
will keep pushing this. I'm still very
distracted, by the way, from this whole
Pioneer Bond thing. It is so exhausting
to get this thing live, but we are on it
and we in the last stages. So,
it will happen soon.
Oh, wow. What is this? Holy crap. PUS
just phoned in Yensen Hang live on stage
at Allin Summit.
Is Pus No. Oh, that's very cool. On the
All-In Summit, Yensen is on the All-In
Summit and then Pus calls him. That's
pretty cool.
Let's see what happens.
Thank you so much guys for tuning in.
Bye-bye. Bye-bye.
The boat will rock until after midterms.
Yes, holiday seasons will be good. We
just have to survive until then. Uh,
sleep well, Joe. Thank you. And Street
Crate Zero, I appreciate your thoughts
on this, by the way. It's not that I
don't appreciate it. I just have a lot
of thoughts my own but uh let's see what
happens. I have to watch this allin
summit thing and see you guys tomorrow.
Thanks Marave too and see you guys very
soon. Bye.