Channel:     futureaza
Title:       Monday LIVE: Tesla's NEWEST Product, GM is Rudderless, & Battery Boom in Action
URL:         https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WFOj7qC7NUk
Published:   2026-08-17 06:09 UTC
Fetched:     2026-08-17 19:00 UTC

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

H good Monday the 17th of August. Yes,
we're doing this uh 17th of August live
Monday news. For those who do not know,
for those who've not been here before I
go through all the news that gives me
fits and has been printed, even if it's
only been printed by someone at their
desk and uh take a look at it, screen
through it as quick as I can, get to a
Q&amp;A afterwards from the chat. So, if
you're here and you're in the chat and
you have questions, let me know. And if
there's any topics you'd like me to dig
deeper into later in the week, I can
consider that as well if there is
sufficient interest. Hey, in the title I
said new product launch. You guys might
have missed it. What is it? Oh my gosh,
it is the storage hidden tray thing. So,
that's kind of fun. Yeah, storage uh
hidden storage tray under the seat. And
people are already complaining. The
mainstream media ran a story this
morning. I saw it's 50 bucks. If you can
get a set of four off Teeu for 35. Yeah,
but that's also Teeu. So,
take it with a grain of salt. Look at
that. Under seat storage tray for
$50,000. This should be included. Not
everyone wants it. Not everyone needs
it. Why? Four more parts to warranty.
Come on, man. Get over yourself. Alpaca
Mayonnaise launched and the robo taxi
bet. Yeah, I'm pretty sure that's what
Alpaio stands for. Nvidia opened up for
commercial use of Alpameo 2 Super. 2
Super, you guys. A reasoning model built
for uh robo taxis and self-driving cars.
The move signals where the company wants
its next growth chapter to come from,
does it? I think they're still all in on
data centers, but hey, who knows? A
foundation model built to be licensed.
Yeah. So, here's the thing is if Alpam
mayo was a perfect solution today, which
it is not, it would take three to five
years to get it out into cars. That's
that's a last mover advantage is what
that is, but it's not ready today.
Uh, family of open reasoning models for
autonomous vehicles driving on hugging
face. Yes, the face hugger itself uh
with the lineup topping 500,000
downloads, the Linux Foundation. So,
let's see. Which, uh, lets automakers
and suppliers fine-tune and sell
products built on it. Open source, baby.
But, uh, that doesn't mean it's good
because you still need your training
data. And none of those customers using
it are going to give away their training
data. Why would they do that? That is
their advantage, however small it may
be. Not super exciting. Whimo imported
over 3,200 Ziker robo taxis in the US
despite a massive tariff. Now I'm
covering this with Dr. Knowitall in a
couple days. We had a lengthy
conversation about this, but it's quite
silly. This is a fine move for Whimo.
They look different. That's a
differentiating factor. Great. That
doesn't mean they're going to work well
for the business long term. They're too
expensive. Even if you can get these for
30,000, which I'm confident Whimo
cannot, that 100% tariff takes them to
60 and the logistics of getting it there
takes them to easily 7075,000
and you haven't done the upfit yet.
You're probably at 100 grand versus a
cyber tax uh cyber cab, which is, you
know, at 3,200 units, they're probably
going to be looking at half that price.
And as they scale, the price will
continue to come down. 3200 does not get
you buying volume power.
You know,
yeah, it'll do. Okay. I drove Tesla FSD
and Rivian Autonomy Plus hands-free
driving system. Here's how they compare.
According to Michael Wayland at CNBC,
this is very frustrating. Rivian's
trying to catch up, but with additional
safety guardrails. Well, that sounds
good, right? Based on recent drives
totaling hundreds of miles, Rivian has
surpassed legacy competitors like GM
with Super Cruise. Rivian expects to
deliver pointto-point driving later this
year. Later this year. But for now, its
ADAS is a giant leap forward for the
company. Yes, they went from zero to
one. Zero to one. A very big
improvement. Mind you, one is not the
destination. One is highway Adas.
They've had this for a while. Um I've
tried it. It worked fine on the highway.
Uh so this Rivian is truly exceptional.
An unmatched blend of safety and
technology. The chatbot told me in the
car. He asked the car which who's got
the best? And the car's like Rivian if
you believe everything I say. Wow. The
Riven AI bot may be biased.
the company's goal. I don't care what
their goal is. I want to know their road
map. May I see your training cluster?
May I see your volume of training data?
Without those two things, you have no
path forward. So, this goes on to say
that it's better than blue cruise better
than super cruise. Debatable. I haven't
had enough time with super cruise or
with recent blue cruise to have an
opinion on that. But it says it's
solved. I mean, they've got the highway
figured out. Now, all they need to do is
solve the rest of it. The roundabouts,
the city streets, the stop lights, the
stop signs, the pedestrians.
Guys, that is the whole problem. That is
all of it. Rivian is only 50 bucks a
month. I don't know if I'd pay 50 a
month for Rivian's solution. The biggest
operational difference is that Rivian uh
is their ability to control the vehicle
on non-highway streets uh for Tesla.
That's that's the hard part. So, the
lack of critical thinking in this story
concerns me but deeply. Hey, let's talk
about GM. They're floundering. I
mentioned that as well. Uh South Korea
Samsung SDI to buy out GM's stake in
their joint battery venture. So yeah,
they had a joint venture uh in Indiana
and uh GM had almost 50%.
Citing weaker than uh expected electric
vehicle demand. Yeah, people just don't
want to buy EVs. Well, sorry. They don't
want to buy our EVs at the price at
which we sell them. There, fixed it for
you. So they're buying up. So, you know,
they're seeding ground in the US market
is one way to put it. But on the other
hand, battery cell production at the
Ohio plant to restart for GM. Now, this
is with LG. LG,
you know, can make good batteries.
Northeast Ohio scheduled to restart.
Boy, I just don't know which direction
GM is going. On the one hand, GM is
extending their joint venture uh with
SIC for another 20 years despite
geopolitical tensions with the US.
They have uh this is part of a 30-year
agreement that they've extended by
another 20 years. This allowed them to
get their cars into China on favorable
terms. They had to manufacture them
there. The Buick was made there, but uh
and I've been in a
in a 95 Buick Regal that was actually a
2000 Buick boy. I don't remember what
they called it was made in Shanghai.
The uh extension comes. So yeah, they're
they're like, "Yeah, we're definitely in
this. We're in it for China." I mean, of
course, Chevy has exited China after 21
years. Shift focus to global exports. 21
years, huh? That may have been just the
import period because they were selling
cars more than 21 years ago. Again, I've
been in a Buick in China in 2003.
Uh GM is clarifying the brand will
continue production within the country,
but it'll shift its focus toward
exporting vehicles to international
markets, but not the US. They're not
making cars, they're selling their
badge. They're licensing the badge. They
are just a brand. Now, Chevy's 99% sales
collapse ends the China retail push.
See, I told you, floundering, right? How
else would you describe it? Uh, so
that's, you know, ridiculous. GM keeps
Chinese plants running for export while
Chevy ends local retail sales, reshaping
the brand's footprint and long-term
strategy in the market. Oh, you're from
Shanghai. You must see these uh Chevys
all over the place, cuz you know, the
one I bought is from your city. No, no,
they don't sell them here. They don't do
it. They don't do it. They do not sell
them here.
But Chinese sales are weak. And I wanted
to point this out because this headline
is such atrocious trash. EV sales slide
again amid fading incentives. Okay. Yep.
That'll that'll reduce sales. Weak
demand. Yeah. Yeah. Weak demand will
impact sales and persistent price war.
Wrong. Wrong. A price war should make
them sell even better. You don't lose
market share because cars are just as
good but getting artificially cheaper.
And the artificially cheaper part,
they're just trimming margins. Most of
these companies are positive. Nearly all
of them are positive on a cost of goods
sold basis, gross uh net gross margin
profit, not necessarily net because
they're, you know, expanding sales. Look
at that. That's a Volkswagen. I'll be
darned. Deliveries of any of EVs fell
3.9% in July from a year earlier,
extending their decline to a seventh
consecutive month as fading incentives
and weaker demand weighed on the market.
That's correct. I think your editor
added the price wars to the title to
make it more dramatic.
And Chinese automaker Cherry buys Nissan
plant in Africa as EV production shifts
to new markets. Look, there's going to
be tariffs. There's going to be costs,
there's going to be shipping, there's
going to be uh, you know, VATS uh, that
are assigned and assessed higher because
it's a foreign made product. Let's make
it there. You know who's got cheaper
labor than Asia? Africa.
Let's make the cars there. I can tell
you from my research on Ethiopia, where
I'll be going in December, that this is
uh, how this is how they're trying to do
it in Ethiopia. They're looking to stand
up about 70 factories to make
knockdowns, semi- knocknockdowns, and
eventually full production cars where
all of it is actually made there and
they are uh doing that because it can
make sense.
So, uh yeah, move the factories out of
the country. China also has a labor
shortage of sorts. their baby boom is
just now cresting and uh they are well
below replacement rate for workers. So
let's you know remove as many of those
workers
um positions as we can. Don't remove the
don't remove the people. Don't do that.
How's the stock doing today? Flatish.
Down half a percent so far. That's
Monday. Uh, but
I will not be able
I will not be able to tell you what's
going on tomorrow because tomorrow I
depart for my flight. I'm going to be in
Nepal. And if you're wondering what I'm
pointing at, that's a monkey. These are
uh this is a monkey kind of temple and
they uh are monkeys. So, I felt right at
home, I guess you could say, is is the
main gist of that. Uh you guys, I want
to thank you for your support to get me
there. It means so much to me. Um I will
be interviewing the Minister of
Transportation. I will be interviewing
an executive at the bus transit, you
know, the transit authority in town for
buses and other transportation issues.
Got a lot of stuff lined up. The auto
show will be happening while I'm there.
I've got test drives because I am
licensed to drive in almost all of the
world, including China, which is the
hard one. Hey, subscribe if you can. If
you can't help the other way, don't even
sweat it. I just appreciate you guys
being here. Let's talk batteries, shall
we? Uh, Janelle, new
million dollar Tesla mega battery energy
storage facility is being built in
Australia. These announcements happen
kind of all the time. Uh, and you've got
this article about it, but these are
just big. They just keep uh rolling out,
which makes sense. Europe's largest
battery comes online in Scotland.
Another huge one. Why wouldn't it? Look
at that thing. It's a thing of beauty.
Uh, these, you know, a 500 megawatt, 1
gawatt hour uh, battery energy storage
solution has entered commercial
operations at an old coal mine. Poetic
in it.
Um, let's talk about sodium ion battery.
They have prototypes approaching 200
watt hours per kilogram. I've I'd swear
I've seen numbers even higher than that,
which leads me to people on in the
comments and on social media saying,
"Why don't I just wait for sodium?" You
know, I'd rather have a sodium battery.
Why? Well, because it does better in the
cold. Yeah, but even if you can match
the gravimetric energy density, watt
hours per kilogram, you can't measure
you can't match the volutric energy
density uh cubic cm per watt hour
because it uh because sodium ions are
big. It just comes down to that uh
sodium is a larger atom uh and that can
lead to more rapid degradation. So even
if you got, you know, that extra range
when it's really cold, it might not even
be comparable to what lithium ion gets
when it's cold. And in the summer, you
just have less battery. Not to say
sodium ion isn't good. World's first
sodium ion electric mining truck
delivered in China with a 676 kilowatt
hour battery capacity. But if you look,
it's this huge box under here, and it
goes uh it's on both sides. It straddles
the frame. Uh but it is huge. It is
voluminous. It is four pallets of
batteries which is you know a large
amount of space on a truck like this.
You have it. Use it where it makes
sense.
But if we're talking cold weather
performance frozen to -22 degrees,
BYYD's new EV just charged to 97% in 12
minutes. Denza Z9 GT is powered by the
new flash charging battery, the new
blade, uh, which is, you know, what
they're using for all the flash
chargers. It performs well in the cold.
That's the whole that's the main thrust
of it. Uh, it would be nice to start
seeing these batteries in the US, but we
would also need to build out the
charging infrastructure. But at the very
least, even if you could get to a 350 or
500 kW charger, it would be able to hold
that maximum rate of charge much longer.
So, it would really help. Entrylevel BYD
TI3 electric SUV launched. It's 21 grand
in China and it has the flash battery.
Wow. Now, if you could export this with
zero tariff, it'd probably be 3540,000
in that country because you got to pay
the middleman. You got to pay the uh
shipping. You got to pay there's a cost
associated with the time of your money.
So,
this this is who uh US automakers are
competing with in countries that are not
the US or China. If you're trying to
sell into Africa, into Asia, into even
this is your competition. And you can
tell me it looks ugly. I might be
inclined to agree. To me, it looks like
a full-size toy. But the price, the
stats, if you live in an apartment,
rapid charging is a lot more important
than those of us with the luxury of
plugging in at home.
Tesla reportedly will demo flying
Roadster. H, do you think? So, I'm not
one to report single source rumors, but
the rumors stated here uh is that um
that it's going there's going to be a
demo. It will not be drivable in a
flying configuration. The people
watching it will be um required to be
hundreds of yards/meters
away for safety reasons. Remotely
operated. No driver inside. It's not
designed to be street legal. several
hundred yards away. This matches the
rumor I heard last year. So, is it
possible?
Yes. Yes. This one's a week out of date.
I apologize for that, but last week's
news ran long. Solar panel project on
course. They have uh declared the
location and they've already uh begun
some work on it. Crystal project uh
Tesla's project Crystal Sun, a $10
billion solar cell and module
manufacturing facility in Fort Bend
County, Texas,
is likely to happen in the next 5 years
because it takes time to build it. It
takes time to tool it and commission.
So this is not exciting news today, but
it is exciting news. And the best part
is you can run at full speed because if
you run out of paying customers, you can
always sell it to yourself, you know,
like SpaceX does with launches. You can
put it at every Tesla location. You
could put it at every supercharger that
will allow you or you control the land.
You can put it on the spare land you
have at other facilities. Giga Nevada
does not have good southacing sun, but
uh it does have a lot of land. So even
if you're not getting maximum benefit,
if it's your panels, maybe the cost
still makes sense. And this and the
panels don't have to be cheaper than the
Chinese ones. They have to be cheaper
than the Chinese ones, plus the massive
import tariff.
California's instant EV rabbi are now
available for these three brands. And
it's uh Tesla, Hyundai, and Lucid with
some others lined up uh to get it as
well. They may already be online. But if
you're looking to get an EV in
California, bear in mind this is only
for firsttime EV buyers. So if you've
already had three, you don't qualify.
But if your wife hasn't had one or your
husband, they qualify.
It's not a loophole. It's just written
into the rules. Tesla battery recycling
to rival North American mining output,
but not today and not soon. The idea is
that as cars are aging out, as
production is much higher, uh eventually
it could reach that level.
But they've already been recycling. They
do some recycling in house. I've seen it
at Giga Nevada. And they claim to do the
tour guide said they do all of it. Uh
but then I went and toured Redwood
Materials where I could with my eyeballs
see pallets of 20 of uh 2170 cells with
no button on the top. That my friend is
a Tesla cell. So great, it's fine. And
it is possible that uh AI revenue will
eclipse the rest of SpaceX by September.
That's not surprising if you're pulling
in billions a month in compute lease. So
that's interesting to see. And with a
very short payoff, 12 months to pay off
your investment to build out the
compute, every passing month gets you
8.33%
closer to free equipment. Could you
imagine that? Build it all, let someone
else use it for the first year, and then
it's yours. You just got to keep it
forever. But don't keep it forever. At
some point, the energy costs will be too
high to justify keeping it running.
Let's get into the Q&amp;A, shall we?
Because I got through that. Not record
time, but in good time. How is
everybody? Am I sounding okay? Could
have asked that 21 minutes and 9 seconds
ago, but hey, I did it. Uh, yeah. Let's
see what everyone's got to say today.
Scrolling up. Let's see. H
Aren't you usually here uh just to say
you aren't? Oh, yeah. Who? On a more
serious note, later today I'm starting
talking to a guy about putting solar on
my house. It looks like it's all a go.
If you have a good sky exposure, uh it
can make sense, especially the higher
the energy cost you have. And energy
costs do not appear to be going down
anywhere.
Normally I'm here, but only in an audio
sense. Yes, Joe's is normally driving.
And uh today Joe's is here to uh to
really uh pipe up, I guess. Not sure
what I made does, but I made it. Yeah,
I'm tempted, but not staying here long.
Oh, JT.
Um, happy pre-travel day, sir. Best of
luck to you. Yeah, I'm going to be
recording in sessions all day to get a
bunch of stuff stocked up. So when I'm
in Catmandeue, I can focus on the work
at hand and not lose my mind. No, losing
my mind is reserved for today when I
will be doing precisely that.
I wouldn't trust alpaca mayonnaise if I
came across it on the store shelf.
Smart for the best. You're missing the
lemons, spiders, and stripes. Got my
lemon tree over there. I've stopped uh
illuminating it because it's extra steps
and I didn't think it looked good.
Uh maybe they should call it clever
instead of super. H missing the duct.
All we need is the duct tape, you guys.
Duct tape. Hey, man. It's uh like the
force. It's got a dark side, a light
side, and it holds the universe
together. We all know FSD takes a year.
Well, the thing that concerns me with
Rivian's approach is if they honestly
believe they're going to have
like FSD version 9 or 10 by the end of
this year, that tells me they have yet
to understand the scope of the challenge
because you're not. You're not. Highway
driving is the easiest driving there is.
You just keep it between the lines, go
straight, and don't bonk anybody ahead
of you. Adding in lane changing, not
that difficult. There's no cross
traffic. There's no pedestrians. There's
no uh weird signage to really pay
attention to. It's
Blue Cruise is rough. I experienced it
probably three years ago now, two years
ago, and we were on Interstate 5 heading
north from Portland, and the gentlest
bend in the road disengaged it. I was
very disappointed. I imagine it's gotten
better. Uh, the GM Flounder, is that the
new model? Maybe. The Koreans are coming
up with over a dozen EB models soon. I
have more confidence in uh Hyundai, Kia
than I do in most legacy automakers when
it comes to following through on
promises for things like EVs. But all
legacy companies when it comes to their
EV ambitions, I'm in a show me the money
camp. I don't care what you say. Press
releases are cheap. Engineering is
expensive.
I'm playing at 1.75x
speed till stuttering starts.
Tony, uh, you caught up yet? By the way,
how many likes are we at? And have you
added yours? Morning, guys. Howdy.
What's the new product? Under seat, uh,
storage. Can't believe it didn't get
more coverage. Seemed like a big deal to
me. Body parts. Storage under your
seats. Body part storage, Kevin, that's
not what it is. But who am I to judge?
Uh, your arms. Are your arms ready for
the flight? Yes, my arms are ready. Uh,
is early access to the Roadster. So, I'm
just, you know, driving. I'm just going
to drive. I'm going to fly my roads, my
new, it's not mine. I have to give it
back roadster to the other side of the
world. Uh, any word on AI5 chips? No.
Uh, are we expecting news? I haven't I
haven't heard anything, but I I haven't
been told to expect to hear something.
Don't swear. It's not nice. I swear I
won't. Oh, I did it. Hello, Belgium.
Let's see. Sorry to hear about your
fire. There's a wildfire in Belgium
that's quite devastating at the moment.
And uh that seems out of character. I
don't remember hearing of wildfires like
that in the past.
Body part storage has a whole other
meaning. Yeah, I think it does. I think
it looks charming. Oh, yeah. The the
truck. Yeah, it looked fine. What's your
theory as to where the 2.3,000 cyber
cabs are in those holding lots? Yeah. I
mean, they're all over the country.
Salt flats in Utah should be scheduled
for the Roadster demo. Maybe. Maybe. The
salt flats are a lot grosser than you
may realize.
I think uh location-wise it's probably
fine, but I can't help but think there's
better places. A
a airport runway that's not in use would
be a better one. Elon could have pivoted
to a Roadster drone to prove me wrong.
Yeah, he could. I mean, he could have
done a lot of things to prove us wrong.
Uh when I visited my son while he was in
college, we ran a cord out his apartment
window to charge my plug-in Prius. Yeah,
but that's not a very reliable solution
for most people. And it's an outright
impossible one for for a lot more. And
every day, oh, you'd well, first of all,
you're losing heat and your apartment is
now much less secure. I don't think it's
a good solution.
Um, I just assumed everyone used it for
road raers that stepped out of their
vehicle and advanced on them.
Oh, I see.
Okay. Can't wait for battery price to
come down. Uh I thought they just
repurposed for storage. Yeah. Mhm.
Uh-huh. Okay. I think we're about caught
up. And couple minutes to spare even.
So, if there's any final comments, get
them in at this moment. Legacy
Automakers. Uh I see 77 thumbs up. There
we go. Not too bad. So, so here's
another one. I'm going to give you
another finger, a different one.
Mhm. I have an extra 200 lb easy. Mhm.
More storage means more places to put
stuff that I shouldn't be hauling around
in the first place. If you keep, you
know, I've got the armrest storage, I've
got the glove box and I've got the, you
know, the storage space uh just under
the screen. What's in there? Your guess
is as good as mine. I know it should be
in there and maybe it is. Thank you for
the good great trip wishes, the safe
travels wishes. Uh, did you get to demo
the R2 yet? Uh, not demo. I got to see
it. Uh, the demos were not available.
They were booked two weeks out. Uh, the
self-driving has a lot to be desired.
Who knows how long it takes to make that
rock solid, but hey, eventually maybe it
is a net positive. Rivian is saying that
they will have LAR because it's
necessary, but they're not putting it on
there. So, that tells me they don't know
what they're doing. and I talk to the
salesman, but he only knows what he's
told from corporate. I don't expect him
to perform independent analysis to know
if what he's saying is true. I expect
him to do his best, move vehicles for
the company. That's what he did. Um,
I have no confidence in Riven's
autonomous approach. I had put in quite
a bit of effort to be at their autonomy
day. And then the day before they
messaged me and said, "Hey, you should
live stream it." And I said, "I'm going
to be in town. You should invite me."
They go, "No
space." And then over the weekend, I
reached out to them and said, "Hey, uh,
why don't you have me come and do a test
drive? Give me a demo." They said, "Oh,
we stopped. We're not doing demos."
Somehow unaware that the community is
very small and we all talk. And I knew
perfectly well they were still doing
demos. I said, "Okay, well, what can we
do?" And what they can do is ghost me
because they're not ready to show it to
analysts. They want to show it to hype
people. I get that. That makes sense.
It's not that they don't love me.
They've let me drive their Rivian R1s
for a week. But that's a refined
finished product. Uh they don't they
would be wise to show me that. I think
with what we've seen in the successes of
the new autonomy that they would not be
wise to show that to me.
Ah, the guy didn't even know the battery
chemistry. I talked to him. Yeah, but
most buyers don't care. Um, I had
battery questions as well that they were
not I mean, yeah, ask them the form
factor. Ask them where the batteries are
made or who made them. That's really
really not not the not the not the real
thing. Dr. Atomic, I will be seeing you
in October because uh I'll be I'll be
staying very close to you. All right. Um
Rivian versus Nvidia, who gets there
first? Well, Nvidia, they've got the
experts. They've got the funding. Uh
Rivian,
you come to the game this late, where
are you going to find your AI experts? I
don't know. Okay, that means we are over
time, guys. Why not drop it off to Tesla
before you go on your trip? they may be
able to work on it. Uh because uh I'd
have no way to get back. It's an hour
away and I absolutely don't have the
time today. Uh and then they'd be
calling me while I'm gone saying, "Get
your car out of here." And I have no way
of doing that either. Look, they my
battery died. So you guys know on my
2023 Model Y, my battery has died. And
the question is why with the battery
still I mean a week ago I could have
driven it to a service center. Today I
could not. Why don't I just bring it in?
Look, they've got the telematics. They
know they know everything going on. The
diagnostics in the car if they wanted me
to bring it in. They should have done
that. Scheduling a month out for a uh
battery replacement is I mean they have
to know they're going to have to tow it
or tell me to bring it in. And if I went
in, if I even if I could get it in
today, which there's just no way. I'm at
17% and falling. 17% yesterday. I'll
take a look. But uh they uh if they gave
me a loner, they would be furious if I
uh didn't return it. And being out of
town, I would not be able to return it.
Uh it's trying to wake up. It is not
being successful at that. So, they know
that particular failure is going to
result in continued degradation.
I don't know if it's going to wake up.
So, there you go. Yeah, it's not waking
up. So, car may already be past that
point. So, there we go. Uh, thank you
guys. Uh, what did I miss? What did I
misunderstand? If you're catching it on
the replay, you got to let me know.
Everyone else, oh, it is low power mode,
JD. Yeah, you're right. Doesn't matter.
It's under 17%. Thank you for that. Uh
what I missed, what I missed or saying,
leave it in the comments. You gotta You
gotta. And if you're catching it uh on
the replay, you got to let me know that,
too. Everyone else, stay tuned. Stay
juicy. And I cannot wait to hear from
you clever robots from the road. I will
be doing this live again next week, but
at a very different hour, my time.
Take care, guys.