Channel:     futureaza
Title:       Tesla Just Changed Transportation Forever
URL:         https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FbbAs-i0ABY
Published:   2026-07-21 12:00 UTC
Fetched:     2026-07-21 13:00 UTC

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

I'm hoping that when I write the next
biography on Elon Musk, which maybe I'll
do at the end of this year because my
last one ended at the end of last year.
Um, if I'm going to write another
biography, maybe we'll find out because
I would love to be able to report uh
this is what happened. This is what Elon
was thinking. This is why this, you
know, because we can always do the
history and get it. It's sort of right.
Every history has its own problems
anyway.
&gt;&gt; CyberCAB is coming. CyberCAB is
imminent. know CyberCap is here, but
where where oh where is it? I've got too
many comments from too [music] many
people to ignore any longer. We got to
know, are these cars actually coming or
not? We're seeing evidence, but not
enough. Let's get into it with my buddy
Randy Kirk from Randy Kirk, you know,
videos and other things. Uh we're going
to figure out where they are, why
they're not here, [music] and please,
sir, I want a new belooa now. I'm Brian.
Welcome to Futurazza.
So Randy, you may have seen clips like
this of all the cars out testing,
driving long ones. And uh got this great
post from Mike here saying this is what
it feels like. The car it's Oh, is it?
No, wait. Almost. It's almost time. No,
not quite yet. [laughter] And then and
then we see drone footage from Joe
Techmire. was clipped by Sawyer Merritt
showing hundreds of the cars out in the
in the logistics lot in the outbound
lot. So my question Randy is
first of all would you agree that
there's between 500 and a thousand at
least that have been built?
&gt;&gt; Oh I I you know be I have no more
information than you do Brian. I would
say that based on Joe's uh statements,
based on other people that have shown
them in in various cities around the
country sitting in parking lots, I think
that yeah, I mean 500 will probably be
very low. I'm sorry. Yeah, 500 would be
very low. A thousand is probably my
guess more what I would guess.
&gt;&gt; Yes. And it could be over a thousand.
&gt;&gt; It could be.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. So, uh, then in addition to that,
you've got the question, the bigger
question, Randy, where are they? Why why
why can't they why aren't they rolled
out? What's going on? Is this a Did Elon
get out over his skis again? Are we all
going to lose everything? Has he bet the
entire company? And not just the
company. I saw the world's dumbest
article today. I won't say who wrote it
saying that that uh Elon has bet
[clears throat] all of his company's
fortunes on one on one thing which is
just not correct.
&gt;&gt; Somebody somebody with a their name
begins with F and they claim that
there's going to be steering wheels.
&gt;&gt; Who knows? Could be anyone. [laughter]
&gt;&gt; What on earth? So where but why what are
we waiting for? Why can't we just roll
them out today in big numbers?
&gt;&gt; I think I'm I'm hoping that when I write
the next biography on Elon Musk, which
maybe I'll do at the end of this year
because my last one ended at the end of
last year. Um if I'm going to write
another biography, maybe we'll find out
because I would love to be able to
report uh this is what happened. This is
what Elon was thinking. This is why
this, you know, because we can always do
the history and get it sort of right.
Every history has its own problems
anyway. But in general, we can look at
the history. Right now, I would say it's
close to impossible. So, I do take the
advice of people like you, like Jeff
Lutz, like uh Larry and others, and I
try to listen to what everybody has to
say. So, here's my analysis. As best I
know, okay, I don't think it has
anything to do with safety other than we
don't want breakdowns.
Um, I don't think at this point that it
has anything really to do with city
logistics. I don't think they're worried
about a Whimo type, you know, citywide
stall, uh, with, you know, people being
jammed up all over the town and having
the mayor start to ask for new
regulations because Whimo is screwing
things up. Um, I do think that it's
probably logistics and something I
started talking about a year ago that
nobody believes me. I mean, nobody
believes me. And this usually I at least
get a few people coming along, oh, I see
what you're saying, Randy. All right.
I've been a salesman and marketing guy
my whole life. So, this engineering side
and this development side and all this
kind of stuff. Yeah, I've done it
because I had a manufacturing business,
but that's not my specialization. My
specialization is marketing. My question
is, how fast should you deploy these in
each new city in order to get good
customer service without being stupid
and having the cars sitting around so
that people reporting about that? And so
what we just saw this last week was 55
at once, which is the first time we've
seen a big bunch sent out all at once.
Um, and that might have been a test.
That might have been, okay, let's see if
we send out 55, how quickly we can move
them into the market, how quickly people
get on their apps and start using it.
Can we move out in that kind of a of a
of a time frame? What do we need to do
if not if it didn't work? If 20 of those
got got rides and 35 of them didn't,
what do we need to do next time to hype
the product in advance or to, you know,
create some advertising or marketing,
whatever? What do we need to do to make
sure that if we're going to roll out
hundreds or 500s or thousands in cities
that we're actually going to get you
people getting those cars and using
them?
&gt;&gt; So, uh, what would you put the odds of
it that it's just not going to work?
because I still do get those comments,
people saying, "Look, all of these are
being shipped out. They will still never
work." Now, mind you, they do work.
We're seeing them in cities. I think it
was in Dallas, someone said they saw a
person sitting in one being driven
around doing simulated drop offs and
pickups. And the person went up and
looked in the car and like, "Everything
all right?" He's like, "Yeah, yeah, just
doing our thing." And away it went. So,
uh, I think that what we really need to
focus on, but I do have a question here,
I promise. Uh, is getting the goalposts
motorized with electric drivetrain so
that the haters can move them more
easily. Uh, at this point, I'm pretty
sure the goalposts are outside the
stadium. U, which is great for long-term
storage. But the question is, what are
the odds in your view that the vehicles
that they're already shipping will never
be switched on for customers?
&gt;&gt; Well, to take your metaphor, you know,
one step further, sometimes we've seen
uh people hit the ball completely
outside of the park and into the parking
lot and so possibly it went across the
goalpost and that would be Elon Musk.
That would be that would be that would
be the one guy on the planet right now
or even off the planet. um who can hit
them completely out of the ballpark. So
the goalposts are the goalposts and what
are the chances that we never see robo
taxis? Uh there is a number less than
0.00001%
but I don't know what it is. I guess one
more 0 and one. Um yeah I don't listen
we there's 175 in service. We don't know
how many people they're picking up a
day. Those are the ones that don't have
any supervised you know drivers. Then
we've got another bunch in San Francisco
area that do have supervised drivers in
them and uh they're doing fine. We're
not hearing we're seeing the Nitsa
results by the way. I'm I'm going to say
that right for the first time for all of
you show. Somebody finally told me what
I was doing wrong and now I get it. They
they've told me for a long time that I
was saying it wrong, but they never told
me how. And this guy very cleverly
brought me into the into the into the
right place. [laughter]
Anyway, so we see the numbers out of
Nitsa. We see them out of the local uh
uh Department of Transportation in
Texas. We know the cars are working. The
cars are not getting into trouble. When
they do get into trouble, commonly it's
the other car who's backed into them,
not Tesla causing the problem. So yeah,
we know they work and there's going to
be a reason and next year in the Elon
Musk magic part two, I hope to be able
to tell you about it.
&gt;&gt; There are a lot of Model Y's that are
driving around unsupervised.
If it can work in there, I don't know
what kind of mental gymnastics you need
to have to suggest it wouldn't work in a
cyber cab. Cyber cab is smaller. It is
narrower. It is shorter in all
dimensions. It is smaller. If it can
work in a Model Y, why would it not work
in a cyber cap? Uh, the cyber caps are
happening. The only questions I have are
back-end logistics. What is the ratio of
supervisors to drivers? I did see a
really strong argument the other day
saying, "Look, if it's one to one and
you don't want to scale higher, scale
higher anyway because as it becomes 2:1,
you don't want to just double the fleet.
You want to triple, quadruple as it so
you're going to need those remote
operators anyhow, at least for the next
year, I'd say at least staff up, get it
going." Uh, so I am still hopeful and I
do of course get those people who say,
"Yeah, but you said they'd be in 10
cities by the end of last year." No,
that wasn't me. That wasn't me. I never
said that. That was uh was that uh that
the guy who
guy
&gt;&gt; Yeah, I don't remember his name off the
top of my head. It's a very it's a very
common name.
&gt;&gt; [laughter]
&gt;&gt; Taking those in order, I would say
number one, yeah, if it can be done on a
regular Model Y, if it can be done on a
Cybert truck, it could be done on a
cyber cab. Uh, again, less than 0.001
chance that that's not going to happen.
Uh, with regard to whether it's
logistics, there's a bunch of different
kinds of logistics, which would include
cleaning, charging, um, repairs, uh,
emergency response. There's a whole
bunch of different kinds of logistics
and you mentioned one of them that I I I
respect your opinion on that. I have a
completely opposite opinion. I don't
think that the number of people that are
going to be required to handle that are
very many. I we might already be at 10
cars to one person. Um you know that
might drop to one in a 100. I think that
but we'll always have them. Okay.
Because that person is going to be uh
for emergencies. somebody has a heart
attack. Somebody they have a flat tire
for the again a forementioned uh
emergency response is going to start
with that person in most cases. So
there's going to be a whole bunch of
situations where that person will still
get involved uh maybe just to invite
them to tea. [laughter]
&gt;&gt; Yes. And uh I saw a video the other day
that was a bit concerning. And as you
know, we all love LiDAR here at the
Brian and Randy Liar Channel show. Uh
there was a video shown of Whimos
driving basically into a burning car.
There's a car on fire on the road and
the Whimos with all their fancy lighter.
I don't know if you know this, but fire
is kind of invisible on LAR. It's It
doesn't cast a shadow. It doesn't have
the same kind of uh physical properties
as a solid object.
The cars drove up to a distance from it
that was concerning before finally going
around saying, "Well, the light's green.
I don't know why this guy isn't going
cuz it's on fire." Uh do you think that
we have any deficiency of sensors in the
cyber cabs? We've got forward facing
cameras. We've got all the sides in the
back. We've got an internal camera.
We've got microphones.
Is Is anything missing or have the LAR
people somehow gotten it wrong again?
&gt;&gt; So, there was a very long article. It
might have been Ming uh Tesla Ming who
did this article and he talk but it
might not have been him. I'm but my best
guess is that it's him was talking about
the fact that the way that the cameras
work uh replicates LAR. So you have uh
the different cameras at different
locations on the car. You you know how
they talk about triangulating a cell
tower on all the mystery on all the TV
cop shows. So you triang triangulate the
different locations and you can find out
where that phone is based on various
cell towers that it might be pinging off
of. Well, you got the same situation
with the the the cameras on the vehicle.
The cameras can all they're all
different distances, so they can
triangulate whatever object there is out
there and create kind of a a uh a lidar
type response. Uh I don't know whether
that's true or not because I'm way over
my skis in terms of my understanding of
those kinds of things, but it sounded
good.
&gt;&gt; If you have two cameras looking at
something, it is stereoscopic vision.
You and I have it. My grandfather did
not. He was blind in one eye and man was
he good at sideswiping cars. It was like
his favorite thing. He did it all the
time. So I think that uh Ming's uh
conclusion, if it is Ming, uh is
reasonable because uh I don't know if
you've ever you should try and play bad
mitten with one eye covered. it is going
to be surprisingly challenging and you
can make up for a lot of that with
computer vision that can calculate
things. Uh but doing it, you know,
natively is a lot more challenging.
[gasps]
Well, because I'm an expert on this, I
will I and it's going to be completely
off topic, but I do want to bring I I do
want to bring people up to date on what
happens when you have monoscopic vision.
My first wife was blind in one eye. And
what it turns out is is that there are
at least I think it's eight other ways
that we can uh get our distance uh
information. Now, it's a little hard to
get the peripheral vision on that eye,
but other than that, in terms of
distance, you have things like uh
different uh uh different density of
color. So, you're you know, the further
away something is, it's it's lighter.
You've got uh the different uh speed
with which something is traveling across
your viewpoint. So you can you your your
uh vision adjusts and and makes up for
that. Uh and there's you know multiples
of these things. I think it's eight
total so that people like her that were
blind in one eye, she was still able to
drive, get her license, etc. So, uh,
that is, uh, just just a little
throwaway for everybody out there that's
looking for something to amuse their
friends with at tomorrow night at the
diner or tonight at the diner.
&gt;&gt; Tonight at the diner.
&gt;&gt; No. So, when this runs, guys, tonight.
Tonight, because this will be out on
Tuesday. This is recorded Monday morning
bright and early while I'm in Medford,
Oregon on my commute to the Los Angeles
Tesla Diner. Uh, I will be uh there with
Randy in person. So, you can confirm
that not just one, but both of us are
not AI. Whether we're eye at all,
that'll be up to you to determine. Uh,
Randy, I want to thank you for coming on
and sharing with us how your shirts made
your first wife blind in one eye. That's
unfortunate, but I get it. It happens.
Uh, everybody else, what do we miss?
What do we misunderstand? It's me, man.
The videos where we try and make you
smarter. The comments are where I hope
you can make us a little smarter.
Everybody else, stay tuned, stay juicy,
all that good stuff. And I cannot wait
to hear from your clever robots.