Channel:     davelee
Title:       I Rode Tesla’s Cybercab… It’s Better Than I Expected
URL:         https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UXEjWlELZEI
Published:   2026-09-07 18:35 UTC
Fetched:     2026-09-07 19:00 UTC

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Holy
Nice bed in here.
&gt;&gt; That's big.
take photos and video.
&gt;&gt; Bye
&gt;&gt; bye.
All right. So, we just got in the cyber
cab. Uh, they give you seven minutes to
uh get in the car and to to to depart.
So, I spent like five, six minutes. Uh,
playing around, not playing around, but
testing out the car, the doors. Uh, my
kids had a fun time just like looking
around and, uh, testing out the doors as
well, the trunk. Um, and then we spent
all seven minutes and so I was sitting
down and so the support agent actually
called uh me from the cyber cab. So I
guess they're keeping tabs and stuff. So
anyways, um, yeah, got a oh my gosh, a
40 a 39 minute ride uh to downtown
Austin to Starbucks down there. Um,
yeah. I'm I'm gonna go ahead and uh
share some thoughts as I take this robo
taxi ride
and maybe compare it to the Model Y robo
taxi ride and
yeah, share some first impressions of
being in the cabin and the entire
experience as well.
First thing I did was went in here and
um adjusted I adjusted the seat back a
bit. I'm telling you, man, this car is
incredible. The leg room is just
amazing. It's like a Yeah, it's super
super spacious. The screen is massive.
It's like what I heard a 22 in screen.
Yeah. The biggest ever Tesla's ever put
into a car. And um super comfortable,
super quiet.
Decent ride.
Uh it's interesting. It's not like I
would say the ride is it's not like a
Lexus or like a super plush ride, per
se. It still has got kind of that
that Tesla handling, right, where it has
that kind of close to road feel. Um, but
yeah, it reminds me of
kind of a Model 3 feel, I would say, in
terms of its ride handling, the way it
kind of takes corners, way it goes over
stuff. Maybe. Yeah, maybe. But quiet. I
mean, the cabin is quiet and
um yeah, personally, my first impression
would be, you know, they could probably
make it more plush, you know, more on
the comfort side, but I'm sure they can
iterate over time.
All right, I just connected my Spotify
account and it was pretty simple.
Hopefully, it will autoconnect next
time. But then I was able to turn on
some Yo-Yo Ma here. He's coming to
Austin, Texas next month. Um, looking
forward to the concert with my kids and
wife. But anyways, yeah, it makes a big
difference having music inside the your
car. Um, so much more relaxing
and it's a weird experience actually
kind of having no steering wheel and
having this huge screen in front of you
in the car.
Um, amazing. I mean, we're talking about
obviously
FSD is at a point where it's like pretty
much flawless drives, you know, even on
my model Y, right, with AI4, V14. So, I
wouldn't expect anything less from the
Cyber Cab, which I think has what, V15.
My guess is it probably has the AI5
chip, AI 5 chip already.
So, it's interesting. Down here is where
you open the window. So, you press it
down, but it only opens a bit. Um, yeah,
it won't let you open all the way.
All right. So, it is super interesting
having no steering wheel and uh no
pedals in this car.
No like driver controls, no, you know,
steering wheel stocks or anything, turn
signals, etc. No speedometer,
no like anything. It's crazy. Like even
the the range, the the battery, all that
stuff is gone. Um, yeah. Oh, way in the
corner here, you'll see the miles per
hour.
That's about it. That's all of the
controls really they're showing you.
They've basically taken out everything
from the driver.
If you take a Whimo, even a Model Y,
like robo taxi, you've got like this
steering wheel that's like turning and
this empty driver seat that you can't go
to. So, it kind of reminds you of what
you're missing. Like you're missing a
driver, like where's the driver? But in
a cyber cab, it has none of that stuff.
There's no reminder that there should be
a driver. And so because of that, it
just feels like so much more
like uh safer and more um stable. Um and
it just is a great feeling. I just I
love this feeling. I just feel like this
is how it's meant to be taken from place
A to B by your car. And so I think this
is an amazing milestone by Tesla. Like
who would have thought, right, that you
could legally put out cars on the street
without steering wheel, without pedals,
without a side view side view mirror,
without a speedometer, with all all this
stuff. You take everything away and you
have this super simple just like
transportation, right? From point A to
B, comfortable, quiet, exactly what you
need. Huge screen, your your music,
right? Comfortable seats. Um, it's a
materially and substantially better
experience with autonomous ride healing
than anything else out there. And this
is obviously the way to go. And congrats
to Tesla for actually pulling this off.
It's amazing.
All right. So, I've been riding in a
robo taxi. I took another ride. Uh my
first ride was about 40 45 minutes and
this ride is about 45 minutes. So I've
been in a robo taxi or cyber cab right
now in Austin, Texas. Um this is the
second day of roll out to the public and
it's beyond my um expectations
completely. I mean I'm telling you um
this second ride I was much more
relaxed, you know, chilling. I put in um
my my USB cord, charged my my phone. I
looked up YouTube. I pulled up my last
video on the CyberCab about the event
where I talked to engineers and stuff
and I was watching that for like a half
an hour and it was interesting watching,
you know, my Cybercap video in a
CyberCap. But the YouTube video
experience is just really good. Um,
and it's such a big screen and there's
nothing in the way. There's no steering
wheel. There's no like speedometer or
different stuff. So, you're watching
YouTube and you're just like you forget
where you are. It's just like watching
it at home like on your computer or TV
or something. It's really a cool
experience. It's like better than I
expected. Um, yeah. And then the time
just passes by so fast. like I was like
30 minutes and it was like, you know,
just gone. And the audio was great, the
video was great. I feel refreshed, you
know. Um I I was leaning back my my
chair as I was like watching the video.
So I was like lounging and it was just
uh something you just can't do. It's
almost like something you can't even
imagine doing unless you do it in in a
cyber cab because in any other car it's
just so hard to do. Um especially, you
know, um I'm in the driver's seat on the
second uh ride, so typically you would
have all this stuff, but you don't have
any of it. No, no controls, no steering
wheel, stocks, you know, sedometer, even
mirror. I noticed you you can't even see
behind you because there's no rear view
mirror. So, it's it's like, yeah, it's
interesting. Anyways, I've got a lot
more thoughts on the Cyber Cab. Um, if
you want to be kept up to date, check
out my first video on the cyber cab I
did yesterday. It was right after the
event and I talked about over an hour
about all the different stuff I learned
from the engineers. And uh, this this
event or this video is just kind of my
first impressions and initial thoughts.
Now, I've taken some notes um for a next
video where I'm going to share kind of
like more implications
um what it means, what kind of the
paradigm shift that the cyber cab
represents and how I think Tesla is
going to take this going forward. I I'm
super thankful, grateful that that Tesla
has done what they've done. you know
that they've really set their mind and
their goals to a future of you know a
safer better transport and they didn't
give up. They designed this complex I
mean it's complex in what they've done
because it's not just designing the car
it's designing like the assembly process
manufacturing each part of the car each
system in the car needs to be designed
manufactured etc. It's the software,
right? Without the software, the car
can't do anything. And so, it's like all
of the AI, you know, that goes into the
car. Um, there's Starlink up here, which
is cool. I mean, there's so much uh
going on and for it to all come together
in such simplicity where the end user
doesn't have to know anything about
everything that's going on, right? and
just gets into the car, enjoys their
time, feels refreshed afterwards,
they've gotten from point A to point B
in the best way possible. And that's
what the Cyber Cap's all about. And
super super amazing. Um yeah, and it's
it's open. If you're ever in Austin,
check it out. Download the robo taxi
app. You can hail a cyber cab. My
average wait time was about 40 minutes,
45 minutes um wait time, but it's a
second day. Hopefully it'll it'll come
down. Hopefully Tesla will release put
out more cyber cabs um for the wait time
to come down. But when we start seeing
like you know 100 1,000 5,000 of these
cyber cabs around in a city like Austin
wait time drops down to like 5 minutes.
I mean you're going to see this
everywhere and it's really going to
change I think the way people think um
about ride hailing and also the future
of transport. Anyways, uh good luck to
everyone. We'll see you guys in my next
video. All right, signing out here.