Channel:     brighterwithherbert
Title:       Will SPCX and TSLA stocks breakout?
URL:         https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=J_j0fnYc8kU
Published:   2026-06-11 14:38 UTC
Fetched:     2026-06-12 04:00 UTC

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

All right, welcome, welcome everybody.
This is a big day. The question we want
to ask today is when might Tesla stock
have its breakout? I can't believe it,
but the SpaceX IPO of course is already
tomorrow, but there are many who think
that the time for Tesla to skyrocket
might come sooner than later. We got the
robo taxi rollup and of course a
potential merger with SpaceX and a host
of other milestones are lined up. So, we
got lots to discuss today. We got the
Bulls here with us. We got the rational
bull, also known as Mr. Incredible Jeff
Lutz. We got the power bowl, the queen
Tesla Boomer Mama Alexander Mertz. And
we have the analytical, the master
investor, the man with the answers,
James from Invest Answers. All right,
let's kick it off to you first, James.
Um, there was supposed to be a war
today, but it's been rescheduled. Uh,
good good news. uh tell me what's going
to happen tomorrow and uh what are you
seeing about the talk about SpaceX, the
talk about Tesla's stock?
&gt;&gt; Yeah, there's a a whole bunch of things
are happening. Um let me see. Can I
share
a tab? Let me see if I can share a tab.
&gt;&gt; Let me see. Yes, I chart first. We
always look at the chart. Does that
work?
&gt;&gt; Sure.
&gt;&gt; Oh, not this. The chart.
Can you pop that?
&gt;&gt; Got it.
&gt;&gt; Awesome. There you go. So it's TA time.
Uh we saw something very strange happen.
We have nothing but good tailwinds
coming for Tesla day after day after
day. We see you know robo taxi ready to
explode and expand and all of a sudden
the stocks started selling off
aggressively a week ago. The reason was
obvious. People are raising liquidity to
buy SpaceX. And that's where that
another glorious dip, you know, straight
down from 420, 430 all the way down to
exactly, you'll see level five here,
380. That was a perfect kill zone. And
in full disclosure, I bought every day
since Friday last week. Every single day
bought handover fist dips because it was
so clear what was happening. Now, let's
get to the story. If we can go to the
slides for a second. I'm going to rant
if you don't mind. Okay,
&gt;&gt; go for I I was at the liquidity event
with the all-in pod guys a week ago. The
number one term that everybody said was
go long Elon and there were some very
very big SpaceX investors there. We're
talking billions absolutely very large
players and asked them all the pointed
questions all the VCs all the top fund
managers are you going to sell? They
said no no you go long Elon the easiest
way to get get rich quick is just give
him your money and let him allocate it.
And then people are losing their minds
because we're going to have a trillion
dollar man which is 3x more than the
next richest person on the planet and
they don't understand why. But look at
the wealth he's creating. Anyway, enough
of that. What is kind of crazy is the
EDS is at all-time highs. Okay? And I
thought people were smart. Even really
smart intelligent analysts are losing
their mind. A couple of ones are coming
around like Ross Gerbal. He came back to
SpaceX. That was a big surprise. That's
a sign of intelligence. Well done to
Ross. Now, this is a great edge for us
and I want people to listen to. Don't
listen to those that are easily diluted.
Okay, this is our edge. Listen to the
very smart people in the room. Look at
the people at this table, except for me,
of course, but the others are all very
smart. That's the key. And I've been
doing this for 35 years, 36 years. If
you asked me in 1990, would it be harder
or easier to invest? This is a question
that occurred to me today as my car was
driving me through a big fire on the
101. Would it be easier to invest in
1990 or today? If you asked me in 1990,
I said it would be way harder to be a
good investor in the year 2026. As it
turns out, it's way easier because for
some reason we have information symmetry
and everybody's brain is broken. So that
was my intro. I just want to kick it off
there before you go into the quant
regarding exactly what happened to Tesla
stock price and what's going to happen
next and what's going to happen to
SpaceX tomorrow because it is
fascinating. It was like,
"Pinch me, I'm dreaming." Because
anybody agree with what I'm trying to
say, Alexandra?
&gt;&gt; Of course we do. And and I mean, where I
agree because I'm even older than you,
James, is um if you have studied Elon
for the last 15, 20 years, he has done
it. He has proven to do it. He is the
leanest meanest capital allocator there
is. and to doubt.
In 1990, you would not have had one
rising star on the horizon that you
could, you know, that you could study
with 15, 20 years of successful history
and now say I go into this IPO or like
me, I stay in Tesla because I know they
will merge or whatever. You really, we
have this privilege. We have this
privilege to witness these times. It's
it's great. Now getting back quickly to
your Elon derangements syndrome, they
come in waves and at the moment they're
very motivated. And why do I think
they're very motivated? I think there
are lots of people that will play
SpaceX option and will be short sellers
in the next three, four, five weeks.
They have studied like us these lock up
periods and these index funds whatever
but they think there is money to be made
because there will be high liquidity. So
that's why they're out there. They are
out there because they want to break
retail.
Make everybody worried.
Get them 15 minutes of glory if they're
right, which I don't think they will,
but they're trying to prepare for that.
I've never seen so many fake accounts in
my name. I'm cleaning up every day
between two and three and sometimes even
four accounts. I have to be careful
because you can only do three in 24
hours. So I have to have always my stock
ready of the next ones. So there are
fake people out there. There are people
pretending to be us. There are people
working actively with journalists on
negative articles and then you know the
bulls are never asked. This is crazy
times. This is really crazy times. And
and then just for one last anecdote. So
I was contacted beginning of this week
by Bloomberg. I'll be on their uh TV
channel tomorrow at 8:40 or something
like that, but also by BBC. And then I
always answer the same thing. I said,
I'm most happy to come, but I want to
know which journalist, what topic, how
is it set up? Do I have if it's recorded
and not played, can you please give me a
last review of the stuff that you're
finally cutting before you publish it? I
mean, I've learned how to manage media,
right? And so, I'm I'm doing all that.
Once I did that with BBC, nobody on the
horizon anymore. as it was with CNBC
couple of weeks ago. So, you very
quickly know what tone they're going to
go for because if you want to double
check on them, they're just gone. So,
that's not true with Bloomberg.
Bloomberg has always been correct with
me. Well, then life, they're always very
aggressive live and I don't mind that. I
I mean, I can I have replies, right? We
can differ in opinion, but at least
they're not playing this game that they
take sound bites out of their context
when they when they publish it. And
that's really the my line where I'm not
going. So anyway, they're out in masses.
Buckle up.
&gt;&gt; So, okay, let me let me understand what
you guys are saying because there's no
doubt there is Elon derangement
syndrome. There's no doubt that there's
a huge group of people, like you said,
the the media is out there trying to
bash this. But it's also true, isn't it?
That maybe you tell me if it's right or
wrong that this SpaceX IPO is four times
overs subscribed. That is the latest
data. I don't know if I can trust that.
Four times over subscribed.
&gt;&gt; Way more.
&gt;&gt; And they calculated somebody said that
the retail which is only 30% of share or
allow a allotment will be 30% to retail
75 billion already like it's equivalent
to the total amount that they want to
get. That doesn't count the big
institutions. What is it? Vanguard said
five billion or some big everybody's
calling
&gt;&gt; Black Rockck. No, no, it's
&gt;&gt; Black Rockck saying they're going to do
five billion. Ron Baron said he wants to
do 1 billion. So, yes, there's a lot of
hate, but this is not what the numbers
are showing.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. So, and it's the Saudis that want
a huge allotment. So what happened and I
I mean I I can only imagine those last
minute discussions but there are some
people that want to purchase large large
lots that are institutions that are
putting pressure on Elon and on SpaceX
saying I want that much. So initially
the the game was that retail should get
30%. They cannot give retail 30% because
there's just not enough for those big
institutions and they have to massage
them. they need them again, especially
if my theory is right that the merger is
coming. So, um there are currently all
these shenanigan um discussions going on
and from what I hear on CNBC just a
couple of hours ago is that the retail
part will be only 20%. That is still by
by far much more than anything ever ever
happened before. I don't think they will
allocate 30% to retail anymore just
because there is not enough out there.
How much is out there? Well, 75 billion
with um the green show maybe 83 billion,
but that's it. There's not more. And so
there we are. We heard first numbers. I
think I shared those with you. Uh
somebody at Mariel
got asked for 3,700 shares, got 700. So
that's a little bit less than 20%. I
don't know. Did anybody here hear
anything? I think Schwab also came out
the numbers.
&gt;&gt; I I know a guy I think at UBS he
probably has 100 million there. They
said they could get him a 100 shares.
&gt;&gt; So yeah, big uh
&gt;&gt; banks don't have access.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, we are live streaming this right
now at uh what is it? 200 pm Pacific
time on Thursday. If you had asked for a
lotment of Tesla, SpaceX stock, you
should go check right now to actually
make sure that you can affirm that you
want that whatever they give you the
allotment. It's happening now and
definitely by 7:00 p.m. tonight all the
way to 7:00 a.m. That's the window.
You've got to do it now. Thank you to
Scott Walter. He had asked me to make
sure that everybody out there who wants
to buy SpaceX IPO, you go check tonight
or now to see if you've been allotted uh
the shares.
&gt;&gt; And I already affirmed on Schwab as
well. Uh it popped up first. I know that
Fidel is
&gt;&gt; Yeah, Fidel.
You make your order last week and you
affirm after well as of an hour ago I
think and you can affirm just basically
confirm you want to buy it and you got
to make sure you got the money in your
account and different accounts have
different rules. So for example Schwab
won't let you use margin
you got to have cash in your account. So
for obvious reasons Jeff what do you
make of all of this?
&gt;&gt; Did they already give you the number?
Sorry to interrupt you. No numbers yet.
Now that they have the confirmation,
they take they tally up all the demand
and then they allocate accordingly. So,
we'll get that I think 7 a.m. tomorrow
or something maybe.
Hey, um for I love the intro. I
look there is I I agree there and I I
post about it a lot. There's a lot of
disinformation, a lot of things to work
through. By the way, there's
disinformation
on both sides of the equation. There's
bullish information out there that's
incorrect as well. Just to talk through
that, but I I just think that if you
want to clear your head on some of these
things, I think you think about the
thesis behind these things, you should
really understand the bull and the bear
side. This this is an N of one to me. N
equal one kind of thesis which if you
look at these different areas and this
is where uh this Elon derangement
syndrome the media and this is where I I
think you really I agree with James you
can really get uh a bit of alpha if
you're listening to the right people
that are are willing to have a balanced
conversation on on both sides of it
because on one side of the conversation
you can talk about mi missed milestones
and certain things that aren't
happening. But on the other side of the
equation,
these companies are really in this n of
one. When I say n equal one, that means
there's there's nobody else that's doing
all of these businesses at the level at
the economics. So at the scale and at
the economics that's happening and Tesla
and SpaceX actually have a lot of
similarities when you think of scale and
you think of economics. the the products
that are designed are designed for scale
and they're designed for economics for
the most part. If you look at the major
product lines at Tesla and if you look
at the major product line at SpaceX,
whether it's Starlink or whether it's
Starship, everything is designed for
mass for mass scale. And he's really in
an N equal one space. So when you say go
long Elon, you have to look at like well
where's the competition and how far away
are they? And that's where the
distortion really comes into play
because I was listening to CNBC and the
and the anchor who is really detest Elon
and anything related to his companies
starts talking about competitors that
aren't as close as what the way he
described them objectively on any
measure. And he even described BYD as
surpassing Tesla and and uh Whimo as
surpassing Tesla.
And I think what the viewers and just
people didn't understand is like there
can be competition, but if you look at
the scale and the economics of what
they're what he's building, he's really
in Nqual one territory. And that's when
you're in that territory, you're you're
delivering the project in a way where
there can be some bit of ambiguity about
the schedule, but the results at the end
are very difficult for others to catch.
And I think that's really important when
you start thinking about these things.
And it and it brings me back to 2012. Uh
the first time I walked through a Tesla
factory, uh it was part of just kind of
an information exchange thing. uh
between between us and and the company I
worked at and Tesla and I was some
interesting takeaways from that and then
a couple months later I went like what
is this car this Model S I as he and I
test drove I'm like wow this is unlike
anything I've ever driven and it was the
same N equal one kind of conversation
but anyway I I go back to it and that's
to me the the core thesis of all this
the scale the economics and N equal one
meaning there really isn't anything like
it and if if you really think through
and have the objective conversation. At
the same time, you should walk through
the bare thesis of anything that you're
you're having thing. But anyway, this is
a very interesting time.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. The notion that that that this is
very unique that no one else can do what
SpaceX is uh able to do. I think most
people are hear a lot of people are
hearing that enough that's why they're
bidding up the shares. And the question
is is it over frenzy? probably. Will it
go up and it'll go down? Yeah, very
much. Um,
&gt;&gt; I agree with you. I think it's over I
think the sentiment right now is overly
positive and a bit like crazed and built
up. I I would agree with that. I I don't
I don't think we're in the Tesla is
there going to be a SpaceX queue? I
guess there's going to be a SpaceX
queue. Uh I don't think we're in the
Tesla queue of like, oh, this thing's
going bankrupt and uh we're not in that
stage right. We're in this bit of a
euphoria stage. But I think it's really
important uh as that balances out as
Alexandra was kind of talking about um
is to really have that objective
conversation about the the the bull and
bear side of it.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; And especially the first five trading
days I would say. So tomorrow and then
Monday to Thursday, Thursday could
already be better. There is no index
funds buying. Okay. So what is happening
now and and the option traders will hit
in probably early as Tuesday. could be
Wednesday. Okay. So between now and next
Friday which is closed because it's
Junth. So I do suspect between now and
the Monday in 10 days there will be a
lot of
volatility in there because it is just
the 555
million million shares. Sorry I'm like
million billion trillion
million. No, no SpaceX shareholder prior
to the IPO is able to sell. So, it would
only be the people who bought it at 135
or higher. So, you Yes, it'll be
volatile, but it's I mean, maybe I'm
wrong. Is it likely it'll go below 135?
&gt;&gt; Yeah, everything is possible, of course,
especially until the index buying
because that will be sustained buying.
That will be a real floor. But between
now and the index buying which may
happen on the Thursday 18th or on the
Monday 22nd because it should be on the
19th but that is a bank holiday. So I
don't know whether they pull it forward
or bring it bring it to the Monday. Um
but it's um up to that moment yes there
are 555 million shares out there that
are tradable and uh and they will be
traded. They I mean I do believe that a
lot of people buy these as historia or
want to hold them forever. But I also
believe there are and and I do believe
all the big institutions like Black
Rockck like the Saudi um sovereign
wealth fund uh like these family offices
they are not doing it for trading. You
got to be kidding. I mean they don't
trade stock. They trade maybe options or
whatever but they are not the stock they
hold is for them a a major long-term
investment. So the the ones that are
trading it is retail. I think retail
there will be people in there. If we hit
180 or 200, we'll say, "Okay, enough.
I've had it and I'm throwing it back in
there. Maybe I can catch it later at a
at a lower at a lower price." But there
will be that initial week and and you
know, I know it sounds crazy because
it's only 4.3% of the float, but it is
555 million shares. So because this is
such a huge market gap. This is a huge
number of shares and there can be a lot
of trade and especially the volatility
will actually come here from
the rarity of the liquid shares. If of
those 55 555 million half are not resold
that brings the float even lower. And so
if there is a movement, I don't know.
Finally, there is a war in Iran or there
is no more war in I I don't know. It's
just any external event that has nothing
to do with Elon, nothing to do with
SpaceX, but it's still happening. This
price could as much go up $100 as down
$50, right? That that's just people have
to know about it. This is a highly
volatile stock for a while.
&gt;&gt; So, let me let me take my point of view
as to how it works. If you could pop up
this slide here real quick, Herbert.
Slide 20. This is the sovereign wealth
funds. We covered that. They are
scrambling and they easily have5 to$15
billion maybe$20 billion and you you you
know there's so many wealthy families
that are trying to get a piece of this.
So first of all imagine it pops straight
to 160 at the IPO when it opens. I have
159 as my opening target not 135. So
it's easily going to pop to 160 maybe a
lot higher than that if there is mean
rever inversion which there will be over
the coming days before the indexes come
that and it gets anywhere close to 135
the 80% or 81 82% that didn't get
fulfilled from retail and the funds in
Japan and South Korea and Middle East
that didn't get fulfilled. What are they
going to do? They're going to buy that
dip up. Exactly. And the retail is going
to buy that dip up. The demand is
insatiable because they know who the
best capital allocator on the world is.
Okay. So for all the people out there
saying you're going to get wrecked. It's
going to go to zero. It's like yeah
idiots. Like really I I'm getting really
tired of the level of intelligence out
there from supposedly pretty clever
people. And it's it's funny. I I would
always block them and mute them, but
Jeff always mentions it's important to
listen to the bears. That right, Jeff?
truth.
&gt;&gt; I mean, sometimes for entertainment
value, sometimes you learn something
that you didn't know, but yeah. Um, I I
think the balance is good, but there's a
lot of bad information out there.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. So, I do have some modeling,
Herbert, for you because your story is
when will Tesla rebound?
If you're interested in that, we could
jump into that. Let's go to slide nine
real quick and then I'll hand it over to
you guys. But this is the big question.
So we had the liquidity drained from the
SpaceX IPO. A lot of people are not
liquid right now. The economy is not
strong. If you're a retail investor,
you're strapped for cash. I've been
strapped for cash for quite some while.
I had to figure out very clever ways to
raise money so I could deploy into this
IPO. But considering 81% of the asks,
imagine you're trying to buy 100 SpaceX
shares. You sell 50 Tesla shares to get
the money for 100. Just hypothetically
speaking, you might get 19 if you're
lucky. If you're with SoFi, you might
get one. If you're with who knows, E
Trade, Schwab, Fidelity, Fidelity
probably not going to get that much. And
I heard a rumor that the big accounts at
Schwab aren't going to get a lot because
they're trying to save it for the little
guy. I don't know. But the point is all
of that capital that was sold over the
last seven days for Tesla took the Tesla
price down 40 bucks. And I said last
night in a post, it's going to rebound
today because it's too late. It's too
late to make an allocation, too late to
raise capital. And people will start to
realize, I'm not going to be able to get
fulfilled. I'm not going to be able to
buy $100 worth of SpaceX shares or
$1,000 worth or a million dollars worth
or whatever it is. That capital is going
to go right back to Tesla and the price
will rebound straight back to 420440
in the coming days. That's the first
part. the odds and today we've just
already had a $18 day. So you could
argue some of the bounce has already
happened. This one here, you know, four
distinct scenarios. Imagine the modest 8
to 12 billion in selling will cause that
6% drop or whatever. High rotation FOMO
peak 10 to 15% drop. But all that is
coming back. And the simple thing, this
is the easiest orb I've seen in the
world. I tried to put a very simple
illustration as to what's going to
happen by the end of this year. So, I do
believe SpaceX market cap will easily
get to 2.2 trillion. It could be 2.2
trillion tomorrow by the or tomorrow by
the way by close of business.
&gt;&gt; I love this chart. I've been saying this
for three months. I love
&gt;&gt; No, but you guys have different reasons.
Uh James does not believe that there's
going to be an acquisition. He just
thinks in general Tesla stock will go up
because of robo taxi. No, I I believe
there will be they they will the
arbitrage opportunity I see is their
assets should both equate each other one
way or another because the next 5 years
will be on fire.
&gt;&gt; If there's no acquisition, why are you
saying that?
&gt;&gt; Because this is what's going to happen.
Imagine you have two assets to invest
in. You want to go long Elon.
Which one is the cheapest?
Are you going to buy the $2.2 trillion
SpaceX or the $ 1.5 trillion Tesla? So
my thesis is by the end of the year
assuming by the way SpaceX is 2.2
trillion which would probably be by the
close of business tomorrow but imagine
by the end of the year bare case it's
2.2 it doesn't really go anywhere which
is not going to happen by the way but
that means Tesla will gravitate towards
that which means the market cap of Tesla
will go towards 2.2 2 trillion which
means the delta in share price is 200
bucks and my target price for Tesla by
the end of the year bare case is 587
assuming the cyber cab starts scaling
this is nothing to do with the merger as
you know the merger won't happen for a
long time it's going to take a long time
to put that thing to bed but that's for
Alex now I'm all for the merger but the
merger will have to happen at a premium
so either way okay one asset is worth
more than the other. One asset's
cheaper. Even a caveman would know which
one to buy. That's the thesis here. So,
&gt;&gt; and I completely agree. But listen to me
two seconds. I mean, I've said it so
many times. I can do it quickly now.
&gt;&gt; Between July 7 and August 15th, they
will announce the merger.
&gt;&gt; They can.
&gt;&gt; Alexandra's theory. They can because
that doesn't mean it's consummated. They
can. I I checked the S1. I checked with
lawyers. they can July 7th is good and
then I think it happens between July 7th
and August 15th that doesn't means it's
consummated it's consummated somewhere
in Q1 or Q2 2027 after the shareholder
vote in October November I think it's
early November and after the regulators
thank heavens all pro Elon are going to
give their their yes statements that
there a couple of complications but I
think we'll get all those hurdles and
then once that is done if it goes super
quick it will be Q1 if it goes normal
more fast it will be Q2. Okay. But what
happens is as of the moment of arbitrage
of of announcement, you're completely
right. That's when the arbitrage takes
place. That's when people say, "Okay, so
now this one is, let's use your example,
2.2 trillion. This one has to become
straight away 2.2 million because it's
going to be a merger of equals. There is
no way he will get the shareholder vote
if it's not at least at equal market
cap." and then it will move in lock step
except if the market anticipates that
the shareholder vote doesn't go through
or the regulators go don't go through
and what does that mean it won't in in
lock step well as we know end of August
there will be the roadster it will pull
both then we know that there will be the
cyber cap news it will
&gt;&gt; exactly so that's why the good news will
come pouring in between August and
November
&gt;&gt; yeah and that's why I'm already playing
the orb of what's coming. We both agree
violently on what's going to happen. The
place where we break down is the
timeline. That's it. Jeff, you're the
arbiter of this debate.
I'm in the camp that if you look at the
the way Elon moves and decisions he does
on these he moves. I think he's going to
move quickly. I don't think he I think
he's going to figure out a way to move
quickly. I know there's a regulator
piece of this. There's other there's
other things to this, but you have
midterms. You have a lot of things that
are out there floating.
And my gut is that he's going to move
quickly. And I do think that I don't say
that there's staging, but there's
definitely going to be a lot of strange
coincidence as these products are
announced. Just like the terapab was
announced as kind of a culmination of
Tesla and SpaceX engineering. Just like
the solar um 100 gigawatt is both of
them. All of a sudden the roadster is
going to is both of them. All of a
sudden Optimus is both of them. It just
feel like wow. I keep hearing the same
thing over and over again. And I think
these things are going to be out and
revealed over the next one to two
months. And I think robo taxi is going
to sc to me the ro the robo taxi
deployments in all the cities are like
preparing for a new product ramp in a
factory and the factories are all these
cities and you wouldn't bring material
into those factories if you didn't think
you were going to forward deploy. This
is the same way that Tesla manages
inventory
across their base. And I know I know
there's there's some uncertainty with AI
models and with getting this right, but
I think they know where they're at and I
think they're very close. So, I'm kind
of in both camps. I think Tesla can get
there on their own uh just by their own
catalyst. By the way, I saw somebody
posting the other day that Tesla has no
real catalyst in front of them and I
just wanted to like that just blew me
away. I think this quarter that we're in
right now just being very tactical is an
extremely strong quarter on auto sales.
I think energy I I I think they're going
to have a very strong quarter. And
there's there's catalysts that are out
there that have nothing to do with Tesla
like the the price of oil. But um I I I
I go back to the those catalysts plus
the product reveals and then the scaling
of robo taxi. I think organically I'm
with you James that they could it could
get there on their own but I do think
that Elon's going to move quickly on
this announcement that the question is
is when could it be consummated?
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Either way the the the point the
reason why we make videos for everybody
here uh and Herbert thank you for all
you do and all you organize every single
day is to help the retail investor.
Do not listen to any of the BS out there
especially when it's from a Wall Street
analyst. 95% of them are absolutely
terrible. The media terrible. The
so-called experts living in their mom's
basement on Twitter, terrible. Just be
careful who you listen to.
&gt;&gt; They have an agenda. They have an I want
to manip manipulate you.
&gt;&gt; And the agenda is probably hatred first
and foremost. Then it's piss and
vinegar. Then it's god knows what other
crazy reason. Just be careful who you
listen to. Look at the people that know
how to make money. That's it. So rant. I
think one of the biggest signs that
happened this week uh that shows that
Tesla is going to scale robo taxi like
big time is uh this happened on Monday
where they officially applied for an
autonomous vehicle network company
permit in Nevada. But look, they're
asking for 5,000 robo taxis during the
first 12 months after the permit is
granted. That number seems a little bit
high to ask for that much to be
permitted right off the bat. right off
the bat, you know.
&gt;&gt; Well, that
Jeeoff, you countered this in a video I
saw with Herb the other day.
&gt;&gt; You said, "No, you don't mess with
regulators."
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; If you say up to 5,000, you're not going
to come out with max of 500 cuz then
they'll never trust you again.
&gt;&gt; True. Well, not only not only that, you
wouldn't you wouldn't just make the
number arbitrarily high knowing that
that could potentially create other
roadblocks for you that if you really
were planning for 500 or a,000, you
wouldn't set a number in there that's
arbitrarily high uh as well because that
could cause some delays in your permit
approval. So,
&gt;&gt; that was a very telling thing for me. I
know people are trying to blow it off
for whatever reason. It's weird. That's
one and a half times the size of the
nationwide fleet of Whimo. And now
that's a moving target, too, because
they're going to continue growing and
they're doing fine. But I think what
what people are trying to equate is
they're trying to equate T equals0 to
the exact same starting point. Like we
started like these robo taxi companies
started at the same time and they
didn't. Now Tesla is conf it's been
confusing for a bit because they're
behind their own published deployment
milestones, but at some point those two
lines are going to they're going to
depart. The the the competitor line and
the Tesla line and the slope of the
Tesla line, the way that they're going
out for permitting and the way that
they're deploying these cars in cities,
it looks like they want to have a slope
that's out of this world. And one thing
as well, Herbert, you may have missed.
Uh they also applied for a place called
Reno where they have the factories and
sparks and stuff for the semi. Not for
5,000. I didn't see the number, but they
are launching it in Reno, Nevada as
well. It's kind of far from Vegas.
&gt;&gt; Semi or a robo taxi?
&gt;&gt; No robo taxi.
&gt;&gt; What? How do I miss that one?
&gt;&gt; Yeah,
&gt;&gt; I don't miss these things.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. So, it's not not just Vegas. Vegas
is huge. Because there was a question in
the comments about if there is a merger
does Elon preserve his super voting
rights of course he will support he will
have his super voting rights. Now we
don't know the conditions of a merger
but if it is one for one he will end up
with 69%.
&gt;&gt; 69.420
&gt;&gt; voting rights
&gt;&gt; voting
&gt;&gt; voting rights because he goes down to
32% right or 34 35%.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. And and this this leads me to my
other point as well regarding the
merger. Shareholders,
especially the staunchy oldfashioned
ones, they don't want him having that
level of control. So they will say no to
the merger to a large extent. So it's
got a human
&gt;&gt; except Vanguard and Black Rockck. I
think he is massaging if you and that's
one of the things I want to see tomorrow
who gets stuff. The Saudi um fund I'm
not surprised they helped him out with
Twitter when that purchase was there and
whatever. They were always there. So, I
think they're getting a favor, but we
will see who gets tomorrow the
allocations they asked for because those
are the ones
&gt;&gt; he wants to keep happy. And the other
thing is I was so
&gt;&gt; can I say pissed off without Herbert
being pissed off?
&gt;&gt; That that Goldman became that Goldman
became underwriter and that Schwab
became one of the distributors. I had
them here. My gosh, it's been three
years fighting these guys if not more.
&gt;&gt; And then I calmed down. That happens
sometimes. And then I thought, yeah,
they need he needs them. He needs them
for that 50% Tesla vote on the on the
merger. So that he's and you you saw
that he got investment grade from the
from the rating agencies
that he usually doesn't spend. He hates
these guys as much as I do. But this
time he put the money on the table
because he wants everybody in that
basket. Everybody will be massaged until
that shareholder vote is in.
&gt;&gt; And there's two other interesting things
as well that I noticed geopolitically.
The Asians like the Japanese and the
Koreans don't have EDS and the Middle
Easterns don't have EDS. And the other
thing is when you add up the value, the
combined value of Tesla and SpaceX,
you're looking at 8% of the S&amp;P 500.
Okay, Treadfi, Wall Street, etc. can no
longer be the enemy of this guy. He's
way too big and too powerful. So that's
my other thesis.
&gt;&gt; What's the likelihood? I I think it's
low, but you tell me that SpaceX buys
Tesla for $420.
Uh funding secured,
&gt;&gt; which we would all be pissed if he
bought it for 420. We'd like
&gt;&gt; 2018 was that.
&gt;&gt; He doesn't know the price. He doesn't
know the price. He's They are going to
watch. So again, I don't think anything
happens for a month, for four weeks.
Okay. Then we have July 7th, the NASDAQ
inclusion. That's after the weekend of
the 4th of July, 250 years of America.
Isn't that a beautiful moment? And then
from then to the earnings call, end of
July is my strongest conviction. At that
moment, can I say whether it's on the
8th or on the 28th? I have no idea. But
I actually believe it's the market cap
of SpaceX then that will make him pull
the trigger. If that market cap is
skyhigh, we may have it early. If it's
not, well, we'll have so many good news
before that earnings call let it go out.
I think that July, I mean, anybody who
goes on vacation to Korea in July is
crazy. It's crazy. Herbert,
&gt;&gt; is that a stab at Herbert?
&gt;&gt; Yes. I won't be here. Biggest moment in
Teslas and SpaceX history ever. And I'm
like, not here.
&gt;&gt; Of course, you can jump on a phone
anytime.
We may win the war too by
&gt;&gt; he told us he's not he's not there. He's
not coming. James, we will have to James
and Jeff this whole thing by oursel and
he gets the money.
&gt;&gt; I got the money.
&gt;&gt; That's how he gets to go on vacation.
&gt;&gt; He gets the money.
&gt;&gt; I'm taking my family, guys. I planned
this a year ago. All right. Uh
&gt;&gt; it's okay.
&gt;&gt; So that's that's I I you know this is
sounding good. So So Alexander's been
saying this. I think you were the lone
voice. I think you've you've convinced a
few of us that maybe that they'll
announce it even earlier than most
people are saying. Most people are
saying no, they won't be announcing it
for a long time. And James, you still
think that they will not even announce
it at all. Right. Is that where you're
still at?
&gt;&gt; The merger.
&gt;&gt; Yes.
&gt;&gt; Not until 2027.
&gt;&gt; That they won't announce it until 2027.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; You're going to send too much going on
over next month.
&gt;&gt; You sent me roses if I'm right. Right.
&gt;&gt; I missed that. You're going to send me
roses if I'm right.
&gt;&gt; Absolutely. And and another golden cyber
truck. Whatever you want. No problem.
Roadster maybe.
&gt;&gt; Whatever I want.
&gt;&gt; Okay. Let me see. We should do a poll
here. A lot of people are asking as well
what their IPO fill percentage will be.
If they ask for 100 shares, will they
get a 100 shares? If they ask for
answers, whatever the answer is,
everybody, hate to burst your bubbles,
&gt;&gt; you'll be lucky. If you order a 100
shares, you'll be lucky to get 19. And
if you are with a crummy brokerage,
you'll probably get less. So start
deploying that capital if you have any
leftover.
&gt;&gt; Was there any truth to the rumors
&gt;&gt; without being important get even less? I
think retail 19 20% would be great if
that holds, but I think the worst ones
are the ones having like a million out
there and hoping for 20% and are not in
any way significantly important to to
Elon. they'll probably have even less.
&gt;&gt; Alexander, there was a rumor that Erade
came out and said that if you are a
10-year holder of Tesla that you get
priority. Is that true?
&gt;&gt; That is true. I mean, I I know of people
that signed up for that. I haven't heard
from them today whether they did get
more allocation than the others. We'll
see this afternoon. You know, there's so
much moving parts now. We'll have to
wait until everybody has confirmed how
much they finally get. So, first do your
affirmation and then in a couple of
hours, maybe even as late as tomorrow
morning, you will hear how much of that
was filled.
&gt;&gt; Okay, let's talk Tesla stock. Um SpaceX,
the the big milestone, of course, is if
SpaceX does announce acquisition of
Tesla July, and we're talking next month
already. If that happens, that could
make Tesla stock pop probably the most.
robo taxi rollout. Uh we don't know.
We've all been waiting for so long. Many
of us are gunshy to say anything. It's
been sitting there, but the signs are
that they're holding it up or they're,
you know, things are moving well or
they're preparing well. Is there any
truth to the idea that look, you want to
wait till SpaceX IPOs because you don't
want a big accident happening prior to
that. So maybe they said, you know what,
we're still working on our safety. We
want to get everything settled. Let's
not roll out CyberCab until post SpaceX
IPO. Now that the IPO is going to be
done tomorrow, a few things can actually
roll out. Is that
&gt;&gt; Yeah, I think I think that's definitely
a reason why to stall the roll out. I
also I'm probably 50 to 60% sure they're
going to definitely launch something at
at least some of the cities where they
have that some soccer event that's
happening, Houston, etc. I do expect uh
a big splash to happen there because
even though Elon Musk is no Steve Jobs
when it comes to marketing, he's
probably second best. He knows how to
time things and that would be a big
splash. But I would advise them maybe
just do run the cars before the event
starts, but you don't want to be in the
streets afterwards after seeing what
happens in some cities after soccer
events.
&gt;&gt; I I'm actually thinking that this
weekend something will happen.
&gt;&gt; When does the soccer even begin? I don't
even know. Well, it's next weekend. It's
already the the World Cup
&gt;&gt; happening.
We just had Mexico, South Africa. We had
it.
&gt;&gt; Oh, wow.
&gt;&gt; Mhm. In the US. It's happening like next
week. Um,
&gt;&gt; but
this weekend they could do something
already. Like I said, if this true would
this wait till the SpaceX IPO happens
and then do you guys think, you kind of
alluded to it, James, that you think
that there is a halo effect. The people
who are excited about SpaceX now look at
Tesla when they didn't look at it
before.
&gt;&gt; They look at my little chart there. It's
like, look, okay, Tesla's going to be a
faster horse. They're both going to be
great. And as Alexander says, they'll
move in lock step at some stage. But
there's a $200 ARB right now. Easy.
Easy. And I'll take that to the bank.
And that's what I'm playing. That's why
I've been buying Tesla handover fist
both. You You're buying both SpaceX and
Tesla. Some people are saying, "I'm not
connected with SpaceX. I'm just
&gt;&gt; I've deployed allocations across Robin
Hood, Fidelity, and Schwab. I don't know
what's going to hit. Um I'm hoping and
that'll be like my forever bag that I'll
just keep. So, I I trade a lot, but I
sometimes I build a little position and
it's kind of
historic to own a little piece of an IPO
this early. So, we'll see what happens.
But I do expect because I'm an options
trader once things settle down over the
next 60 days I will be plating some op
trade placing some options trades. So a
little bit of equity but most of my
trading will be on options and of course
stacking the cheapest horse which is
Tesla
right now.
Okay, let's move on. One more Tesla news
that happened this week that was
important. Um FSE is approved in
Belgium. Ministry of Transport announced
it. Anuk Ditter, this is her letter. Uh,
of course it was approved in Denmark
just a few days ago. It's accelerating
how long it takes for each of these
countries to be approved now. So now
it's Denmark as well. So Belgium,
Netherlands, Denmark, Lithuania, and
Estonia now all have approved it at this
point. And then uh this is interesting.
Just in one day there is 10 more robo
taxis that are registered by the T Texas
DMV. So that's
These are jumps.
&gt;&gt; And they're unsupervised, weren't they?
&gt;&gt; These are the unsupervised ones.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. But if you look at the scale of
how many of the I I don't know where Joe
Tegmire is. I used to love watching his
flyovers. It's my guilty pleasure every
day. But I think he's more interested in
rockets these days. But the cyber cabs
are still coming out of the factory. And
the parking lots have like I counted the
Houston one 133 cars of which over 20
were cyber cabs. They're not going to
let them sit there for 30 to 60 days rot
in the heat. Are they Jeff?
&gt;&gt; No. That's why I think in the next two
to my prediction is the next two to six
weeks you're going to see some major
deployments happening unless again a new
problem arises.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Will version 15 be ready by then?
Is that what they're waiting for or can
they go before?
&gt;&gt; No, I don't think they're waiting for
that. I think I So I think there's a
difference between Elon volume scale and
where we're at right now. Like 69 cars
is kind of a prototypy thing if you want
to if you want to be on the kind of the
constructive side of this conversation.
It's kind of all right. Uh not a lot.
So, but between 69 cars and Elon's
thinking Elon wants to change
transportation. He wants to change the
cost per mile of transportation. He
wants to change the decision in your
household. Are you buying the second car
or are you using ride share? And that
decision is hundreds of thousands and
eventually millions of vehicles. And
that's where I think he's at on version
15. And and it will take them to that
point. It will take them that period of
time to get the cyber cab production to
that rate anyway. But between now and
then, there could be many tens of
thousands of cyber cabs built. And and I
think that's I think there's people just
talking past each other on this. I think
the investing public, the media, if they
see
10,000 cyber cabs, 12,000, and and the
other guys at 3 3500 to 4,000, I think
it's going to start setting in with
people of like, oh, this is this is a
whole different ballgame. H and this is
why it's stunning to me that the
mainstream media don't take five minutes
to study the magic trick that is Whimo
or the lack of scalability and the fact
that it is will never be economically
feasible. That takes me back.
Uh yes, it's okay to have multiple
players in an arena, but the the
analytics of unit economics that that
really breaks down in media. Like
there's never really a conversation
about that in media. Media is strictly
revenue, EPS, gross margins, and the
gross margins could come in many
different many different ways. But when
you get to the core fundamental product
design, like can it scale and can it
meaningfully scale and alter
transportation meaningfully? Um, so I I
just I don't think that that's well
understood and I don't think there's any
long- form discussions besides on
podcasts like this where you get into
that.
&gt;&gt; You know, I need to go back to SpaceX. I
I shake my head. Can you guys believe
it? We're at the eve of SpaceX IPO.
&gt;&gt; This is a company
&gt;&gt; tomorrow. That show's tomorrow. That
show is tomorrow.
&gt;&gt; What?
&gt;&gt; Our live show are we talking about?
&gt;&gt; No. Yeah, we're live streaming now. So,
we're not posting this tomorrow. No,
this is like we're the eve of SpaceX
IPO. SpaceX has taken what 20 plus years
&gt;&gt; for this to get to this point.
&gt;&gt; It's happening. Things are happening
faster and faster. We're now talking
about a SpaceX potential Tesla merger.
What at this point, like, you know,
maybe a month ago, there was a lot of
doubters. They said, "No, that's not
happening at all." Then all of a sudden
with the breadcrumbs where you can
actually see the lines in the amendment
and now more people are accepting this.
Is that the sense you guys have? I mean
it's not a guaranteed it's going to
happen but at this point there's a lot
more people who think that it might
happen than they did a month ago.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. I don't know how to measure that.
Um then maybe the conversation will
start ramping up. A lot of people are
any anybody in an official capacity is
just going to avoid
um that conversation. But I think it is
is the rhetoric heating up probably.
&gt;&gt; Quick update. I just heard of somebody
asked at Schwab 75 got 75.
&gt;&gt; Shar.
&gt;&gt; So maybe a small number you get.
&gt;&gt; I I was just wondering maybe he he's
confusing the confirmation.
&gt;&gt; The information. because they they don't
they didn't tell Schwab hasn't notified
people how much they got yet.
&gt;&gt; But I mean I just got that DM so I I can
only
&gt;&gt; possible
&gt;&gt; and also if so you know I think the
minimum account size is 100,000 for even
to be considered for Schwab.
So
&gt;&gt; account size. Yes.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; Not not purchased today, but account
size.
&gt;&gt; Let me see.
Now that's way too early. It's not
happening till tomorrow.
&gt;&gt; Is robo taxi and cybercap rollout the
only thing that the thing that matters
most for Tesla? It sounds like it is.
But is that the the one thing we need to
be watching out for in the next month?
&gt;&gt; But but version three and it's going to
be presented. You just wait between now
and the shareholder meeting. We're going
to see. Yeah, but I'll push back on that
one.
&gt;&gt; Roadster fly. We're going to see the
whole trick. The whole trick
&gt;&gt; Tesla has ever done a demo. Whether this
is a roadster, whether it's going to be
the optimist, it does nothing to the
stock. The stock does not maybe pop 24
hours and then it goes away because
these are just demos. People want to see
production. They want to see sales.
&gt;&gt; You forgot the good old times. Remember
those earnings calls when Elon was in
such a jolly good mood that the stock
popped afterwards? Oh, I don't know what
my camera just did. Am I still am I back
or not?
&gt;&gt; Yeah, I mean CEO sentiment during an
earnings call is absolutely tracked and
that does move the stock in the next day
and that during those hours but it
doesn't do it on a consistent basis over
months. Right James?
&gt;&gt; What happens is hype wears off just like
anything else. Like for example an
analogy which is going to be very crude
but I'll say it anyway. The Iran war on
again off again after the boy who cried
wolf 20 times. Nobody cares. It doesn't
even impact the markets anymore. You can
see missiles fly, the futures are up.
That that's just not normal. People just
get jaded. Same thing with the buzz. You
know, great earnings call, it fades
after 3 days. A bad earnings call, it
fades after three days. Everything
fades. Humans are like goldfish. They
don't remember anything more than three
days.
&gt;&gt; Herbert, I think there's three there's
three distinct things that are catalyst
coming up and they're in different
groups.
The things that will potentially move
the equity are more of the things that
will have that lasting effect. And I
think that would be Q2 earnings and a
larger robo taxi deployment. Not not a
permits emission, not a we we counted a
bunch of cars in a parking lot, but an
actual movement of of of robo taxi. I
think Q2 earnings
are again I I I think they're going to
be better than Q1 and I think they're
going to be better than the year prior
and I think there's going to be some
lasting effects that come out of that
and the the so that's the first thing I
think that first bucket that second
bucket is going to be FSD uh uh uptake I
think it's going to you're going to have
some meaningful uptake and I think the
analysts are going to fuse Q2 earnings
and then now more of Tesla's revenue
venue instead of coming in from bending
metal and shipping it all over the
world, it's coming in through software
and specifically AI, physical real world
AI. And I almost think Tesla should
actually have a they should actually
call it that in the earnings because
they're going to stand alone. They're
going to be very different than all the
other AI companies because they're going
to be the only ones that are shipping
when they ship robo taxi at scale and
then eventually Optimus. They're the
only ones that are going to hit a
revenue line of physical real world AI
products. So I think I think those are
move are potential movers. And then I do
agree with Alexander. I think these
demos are going to be a bit different
than before. The question is is if they
could tie some sort of deal around it.
So if the if it's the Optimus reveal and
then oh by the way the lights turn on
and there's 3,000 of them made and
they're being deployed into Tesla
factory next week. I think that would
have a a lasting effect. The Roadster
probably not. But very cool and it will
also tell the story of the SpaceX Tesla
fusion.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Tesla semi too. They're they're
beginning to sell them or at least
they're setting up to sell them across
Europe as well. The demand for these
things is off the hook. Like literally
California, you can get the California
state to pay for more than half of it
with the rebate and more than a thousand
have been applied for already. So these
things are going to sell like hotcakes.
&gt;&gt; We need start of production on the semi
and we need it. I agree with you James
when that starts showing up in the
production deliveries. So now you have
cars, semis, energy. I think that's
going to be, oh wow, they're in all
these different segments now. It's not
it's not this one. And oh, by the way,
they're getting this huge source of
revenue from AI. And and all of a
sudden, I think that's when the the the
rerating light turns on. And again,
Tesla's multiple has gotten a lot of
credit for some of this already. We
should keep that in mind.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Yeah. I think there's two more big
catalysts that we haven't talked about
yet that I'm suspecting is going to
happen. One is SpaceX side. You know,
they announced the anthropic deal. Then
a few days ago, they announced the
Google deal. Both near one is a 1.25
billion per month and the other one is
900 something almost a billion dollars a
month. I think that there's going to be
another one that they will announce and
I think they're waiting for a post IPO.
So maybe after, you know, POPs, they
want to show that. Okay. And I think
it's Microsoft, you know, some big
company saying, "Hey, I'm going to put
another billion dollars more because
they have capacity in Colossus 2." And
then the other one is MacroArt. This is
the biggest uh unknown at this point.
He's been saying that Macroard is
supposed to come out somewhere in June.
It hasn't. If it does, and it proves to
be, it makes waves, people go, "Okay,
there's something here. It's actually
going to start making money." Because
that's a joint project between SpaceX AI
and Tesla. and Ashok is in charge of
that and so I you know if and he just
did a presentation right so these things
if it comes out and I don't know if it's
going to be on time and it needs to make
a wow it's got to it got to say hey
we're in the game we're equal to
anthropics claude and we're cloud code
and we're equal to opening eyes codeex
we are in the game right now gro is not
and if they can show the cursor plus the
uh optim digital optimist is somewhere
decent really good or different then
that could move Tesla's stock because
that one is the the critical product
that's supposed to hit the $26.5
trillion
AI what of what SpaceX is
&gt;&gt; and and Tesla because they're they're
equal, right? They're they're both part
of the same project.
&gt;&gt; James, I have a question because you're
so much smarter than me. Would you in
the next two months with all this moving
parts and maybe my breadcrumbs are right
and maybe they are not would you still
do covered calls from one week to the
other or do you think the upside is just
too big to take that risk?
&gt;&gt; I don't do covered calls one week to the
other. I do them on big big mean
reversion spikes. So when things are
extremely overbought covered call
extremely oversold sell
&gt;&gt; not on a not on a cash generating.
&gt;&gt; No no I don't do that. I I don't ever
want to be
&gt;&gt; I don't ever want to be called out
&gt;&gt; everybody I I caution everybody to not
touch covered calls in July and August
and even now because you're right there
will be some arbitrage of okay I can't
get into SpaceX anymore it's been going
up so much let's go back into Tesla and
there will actually people that will
purchase Tesla as of tomorrow because
they didn't get their a lotment right
people are sitting on more cash than
they will probably need so between all
these factors the last thing I think I
want to do is I mean I don't cover calls
anyway but
&gt;&gt; and we've covered seasonality here in
this channel Herbert you and I for years
now. Uh the time for cover calls the
easy hunting is kind of January,
February, March, April, maybe a little
bit of May but the latter half of every
year for Tesla is off the hook. Nothing
but good news and surprises and the
strongest stock performance as well.
&gt;&gt; But this year will be even nuttier. And
Elon told us years ago, he said 2026
will be off the hook and 2027 will be
completely nuts or bonkers. I can't
remember his exact words, words to that
effect. So, and you guys know all the
catalysts. There's so much coming and
there's so much high margin business
coming and there's so much synergy
coming as well. And we haven't even
spoke about Terraab and the benefits for
Tesla from Terraabi down the line. and
his the way he talks about putting a
gigawatt in space and everything else
and building out these new AI satellites
&gt;&gt; terrible
&gt;&gt; and on top of plans he has to scale
things. I mean, he would he would be
foolish to talk with such confidence
unless there was a high degree of
conviction. And I'm going to go back to
you, Jeff, on this because you know
about building stuff and supply chains
and manufacturing and everything else.
Is he overly cocky or overly confident
or or can he pull this off?
&gt;&gt; Of course, he can pull it off. Like I
and I was saying earlier, it's a good
question.
When you're doing these N of one things
where nobody else has done it or nobody
else is doing it the way you're doing it
to achieve the kind of result you're
trying to do in the scale. What happens
is is when you're doing a product, you
have you're in a box. You have a
schedule box. You're in inside of the
box there's schedule cost. uh the
feature set and quality and you're
trying to optimize everything inside of
that box. So you ship the product you
want when you're going after these
insane products done either the
product's never been done before. It's
never been done the way you're doing it
to achieve the scale they're trying to
do. The the one corner of that box that
takes the biggest hit is the schedule
piece. It has the widest variance of it.
This is why, and I don't want to pick on
Apple, but this is why they can get you
the first off, they have an incredible
supply chain, but this is why they can
predict the launch date down to a few
weeks here or there, and they can have
an early launch in in September, and
then if there's a if there is some
lateness, this is why you see relaunches
of their products in October and
November is because they did run into a
problem. But in general, they're doing
iterative products and it's very
predictable. So the short answer is is
he is biting off a lot and he doesn't
necessarily know the schedules down to
the dates, but the only thing you can
kind of fault is like why put that out
in the media versus like put the
aggressive schedule on your team. But
you can't fault the results and uh and
I'm not going to go there either. But
yes, these are huge undertakings. And
the thing in that side of that box,
you're optimizing schedule, cost,
feature set, quality. The one, the first
one that takes the hit is the schedule
has the widest variance.
&gt;&gt; Yep. Great stuff.
&gt;&gt; You guys sound very optimistic about
Tesla in the next six months. Uh, but
you know,
&gt;&gt; Tesla and SpaceX,
but I mean, a lot of people have PTSD
with with Tesla's stock. Can you who
would have said that Tesla stock would
be $400
today?
&gt;&gt; Ex. That's why it's it's it's a dream to
stack, you know. It's like you you sell
the kitchen sink
&gt;&gt; through many years.
Everything's just about to come. But
they really are.
&gt;&gt; To me, it it makes sense. It's
frustrating, but it makes sense. We we
we're in 2026 and FSD is just about to
start getting to scale.
No, we lost you, Jeff. Maybe need your
Starlink.
We lost Jeff. Um do you know the the the
thing that keeps me going is like my
wife and I drive. We're FSD every day
and that's what you know you're going,
"Yeah, it's solved. It's been over a
year since I've had a disengagement and
it's just like anywhere I go. So, it's
like for me it's
&gt;&gt; I don't know you guys, but I can do
emails now. I put it on standard and for
five minutes I can do my emails. It's
not nagging me. It's not letting doing
anything and then there may come the
nag. At one point I look up, I look at
the road and crazy good. Crazy good. I'm
not writing this but those that listened
heard it. and and that version where
they extended the neg or removed the neg
or made it less u frequent is affecting
um all many many Tesla owners and so if
it was a problem there should have been
knock on wood major major accidents uh
left right and center but that's not
what we're seeing at this point FSA
supervised is still safer than not
having it on that's the data
Where did Jeff go?
&gt;&gt; Yeah, we lost them. I don't know if you
guys saw this, but uh some people were
wondering, these are the new Starlink.
&gt;&gt; Yep.
&gt;&gt; Um terminals. What's this, James? What's
this little
&gt;&gt; That's a router for wireless to extend
your radio in your house. So, you can
have one on your I've got I've got that
little guy, too, already as well.
&gt;&gt; Um I don't know the same version.
&gt;&gt; This is in the video that they did.
There's actually a Tesla D3 chip.
So it's like what Jeffoff was saying
that the the Tesla is showing up in
every place including SpaceX
&gt;&gt; and the where you guys hate is also
showing up
&gt;&gt; of an acquisition. I'm I'm at 90% where
are you Alexandra
&gt;&gt; on the acquisition happening
between July and August? No. Well, not
not July and August, but sometime this
year.
&gt;&gt; Oh, the announcement. Sometime this
year. I'm at 100%.
&gt;&gt; You're 100%.
&gt;&gt; I'm at I'm at 90% that it's between July
7th and August 15th. So,
&gt;&gt; you want to do this, James?
&gt;&gt; No, she bet. She already made a bet.
James, did you hear this?
&gt;&gt; She already made a bet. She She played
options. Tell
&gt;&gt; I did. I bought a package of the August
420 calls. I was going to send you a
message on that. Number one, don't buy
short-term options and don't buy them
out of the money. That's dangerous.
&gt;&gt; I mean, 420, come on. 420, we're not
that
&gt;&gt; Oh, you're you're going to be fine, but
you can make more ROI by framing it a
little bit different. But
&gt;&gt; I mean, the thing is I'm I have no idea
where I got this strong conviction. I
mean, I have worked my butt off to get
my conviction. I have followed all the
breadcrumbs now for a year. and that S1
I don't think anybody has spent as much
time on that S1 as I did and there were
just so many breadcrumbs and then in the
amendment one and then in the amendment
two you know the fact that this was all
you do amendments of course because you
have new facts or new dates or new new
numbers but the fact that they
structured the amendments was really to
make sure we understand that they are
reserving a big part of the non-used
authorized shares of SpaceX for a large
acquisition After the IPO, there will be
13 billion SpaceX shares out there. Most
of them tied up for a while, but anyway,
13 billion out of 36 billion authorized
ones. And then they do an amendment to
say, yeah, do know that that delta we
need it for acquisitions. And you're
like, of course you do. Of course you
do. We know that. So
&gt;&gt; cursor and Tesla, I agree. I just think
the timing is the only thing that So,
just to get that timing clear, you said
it's going to happen before the end of
September or end of August.
&gt;&gt; So, why do I think all that? I mean, we
did a whole show on it. Poor poor
Herbert has to listen over and over and
over.
&gt;&gt; Just the timeline for love is going to
happen.
&gt;&gt; August 15th. So, this is the other
breadcrumb. I'm I'm so sorry. This is go
all all over the place again. But August
15th is the deadline at which Elon has
to exercise his Tesla 2018
stock options. Okay? Because remember
those were stock options in 2018. They
didn't have a clue about restricted
shares yet. Now, surprise surprise, in
April this year, they said, "Okay, we're
going to transform them in restricted
stock because then you have already
voting rights because if not, if you
leave them as as options, you cannot
vote them." So, we saw an SEC filing,
that was the last one in in a April.
Yeah, I think it was in April, beginning
of May. um where they said okay the 303
million don't cite me on the on the
little number but I think it's 303
million stock options will become
restricted stock two conditions one the
stock options still have to be exercised
latest August 15th between end of May
and latest August 15th and second um
second um condition is the taxes on that
have to only be paid in January 2028. So
he has a 7 billion obligation to
purchase these well to exercise these
stock options. The higher the price
of the Tesla stock then
the less he's going to pay taxes in
January 2028. That is what locks in the
price. Okay? So he has a personal
interest and not for little for 303
million Tesla shares to get that price
up by August 15th. How do you get that
price up? Well, by announcing a merger.
So that is my latest deadline. Now my
earliest deadline, how I narrowed that
window down was that he will wait for
all the index inclusions, the first lot
to be over. Let's make it very clear
index inclusions for these three indices
Footsie, CRSP and NASDAQ will come in
multiple waves because the float is so
small. It will get float adjusted. So we
will have an initial float now uh sorry
an initial index buying now a second one
in September a third one in December all
of the same indices just because they
have to grow with the float. Now the
first float is the first part is
important and we've gone through charts
how this will play out. We asked Grock
to model it with Grock thinks the price
can go up what was it 290 or 275 or
something like that at that very moment.
That is the moment of extreme dry float
because none of the lockups can yet sell
yet the indices have all bought and the
highest prediction stock by Grock is
July 7th. So I have one border being
July 7th. I have the second border being
August 15th sometimes in there. Now how
do I get to my third date the most? How
can I get the August 15th earlier?
Because remember he can exercise those
option any day up to August 15th. The
biggest the first and biggest lock up
opening up is the day of the earnings
call of SpaceX for Q2. Now we don't know
that date yet. Let's just assume it's
June 22nd because that's the day Herbert
is back from Korea. and uh they have to
do they have they can get out first time
&gt;&gt; July 22nd sorry that is the fir the the
earnings call and they can get out of it
two business days after that either 20%
of their holdings can get sold or if the
price went up by more than 30% they can
actually throw up to 30% of each
individual investor's uh holdings onto
onto the market. Why would he do that?
Well, because there's continued buying
and because people want to get out. I
mean, there are the ARC funds already
above all their limits. So, there are
people with the price rising that need
to get out. So, that's why I think it
will actually be between July 7th and
that first lock up window when they can
get out, which is earnings call date to
be defined plus two.
&gt;&gt; Right.
&gt;&gt; There we are.
&gt;&gt; Awesome.
&gt;&gt; I thought this through. I can tell you.
I took a poll of your audience. If you
can share that little screen,
who in the audience has actually made an
order for SpaceX shares? I thought
that'd be interesting to share.
100 shares, 41%. 588 shares. By the way,
that's how many shares I believe you
need to make a million dollars by the
year 2030 to 2032.
So, it's not a lot. So, if you are
looking to build a bag, try to get to
that 588 number. thousand plus shares.
8% of your audience have ordered a
thousand plus shares. Big big bowlers.
And then nope. 45% are waiting for sub
100 because they listen to Twitter.
Oh, that's that's that's surprising. 8%
of the audience thousand shares.
&gt;&gt; Yeah,
that surprised Herbert.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; Be surprised uh the big money who
watches your show.
&gt;&gt; Mhm.
Okay, guys. Wow. Well,
&gt;&gt; awesome.
&gt;&gt; We're going to watch what happens
tomorrow morning. I'm going to do a live
stream early in the morning. We don't
know when we're going to start. Probably
I think I'm saying 7:30 a.m. Pacific
time. And uh when will the SpaceX shares
actually start trading? There's a huge
debate. A lot of people think that it's
going to be market open at 6:30 in the
morning Pacific time. And a lot of
people are saying that's not what
usually happens because it takes them
time to actually settle I guess uh the
allotments
and so it could be 2 hours after market
opens right. We don't know
but come back if you're watching and
want to see the live stream. I've got uh
lined up a lot of experts. We're going
to be following through the day.
&gt;&gt; Awesome.
&gt;&gt; We've got the the experts here today. We
got James. Thank you for all your
feedback and thoughts about what's
happening with the stock. You've got
Jeff who knows ex a lot more about
manufacturing dist rollout product
rollout and you got Alexandra governance
and she's got her theories.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Either either way there and we we
all agree we just disagree on timelines
but I advise people there get your
anchor baby. I don't care if it's a
Tesla share or a SpaceX share. Just get
a little piece,
&gt;&gt; you know. Go long Elon. Best capital
allocator on the planet.
&gt;&gt; Let him do the work. Don't worry about
investing. It's not hard. Follow the
smart money.
&gt;&gt; There are questions about where to find
that video where we discussed the
merger. Herbert, maybe you can put put
the put it in the comments. It was the
last one we did together on all the
SpaceX IPO details and I we also
discussed all the merger theory.
&gt;&gt; Was that the one with Joe Bacti as well?
No, no. The one the one with Joe. The
one with Joe traumatizing.
&gt;&gt; It was just published on Tuesday, so two
days ago. All right, everybody. Thank
you. See you next. Thank you, Yang. Good
luck getting sleep tonight.