Channel:     futureaza
Title:       BREAKING: Cybercabs, BYD Overhaul, Grok 4.5 & New Megapacks
URL:         https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Th2wtpQgpgc
Published:   2026-07-20 11:03 UTC
Fetched:     2026-07-20 17:00 UTC

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

It is Monday the 20th. Good Monday to
you. We are doing the news. It is not
live this week. It is a premiere because
I am on the road at the moment. Where am
I going? I'm going to LA. Going to the
Tesla diner. One year anniversary of the
u of the diner. Um all the paid tickets
I think are sold out, which is fine
because it's a free event. And the paid
tickets were just for the light show.
It's going to be a whole lot of fun.
Just park on the street 6:30 p.m. to
9:30 p.m. and Randy Kirk and I will both
be there. I don't know. Should be fun.
Why not? Okay, let's get into the news,
shall we? A record 245 cyberc cabs
spotted at Tesla's Giga Texas factory. I
mean, great. Not a surprise to some of
us. Of course, I posted on X saying this
will uh bring out the crazies and my
post brought out the crazies
um in both directions really. some
saying this proves it's happening, you
know, instantly, which I disagree with.
But, uh, the vast majority of the
crazies were the other variety. Safe to
say Tesla Q has moved their goalposts
outside the arena, outside the stadium.
They're no longer even in play. Tesla
says it's building a wheelchair
accessible robo taxi. Is this the robo
van? Maybe it's, you know, it's an
active product being built, but its
timeline isn't clear. That doesn't mean
it's actually in development. If they
showed that one robo van at Wii robot,
technically they've built one. But, uh,
this is something that needs to happen.
We need mobility. And I think that the
company's big enough that they can
afford to do the right thing even when
it isn't the most profitable. a
purpose-built, wheelchair accessible,
autonomous vehicle. We'd love to have
it. We need it. It's uh the right thing
to do. Robo taxi uh service starts
testing in New Orleans. And I know what
you're thinking. Is it because those
people have uh mobility problems? Maybe.
Maybe. I've been to New Orleans. It is
lovely. If you are thinking about going
to New Orleans, I would say the best
time to go is before Katrina.
Unfortunately, the city has struggled to
bounce back from that. Uh, but if you
want a whole lot of American culture in
a way that you can't find it elsewhere,
and I don't mean US culture, I mean
American culture, because it has been
Spain, it has been France, it has been
the United States. Fascinating stuff. At
any rate, kind of hard to deny what
you're looking at there. Uh, doesn't
stop people from denying reality. You
know who else doesn't deny reality? Who
doesn't accept reality? Uber. They are u
talking about hotels, robo taxes, and
why the company doesn't want to be
everything for everyone. They say as
they go on to explain that, hey, we'll
help you rent boats, we'll help you get
airfare. There's ride hailing of course,
but delivery and now you'll find hotel
bookings powered by Expedia, a shop for
me concier concierge feature, and so
much so much more. It's crazy. Uber Eats
has only recently turned profitable.
How? How? You take a chunk out of what
the driver gets. You take a chunk out of
what the restaurant gets. And you do bad
service. There's only so many foods that
are really good when you deliver them.
And uh uh French fries do not make that
list. Every year, our teams are
obviously building a lot of stuff and a
subset of what we decide is worth
sharing with the world on the biggest
stage. Yeah, it's really travel. 1.5
billion trips. So yeah, there's a lot of
um opportunities there. All of which are
in danger from autonomy. So of course
they are working on autonomy as well.
They are partnering with absolutely
everyone who has an autonomous system
other than Tesla. I imagine because
Tesla said, "Nah, we got this." The real
trick is, and we saw this with Whimo
this week, uh Whimo is now partnering
with Herz to clean their cars. That's a
lot of fingers in the pie. You got to
pay the auto manufacturer. You've got to
pay the upfitter. You've got to pay Uber
in many markets. You've got to pay
yourself. Whimo needs to get paid. And
now they're adding Hertz to the mix.
That's a lot of fingers in the pie. And
[clears throat] uh pretty soon the pie
is mostly finger. I don't I don't think
that's what you want, guys. But uh Uber
wants to continue putting their finger
in the pie. Hey, BYD has overhauled
their overseas brand structure, betting
on channel integration and flash
charging network. So, BYD sales in China
domestically down a bit. That's not
great. But internationally, they're
doing pretty well. This is aligning
their brands. This is narrowing their
focus. This is uh considering a new
strategy. BYD has many brands. Uh
they've got BYD, they've got Yang Wang,
they've got Denza. uh which as far as
I'm concerned is what BYD stands for
because it doesn't stand for build your
dreams. It doesn't translate to
something that it stands for. It's just
three letters they liked. So in that
regard, it's a backronym. It's
overhauling its overseas brand
structure, seeking to support its global
expansion with a clearer brand
portfolio, more concentrated channel
resources, and faster buildout of
charging infrastructure. [snorts] The
big thing is if you can charge all your
cars in like 5 minutes, you're in a good
position. If you want to charge them
slower at home, you can do that. And
it's also worth noting a lot of people
say, "Boy, BYD's headcount is so high.
Why is that?" The answer is they do a
lot more than cars. I mean, we all know
that they make batteries, a lot of
batteries. Rechargeable batteries for uh
they do EVs, they do rail transit
systems and new energy technology, but
they do more. So, the batteries alone,
yeah, they put batteries in their cars.
That's helpful. But they also sell
batteries to other car makers, to other
stationary energy storage companies,
even some that you've heard of. Uh, but
they also sell batteries for power
tools, for phones, and other products.
Mobile handset components and assembly.
They build cell phones for some other
companies, automobile, and related.
Yeah, of course, we uh parts. So, we can
see that there's a big market for parts,
especially if you are looking at uh
being a smaller manufacturer and trying
to get up to speed. Got to buy the parts
from someone. Why not buy them from
someone who knows how to do them? But
they've got a lot going on. Uh they do
they do trains, they do buses, they do
Montreals. I'm not sure on the trains.
I'm pretty sure they do trains, but they
definitely do Montreals and buses. They
manufacture uh not only their own
batteries, but they go up the supply
chain. They go down the supply chain.
They have row boats to move the cars,
rolling them on and off. Uh they've got,
let's see, um stationary energy like uh
mega pack type products, electric trucks
and buses. Yeah, they've got electric
trucks. You can see them operating at
the Port of Los Angeles, Port of Long
Beach. And then they also do
semiconductor fabrication. Not the
cutting edge, you know, sub 5nanmter
stuff, but chips that companies still
need nonetheless. It's a big company
with a lot going on. Is it a good
strategy? I don't know. Seems to be
working reasonably well. The myths about
uh the massive unpaid debt thing, those
have gone away. That was unwound over a
year ago. It started over a year ago.
It's done now. Gily unveils world's
first 16in-1 drive system with 93.8%
efficiency. I'll save you the long
thing. I the 16 is all of these things,
the um the motor, the controller, and
all these other things. Um but the idea
is that they're moving all of these
pieces from outside the system. So you
don't buy you no longer would have to
buy the motor and 10 other things, 15
other things. Just buy the motor. So
that is uh going to simplify
manufacturing and uh hopefully improve
quality control. Not that that has been
an issue. But why are we even talking
about EVs when EVs have so
consequentially substantially faltered
worldwide? Because not worldwide, it's
just in the US. Electric cars are taking
off quickly. In Latin America, 5 years
ago, almost no one in Latin America
bought an electric car. And I can tell
you that cuz as soon as they got there,
I went down and checked them out. This
chart shows the trend across several of
the region's largest car markets
alongside the US for comparison. I mean,
this picture paints a thousand words,
doesn't it? You can see the US has just
kind of flatlined, and that's
unfortunate. But other countries have
really, really gotten into it. Some of
those countries have oil. They would
rather sell it than use it. Uh, some of
those countries do not have oil. They
definitely don't want to buy it. When a
petro dollar leaves your country,
typically it never comes back. TSMC
commits another hundred billion dollars
to Arizona for at least four more 2nmter
fabs.
Well, this is what we wanted, isn't it?
Yeah, Tesla's looking to make their own
chips, their own cutting edge chips in
partnership with SpaceX and Intel. Uh,
but that doesn't mean that the
competition's going to just let it
happen. The only thing they can do to
stop Tesla is to make a better product
cheaper. And you have to invest to do
that. TSMC is doing it. Hopefully, they
develop a closed loop cooling system
because Arizona, not famously moist. So,
that's great. 100 billion to build at
least four more chip making plants and
advanced packaging facilities. That's
what you want to see. Uh, I cannot cover
the stock because the market is not
open. But I can tell you, you don't want
to look like this. Subscribe and look
like this. I had someone ask why do you
tell us? We know. We know. 37% of the
viewers in the past month were
first-time viewers. Guys, you can
subscribe. And when we stop saying it,
people stop doing it. You can also
support the mission other ways. Uh, this
will help fund my upcoming trip to uh
Nepal in September, to Ethiopia in
December. These are countries where the
story is just getting started. I'll be
on the ground to help you understand it.
What [snorts] I don't understand is AI.
Oh my gosh. Groc 4.5 testing results are
in. How does it actually work? I mean,
does it do? Sure, it's fun. Sure, you
can have some fun and even funny results
and some wrong results, but what about
if we apply the metrics and see what it
actually does? So number of tasks by
occupation, it can do a bunch of tasks.
Number of tasks by sectors, it can do a
bunch of those. But let's look at it
compared to the competition. Overall
model mean pass rates. Chat GPT uh 5.5
at 22%. Opus at four at 21 Grock at 29.
In just a few years they went from being
nobody to being a leader. And I mean
nobody is in the company didn't exist.
Overall model means pass rate by
occupation. The orange represents grock.
You can see whether it's lawyers, health
management, u software development, QA
it is better and the pass rate by sector
you'll see some where it is tied uh some
where it doesn't lead. It doesn't lead
in construction, but for the most part
it's head and shoulders above failure
mode analysis. Uh so you can see each
third of this represents a different
model. chat GPT 5.5 high pretty high the
highest of the failure rates failure
modes opus pretty good grock better can
it do everything no today I do have some
people in my comments who are very angry
that Elon stole AI out from Tesla and
made it into its own thing it had to
happen to happen if you want to attract
the best talent the top talent they have
to have that moonshot appreciation on
their stock bonuses it just has to
happen. And not only that, but uh if you
try and just buy them, well, just pay
them. Just pay them instead instead of
giving them stock options that cost
nothing. Why don't we just pay them with
real money? Well, that's what Meta and
Google have been doing. They've been
paying people seven figures to come and
join their team, and they're not in
first place. So, even the billion spent
to get XAI where it is today would not
have been enough. And at the time, I
will remind you, I'm not predicting the
past by looking at by Monday morning
quarterbacking. I'm telling you that I
was there when it happened. And I can
tell you that investors did not have the
appetite to take on a new 10, 20,50
billion adventure on debt in hopes of
getting something that could produce
results like this. And if they had, they
would have had to spend substantially
more to get those engineers. And they
wouldn't have gotten those engineers. We
know because Google and Meta did not get
those engineers. XAI got those
engineers. So, this is how it had to
happen. It just had to. It's
unfortunate. There are plenty who wanted
Tesla to go into AI, but it would have
been it would have crushed the balance
sheet. You would have gotten worse
talent and it would have failed.
[snorts] You know what wouldn't fail?
The play I'm in. One more weekend. Oh
man, we are crushing it. We are getting
typically on a given night 70ish out of
a 100 seats filled. That's really good.
Three bandits and a baby. I play the
sheriff. It's a whole lot of fun. You're
not only encouraged to throw popcorn, we
give you the popcorn to throw. And if
you want to know how tickets sales are
going, closing day, these are the seats
available for closing day. Look at that.
70 seats already sold for closing day.
So, if you're coming this coming Friday
or Saturday, plenty of tickets. Sunday,
not as many tickets. Uh, join us. Join
us, won't you? Coupon code SWN20 for 20%
off. World's first public mega charger's
open. Heck yeah. This will never happen.
You have to carpet the world before I
can go out for an adventure. Hey, you
can put shoes on. You know, there are
places where you can take your shoes
off. Uh, this is one of them. This is in
Bloomington, California. [snorts] Uh,
beat to the punch by becoming the first
one to go live. It was supposed to be
the one in Hamilton Avenue in Carson,
California to go on first. Didn't get it
done in time. Congrats to Bloomington.
So, this will allow for great stuff to
happen, you know. Oh, I guess I should
turn the volume down because I'm going
to be playing some audio here. This is
FAA. The foundations had just been
poured and the cables placed in the
ground.
In the weeks that followed, construction
only accelerated.
For months, work at Mufasa has been
about one thing, preparing for the
moment the batteries arrive. 3 km of
high voltage cable now run underground,
connecting the site to tenants grid
substation at Borscula. The medium
voltage transformers are installed and
waiting waiting for the mega packs they
are built to serve
shipped from Tesla's gig
just and increasingly
as our climate changes energy systems
must become more flexible more resilient
and secure enough to let no renewable
generation go to waste. This is Return's
vision in action. Not just building
batteries, but building the foundation
for a net zero energy system that works
for everyone.
One piece of
&gt;&gt; it's not just the one. There's tons of
these. If we look at this guy here, this
is all about auto bidder.
&gt;&gt; Historial
port plant.
&gt;&gt; That power plant was providing
electricity to a large part of the west
of France.
&gt;&gt; In the ' 90s, the plant was
decommissioned. It was part of France
transition to renewable energies. And if
we pass forward, Tesla and Armon came
together to transform this site into a
battery energy storage system.
&gt;&gt; We contracted with Tesla on the basis of
a full wrap VPC. So the design and
engineering, the procurement and the
construction of the site. And today
Tesla remains very involved in this
project because they're in charge of the
ongoing operation and maintenance as
well as optimizing the services that are
provided by these batteries themselves.
And that happens through Tesla's Autovid
platform.
Auto Better is an optimization service
using long-term forecasting, short-term
forecasting, real-time inputs both from
weather data, system information as well
as customer feedback to optimize the
system and maximize the revenues for our
customers as well as providing the
optimal services for the grid.
&gt;&gt; Our customers wherever they are can see
the real-time trading that we have.
There's wholesale markets like the day
ahead energy auctions as well as
real-time sport markets for wholesale
and arbitrage between those multiple
energy markets. We are also active in
anoric contracts. So that can be
bouncing services with the system freer
or frequency services as well as local
flexibility markets from the
distribution network operator. The
monitoring of the site is undertaken by
teams within Tesla onto which Harmony
can access via the platforms and the
monitoring screens that we have based in
the London and the French offices.
&gt;&gt; Auto notion. Now this is fun. Uh just
just do those just lift a steel block a
concrete block. A 40 ton block of steel
descending falling is a bit of a
dramatic word descending the height of a
30story building banks 8 hours of one
home's electricity.
And that arithmetic never improved. The
Finnish mine picked for Europe's first
gravity store now plants 530 megawatt
hours from falling water where they
could use steel to get only 20 megawatt
hours. That is a disparity. So yeah, the
whole idea of I mean hydro water's very
heavy and it's also very friendly
compared to you know blocks of steel and
concrete with all the pulleys and
counterweights. I don't know what you're
doing. Uh, bad news though. In Texas,
Colorado, Washington,
155 wind projects have been put on hold
because the Pentagon fears their
turbines could interfere with military
radars and make missiles harder to
detect. Well, this says missiles. The
article goes on to say, "Well, no, it's
really drones. It's drones and drone
swarms." Yeah, there is a radar
cross-section to a turbine, to a wind
turbine. Uh, but the more you look at
it, the more it sounds like that's not
the real reason. The real reason is
money. The real reason is fossil fuel
companies are projected to earn almost
$3,000 a second in 2026. I know what
you're thinking, Oxfam. Surely this
isn't legit. Surely they've got an
agenda. They do have an agenda. It's not
the one you think, though. Not in this
case. We'll get to that in a second.
&gt;&gt; [snorts]
&gt;&gt; Six of the biggest fossil fuel companies
are projected to earn 2967 a second in
profits in 2026. That's not what they've
actually earned. That's the projection.
That's the Wall Street projection. Uh
but yeah, that's and that's only six
companies. That's not like all of them.
That's not like the international ones.
I thought surely this can't be right.
When I see something and my BS detector
goes off, I check. So I asked Rock to
fact check it. It's mathematically
accurate between those companies. That
is the Wall Street projection. 94
billion for the year. When you're making
$3,000 a second in profit, do you know
how many politicians you can buy? All of
them. Get an even better deal when you
buy them in bulk, I'm told. And you
don't have to buy all of them. You just
have to buy more than half. So that's
unfortunate. But the reality is oil and
gas, big big business. wind and solar,
these projects are encroaching on it.
And if we look at it some more, what we
find, it's even worse because a lot of
the companies that are in the middle of
wind and solar projects, uh, wind
projects specifically, uh, because they
had their permits quietly put on hold.
They're going to miss the window that
would allow them to take advantage of
tax advantages and, uh, subsidies that
would help them come online quicker. And
we are talking about an absolutely huge
amount of power. It's something like 44
gawatts of production that are stranded.
We need a lot of juice and we need it
quick and we are not going to get it. We
are just not going to get it. Uh so
that's uh problematic. I think it's a
polite way to put it. Um
capacity of small nuclear reactor price
tag of €700 million. construction of
largest Belgian battery factory uh
battery farm ever can start. Belgium is
not a big country. Uh it's a lovely
country. I recommend it.
700 million euros to put together a very
big uh a very big project here. 640
Tesla Mega Pac 3s will be located um
where an old zinc plant was.
This is great. Yeah, we want more of
these, please. Uh, so you know, it's
very frustrating, but what are you going
to do? Okay, solar generated a record
25% of EU power in June with Germany,
Spain, and Poland leading the race. Look
at that. They put it over water. H,
prevent some evaporation there. For the
first month ever, solar provided a
quarter of the EU's electricity. Solar
generated 52 terowatt hours of
electricity. I mean, pretty soon you're
talking about real juice, huh? Uh, solar
was the EU's largest single source ahead
of nuclear, gas, wind, and hydro with
coal generating just 8%. It's only the
third month that solar has been the
largest provider after June of 25 and
May of 26. So, uh, you know, pretty
exciting stuff. And we are almost to the
end here. I think we've got two more.
Uh, EV battery recycling has a math
problem. It's interesting. This article
feels uh very biased against electric
car batteries, but turns around and
provides all the facts you need to know
that are quite promising. So, what
they're saying here is that some small
uh recyclers, some small crushers end up
stuck with them because the cost to ship
them safely is too high. Got it? That
makes sense. Selling off valuable bits
of a piece of a vehicle is fundamentally
how a salvage yard makes money. And
these batteries are in fact full of
valuable minerals. Nickel, cobalt,
manganesees, lithium. They're headed
back to a battery recycler who will
shred them into a fine dark powder
called black mass from which those
minerals can be recovered and reused in
batteries. So how much will he make off
this deal? Nothing. He doesn't make
anything. So you can crush him. You can
grind them up, but you don't have to.
And they should know that because they
immediately go on to site JB from uh
from Redwood Materials. Uh but they
didn't ask the right questions. Uh many
for many uh the EV battery recycling
math is not penciling out. They get
stuck with batteries nobody wants. A
T-shaped Chevy Volt battery. Uh yeah,
and staring at another EV battery. This
one's the size of a mattress. It's a
Tesla battery sitting on a shelf. It too
is hypothetically valuable. It works
just fine. If a Tesla driver wants it as
a replacement, they could pay as little
as 2,000.
If it's still fine, you can probably get
more than 2,000 for it. But he's priced
it at $1,200. Where, my friends, where
where are these $1,200 batteries? Have
you checked the market? A functional
Tesla battery pack is worth more than
$1,200.
We tried to price to sell. We don't run
a museum here.
Okay. Uh, no one's biting. And if we
can't sell it, the other option is to
ship it to a recycler. So the the best
price we've got was negative 1,800, as
in the recycler says, "We'll take it if
you pay us." But uh that's
I feel like there's a lot missing from
this story. This is a liability. No
one's paying for me. I have to pay to
get rid of it.
You need to work on your marketing. Uh
so at any rate, they're saying, "Yeah,
we can uh capitalism is doing its thing.
There's a positive incentive uh
structure to get these materials."
Yeah, the cost of shipping is what
really gets you. Uh but we got to make
money, man. And of course you do. When
an old EV is up on the auction block,
auto salvagers often have no way of
knowing whether its battery will be a
boon or a burden. That's
true of anything in the salvage auction
business. It's going to be something
that we can actually have as a valuable
asset. Uh more batteries may get
stranded. Yeah. Well, but that will
change. EV adoption is expected to rise
over time. Meanwhile, EV batteries
themselves are also changing and they
last longer. The article does go on to
say that they last too long. Uh so
there is, you know, these are being
recycled. They are being recycled
profitably even if you don't know how to
sell them. And the reality is that um
the motors are still good, the battery
is generally still good, and there isn't
a robust network for secondhand parts
because uh they don't need them. I mean,
it they just work. So, EV batteries have
been lasting longer than anticipated,
meaning that there just haven't been
many uh that need recycling. In fact,
most of the EV batteries that get
recycled right now are scrapped from
factories, like defective ones rejected
by quality control. not dead batteries
from old cars. So, uh, yeah, all of that
is quite encouraging. Last story because
I got to get on the road, man. I got to
get back on the road. SpaceX alumni
building remote controlled construction
equipment land $115 million funding
round. Very simple stuff. The idea is,
let's make it a toy. Let's remote
control it. Let's give them an Xbox
controller and let people in remote uh
construction in remote places take place
without having to bring everyone in.
There's a real big cost to doing some of
these projects in places where people
don't live. Wouldn't it be great to
bring in a much smaller crew of
mechanics and I guess IT people who can
keep the connection solid and have these
machines running 24/7 with different
people running different things. That's
the first step to having them run
themselves. So, yeah, it's a great idea.
I think you could get a remote operator
much, much cheaper than moving an
individual out to wherever it needs to
be. You could do the job from home. It's
a great idea. So guys, what did I miss?
What did I misunderstand? Leave it in
them comments below. What's your big
news of the week? And everyone else,
stay tuned. Stay juicy. And I cannot
wait to hear from you clever robots.
Perhaps tomorrow night at the Tesla
diner.