Channel:     investingagainstthegrain
Title:       Space X & Tesla Merger | Truth About the AI Bubble | Fed Rate Hikes
URL:         https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AALChQ_rHIA
Published:   2026-08-10 02:39 UTC
Fetched:     2026-08-10 04:00 UTC

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

We have survived the last two weeks of
earnings, but these next two weeks are
even more critical. Will we finally gain
clarity on the war in Iran and how that
will continue to impact the markets?
Will we finally understand what the
Federal Reserve is going to do with rate
hikes in September? What about the AI
infrastructure play? Will this week and
next week finally shine a light on
whether or not there is an AI bubble or
if the buildout is just starting? And
finally, what are we going to do with
Tesla? What about SpaceX? How should we
be thinking about it at this point?
Let's discuss.
You're crazy.
&gt;&gt; First of all, I want to give a shout out
to Mr. Bill Curious, the 63-year-old
from the Options Crash Course. Thank you
for the shirt. This is a Tesla diner
shirt, one-year anniversary. Thank you
so much for sending it. You're too kind.
I genuinely appreciate it and I will get
a lot of use out of it. So, thank you
for that. I also want to give a shout
out to three people quickly. uh for
their fantastic early results with uh
their trading for after taking the
options crash course. First of all, take
a look at this. This is Christopher
Hendris. Uh he says, "Nick, I want to
share with you results from July. Talks
about small trades, but really what he
want to highlight was the win rate and
that he certainly can't complain about
it in a tough month." So, you can see he
had a 100% win rate. And he said as he
gains more comfort, uh he will increase
his position size and that he's still
being conservative, which is excellent.
uh he's really glad he attended the
course and it's given him another way of
trading. Chris, congrats. Keep up the
good work. Then I want to give another
shout out here to Kurt. Kurt wrote here,
I had to chime in as well just because
Lori smoking me. About a week ago, I
told you that this would scale. Week one
is proof of concept. Thank you, Nick,
for your inspiration, dedication to
bringing options trading to muggles like
me. Great reference to Harry Potter. Uh
thank you uh Daniel. If you guys don't
know, Daniel is the developer for the IG
Journal, also coowner of IG Journal.
That's what you see right here. This is
what uh Kurt's using to track his
trades. Go and sign up for the journal
if you want. It works for Charles
Schwabs, Fidelity, Robin Hood,
Interactive Brokers, Wells Simple, uh
pretty much most brokers at this point.
It works for if you want to use it, use
it. It's a fantastic tool. Has IVR, has
all kinds of AI tools built in. It's
just absolutely fantastic. He goes on to
say here, "Thank you, Daniel. I cannot
fathom being an active trader without
the journal." So, good job here, Kurt.
If you can see here, 10,54. This the
first week of August. And again, he took
the options crash course at the end of
July. Okay, so his first week in August
here. He's starting off strong. But
let's uh also give a shout out here to
Lori. She writes here, "Thanks, Nick,
for sharing your expertise. Took the
July crash course. First week of returns
in August was great. And here she is,
$14,196."
So fantastic job to both of them. If you
guys want to sign up, the next options
crash course is at the end of September.
You can use the link down below. I will
be closing it probably this coming up
week as it fills up. So go ahead, sign
up now. Uh and then also if you've taken
any of the options crash course, uh you
can still sign up for the zero day
course where we talk about zero day
trading. Again, you can find the link
down below. Uh that will be at the end
of August. So again, anyone who's taken
the crash courses, you can sign up for
the zero day. That's going to be also
closing out here two weeks before the
course actually starts. And if you guys
are wondering what this is all about
real quick, no need to sell your Tesla
shares, no need to sell your Nvidia
shares, no need to sell any shares. The
idea is while you wait for your thesis
to play out on your long-term buy and
hold, can you make 1 to 4% per month on
your portfolio? Yes, you should be able
to. If you have 100 grand, you should be
able to make 1 to 4% per month. If you
have a million, you should be able to
make 10 to 40 grand, etc. These are very
conservative numbers. I like to lean on
the conservative side. But that's what I
teach you. I teach you how I trade, how
I do everything, how I place my trades,
how I manage them, how I exit them, so
you can do the same. The whole idea is
about being capital efficient. I don't
like to sit there with this big pile of
money and it not working for me. At the
end of the day day, your portfolio is an
engine that can throw off capital for
you. Everyone talks about the 4% rule.
Everyone talks about the safe withdrawal
rates. They are, let's just say,
brainwashed is the only way I can say
it. Take this if you want to be red pill
in a way. Come, come take the course.
I'll teach you what I what I do. And as
you can see here from all their results,
it's quick return on investment and you
can quickly go ahead and see if I'm full
of it or not. But as I frequently post,
you can go look on my ex. People see
results very quickly right after the
course. So, if you want to learn, if you
want to escape the rat race, if you want
financial independence, if you want to
have a better retirement, links down
below. Sign up before it fills up. With
that said, let's get into today's topics
because we got a lot to cover. We need
to talk about what the market's doing
right now. So, right now, the markets
are flat. So, they opened up slightly
down, but really they're flat. And the
reason they're flat is because there's
all kinds of things that are happening
this week. Okay, I got my notes here. My
iPad's about to die, so I'm going to be
going fast today. So, keep up. Bessant
said last week that there was probably
be a deal either Tuesday or Wednesday
for the straight of Hormuz opening up
with Iran. Okay, we didn't get anything
this past week, but oil prices have been
coming down. So that's good for the
market. That's good for inflation. We'll
talk about inflation in a second here.
However, with that said, we didn't get a
deal. We didn't get anything over the
weekend. In fact, over the weekend, we
got the opposite. Iran, once again,
guess what they're saying? No, we aren't
having any direct conversations with the
USA. Clearly what's happening is that
Oman is kind of being the mediator now.
We're going to eventually, I think, get
to a deal, but it won't be because of
the United States or the United States
won't be part of it. And I think the
bigger thing is that Iran needs to save
face and the United States doesn't
really care how it happens. They just
want the straight horm open. Right now,
things are tense. The entire Middle East
wants the straight horm open. Iran wants
it. US wants it. But I think what has to
happen is that everybody needs to
somehow get a win out of this. And once
we can get to that point, I think things
will be better. Let's move on from that
because there's no point spending too
much time on that because we really
don't know what's going to happen. So
instead, let's talk about what just
happened this past week that actually
sent the markets up. On Friday, we got
the jobs number and the jobs number came
out negative -23,000. Not just that, but
there were revisions for the past two
months downward. Okay, so why was this a
big deal? Why did this bad news send the
markets up? Well, very simple. This
tells us that there's a chance or it
dampens the chances that the Federal
Reserve will raise rates in September.
The Fed has two main mandates. They have
full employment and they've got low
inflation or a 2% target. If either of
them are in question, then they are less
likely to raise rates. It depends on
what's more important to them. If they
are more worried about inflation, then
they're going to raise rates. If they're
more worried about employment, then they
won't raise rates because lower rates
help to stimulate the economy to help
get more jobs. This is the scale that
the Fed has to deal with. And right now,
the bigger problem is that the scale is
kind of even, but not quite. It's a
little higher on the inflation side.
This creates more uncertainty and it's
leads to more likelihood that they will
stay still or stay pat and not raise
rates. So, that's what the market was
excited about and that's what the
market's hoping for. However, that
decision I think will largely really
come this week on Wednesday and
Thursday. Well, Nick, what's going on
Wednesday or Thursday? Glad you guys
asked. On Wednesday, we get CPI and on
Thursday we get PPI. Really, it's going
to be CPI. So, let's focus on CPI for
today's video. What is CPI? CPI is the
main way that we measure inflation in
the United States. It's not a perfect
tool. It's not a perfect measurement.
Hence why we have wars right now trying
to create a committee to rethink all of
this. But it's what we use. And as you
can see here, we've gone from last July
we were at 2.7% to we'll find out what
this July is. But you can see here the
trend has been going up until June where
on June we went from a 4.2 in May down
to a 3.5 uh in June. And that was mainly
because oil prices coming down. However,
if we look at it, March, April, and May
that those tick ticks up were all
because of the war in Iran and the spike
in oil prices. Had we not had that, we
might still be on that decline that we
saw in February down to 2.4%.
And this is the real battle in the Fed.
Is the current inflation transitory or
is it not? especially when we just saw
that big decline uh in June. July right
now, we are going to need to see either
a flat or you know a continuation of
what it was last July or decline. What
do I mean by that? Well, take a look at
this. This is how it's actually broken
out for CPI. Each month, we get a a
change month over month on what
inflation was. So, here you can see
June, this past June, it was
negative0.4%.
That's a big deal. So each month that
comes out rolls off the previous month.
You can see at the top of this chart
here, we've got July 2025 was plus 0.2%.
Well, that July 2025 will go away with
this new print that comes out on
Wednesday. If on Wednesday we get a 0.2,
then that means inflation remain the
same. If that 0.2 is higher, that means
inflation went up. And if that 0.2 is
lower, means inflation came down. I'm
kind of in the camp that it's going to
probably come down or stay flat. I don't
think we're going to see it higher. And
again, this is mainly due to oil. I
think oil and the Iran war is the main
reason why inflation start to spike up,
period. We see housing coming down. We
see all kinds of uh prices coming down
in this economy. Yes, I get it. Things
are still expensive. We're still
normalizing ourselves to that. But I
don't see things continuing to have that
kind of increase upward momentum of
expensive. Maybe it's just me. Maybe I
live in my own little bubble, which is
fair. We'll talk more about that with
about Tesla in a little bit later. But
this is what I see right now. So
Wednesday is going to be a big deal. If
on Wednesday we can remain flat or even
better see that inflation come down,
then this will give Wars what he needs
to delay raising rates. In my opinion,
right now raising rates would be suicide
for the government. It'd be suicide for
our country. I think we need to be able
to look through the impact of these
higher oil prices and we need to think
bigger term. Why would it be such an
impact? Well, because it's not like it's
just housing gets more expensive or
loans get more expensive. Our entire
government spending gets more expensive.
So, we have a big interest payment we
have to do every single year to sustain
our debt. And the higher the rates are,
the more we have to pay. So, really what
we want to do, and this might sound
crazy to you, but really what we want to
do is inflate the dollar and have lower
rates. Why? Well, that way we can pay
off the debt with cheaper money. This
only works if we also control our
spending. But think of it this way.
Let's say you bought a house for
$300,000 or $500,000. Let's use 500.
Easy numbers. You bought a house for
$500,000. Okay, you lock in that debt.
And once you lock in that debt, okay,
that's the amount you have to pay back.
Meanwhile, everything gets more
expensive, right? Every prices get
inflated. We you get you get paid more
at your job. You save more money. All
that. Well, soon about three, four, five
years down the line, you're making more
money and your house has become more
valuable. And so what do you get to do?
Well, as you make more money, that debt
remains the same. So what was a $500,000
house might be worth more like 700,000.
Maybe you were making hundred grand, but
now you're making 150 grand. Well, now
you get to pay off that debt that's
fixed with cheaper dollars, but you've
got more of those dollars. So you get to
pay off that expensive debt that now has
been devalued because everything's
gotten more expensive. Everything's
gotten more valuable, but the dollars
have also gotten cheaper. So you pay off
that debt with cheaper dollars. And
that's the idea of what we need to do
for this country. We need to raise
productivity. We need to raise growth.
We need to freeze our spending really is
what we have to do. And then we need to
add more dollars. And it's I know this
sounds so counterintuitive, but we have
to add more dollars to pay it off with
cheaper debt. and we need to lower down
our rates to stimulate the economy so we
get higher GDP. It's really kind of a
simple equation there. And if we can do
that and if we can grow at a decent clip
and if we can for once just chill out
with our spending, then we could
actually do something about this debt.
But until that happens, and that's a
big, you know, that's a big task just to
get Congress to have a balanced budget,
which we haven't seen essentially for
most of my lifetime except, you know,
once with Clinton, Bill Clinton. Just
letting you guys know that's what's
happening here. So, let's go back to the
numbers here. If we can see that Worsh
has what he needs to be able to keep the
rest of his uh uh federal board kind of
at bay because there were three descents
in this last meeting. Then maybe they
can hold off on doing a rate hike, which
would be a pretty big deal. And that
would obviously send stocks a lot
higher. Right now, the stock market is
paranoid about this potential rate hike
that's coming. In fact, Bank of America
thinks there's going to be three rate
hikes. You got all these analysts, all
these all these expectations and
sometimes that's enough. If you look at
the 10-year, these expectations has done
the job for the Fed. The Fed doesn't
actually need to raise rates. They can
hold pat. Right now, we need to get
these numbers down. And the only way to
do that at this point is to actually see
progress on inflation decreasing. What
do you need to look for? You need to
look for a 0.2 to or lower for inflation
this coming up Wednesday. Now, let's
talk about the market and how we're
going to know whether or not this AI
infrastructure buildout will continue,
if it's slowing down, if it's a bubble,
if is Michael Bur, right? Or is Gavin
Baker, right? On Tuesday, we get
Coreweave reporting earnings and then on
Wednesday, we get Nebius reporting
earnings. If you don't know what these
two companies are, they are Neil clouds.
What's a Neil cloud? So you have your
traditional clouds like AWS, Azure and
GCP where they have all kinds of
computes for all kinds of different
workloads but they also have GPUs that
they rent out right and they have their
AI training inference all that but
neoclouds are essentially just purely
GPU clusters string together for the
purpose of AI training and AI inference.
So these Neoclouds are the ones that are
really going to let us know, is the
demand still there? Is it still
insatiable? Are they still growing? Do
they still see demand? How are they
guiding? They are going to be a big bell
weather for where do things go.
Coreweave again is on Tuesday. Nebus is
on Wednesday. Now I want you to take a
look at this because really this comes
down to GPU costs per hour. If we look
at this, you can see this chart here.
Back in 2023, we saw it extremely high.
So, you have what we call on demand.
You've got spa prices and you got long
long-term contracts. On demand is
essentially, hey, I want it, I use it.
What's that cost? Spa price is is
essentially, hey, is there certain hours
where people don't really need it? Can I
just get it? Can I use it? And then
long-term contracts are obviously
long-term contracts. Well, you can see
here that out the gate, starting in
2023, we had a crazy jump in the per
hour cost of renting GPUs. Then that
started to decline and now we see this
acceleration. What happened here? Why
did it start off high? Why did it
decline? And why is it rising again?
Well, to understand this, you have to
remember about your history. At the end
of 2021 going to 2022, we start to see
chatbt really come onto the scene. And
as Chacht came out, we start to see a
whole bunch of different companies start
to create their own LLMs. This created a
rush and a surge for demand of Nvidia
H100s. Well, as you could imagine, there
weren't enough to meet the demand. So,
eventually Nvidia ramped up production
of their H100s. They ramped up
productions of GPUs in general, and we
start to see these prices come down.
Well, then all of a sudden, recently, we
start to see them come back up. Well,
why is that? Well, it's actually not
because we see a backlog on GPUs
necessarily. Not saying they're not
there, but really because we see a
bottleneck when it comes to memory. This
is the Micron, the SKH Highex that
you've heard of. And so because we have
this bottleneck with the memory side of
things and without the memory, GPUs are
no good. Because we have that
bottleneck, well, now this increases
price because now there's another lever
to create higher pricing for this
compute because now the demand's there
and there's not enough memory. So
there's only so much supply. This is
what's happening here. And so as we see
these prices go up, as we continue to
see this backlog in memory, in GPUs, in
storage in general, we're going to see
these prices go higher and higher. The
other reason that we see this grow once
again is because we see the the surge in
inference and agentic AI. Does the
inference mean here? So when we talk
about inference, what we're talking
about is when you're actually using
these models, these LLMs, when you're
actually talking to your Grock, to your
Claude, to your chatbt, when you're
sitting there trying to vibe code
something, build a little website for
yourself, a little a little tracker of
things. So when you're doing this, this
is inference. This is the actual
thinking and the doing that these models
are doing. The training is separate. The
training is what they're doing in the
lab to create the models. So you've got
training and you've got inference. Well,
the more people use these AI tools and
the better they get, the more people are
going to use them. That's going to lead
to more need for inference. And now
that's what we're starting to get to.
So, initially we had a surge for
training and all these different
companies that were starting to create
their own LLMs. Then the market kind of
caught up a little bit to that. But then
that led to inference because these
models started to get really good. It
started to go viral. Everybody all of a
sudden knew about what these models
could do for them and how easy it was to
spin up a chat to BT or to log into
Grock or to cloud code etc. And so this
created this massive need for inference.
And so as inference increased now guess
what prices start to go up as well. But
as that inference started to get more
and more in demand, memory became so
critical because memory is everything at
this point with these models and really
I don't see that slowing down anytime
soon because the best way to make these
models better is to add more memory.
Because if these models can remember
more of our conversations, can start to
create a mapping of all the
conversations and remember the context
of what we talked about in the past,
this is going to create a better
experience for users. I see this
continue to go up, but this will only
really be decided by the Neoclouds or
determined by the Neoclouds as we see
they them report their earnings and the
guidance they provide. This will give us
clarity on which way this is going. And
so I put down a picture here for you
guys to kind of understand what's
happening. So there are different main
there there are different components
that go into a server. Okay. So you've
got the Neoclouds. So NeoClouds are
essentially these cloud companies that
stitch together all of these different
servers and then they rent those out to
AI companies like Anthropic and OpenAI
and they rent them out to them so that
then they could deliver their product to
their users. So people who are using
chat JBT. Okay. So so that's the model
there. So Neil cloud they are the ones
that actually have the data centers,
manage the data centers, build out the
data centers and then sell that compute
or rent that compute to Anthropic or
OpenAI. That way Anthropic and OpenAI
can then sell their products to their
customers. But what's with inside what's
inside these data centers? What's inside
these clusters of servers? First you've
got the chassis. Okay? And that's the
main box that kind of encompasses
everything. And these are normally made
by uh companies like Super Micro, Dell,
HPE, Lenovo, Cisco, Cisco, right? They
make the servers. And the server is
really the housing for everything. Then
you've got the CPUs. You can have CPUs
by AMD. Uh uh Nvidia is making some
CPUs. Intel makes CPUs. And CPUs are
kind of like the normal brain that we
have, like what you have in your
computers. Okay? the these are the ones
that are just kind of doing uh kind of
like these serial operations almost. Uh
and then you've got the next level up.
Okay. And this is where the GPUs come
in. And the GPUs, think of it as like
doing multiple parallel processing, but
not just parallel, but more like
three-dimensional and parallel. If a CPU
is kind of serial where it's just kind
of like line by line happening so one
task and another task and another task
then if you think of a GPU imagine that
being parallel and volutric as well. So
in other words it can do a lot right a
lot of horsepower a lot of calculations.
So that's what Nvidia does with their
GPUs. Now with the GPUs you want to tie
a CPU to it as well. All of this also
needs high bandwidth memory right memory
or cache. Many of you might think of
memory is important and that's where
Micron comes in. That's where SKH Highix
comes in. They make a lot of this high
bandwidth memory. Following that, we've
got what we call u DDR or DIMs. This is
your normal type memory that you would
normally see in a server. Okay? So, this
isn't quite high bandwidth memory. This
is uh more of your traditional everyday
type memory, even what you might have in
your computer. Okay? And this could be
made by Samsung, by Micron, by all kinds
of companies. But this is the type of
memory that's actually taking a backseat
to HBM high bandwidth memory which is
also inversely making the normal type
memory even more expensive. So this is
where it becomes kind of a cascading
effect. What else do we have here?
Sandis. Sandis makes your storage. Okay.
So people call this memory but it's
storage is how we think about it in the
industry. If you think about about it
like this memory is essentially like
short-term memory. Okay. where if I turn
off or remove like the power from a
server or from from a computer, it's
gone. Short-term memory, okay? Or we
call that volatile memory. So that's
what Micron does and that's what these
DIMs are and high bandwidth memory. But
what Santis does is they have that
long-term memory. That's your solid
state drives that you have in your
computer or NVME is like a more fancy
version of SS SSDs, solid state drives.
And this is the type of long-term memory
where even if you lost power, it
persists. It still remains. Okay, so
that's what Sandis does. Samsung does
the same thing. And then you've got the
rest here. You've got all these
different types of chips that are made
for data processing uh for communicating
between servers. So this is the the kind
of the ecosystem of what goes into a
server. And these servers, hundreds and
hundreds and hundreds of these servers
get stitched together. And that's what
the Neoclouds have and that's what uh
OpenAI and Anthropic rent from these
Neoclouds. Okay, so that's kind of the
picture of how this looks. This coming
Tuesday and Wednesday, we're going to
hear from Coreweave, who's arguably the
biggest Neocloud company out there.
SpaceX is up there. We'll talk about
SpaceX in a second here. Uh and then you
have Nebus. These two companies will be
the signal or the warning of what's to
come. These two companies do really well
and guide very well. You should be able
to expect Micron, Samsung, SK Highix,
Sandis, Marvel, Alab, all these type of
companies. Dell, HP, right? All these
type of companies should do well based
on what Nebius and Marll or Marll and
Coreweave say. Again, if they do well,
you should also expect this to be a a uh
potential uh tailwind for Nvidia who
reports the following week. We've got
lots of exciting things that we should
learn this week. We should have clarity
for CPI on what the Fed will do. We
should have clarity with Cororeweave and
Nebus on whether or not Michael Bur is
right and this is all bubble and we
should actually be shorting this entire
market. I don't believe that. You guys
know I don't. I see insatiable demand. I
see everybody using AI more and more.
And so to me, it seems extremely
obvious. You know, here's the simple way
that I think about it. The simple way I
think about it is I look at Elon Musk, I
look at Jensen, I look at Andy Jasse,
the CEO of uh of Amazon, I look at
Sundar, I look at Satia over at
Microsoft, Sundar's at Google. I see
Mark Zuckerberg. These are the smartest
minds in the world when it comes to
allocating capital. They have made the
most profitable businesses in the world
that generate crazy amounts of capital.
Now, the market is punishing all of them
right now because they're going to
negative free cash flow. In other words,
the money that they make right now
instead of just sitting on that cash.
What are they doing? They're
aggressively reinvesting it to a point
where they're even going out to the
markets to take debt in order to
reinvest into the buildout of their
clusters, their environment, to rent out
compute, etc. Now, the market is going
to continue to punish them for some
reason until they stop. And to me, it's
just absolutely ignorant to punish them
right now because again, these are the
best allocators of capital that we have
ever seen in this country, in the world,
period. And everyone's doing it at the
exact same way, the exact same time for
the exact same use cases. It's an arms
race. They all see it. And so, if
they're all seeing it, who are you going
to trust? some random guy Michael Bur
who got a call right once or these other
analysts who are, you know, getting
pissed off because, oh, they're spending
their cash. What are they doing? Where's
the ROI going to come from? Who are you
going to trust? Are you going to trust
the the Jensen's, the Elons, the
Sundars, the Jassis of the world? Or are
you going to trust those, you know,
analysts who are less than 50/50
accurate with their predictions who
really have done nothing in this world
to provide value in a meaningful way.
They've never created any jobs, right?
Who are you going to listen to? At the
end of the day, these are growth
companies. And what are they investing
their money on? They're investing their
money into growth. So, to me, it seems
very obvious on what they should be
doing. And if they're doing it, guess
what we should be doing? I mean, I'm
putting my money where my mouth is. I'm
buying lots of these companies. I'm
trading lots of these companies. Again,
this is why I try to teach everybody how
to trade options because trading options
will allow you to take advantage of
these type of trades of these type of
companies on how to get paid to buy
these stocks. I get passionate about
this because it's I feel like the whole
world tells people the same thing. And
they tell everybody to invest in the
market. You can't be the S&amp;P 500. Uh you
you can't do this on your own. You can't
be a self-directed investor. just put
your money away, shut up, go away, and
retire in x amount of years. And it's
just brainwashing. I mean, the fact that
they say passive index investing, again,
that's an oxymoron. There's no such
thing. There are fund managers, you just
don't know who they are. They are
constantly rebalancing. They do decide
who's going to be in the index and not,
right? So, it's it's there's just so
much brainwashing out there. It's
incredible. And that's why the people
who join the options crash course, they
are able to go the very next week and
see results. Okay? just go look at my
ex. I I literally every time someone
posts, I ask them, they'll they'll DM me
and I'll ask them, do you mind if I
share this? Over half the people say,
"No, I I don't want people to know what
I'm doing." And I'm like, "Oh, I respect
that." But then the other half will say,
"Yeah, go for it. No problem." And I I
share those and it's just absolutely
incredible to see. I mean, the results
are just absolutely insane. And it's not
that hard to learn. This is something
that everybody should learn. It's just
they don't teach this. They don't teach
this in NBA programs. They don't teach
this in in normal school. They don't
teach this in finance classes. YouTube's
out there with a bunch of honestly most
of it's crap out there. All they talk
about is maybe like how to place a trade
or these general concepts, but no one
talks about real world. Nobody talks
about what to do if you get in trouble.
No one talks about how to exit, how to
properly risk manage. And none of it is
complicated. You just don't know how to
do it. And it pisses me off because I
really think everyone can do this. I
really think everybody could be living a
much better life and everybody can be
dollar cost averaging into their Tesla
into Nvidia into their Palunteer in much
better ways but instead you see all
these people out there buying these
leaps on Tesla buying these leaps on
Palunteer on Nvidia and they're losing
their money. They don't even know their
risk. It's just crazy to me. Anyways,
I'll get off my soap box there. Um but
hey, I'll teach, you know, for you know
a limited amount of time and when I'm
done I'm done. I feel like I'll have
done my job at least to to help as many
people as I could to learn how to be
more capital efficient. Uh and and to do
what you know people won't teach you,
what they won't show you, what they
don't want you to know. Anyways, this
market will likely come down to one of
two things. One, what is going to happen
with the Fed? Are they going to raise
rates or are they not going to raise
rates? And number two, what's happening
with AI? Are we at this inflection point
where these companies are overbuilding
and now we don't get a return on
invested capital where the debt markets
will no longer fund their desire to
spend? Or are we at an inflection point
where we're actually going to start to
see a return on this capital? Let's talk
about SpaceX. Okay, so SpaceX had their
earnings and they had a lot of very
bullish news. Probably the most bullish
thing that they said was that by
December they would be at a $100 billion
ARR annual reoccurring revenue for just
their cloud their neo cloud renting side
of the business. So what does that mean?
How do we put that into context? If
they're right, if they're accurate and
that does happen by December, they would
essentially be the largest Neo cloud in
the world by about 5x. They would be
much larger than Quori, for example. To
put this even more into context, right
now GCP, Google does about 25 billion in
ARR, annual recurring revenue for their
cloud, GCP. Azure just broke the 100
billion run rate. Okay, they're the
second biggest cloud in the world. And
AWS does about 169 billion in ARR. So
that would mean that essentially
overnight SpaceX has become the second
largest cloud in the world tied with
Azure. But really if you think about it
they would be more of a rival with AWS.
Why? Well because what SpaceX is doing
is high costs per hour. That's those
that what I was showing you earlier the
GPUs cost going up the four five $6 per
hour of GPU usage. That's going to be
much higher margin than a lot of what
AWS, Azure or GCP do. You see, they have
also general workloads that they charge
for. And again, this is just a meter
business. So, it's just like your
electric bill. The more you use, the
more you get charged. If that's the
case, that means that what SpaceX has is
yes, it's lower ARR, annual recoccurring
revenue, but higher margin type of of
revenue that they're getting. Now
according to SpaceX in one year they
will so whatever capex they spend this
year capital expenditures it will take
them one year to realize that back and
pay it off. So they're going to see a
one-year return on their capital that
will cover their entire cap backs. Is
this true? Can this sustain? Well,
that's the big question. In fact, that's
such a big question that they debated uh
about this with Bill Gur or Brad
Gersonner uh this past week on the Allin
podcast. If we can keep up at these four
or $5 per hour for GPU rates, then yes,
they probably can do this. And unlike
anyone else, Elon and SpaceX are
uniquely positioned to do this because
they have expertise at setting up data
centers. No one does it better than
them. No one does it faster than them.
Even Jensen said it himself. I believe
what he said, what it what took Elon
team to do in 22 days would have taken
other companies three years. So they are
uniquely positioned to do this. Now if
they can do this, that's going to be a
big deal for SpaceX and their business.
The big question is if the big question
is who's going to pay for that compute?
Do they have the clients lined up? Who
are they? Is it Google? Is it anthropic?
Now it makes sense for Google to rent
from SpaceX because Google actually owns
a big part of SpaceX. So there's a lot
of synergies there. Can this continue?
Will it continue? Well, that's the
biggest question in the world, right?
That is the trillion dollar question in
the room. And in my opinion, I don't see
how it can't. Right now, we are supply
constraint with memory. We have backlogs
for GPUs. We've got political uh issues
right now with building out data
centers, which is crazy. And we have
currently an insatiable amount of demand
because AI is getting better. More
people are using AI. the more that these
uh model the better these models get and
the cheaper they get from a token cost
perspective the more people are going to
want to use it the more demand there is
the more usage there is the more need
there is for these data centers so this
is kind of that cycle kind of
reinforcing itself so I don't see this
slowing down anytime and you know what
you might say well memory's always been
cyclical chips have been cyclical and so
this will eventually fall I don't think
so these companies are putting in
long-term service agreements with the
idea of avoiding the cyclical nature
that we have historically seen in these
spaces. They do not want to build out
all these factories and all of these
chip fabs just to go ahead and shoot
themselves in the foot. They are
avoiding that. I think that this will
actually last a lot longer than we
think. And also, we're thinking about
things linearly. We're thinking about
all of this usage based on what we know
today. yet we're ignoring any
breakthroughs that might happen. We're
ignoring about new use cases that will
happen. So I think that there's going to
be much more demand and this is just the
beginning. That's might sound crazy, but
it's really what I think. So how does
Tesla fit into all this? Because right
now as a Tesla investor, many of you are
probably sitting there thinking like I'm
in limbo. Okay, on the one hand, we've
got Alexandra Tesla boomer mama out
there saying that it's probably going to
happen this month or every day that
doesn't happen. It's more likely that we
hear about a merger between SpaceX and
Tesla. And then I hear Yashu from Hit
That Bid and he's sitting there saying
like, "It's probably not going to happen
till next year. What's the truth here?"
Well, the truth is no, no one knows
anything, as I always say. But it's kind
of puts Tesla investors into a a rough
spot. You know, it puts us between a
rock and a hard place. And to make
things worse, I shared a video uh this
past week by by a friend of the channel
who I won't name because he wants to
reame remain anonymous. He sent me a
video of him road tripping from Florida
from Miami all the way up to uh
Maryland. And along that ride, perfect.
Everything was perfect up until he got
to DC and there was this HOV lane where
it had all these gates down and three
times he because he tested it, you know,
each time. But the first time he he was
driving, he the HOV lane was closed.
Stein was saying it was closed. Gates
were down. There's like three or four
gates in a row. And what did FSD do?
Well, it put him in that lane to go and
he had to take over. And so he thought,
"Oh, maybe that was just a fluke." Sure
enough, it happened a second time. So
after it happened a second time, he knew
another one was coming up. And so he
made sure that he got the recording of
it and there it happened a third time.
So that's a bit disheartening. And you
know, I'll be honest with this most
recent version, and I post about this
this most recent version, I'm having to
not I haven't had any safety
interventions, but just these little
silly things. At a stop sign right
outside my neighborhood, I have to press
on the accelerator to say, "Go. There's
nothing here. Go." uh parking at we went
to a nursery recently like uh you know
like a plant tree nursery um and we went
there to buy some herbs for my wife and
I've been to this nursery before and it
parked perfectly exited perfectly. No,
it could not handle it at all this time
and this was like five versions ago that
it had no problem. I'm finding myself
having to do these interventions that I
didn't have to do before. I still think
it's safe minus what happened with uh
this friend of the channel. That was the
critical intervention that he had very
clearly. And before you guys ask, it's a
newer model Y hardware 4, latest version
of FSD. Okay. So, so it's 14.3.6.
This kind of creates concern about,
okay, I thought before with 14.3.5
and and previous versions of 14 uh.3 I I
I was of the camp like this thing's
perfect. There's no issues with this.
But now here we are. Maybe a little bit
of a regression. Now I don't think it's
a big deal. I'm sure it's something
that's going to get straightened out.
I'm sure it's just a dot release kind of
issue and this is why they do these
testings. This just goes to show that
maybe this is going to take a little
longer than we expected. Maybe Yashu is
right that it's going to take longer
than we expect for the SpaceX Tesla
merger. But this puts Tesla investors in
a pickle because Tesla investors been
waiting for a long time to see what's
going to happen with robo taxi FSD. We
have been told many times that we would
scale, that we'd be in all these
different places and it' be crazy
numbers only to have these past three or
four earnings calls to have these
expectations dampen. What do we do from
here? Well, me, I'm not going to do
anything. I'm going to continue holding
my Tesla shares and I'm going to be
acquiring SpaceX shares because right
now I think SpaceX is honestly the more
tradable, investable company rather than
Tesla. Now hopefully Tesla continues to
show progress, continue to roll out uh
cyber cabs and all that and hopefully
they continue to build out into cities.
Right now I don't think you can trade
much on Tesla. At least I'm not because
at any moment there can be an
announcement about the merger and that
could send the stock up. And I'm not
willing to risk my shares just to make a
few pennies on covered calls. Not worth
it for me. So, in the meantime, I will
continue to trade like I have been
making money around my portfolio, not
selling my Tesla, but I guess it's just
probably gonna be another year of
waiting to see what happens with Tesla.
Again, I'm here for the bigger story.
I'm here for what I think is going to
happen with autonomy and humanoids. I'm
also a supporter of a merger with
SpaceX. Now that we see what SpaceX
might be from a data center perspective,
and this is before we talk about
anything in space, I think that they're
a very exciting company to be investing
in. Uh especially with Starlink and
where that could take us. But what I'm
more excited about is the vision of what
could happen between SpaceX and Tesla.
See, right now, the way I think about it
is we have these long stretches with
Tesla. You know, back when I started
investing in Tesla was 2016, and that
felt like a long stretch for me. It was
about three or four years before we
actually saw anything from the stock
move. But when it did, it was fantastic.
It was great. But now we've been in this
new stretch. And this new stretch for
Robo Taxi Cyber Cabs has taken a lot
longer than I would have ever expected.
Now again, I'm going to be patient. I'm
going to be Look, I've waited this long.
I'm not stopping now. I think this is
going to be a long stretch before we
actually start to see uh things mature
and we actually see the stock move. I'm
gonna sound some I'm gonna sound crazy
here. I still think we hit all-time
highs by the end of the year. Time's
winding down, but it's still what I
think is going to happen. But from cyber
cabs and robo taxis, as that scales, as
the stock appreciates from there to
humanoids, I think it's going to be yet
another very, very long time before we
see the benefits of humanoids. So this
where SpaceX gets interesting. See if
Tesla SpaceX come together then we get
more of these revenue generating
profitable businesses coming online
while we wait for that next trunch of or
that next period uh to happen for
humanoids to come about. So we'll have
the cloud business. Then we'll have the
cloud business in space. We'll have
Starlink scaling. Then we'll have SC
Starlink direct to sell. Then we'll have
probably more things with shuttle
launches and giving services to other
other companies and other businesses.
Then we might have I don't know some
some pointto-point travel on Earth, you
know, hey, you want to go to China in 90
minutes? Great. Here, hop on here, get
your ticket kind of thing. So there's
all kinds of different things that could
happen in between to fill that that
space, that void. until we get that next
jump from humanoids. And I think that's
exciting. And then there's the unknown.
What other kind of projects could SpaceX
and Tesla or at that point point it
would just be SpaceX work together to
build? And I think that's exciting. I
think that is that alone is worth the
two companies merging. Now, there's lots
of debate on how they're going to merge.
Look, at this point, no, no one knows.
And anyone who tells you they know, they
don't. We're all going to find out
together. And I imagine anything that we
think about it's not going to be that
way. I think if there's one thing that
we've learned from SpaceX is that they
are going to do things in their way
which is original. They decided to IPO
themselves. They had these deals with
these indexes to have the inclusion.
Everything they did was pretty unique.
How these tanches of unlocks are
happening. Everything has been unique to
SpaceX. I imagine a merger will be the
same. Will it be a merger of equals? I
don't know. Will there be a premium paid
to Tesla? I don't know, but we'll find
out together. What I do know, or I guess
I don't know anything. What I assume to
know is that I do not think that SpaceX
or Elon will take a dilution for the
acquisition or the merger, whatever
terminology you want to use, of Tesla.
At the same time, I don't know if Tesla
investors or shareholders will vote yes
or let me rephrase that. Retail
shareholders will vote yes for a merger
if it does not include a premium on
Tesla stock. Now, here's the thing. It
doesn't really matter anymore what Tesla
retail thinks because they are such a
small portion at this point. Just with
institutional, Elon and Kimble and you
know essentially the board, they would
probably have enough just to get this
merger through even if it was at current
prices. This is where things get
interesting. Does retail even matter
anymore? Like how how big of an impact
does retail have? And and this is really
just because retail has been selling.
And I think there's a certain point
where we have to look in the mirror or I
guess Tesla and Elon and them have to
look in the mirror and think, "Wow,
what's happening?" That our whole core
cohort of shareholder base is starting
to switch out from heavy retail to heavy
institutional. Do we want that? Maybe
they do, maybe they don't, maybe they
don't care. But it's something that's
worth pondering and thinking about.
Again, just to recap, because now I'm
kind of getting long-winded. I'm not
doing anything with Tesla right now. I'm
just gonna let it sit there. And in the
meantime, I'll make my money around
Tesla without having to sell it. I'll
sit there and I'll wait for that baby to
eventually print money for me. In the
meantime, I'm going to continue to trade
options the way I have been
successfully. I'm going to continue to
teach people at least for a little
longer. And I'm going to help people
figure out how to make money while they
wait for Tesla to eventually wake up and
eventually do the thing that we all know
it's going to do, which is change the
face of our roads, change the way houses
are built, change the idea of car
ownership. This was my initial thesis
when I first got into Tesla back in
2016. I knew that the future was
autonomy. I thought that this would
change the way cities are built, the way
houses were built. I I thought the
houses would no longer need garages. The
idea of car ownership would go away.
That said, be transportation as a
service. And while we are 10 years since
that date, I still believe that that's
the future. In fact, I believe in that
more now than ever. Has it taken longer
than I thought? Yeah, a lot longer. But
the problem was that also a lot harder.
And a lot has happened in this world in
my life. Uh just that I never would have
expected. But you know what the truth
is? I wouldn't change any of it for
anything. I love the Tesla community. I
love being part of this community. I
love that people care at all what I have
to think. Some random guy on the idiot.
An idiot. I don't I don't even know what
I'm saying anymore. some random guy on
the internet who wears backwards hats,
who just talks here into this camera
every Sunday. And I don't know, I you
know, people are sending me shirts like
this. Thank you again, Mr. Bill Curious.
I won't say your real name. Fit 63y old
guy is really fit. But I don't know.
There's just something about the way
life has unfolded and how all the
different little tangents it's taken
that, you know, sometimes it's not even
just about the investment anymore. It's
about the community, about the people
you meet along the way. Now, again,
we're here to make money. Let's get one
thing very straight. We're here to make
money. And I think we will. I really
think so. But until then, I'm going to
be patient and I'm going to continue to
trade my options. I'm going to continue
to teach you and hopefully convince you
to eventually become capital efficient
and see what everyone else is doing.
Until then, I'll see you next Sunday.
Let's have a great week. Keep an eye out
for Tuesday and Wednesday. We got Core
Wee on Tuesday. We've got Nebus on
Wednesday. We've got CPI on Wednesday
and PPI on Thursday. And that's going to
be the highlights of this week. So
again, take care, trade small, and I'll
see you next week. Cheers.