Channel:     jobhakdi
Title:       What MYTHOS Means For SPCX and Tesla Stock
URL:         https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YP-v-9yrEaM
Published:   2026-06-09 18:35 UTC
Fetched:     2026-06-10 01:00 UTC

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

important to broadcast directly from
Pioneer Lands. While while everyone is
waiting for the SpaceX IPO and probably
watching the bloodbath day we have today
again in the market, something of
extreme importance happened today and
that is that mythos by Anthropic. The
new model was released. the model we are
anthropic want the entire world that
they cannot release that model because
it's so dangerous it is so capable that
it opens up all kinds of abuse cyber
security risk and they created this
whole project where they gave this
amazing new model only to a select cyber
security companies and I think 40 large
enterprises to prepare for the rollout
no one knows how much of that was just a
marketing coup and a PR clue how much of
that was just because Enthropic didn't
have the compute to unleash that model
on the world. But it is of extreme
importance for us to watch Mythos to
scan and test what it can actually do.
If you are interested in the future of
humanity, the future of AI and more
importantly the future of Space X stock
and of course Tesla stock because these
are the central loadbearing companies of
our age. SpaceX and Tesla, the leaders
in compute, very soon, the leaders
probably in semiconductors together with
Nvidia. And on the other side,
Anthropic, the leading AI company in the
world right now, a competitor of SpaceX.
SpaceX being the runner up behind with
Curser and Grock. And so anthropic
fable, that is how it's called. They
called it fable instead of mythos. Fable
is the mythos released.
And we have to look at that because it
determines very simple something very
important for SpaceX. It determines if
the crazy plan of SpaceX is actually
feasible to expand compute beyond Earth
to bring it into orbit. And it answers a
very important question. Will we have
indeed unlimited intelligence demand or
are we hitting some sort of ceiling and
if we hit a ceiling with intelligence
because of technology and the models
then maybe compute will not be in
unlimited demand. The entire future of
SpaceX stock depends directly on the
question directly on the question if
compute demand is unlimited or de facto
unlimited or not. When you look at the
prospective SpaceX, which directly
affects SPA Tesla stock, you see that
they are claiming a $28 trillion market,
which is the labor market, which is a
direct function of the question if AI
truly scales infinitely. And so that is
what we are looking at today. So let's
take a look what we have here on the
mythos front and what people actually
see on the alldecisive
benchmarks. Of course benchmarks are not
all decisive. They're just our first
take on it. We need to take a look. By
the way, I can quickly show you how this
actually looks like. Joe returns. Here
is my clawed interface. When you click
on this one, you see Fable and Fable is
included until June 22nd. So we have
roughly 13 days to test it and after
that it switches to usage credits. So
they're a little scared still how much
credits Fable actually uses but they
want everyone to get used to this.
Right now OP 4.8 a very good model my
go-to model right now even though it
started sucking a little bit on writing
and Deep Seek is better in writing in my
opinion but Opus 4.8 is still very good.
So Fable is now here available. Let's
see what this actually says. So here is
the first overview of benchmarks and you
see that at least on the benchmark front
this thing kills
everyone.
Agentic coding sbench pro very important
coding benchmark
80.3%
versus claude mythos preview 77.8 versus
claude ous 4.8 which is the best model
right now.
69%. So this is vastly better. 11% up
and CHP totally beaten here. Gemini not
even a player of course. Agentic coding
29% up from 13% of claude. Uh OPUS
significant knowledge work 1,932 versus
1890. A little bit of an improvement but
significant still. Knowledge work vision
29.8%. So I'm going not not going to
bore you with that but you see extremely
significant leaps and you see here in
pink the ones that were actually marked
as formerly the leaders. So that is
Claude Mythos and Claude Mythos 5 or
Fable 5 absolutely crushing everyone
everyone in all all areas like look at
cyber security what a leap 40% to 78%
that was the scary part health
interesting best model before 56% now
66%.
So on the benchmark side, MUA is looking
extremely impressive and you also see uh
for example this test time compute
scaling. You see claude opus 4.8
uh and you see here average cost per
task and you see that they absolutely
crash it. Here's the pass rate of these
tests
and here is how much you pay per task
and you see that it's absolutely
crushing Claude Opus and Claude Opus is
a very smart model. So that is quite
impressive. Uh so what else do we have?
We have frontier code accuracy versus
cost. Here you see mean cost per task
and here you see score percentage cla
fable low, medium, high, extra high and
max. You can set how smart it is. So you
see it gets very expensive. But also the
score, look at this 10%, the best one
extra high here of Claude Opus 4.8 is
roughly 14%. But the best thing here at
similar well even at lower cost you're
at 17.5%.
At higher costs, this is a log scale, so
it's much more expensive. It's $10, $20,
$5, right? Uh you see absolute crushing
it. So pretty impressive.
Let's look at here. Gentic coding same
thing totally beating everything
and protein complex design by methos 5
targets include immune checkpoints
growth factor and receptor signaling new
degeneration muscle disease and harder
structural target. So in case you're not
a biologist these are tertiary
structures for proteins. So we see the
protein folding and the it's very easy
to design proteins in terms of
you know the amino acid sequences where
you translate the genes into amino acids
and then you line them all up but it's
extremely hard to predict the
three-dimensional folding of the protein
which then actually helps you to predict
the function of the protein. So that is
one of the big or the biggest problem in
biology to do that. And we see here not
a benchmark but we see that mythos seems
to be good at it. I assume we can see
too much from that but uh the fact that
they're showing it means they are quite
impressed by themselves. So
that in a nutshell is
claude fable by the mythos deployed
model. And of course, the question now
is, what does that all mean exactly for
SpaceX? The bottom line here is, and
while I talk about this, I show you some
pretty cool footage here from the latest
interview.
Uh, this is actually the satellite. I'm
not playing the sound. This is the Space
X orbital AI satellite. And when you
look at the prospectus and when you look
at the financial models for SpaceX, it
is very clear that SpaceX, the entire
story is not Starling. Starink is just a
small little trillion dollar revenue
booster, a kind of startup booster for
the company that ensures that we have
cash flow coming in in the next, you
know, five years on a very exponential
scale that is already fully deployed.
This thing here is the big deal. And
what you see here, what you just saw is
an Nvidia rack of GPUs. Roughly 70 GPUs,
I think 78 GPUs. Blackwells or Vera
Rubin's extremely powerful. Roughly 100
or 70, I forgot. 70 or 100 kilowatt.
Yes, of course, the great Elon. And
what that all does, this new satellite
is it opens up something of incredible,
unbelievable power. Let's see if you can
see more satellite comparisons. Uh,
incredible power. And that incredible
power is that if this works, if a bunch
of conditions are actually true, if a
bunch of conditions are actually true
for this whole thing, uh, and these
conditions being that we have unlimited
demand for intelligence because models
like fable are so good that the only
problem is compute. As you saw,
I connect the dots for you. Look at
this.
What does Fable say? I need to test it.
It just came out a few minutes ago. So,
but I assume it's going to be very, very
good. And what Fable says, Fable is
included in your plan limits until June
22nd. After that, switch to usage
credits. Usage credits is code for you
go broke.
Usage credits means they are going to
squeeze you to death and this is not
part of your subscription of your $200,
$90, $20 subscription,
but they charge the hell out of your
credit card or whatever your bank
account. Why are they doing it? Because
it's so expensive. Because they are
compute
constrainted. If we had massive
unlimited compute, it would mean you
could have Fable included in your $200
plan or whatever. And that means massive
increase in agentic capability and
intelligence for all enterprise and all
humans. And whatever the exact math is,
more compute means more fable.
More fable also generates more of these
models.
So the question is are we at a point are
we at a point in time where intelligence
will reach unlimited demand?
I believe yes. I believe we have already
passed that point with OPUS 4.8. eight
because the core intelligence of these
models is just you can think of it as
IQ. It's like a person with 130 IQ and
Fable 5 might have 140 IQ
and now you have this person but what is
so different between humans and AI you
can hire many of these persons millions
billions of these workers if you had the
compute and that is independent of the
question if we have the next model
getting to 160 IQ that is independent of
it I think we have crossed the 130 IQ
threshold roughly and from Here it's
just a question of building the hardness
and the scaffolding around it to make
this worker more and more effective.
That has nothing to do with the actual
core model which means we have already
crossed the Rubicon into unlimited
superior workers that you could
theoretically deploy once you figure out
exactly how to do it and that is not
rocket science. It will be done probably
by end of the year. And now on top of
that, we have a superior model coming
out like Fable. And all of that means
that
yes, we have crossed the Rubicon where
AI is superior to the median or even the
top quartile human worker, white collar
worker. And that means you actually
unlocked already a 28 $35 trillion
market which means replacing all human
workers. Now there are political
consequences. We are not going to go
into that. But there is no doubt that
it's economically true. And at that
moment and from here the market just
grows.
You know Jevans paradox everything. You
know it like you lower the price of
something and the demand the absolute 10
goes up because people will use these
workers much more.
That is already true. That is the big
statement I'm going to make here. It is
already true that we have passed that
point. And once you pass that point that
we have now passed and fable and mythos
is just one more piece of evidence that
makes this undeniably true.
Once you pass that point, from an
economic theory perspective,
you have unlimited demand for
intelligence because now you can convert
intelligence into economic productivity
at any scale and there is of course no
cap to economic productivity increase
and economic output increase if you
understand anything about economics. So
that means the bottleneck now shifts
wholly and completely to the supply side
of things. And what does that mean? It
shifts wholly and completely to the
question, do we have enough compute? In
other words, every piece of compute, as
long as the price doesn't go up, but
keeps going down, which it does,
will be bought. And that means whoever
is able to build out compute can do so
with no constraints, no cap, and no
limit on demand and economic value
created. Which means for the builder of
compute, everything shifts solely and
exclusively to the question, how much
space,
pun intended, how much space do you
have? How quickly do you get the
permits? And how do you organize the
energy?
And when you look at Space X's
satellite, you understand there are no
permits unless we meet aliens and they
have their administration installed in
the galaxy, which I think is not the
case to my knowledge. There are no
permits in space. There's a lot of space
in space, often misunderstood. Elon
clarified it. Space has a lot of space.
And third, we have unlimited energy. We
can increase the energy we consume for
our civilization by roughly one trillion
times. That is when we actually exhaust
all the energy of our sun of our star
called the sun. A trillion times the
size of the current energy consumption
is quite the number. I don't know what
that means in cash flow, but something
very big. And Elon says his goal is to
get it to a million times. So 1
millionth of the sun or a million times
more than we currently use on earth.
That is exactly the TAM we are looking
at. And that is very significant. And
once you understand these three points,
intelligence demand is now unlimited
because you can convert it straight into
straight into economic value.
And you understand that now we actually
are in a situation
where we are only supply constrainted.
And then you understand SpaceX
has effectively solved once Starship is
reusable which is nearly the case. It
will be guaranteed the case next year
and they have the AI satellites which is
very easy. I said it in November. Elon
now made it very clear that it is the
case. It is easy. You are looking at a
situation where you have an unlimited
upside potential and I'm not
exaggerating
and that is
absolutely
crazy and that is how these things are
connected. We are actually building the
model
as we speak in pioneer lens. We'll show
you this thing one more time.
&gt;&gt; How do you get the power for it? uh and
and that's where a lot of
&gt;&gt; in pioneer lens we are building the
model right now to model this all out we
made some more progress today this is
coming together very nicely I'm actually
doing this in clot design right now can
show you a little bit of a preview um
and this is quite
the thing here you see the beautiful
satellite again that is quite the thing
you need to understand how these things
connect and then you can make the right
decision. But it is truly astonishing
the times we live in because this is
absolutely nontrivial.
Here is the AI1 satellite. Look at this
beautiful thing. Uh I don't know if they
will compare it here to
uh so you see wingspan 70 m wide. You
see deployable liquid radiators. In the
middle you see the compute rack,
centralized compute. And then you see
the solar arrays that are in solar
synchronous orbit, meaning they point to
the sun 24/7.
And uh that means they have a lot of
energy they can harvest. I want to see
if there's a comparison.
No, probably not. So that is indeed
where we are at. So let's see what you
guys are saying
here. Let's see
what are the comments today.
Hello watching. Today seems to be a
repeat of Friday. Well, not as bad. Not
even close. We already recovering.
Um,
why can't Tesla stay above 400? Good
question. What is the IQ of a model that
can reliably create an image of someone
holding up their left hand?
Well, IQ is a complicated thing when it
comes to these models. You know how it
is. But you have to understand, don't be
too nitpicky about it. Obviously, the
models are not as good as humans in some
respects, but they're vastly superior to
humans in many other respects.
So, when SpaceX buys Tesla, will Tesla
owners get SpaceX shares in exchange?
Yeah, of course. So, Nordic man asks how
this works. Yes, there was a big
speculation going on. Alexander Merz
thinks the merger announcement is going
to happen very quickly. Let's see about
that. Uh it's going to be if there's a
ratchet built in, right? If SpaceX
offers to buy Tesla, let's say in August
or July, uh I said it before. I think
Alexander is half right, but she sees
this a little too simple. If SpaceX
simply announces they make an offer to
Tesla,
uh that's going to be pretty wild
because no one knows what that offer
will look like effectively if they just
say it's a onetoone merger, right?
Shortterm that might look good but the
decision will be in November or whenever
or much later than the announcement and
that means the market will not be able
to digest this accurately because it
will be unclear what the value of SpaceX
actually will be because it will be very
volatile SpaceX. So if it's at two
trillion who tells you it's not going to
be at 1 trillion at time of the merger
which then means Tesla shareholders and
the market won't know if Tesla
shareholders are going to vote yes. Of
course if Tesla is at 1.2 2 trillion and
you can get bought for two trillion.
Probably people vote would yes but
that's not how it works. If they just
one on one merge but the merger happens
six months later no one knows how Tesla
shareholders will are going to vote
because if SpaceX drops below Tesla
everyone is going to vote no everyone.
So I introduced like the idea of a
ratchet where you basically say if
SpaceX is at two trillion when they
announce the merger they should say we
merge oneonone if we are two trillion or
more market cap. If you're less than one
two trillion we are guaranteeing to buy
Tesla for two trillion. So if SpaceX
falls to 1 trillion they need to buy
Tesla at a 2:1 rate which means Tesla
shareholders will own 66% of the new
entity not 50%.
Uh, heavy driver says, "Yo, you you got
to get Alexandra back on and argue in
doish bra.
That would be fun."
Malcolm says, "Loving the content. Very
informative." Thank you. I appreciate
it. I love this kind of stuff. These are
the big questions of our time.
Boomer mother was just mentioning you. I
didn't uh she was live with uh Herbert.
I don't know. I hope she said something
nice. Uh, Ca Cass W F WF says, "Do you
think Elon is purposefully holding back
robot taxi scaling so Tesla does not
take attention of SpaceX?"
Hard to imagine. You guys have to
understand that the risk doing these
things is very high because it's highly
illegal. So, you know, if you want to do
that, it's very hard to even tell people
in Tesla to hold something back. So, I
don't think so. If te if SpaceX drops
below Tesla market cap, they can't
acquire it. This is not correct.
Microsoft
uh you can acquire whatever you want as
long as the other side agrees. So, if
SpaceX is one trillion, they can still
buy Tesla for two trillion. You just
issue enough shares. I covered that. If
you have 13 billion shares outstanding
or 12 if you have 12 billion shares
outstanding which is true for SpaceX
they could take 24 billion shares and
buy Tesla. So in the end the Tesla
shareholders will own 24 billion shares
and SpaceX will own 12 billion shares of
the new entity. You can absolutely do
that and they have already authorized
36 billion shares. So,
uh, Blake Anderson says, "Mixed." She
says, "You're a good debater." Well, I'm
not a good debater. I just prepared my
model. Well, I'm just conveying.
Truth. That's what I'm doing. Uh, Alan
Johnson, I've owned Tesla for 5 years.
Cannot get one IPO share, let alone
more. Fidelity requires 500,000 in one's
account. Oh, I didn't know that. Mary
Lynch 400,000. TDM America 100,000 for
an active trading account. Didn't know
that.
Did you buy Tesla dip today? No, I had
to reshuffle again like Friday. Uh, do
you ever advise toxle leverage Tesla?
Options is too much of a headache for
me. Yeah, options are a giant headache
in days like this. It was super annoying
today. Again,
uh, I think we're doing well. Let me
check Tesla. Today was a very guys I
tell you my days are very stressful.
Friday was stressful.
Today was stressful. 369. What a what a
nightmare. But it's fine. At least
NASDAQ is recovering.
Um
Anise
says, "First of all, thank you for all
you do sharing your analysis with us.
Quick question. What's the reason for
the market sell off today?" Uh thanks.
It's very nice to hear. Um well, same
reason as for Friday. I told you guys,
we can go into that if you want. Very
quickly, a little market analysis here.
Uh as I explained my perspective on
Friday, uh we have seen a massive runup.
Look at this. You have to look at
NASDAQ. Always don't get tunnel vision
on Tesla. This has nothing to do with
Tesla. What's happening to the stock
right now? It's all NASDAQ. It's all the
market being annoying.
Um,
oh my god, it's down to 396 again. So
annoying.
Uh, so we saw a giant runup of the
NASDAQ in a very short period of time.
So March 30th, so April and May
in two and a half months kind of we went
up like an insane person. I think 20% or
something on the on the market. So it
was time for a breather. Look at this.
You know, Friday was pretty brutal. of
course went up a little bit and now we
drop again. So to some extent
unfortunately this is normal. You have
to take breathers like this which means
there is no reason in my opinion to be
nervous. Well of course I'm annoyed but
not nervous. Um because things like this
just happen if you run up too much. You
need to you can't just go up like an
insane. Look at this. If you look at the
five-year chart, you see that drop and
then it ran up like crazy. And when you
draw this line, that's what I'm always
recommending the exercise. If you just
draw this linear line, you don't need to
be a chart astrologer.
You see, we are right now where we
actually belong. If that is the trend
line, the long-term trend line, we went
over the trend line. We went under the
trend line and then we got over excite
over the trend line. And here's the
trend line. You can see this if you just
go up like this. Boom, boom, boom, boom,
boom. Right? We are slightly under the
trend line. And so if we assume we in a
bull market, we just keep going up, we
are we should be exactly where we are
right now. So that's how I see it. So
there's no reason to be really concerned
and Tesla is just moving with the
market. Actually, a little better than
it should. Um, and that's it. That
doesn't mean it's not super annoying,
but that's where we at right now. And so
the question is when does Tesla start to
trade actually independent of the
market? We have Friday coming up. A
little scary. We don't know what exactly
happens tactically and short-term to
Tesla's stock. Might drop or it might
rally. Who knows? That is impossible to
predict. I think because SpaceX is such
an unusual IPO situation. Um you you
know that I'm very bullish on the robo
taxi situation in June. or let's say
pretty bullish, not very bull. Like I
think it's reasonable to assume that
something's going to happen.
Um
Warren speculates that there won't be a
merger, but rather John Venture. I don't
think so. I think I disagree with Warren
there. I think it's too much baked into
this whole thing. It's too clear that
Elon wants a merger. It's too clear that
he needs to consolidate control.
Uh Quarterman says it's over. Mythos
will now build rockets and self-driving
cars
probably. Who knows? Uh, Nvidia looked
good today. Almost under 200. What do
you mean good? Why is this good?
Uh, Nvidia is probably strong. Let's see
where it is right now.
Where's Nvidia? Why does it not show me
the stock?
Why is this not working? Uh let's see
where Nvidia is.
Uh
where is Nvidia stock?
Why is this all messed up?
That's the disadvantage if you have
Windows that your browser constantly
resets its default search away from
Google.
You can't change it.
Uh,
okay. So,
search engine default Google. Let's get
it back. Okay. Not that I like Google,
but better than Bing. Let's see where
Nvidia is.
2584. Oh. Yeah, that's what I thought.
What is your Tesla price target for this
end of this year? Well, it's very simple
for Tesla. Well, first of all, we don't
know what SpaceX does and if they merge.
But if we actually get to 15,000 robo
tax is deployed, I think the share price
will go
way above 700.
What's your prediction on Rocket Lab
given SpaceX IPO? It was 152 weeks ago.
I don't know too much about I mean I
know Rocket Lab of course I know the
company and I know what they do and I
think they're cool but I don't have a
good valuation model for Rocket Lab. Um
I mean I always make jokes about space
like SPCE stupid Virgin Galactic.
They're going through the roof because
people are confusing them with SpaceX
probably. So I think the space sector
will just benefit in general from this
whole thing. Do you think Tesla don't
push robotex to keep Tesla stock lower?
Well that's the big conspiracy theory. I
don't think so.
Uh 396. That's what I meant. Yes. Will.
Sorry.
Uh what do you think about the AI bare
thesis that most businesses can no
longer afford it since LLM switched to
token based pricing and that this is the
end for Claude and OpenI?
Uh Microsoft. No, I don't think that's
actually happening.
uh
there is a natural thing that they gave
out compute very cheaply and now they
have to rein that in. I think that is
normal to some extent. Uh but of course
the greater trend is that compute
becomes cheaper and cheaper and that
this is very bullish for this whole
situation. That's what I think is going
on. So I would not say that there is a
strategic problem.
NASDAQ dropping as we speak. Where does
all the trillions come from to quintuple
multi- trillion dollar companies? Don't
people have to buy goods and services?
Where's all this money coming from? So
RW hir this is one of the great
questions
that we have to figure out. It's a great
question
because I think people have some
misconceptions about the economy
uh because they think the economy
requires people to have money so they
can buy goods and services.
But that is unfortunately not true. Uh
you don't need people to have money. You
just need someone to have money so they
can buy all the goods and services. And
of all the goods and services will be
space compute. You can have five people
carrying the entire global economy.
You can have Jeff Bezos buying from
SpaceX trillions of compute to do
something and then selling it back to
SpaceX.
Of course, that's a pretty dystopian
economy because it means everyone else
is completely broke and probably
starves. But from a purely economic
perspective, we have to understand this
assumption that you need the people to
have money is wrong. It's just
technically wrong. You don't need people
to have money in order to grow the
economy constantly. All you have to do
is restructure the economy. So, it's
basically just transactions between
giant corporations back and forth.
And then you have a giant constantly
growing economy that creates massive
amounts of value for the people who have
the capital.
Obviously, that creates massive problems
politically, but it does not create
problems economically. And I think you
see that exactly happening right now
that the top 10%
overtook the bottom 90% in assets. The
top 20% are now exceeding the bottom 80%
in the United States in consumption. So
you see the whole trend and you see also
the share of the economy that is not
consumption becoming bigger because all
these B2B transactions are huge. So it
is absolutely conceivable that 99% of
the economy are five companies giving
each other money through transactions,
circular transactions and that's the
economy of the future. So
is that really bad? Of course it's
really bad and there will be an
implosion politically. There will be all
kinds of problems. But economically this
is absolutely conceivable and we in fact
see the science of this happening. It's
a total concentration of wealth with
corporations and rich people and you
don't need poor people increasingly for
the economy.
So the key to survival is latching onto
one of these juggernaut companies and
investing exactly not just for
individuals also for for countries.
One reason why Norway, for example, is
the best positioned country in the world
is because they don't need to work
anymore because they have two trillion
and they are sovereign wealth fund and
they're only four million people. So
they need to never work again. They're
just all rich and that is actually the
future.
Now we can fight over if that's good or
bad, but that doesn't change anything.
So yes, you need to control your capital
and make sure you invest it in a smart
way. So actually a very interesting
discussion how you build societies in
that new AGI economy. That's what we are
working on in Pioneer Lands. It's a lot
of work. Uh but I showed you guys a
little bit of this here. This is the
knowledge map I'm working on and it's
getting and here's the AI economy that
describes this whole thing where we will
have more little knowledge units. But
here we are building now. They're not
done yet, but you're seeing these models
and then you can click on that and you
get actually the you will actually get
the economic models behind it. That's
what we are doing right now. Space also
very interesting. Still messed up a
little bit here. This is still messed
up. I'm working on it. But you have
scale chip production, rapid reusable
rockets, AI satellites, Luna base, the
whole thing. So we can simulate what's
happening and put the numbers behind it.
That is the plan. That is what's
happening. Tesla looking bad. The market
looking bad today. Terrible day again,
but that's our life right now. We can't
do anything about it.
How about Sanders AI fund? Well,
uh,
I don't know. Like, I don't like I think
the United States has a political
problem. You can't have politics if
everyone hates each other. So, uh, no
one believes Bernie and, uh, you can't
execute these things. So, whatever. It's
not about having ideas. Ideas are cheap.
What's hard is trust. Ideas without
trust are politically useless because
everyone thinks you're lying and you
have some hidden agenda. So, that is my
biggest concern. And I think trust is
one of the biggest factors
for nations and societies to survive.
And this mistrust is bad. And of course,
you can't just trust people if you can't
trust them. So, you know, it's going to
be very interesting what happens. Um,
but yeah, I mean, it's a nice idea, but
it's not just about ideas. You need to
have a society that can actually act
collectively,
and trust is the key. and trust. I don't
know how to restore that in the United
States and in some other countries.
We will see interesting times ahead. I
hope this was interesting. We're going
to wrap it up now. Uh let's see how much
more pain we have today in the market.
Well, Nordic man,
the difference is everything is very
easy if you have high IQ
people in a country that trust each
other. These are the two conditions that
make your life easy. It's extremely easy
to make any country as rich as you want.
Unless you have a bunch of idiots or
people who don't trust each other and
then nothing is possible. There's a
great comparison UK versus Norway. Very
similar setup. Uh UK had a lot of
offshore oil. They completely messed it
up and they're broke and their country
is broken. And Norway just said, "Why
don't we just tax revenue and don't
waste it with idiotic government, but
invested and now Norway is like the
richest country ever."
Uh Amur de Pararei says the vast
majority of US politicians are criminals
and traders. True, but that's
unfortunately also true for some other
countries in Europe. How do banks
survive? They don't even give you a
toaster anymore and no interest. Uh,
interesting questions. Everyone will
have to check their business models. I
guess
this will be interesting.
Where's Tesla?
395.
This is a very tough day. Let's see what
happens tomorrow.
So guys, let's wrap this up. I hope this
was interesting. Muthos is out. The AI
march forward continues
and it will be tricky trading ahead this
week for Tesla because we don't know
what SpaceX exactly is going to do to
it, but we will try our best. Okay,
I hope that was interesting and see you
tomorrow.