Channel:     jobhakdi
Title:       LIVE: Tesla Stock Outlook, Starship V3 launch and Pioneerlands NEWS
URL:         https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=o2f4LrLJMFQ
Published:   2026-05-17 16:42 UTC
Fetched:     2026-05-17 23:00 UTC

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

is evolving into something very powerful
and a little bit separate. So maybe we
call it the round table. Let's see. You
can let me know what you guys think.
Mark Haidider, welcome. Hypers first man
on board today. So let's start this
session today. Welcome everyone. with a
look at Tesla, our favorite stock. Our
stock that reflects the future of
humanity better than most others, even
though we have other favorites, too.
From Nvidia to Robin Hood, even
Coinbase, but Micro Strategy and many
other things. By the way, CERN Basher
joining me next week in a podcast on my
channel too actually where we discuss
very important things as you will see.
But today, let's look at Tesla. It was a
bloodbath. It was an absolute bloodbath
on Friday. I did not have a good day
with Pioneer Alpha because as you know,
I believe we're going back to 490. I got
a little greedy. I was very heavy in
short puts out of the money and at the
money at 440. So that tear Pioneer Alpha
down. So we probably I don't have the
numbers in yet, but probably tomorrow or
Tuesday, we probably had the worst week
of the year after two of the best weeks
of the year. That's the price you pay if
you go all in and ride the lightning up.
We had ridiculous gains, but Friday was
a bad day. So, we probably end up this
last week as our negative alpha week of
the year. So far, probably negative 3%
or something under Tesla. But I will
tell you the exact numbers very soon
once we have completed the analysis. I
was a little distracted.
Why? I will show you later in this
session. We have very exciting news. I
was very distracted. So I couldn't
update everything. There's manual checks
when we report on Pioneer Alpha because
this is institutional now. So we can't
make any mistakes. Uh and I was a little
distracted this weekend because I was
building together with a team something
absolutely amazing for Pioneer Lands and
I will present it to you in a beta
version probably available tomorrow with
a little bit of luck but you will see
the preview that is the topics.
Um, Jovin asked, "What do you think
about Google stock?" We will get to this
later. First, we have to talk about
Tesla is a good question. We answer it
later. For now, we look at Tesla and the
total blood bath. Of course, the NASDAQ
was down 1.5%
and Tesla was down 4.75%, so 1.75% more
and then dropped more after hours. So,
based on beta movements with the market,
it should have been down 3%, which would
have been much nicer. But Tesla went
down even more. Probably because it ran
up so much. So the bottom line here is
Tesla for the week is
down nearly nothing
but flat for the week because it ran up
so much. But why is this all happening
and what does it mean for next week? So
the analysis here is crystal clear. This
has nothing to do with Tesla and
everything with the market. And we need
to talk market to understand what
happens next. When you look at this
1.54%
and the drop happened in the very
beginning, the NASDAQ got crushed. Not
extremely crushed, but pretty severely
crushed after the runup. Still up a
little bit for the week.
After the China summit was over, it
crashed. Why is that? And I have some
theories that I want to take you guys on
to look at and then draw some
conclusions what happens next because it
is very decisive and very important for
us as investors to understand
is this just a hiccup? Is this just a
hiccup in a long runup? Right? Look at
this crazy thing. Since end of March,
since beginning of April, we are on a
complete tear after a pretty bad or dull
Q1.
Is this just a little hiccup, a little
breather that would be very, very much
earned here because we ran up so much?
Is this just nothing to see here? Are we
going flat on Monday, a little bit down
more, and then continue the rally? Or
has something changed in the greater
setup of the market? The greater setup
of the market. That's what we have to
figure out. Nikki Boyoy asks if you're
getting stimulus checks. Maybe soon,
which wouldn't be that great.
So, here is some thinking around that.
So, number one, we see that bond yields
are very very scary. 30 year old uh 30
30 year US bonds are now close to the 5%
threshold. Very disturbing. The 10year
is at 5.8%
or something. Let's see where it is.
This is very concerning.
And so the bonds are on an absolute
tear.
And you also see this is not just the
United States, it's also all the other
countries. Look at this. This is not
very relaxing. Here's the tenure uh for
the German bund. Here's the US Treasury.
So even German bund Germany is in total
freeall of course with that government
they are absolutely destroying
themselves fiscally and in every other
respect energy and migration too but
fiscally complete self suicide and
destruction. You see that Germany was
doing extremely well had negative
uh negative rates but you see the
pattern. The US also on a complete tear
in a bad way up.
Japan maybe the most scary of all
because Japan we all got used to very
low yields. The yen carry trade you
heard all about it. People you know
fleeing Japan for higher yields that
pushing a lot of capital into the United
States. Now we might see the reverse
which is a very structural risk to the
market. UK of course I mean these people
are completely destroying themselves of
course and France I don't even know if
that's still a country. I'm not sure
about France but look at the UK complete
self-destruction. Germany very bad. And
Japan the most scary thing for the
United States. And of course the US
itself
problematic situation.
And when we look at the yields,
here is CNBC. What's the latest bonds?
Look at this. Boom, boom, boom. 5
9 uh uh 4.59 4.6%. This is also not
great when you look at how the bond
yields moved. So why is that? Look at
this spike. That explains a lot what is
happening here with the market. Look at
this 5day
you saw it uh here 5:14
5:15 was Friday. So you saw this and
this is not a good chart. Look at this.
And that in my opinion explains why the
market is getting scared. So this is not
just a breather. We have to understand
it. These bond yield developments are
very scary. Look, beginning of the week
we were at 4.46. Now we at 4.6. six. So
nearly.14
point percentage points higher. That is
very scary. In case you don't know how
this works, bonds are a much bigger
market than equities. It's the world's
largest market. And when bond yields go
up, bonds go down, right? Because you
have to devalue the bond when trades. So
the fixed yield of a bond gets higher
because you're buying at a lower
principle. So people are selling bonds
cheaper because no one wants them. They
want them get cheaper so they get higher
yields. Why is that? Because of
inflation. We had this inflation shock
because of Iran. And everyone kind of
knew that.
That is the big topic of today from a
macro perspective. Everyone knew that
Iran had a problem that the straight of
Homus is closed. Everyone knows all
these things. But it's not really priced
in that this keeps the way it is. And
that is that is the big problem
here. Uh Nikki Boyoy says in Canada,
same problem. So
So we get to Tesla in a second, but we
need to watch macro. So here because
that is the the determining factor for
my thesis that Tesla goes to 490
quickly. I always said it only goes to
all-time highs back because it's in a
very strong position. It only Tesla goes
back to all-time highs. If the market
keeps up what it is doing and Tesla has
no other catalysts. If Tesla gets more
catalyst, it goes up faster. If it
doesn't have catalyst and the market
keeps being bullish, it goes back to
490. But here's the thing. We see
serious warning signals. Serious warning
signals that this party might be coming
to an end, at least short term, if this
doesn't resolve. This is not a good
number for the bonds and that means
money is getting getting pulled out of
the stock market now because if you get
very high yields in bonds, people sell
stocks and move them into bonds because
you get free money. You get high yields
here with US treasuries. So the higher
the US treasuries go, the less money
there is for stocks because the more
people put it into US treasuries because
they get higher interest. Now why do
they get higher interest? because the
inflation is going up because of oil.
Okay. And we saw the CPI numbers. That
is actually concerning for my thesis
because my thesis was hinging on the
market being bullish. If this continues,
we are now running into real risks that
we are just not bullish anymore. And
that would be the end of this whole fun.
Now, of course, Tesla can always pull
itself up by its own shoelaces if it
pulls off something big, which there are
multiple big things, but I rather have a
bull run where I don't even need that
and Tesla goes up. So, let's look a
little deeper here.
So, we have seen the oil prices moving
up, right? This is another important
chart. So we have seen in the middle of
this whole crisis in April and February
and in March and and April it was a
total spike right. Uh the brand July
futures that look forward they were not
that nervous. They were all assuming the
war is over quickly. The real prices go
of course up right because no one cares
about the black thing because the black
thing is the actual oil price. No one
cares about that. People care about the
oil price in the future. But what you
saw since what is this April 20th is
that that future price goes up. So the
blue line is a reflection of what the
market thinks actually will happen to
oil in the future.
And what's very important is that there
is now real fear. There's real fear that
we actually run into a problem with the
straight of homos. And it's not super
big fear. The assumption is still this
is over soon and the straight of Homus
will open in time but the clock on this
thing is ticking because if it doesn't
open in time we are hitting a problem
and so we need to observe that if we
want to stay ahead of everything. So,
sorry I have to to do so much macro, but
it's all about macro if you want to
control have some control over the Tesla
stock direction. So, here's the
situation with a straight off Homus.
There is we can make a very strong
argument that a negative inflection
point meaning a huge rise in oil prices
on a sustained level hitting then
inflation and tearing down the stock
market inevitably, right? And putting
pressure on the Fed to raise rates and
all kinds of terrible things. If oil
stays high, we are dead right now. We
all assume oil is not staying high, but
the futures start changing.
And there is a certain thesis that is a
very strong thesis right now that if the
straight of Homus does not open in May
or let's say at some point early June we
are hitting a negative inflection point
that cannot be reversed easily. So as
you know the straight of Hamus is a
choke point for global oil. Over 20% of
all global oil goes through that through
that straight and Iran is blocking it.
And now Trump decided to block it too.
Uh because why not? And
let's see. Can we click on this straight
for moose? Here's the straight for
moose. And I mean you all know this
thing. Let's zoom in here. Oman. Here's
UAE.
Oops.
Here is the United Arab Emirates. Here's
Oman. There is Dubai. Rasal Kiman.
Here's Iran. Here's trade of Hummus. All
the oil needs to go through this from
Kuwait, from Qatar, from Bahrain.
And that is the problem, right? And so
this is blocked as you all know. Um
and the problem is
that global oil markets start with a
very healthy buffer right probably near
decade uh highs near decade highs in
early 2026. So the good news when the
Iran war started was China, other
people, United States had very high
inventories, buffers, right? They could
release their own oil and use their own
oil. But the draw downs throughout the
war have been record setting. 250
million barrels drawn in March and April
alone, 4 million uh daily rate out of
these big reserves. Okay. The OCD
commercial stocks were plummeting,
right?
and uh forecasts
now highlight the May and June crunch.
UBS says inventories could approach
record lows, 7.6 billion barrels by end
of May if trends continue. JP Morgan
says commercial inventories, especially
OCD, approach operational stress levels
by early June. So JP Morgan says early
June, UBS says end of May with an
operational flow by end of June. So end
of June is bad. If this, you know, stays
closed, product inventories, gasoline,
jet fuel could hit critically low level
even sooner. Now
the
uh EIA
as of midmay assumes closure through
late May. Losses peak at 10.8 million
per day, barrels per day in May.
And
uh sorry the Aramco analyst says buffer
exhaustes risk of phys physical
shortages. So
long story short
we are now getting concerned again about
Iran and this time not about any kind of
war but the blockade of the straight of
Hormus. And if this happens we are at
risk of driving really driving up oil
prices in a way that we cannot take
back. And you see that as I showed
before in these futures, the blue
futures you have to watch. And the fact
that these blue futures are now on the
rise is very concerning because that's
forward-looking futures of the oil
price. So why is this all important?
Because my thesis on Tesla was based on
the assumption that the market stays
bullish. If the market crashes, of
course Tesla crashes.
And if the market stays flat or goes
down slightly even without a crash or
has this you know headwinds we have a
situation and
uh when we are like not clear what's
going to happen and this this is exactly
what I'm watching now.
So
that's the problem.
That is the problem that I have with the
whole Tesla situation. So what I'm
doing, let's get to strategy and
tactics. What I'm doing is I still have
high exposure, a little reduced
exposure, but still high. So if we drop
more, I will get hurt. Pine Alpha gets
hurt. If we drop 410 or 400,
God save us all if that happens. But on
Monday, uh so if we see continued slide
down, so either we open green and go up,
everything is fine. I still will take it
a little slower then because I don't
trust the macro situation. If you slide
down more, I don't know exactly where
this stops. If the market has a little
panic attack right now with these yields
because you have to understand this is
not just the stock market. You have you
have seen the bonds and then it becomes
more scary because it's not just the
stock market throwing a tantrum. Then it
becomes the stock market watching the
other market and the other market is you
know if that goes more up we have a
problem. So I am
watching Monday.
If we go down I have to derisk and take
some losses. If we go up I will probably
ride the dragon a little more but also
slowly take it down a notch the
leverage. Uh if we go down right away
I'm definitely at the limit. I have to
pull the brakes. So that's what I always
say. If you're in any case in options,
short-term options, short-term short
puts or something, you need to be super
disciplined and if you lose money, start
losing money be because something is
going wrong, you need to take the losses
and bite the the foul apple or whatever
you say, the sour apple. Do not hope.
Hope kills.
Okay, so that is the take on this.
Um Marx says or Maraider
uh we have countries leaving OPEC and
South America outputting more oil as
well will be resolved eventually but it
might take a while. I agree. I also
would bet on this getting resolved but
the problem is that might take multiple
weeks for the markets to realize uh and
the real resolution starting to happen.
So if you are dependent on very
short-term trading
this is a risky situation. We could
definitely get a little panic here. We
could also could not.
So I would say my takeaway is we are in
a new regime right now in a new tactical
regime and we cannot be as bullish as we
used to be for risk reasons. You can
still be fully invested in Tesla and
everything but high leverage in this
situation dangerous. Whereas before I
was all for high leverage. I am still
highly leveraged but I'm taking out
leverage now. This is too risky for me
short term.
So,
what else do we have? We have some
questions and then we have one important
piece of news that has to do with
SpaceX. Very important here. Greetings
from Germany. We have we have DB Boots
from Ohio tuning in. Hi, Doots. And we
have Cypress Hill 2007 from Germany.
Greetings to Germany. Uh, do you think
there might be a dead cat bounce on
Monday? Well, that's the that's the many
many many many many thousands of dollar
question for me. If we get a dead cat
bounce, I hope so. It would allow me to
de-risk a little more civilized, but I
can take any move.
Um, maybe people are selling bonds to
buy things like stretch and SATA,
stretch from strategy and sata from
another company's drive.
I don't think that happens at that
scale. Uh,
do you think unsupervised FSD will drive
car sales?
I think oil price drives car sales. I
mean Tesla is on an absolute tear when
it comes to substance. So this whole
Iran situation is super good for Tesla
on a substance level, but that doesn't
affect the stock shortterm. That is
something that we'll probably see in
sales in the next uh quarterly earnings.
Michael Tyler is another YouTuber and
he's called out the situation with bond
rates Thursday night. I had a little
exposure Friday but not so bad. Yeah, I
know Michael Tyler's YouTube he
sometimes he has good points. Uh but
it's always hard to predict, right? I I
I heard all these things. I was very
focused on Tesla, so I lost a little
track of macro. I have to admit this is
the price you pay when you're in the
market with full investments.
Uh you have to be on top of it. And I
admit I got sucked a little bit too deep
into Tesla and lost track of macro last
week and that cost me very dearly. So
you can never you always have to be on
top of it. So hi from Holland Sam. If
Tesla and Micro Strategy go down with
the market then I have more time to
expand my positions for lower prices.
Exactly. You're totally right. If you're
not tactically trading and and relying
on weekly performance, then this is all
gold because nothing changes in the big
picture or if anything changes, it's to
the positive, especially with Micro
Strategy and especially with Tesla. So,
let's go to Oh, we have Monaco. Uh,
Caramelo Parisi. Hi to Monaco. We have
people from everywhere.
Now, let's talk about something
extremely exciting.
Uh, Taylor Brown's Dcast
says, "Will Tesla go up because Space
RPO news?" Well, here's an important
thing talking about SpaceX.
We are building a very sophisticated
model right here of SpaceX at Pioneer
Alpha. I'm hiring a bunch of additional
analysts and we are making good
progress. This is like very exhausting
all this hiring process but we are
making progress. you're digging deeper
and I slowly slowly the whole picture
emerges of orbital AI all the crazy
things that are happening
and the more I'm digging into SpaceX
especially with the questions is SpaceX
merger a bad deal for Tesla shareholders
you know I covered this to some extent
and presented my model but when I look
at this model all these questions is
SpaceX a good investment will it go down
after IPO I think yes it will is it bad
for Tesla shareholders. I think likely
in the first 12 months it's going to be
a drag on Tesla shares, but after that
it will be a huge boost for the merged
entity compared to Tesla only. But it
all hinges on one central question.
Okay, that is why this news is so
important. One central question and that
central question is will Starship be
ready in 2027 for commercial flights?
Now when we model this
first of all I need to emphasize that
some people get this wrong okay this is
as so many things in life and so many
things in the future this is actually
not
it's a little different with FSD but
this here is not a black or white
situation it is not the question of
Starship just works or not because
Starship already works it's already
proven to go to orbit it's already
proven to open the cargo base. Uh it
cannot reuse the actual Starship, only
the boosters. And the boosters still
have some issues, but only minute
issues. But the Starship cannot be
reused right now. They have problems
with the heat tiles. So you have to
dispose of Starship right now. And
that's the kind of discussion we have to
have now as shareholders, future
shareholders, merged shareholders. We
need to understand what exactly is going
on. not this pie in the sky stuff that
the fanboys just say it's amazing we go
to Mars like bro you're not going to
Mars for now and we can't even land we
can't even bring back Starship and the
fact that we will be able to bring back
Starship is of no interest to me because
I need to understand when exactly are we
able to bring it back this year next
year 2028 2029 when because that will
drop prices another 5x
but here's the interesting thing even if
we assume We cannot reuse Starship. This
already brings down the costs by roughly
4x 3 to 4x. Even if you dispose of
Starship, it's three to four times
cheaper than Falcon Heavy because this
thing is so large and you can reuse the
booster. So we have to understand
we have guaranteed success here to some
extent and you have to think of it not
whether it works or not but on a cost
curve you know the current version of
Starship what cost for kilogram to orbit
does it represent
version three assuming starship cannot
be used what cost does it represent it
$1,000 per kilogram is it 600 is it 500
is at 400. What happens once Starship
can be reused, let's say five times, and
what happens if that reuse costs $5
million per reuse for the tiles or
something versus $1 million versus
$100,000? What is the effect? What
happens if you can use it for $5 million
per reuse and you can reuse the whole
Starship 100 times versus five times?
That's how you have to build the model.
And then the more you do that is the
more you see well the absolute risk of
this whole thing not working is very
minute. It will absolutely work. It's
guaranteed. But
it is a long path from working to being
really cheap.
But also working already means a massive
drop in cost from day one. So that's how
you have to model the whole thing out.
And of course there are certain
inflection points where you need a
certain breakthrough in terms of costs
of kilogram to orbit to really unleash
orbital AI at scale. And that is kind of
the inflection point we're looking at.
Even though again that's not a single
point because if Google sees this and
they have to pay more for a data center
in space than on Earth, they're still
going to buy it because they know the
curve is dropping dramatically, right?
So let's say it cost you twice as much
to build a data center in space than on
Earth. Let's say in 2027, you still are
going to buy it because you know you
have to learn how this works and in 2028
it's already even in 2029 it's cheaper.
Something like that an assumed curve.
Another thing I learned and then I get
to this point here is that insurance the
risk of this thing blowing up is
actually a much bigger problem than you
would think. The insurance cost is not
just covering the cost of Starship when
it explodes, but also of course the
cargo. I know if you have like a 100,000
B200s, black wells in this thing and it
blows up,
paying for a Starship that just blew up
is the smallest the smallest of your
concerns. You know, you have to pay for
these GPUs. And that means
it's not rocket science what I'm saying
here to understand that no pun intended
but you have to understand the
reliability of this thing is the central
central piece of the equation
reusability and even more reliability
because every time this thing blows up
it changes the entire financial
equation. You have to forward project
then this whole risk like if you launch
something you have launch cost of let's
say $90 million and you transport half a
billion dollars worth of stuff up there
let's just assume that all sounds great
but then comes insurance even if you
don't buy insurance and just have to
cover this Tesla doesn't matter same
thing
and what is this insurance right if this
thing blows up every 10th time you have
to add 10% to the cost if it blows up
every fifth time you have to add 20% to
the cost and not to the launch cost, but
to the total cost. So, if this thing
cost you 600 million and you blow up
every fifth time, you have to add $120
million in hard costs on top of the $90
million launch cost. So, you understand?
You understand? Launch cost is 90
million, but 120 million is insurance
cost on top of it if you blow up every
fifth time. So, you see this is not a
marginal thing. If your insurance,
imagine you buy flight insurance, you
buy a ticket, a business class ticket to
whatever New York for 2,000 bucks and
you have to pay 2,200 bucks on top of it
uh required insurance
that would impact your decisions. Okay.
So, why is this so important? Because on
May 20th, that is very very soon, that
is in three days. On May 20th,
we will see for the first time version
three of Starship being launched on
Wednesday. On Wednesday, 6:30
p.m. Eastern or no, yes, 6:30 p.m.
Eastern time, we will launch the
Starship.
That is
uh 5:30 Central time. No, is it 5:30?
Hm. Yeah, it's 5:30. 5:30 Texas time. We
will see that. So, this is very very
important. That's actually the first
version three flight,
the first flight of our new V3 vehicle.
So, I'm very very excited now, much more
than I was ever before because now I
understand the stakes. This thing, if
this thing works, whatever they want to
test and comes down
you know, as it's supposed to be has
that has a major impact on the IPO
price.
Guten Morgan from Redwood City,
California.
Thank you, Gido. Gido Rost from Redwood
City. I lived in Menlo Park for a while,
so I know that very well.
uh your phrase
uh street credit zero says doesn't
SpaceX selfinsure for all stelling
launches. Yes, but I mean the fact that
you're self-insuring doesn't change the
cost of insurance, right? You still have
to pay for it if it blows up. So, it's
very important. The reliability is more
important than the reusability. And then
the reus reusability is number two. And
reusability, there are two pieces, the
booster and the Starship. So, this all
adds up, right?
Good morning. 3:00 a.m. from Kevin from
Australia.
I love to hear your Tesla price outlook
for 2030 and 35. Well, that's that's a
long time out, but I mentioned 4,000 is
my price target for Tesla without SpaceX
in 2030 right now.
I'm also up quite a bit on my short
puts. How did you do that? You mean
they're probably longer term short puts
because I'm definitely not up on my
short puts uh on Friday.
Um here smart AI money says I think
after the test of the new Starship V3
we'll have a much better idea of what
we're looking at. Absolutely. So this is
very very important. This is a very very
important date. Mark it down. It's in
three days on Friday uh on Wednesday.
Maybe I cover that. I should cover that
in a live stream because I can. No
a no 6:30 ET I can't I have to do it
next
uh next uh the following following day.
So that is the situation. So long story
short, SpaceX very important. This thing
we have to watch has a direct impact on
IPO, has a direct impact on my
projections. When this thing actually
hits the inflection point, at least we
have way more data. Then is this a giant
multi-year problem to make this thing
work or are we basically done? These are
the two extremes that could come out of
that. That has a direct impact on the
orbital AI timeline. Very important
impact. That orbital AI timeline is the
decisive question for Tesla shareholders
for the merger for the projected
situation. And I shared
um I shared this whole
uh video, you probably have seen it, but
I made this video that just shows on a
very simple basis. I can go through this
very quickly. Uh what I expect Tesla's
market cap to be and SpaceX market cap.
So, I expect Tesla to be 8 trillion in
2029.
I don't know what that is in share
price, but something like 3,000 or two
two and a half thousand or something.
But I expect SpaceX to go public at 2.2
trillion roughly and then drop because
SpaceX has a lot of air gaps, right? it
cannot get the cash flow in fast enough
and then it goes down very likely
because it's a little hyped at the IPO
and people get a little more realistic
lower the PE but then some point SpaceX
will bring in the cash will grow
Starling of course but more importantly
we'll start the orbital AI cash stream
and that is very important and the
question is when will this happen and
that's a total function total function
of Starship
absolutely a function of Starship
because you need Starship to make this
work to actually become competitive and
much much more attractive than
terrestrial data centers. And the
question is is that happening 2027 or 28
or 29 or 2030
and right now I bet that in 2027 it
already starts happening. That is not
what most people think. So, I'm
contrarian on that side. And that launch
on Wednesday will tell me more if you're
on track. Most people don't understand
the orbital AI satellites are easy
stuff.
I couldn't do it, but I'm not Elon. I'm
not the SpaceX team. For the SpaceX
team, it's easy peasy. Not even an
issue.
It is all about Starship and it's all
about how much dollars per kilogram to
orbit. And there are certain inflection
points around $200 per kilogram down
from currently two and a half thousand.
So 10x a little over 10x cost reduction.
And I had a video on this in November
last year. I was the first person on
Earth who did that.
I outlined that at $200 per kilogram to
orbit, we probably look at something
like 60% reduced cost of operating a one
gawatt data center in space over 10
years.
60% cheaper. Can you even imagine that?
All in. Right. So
here you see the merged entity and the
growth rates. Right? So basically Tesla
would grow roughly 50% in 2027,
66% after that and 60% after that. So
that's ker that's why you know if you do
it right Tesla could potentially make us
all very wealthy. Whereas SpaceX first
of all drops this year after IPO
negative performance in my opinion then
has 25% much less than Tesla but then
goes to the moon and the question when
it goes to the moon is exactly the
question that we have to figure out is
it here is it here is that inflection
point actually realistic or is it pushed
backwards and here you see the merged
entity where I explained well I believe
if they would merge based on these
numbers Tesla shareholders would make
38% next here instead of 50%. But then
would already make 80% instead of 66 and
then would make 88% instead of 60. So
it's a winner for Tesla shareholders
starting by the end of 2028. We win and
then we keep winning but we lose in
2027. That's the theory of my projection
here. If Starship has a problem, all of
this can shift and Tesla becomes much
more attractive as a standalone.
And if Starship performs even faster
than I think, then Tesla becomes even
less attractive as a standalone. So that
is exactly why Starship matters so much.
Okay, I'm just warming you guys up to
think as combined potential shareholders
and people who have to make these
decisions and vote.
Um here
Nat says we won't see 700 before 2028. I
think we can easily see 700 in
November this year if things go right.
Um, of course, we can also not see it if
things go wrong, but if we scale to
10,000 robo taxis by end of the year,
you can say goodbye to 700 because we're
going to a,000. So, I would definitely
not bet on Tesla not getting to 700 this
year and definitely not not bet against
it going there next year, not to speak
of 2028.
So
that is the situation here. What else do
we have questions?
Uh 900 shares of Tesla at 240 enough to
retire in 2030. Oo 900 shares of Tesla
at 240. Let's say a thousand shares.
Uh
I think so. It depends where you live.
That might be enough to retire if things
go right.
um bought some sats for exposure to
SpaceX.
I have one or more short sell to open
puts for every month until sometime in
2028. Oh, already? So, you stacked it.
That's crazy.
Um,
okay. So, that's the situation here. Uh,
we This is super exciting this week. I
want to see Starship and of course we
have to watch the freaking markets. Uh,
I would I'm in a situation that I
normally don't like. I'm like I always
say you don't want to be in a situation
where you sleep worse at night because
you're concerned about the market open.
I am a little concerned about the market
open. So, I violated my own rule. I'm a
little bit too leveraged. I think I
should be 20% less leveraged than I am.
But it was in the heat of the moment. I
already deleveraged a little bit on
Friday, but I should have done a little
bit more. Even if it goes green, I don't
care when I say these things and assess
my own performance. I don't care if I
lose money or make money. And mistake is
a mistake. I think I made a mistake that
I am 20% too leveraged right now. If it
goes up, I will look very smart, but
it's not smart.
It is inappropriate risk. And the reason
why I'm inappropriately risked right now
is because I was on Friday not getting
the full picture. I only got over the
weekend about the macro situation. It is
a little potentially concerning. So
cautious with the leverage right now.
Uh Kevin asks, "Do you reckon Pioneer
Alpha will be open to Australia anytime
soon?" You guys can go to Pioneer Alpha
to check out the latest. Uh but as you
know, as Australians,
uh here's Pioneer Alpha. You can see
that beautiful page here. If you
qualified, it asks you for your
qualification status if you click here.
And as you see,
region not yet available. If you click
on
oops any of these
others, right? So the problem with
Australia is that right now we are a
little thin on on manpower and you need
good attorneys for all these things
because this is a you know it's a um
institutional bond.
uh all these countries have it. And the
problem with Australia is
that
um the problem with Australia is that
you need some kind of local
representation and all kinds of stuff to
really be allowed to sell securities. So
that's my problem. Uh so Kevin, stay
tuned. We are working on it. We I get a
lot of requests from Australia and I
would love to help the Aussies too. Uh,
so let's see.
Hotel snob says it will go up. Yes,
let's let's hope so. When I make
mistakes, I always like when I get
rewarded for mistakes, but mostly that's
not the case. Um, okay guys. So, now
let's get to the news.
The news
we
Who of you is on Pioneer Lens? Are you
all members? Are you on pioneerance.org?
uh because we are working
on
a very important revamp here. I will
share this
whole page. Let me do it like this. Or
maybe this format here is better. We're
working on a revamp.
What is this? On a revamp of Pioneer
Lands with a new segment.
Look at this. I will share it now. Are
you prepared? Look at this.
We are going into the publishing
business. We become an important
publisher here and we turn Pioneer News
into a real news section. So we will
have uh we will rebrand our main topics
from Pioneer Alpha. It stays the same.
We go to Pioneer Wealth where we discuss
personal finance, tax and policy, taxes,
capital gains taxes. So it's a little
more political for each of our countries
and then pioneer politics where we have
family society education
and then we will have a new page
probably next
like next week for sure. Uh see we have
this
what is this round table this Thursday?
Do we have a round table Thursday? No
that's wrong. So here you will see our
Sunday roundts. So it's basically the
same as we have now but much nicer
design. We call it Pioneer Lands Daily.
It's a newspaper established 2026. This
is still wrong the number. And we will
have a morning edition, afternoon
edition. So we will have curated news
that is ET Eastern time uh New York
Times. So we will have news twice a day
updated and of course in our favorite
topics Tesla uh AGI LLM open eye
anthropic and so on uh robots and so on.
I think
uh it should oh well we make it work
when we launch it but you will see all
the cool filtered news so we can
actually see the news that matter to us
here. SpaceX you see figure one news
Google with Marvel for new chips right
this is important news UK in memory
compute startup fractile by the way
super hot stuff uh is coming so uh daily
upside maps Nvidia's customer to
competitor pipeline metas 4 new chips so
this is cool stuff so that's the power
of a good AI editorial team we can look
at the entire earth and then present the
stuff to you and to me so we know the
latest and then all the apps that we all
use and love are on the left side. So we
still have the academy little redesigned
Pioneer Academy where you can ask the
questions here that's still a little
ugly. We will have to have to update the
colors
but here you have as you are used to it
the questions we will update the design
a little bit more. Uh we still have
community of course.
Uh that is what you're used to our
forum. Uh we have the cities, the stock
targets, the wealth app and of course
drought nearer our favorite where we
have uh the whole secret AI technology
here where you can see I can show you
this right now where you see have your
own agents
and can do magic things. But the news is
that we have now a very well
ststructured
outlet, a news
uh situation. And I hope you guys
like that.
My heater says, "I live in the most
stupid country for capital gains,
Denmark. I should start a GoFundMe or
something." Well, you should move to
Sweden. That's just 10 minutes away with
the what is it called? soon talk and
then you are in the best country for
capital gains because Sweden is actually
a secret tax haven that most people
don't know about and Denmark is the
worst country in Europe for capital
gains. It's a beautiful country but not
good for capital gains.
Yensen deserves to be on covers as much
as Elon.
I agree that Yensen is the man. He is
definitely
important.
Um,
smart AI money, Yensen on the first
cover. Well, it's like this is updated
all the time. This is not like a weekly
cover. So, when you check it out, when
it's live, there's another cover. I'm
not like checking every single cover.
This is automated because this is like
high news cycle. Uh, I'm looking at the
meta level. We have our editors which
are AI agents and uh there will be lots
of Elon covers, but there will be lots
of other people too. So, you know, it's
it this is not a monthly or weekly
publication. It's twice a day and these
things are updated. So, I'm sure we get
a lot of Elon, too. And by the way, if
you have criticism,
we we are working on building in like a
better mechanism for criticism because
we need criticism because I don't even
care like I'm not offended. I want to
learn from you guys what you want. And
so, we make it a learning algorithm,
right? because this is a super
complicated operation in the back end
and it's all about curating the right
news and so I'm not manipulating
individual articles. I'm seeing stuff
and then I'm updating the editorial
guidelines and briefings for the agents.
So if you see too much yens and not
enough Elon, we definitely will tell the
agents and skew it more towards Elon
over time.
Uh street crate zero says micron
technologies dropped a lot. I was
attempting a straddle, but I pivoted
into a swing trade and came out ahead on
MU just from the rapid share
appreciation. Yeah, we have to be
cautious like straddles and stuff. It's
it's all getting, you know, this can get
wild very quickly. So, we have to be
cautious.
Yens
California seems to want to become
another Denmark in the future. Well,
California,
Denmark might have terrible taxes, but
it's a beautiful and wonderful country.
California is a hole with high
taxes. That is like the problem. So, uh,
you know, Denmark is one of these
countries that might have high taxes,
but they're actually doing intelligent
things with it. And, uh, you know,
California is the worst of both worlds.
Total corruption, anti- taxes. And then
it looks like LA. This is very
unfortunate.
The problem with Sweden is that it's
Sweden.
That is true. But they have the ESK. My
favorite thing. I'm very impressed. I
did the research on all these countries.
And Sweden has the investing spa quto
where you basically pay a wealth tax
voluntarily.
So you put all your shares into this
governmentont controlled account and
then you pay wealth taxes. but low8% a
year on your wealth.
But in exchange of paying that little
wealth tax, you are completely capital
gains free and different from a Roth
account in the United States or like an
IRA. There is no contribution limits.
You can you can put in millions t
hundreds of millions of euros and
dollars if you want and you're taxfree.
All you pay is your little wealth tax
and it's voluntary. It's extremely
smart. The sweets sometimes are very
smart, not on migration, but on other
things.
People in Denmark are a lot more
attractive, too. Wow, now you guys are
fully added. Poor Swedes. Um, but if you
live in Well, you can't live in Malmu.
That's actually horrible. But if you
would live in Malmu,
you're in Denmark in like 10 minutes.
Yeah, but the Denmark account, I didn't
even look into that. This is completely
capped to death. The Norwegians have a
similar account, but you're not allowed
to have bonds, which of course for me is
less interesting because it's all about
getting the pioneer bonds publicly
traded into these accounts. So in
Norway, you have a good deal similar to
Sweden, but no bonds, only stocks
allowed. Sweden allows anything that's
publicly traded. And Denmark is some
total like joke. You It's like Finland.
And you can like contribute like some
tiny amount per year. That is not
helpful.
So I hope you guys check out the new
Pioneer Lens daily and of course I
understand the publishing business we
need to generate value for everyone for
us for the pioneers and the reason I
really believe in it is because of
myself when I think not because I'm so
awesome. I believe in it because I am a
user and I am annoyed by the media. Not
just because they're stupid and biased
and liars, but also because they're
irrelevant.
I don't want like a stupid newspaper
like the New York crimes. That's Steven
Mark Ryan. He has the best. He calls
them the New York crimes. So the New
York crimes is first of all stupid.
Second infiltrated by the book Mind
Virus. But third completely irrelevant.
I want the news on the world filtered
through the lens that actually makes
sense. The most important things that
are happening. What are the most
important things? I need AGI news. I
need job replacement updates. I need a
little macro and I need a lot of Tesla,
a lot of Elon, a lot of SpaceX, a lot of
Yansen. You know, I need news, global
news filtered according to intelligent
perspectives. I also need to have
politics news filtered by what actually
matters. Where is the transformation?
What is actually happening to our
countries? What are the trajectories
that change the future and what does it
all mean for us? I also want to see what
countries try to attack our money with
taxes and all kinds of stuff. What
policies are being uh developed? Nothing
else really matters. We have a little
family and education in there too of
course. But we are focused here on the
news that are relevant for pioneers, for
you guys and me, for investors who think
about the future, who want to secure the
future, who want to make sure we're not
missing out on something and we are
spotting the trends early and we have
intelligent commentary. Now, I can't
guarantee all these news are actually
true and real because we have to, you
know, they're scraped from other news
sites, but we will have opinion sections
and stuff like that where we start to
have my commentary and maybe other
people's. That is a little better
curated but at least we get the relevant
info here.
That is
here. This is interesting. Cal State
faces July renewal of 17 million opendu
contract amid faculty student push back.
See Harvard FAS phases out chipt adopt
anthropic cloud as primary AI tokens.
These are all very important things
because it goes into how education is
being shaped by these people and
Colombia University is now rolling out
claude. See, isn't that interesting?
German uh FBI
crime statistics. Syrian 16 times Afghan
Afghans 14 times violent crime suspects.
H what a surprise.
So yeah, we have that
exactly what we need also that news
section, but please also make a daily
breaking important note not to miss
items so we can have a busy day or week.
We can see in five or 10 minutes what is
really important. Yes, Andy, very good
point. Of course, that's not easy. It's
al also about quality. If you do this,
we also have to make sure it's good. Um,
but that's a good point. So this is more
like if you have a little time, if you
have a 30 minutes time, you want to
browse everything, but maybe we make
some breaking
like some daily briefing or something.
And I think it's all about like getting
your ideas, making it happen. In the
beginning, it will be not so good each
of these pieces. And then over time, we
fine-tune it. So what I'm thinking about
is also how we give like feedback in
here. So you know because this goes
right into the editorial
group which is our AI agents plus some
humans
and it's all about getting the feedback
like is this good is it bad and really
think like fine-tuning it so you guys
can help you
intelligent real news well as I said
this is all iterative so I think we we
made already tremendous progress this is
good stuff but there will be issues
right so we need to learn constantly and
refine
for anyone to say California is shitty
whole is supremely ignorant you think LA
is all of California well sorry about
that I just know LA I also know the Bay
Area like San Francisco is an extreme
hyper joke and LA is bad that's what it
is and now the palisates are burned like
down this This is horrible. This is like
it's LA has the is probably the city in
the world that has the most beautiful
setting. Like if they wouldn't be so
stupid, this would be the most beautiful
city in the world. This has a perfect
setup. But what they're doing
politically is insane. Even though this
new guy is like interesting. Let's see
if we can win.
Tom Nash has very good macro world news
analysis says street credit zero. I have
really I have to look into that. I just
know his basic uh you mean on YouTube or
on X have to look into that and it would
be also nice to
get these kinds of people into the news
as new sources you know to have Tom Nash
or whoever also pulled into that. So we
are working on this. This is all to be
improved.
So there you have it. That is the secret
news that's coming.
Pioneer Alpha.
Does this work yet? Oh no, this is
broken. Um,
California is beautiful. The politics
are ugly. That is true.
An Aussie coworker of mine used to say
of Sydney, it's like Los Angeles but for
smart people. I haven't been to Sydney,
but my brother has been there for like
many times and he loves he loves it.
He's a big Aussie fan.
Okay guys, I think that's it for today.
These were the secret news. You are
ahead of everyone because you see what
we're doing here. I hope Tesla outlook.
Let's see what happens next week. I am
not happy with Friday. That definitely
was a big hit for my completely
outstanding performance of the previous
10 days. But now I have a big hit. So
it's a little mitigated my success. But
we will continue. And that is you never
the market punishes you at the
millisecond where you're not paying
attention enough. And I got distracted
by Tesla and forgot to watch the macro
situation and then it hit us.
But we're back in the saddle.
FST 14.33 is out. I saw that Tesla keeps
being positive. Crossing fingers for
next week. I saw also was in Mars
catalog extremely positive review of
14.33.
Uh there is no doubt that this FSD 14.3
release was a huge deal because they
revamped everything. I think the
iteration speed will be much higher now.
I mean I'm strategically very bullish on
this whole thing. I just know that macro
plays a big role. So that's why we our
pri our priority
short-term is always macro because that
drags Tesla up or down. Watch Starship
and yes, I'm very bullish on FSD. I
think people underestimate what's going
to happen.
Tobias Johansson,
thank you. Appreciate your work. Thanks
for tuning in. Mark Cave 2, thank you
and see you very soon.
Be cautious out there with the macro
insanity. Watch the bond yields.
Okay, guys. See you very soon. This will
be out probably tomorrow with a little
bit of luck. Until then,