Channel:     jobhakdi
Title:       Why Tesla + SpaceX Stocks SLIDE Today
URL:         https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-EGpQkH9FMI
Published:   2026-06-17 20:08 UTC
Fetched:     2026-06-17 22:00 UTC

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

We are kicking this session off today
and we are going to review what happened
today with Tesla and with SpaceX.
SpaceX of course new a new deputy
tant in the market. Very interesting to
watch this. But let's start with Tesla.
We saw a giant slide or not a giant
slide but a pretty bad slide. And that
of course coincided right here. When you
look at this coincided right here with
the Fed speech, it was all about the Fed
today. The Fed of course uh Walsh, the
new Fed chairman today, the first time
he spoke in front of the world and
announced nothing. Uh so that was
interesting. Uh very expected of course
that he announces nothing. Uh the market
wanted to sell off, tried to sell off,
wanted to panic but it didn't really
have a reason to panic. So when we look
at the whole thing on CNBC, maybe you
watched it, that was the defining
defining thing for today. The market
watching Fed chairman Kevin Walsh, not
watch Walsh. Uh and uh he basically
said, I can't tell you anything. I'm
going to be very cautious. I'm not
making any statements. We are not going
to say if he cut rates. We are not going
to say if he hike rates. He made little
tiny hints. You know the whole game with
the Fed. Everyone wants them to give
them hints. Then they give hints to for
hints. And this time they give hints for
hints for hints. And then the market
says, "Oh god, I think I got the hint to
sell off. Let's sell off." And I got a
little light on the position before the
speech
just in case. Uh and then you know, you
saw what happened. Uh here you see the
markets reacting to this. Tesla
completely moving in line with the
NASDAQ. When you look at the NASDAQ
chart, exactly the same thing. Here is
the Fed's speech here. Uh we actually
got uh the announcement, the written
announcement out from the Fed meeting
saying nothing.
Uh then the Fed 30 minutes later started
the press conference. I also tuned in,
listened in a little bit. Worsh makes a
very good impression, by the way, a much
better impression than Powell. I was not
a fan of Powell. I I thought he was a
bookkeeper and he was very uncompelling
and he scared me a little bit. He came
across as someone who doesn't have it
really under control. Worsh much better
than expected in my opinion. He makes a
very solid impression, very relatable
impression, very intelligent impression.
So I liked him and uh you know market
went up while he was speaking and then
here he didn't really say anything
specific but people just picked
something and wanted to get scared. I
think we are not too concerned about
this.
When you look at the market behavior
selling off not too hard selling off and
then bouncing back in the end we were
all the way down to nearly 1.6% 6% down
and ended up with 1.34% volume going up
nicely uh in the end. So I think it was
much to do but nothing. This was the
defining defining thing today for Tesla.
We will talk about spacics in a second.
So not many news but of course from a
Tesla perspective. Another frustrating
day. What the hell is even happening? We
are hanging out here. Nothing happens.
any sell off of the market. Tesla sells
off more or not more actually we are
below the beta but still no reason to
celebrate another depressing day nothing
happens while at the same time a lot of
things happen in the real world as you
probably all follow an X we see these
robo taxis being churned out again and
again this time over a hundred robo
taxis or cyber caps actually spotted
today in Austin, Texas in the
Gigafactory. So, what the hell is going
on? We are seeing all these amazing uh
things rolling off the manufacturing
uh band and uh the market is just
completely ignoring it. I will comment
on it in a second. But first, let's look
at another great post here by
Berlin.
Welcome back, Joe. uh and he did this
great great uh drone footage. I think
Soya Merritt counted over 100 cyber caps
in the parking lot today. I know
everyone is annoyed and bored like yeah
we know where is the money but we have
to look at these things how these things
progress and how we churn out these
things by the hundreds. In my estimate,
in my estimate, we have strongly over
1,000 cyber caps at this point deployed.
Over 1,000 cyber caps are deployed in
multiple cities across the nation.
Don't forget, Whimo only has 3,000
things out. And uh we will probably hit
3,000 in latest five weeks. Uh because
we are over a thousand. They're churning
them out by the hundreds now. Look at
this. And so there is no doubt something
very big is going on.
I will discuss in a millisecond what
that means for the stock because we need
to dig in and be a little prepared for
more waiting while we are also prepare
preparing for the big uh move up which
is the trick here. So you see all these
cyber caps all over the place and I
think so merit or Joe even said there
saw some that are not fazads. So far
that's cyber caps with steering wheels
and they spotted some without a steering
wheel. Now very interesting
and we also had a very good write up by
uh Genma JP about this whole theory
what's going on. So Genma JP I was
talking about uh we still lack strong
public evidence of cyber caps running
FSD under supervision even for testing.
Um,
but we also have now clear evidence of
production spec cyber caps without
steering controls and wearing robo taxi
logos accumulating at Giga Texas as per
Joe Techmire. These are the units most
likely destined for the first commercial
deployments.
Maybe maybe Jenmma is right. So this is
all going on but at the same time there
is no limit to our frustration of course
on the stock. I hear you guys. I hear
the frustration. I have it myself. And
here we see another post, by the way,
very interesting by Soy Merritt, uh,
that quotes Ash Alpha
saying that the Texas DOT Department of
Transport Executive Director Mark
Williams experienced the production
version of Tesla Cybercap firstand
earlier today at the 2026 Texas
Innovation Invit invitation at Cybercap
FSD. Um, and what was very interesting
is here we have a quote.
Do we have a quote?
We have a quote for Mark Williams
himself. He's the executive director of
the Texas Department of Transportation.
So, not a beginner uh, and not an
unimportant person.
And now, where did he say that?
Here.
He said, "Concepts are rapidly becoming
reality. Today at the Texas Innovation
and Invitational ho invitational hosted
by Texas Department of Transportation, I
had the opportunity to experience a
production version of the Tesla Cyber
Cap. Tesla is now operating robo taxis
using Model Y around Austin, Dallas, and
Houston in full self-driving mode. The
introduction of the Cyber Cap will
dramatically dramatically scale these
operations over the coming months.
Isn't that interesting?
So here the boss himself, the government
official in charge of transportation for
Texas
says the introduction of the cyber cap
will dramatically scale these operations
over the coming months dramatically.
Now do we think he's just talking random
stuff? Probably not. Because if there's
one person outside Tesla who has to be
absolutely informed about these things,
who demands being informed, it is Mark
Williams. So when he says the
introduction of the cyber cap will
dramatically scale these operations over
the coming months, it is extremely
unlikely that he just made this up and
makes a casual comment. It is much more
likely that Mark Williams has extensive
conversations with the Tesla team or to
be more specific the Tesla team has a
lot of conversations with Mark Williams
because he is the boss. Don't forget
he's in charge.
And when he says that very likely they
have discussed that with them because
they need approval or at least buyin
from the government from the department
of transportation for this department of
transportation of course overseas all
these agencies that oversee the
autonomous operations in Texas.
So I do think without I hope I don't
over interpret these things but given
that this is the boss of the DOT and he
says these things I think there's a very
high likelihood that Texas and the
Department of Trans uh that Tesla and
the Department of Transportation of
Texas including Mark Williams have had
these discussions and Tesla has given
them a heads up and say we are going to
scale this dramatically
over the coming months.
Okay, isn't that interesting? So
that is what I'm thinking. But at the
same time, the frustration knows no end.
So what am I going to do about the
stock?
What am I going to do? I made some
aggressive trades beginning of June
because I got a little greedy. Here
comes a lesson in greed. So, beginning
of June or even a little bit before at
435, I made pretty aggressive trades
where I went very short puts and that
was very bad. That was very bad on paper
and partially also realized losses here
because I was too early and I was too
aggressive.
And I think the learning from that is it
is better if you apply a churn strategy.
My churn strategy is so great. It
normally works so great because I'm
selling at the money and slightly out of
the money puts weekly puts. And if you
do that, for example, today I shifted a
lot of the puts just in time. Uh so I'm
selling $400
five trading weeks uh trading day uh
expiration. So, next week, Wednesday and
Thursday,
I'm selling these puts at 400. I'm
getting 10 bucks for it. That was before
it dropped. It was at 4002
when I sold it. That thing dropped way
too much for my test, but I'm still
pretty fine because I'm basically making
money all the way down to 390 until next
week. And by doing that, here comes the
lesson. Here comes the lesson. If Tesla
goes down against me, moves against me,
I'm not losing money all the way down to
390. If Tesla moves sideways, I am
making massive alpha because Tesla does
nothing and I make massive, massive
returns. If Tesla goes up, I'm fine with
that trade all the way to 410 when you
do the math, right? Or 212 to be more
specific. Uh, so up to 412, I have alpha
over owning Tesla stock. Only if Tesla
goes above 412 do I lose alpha on that
trade. Right? I make money but I make
less money than I would have made with
the stock. Now when you put that on a
timeline and repeat this week after week
after week, some weeks you lose, some
weeks you win. But in nearly most of the
weeks you're winning and over time that
adds up a lot. Just to give you an
example, let's say to the upside, if
Tesla makes an aggressive move to 300 to
430 and I'm losing out because I'm only
making 10 bucks
within three weeks I made my 30 bucks,
right? All I need is two more weeks
where I also make my bucks to catch up
to 430, if that makes sense. So
given the fact that we learn now the
hard way that most of the time a stock
doesn't do much. It goes a little down,
it goes a little up or with Tesla, it's
keeps sliding a little bit down and it's
annoying and then it makes a strong
move. The churn strategy weekly's churn
strategy helps if you manage it well and
keep it out of the money and stuff like
that. Gives you a nice buffer and
constantly makes money and alpha. So we
need to get back to basics and avoid
being too greedy and I think was a
little bit of mistake of mine to be too
greedy to be too convinced that June is
the inflection point. We need to be
probabilistic. June can be an inflection
point. June can deploy the cyber caps.
But what if not? What if this drags out
another three months like this? So I
think it is better to go back to basics.
do the churn strategy, the disciplined
conservative churn strategy, constantly
make nice churn, but at the same time
understand that the probability layers
are stacked above each other at this
point. It it becomes exponentially more
likely that we see something big
happening. It can happen in June. I
still think it will, but we can't just
totally bet on it. So, I think I'm
switching a little bit to a more
conservative churn strategy at the
money, out of the money, not going too
crazy, right?
While I'm watching out for every single
little sign that something happens. And
if something happens, we have to switch
the strategy and get really greedy very
quickly.
So, there you have it. Now, let's
conclude this with a quick look at
SpaceX because I actually put on a trade
for SpaceX that a lot of you might not
like if you're fanboys and girls
because I went short SpaceX. Let me
explain.
As you know, I think SpaceX is
tactically overvalued. It's
fundamentally undervalued, but no one
even understands that.
So, I think it's tactically vastly
overvalued. It has to go back very
likely. It will drop below IPO price of
135 this year. That is my prediction. At
least it will drop a lot from here. And
what I did is I went short naked calls
one month expiration because that's all
we have right now. No other calls
available. Uh 250.
I sold them at 199 today when I saw okay
this thing is going down finally. uh
that breaks the little thing and I'm
selling 250
because I'm did the math to go to 250 a
lot of thing like this is crazy even
with more selling pressure coming it's a
very small conservative trade it just
makes me how much does it make me
like 1% or something 1% on the portfolio
a little less actually so it's just a
little test balloon I'm still cautious
we still in crazy markets who knows of
the squeezes or something. But you have
to also understand, you know, we are you
don't have an easy squeeze to 3.5
trillion or whatever. So I am getting
into position. I think we are totally
overvalued. It's nice to sell calls on
this naked calls. Be cautious. And I'm
holding back with stronger positions. I
want to see first the selling pressure
seizing because the inclusions in
indices will happen. And so we need to
be a little cautious until
probably another three or four weeks and
then there will be a lot of selling
pressure incoming when all these people
get unblocked
you know when they get unlocked uh
starting mid of August and then good
luck SpaceX shareholders this thing this
baby will drop and I will write it down
a little bit. I'm very greedy for
SpaceX. I want to maximize my SpaceX
shares even though I don't have any
right now because I think this is just
the biggest thing ever. But I do think
there will be a value of tears coming
end of the year and that is when I bite
into the cake and accumulate my
strategic position because end of 2027
and then starting 2028 I think this
thing goes to the moon.
So that is how I think about it. Let's
go to the comments and see what you guys
think.
and go maybe here while we speak. Or
maybe is that the guy? Is that the boss?
Mark Williams. Let's go to Mark
Williams. Zoom in on Mark Williams
here. How he smiles at us.
Hopefully makes sure
that all these cyber caps
get online.
Okay, what do we have here? the comments
of the pioneers.
Richie Cash says, "Too early to short
SpaceX momentum moving higher as 10-year
bond rate drops next week." Uh, well, I
agree it's too early. That's why I'm
cautious, but I have a 250 call, so even
if this squeezes another 20% higher, I
don't even care.
Um,
poxy. Poxy frostbite. That's a beautiful
name. I love it. Poxy frostbite. Uh,
first time live. Welcome to the live
show. Everyone's nervous, but
opportunities for the unleveraged with
cash. Yeah, when things are bad,
unleveraged with cash is good. When
things are good, not so much. Andrea,
hi Joe. Nice to see you live again. Good
to see you. Andrea
Droid, hello you. Greetings to everyone.
Greetings back. Poxy Frostbite says the
DOT certification is great. Still the
stock goes down. That's an easy win as a
new investor. Yes. When do we moon?
As I said, we have to be patience.
Patient. And when it happens, we have to
act fast.
SpaceX end of year target price. Havu, I
think this is I'm weing this a little
bit, but I I'm pretty sure
we will see something much lower than
now. And I also think we will see under
IPO price under 135. Will this be end of
year or will it be October, September,
November? I can't tell. I have to wait.
Aaron says, "Cycap revenue is small and
will grow painfully slow." I don't
agree. I don't agree. I think cyber cap
revenue will scale extremely rapidly
once we hit the inflection point. Until
the inflection point, it will be a
complete pain. Yes. Painfully slow.
Slow.
Uh and I don't think by the way
uh we have a model out probably next
week. Yeah, we will have a model out
next week on on all kinds of aspects of
cyber cap and robo taxi.
I don't think there will be sales of
cyber cap anytime soon because it
doesn't make any sense.
Uh we've waited this long. A few weeks,
months, doesn't matter. Love your work,
Joe. Thanks, GMO JMO.
I agree. We get a little greedy. We want
to see results, but does it really
matter if we wait another month? No.
What I think Google wants with paying
SpaceX AI for Colossus One is because
they have used way more to collect data.
Now they need a supercomputer to try to
catch up with FSD. Uh Andreas Peterson,
I'm not sure because Google has so much
compute. They just want more compute.
They need more compute for everything
including Gemini.
Petty Irishman, let's go, Joe. Yes, we
go. Milton says Tesla have done nothing
but move sideways for the last five
years. I know, very frustrating.
But I do think this is coming to a hit.
Mumble week. I don't know. Street Cred
Zero. I have my theory on all of this.
Hedge fund guys are watching Joe's
channel and deliberately trolling us all
for fun and profit.
That is for sure true. I know some hedge
fun guys who watch us. So, this all
spreads very fast. Even if not everyone
watches me all the time, they watch
Herbert, then Herbert watches me. It's
all connected.
Tesla 500 end of year. I think it will
be a little higher than that.
Um
I have a little bit of an allergy. Oh,
there's pollen in the air.
All of this price action looks macro to
me. Totally. Boxy frostbite is
completely right. This was all totally
macro driven. Private credit is
saturated. Isn't this a normal seasonal
market drop? It's not a seasonal market
drop. It's just the market climbs a wall
of worry. We the Iran thing is over as I
said a long time ago. Uh it's all
playing out as expected. I didn't even
comment on Iran too much. I think there
is a wall of worry that we are going to
climb. I don't think it's a seasonal
market drop. I think the seasonal market
drop awaits us in September, October,
November. I think that could get a
little nasty, much more nasty than now.
Uh hopefully my 175
put prints tomorrow for SpaceX.
Oh, you bought a put.
That's a little gambling. I wouldn't do
that. I like I like uh my short options.
So, if I'm bearish, I'm selling calls.
If I'm bullish, I'm selling puts because
think about it. If you buy a put and
people shouldn't be I mean be cautious
but you shouldn't be too too you
shouldn't be too concerned about the
naked situation naked shorts like who
cares. People say oh unlimited loss if
SpaceX goes to 10,000 on Friday I'm
broke. It's like yeah that's true but
I can still sell it. Uh so if you buy
175 puts
it's gambling because you need the stock
to actually drop that much. If you would
sell for example a call,
let's say you sell 190 call, it's a
little bit risky, but if you sell 190
call, you get a lot of premium
and you just keep it as long as this
stuff doesn't go up too much.
Proxy frostbite says, "Aren't those
shorts going to be thin since that's the
expected direction?" Um,
the calls are shockingly
juicy. That's why I did it. I got seven
bucks for a one month 250 call. That's
crazy. That's a lot of money. Seven
bucks for 250.
40 is the name. 420 is the name.
Pre-market is 193, but pre-market
doesn't matter. There's a huge wall at
200. It's not going to touch it for a
while. I also just I also sold a tiny
little amount of contracts for
expiration tomorrow at 200 SpaceX.
That's totally gambling,
but I think I get the money. Uh it
doesn't even matter like it's not so
little. I just do it for fun. Tesla will
continue circling the toilet bowl. These
pumps will keep you engaged before
acting surprised.
I don't think so. I warn everyone this
can go sideways longer. We have to be
prepared for more pain. That's why my
thumbnail says, "Wait, is there more
pain ahead?" Uh, we just have to be
cautious. Hapuv hapa vu. Yes, I'm a
micro strategy. I actually went more
into micro strategy today. I sold some
in I shifted Nvidia into micro strategy.
I think micro strategy is totally
undervalued. Look at Bitcoin. Bitcoin is
up, Micro Strategy is down. Like, what's
even happening? Something is off here.
And Micro Strategy is a pretty strong
company, by the way. If you look at the
fundamentals, what is going to happen to
Micro Strategy? They they don't have a
vulnerability other than Bitcoin going
down, but Bitcoin is going up right now.
So, I think Micro Strategy is a buy.
August 70 August $70 price target.
I don't understand that. Richie cash too
early to short SpaceX. We had that
already. Uh can Elon controls the
algorithm of which algorithm?
X. That's true. 420 is the name says 10
years from now space. If you invested
1,000 SpaceX 2026, you will now have 3
million.
3,000x.
I don't think so. I'm very bullish on
space, but you we're not going to make
3,000x
in 10 years.
Not in 10 years.
Richie cashash, nice plan, Joe, but I'm
doing both. Making money on way up and
we'll be ready for the big drop in 2027.
Sure.
250 call viso out of the money because I
want to be a little cautious. We still
have for SpaceX potentially irrational
behavior ahead when all these
rebalancing and uh funds come in. So why
not? I end my first tippy toe into the
water. I want to don't want to lose too
much money here. So going short naked
250 call gave you seven bucks. That's a
lot of money. Seven bucks is a lot of
money for that much out of the money
just for a month.
Last week $490 Tesla this week naked
short calls on SpaceX. Anything to keep
you distracted.
Tesla end of the year target price.
Well, I said if they if they deploy the
cyber caps and they scale to 15,000 I
think we will see 800 to a,000 for
Tesla.
It is really absolutely dependent if
they get this stuff out. But think about
it. They're producing them by the
hundreds now every week. So, I do think
they will. I'm sticking to my plan or
not plan. I'm sticking to my prediction.
Brian, hi Joe. Any updated thoughts on
when the market starts seeing the robot
taxi world as significantly delayed? At
what point could the stock really sell
off?
I think there is no such point. I think
we are now in June getting into the
territory where the market loses
patience and the market says what the
hell is happening and losing hope and
getting annoyed but that is not a crazy
selloff because we see that Tesla is
actually scaling up everything. So, it's
not a total failure. And I think the
result of that, as long as Tesla keeps
churning out Cyber Caps and does all
these little pieces of progress while
nothing really happens, I think the risk
is the stock deflating
despite making progress in theory. And
so, we will see constant selling
pressure. We say like, oh, we at 390, we
at 400, market goes up, we get 410, we
go back to 3 390, we go back to 380.
That is the risk. I think we're getting
now into that phase where the market
says what the hell is even happening?
Why is this not coming? They're losing a
little patience. But we shouldn't
overreact
because it is very clear on the ground
for anyone who knows anything that we
are making very good progress. So I
think right now we are in a little bit
of a valley of tears for Tesla because
of SpaceX, because Tesla is not anymore
the hottest game in town. the Elon Musk
play. Now we have SpaceX, you know,
stealing the spotlight and I think
people will get frustrated with SpaceX
very soon and then we might, you know,
pivot back to Tesla a little bit. But I
think we in a new age. I think uh the
shiny glossy shine on all the Musk
stocks is wearing off to be totally
frank.
uh but I think it's just in time when
they can actually start to deliver and
they need to deliver otherwise it's
getting nasty
but when you look at the ground on the
ground we are delivering
so this is the interesting news
situation the time for hype is over now
especially after SpaceX the time for
hype is over the time to show result is
now
we are showing some indirect results
with cyber cap ramping
But we need to see something happening
otherwise we have to get you know we
have to buckle up that the stock will be
under pressure. That is the situation
now.
Cyber cap breakout coming. Yeah. So I
mean we are in this is the real deal
right this we are like in the finals
now. We can lose and then lose a lot of
money on the stock or we can win and
make a lot of money. And this is exactly
what's happening now.
Street Crate Zero says, "I'm out of all
my short-term options. I took profits on
the SpaceX. My wife spanked me for
buying. Now the wife and I are off to
Vegas to play the less sketchy casinos."
Yes, Vegas. At least you know what you
get with the casinos. They are less
risky than Wall Street.
Joe, how low do you see Tesla going over
the next few days? I mean, it really
depends on the market. I think
uh I mean Tesla is clearly weak right
now but I don't think we will drop much
more. The market is this is all a
function of the market. I think the
market stabilizes and I don't think any
that was not serious today in my
opinion. It was like an attempt to sell
off failed kind of I don't think the
market is under too much pressure.
You never know. But today didn't look to
me like a crazy selloff. So, and we just
had a sell off and we just had a
recovery. I think we will climb a wall
of worries for June, maybe July.
And I think Tesla will remain weak until
we see some movement.
But I do think, as I explained
yesterday, we have a local probability
maximum coming end of June where
something could happen.
Uh, Bla1 Hudson asks, "Why didn't you
get rid of your short puts at 400, move
to 390 at the end of the trading today?"
Because I'm not that conservative yet.
Uh, so let's see how this goes. If it
falls more, yes, I have to do that. But
good question.
It's being deployed Monday. Elon likes
to do cool things like making Cybertruck
bulletproof. How cool would it be to
unleash these on the world all at once?
Yeah, I think we should be prepared that
something could happen. So, the risk is
not always to the downside. Don't forget
that. The risk is also to the upside.
If you're confident of the short-term
catalyst, why don't you go all call
options? No, I would never do that. I'm
ne I hate call options and I'm not
confident on the short-term catalyst.
Not confident enough for call options.
Call options are deadly because if you
go sideways on call options, you're
getting absolutely totally murdered. So
I rather go short puts.
I think call options are only for
extreme situations where you have high
confidence and a very narrow window
because if you think you buy call
options, let's say 420 or even 400 call
options or 4, you know, 450, whatever
you want to do, h three to six months
out and you think you're safe. You're
absolutely not safe because what happens
if nothing happens for two months?
You're so dead. I can't even put it. You
lose 80% of your money
because of, you know, time decay. So,
call options are a very bad idea. Long
um unless we are in a total runup,
but we need to be in the runup, not
before.
Bond selling off hard caused the heavily
leveraged hedge funds to have to sell
stock when interest rates rose on their
borrowing costs. That wasn't
uh did they sell off today during the
speech? I have to look at that up.
Is there any value in buying new
offerings from Alphabet Antropic Meta? I
think they all have captured audiences.
Isn't there room for everyone that will
benefit directly from orbital compute?
I don't like them too much, especially
Anthropic. Like I I'm getting very
skeptical on Anthropic to be honest. Uh
Meta is a little bit in the toilet and
Alphabet is doing fine, but it's all
priced in. So I don't think any of them
offers like specifically strong
upside.
Um, John Paul Speed Skater says, "If we
get nasty in September, just imagine
what happens to this bag when it slowly
bleeds to 350 by then." True. That's why
they better deploy some robo taxis. My
broker told me your account is
Sell it all.
I don't know what that means.
Richie Cash says, "Joe, are you tracking
the terrestrial data center spacings
building in Tennessee? Listening to
Elon, I think we can expect another one
gawatt or two gigawatt coming." Uh, I
have to look into that. I don't know the
latest. I am pretty sure
one SpaceX catalyst, but the problem is
the stock is too high. You know, when
you run any numbers, maybe that's a hype
news and it drives the stock up, but
when you look at the numbers, you know,
you can't get there.
But I'm pretty sure this year we will
see more announcements like Colossus 3
or something.
Thoughts on Claude AI new update being
banned by the US? This is all I am not
impressed by Claude by Fable and all
that stuff. Uh I tried it. It's like I
don't even know what people are talking
about. But I'm not a coder, so maybe
it's only for coding. Um
and
this is a long story. I will do a video
on this topic. I will just not get a lot
of clicks because people don't are not
that interested in AI videos. Uh or
maybe I just weave it into the next live
show. Uh you know, it's very interesting
what's going on with these models and I
do think that there will be an
increasing push to not release very
advanced models
which is interesting what happens then.
Uh, I got a small position in Micro
Strategy 5X bull today. Oh, is there 5x?
Wow. Been holding Micro Strategy for a
month now. For a month, it was probably
bad.
Um, 420 is the name. Oh, we have so many
comments today. 420 is the name after a
couple SpaceX now accepting Doge for
Starlink. Oh, that's interesting.
Andreas says, "You know what would be
cool, Joe? You could see if you could
make a stream with Rob Mau." Yeah, Rob
is cool. We should have more of these uh
combined stream. That's true. Maybe
Peggy, the Pedi who came back from the
dead. Uh we had a little chat today on
X.
Richie Cash says, "Elon told us the
Cyber Cap rollout will be painfully
slow. It now feels painfully this month.
So, I'm bullish we get big announcements
in July regarding cyber cap business
unleashed into the wild. Who knows? Who
knows? We could get it this month. I
mean, I'm still believe that June is
more likely than July, but let's see.
Just watching World Cup, I see no cyber
caps on the pitch. You are wrong. I
know. No cyber caps.
And Genbar JP had a good point like what
are these cyber caps with a steering
wheel actually doing? I'm wondering
about these things because if you have
all these cyber caps with the steering
wheel, why are they sitting in parking
lots? They they could just test drive
them around if they need to do that. I
don't understand exactly what's going on
there.
Uh will Q2 be big? Well, Q2 is half
gone. So no
Q2 results. I think Q2 results will be
pretty good. Yes, don't expect this
stock to move up on hopes and delays.
Yeah, it moves up on Cyber Cap.
Jordan says, "How far would SpaceX have
to drop before you would consider buying
versus Tesla stock?" So, this is a very
good question.
I do not have, by the way, for SpaceX, I
do not have a firm buying price target,
but SpaceX has to be treated as a
momentum and technical trade. I want
SpaceX. I'm very bullish on SpaceX. I
actually think it's fundamentally
undervalued right now, but I have
extremely high conviction this thing,
this little animal will drop dead uh in
the second half of this year. And so, I
don't have a specific price. It's more
on a timeline. I know when all these
unlocks come, when all the sellers are
allowed to sell and that will be very
big because it will be up to 20% of all
the stocks can be sold and only 5% are
the float right now. So you have 5% of
all the outstanding so of the 13 billion
stock in the market but there will be
20%
you know 1.6 6 billion shares being
thrown into the market from sellers once
this unlocks starting in August. So
there will be massive selling pressure.
So
I do think by end of the year we will
have completed the selling pressure on
this stock. So the likelihood that
SpaceX sees its low
uh this year um between August and
December is very high. And so the odds
that you should buy SpaceX before
December before it hits like the new the
normal equilibrium is high. So I do
think it drops below 135. I do think it
will do so before December. Of course,
if we merge with Tesla, everything is
like confused and complicated, but then
I don't care that I have the Tesla
shares and uh yeah, that's how it's
going to go.
Do you think SpaceX can be shorted if
you buy today and sell in the next
couple of weeks?
Uh
if you buy today and say, "Well, this is
too much gambling for me." Even though I
believe there will be more buying
pressure on SpaceX. So the direction
will be more towards the upside from
here. It is so overbought that I don't
know if that can just drive it over 200
again.
I would definitely not bet against it
going to 210 or 220, but I'm also not
betting on it. So, I think the safer bet
on SpaceX getting IPO shares was a good
strategy, but I stayed out of it because
I knew I'm not going to get too many, so
it's not worth my the effort. Uh, now
it's clearly no short-term overvalued.
So, yeah, you can ride the rocket up a
little bit more. If you buy it now, the
odds that you make money are pretty are
probably much better than you lose money
short term. But then you you're doing
this timing. You have to get out in time
and stuff like that. So I don't do that.
Um
I'm also considering the SpaceX ETF 2X
short. Well, the problem with these
things is
that these are made for day traders. So,
if you have a strategic thesis that
SpaceX goes down and you buy this 2x ETF
short and SpaceX goes up and up and then
down and up again and then down and then
down a lot, you are not this is not
going to be good for you because you're
losing money on this thing. I did a
video on this on all these 2x and
multiex ETFs. They are made for so you
can be in a situation that you're buying
this thing. Let's say the bull thing 2x
bull and then the stock goes up and down
and up and down up and down and then up
goes 10% up you can be 5% down because
of the math.
So it is not something that promises you
if Tesla goes up 10% that you're going
up 20 or SpaceX goes down 10% you're
going up 20. Uh it depends in what time
frame that's only guaranteed same day.
So you have to be cautious of the math
of these ETFs.
Nothing to say just now. It is down and
you buy
and it's up hold that it's with both.
Poxy Frostbite says I've done the
numbers on dollars to percent ownership
for Tesla and SpaceX, but Tesla has so
much more now utility. It will still
worth it to get a little less stock
overall in the short term. Yes.
Uh
my opinion is Tesla will have more
short-term real growth until at least
after the analogs. Yes,
I hope so. I hope they get these stupid
cyber caps out. Volatility drag is
terrible. Yes, it's the it's death.
Um, what about leaps December 2028 deep
in the money?
You mean for Tesla
synthetic long with leap? Uh, well, I'm
a little irritated by the merger
discussions and the options and what
they will do with the options. Um,
but I do think long-term strategic now
is a very good time to position yourself
in Tesla. definitely think that.
So,
it's very late. I have so much
allergies. I don't know what's going on
here. Uh, what is going on here in the
markets? Tesla,
horrible,
not much going on after hours. Fed,
nothing going on on CNBC.
Fed
wash
surge in bond yields. We can check that
out. Maybe what are the bond yields
doing 10 year?
Let's show the chart.
So
one day.
Yeah. So it went from 443
to peak 450 basically.
Yeah, that's pretty extreme as a move.
Bond deals going up which is like
weird. The bonds going up,
stocks going down. Yeah,
this is all speculation because he
didn't say anything specific. They're
just making it up. these people. He
explicitly said that he's not going to
say anything.
You know, two-year yield rockets high as
many Fed officials signal possible hike
this year. Well, but that was uh 10 12
hours ago. So, I think this is highly
spec. This is stupid. This is just
speculation.
Uh maybe we can look at the five key big
takeaways from Worsh.
No rate changes, but the hawks are
circling.
There were no apparent descents to keep
the federal fund rates targeted between
3.5% and 3.75%. However, the dot plot of
expectations further out showed an
inclination towards a hike later this
year. I mean, why would we hike, right?
There will be an unemployment problem.
So, you can't hike. Of course, if you
only look at inflation, maybe. But now
oil is coming down. Whatever.
Whatever. I I doubt there will be a
hike. But let's see. I think there will
be employment pressure and so no hike.
The dot mystery solved. There was
rampant speculation heading into the
meeting that WHS wouldn't be submitting
a dot and he confirmed that he did not.
In the past, the chairman has expressed
a disdain for such forward guidance as
hamstringing future policy. Okay. Regime
change via task force. Bush has been
promising to shake things up at the Fed
and his first steps in doing so came
through the announced formation of five
task forces. They're charged with
studying communication blah blah blah
blah. Okay, great. Congratulations
for tough on inflation about on about a
dozen occasions wars used the term price
stability. That's what I noticed too.
That scared the people. That is
basically why we are selling off a
little bit. But this is such a weak
signal. He basically repeated price
stability. So people are concerned that
he's an inflation hawk, which means
maybe he's going to hike even though
he's not saying it. So
for a chairman who had opined often
about cutting rates, it was surprisingly
hawkish talk about his and the
committee's unamiguous and an anonymous
resolve to get inflation under control.
Okay.
Markets responded in kind with a policy
sensitive 2-year Treasury yield soaring
by 14.4 four basis points.
Brevity is a soul of wit and monetary
policy. Worsh also promised to revamp
communications and the first visible
step was a dramatically a bridged post
meeting statement. That that's why I
liked him. There was no nonsense
anymore. Prior to the new chairman's
arrival, the statements generally ran in
excess of 300 words, generally
consisting of boilerplate language that
investors passed through. This time, the
statement just ran 130 words, short and
sweet with little ambiguity. In short,
this is all nonsense. Nothing was said.
There you have it. That was the big
market mover today.
Kellyquist, hi, I'm late. Hi, Kelly.
Still welcome.
Um
Saul Saul says Elon is definitely timing
the market to let the cyber caps run
riot and announce the merger.
I don't know what the strategy would be
there.
Havu O says, "Do you really think Tesla
SpaceX merger could happen?" Yes, for
sure. Space is considered a defense
company, meaning that it cannot have non
US citizens as employees. Also, other
legal challenges.
That's a good point. I don't know
exactly how to handle that. I'm sure
they have a plan. Still waiting for the
Tesla breakout. And by the way, if you
have a conglomerate, that's not true.
You can have different divisions and
some have s
national security things and and others
don't. Look at Boeing and stuff like
that.
Um they have a defense division and then
they have like a civilian division.
What do you think about the global
economy and general macro stackflation?
18 year cycle says we are due for a very
large drop in the coming year or so. Uh
you can't time it that precisely. I
think we are definitely in a new time.
There's a lot of fed activity and money
printing and M2. So there's I mean we
have endless amounts of manipulation
possibility.
I think on a super macro level
it is very clear that AI will be
disruptive in 2027 28. It will be
horrible for a lot of people. They will
lose their jobs. There will be all kinds
of problems. The government needs to
print money. So there will be money
expansion. There will be inflation. And
we also need inflation because of the
debt. We need to inflate away the debt.
That is the secret, the dirty secret.
The government wants inflation. Uh
probably 3 to 4%. And the theory is they
want 3 to 4% and tell everyone they want
2%. So they're constantly trying to get
to 2% while they are basically doing 3
to 4%. And that solves the debt problem.
You can basically inflate away 20% of
the debt in 10 years or whatever. So
it's very clear inflation is here to
stay because it's a strategic policy
tool. Inflation the target the real the
true target inflation is 3 to 4%. The
official target inflation is 2% and
that's the game everyone is playing.
But that's good for assets. Asset prices
have to go up. Uh because people just
finding out Elon Company had helped
shoot 2,000 missiles in Iran.
Elon Company, I don't think so.
Does anyone mess with two times Tesla
ETF? No. I don't like these ETFs. I did
like a deep dive on them because for
mathematic reasons you they're not that
effective. Are you still being bullish
on Trump as you were six months ago?
Well,
obviously less. I think Iran was a huge
mess, but uh Trump still delivered in
the end. He showed that he can pull out,
that he still the t he still has what it
takes to tackle, and lots of presidents
would have gone down the escalation
ladder and done stupid stuff. I I think
the fact that we started the stupid Iran
war is not very specific to Trump. I
think most presidents would have done
it, even though it's a mistake. But
Trump is the one who was able to pull us
out. I don't want to sound too much like
a fanboy. He did many things, stupid
things. I don't understand fully why he
did that. But in the end, he is the one
who can pull us out of these things.
Alexander Person also what will happen
if SpaceX tanks and then the merger
happens for Tesla? That's not a problem.
They can make an offer for whatever two
trillion and then it doesn't matter
where SpaceX is at the merger. They just
have to pay for it. they can they can
merge with a larger entity.
How do you feel the impact of SP SpaceX
Tesla being classified as dual use
companies? It seems with the sponsorship
of the president, this becomes a great
limit moving forward.
Well, again, I think you can designate
different divisions of a company
differently.
I'm pretty sure Star Shield is already
operational. That is true.
Uh
what
happened to April May? We were all amped
up ramping robo taxi. Well,
yeah, RW Hersh, you're right. I'm also
feeling Yeah. a little frustrated
obviously because I thought April May is
the inflection point. We now have a lot
of cyber caps out of the wild, but how
long are they going to drag this out? I
don't know.
My theory is they can't drag it out for
much longer. That is my theory. But who
knows?
Is SpaceX 100% margin because it's new?
When would it possibly go down to 30 or
50% margin requirements?
Oh, I don't know. Because it's so crazy
volatile for now. Will take a few
months. Joe, could you please explain
what it would mean if Elon would create
a parent company X above SpaceX and
Tesla and the rest of his companies?
Um, I have to think about this. I think
uh they won't do that. I think SpaceX is
going to buy Tesla. They're going to
rename their whole operation to X
Corporation
and that's it. And they might have then
a division of SpaceX, SpaceX. They will
have XAI, SpaceX, Tesla under the X
Corporation probably.
This wasn't Trump's war.
He ended a 47y year long conflict. Yeah,
we can see it like that. You know, I
think two I mean now the sentiment is
shifting. Everyone wanted Trump to end
this thing. Now he ended it and it
wasn't easy and now I see a lot of
people coming around actually even on
the left. Just purchase some more Tesla
to bullish to not grab more at these
prices. I believe so. So too, like if
you if you are if you need Tesla to go
up in the next few months, you might get
very frustrated. But if you're
strategic, I think we are very close to
inflection point. This is a good point
to buy. Grock was used to shoot 2,000
missiles. What is that? I don't even
know what the as Dave Lee suggested in
about 2020 and Elon agreed to be a good
idea.
What do you mean droid? Lovely insight.
Thanks for answering all the questions.
Enjoyed the show. Was a pleasure for the
win. Okay, now I have to hang up and uh
sleep a little bit. Um but thanks so
much for tuning in. We had fun as
always, even though it was a not great
day for Tesla and the market. But as I
said, I don't think we have to be too
concerned about anything here.
So,
I hope you guys enjoyed that and we
continue tomorrow. I have like a
political video, an update on Germany in
the works. I hope I can get it out
tomorrow or Friday. Let's see.
Take