Channel:     jobhakdi
Title:       Tesla And Google Stock DESTROYED - What Next?
URL:         https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Xga1dyA0xCM
Published:   2026-07-23 14:40 UTC
Fetched:     2026-07-23 18:00 UTC

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

everyone to this very dark day in Tesla
land. As you probably know, Tesla
earnings were yesterday and the stock is
getting slaughtered. The reason for that
is multiffold. I would put it into two
central buckets plus one that affects
the entire market. So technically three,
but two that are very specific to the
Tesla stock story. the first one and we
will go first into Tesla then look into
Google and then look into the broader
market and then take a look at macro
because that is actually very important
to understand this entire story. So you
probably see or saw what happened to
Tesla today. It's down 13.38%.
Absolutely brutal $50 down. $50 down.
I'm glad I'm glad I lightened up a
little bit. or a lot on that as I
explained yesterday in the preview
meeting, preview earnings. I was the
first to go live before earnings because
I couldn't do live coverage and I told
everyone I'm lightening up. I have a bad
feeling for multiple reasons and turns
out it's much worse than I even thought.
So, what is happening here? Number one
reason, not the most important reason,
but one of the two reasons that are
Tesla specific is of course that we have
capex [snorts]
expectations that are actually higher
than expected.
Elon mentioned here's Gene Monster
commenting on this. Tesla dips another
2% on Elon's comments that this will be
a massive capex year. He didn't detail
numbers. We likely get them from CFO
later on the call. the keys next year. I
I don't even know if he got them or not.
No one even cares. Uh the keys next year
street at 25 billion in capex for 26 and
21 billion in 27. That is clearly
stupid. Of course, 27 will be bigger
capex. Capex will go up from here all
the time. That's a good thing. Of
course, for anyone who's into growth,
capex is great if you have growing
businesses, growing business lines like
Roboax and Optimus. But the market
absolutely hates it. And the absolute
proof of that,
the absolute proof of that is of course
the other big stock we are watching here
even though we have no position
and that is Google. and Google reported
yesterday and they absolutely blew
earnings out of the water way above
expectations coming in extremely
positive
but had capex uh news that the market
didn't like and you know we can look
into that too I can give you the quick
numbers not that important the details
here but basically the earnings came in
incredibly well good so we had earnings
per share of $111
and the anticipated earnings per share
were $2.95. Like, are you kidding me?
So, we had revenue of 119 billion for
Google and 116 billion uh expected. So,
that's a slight beat, but EPS, look at
the madness. Look at the absolute
earnings explosion here. Cloud revenue
increased a whopping 82% jumping to 24
billion. 82%
82%
growth. So absolutely killing it.
Absolutely killing it across the board.
I'm not going to bore you with Google
details. The takeaway here is Google
beat like crazy, but they said one tiny
little thing. They had an estimate of
$180 billion capex. By the way, compare
that to Tesla at 25 billion, but $180
billion in planned capex. And they
increased that
to something around 200 billion, right?
So basically from from 185 billion to
200 billion roughly tiny little increase
15 billion higher less than 10%
additional capex from what the market
thought
and then this is how the market rewards
you for that. The market absolutely
slaughters Google. And if you know
anything, Google being down 7% on a
massive earning speed is actually worse
than Tesla being down 13%.
To drop, I mean, this is over 50% of
what Tesla is down. That is brutal in my
opinion. When you look at these two,
even though it's not a good day for
Tesla shareholders, of course, but what
they did to Google is much more crazy in
my opinion because they more clearly
beat. They're absolutely on track. Of
course, Gemini sucks. Everyone knows
that, but that's not a surprise. But
they're beat completely and then get
slaughtered like this. What does it tell
us? It tells us
it tells us very something very, very
simple. It tells us that the market
right now is absolutely brutal and
unforgiving.
Absolutely brutal and unforgiving. And
we are going to look at the other side
of this capex equation which is Micron
and Nvidia. Elon called out Micron on
the earnings call very surprisingly and
said that that Elon and Tesla are very
grateful for Micron to have a special
allocation of HDM RAM of like you know
the expensive RAM that is in very short
supply. So that tells you how powerful
uh how powerful Micron is positioned.
And of course Micron which is my biggest
position right now is up a lot today
3.28% 28% against a market backdrop
where the entire market is getting
murdered. NASDAQ now down 2.23%,
Micron up 3.15%.
But you also know that Micron got also
absolutely slaughtered. Look, the the
peak here, $1,200 just less than a month
ago. They dropped all the way down to
800. That's where I started going into
Micron aggressively because it's just
insane. And their price earnings ratio,
their forward price earnings ratio is
like $7 right now, maybe eight dollars
now with this up. And [snorts]
that shows you a little bit. Micron, a
stock that is growing like crazy that
has locked and cornered the entire HDM
RAM market, the memory market for these
very advanced GPU chips. There is no
competition other than SKH Highix and a
little bit of Samsung. And these three
dominate the entire market 90% of world
market for this kind of RAM that is the
absolute bottleneck for AI.
And even that stock got killed despite
having hundreds of percent of growth
probably another 100% next year on
massive amounts of earnings and the
market was absolutely brutal and
unforgiving to Micron.
That was the main reason why I warned
about Tesla. I said, "Look, my initial
thesis here on Tesla, nothing changed on
the substance of my thesis. Roboaxi is
coming. They are going to scale. They're
going to take their time." As I
explained why because there's no upside
of rushing it, but they're going to
succeed. The problem that we are facing
now on Tesla, the problem that everyone
is facing
is that the market is absolutely brutal.
And I will go into why that might be in
a second. The market is absolutely
brutal. And if you treat Micron the way
you do, if you treat Nvidia the way you
do, how are you going to treat Tesla and
SpaceX
super high price earnings ratios? Of
course, Tesla and SpaceX have these
amazing futures in front of them, but
Micron and Nvidia are in the middle of
their amazing future that is happening
right now and they're getting punished.
So it is all about a massive shift in
market expectations at large. I mean
look at this here. This is SpaceX today
also absolutely getting murdered at 111.
This thing was at 220 a few weeks ago
and that is after falling already
yesterday. And I I told everyone don't
touch SpaceX for now. I'm not going to
touch it here. I'm not going to touch it
anytime soon. I'm going to wait for more
share unlocks before we do anything
here.
I am fundamentally extremely bullish on
SpaceX, but it's very clear that the
market wants to slaughter the stock and
it's very clear that the market is hyper
negative. Look at Nvidia today.
Ridiculous. Nvidia probably the best
value to risk ratio in the entire
market. Nothing can go wrong with that
stock in my opinion. It's massively
undervalued on a forward price earnings
ratio. It has a total monopoly on the
most advanced GPUs. As you all know,
Yansenhang is absolutely killing it.
They're doing everything right. They
don't leave any opening for any
competition. Uh and even if the market
has just infinite infinity demand as we
see Google is getting slaughtered and
Tesla are getting slaughtered for capex
and the people they are spending that
capex on
are also getting going down. not not
Micron, but Nvidia. So, this definitely
makes no sense, right? You can't you
can't you can't uh have your cake and
eat it too. You either have Nvidia going
up and Google going down, but you can't
have both because Google is going down
because it spends on Nvidia. That makes
no sense. So, that is kind of the bigger
picture here. That is the problem we are
facing right now. And of course, I think
many of us are really focused on Tesla
and this amazing story that is coming
and why is his stock getting
slaughtered. But we have to take a step
back and see the bigger picture here.
You can't ask why Tesla is getting
slaughtered when Google is getting
slaughtered
after amazing earnings because Google is
a has a much lower price earnings ratio
here. Look at this. 15. Are you kidding
me? 15. And Tesla, of course, has a
price earnings ratio of 300. That's the
problem here. And I'm all for Tesla in a
normal market. In a normal market where
you have different stocks, different
stories, you have value stocks, you have
stocks that are in the middle of growing
as large, super large corporations like
Google and then you can diversify and
buy some Tesla and SpaceX where the
future is the promise of the stock. But
in this market, nothing nothing matters.
It's all about slaughtering left and
right everyone.
Everyone including Micron a few weeks
ago because
the market basically is now in a mood in
a sentiment where the market says I
don't care about the future. I don't
care about anything. you have if you
want my money, if you want me to buy
anything here, I need immediate massive
and insane returns and a guarantee that
they continue. That is what the market
is right now. And we and that is the
case with Nvidia and even Nvidia has
problems. It is extremely the case with
Micron. That's why it's up a little bit
today. Why is that? That is what we have
to understand. So my takeaway here is
short. We zip it here short for the
stocks and then go into macro. Why is
that? Because talking about Tesla, robo
taxi, Optimus doesn't make any sense. If
the real reason why this is getting
slaughtered is not Tesla,
it's not Tesla. I could, by the way, go
on. You can look it up yourself. Look at
Meta. You look at Amazon today, down
4.5%. Crazy. The real reason is the
market is repricing and readjusting
everything right now. everything.
And why is that?
It is a mix of things, a blend of
things.
On the surface, on the surface, it might
be Iran, it might be Trump,
it might be things like this here,
oil going through the roof, because the
Iran war
against what I thought is going to
happen is escalating. Even though the
United States can absolutely not afford
this war to continue, it can even less
afford to escalate it and so can't
anyone else in the world. China is
actually better prepared than people
think. But they also hate it because it
doesn't hit China so hard. It hits all
their trade partners.
It's horrible. At the same time, the CIA
and the United States and everyone in
Europe helps Ukraine to also bomb all
these Russian oil supplies, which
further
makes this a catastrophe for the entire
world economy. Now, there's a lot of
speculation why who wants to bring down
the world economy here? Doesn't matter.
Maybe everyone's just dumb. Maybe it's a
master plan. We don't care. It's
happening and it's very bad. And maybe
everyone is ignoring this a little bit,
but this is extremely bad what's
happening. It's extremely bad, extremely
risky. And the market right now just
says, "Well, it's so bad. It is so
catastrophic if this happens that we
simply assume it's not happening because
it can't because no one can be so insane
to as actually draw us into a giant war
that kills us all like economically."
But I wouldn't be so sure anymore. I
reduced now my confidence that this
cannot escalate from 90% to 70%. I think
there is now a 30% chance that this is
just a catastrophe in the making.
And of course that's not very good for
markets. Markets say dude we don't know
we are even here tomorrow anymore. I
don't want to hear about the future. I
want cash flows now. I want massive
amounts of cash from you now in order to
give you my money and buy your stock.
And Tesla is definitely not doing that.
The second reason besides Iran, maybe
Ukraine, but mostly the Iran situation
that can absolutely bring down the world
economy very soon if this stuff doesn't
stop and if it escalates, you can't stop
it anymore.
But the reason number two,
the reason number two
is this
that AI itself creates more and more an
event horizon.
An event horizon
that is coming closer and closer. This
is Kimmy K3 versus Opus that is coming
closer and closer to the current point
in time. What do I mean with that? It
means that AI is developing too fast. AI
creates now more and more exponential
uncertainty.
What is even happening? And that means
we don't know if OpenAI and Anthropic
will be even around in two years. two
trillion dollar companies each one
trillion dollar companies probably
currently not anymore but in theory two
trillion dollar US companies that spent
massively on capex where we don't know
anymore what will happen to these guys
Kimmy K3 doesn't beat anthropic fable
across the board but it beats it in some
metrics and Kimmy K3 is free it's an
open weights model and they will release
the open weights and next PE in case you
didn't know and then the entire world
will have free access to an open weights
model that has beaten the most advanced
US model in some aspects. Now no one
cares too much American companies can
use that. Maybe you know we have
American or European models coming up.
Who cares? But the fact is not China
versus US. The fact is chaos.
And that chaos when your entire thesis
is built on trillions of dollars in
capex
makes everyone nervous.
Now it doesn't make me nervous on
Micron, Nvidia, on semiis or SpaceX on
all the guys who supply this because
more advanced models at lower prices
just means even more compute needs. I
think there's absolutely no chance that
we don't need compute. And I'm not
talking about any specific thesis here.
I'm talking about the fact that the
market
will price in
macro uncertainty
from Iran and geostrategic risk that are
going through the roof right now to
maybe even bigger risks on the AI side.
And when I say risk
and maybe you start arguing with me,
it's like, Joe, there's no risk that we
don't need compute. Joe, there's no risk
that we don't need RAM. I'm pushing back
and say I I understand. I'm not even
saying that it's a diffuse risk. No one
knows if anyone has a job anymore. End
of next year.
It could eat up 50% of all white collar
jobs.
I think it will to some extent. But
that's not even the question. Who's
right?
The question is could that be? And the
answer is yes.
Could the AI buildout somehow get
disrupted? Of course. Does anyone know
what the Chinese do with RAM? No.
What happens when every human on Earth
has a model that is 10 times more
powerful than Fable probably in six
months or nine months on their desktop
and can do cyber hacking from from from
here to Beijing?
What happens with bio attacks like and
it doesn't matter what we are looking
at. is just infinity
opportunity and risk and the market has
a very simple way of dealing with
uncertainty get price earnings down
because the market says I don't care I
don't want to predict the future I just
know we don't know and if we don't know
I put a risk premium on everything and
that compresses valuations
and that means we are moving into a
world where everything becomes a show me
moment everything becomes about cash
flow and earnings
not in the future but now
there's a second effect about that risk
and uncertainty compresses valuations
and number two opportunities are
exploding and we already see that right
now in stocks Tesla was struggling
already because of SpaceX
everyone was struggling because of
Micron and SanDisk when opportunities
explode across the board and tons of
money is to be made everywhere
everywhere. There's a limited amount of
money that can go into these
opportunities.
And so in this upcoming age of AGI that
is starting as we speak, we will have so
many opportunities all across the board
that everyone will get spoiled as an
investor and say, you know what, you
have to pitch me something where I
double my money in earnings next year.
If I give you a billion dollars, I want
to see two billion in earnings in 12
months. That can absolutely happen. And
you know what that means?
So these are the reasons why we have to
be a little more cautious about things
and we have to understand we are moving
into a new world here.
This is a very wild world, a very
dangerous world and a world littered
with opportunities
and risks. So I think that is going on.
That is the big picture here before we
go into the comments because we need to
keep it short today. Can give it another
15 minutes. Here we have last look at
Tesla complete distraction.
We have a look at Google
complete distraction.
What is the market doing? Down 2.2% the
NASDAQ total distraction. Micron
holding up nicely.
Nvidia. Oh, that's not good. Nvidia is a
large position I have. I don't like that
at all. That's bad. Micron to the
rescue. And SpaceX. Brutal. Just brutal.
Let's uh stay maybe on Nvidia as the
reasonable middle point and go into the
chat. Let's see what you guys think.
It's a wild world out there. It's
important that we follow everything.
Cyber Hornet says, "Hi all." Brahman
says, "Hello." Morning from Seattle.
Good morning. Good afternoon. Back from
Europe.
What's happening? Why is Tesla crashing
hard? It's because of bad earnings. I
explained this. EPS from SpaceX
investment is going to screw us in Q3.
Also,
uh SpaceX is a whole interesting story
because I think SpaceX has some huge
surprises coming in earnings. I don't
know if it's enough to prop up the
stock. That's a different story. But
they might have mass they might be able
to double EBIT run rate from 11 billion
to 22 billion 25 billion.
Cyborg says, "Hi from Berlin, Germany."
Honeyman, I got 48 more chairs at 32370.
What a gift. Yeah, Shuish had some dry
powder. Investors are losing patience
with weak earnings. Absolutely. Hello,
Joe. Can we easily go down to 300 to
280? As I explained, I mean the problem
is here you have to take a look like a
step back and look at the greater
market. And
if you look at Tesla getting
slaughtered, the bad news is really not
in Tesla. The bad news is in this stock.
If you look at Google, if Google drops
7.5% on a massive earnings beat just
because they increased capex by 8% more,
ooh, we are in for a tough time.
We just have to zoom out. Long-term
Tesla will rip. Yeah, I mean the good
news is to Cyber Hornet,
this is also a time where chasing stock
prices can be very frustrating and
dangerous.
uh if you look at the substance DCF
analysis, future earnings and your
projections, you can sleep much better
because even in the worst case scenarios
for the market once robo taxi hits every
million robo taxis gives us 50 billion
in earnings. If you had one trillion 50
billion in earnings, that's only a 20x
PE. So then this will force forcibly
drive the stock to two trillion and more
at 2 million and so on and so forth
regardless of the market. So the worst
case for Tesla sh my opinion is you just
have to wait. That's the good news.
There is no structural risk here long
term uh and they have a tremendous
balance sheet. GI pointed out that
despite all this capex, they're only
going down 1 billion in terms of balance
sheet cash to 39 billion or 40 billion.
Tesla's in a very strong business
position, but the stock has problems.
Hey Joe, greetings from Thailand. Oo,
beautiful. The company is stronger than
ever from an engineering view in my
opinion. Yes, Mr. NV6YX.
Greetings to Thailand. Tesla will be at
$50 a stock within a year. That's
something I do not believe. Andy Peters,
exactly good news for Elon as he gives
50% extra. The stock is exactly where it
was beginning of the year.
Is it beginning of the year? Uh uh I
don't think it's where it was beginning
of the year. And the SpaceX murder can
happen and then magically all fans falls
into place. Optimism robot takes profit.
Well, Andy only that SpaceX is also
getting destroyed. That's the one thing
where you're not right.
SpaceX is at 1.4 trillion. So that's not
going according to plan. Let's see what
they can go do.
Google unbelievable. It tells us time to
go shopping. Yeah. Cyber hornet
only.
Okay. Is it time to go shopping?
I remain cautious.
For me, it's really like looking at
these different stocks. You know, you
have to understand they are more and
more in a singular bucket, the bucket is
AI.
And when you look at the gold standard
of valuations, the lower end of the
thing, which is Micron and SK Heinings,
but SKHings is not an American company.
So, I would not I would discount that a
little bit. I think they are one point
below Micron that five price earnings or
some insane things.
That is where I really started changing
my mind. It was last week where I
started to go down my Tesla position
because this is just bad. Because if you
value Micron like that,
if you value Micron at as eight forward
price earnings, how can you value Tesla
at a 200 forward price earnings when
Micron grows massively more than Tesla?
Because these are all becoming hardware
AI stocks with kind of a similar profile
at some point.
And so that's the problem, right?
Something is mispriced here.
Of course, it's still a long story and
people think Micron is so undervalued
because of cyclical RAM, blah blah blah.
But there are lots of wrong assumptions
in there.
Uh I wonder if the repricing of the EI
trade is because Washington insiders
know some laws and regulations are
coming down the pike. I don't know. I
don't think so. Street Cred Zero. I
think it's much more opaque and vague. I
think people understand that AI becomes
not just AI, the entire world for two
main reasons. Geostrategic risks are
exploding all over the place also
because of the Trump administration and
the completely incompetent EU.
And then the second big bucket that is
even bigger is AI at large
and Kimmy. Look at Kimmy. The the
potential disruption here is crazy.
I sold a covered call on my shares
instead of a short put. Got something
back for that. That's good. Great call
on Micron. Yeah, I was a little risky
because let's not kid ourselves, okay? I
made a big bet and I won. But there is
high risk in here. It's not as simple to
say, oh, Micron totally undervalued. Buy
this thing, it's going to 2,000. It's
probably going to 2,000.
But the slightest hiccup, the slightest
panic in capex can drop this thing 20%
in one session I tell you. So we have to
be cautious. I get massively paid on my
short puts on micron but there is a
reason for it. Okay. So ah I don't sleep
too well. I sleep very well but
throughout the waking hours I'm a little
nervous about all kinds of things
because I'm watching this whole Micron
and Nvidia situation very closely.
There's another problem that I
predicted. I predicted that this will
become a major potential problem. And
then guess what? Chamath posted this
here. I stole it from him.
It's a different video here, but I
predicted
that Anthropic will run into a revenue
growth problem or has already run into a
revenue growth problem, but is hiding
it.
And if that leaks, if that is real and
that leaks, oh my god, buckle up
because that would break at least for a
short period of time, but maybe for six
months or something, it would break the
entire AI narrative. If we see anthropic
AI revenue breaking down, which I
believe it has to because enterprise
overspend like insane people, that drove
growth through the roof beginning of
this year for Anthropic and now all the
enterprise clients are pulling back.
They say this is madness. Stop it. They
don't have the money anymore.
For beginners, and I'm talking about
Wall Street, if they look at that and
it's like, oh my god, the growth is
over. The capex is over. Then good
night. And that is likely going to
happen at some point. Now it's going to
be fake news, but who cares about fake
news or not fake news? And now this was
posted anthropic. We are tracking
anthropic arr of July 22nd with a pace
growth beginning to slow.
Yep. It estimates 69 billion July 10th
and is expected to update tomorrow.
Anthropic has not publicly confirmed the
figure since its 47 billion run rate.
I mean, do you understand what I'm
talking about?
74 billion as of July 22nd.
Okay. And then we have 69 billion July
10th. That still looks fine, but growth
is going down. Do you know what happens
if the market takes us seriously and in
August we come like, oh, anthropic AR is
at 65 billion.
It's shrinking.
I mean, good night.
So,
no one believes Elon's pie in the sky BS
anymore, says Telli. Well, I believe it,
but I think we have a timing problem
right now.
Anna Creekbomb says, "Yes, the market
wants done products now." Exactly. Tesla
could go to 50 and then go 3,000.
Exactly. That's the problem. I'm not
saying it goes to 50, but the market
does just doesn't care. It says, "Okay,
you know what? sell Tesla off to into
oblivion. And when you say, "Oh, market,
you're so stupid. We have 10 million
robo taxis coming." The market's going
to say, "I don't even contest that. I
just wait until it happens because look
at micro. You need to make it happen and
then some before the market even picks
it up." That is the problem.
[snorts] I'm being cocky and doubled
down just now. Endo,
I am a little cautious.
Here's Tesla. I mean, it's insanely
cheap, but I, as I said, you have to
look at the context. Corore says, "Hi,
Joe. Big fan of your work." Thank you.
Where do you think Tesla here? I have to
put this more into Where do you think
Tesla will bottom? And is your price
target still 1,000 by the end of this
year?
Well, I said I didn't Well, I said it
could go to 10,000 if they start scaling
robo taxi. Like, in order here's here's
what has to happen for Tesla to go to
1,000 this year. We need to see over
10,000 cyber caps deployed. Number one.
Number two, we Iran has to end. There
needs to be peace. This has to be the
end.
Number three, the AI scare has to settle
down. There needs to be a sentiment
shift that can absolutely happen where
people get into bubble mode where they
say like, you know what, it's a
beautiful future ahead of us. So, no
stupid talks regulating Chinese models,
open trade for everyone. On the AI
front, Iran settled and 10,000 cyber
caps. Yes, and we can be at 1,000.
I think that is increasingly unlikely.
If anything here is likely, it's the
10,000 cyber caps. I'm still thinking
that could happen. Even though after
this call I'm actually less bullish
because Elon just sounded like, "Oh, we
are just going to take all the time in
the world." So
yeah, it was not a confidence booster
this call.
Trump war and terrorists are bringing
the market down. Yes, there's no doubt.
XX FA and when I go deep red, I double
down for more Alpha Max. It's the
future.
Exactly. Uh Honeybal market is down
because is pricing in more interest rate
hikes due to prolonged Iran war. Yeah
Hannibal that is one of the I mean that
is one of the outcomes that is a problem
here but it's also down because oil
prices and everything but yeah interest
rate rate hikes are part of it. I mean
the Iran war is just a complete
disaster. That is the problem.
RCP3 kits. Market makers are pushing it
lower so they can get a deep discount in
line with SpaceX
could be.
At what point does Joe simply rethink
his thesis for Tesla? Well, I'm
rethinking it all the time, every day,
twice a day.
But Cyber Cap is here to scale. Uh but
as I just elaborated, the market is
repricing everything. That is our
biggest problem.
Uh Tesla didn't drop much this much
after Elon Basy said Trump was one on
the Epste list. Yeah, no one care. I
mean this is just talk. No one cares.
This is not just talk. This time is
more problems. So I changed my Oh,
your audio is low again.
I don't know what the audio problem is.
Hit those for Joe. Exactly. Here, Cyber
Hornet. That's right,
Joe. I'm literally myself right
now. That's not good.
Uh, Moo Anit Tesla large drop isn't
market related. It is very market
related
here. Moch Anit is wrong. Look. Why? How
do you explain this if it's not market
related?
How do you explain freaking Nvidia
despite everyone saying they're buying
it like crazy? How do you explain this
not market related?
So, it is clearly market related the
whole thing.
Giovanni Martinez says, "Joe, we are
pooping our pants right now. Please help
us." Well, we have to be realistic. I
explained the core thesis. Okay, the
core thesis of CyberCap and Optimus.
Nothing has changed. The only bad change
that is not that big, but it's a slight
bad change is that Elon sounded like
they will take all the time in the
world. That doesn't change my
predictions with Cybercap scaling
because they are ramping it up. So, I
think it's all happening as discussed.
The main problem is market repricing of
everything
and that's bad.
The NASDAQ is now down 2.5%.
Are you kidding me? This is extremely
bad. Of course, my favorite stock right
now
is holding up pretty nicely, which is
Micron.
Totally unaffected by the madness
because everyone is saying they need
more micron. So, not too surprising.
Joe, I kept hearing you say that the war
is over because it has to be. You don't
understand the power of Israel over
Trump. That's the lens you need to look
through.
Well, I can't go into Israel
discussions. Then we have a total mental
meltdown here because everyone has
Israel derangement syndrome of one sort
of the other. I don't want to get into
that. But uh we have to talk about macro
a little bit. You're right. Uh well, the
argument against that is that Israel
themselves don't want to be in this war
anymore. they are pulling out like we
had enough of course they say the US
should go ahead so
uh whatever it is someone has power over
Trump I I agree with that I don't think
it's just Israel I think it's some
complicated thing uh who knows
um that's because morons are leading the
world there's no doubt about that and
that is not just Trump that is a whole
bunch of people including the European
leaders
Um, street credit zero meet Kevin thinks
the B2 bombber strikes on the Iran
nuclear centus were an empty facility
and that Iran has been making progress
on nuclear.
Sure, but the nukes are total stupid
excuse anyway. Of course, they didn't
have any effect on that. Everyone knows
that. But
whatever. Um,
what is the likelihood that we that the
earnings calls are being underplayed to
depress the price in advance of the
merger? Well, that's the big uh rumor or
conspiracy theory in the market. Like
for many reasons, I don't think it's an
explicit
conscious conspiracy, but I think it's
pretty clear that the merger is being
prepared from Elon's comments. I think
it's very clear and obviously it is in
not in Elon's interest to have Tesla go
through the roof. Um,
it's also not in Elon's interest that
SpaceX is falling through the floor. So,
I think it might play a role, but it's
not a conscious decision or plan. I
think it's just a underlying,
you know, bias.
Etsyron has been explaining how I will
fail. Well,
I think Edron is totally wrong. I
listened to him too. He's now like on a
big tour saying AI is fake. I think it's
totally wrong.
Uh here RDK added to Tesla Qualcomm
EO E today.
Uh is Qualcomm also down like crazy?
What is happening here?
2.24 to four. NASDAQ is bouncing back a
tiny little bit, but not much.
See how this goes.
Um,
Street Trade Zero says, "Peter D Carlo
thinks Tesla might drop to 280 to 340.
Well,
we already dropped way below 340 and may
further drop to 260 280 smart money zone
where institution buyers start piling
in." I don't you know it's always good
to look at the technical anal an
analysts but
uh there are other forces at work here
in my opinion that are totally
non-technical that are totally market
related that's what I think
crypto going to explode now crypto is
doing pretty well but
yeah crypto's holding up well I'm pretty
bullish on crypto because what I said
about AI and the chaos that is incoming
in the event horizon
coming closer. Wow. 319. This is very
brutal. Tesla
um is benefiting crypto. I do think just
on a qualitative take,
crypto is just hot.
Also, Ethereum. I I know there are lots
of Sana fans. I'm not even technically
convinced that Ethereum is better than
Solana or anything. It's just that
Ethereum is the bigger solution right
now. has more adaptation by big banks,
by Robin Hood and so on and so forth.
But Solana is probably also a good bet
and of course Bitcoin. I think in a
world of chaos, crypto will do well.
Um the corporate AI dive seems to be an
opportunity to cut dead wood. All open
AI and anthropic do is collate and
plagiarize existing knowledge other
actual people created. Well, yes, that's
the nature of AI.
Uh,
I was in negative Tesla for one year. I
finally sold it for 5,000
or 5 profit. Now I buy it when it drops
to earn some profit fast. And then as
soon as I buy, it drops like a rock in
the sea. Yeah.
Beth's. Yeah, Tesla was a large
position. No, I got out last. I didn't
get out. I'm still in. It still dragged
me down today. Make no mistake. I lost
money. But Micron is my largest
position. Synthetic position, not
shares. And Nvidia is my largest share
position. Tesla is now very is like
smaller than Nvidia right now.
Uh Tesla is struggling because of
SpaceX. I'm struggling because FSC is 9
years late. Yes.
Um
I mean that's the funny thing here.
Ricard Ricardo Tesla is actually
succeeding on all fronts. That's the
funny thing. Look at Cyber Cap. Look at
everything. They're making progress all
over the place. I think as shareholders
often we get sucked into a perspective
that's actually not connected to reality
because we're too much shareholder
centric or share price centric. We see
progress all over the Trump uh all over
the the map. Not Trump.
Uh Trump started up the war again.
That is true. I I mean Iran is one of
the biggest train wrecks that ever
happened where everyone says it's insane
what is happening and it's still
happening. That's so irritating about
it. No one like this is not normal. The
Iraq war, Afghanistan, even Ukraine,
there's always like a narrative why
people fall for it and there is a big
chunk of the population that supports it
and all that kind of stuff. There's a
debate on Iran. There's no debate.
Everyone's like, "Okay, this is
officially insane." So, I don't get it
what's going on. No one gets it
here. Smokers haven says Musk is failing
only for traders. His companies have
been massive success stories.
Absolutely. If you just look at the cash
producing machines that Elon is building
and you have to understand we are all
into stocks. Elon is not into stocks.
Elon is into substance because that's
going the long way. He's looking at
Tesla growing, expanding, piling up
cash, capex increasing. still only 1
billion down in cash, 40 billion on the
balance sheet.
Terraab is being built out like crazy.
Optimus is being built out like crazy.
Have you seen these factories? Cyber cap
is scaling for Elon. Everything is fine
by the way. And I think we have this
overbias towards like, oh, the stock the
stock Elon doesn't care and it's
actually smart to not care because the
stock will eventually follow the facts.
That's how it is. That's very important
to understand.
I get ready for 220.
It's another gray swan for the second
time this year. That's a smart comment
from Tech Research Labs.
All eyes on Optimus now. Still on Cyber
Cap 2.
Tesla knew since last quarter people
were unsatisfied with their opacity.
They had an opportunity to fix it
yesterday but ignored it. That is true,
Brian. I'm also not happy with the
Tesla, you know, investor relations
strategy and earnings call strategy. I
don't think it's fair what they're doing
to be totally honest. I I don't like it.
So, yeah, we can debate that. I think
the general business strategy is very
sound and good, but the market
communications, yeah, that's not great.
Tesla produces their own system that
they then use totally insulated from the
coming AI crash. Not totally insulated,
but over time more and more insulated.
Yes, I agree. But not insulated right
now. Maybe in 2028. They need terap for
that.
Chunky nugget says bought more Tesla
already. Double down, baby. Robo taxi to
the rescue. I mean, here's the thing. If
you are not a crazy trader or like an
institutional investor who has to do
this every day, if you have time, five
years, these are just insane buying
opportunities. There's just no doubt
that you will make money. There's an
interesting study, by the way, people
who follow individual stocks and trying
to beat the market. I said it yesterday,
very interesting. The outcome of most
people who try to beat the market is
twofold. They underperform the market.
That's the bad news. But the good news
is they're making way more money than
everyone else because everyone else is
not in stocks enough.
So maybe they look dumb, right? Because
they underperform the market. But it's
not about if you underperform the market
or not. The question is how much money
do you make on your money? and some
smarty pants who bought an index fund
with 10% of his money and for the rest
bought some stupid house or something
and the other who tries to beat the
market and goes in 100% and you know
buys Tesla or something and then
underperforms the S&amp;P still beats the
other guy because he's in with
everything. The bottom line is
being in stocks is a good idea
especially in the age of AGI.
Tim York, hello from Lower Alabama. What
buying opportunities?
I'm just weighing in if I need to wait
for the 20% drop or should I add my
position before today's launch.
Which one? SpaceX. I know these are good
days for adding.
Um it depends which stock you're talking
about but I think SpaceX if you want to
put on a strategic position in SpaceX.
Well I think this thing goes down more
but we are getting into I mean right
down here I don't think you can make too
many mistakes buying SpaceX. Not a not a
recommendation do anything here but I
think here it's just you know this they
could announce Colossus and this thing
goes to 150 again the launch can go well
tomorrow will go well probably it goes
up whatever I don't know how much it
goes up so right now we are with basics
we are getting into a territory where
the upside starts being greater than the
downside even though I'm still staying
out I think we still have a little bit
more to job.
Um, Herman the German here.
Which milestones should be achieved
before end of the year with Tesla?
15,000 cyber caps and I'm happy
deployed.
Geode optimism list a decade away from
viable retail roll out. Decade away from
viable retail world. I'm not sure about
that. I think five years. If the
company's long-term survival is
contingent on that project, bankruptcy
seems a real possibility. Absolutely not
to you, Deck. I think you're wrong. I
think Roboaxi will give them so much
money, we don't even know what to do
with it. Uh, and Optimus has time. In
five years, they're going to make a lot
of money with Optimus.
Uh,
Tesla is at greater risk due to the low
profit margin. It's not that low, but
Google will be fine over time. Investors
are thinking that Tesla will never make
enough money for capital expansions, but
they have 40 billion on the balance
sheet. They're doing pretty well.
10-year rate climbed to over 4.7.
Exactly. Absolutely. This is extremely
bad. The 10-year Treasury bond over 4.7
is a is a catastrophe. If it goes over
five, we have a big problem. So, what
Trump is doing there is very bad. We
have many many problems
coming here. Nvidia
not doing well.
Tesla recovering here. $1 up. Let's
hope.
Uh Elon says playing safe. I think
unprepared for prog rollout. Well, yeah.
Iranians are watching this channel and
thinking how can we troll those guys?
Yes,
we definitely have some Iranian trolls
here. SpaceX is 1.4 trillion, but Tesla
is now at 1 trillion. We are getting
into the territory of murder of the 50%
premium for Tesla shareholders.
Yeah, just bought a couple of shares.
I'm out for of dry powder. I need nine
more shares for my goal. I have a
five-year plan. Nine shares is very
possible.
Micron doesn't sell cars, trucks,
batteries, etc. After Oracle runs out of
cash, there will be definitely a pause
on everything MU until the pickup.
I don't know. Oracle is not that
important.
Oracle is slightly overrated.
Oh.
Oh, we have an Iranian Iranian on the
call. Very good. Hi,
Sa Seang.
Um, no, I honestly don't think the
trolls are the Iranians here. I think
the trolls are I don't know where
they're from.
Um,
I don't know where we got the trolls
from.
I've been out of Tesla for a while, but
still so fun to watch. The stock is a
kite with a PE string being wound in.
That's a very good That is a very good
uh analogy. Oh, we have so many
comments. I have to scroll down more
because we have to wrap it up. We only
have five more minutes.
Wow.
Here. Iran man Joe Trump's Iran skirmish
is pushing up Tesla long-term value is
it and makes taking cyber caps cheaper
than personal vehicles. Hold Tesla for
now and watch. Oh, because of the oil.
Well, yeah. Joe, do you think Tesla is
going to hit 10,000 a year? I said it
before. I think three things need to
happen. Iran needs to wind down and be
peaceful. Um, the AI uncertainty has to
go down. I don't know if that can even
happen. And we need 15,000 cyber caps,
then yes, we can go to 1,000. But I
don't think that's going to happen.
Uh,
wait, what?
Where's the end of the comments? Bank
rates at 4.7 is good for robo taxi.
Well, it's a tough argument to say like
if the world implodes, it's good for
robot taxi because people won't have
money anymore and then they have to do
robo taxi. It's true, but it's a little
that's a little bit of a steep thesis.
That is the problem.
Uh let me see.
Okay. Anyway,
no way stock goes to 1,000. Well,
uh, what was it made you fall in love
with Tesla?
Buy the dip of Alphabet
only hyperscaler not caught holding the
Nvidia back.
What do you mean with Nvidia back?
Talking about the Nvidia back. Where are
we? How are we doing? Oh, Nvidia is down
so much today. Why is that? That makes
absolutely no sense. Micron holding up
well, of course, as expected. But
Nvidia, ooh, this cost me more money
than Tesla.
Alphabet still getting slaughtered.
Well,
SpaceX, I think SpaceX, I don't know. I
have the feeling SpaceX
is closing in on some sort of bottom
here. But don't don't listen to me with
SpaceX. Let's just see
what is the likelihood we achieve $500 a
share. Well, it's always the same
drivers here. We need to see robot taxi
deployment and then see what happens.
Uh no way stock goes to 1,000. No. Yeah.
Well, it's not likely. I wouldn't bet on
it this year.
Okay, guys, we have to wrap it up.
And uh yeah, let's see how this goes.
But today is definitely a tough day for
the market. 2.5% NASDAQ down. But I also
think by the way well the justification
for this crazy selloff is definitely on
the geo strategic risk
level that people just have concerns.
They have a lot of concerns and they're
trying to repric the market. That's the
only explanation here for the selloff uh
for the broader selloff.
And uh I think Micron is just up because
it's overwhelmingly good news after the
Tesla call and the Google call.
But Nvidia is a little bit of a sign.
Nvidia is the best indicator because
they should benefit from all these calls
and they're down. That means the market
just wants to derisk as much as they can
right now.
So I I hope this whole Iran situation
gets settled soon. But honestly, I'm not
too positive because I don't see what
these people are doing, the Trump
people. So let's hope for the best.
Thanks for tuning in. I hope that was
helpful.
Um, here we end with Patricia Turner.
Joe, your analysis is always
appreciated. Elon says that Robotex is
10% compounding and will soon start to
get huge. Let's see. I think that's
absolutely possible.
And uh, let's see what happens. Thank
you so much for tuning in and see you