Channel:     futureaza
Title:       Tesla’s 4680 Battery Wasn’t A Failure After All
URL:         https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Xnor8wdN1Ow
Published:   2026-08-29 12:00 UTC
Fetched:     2026-08-29 13:00 UTC

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

What we see up front after they
Teslas and stuff that that that's the
result in of years and years of
validation and testing. So, it's not
something that would really affect us on
the customer end. If it's something that
Tesla's going to do, it's something they
start working on years in [music]
advance. Something Something that's
significant where you're putting
a sodium ion chemistry into a 4680 can,
there's so many considerations you have
to take into account there.
&gt;&gt; Tesla had a pretty good idea coming up
with their own battery, the 4680. It's
going to change everything. It's going
to reduce costs. It's going to secure
our supply lines. It's going to have
amazing performance. But did it? Has it?
Is it a bust? Did we miss the boat? I
don't think it has, but I've got Jordan
Giesige from The Limiting Factor joining
me to add context that I wouldn't
necessarily be able to even find on my
own because this is what he does. It's
all about the batteries, baby. I'm
Brian. Welcome to Futuraza.
&gt;&gt; [singing]
[music]
&gt;&gt; Welcome back. Great to have you.
For those who don't know, Jordan
Giesige, The Limiting Factor, coming out
with videos every couple weeks.
And if you join him on Patreon or as a
channel member or any of those, you get
early access. You get to see him before
anybody else, which is half the reason I
support you on Patreon. The other half
being cuz I like you, man. And he's also
on the X Factor. He's not on the TV
show, but he's on X. So, that's helpful.
And I love that. Humanity's a project.
What's holding us back today? You know,
a variety of factors is is the honest
answer there.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, that they can get messy.
&gt;&gt; So, 4680, you had a recent video about
that. And I found it helpful and
insightful. And I wanted to ask a few
questions and push a few things on it.
Uh the first uh is and this is kind of
the thesis of it is these are the three
things that mattered, right?
&gt;&gt; Correct.
&gt;&gt; And you you put them in that order
because that is
the critical order.
&gt;&gt; Mhm.
&gt;&gt; So
Yeah, go ahead.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, so uh everybody tends to focus on
the performance first and put that ahead
out of everything else, but that's what
they used to drum up excitement about
the 4680 and get people excited about
the visions. Uh the vision of uh what um
you know, get people bought onto the
4680 project. But really fundamentally
it was about
uh addressing their strategic risks,
which is um
they don't have control of their supply
chain, which is why around Battery Day
they said so many times uh this is about
becoming the masters of our own destiny.
Uh because you you you can't build an
entire business around the 4680. Uh
you can't build um most of your business
around battery cells um with confidence
if other people own the supply chain and
are supplying your battery cells. So at
a ground level you need that as the
foundation of your business. Uh
and that's the primary reason why they
started the 4680 project.
&gt;&gt; So the first one on there is the
strategic risk. Uh battery prices were a
little bit on the high side back around
Battery Day. Lithium was through the
roof. The speculators had many thinking
we will never see affordable lithium
again. Uh they got a little out over
their skis and it doesn't look like
they've been playing much in that market
since. That made sense, so they've uh
started addressing those things. Uh when
we talk about those kinds of costs, the
strategic risks are many.
Uh the first is that China has
come forward as the global leader in
battery production. And I've seen videos
in the past where people say, "No, no,
no, no. That's why nobody wants to touch
it. Japan, Korea, they don't want to
touch EVs because China controls too
much. I go, "Yeah, but Panasonic's
Japanese and they were once the global
leader. Samsung is from Korea, LG is
from Korea. Those are two big battery
producers."
Uh so, I never bought into that theory.
But, what is the strategic risk? What
were they trying to de-risk by building
them domestically?
&gt;&gt; Okay, so there's if we look at the
battery supply chain, the
materials like the raw Let's Let's just
look at lithium, for example. That
generally comes from South America or
Australia. Then it bounces around the
world and spends a lot of time in China
being processed. And so,
if there was ever
say, hypothetically, if there was ever
some sort of trade issue
between the [laughter] United States and
China, that that could be used as
leverage. Not that that would ever
happen or has ever happened, but yeah,
so that that was the primary issue. But,
it's also, um
to the second point on cost, you look at
how many thousands of miles these
materials have to travel around the
world. Just simply moving that material
around that supply chain or like, for
instance, if the Suez Canal gets blocked
up and somebody, you know,
blocks it sideways with their boat,
[laughter]
then that introduces a risk just having
supply lines that long. You want to
short shorten the supply lines, and you
want to have as much ownership of them
as possible to give you confidence in
your business and reduce costs.
&gt;&gt; I don't think that would ever grand Oh,
wait. No, that did happen. It was the
Evergrande, wasn't it? Uh and that was a
What a weird
chapter in logistics. There are
people don't realize how many times a
an atom can move between countries
before it reaches its finished product.
Even in car manufacturing in the US,
there'll be times when metal is sent to
Mexico or is sent to Mexico, the metal
is sent back. Uh a spring is sent to
Mexico for an assembly, the assembly
comes back, and I mean, it it can move
six times before it it before the
product is finished. So, there's a lot
of de-risking that can go on with that.
Um and the other one is cutting out the
middleman cuz there's a lot of a lot of
middlemen when you're talking about
refining, when you're talking about all
of the different cathodes, anodes,
electrolytes. When you're talking about
it, and you put a yellow check on that.
Um
how much cost reduction
have we seen? And I know, guys, if you
want the full full answer, there's a
beautiful chart that he has in the video
that
that shows it. That looks more like
that. Uh but
uh the the high level has the cost
reduction been effective?
&gt;&gt; Yes.
But the issue is they don't just aren't
producing enough of those battery cells
yet where you really see an impact on
the bottom line across the company. Cuz
only what is it like maybe 1% of their
vehicles are actually using the 4680
that they're producing already. But I
would say maybe it's like 10% that
they're saving at the moment. That's
just a stab in the dark. But it's been
at least a couple of years now already
where they were able to purchase these
4680 battery cells for cheaper
than they could buy a comparable battery
cell from anybody else.
&gt;&gt; And you mean per watt-hour, not per
cell.
&gt;&gt; Yes.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. In terms of because this a
Cybertruck has fewer batteries than your
Model 3. How is that possible? They're
bigger batteries. Oh, okay.
Uh so, that's and then on performance
we didn't quite hit the
the lofty targets. How far short did we
fall? They're still very good batteries.
Uh how far short did we fall?
&gt;&gt; Yeah, so one reason I like that was
probably my favorite image from the
video because what that illustrates is
that they're attacking the top
priorities first. So, the strategic risk
they've they've ticked those off and
they've
it's not 100% there, but they've mostly
addressed the strategic risk. The cost
they're maybe I don't know, 25% of the
way there. I'd like to think they can
reduce the cost by at least 40%. Um and
for performance
it's pretty much the same as any other
cell that's on the market at the moment.
&gt;&gt; In terms of high nickel cells.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, in terms of high nickel cells.
It's comparable energy density and
comparable charging speeds. Now, of
course, people will bring up that
there's other cars that can charge
faster, but that's not necessarily due
to a fundamental characteristic of the
battery cell and it can be how hard
they're running that battery cell in the
vehicle cuz you can charge
a 4680 battery cell harder, but you're
going to reduce the life.
&gt;&gt; Yes. Yes. Yes.
And that's what we've seen with
I mean, I hate to keep pointing it out,
but Lucid. They built race cars. They
built very good electric race cars and
then they took the racing philosophy and
put it in a consumer product. And the
problem is when you do that, I mean, I
can overclock my PC. It's just not going
to be as reliable. And
that's kind of what they've done. If you
want me to shave grams off your electric
motor, I'm just going to grab a a file
and start pulling atoms off the the
casing. It'll it probably won't fail.
There's a limit to that. There's a
balancing act. And as great as some of
those high performance vehicles are,
boy, do you pay for it in the end?
So, that's, you know, a little bit
frustrating. Um
One of the things you pointed out in
your video that I thought was very
accurate is, "Look, we're going to make
these.
We can still buy the other ones. We will
still continue buying the others. We
will buy LFP in Shanghai for those
vehicles. For a time we had LFP cars in
the US Model 3s. The standard range
Model 3 was an LFP car for about a year,
I think.
Uh but
if there's if something truly amazing
comes along, we can always get it. You
mentioned in your video you went into
great depth on solid state, on sodium,
and we can touch on those, but your
conclusions are ones that I agreed with.
Flash charging is the new hotness in
China. And I do mean hot because
a megawatt megawatt and a half, you're
going to generate some temperatures.
Those batteries do not appear slated for
serious export just yet, and definitely
not to the US. Is it still true that
Tesla can get the best batteries if they
exist somewhere?
&gt;&gt; Yeah, there's and they already do this.
They have
multiple suppliers, and they work with
those suppliers to get the the battery
cells they need.
But
Teslas, they place more priority on the
scale of the battery supply that those
suppliers can provide, and the longevity
more than they do on
charging speed. And that first one
matters a lot because Tesla has some of
the most popular vehicle models in the
world. If you have a really fragmented
market like China, where you're not
producing very many of each vehicle
type, you can act you know, you can get
low volume supplies of batteries
relatively easily to make to make that
product work. Whereas for Tesla's
product line, it's more difficult cuz
it's like, all right, we're going to
have to use a different type of battery
cell or different type of battery pack
for this specific trim, et cetera. It
complicates their supply chain.
&gt;&gt; Right. I would agree that they don't
want to buy from everyone. They will buy
from anyone, but if I'm going to buy
this, I want to buy kajillions of them
cuz I have to support it.
And
of the top battery manufacturers in the
world, I think we know they bought from
BYD, LG, Panasonic.
Uh
&gt;&gt; They bought from Samsung at one point,
too, for that like uh yeah, that was
years ago, but um yeah, there's been a
couple others in there. And there's a
new one, too. What is it? Uh in China,
they're going to buy the battery cells
and they're going to assemble the pack
themselves rather than buying a
ready-made pack.
&gt;&gt; Maybe uh Gotion or SK?
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Yeah, I think that's right. I
think it's Gotion. Yeah, I think that's
right.
&gt;&gt; Um since 2023, Gotion has increased
their market share from like 3.7 to like
6.4 or something like that. They're
growing. And that represents a lot of
growth because in the last 3 years, the
market has grown significantly.
Uh so
And Gotion also is going to be doing the
battery for the slate pickup, which is
great.
&gt;&gt; Uh so that's uh exciting. I think the
bigger reason they don't want flash
charging batteries is because
I think everyone would demand them.
I think everyone would say, "No, no,
that's the only battery I want." And
that would uh diminish the
uh marketability of all the others.
I I think
I think we're not doing enough to
address people who do not have access to
home charging.
&gt;&gt; Hm.
&gt;&gt; When I explained that recently, I had a
viewer say, "No, no, they don't need
level two. They can just plug into their
wall socket." I'm like,
"No, no, not them. Not them. I mean
people who
park on the street. I mean people who
are in apartments or dorms. Um there are
people who would love to put their
college kid in a Tesla who can't because
there's just the charging would be
uh problematic. Uh so
I don't know. I think there's a lot of
and I think flash charging solves that.
But
&gt;&gt; And I think it will. Um there will be
more of that. I think we will see
increases in the charge rate of Tesla
batteries. Coming back to your point a
few minutes ago on the performance. Um
these this is only Tesla's officially
second generation battery cell and it's
on par
roughly with everything else uh with
other high nickel battery cells on the
market. High volume nickel battery cells
on the market. But what happens when
they get to version three?
&gt;&gt; Right.
&gt;&gt; I think it's going to be um up there
with the best of them in terms of both
energy density and charging speed
and um cost.
&gt;&gt; cost. Yeah.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. On the cost, uh how much of your
estimate is including the manufacturing
uh the cell and pack
subsidy?
&gt;&gt; Is there's Is there still a
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; Oh, there is, isn't there? I forgot I
haven't thought about that for so long,
but yeah. I I I didn't even factor that
in. That's a really good [laughter]
point.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, that's it's been so long since I
thought about that.
&gt;&gt; New video coming from Jordan.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Yeah. So I just my base I think
what I came to in the video was that uh
the key point was that
um a lot of people are saying, "Well,
battery cells have come down so much in
cost in the few years. Does it
Does Is that durable? Those estimates
that Tesla gave at Battery Day?" And the
answer is yes, of course they're durable
because they're a fundamental
improvement to the manufacturing system.
I think I estimated something like 2/3
of that 56%
uh was durable just because they've
fundamentally improved the way that they
manufacture the battery cell. And a lot
of the reason why the cost of battery
cells have got has gotten cheaper over
the years is due to uh cheaper material
costs and just Wright's Law scaling
effects and people are using more LFP
batteries rather than high nickel
batteries. So, that's a accounts for a
big portion of the cost decrease. So,
yeah.
&gt;&gt; And that really lightens the There was a
time when people were saying, "There's
not enough cobalt to go around." Great.
How about most of the world's cars don't
use it?
I mean, that that's a that's a pretty
good work around, I think. When it comes
to um
other chemistries,
one thing you've been saying, and I've
said it as well, is that sodium, despite
its fantastic uh gravimetric energy
density, it's on par with LFP, its
volumetric density makes it a bit
untenable. Um it is 30% less juice for
the same for the same sort of uh output.
Let me see if I've got this slide handy.
I do.
If you look at this, world's first
sodium-ion electric mining truck
delivered with a 676 kWh battery
capacity. Well, because of the shape of
it, you've got this huge volume of of
space underneath that, and that goes all
the way across. That is huge.
&gt;&gt; Well, and it looks like under the dump
truck bed, if you look at the back wall.
&gt;&gt; [laughter]
&gt;&gt; That's a lot of batteries.
&gt;&gt; That That is a
That is a tremendous amount of
batteries, but they have the space.
And I've seen people say, "Well, you
know, Tesla could just double stack
them." Yeah, just just Oh my gosh. No,
that's not that's not a reasonable
solution.
Uh
but hear me out, what if they
sold them in Canada,
where the cold weather performance would
be an advantage? That's not as crazy.
I just think that losing 30% of your
range right off the top
would be comparable to just losing it to
the temperature anyway, right?
&gt;&gt; Yeah, there's a there's a trade-off
there. So, and I I'm a my guess is and I
think Tesla and all these other
automakers are smart enough to realize
that the trade-off that most people are
going to go for is
a higher energy density larger battery
pack, which is why CATL themselves even
said that if you have a vehicle that's
of 30 over 35,000, you're cheating your
customers if you give them anything but
a nickel-based battery pack. And this is
the company with that their meat and
potatoes is LFP.
Um
&gt;&gt; Yeah. And the reality is and of course
we hear people say, well,
I want, you know, I don't care if it has
300 miles of range. You will.
You will.
Um and I also hear people say, well, I
want 600, 700 miles of range.
It used to be three or 400 and then they
had to move the goal posts. Perhaps put
those goal posts on electric uh
drivetrain. You'll be able to move them
more easily. There are four and 500 mile
cars already. Nobody buys them. They're
too expensive.
I did have someone say that the YL, what
a missed opportunity. They should have
put a 100, 105 kWh pack in it so it have
insane range. I said, yeah, but that's a
different car.
It's adding
500 lbs of added weight. So, now you've
got to redo all your suspension, your
wheels, your tires. You're back into
that uh doom spiral that makes the car
all of a sudden 30, 40,000 dollars more.
If you want that car, it already exists.
There's Kia's got a nice comfy
seven-seater, six-seven seater with a
third row. Just go get that. Well, I
don't want that. Yeah, I know. I know.
So, buy the one you want. I I don't know
how else to explain it. Um I do have
another big question coming up about
Tesla getting into other chemistries,
LFP and sodium. But first I wanted to
mention it may look like Jordan and I
have an upcoming album, but we don't.
It's just a reminder to subscribe. You
can subscribe. It's free, it's fun, and
it helps. And people have asked, "Why do
you say this, Brian? I'm already
subscribed." I'm talking to the other
people. When I don't say it, I get three
subscribers. When I do say it, I get 20
to 50.
Got to get to 100,000, man. Got to. So,
on the In your video, you said, "Well,
it when sodium makes sense, they'll make
sodium.
When
uh LFP makes sense, they'll just make
LFP. You can put LFP in a in a 4680. You
can put sodium in a 4680. But, is that
one of those just that makes it sound a
lot easier than it is? Because there's a
lot of chemistry considerations that go
into it. Uh having the right chemistry
is the whole thing. And China no longer
allows the export of the equipment to
make cutting-edge LFP. You can get
previous gen, but not the new stuff.
How big of a challenge is it to
introduce a whole new chemistry?
&gt;&gt; It takes them years. I mean, what we see
up front after they uh Teslas and stuff,
that that that's the result in of years
and years of validation and testing. So,
it's not something that would really
affect us on the customer end. If it's
something that Tesla's going to do, uh
it's something they start working on
years in advance. Something Something
that significant where you're putting a
sodium ion chemistry into a 4680 can,
there's so many considerations you have
to take into account there. So.
&gt;&gt; So, I did have a bonus question for you.
I saw an article saying the Salton Sea
is they pump up all this water, and then
they just
do whatever with it, and then they pump
it back down. It's full of lithium. Why
aren't we using it? And I thought,
"That's the wrong kind of lithium,
right? I mean, it would And I researched
it to the best of my ability, which is
to say I need your help, and found that
yeah, there would be additional steps in
the refining, in the purification, to
get it into the form you need to have it
in. You could do it, it's just not
cost-effective. And even though there is
manganese and other valuable minerals in
that brine, it's not cost-effective
today. Am I on the right track here?
&gt;&gt; Yeah, I'm just I have to search through
my memory banks cuz I I covered that in
my lithium video three or four years ago
now. I did that mess with it, and yeah,
you're dealing with
ultra-high temperature saltwater, which
is very corrosive and contains a lot of
contaminants. So, it's going to mess up
your equipment that you use to extract
it, and it's also a real bear to extract
the lithium out efficiently. Cuz you're
kind of searching for a needle in a
haystack when you extract that lithium
cuz it's it's something like 1%, less
than 1%,
um
prob- probably even less than that for a
brine. I think it's a lot less than that
for a brine. But, there's it's mostly
crud and crap
&gt;&gt; [laughter]
&gt;&gt; in that water, and you have just
to grab that little those little
grab those little molecules of lithium.
So, it's just not cost-effective.
&gt;&gt; You couldn't just evaporate it out cuz
then what you'd have is dried garbage.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, there's they can do that in South
America. People assume that all of these
deposits are uniform.
But, even if let's say even if you're
mining lithium, every dump truck load of
lithium they extract is going to be a
different ratio of lithium to the
rest of the material. So, you have to
constantly adjust your your process. So,
so even within the same site, there's
variability. Imagine how much
variability there is across sites and
areas with completely different geology.
So, the South American brines are very
different from the Salton Sea brine,
from memory.
&gt;&gt; I'm a brine. Guys, what did we miss?
What did we misunderstand? Leave it in
the them below. Head over Jordan's
channel, find out what he's up to.
Everyone else, stay tuned, stay juicy,
and I cannot wait to hear from you
clever robots on the flippity flop.