Channel:     futureaza
Title:       Tesla's FSD Is Already Changing Lives
URL:         https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=id8DHGxpDNY
Published:   2026-08-02 18:00 UTC
Fetched:     2026-08-02 19:00 UTC

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

That suggests to me you may not have
seen the other version of this that I
sometimes show, which is uh this one.
That's what you look like if you have to
drive yourself. So guys, I'm just
telling you, you're saving [music]
yourself is what you're doing. My car
was a safer and better driver with full
self-driving driving than it would have
been with me driving. There will come a
day that I will not be comfortable
driving under certain circumstances,
especially at night, things like that.
And this is going to allow that window
of my own mobility to continue. So
Tesla has long promised that FSD will
change lives. But a lot of us made the
mistake of assuming that meant only
unsupervised FSD could change our lives
while forgetting that supervised FSD
already is. For many of us, we use it
[music] 90, 97, 98, or even 100% of the
time. We've seen [music] road trips
coast to coast done over and over. Uh
but that isn't the whole story. There's
a lot more to it and I'm going to get
into that today with Dr. Know-it-all who
has graciously agreed to appear uh for a
limited engagement so far. It's been
every week and I'm delighted about that.
Uh I'm Brian. Welcome to Future Ozai.
[singing and music]
So, John, uh, I don't know if you know
this about yourself, but you have a
channel on YouTube. Is that correct?
&gt;&gt; Oh my goodness.
&gt;&gt; When did that happen? They let So, they
let just just anybody on there, huh?
&gt;&gt; 97,600
subscribers, guys. Let's get him to 100.
Everything gets easier when you get
there. And we're going to perform a
rigorous experiment when he does. He's
going to measure the before and after
and see if it's actually true.
&gt;&gt; You can also follow him on X where he
has
&gt;&gt; 69,6
I'm very disappointed we did not catch
the 420. It went right past me. So,
&gt;&gt; right past you. Very disapp John. I am I
am disappointed in you.
&gt;&gt; But uh you know that's that's to be
expected. Hey uh so let's look at this
Detroit news. Not. You don't always get
Tesla friendly news out of Detroit. This
is a nice exception of that. Forget ride
share. How seniors are using Teslas for
transportation. Tesla's expanding its
ride share service to include Florida,
Texas, and California as it competes
with Whimo, Zuks, and other autonomous
ride share services. But consumers are
already buying retail Teslas to
self-drive them in cities across the US.
senior citizens. Most notably, one such
example is uh Dick Ammer at 78, a
retired General Motors engineer and
notable Mr. Magcoo cosplayer who drives
his Model Y and three on FSD 98% of the
time. John, the article doesn't say that
part, but [laughter]
I mean I think so.
&gt;&gt; I don't want Mr. Mcoo driving.
&gt;&gt; So, I'm very happy that FSD is driving
90% of the time for him. So, there we
go. I tease you, good sir. I do that. It
is meant in in justest. I I'm just
impressed that a GM engineer is not
using Super Cruise,
&gt;&gt; but Tesla, and I can see why. Super
Cruise is a fantastic highway driver
assistance system.
&gt;&gt; It is not FSD.
&gt;&gt; So, we will dig into that. Uh, did you
want to say something real quick?
&gt;&gt; No, no, no. First of all, thank you for
having me on. Second of all, I think
that uh um this is something that I have
thought about. First of all, I was
thinking about it a while ago with my my
parents because they were of an age
where I was like, you know, I don't know
that you should be driving anymore.
Unfortunately, they have passed. Beyond
that age, um my father beyond this
mortal coil and my mother is just not in
a memory condition to do this. But but
now as I grow older, I think about this
for myself. Um, you know, I I'm still
doing okay, but I think there will there
will come a day that I will not be
comfortable driving under certain
circumstances, especially at night,
things like that. And this is going to
allow that window of my own mobility to
continue. So, I look at these not as
kind of abstract ideas of like, oh yeah,
that's great for those people. I'm like,
oo, this is actually going to have an
effect on me someday. And and I think
fortunately given the pace of progress,
it will be very much able to drive
itself long before I need it. You know,
fingers crossed it better be. So yeah.
Right. I've had an opportunity to speak
with a number of viewers, probably four
or five now, who said that before FSD,
&gt;&gt; they had stopped driving at night.
&gt;&gt; Night. It's not that they're definitely
unsafe. It's that the amount of stress
and worry that it imposes, the amount of
extra attention.
&gt;&gt; If something requires attention, they
can give the attention, but they can't
do it for 40 minutes straight or an hour
straight, that means if your family
lives nearby and it's Thanksgiving,
&gt;&gt; do you go [clears throat]
&gt;&gt; uh are you going to drive a half hour in
the dark
&gt;&gt; both ways in Washington? It gets real
dark in those in the winter here. We get
less than eight hours at the solstice in
Seattle. That's not enough daylight.
When you especially when you add the
overcast weather, the mountains and the
trees dark down, all the good stuff.
Yeah,
&gt;&gt; it's miserable. Uh that's why we drink
so much coffee to offset the seasonal
effect of disorder or as we call it the
seasonal effect of reality. So it is it
is just our status. It's our default. So
these are people I'm already meeting.
But let's talk again about ourselves.
&gt;&gt; When I book flights, this may not
surprise you to know they're often
substantially cheaper if you are in the
dark. When I come home, if I'm tired, do
I really want to drive an hour home
after a 36-hour [snorts] flight?
&gt;&gt; Uh because I'll tell you, my attention
is going to be strained at point. But if
I can give you a yesterday thing for me,
I had that experience coming back from
Spain to a two segment flight. It
started at
&gt;&gt; on east coast time. It started at 9:30
at night on the east coast. I got in at
4:30 in the afternoon. So I don't know
how many hours that is, but 18 something
like that hours of travel. And the last
hour and a half of that was driving in
busy Atlanta traffic back to my house.
And I exited the parking garage, pushed
the button, andoo,
you know, I was like, "Thank goodness."
Because
&gt;&gt; I the only thing I had to do was not
fall asleep. And that was actually hard
enough on its own right to not fall
asleep. And thinking about driving and
let's let's also uh
&gt;&gt; extend this just a little bit. This is
talking about allowing people who are
otherwise not as, you know, because
they're older, not as good at drivers.
and in my case because I was tired to
drive more confidently. But the al the
alternative point of view is for every
single person who was around me the
whole drive yesterday, it was good for
them too because I was drive my car was
a safer and better driver with full
self-driving driving than it would have
been with me driving guaranteed under
those circumstances.
&gt;&gt; Yes,
I am confident of that. I I think if
those other drivers knew how safe you
were being, they would look like this,
but they wouldn't. [laughter]
&gt;&gt; I mean, you got cats, you got baby
robots. You have to subscribe.
&gt;&gt; What's not to like? What's not to like?
Oh, that suggests to me you may not have
seen the other version of this that I
sometimes show, which is uh this one.
That's what you look like if you have to
drive yourself. So, guys, I'm just
telling you, you're you're saving
yourself is what you're doing. Uh, I'll
tell you what it means to us a son to
see his mother's world now expanding
when before, much like other older
people, it was shrinking and becoming
smaller, said the son of Tesla customer
Lois in a Tesla ad. I see her driving
across San Diego County to visit her
daughters, to visit her grandkids, and
it makes me so happy to know that she
has this freedom now. She's been driving
for 75 years. I find that I'm able to
just do it. I don't have to wait for
someone, and it's been a wonderful
experience. And again, these are people
who know how to drive, are able to
drive, but may not have um
the mental stamina to endure San Diego
traffic.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. It's no joke.
&gt;&gt; You're not driving on some two-lane road
out in the middle of nowhere. This is
like for real traffic.
&gt;&gt; Yes. I went I did
[snorts] 20 hours each way to Los
Angeles last week. Uh I was in Los
Angeles for eight hours before turning
around and coming back. I did that
because I was invited to a Tesla event.
It was the one-y year anniversary of the
diner and I wanted to be there.
&gt;&gt; And
&gt;&gt; so, let me ask you this question. If
full self-driving did not exist, would
you have done this?
&gt;&gt; Never. Exactly.
&gt;&gt; Forget it. Exactly.
&gt;&gt; Forget it. I I did maybe two Tesla
related road trips in the Nissan and
that was a might have been three, but it
was just because you'd go I I drove
straight through to San Francisco once
in the Nissan. It was 12 hours and when
I got there I was fried, John.
&gt;&gt; I couldn't I couldn't decide what I
wanted to order.
&gt;&gt; You're like nonfunctional at that point.
Yeah, you are you are a hazard. And
that's why I did not do another one like
that because that's crazy. The first
time I did a Tesla road trip to San
Francisco, I said I will drive until I
am exhausted and then I will get a hotel
and I didn't get a hotel. I drove
straight through because I started early
in the morning and I got there at like
9:00 at night.
&gt;&gt; It's like great.
&gt;&gt; So that's a big thing. uh these are
people who can have their lives back.
What happens when it becomes
unsupervised?
Well, then all of a sudden you've also
got the kids uh you know, for better or
for worse these days, at least in the
US, most kids do not live walkable
distance away from the library. Not that
anybody goes there anymore. The mall,
the grocery store, the local hangouts,
whatever that and that means they're
required to ask their parents to go
everywhere, which you know ultimately
that's time you get to spend with your
kids and that's a choice. But there are
many times as a busy parent where you're
like, I can't take you and that becomes
a serious problem. Well, in the future
it's going to be like, oh, just catch
the cab. It'll come by the door and pick
you up and take you to where you got to
go. Soccer practice, whatever it is.
Yeah.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. And for that matter, uh, yeah, you
can pick the kids up at the mall, you
can drop them off at the mall. I don't
know if malls are still a thing. Uh, my
town has a mall. It has been struggling,
but only since it opened 30 years ago
because our town is not
&gt;&gt; It's a little one. It's never really hit
critical mass.
&gt;&gt; There's uh Yeah. And it's but now we
could extend that to doctor's
appointments for people who've lost
their vision or who uh for whatever
reason. To me a big one is people who
have had a seizure typically lose their
license for a year or two. They are
safe. They are safe. They are the odds
of them having an episode are extremely
low. Sometimes often it doesn't happen.
It's a safety precaution because you are
operating a two-tonon uh land missile
that can absolutely
&gt;&gt; destroy anything it hits. Uh that fear
can go away. Uh so I guess the whole
point of this is you know is it's here.
We don't have to get all the way to
unsupervised to see the benefits to to
give people back a little bit of their
lives. I think the important part is
what you said. It's not a binary thing.
Way too many people are like, "Well,
when is it going to be 100% uh
unsupervised and stuff?" It's like it
doesn't have to be. Let's say it will
drive you 98% of the time. That 2% is
usually going to be in the parking lot
or something. And you know, god forbid
you get in an accident then, but if you
do, it's probably going to be like bonk.
You hit somebody's fender and like that
sucks. But it's not going to be
life-threatening. But for the bulk of a
drive and getting to be more and more
and more of that drive, the car handles
it itself. And so we have a lot a lot of
baby boomers out on the road and they
are getting older and the they're for
whatever for better or for worse the
drivers licensing system in the US is
very very um what would you say very
kind to people who perhaps should not be
driving anymore. Um, there's a there's a
real hesitance. You know, it's like if
you're 16 and you want a license, you're
getting the test and stuff. The older
you get, they they're kind of like, "Oh,
you probably shouldn't, but we'll still
give you one more time." That's another
five years or 10 years, depending on
where you live. And, [laughter] you
know, after those five or 10 years, you
probably shouldn't be on the road
anymore. And yet, people will be.
&gt;&gt; Yes. I've been at a DMV when someone
lost their license. It was a very sad
time. and and no one wants to be the
bearer of news quite that bad. But I
don't think the people with him were
surprised. They were just frustrated.
They were sad is what they were.
&gt;&gt; Um we look at this part. Mroy took the
keys away from his father a few years
ago. Now he would be comfortable if he
used
&gt;&gt; by the way is a very famous um
commentator on all things automotive. So
very very cool. Yeah. Very cool that he
got him in this article. I thought that
was really cool. I also think it's
really cool, I didn't mention this at
the beginning, that this is the Detroit
news. I think it's there's a little bit
of a tad little bit of irony in the fact
that uh you know, we're we're in a
&gt;&gt; the land of GM and Ford etc. and and
talking about how amazing Teslas are.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Yeah. It's and that's the thing is
uh Herbert pointed out on a show on his
channel that uh Mroy is Michigan and the
reality is yes he is funded he is
sponsored by you know Goodyear or
Michelin or whoever and a number of
parts and logistics companies and
sometimes also the manufacturers
&gt;&gt; but he's Detroit through and through. uh
for him to believe as strongly as he
does in FSD is is really something.
Tesla claims and I believe him at the
current level it's safer than human
driving and I will agree with you. I
believe of course safer still is FSD
plus me. Uh but I had two streaks of
over 500 miles on the road trip.
[clears throat] I had additional streak
of 250 and a and a couple at at 100. You
do the math. That's most of the trip was
inside of streaks that were longer than
that.
&gt;&gt; So, it it was I managed to bump up from
97 to 98% FSD. Uh, and the reason I'm
not at 100 is because it's those last 10
feet, man. I gotta I gotta get to my
charger. I got it. Now, if you want to
game the streak, so you folks know,
there is a way to game it. Let it park
in the wrong spot.
&gt;&gt; It's all the way to park. Then you can
take over. Park it where you want and
your streak remains. It's only a
disengagement that counts, not the times
in between when you're not using it. So,
you can't
&gt;&gt; I also discovered in a very heavy
rainstorm that if it disengages itself,
if you get the red wheel um and you take
over and then re-engage it, the streak
continues, which is really interesting.
So, it's only if you disengage, uh, not
if the vehicle itself disengages. Yeah,
that was uh that was unique.
&gt;&gt; It was It was a crazy brainstorm. I
mean, I couldn't see. I didn't want to
drive and then the car said, "I don't
either." So, so we we pulled over for a
minute. So, [laughter] yeah.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, that's that's valuable
information. I didn't know that. I've
seen people argue that the streak is
gifying a lack of safety, and I
disagree. The engineers know what
they're doing. They wouldn't gify unsafe
behavior, which is evidenced by them not
punishing you for u taking over when the
car agrees that you should that you're
in charge.
&gt;&gt; It's like h at that point I don't think
I want to be in charge anymore. But
yeah, but yeah, I at the at the
beginning I was concerned about that.
But the more I drive it, I just don't
personally get that involved. If I have
to disengage, I'm like, I want to go
find this parking place. I don't want to
wait another two minutes for it to drive
around, you know? So, it's mostly
impatience that I disengage for and but
it's still I think it actually uh
promotes good behavior in a sense
because full self-driving is so safe
that it's actually good that you're
doing most of your driving using FSD.
&gt;&gt; Yes, I I agree on all points. So guys,
in the comments, what did we miss? What
do we misunderstand? Leave it. Leave it.
It is mandatory. I should have mentioned
earlier comments today. We're going to
see if this helps. Mandatory. Uh,
everyone else, uh, like, subscribe, head
over to Dr. Knowitall's channel where
he's got some pretty fascinating stuff,
uh, including, and I can't believe I'm
saying this, stuff that I know, right?
How did he trick me into that? Uh,
everyone else, you know, stay tuned,
stay juicy, and I cannot wait to hear
from you clever robots on the flippity
flop.