Channel:     munrolive
Title:       Inside the Inspire RH56DFQ Robotic Hand | Complete Teardown
URL:         https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nhOiGu9qqzY
Published:   2026-07-28 14:58 UTC
Fetched:     2026-07-28 16:00 UTC

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Hello and welcome to Monroe Live. I'm
Mike Kasein. I'm here with Paul.
&gt;&gt; I'm Paul Turbo.
&gt;&gt; And today we are going to talk about the
Inspire Robotics RH56 DFQ Dexrous hands.
It's one of the cheapest hands, Dexrous
hands you can get. And of course has
Monroe style. We tear it apart.
&gt;&gt; Yep. Yep. See anything? It looks like it
has great engineering and we want to see
what's inside and how it works.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. So, the Dexter's hand that we have
is has basically six degrees of uh
freedom and what that means is every
degree of movement is is a degree of
freedom. So, this hand has six of them.
Four fingers, one thumb and then a wrist
that also moves. Those six degrees of
freedom is operated by six actuators
that control that hand. And uh the hand
also is has a about a half a Newton of
resolution. So, it aims a six degrees of
movement. Basically, this hand, if you
look at my hand, um, it can move, of
course, this way. It cannot do this
because it's all linked together. But it
can touch this thumb, this thumb. It
won't be able to touch this thumb. It
doesn't have that degree of movement to
get that far. There are hands out in the
market that will do all of that. It also
can't do movement like this. How this
works is there's an actuator. It's like
a plunger, and that plunger will push up
onto the finger, cause it to curl. These
are connected. So, the fingers curl on
one movement. It is not connected.
So I can move it here. This actuator is
not connected. It just pushes. There's a
spring as you see in this one right here
that brings that finger back when the
actuator goes away.
&gt;&gt; So the it actuates unlike our hand which
has a tendon which pulls things. This
one has a push rod,
a linear actuator that pushes on the
back side in order to collapse the
finger. And it collapses both
uh joints so that it can't do just one
joint. It has to do both together.
&gt;&gt; Yep. It's pretty limited. I mean, I push
on it. You can see it's just moving. I
can't move this one independently. I can
only move
&gt;&gt; up and down. There is also no sensors up
in the fingertips. There is a pressure
sensor at the bottom of this uh
actuator. And what that does is when you
forces force on that finger, it detects
that pressure sensor detects that
movement or that pressure to tell how
much force is pushing down on whatever
object is claiming. So, it's a pretty
simply designed uh finger or hand. Uh no
motors up in the finger, no wires. It's
just all driven by the actuators into
the body.
&gt;&gt; So, that keeps it relatively
lightweight. And there are a lot of
things you can do with a hand that can
just grab and grip things and things
that can do this or that and and grab um
all together. So there's a lot of you I
know activities that this type of hand
could do it. The thumb can has two
actuators. So it can go in this
direction and in this direction
&gt;&gt; it goes like this and the landing
closes. And so and all of the actuators
are similar kind of design
&gt;&gt; and this is controlled by one uh SD
micro processor that is a motor
controller processor that's in the in
the palm I think it's actually right
here we can show this one little chip
basically controls the six actuators but
there is a circuit in the actuator that
does so this basically sends the command
to the motor as to what it has to do
&gt;&gt; and then we'll talk about more on the
actuator
&gt;&gt; and so it will send a command and The
command can be um apply a certain amount
of force or it can be um go to a certain
position because it has both a position
sensor in each actuator and the force
sensor in each actuator. So you can go
to a position or go to a certain force
um apply a certain force.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. So the circuit boards are pretty
simple. I mean you got the the driver
and you got a power uh with the
communication ports on there. That's all
there is inside. Uh, so it is a pretty
simple design, pretty I would say
economically made design,
at least for the electronics portions.
So I think as far as it being a more
inexpensive hand, it kind of fits that
profile when we when we tore it apart.
Um, the actuators are pretty similar
except for this was the the wrist one,
right? This is the one.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. So obvious there isn't room for
this long actuator for the wrist. And so
they they just took the motor and the
gearbox and they put them side by side.
So motor and gearbox here so that to get
a different form factor for the
actuator, but they essentially do the
same type of actuation.
&gt;&gt; And that's here for this movement.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; Right. Okay.
&gt;&gt; All right. Um, and it has kind of like a
a chassis, the the um the bone structure
for the back of the hand is all this
machined aluminum uh structure to and
that gives it something for the actuator
to push against that's going to be rigid
enough to
handle the forces.
&gt;&gt; And I think this one has a cutaway so
you can actually see
&gt;&gt; Yeah, you can see the spring
&gt;&gt; spring in there and how that works
&gt;&gt; inside. So when this fun this this uh
actuator pushes on it of course let go
of the spring moves the arm back.
&gt;&gt; So when you calibrate something like
this you have to you calibrate the
amount of force and then you subtract
out the spring force. So zero would be
what it takes to move the spring alone
and then the 10 Newton meters new sorry
10 newtons of force is something on top
of after overcoming the spring.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. And the pressure sensor is
actually on the back of the actuator. So
this is the pressure sensor down here.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. A little different than most
companies are doing it. This is a pretty
slick way of uh getting that pressure
sensing because if you if there's
pressure at the tip of your finger that
that moves all down all the way and is
translated right back to the base of the
actuator to sense what that pressure is.
&gt;&gt; The one problem is if I have it
disconnected like this though I have no
more sensing up here because I have
disconnected it from the actuator and
now it won't detect anything.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. So, it can't really it it can't
tell how much force is being applied to
raise the finger back up. Only the force
for closing the the hand.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. So, this gets stuck as it goes
back there. It wouldn't know that. It's
has no idea.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; I thought it was an interesting design.
I I'm just surprised that there was no
when I first looked at this, I thought
there was a sensor in the finger. When
we saw the software, find out there's
nothing. It's just all mechanical. So, I
thought it was very interesting. And
they use just a little bit of rubber on
top of the plastic housing to give it a
little bit of grip.
&gt;&gt; Has to be a palm.
&gt;&gt; So,
let's talk about actuators.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Uh these actuators are just
amazing. They're they're called micro
linear actuators.
you know, they're
relatively small
for uh you know,
being able to deliver that much force.
So, you got a motor in here and a gear
box and then a uh
uh power screw mechanism or a lead screw
is what it's called uh to push out. And
I'm going to show you what's going on
inside this. So just question difference
between this one and this one. They're
really the same. It's just
&gt;&gt; they're really essentially the same
where the the in this one the motor is
on this side and then there's a little
different gear box to
uh be able to actuate the lead screw.
But essentially it's the same lead
screw, same motor, but a little
different gearbox to move so that it's
not all in in line. In this one it's all
in line. In this one it's side by side.
&gt;&gt; That was the only difference. rest of
these are pretty much the same.
&gt;&gt; Yep.
&gt;&gt; Okay.
&gt;&gt; All right. It all starts with power
coming in to the connector. So the the
circuit board the controller sends a
command to we need to actuate to a force
or or position and so it will send power
to the motor. And then the motor inside
each one of these uh actuators is a
little motor controller. And the scale
of this, you know, my finger next to it
is really tiny.
So you have a motor controller and
it it takes that command and it
translates it into a current command.
How much current do I need to get that
much force? and it will command the
motor. So then that will send current
down the wire and the current will go to
a brush holder. And I'm going to try to
slide this over. So we get the brush
holder. This is a regular brush DC
motor.
I shouldn't say regular. It's a uh it's
a brush DC motor, but um it's what it's
a so-called cordless
brush DC motor. So it starts with the
brushes. You have two brushes, positive
and negative. Current comes into the
brushes and it the brushes are touching
a commutator. And the commutator is on
the rotor.
And this is the rotor. The rotor is
nothing but the wires that are
conducting the current. So the current
comes in
to the set to the end of this thing and
then the commutator on the end
distributes the current into say the
windings along the top of the motor and
then it goes into the end turns there
and goes around to the other side of the
motor and then goes back the other way.
So you end up with a loop of current and
as soon as you have a loop of current
you've got an electromagnet
and so you have an electromagnet that is
forming in one direction magnet and then
next to this on the inside of this is a
a little neodymium magnet. So this is a
round magnet that's um hollow on the
center. The shaft goes down through the
center of this and this part does not
move. So the magnet doesn't move. So it
produces it's a two- pole regular you
know north south north and south pole
magnet.
It doesn't move. It's locked in place
and the windings spin around it. And the
way so that you have a stationary
magnetic field and then you have uh an
electromagnetic field that is in
opposition to it. So the the stationary
magnetic field might be going up from
north to south and then the the
electromagnetic field is to the side of
that and then of course it wants to line
up to so it produces torque to line up.
But just before it lines up, the
commutator and brushes switch the
direction of the current so that it's
back to the beginning again and it
rotates like that. The nice thing about
this because it has the the armature
where the wires are, it has no steel, so
it's very lightweight and can respond to
a small torque very quickly, spin up
quickly. Um, it also has no iron loss in
the in the rotor. And so, uh, since
there's no iron, no moving magnetic
field in the steel, the magnetic field
is always stationary in the steel. So,
you don't get iron losses. So, it's a
very efficient motor. And finally, since
normally you'd have an iron in the in
the rotor and with a bunch of teeth and
slots to put the wires in, and that um
produces little gaps in the iron, which
produces cogging torque. So there's
little spots where the magnetic field is
large and little spots where it's not so
large and that produces a torque pattern
that's uneven. So this has none of that.
it doesn't have any of the slots and so
it doesn't have any cogging torque. Um
there's still a little bit of torque
ripple because it's a brush DC motor and
every time you switch the current from
one direction to the other to get the
motor to continue to spin. There's a
tiny pause because you can't just switch
instantaneously.
And so that produces a little bit of
what's called commutation torque ripple.
So it still has a little bit of torque
ripple but not uh as much as you would
have with a coging torque. So that the
the thing that completes the magnetic
circuit is
the steel housing
which you know we had to cut open in
order to get all this out. Uh so that's
why we have a a big hack in it. Um so we
cut the housing open. This is just made
of ordinary steel. And so the magnetic
field goes from the rotor through those
windings into the steel of the housing
and then goes back around to the other
side to uh complete the magnetic
circuit. So that's how these little
coreless brush DC motors work. Um, this
thing is
it's tiny and and actually they were
invented originally to um be a little
vibration device. So they were in phones
and pagers. They've been around since
the 1980s. They they make these
literally in the billion.
So there's it's a very lowcost motor.
You can buy this type of motor retail
for about a buck.
&gt;&gt; But we think they're making these.
They're not these are not. These these
actuators are um all custom made.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; But this motor itself was uh purchased
part um that's made in very high volume.
And so again, this is a relatively
inexpensive uh way to do this kind of
actuation. And so it starts with a
relatively inexpensive motor.
So then that the the torque comes out of
the little bitty shaft on the coming out
of the rotor. So the rotor again is this
copper thing has a shaft going down the
middle and that shaft spins
and
at the end of it um we put uh they put a
a gear and so I'm going to move this
over and see if we can see the gear.
We got it in focus. This is the what's
called the sungeear. So that's the gear
that's on the um end of the shaft.
So that gear
interacts with these three planetary
gears which and the three planetary
gears are mounted on this um planetary
gear carrier.
And again, you know, just the size of
this thing. Here's my finger. You know,
it's just uh
tiny. These are um these are
manufactured by the way probably uh
using an etching process or a laser
process to cut uh these out of a sheet
metal.
And then all of those gears, the three
gears, I'm going to go back uh to the
ring gear. So all of them interact with
the the ring gear. And uh so the ring
gear is held in place in the housing
which of course we had to cut in order
to get this open. And so we cut into the
ring gear. Um but there's 36 teeth on
the ring gear and 12 teeth on the uh on
the sungear. So you got about 2.4 to1
ratio uh for the planetary gear set.
There's two planetary gear sets backto
back for 4.8 to1 ratio. And so the motor
produces like a couple hundred million
meters of torque uh with the up to two
amps of current
and that turns into about one newton
meter of torque out of this tiny little
motor.
So we use that one newton meter of
torque.
This is the other planter gear set. And
then the planter gear sets are used to
drive this lead screw. And so the lead
screw rotates. And I'm gonna try to spin
this. Um, so that you can see that as
you spin this, I don't know if you can
see the uh
threads coming out. So it moves
in and out. And that applies that turns
the rotational torque into a linear
force.
&gt;&gt; So this also has a position sensor built
in. It does right on on the top of this.
In fact, we can sort of see the the top
of this that that where the position
sensor is mounted. So, it it knows the
position of that lead screw
in addition to the force at the other at
the other end. So with this mechanism,
they're able to apply take a very, you
know, two amps into a tiny little motor
and turn that into um you can actually
apply as much as 70 newtons of force
with this type of actuator. The one that
they are using here as tops out at about
30. They did a trade-off because they
wanted it to move reasonably quickly. um
so they can simulate human movement. Um
so this is just one approach though um
you know that inspire is using to come
up with a way to give uh an adequate
hand
&gt;&gt; that um does a lot of jobs but not every
job and that's where we're seeing a lot
of the industry is everyone's choosing
different directions to go. There's
simple um pinser type clamps. Yeah.
&gt;&gt; Um, and then there's people who are
trying the fullblown hand with every
degree of freedom that you can put into
a hand.
&gt;&gt; The hand makes you the sharper hand is
is really, right? I mean, and and
there's a lot of ways to do this. They
did it by linear motion. You could done
this with with uh tendons or cables to
pull it. Um, this is though by far one
of the the less expensive hands on the
market. Um, so it it is kind of shows,
but it's very unique in how it does it,
I think. Uh,
&gt;&gt; and yet still quite precise.
&gt;&gt; Yes. Uh,
&gt;&gt; but if you want more individual movement
where you want this finger to move
separate from this one, now you have to
do something different where you have to
put a motor up here or some kind of
other mechanism to get that to move. Um,
it's every company's doing something a
little different it looks like. And so
we're still kind of like in the
beginning stages of where this industry
is going to go, I would think.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, that's what it feels like. It's
the wild west. Uh we're just getting
started on um humanoid robots and this
is a great starting point for people to
get their uh get their feet wet with uh
um robotics and and hands.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, I agree.
&gt;&gt; So, thanks a lot for joining us here on
Monroe Live. Uh we'll be deep diving
into more parts of the robot later.