Channel:     electrified
Title:       Exclusive Interview: Tesla's Competitive Position Is NOT What We Thought ⚡️
URL:         https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DHOKbHQY2EQ
Published:   2026-05-10 17:14 UTC
Fetched:     2026-05-10 18:00 UTC

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Welcome back to Electrified. Today
you'll get to hear from Iola Hughes, the
head of research at Benchmark Mineral
Intelligence. The last time she came on
the channel 3 years ago, it was the best
interview I've ever done. Two quick
things before we jump in. One, I did
want to mention Benchmark's Giga USA
2026. That'll take place in DC June 9th
and 10th. So, if anybody's interested in
registering, I'll be sure to have this
link below. And no, this is not
sponsored in any way. I just asked Iola
what I could promote for her as a small
thank you for her time. And just getting
the word out there a little bit about
this event was her request. And lastly,
as mentioned, I do want to do more of
these interviews on Electrified going
forward to provide content that you
can't really find anywhere else. And
it's just a fact to continually do that.
It's much easier when these videos do
quite well. So, if you don't mind
dropping an early like and a comment,
one to show your support for the guests
coming on and dedicating their time, and
then two, it's just typical algorithm
things. But without further ado, I hope
you all enjoy. I did want to try to add
some color uh to Tesla's Q1. So, their
energy gross margins 39 1.5%. A lot of
people were excited at first. So, Vibbob
said, "We set yet another record with
gross margins in this business due to
some one-time benefits from certain
tariff recognitions." But then Tesla's
10Q said this was not the tariff refunds
that were tied to the February Supreme
Court ruling, which my understanding was
just saying that the president can't put
the tariffs in place. Congress has to do
it. So, do you have any idea what that
tariff recognition or refund for Tesla
was?
&gt;&gt; Yeah, not not great visibility, I would
say. I think there's um yeah,
essentially it would have been some sort
of kind of overpayment that would have
been made. Um I think the the kind of
clear thing from it though is that can
really be treated as a as a one-off
rather than a recurring um tariff that
we we'll see. I think when it comes to
the AIPA tariffs themselves, th those
are pretty interesting because like
ultimately
how those are refunded is is a big
question in the first place given the
the scale of those tariffs. But then
what Tesla has to do when it gets that
refund as well is a big question too.
Whether they, you know, have to pass on
some of that to uh to their customers
because they obviously increase the
prices as a result of the tariff. So
there's a lot to to work out there. So
for for Q1 then it's possibly like an
overp payment that Tesla made. Something
maybe changed in the interim and then it
was a refund but yeah not anything they
should expect going forward.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Exactly. Exactly. It seems seems
the most likely. Um it's obviously been
a a very turbulent year of tariffs last
year. We you know we I think the we we
have a a tariff calculator that we made
early last year and I think we're on
like V27 at this point because each time
there's a change we'll republish it. Um,
yeah. So, you know, it's very easy that
things could have been, you know,
overpaid based on when when they're
expected to for come come into the US
and when they actually did. So, yeah,
it's not not surprising.
&gt;&gt; And then are you guys expecting a lot
more fluctuation from a tariff
perspective over the next 12 months or
do you think it's kind of settled?
&gt;&gt; Yeah, for sure. So, um, the way that the
the kind of position we're in now, um,
currently the the battery tariffs are
sat at 38.4%. 4%. Um, so you've got the
25% section 301 that was increased in
January of this year. Then you have the
the 10% um section 122 that Trump put
into place once the tariffs were ruled
unlawful. And then you have a a kind of
3.4% battery tariff that's already been
in place. Um, those section 122
reactionary tariffs, they can only be in
place for 150 days. So that that
basically gives a window for further
tariffs to be uh kind of launched. And I
think it was at the end of March we saw
um the IRS launch a new kind of probe
into uh for section 301 tariffs which
would cover like 99% of US imports. So
it's 69 nations they're looking to to
impose those on. Um so yeah, it it is
likely we'll see further tariffs coming
through. the the level that they fall
out at is is still a big question mark,
but you know, I would imagine around 50%
for for battery tariffs is not not a bad
guess.
&gt;&gt; And then just overall, are you seeing
any material slowdown in demand because
of this uncertainty where companies are
just waiting or is it kind of business
as usual and companies like Tesla are
passing along those tariff costs to
their customer?
&gt;&gt; Um, I would say it's it's just been very
turbulent. So when we when we look at
the the battery uh imports coming into
the US that they they've been jumping
around so much the last few months. You
see um big spikes that happen when
there's an expectation the tariff rate
is going to change. So the January
change of the 301 tariff we saw a very
strong December and then in January we
saw imports fall back down to uh kind of
2022 levels. So there has been a lot of
kind of pre- buying and wait and see.
You also have the added impact of people
looking to kind of safe harbor last
year. Um, basically lock in earlier tax
credit regimes. Um, so that yeah, it's
it's constantly changing. People have
been avoiding the higher tariffs where
they can. But in terms of actual demand
destruction, I wouldn't say it's
necessarily having having an impact at
the moment because when you think about
the the price level that these cells and
systems are at now compared to even a
few years ago, um even with these high
level of tariffs, they they still come
out a lot cheaper than than where we
were.
&gt;&gt; All right, guys. A quick break to
introduce a very slick new channel
sponsor, UPDF. One that I actually first
saw back online is Tech Tips. If you
read, create, interact with PDFs at all,
I'd highly encourage you to give this
one a shot. I, like many others, used
Adobe for a long time until I realized
that one, UP, PDF was more robust for
the things that I do most, and two, it
is 16th the price. Of course, it has all
the basics. You can add highlights,
notes, and bookmarks. But check this
out. You can also edit the text right in
the same format. So, if there's an
error, you can fix it right in the
document with the same formatting. A
real example for me, I work with
different sponsors. We send PDFs back
and forth all the time for signing. So
if there happens to be a mistake in the
document, like they put 2027 instead of
this year for the upload date. You can
just double click, go to edit right in
there,
adjust it within seconds. You can easily
add custom or preset watermarks. Add
watermark. You see all the different
templates or you can create your own. I
have signed a few NDAs in my day. So,
one click away and boom, the document's
confidential. For a vibes guy like
myself, there's plenty of customization
to change the look of the app. I prefer
the dark. Maybe you have a scanned
document and you want to select the
text, but you can't. Just drop it into
PDF. Then go to tools, OCR, editable
PDF, and convert. And seconds later, you
have a fully editable PDF where you can
copy the text or edit it directly in the
document. And it's 2026, so it wouldn't
be complete without AI tools. You can
convert the PDF to Word or any other
document format. You can password
protect your files with one click. I
need a summary of this document. Select
your language and then chat with a PDF.
And within seconds, there is your bullet
point summary, key findings, high level,
all the main takeaways, why it matters,
and it's using models like GPT5 in
DeepSeek R1. So, look at this. I can
click on a chart. I can go ahead and
copy it. I can paste it into the chat.
explain this chart. And there you go.
Pretty slick. There's a complete
explanation of the chart along with the
main takeaways. And yes, if you need to
sign or annotate a document, you can
create a custom signature up to six.
Resize it, move it around. Incredibly
easy. UPDF works on Mac, iOS, Windows,
and Android. And one account you can use
on four different devices. You get
lifetime free upgrades and the product
gets better every month. Customer
service is available 246 and they have a
30-day money back guarantee. And right
now you can get a limited time offer if
you use my link in the description
below. I highly recommend UPDF for all
your PDF needs. And as always, I thank
you so much for supporting the channel.
Now, back to the interview. So, when it
comes to Tesla's pricing, I know a
couple years ago they were at like $500
per kilowatt hour. Maybe now if you go
to the configurator and run some math,
it might be closer to $240 per kilowatt
hour, but we know there are volume
discounts when you know companies buy in
bulk. So from what you guys are seeing,
where is Tesla usually landing at a
dollar per kilowatt hour perspective? Um
yeah, so typically when we see those
those sort of discounts being applied
around 20% is a a good good ballpark
estimate for that which relatively
speculative but would give give Tesla a
price around 190 to to 200. Um okay,
&gt;&gt; in general I would say if you're
comparing Tesla to the other Western
players, Tesla would would generally uh
come in towards the lower end of some of
them. um maybe $30 to $40 per kilowatt
hour more. But then when you put it in
the context of the Chinese players, the
the differential is is obviously a lot
more significant. Um you know, in the
Chinese market, we see systems being
deployed for under $100 per kilowatt
hour. Those players can then ship to the
European market to the US market. The US
obviously tariffs start to play into it
and eligibility for tax credits start to
play into it. But if we're looking at
European market for example, um it's
definitely a lot cheaper to to go with a
Chinese option than to go with Tesla or
or one of the other Western providers.
&gt;&gt; Okay. And is that the case in Australia
as well or is that a different
situation?
&gt;&gt; Yeah, I would say so. um you know
Australian products, Australian projects
are now being supplied by the the
Shanghai um mega pack facility rather
than than LROP which will would have
brought down cost quite quite a lot. Um
but essentially they'll still be
charging a premium compared to some of
the other players in the market and we
are starting to see that reflected in
Australian projects where historically
that was a market really dominated by
Tesla and Wartzilla and a few other kind
of western names but now we see a lot of
interest not only of Sunrow which is I
guess a more well-known integrator
globally but also from the the players
who are cell manufacturers uh have
vertically integrated into the system
side. But you know are these Chinese
players HTMX CB um starting to take
quite quite aggressive market share
there and those are the sort of players
who have been kind of undercutting and
offering very low prices to gain market
share.
&gt;&gt; Okay. And those numbers you mentioned
like you know 180 for Tesla and under
$100 per kilowatt hour out of China. Are
those before any subsidies or after?
&gt;&gt; That's before subsidies. Yeah. Yeah. So
&gt;&gt; before Yeah. Once we start playing
playing subsidies into it, it can can
obviously fluctuate a lot. Um
&gt;&gt; the I guess the main thing to know on
the subsidy front for now is that the if
we're talking about 48 anyway, the
investment tax credit, the way those
rules are set up, it's based on uh year
of construction, the the thresholds
start to come in. So the reality is if
you're building a if your project's
coming online this year or even next
year, you probably safe harbored it in
some form uh from last year. And what
that means is that you you know you can
still use a Chinese system. You can
still use Chinese cells and you don't
have to worry about losing the tax
credit. when we get into, you know, late
in 2027, 2028 onwards, that's when
you'll be placing those projects in
construction this year, and therefore
having to start to to adhere to those
rules. And then the the economics starts
to go, okay, well, it makes more sense
to use a Tesla system, even if it's
cheaper to get a Chinese system, for
example.
&gt;&gt; Speaking of like economics, so Tesla's
4680s, there's always chatter if and
when they'll start using those in a mega
pack. We know that LFP is the primary
battery cell technology for energy
storage. Are you guys hearing anything
about Tesla considering 4680s in the
mega pack in the future or No,
&gt;&gt; I wouldn't say so. Um, it's not it's not
an obvious cell format to to use within
within a system. It would require quite
quite a lot of redesign. Um, so the the
Mega Pack systems as well as pretty much
all of the systems in the industry right
now are designed around prismatic cells.
Um, prismatic cells are good because you
can essentially kind of cube them
together very closely. You get a lot
more energy density for your footprint.
Um, so it really makes sense as the the
cell format of choice. We do see some
pouch cells being used in the market.
Um, but the main reason that we see that
is because that's what LG manufactures
right now. Um, but they're even
switching over to Prismatic from from
2027, which lines up with when Tesla
will start to use LG cells as well.
&gt;&gt; I'm glad you said that because I was
curious about how difficult that
changeover would be to use a cylindrical
cell. Uh, so it sounds like it's pretty
pretty difficult. It's not just a a
simple change.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, it it just seems like something
that people will would much rather avoid
if they can. Um,
&gt;&gt; yeah,
&gt;&gt; you know, and and for pouch as well, I
think it's it's pretty evident by the
fact that, you know, Tesla could have
offtaken sales from LG much sooner.
There is plenty of LG production um kind
of going round, but the fact that
they've waited until they're saying not
until the end of 2027, which is when LG
get that prismatic line up and running
is when they will take those cells. So,
yeah, they don't want to read redesign
those systems um based on based on that
cell format. So Tesla to date has been
earning that $10 per kilowatt hour
credit for the 45X at Leup where they
were assembling these imported CATA
cells into modules which at 40 gawatt
hours a year is about $400 million. But
we got that IRS notice 202615 in
February this year that added some PF
rules which is that prohibited foreign
entity. So, is it true that at this
point because of that notice that Tesla
can no longer earn that $10 per kilowatt
hour credit?
&gt;&gt; Yeah, for sure. So, that that was um
that came out in the the one big
beautiful bill last year. Um and then
the guidance at the start of this year
provided a bit more uh clarity on it. Um
the
essentially what what you're looking at
is um typically within a pack the cell
would account for about 80% of your
cost. So if you're using a a cell from
from China, you're immediately way over
the the threshold um for for the
allowance. So yeah, you become
ineligible pretty pretty quickly.
&gt;&gt; And so how soon would that go into
effect? Like I'm asking from the
standpoint of how soon it might impact
Tesla's margins, like losing that
momentarily until they replace some of
that sell supply. So is that in effect
like the end of last year?
&gt;&gt; Yeah, exactly. Yeah. From from the end
of from the start of this year it came
into effect. Yeah.
&gt;&gt; So they haven't been earning that at all
then in 2026.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. There's no the only way that that
maybe they have is if they have a whole
load of sales they brought into the US
before the end of the year. um built up
a bit of stockpile which they could have
done because you know it would make
sense to to get those through um and
then maybe they could work around the
rules that way but if they're yeah
bringing in sales this year and making
them into packs it it's it's would be
pretty much impossible to get the credit
&gt;&gt; and so speaking to that LG factory
between LG and Tesla in Lancing where
you said the supply will start in 2027
just to confirm that factory is fully
expected given all the changes to fully
qualify for both the $10 per kilowatt
hour and the $35 per kilowatt hour. So
manufacturing.
&gt;&gt; So still still still a bit of question
marks I would say for the for the the
$10 part. Um it should be okay for for
Tesla to or LG or whoever's making the
packs to to get that for the um for the
$35 level. You need to start looking at
the the supply chain for for LFP. uh
where the cathode material is coming
from, where the anode material is coming
from. Um the cathode is the one that's
going to be the the kind of key material
to look at because that makes up about
40% of of your cell cost. Um so using a
Chinese cathode can make you ineligible
pretty quickly in the the coming years.
And that's a supply chain similar to the
anode as well that's heavily dominated
uh by China. So last year I think we're
looking about 99% of the LFP cathode
supply chain was based in China. Um
there there are moves to uh to move away
from China. So in Korea you have a few
uh manufacturers who are bringing
facilities online this year. Um you have
a facility in Indonesia um which is the
the one that LG is planning to source
from. However, there is some issues
around ownership structure there. There
is a Chinese owner. We're seeing a lot
of Chinese companies with subsidiaries
elsewhere restructuring um their their
entire company structure or the
subsidiary structure to basically make
their products in these subsidiaries
eligible. So, lots of work is going on
at the moment to try and basically
rearrange the supply chain to to make it
possible. But it's not an obvious like
tick box. Yes, they will get the credit.
There's still, I think, challenges to
work out. Tesla does have a cathode
factory in Texas, but do you guys know
anything if they're getting into LFP
production there or it's just going to
be like an NCM situation?
&gt;&gt; My understanding is it's for the MCM
side rather than rather than LFP
essentially to supply the 4680 cells.
&gt;&gt; Since we're talking about it, can you
give like a brief explanation if that's
even possible? because from what I
looked into it's pretty confusing but
the MACR that material assistance cost
ratio and just kind of like how that
works and how it phases over the next
few years.
&gt;&gt; You essentially what you're looking at
is um doing a kind of sum of the co the
the kind of input costs divided by the
output costs. And you need to work out
what percentage of those input costs
come from a prohibited foreign entity.
And there's a few different uh triggers
for a prohibited foreign entity based on
kind of ownership structure, effective
control, and IP as well. Um you have
different material assistance cost
ratios um for 48e for 45x that have
different levels of of uh kind of
thresholds over each year. the the key
ones for 2026. Um, when you're looking
at uh the 45X, you your your PFE
allowance essentially is is 40%. Um, so
when we translate that back into the
battery cost stack with a a cathode and
I I mentioned earlier that how the
cathode accounts for about 40%. You
maybe could get away with a Chinese
cathode this year if you assumed every
other component came from a nonPFE.
um which is going to be very hard to do
because of the anode and then that ramps
up every year by about 5 to 10%. And
from 2030 onwards you're looking at a PF
allowance of just 15%.
For 4080 for the energy storage side
again you have this ramping threshold
but they're slightly different. So you
have 45% allowance in 2026 and then that
ramps up to uh 25% allowance in 2030.
The the kind of other challenge to
consider with this is when we're
calculating that cost stack, there's
there's a whole load of n variables that
come into it that people are are looking
at. So what we saw earlier this year was
some preliminary guidance issued which
basically said that initially you'd be
allowed to use um the tables which have
previously been set out for qualifying
for the domestic content domestic
content adder uh to inform you of of
your cost stack um which for uh which is
available for 48 but not available for
45. So for 40E you can follow these
previously announced interim tables and
within that it it sets out the cost of
each component um as a given percentage
rather than what it actually costs. So
for for battery for the battery within a
system it's saying the the sale cost is
is 52%. Um which would means you're
immediately ineligible. So the the key
thing from that is it means that you
know if you're looking at a Tesla system
which is using a CL cell that system
would immediately become ineligible
under those rules. So yeah pretty pretty
big in that sense.
&gt;&gt; And so is it pretty accurate to say then
that like retail investors like a lot of
my audience here really will not be able
to determine what exactly qualifies and
doesn't unless it's explicitly said by
the company just because we don't have
visibility into like these supply
chains.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. So one thing that that some
companies coming out with are supplier
certification documents. So they're
basically providing a guarantee that
their system is is eligible. Um
sometimes I think that information will
be publicly available. So Fluence came
out maybe a month ago now just putting
out a very short press release saying
that they would still be able to provide
uh fiat compliant products. Um, so in
some cases, you know, if someone is fiat
compliant, they'll probably shout about
it or PF compliant, they they'll
probably shout about it.
&gt;&gt; When it comes to like global energy
storage battery demand as a percentage
of just overall battery cell demand, I
think energy storage was around 15%.
Correct me if I'm wrong, but then where
do you guys see that number trending
over the next few years given the, you
know, large pullback from EVs almost
everywhere outside of China? Yeah. So we
we had last year about 19% um of battery
demand. Um and over the next couple of
years we have it rising to about just
under 30% of of the market. Um
&gt;&gt; the the regional difference is quite
stark though. So in the if we look at
last year in particular in the in the US
market um storage accounted for about
25% of demand. uh in China it was about
20% and in Europe just 10 10% of the
market over the next few years
particularly in the US as we've seen
this um pull back on the EV outlook we
now see storage playing a much bigger
part of the picture um so we're looking
at this year accounting for about 40% uh
of demand and you know we've seen the
cell manufacturers react to this quite
accordingly um seen a huge pivot to LFP
capacity to energy storage capacity. LG
in their kind of pipelines are now
saying 50% of the market is going to be
energy storage. Um so it's there's
really two sides to it. It's it's not
just energy storage demand is really
strong. There is the underlining tone
that the EV demand is ultimately uh
ultimately weak. Um but it's all
providing a a pretty positive story for
for the US market in a time where I
think it could be a lot more negative.
Um, one thing I guess would caveat all
of that with as well is that these are
based on our Q1 forecast, um, which is
pre US Iran conflict. Um,
&gt;&gt; I think that's and maybe that's
something we can talk about in more
detail, but I think that's, uh, going to
be a key upside for for both EV demand
and energy storage over the next few
years. And is really changing the
conversation to, um, bring energy
security back to kind of front of mind.
um highlighting how EVs can, you know,
protect the consumer from these spikes
in in oil prices as well.
&gt;&gt; If you have anything else about that
conflict and kind of the fallout from
it, please feel free to elaborate.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, for sure. So, maybe talking about
energy storage first. Um, we see a few
kind of near-term downside risks and
then some some longerterm upsides. Um so
in the near term we're currently
tracking about 50 gawatt hours of
projects in the Middle East which are
due to come online uh in the next 2
years. Um ultimately if any of those
projects any of those projects would
have their systems delivered through the
straight we could see some delays to to
the demand there. The Middle East has
become one of the really kind of key
areas to watch uh for storage. Um so
some potential disruption there. On the
flip side, we are seeing an increased
interest in solar and storage across the
board. Um there's lots of previous
examples of where we've had energy
crisis and we've seen a nation pivot to
renewables faster. You look at Pakistan
when they had their energy crisis in
2022. We saw a huge uptick in uh solar
installations and um expecting similar
similar things to be happening now for
for the storage side behind the meter
market can react a lot faster and we'll
see deployments uptick sooner there. But
for the utility scale market probably be
be looking at a bit of a longer time
horizon but the the the motivation is
definitely there for for things to
accelerate. for the EV market. This is
where I think it's it's been really
interesting the the March and the
provisional April data that we've been
getting in so far where markets saw the
the kind of largest jump in fuel prices.
We saw some really incredible uh jumps
in EV sales. Australia and New Zealand
in particular um having kind of record
months and increasing two 300% compared
to to earlier in the year. um you know
some questions around how sustained that
that can be and whether that's just a a
pull forward of sales that are expected
later in the year. Um but yeah, the kind
of interest in EVs is definitely uh very
high at the moment and should drive
things forward.
&gt;&gt; Going back to what you said about like
energy storage and the fallout from the
conflict and just kind of thinking about
the competitive landscape, what are you
guys seeing from that standpoint? Like
I'm assuming there are probably new
players trying to get into energy
storage given the margins and potential
and that shift, but is there also a
consolidation at the top of people
realizing, hey, like this handful of
companies, these are the, you know, top
tier players and they're just defaulting
to them more.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, I would say so. Um, we we actually
just published our 2025
um cell and system integrator rankings.
Um and on the on the cell side it's
quite interesting. We saw CL so CL is
still you know number one energy storage
cell supplier um but they saw their
share fall to 22% uh I think they were
close to 30% last year and part of the
reason for that is because of these you
know in in the Chinese market you have a
handful of players who are have been
really ramping up uh sell supply in the
last couple of years. So the likes of
kind of Hithium, Cornex, Eve Energy, um
who are all kind of coming through and
really pursuing energy storage as their
their key market. Um so the competition
is definitely very fierce. Um we are
seeing the Chinese government look to
crack down on some of this competition
because there's there's only almost too
many players who have been aggressively
cutting prices. Um so yeah, I I think I
think increasingly we will see
consolidation as well. that's ultimately
yeah a bit almost too diverse in terms
of the the number of options right now.
&gt;&gt; And so I always just want to hear from
somebody like you who's kind of more
objective and unbiased. How is Tesla
viewed by and large by the industry in
energy storage specifically? Are they
like very clearly one of the best with
all the hardware and software and this
the integration that they have or is the
competition really so good now that
there are others on par with Tesla if
not even exceeding them in certain
regards? Yeah, I think in terms of um I
say like reliability and uh after
service care um you know and and just
kind of uh legacy reputation Tesla is is
still in a a very strong position um
seen as a I guess a more relatively kind
of premium product. Um, in terms of
innovation, in terms of the the cell
design and the system design, Tesla's
potentially, you know, lagging some of
what we see from from the Chinese
players. Um, you know, there's been
this, I guess, race, particularly in the
Chinese market to to push energy density
higher and higher and higher. You know,
we see these 500 amp cells which have
moved to 700 amp cells and now players
even working on 1,000 plus. And what
that means is that you're looking at
container sizes which have, you know,
are now offering energy densities which
are 5x where the mega pack one was
offering a few years ago. So the the
pace of innovation is is obviously
slower in the western markets than than
what we do see in the ch in the Chinese
market. But I don't necessarily think
that's a bad thing because it does give
you time to kind of see what's actually
working and react to that and and offer
kind of a a product which is is the most
suitable for for a given market?
&gt;&gt; Tesla does have some nextg products like
the Mega Pack 3, Mega Block. So, is the
industry starting to talk about those?
Is it a bit too soon for them to kind of
get into it since it's not shipping
until next year? I I think there's
definitely interest there, but I think I
I think when it comes to those nextgen
products, it does go back to that same
thing is that it's not necessarily them
kind of taking a leap ahead of everyone,
but it's it's more a kind of response to
put them in line with where the market's
already going.
&gt;&gt; When it comes to the average number of
gigas scale projects, like over one
gigawatt hour, I know a couple years ago
it, again, correct me if I'm wrong,
maybe a handful every quarter. Do you
have a feel on how many we have per
quarter now?
&gt;&gt; Yeah, so we had 11 come online in the
first quarter of this year. Um,
&gt;&gt; okay.
&gt;&gt; For for reference, so in in 2023, four
came online. Uh, in 2024, 17 came online
and uh 202550 came online and this year
we currently have 122 in the pipeline.
Um, okay.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. And 11 so far this year. But I
think it's worth noting with Q1 as well.
Um it was a pretty interesting quarter.
So we we saw the market the utility
scale market increase by 42% in the
first quarter but interestingly China
was completely flat yearonear. So all of
that growth is coming from exchina
markets. So exchina increased by about
112%.
Um and really interestingly Australia
actually became the second largest
market for the first time. So overtaking
uh the US um they had three of those
gigas scale projects. Um yeah over 8
gawatt hours installed in the first
quarter in Australia.
&gt;&gt; Okay. Wow. And so from Tesla's mega pack
factory in Shanghai is most of that
going to the EU in Australia or what
percentage of that actually stays in
China? Does any of it stay there?
&gt;&gt; In terms of Chinese products projects, I
don't believe they're actually serving
any. Um there may be some exceptions but
the the general I think the general
expectation there was it was for export
markets rather than to serve
domestically. Um right and you know that
could be anywhere in Apac anywhere in
Europe. Um yeah but it seems like that
facility is still ramping up in the in
the most recent earning school. It
looked like they it was at 40 gatt hours
but now it's back to 20 gatt hours. So
maybe there's been some adjustments
there in terms of how much scale they
expect that to have.
&gt;&gt; I think last year Tesla did 46.7 gawatt
hours storage deployed and globally this
deployment number was around 315 gawatt
hours. So simple math Tesla had roughly
a 15% market share globally. Where do
you guys see that number trending over
the next few years?
&gt;&gt; Yeah, so we we we do have a a number
very similar about 15%. um we have it
coming down a bit over the next couple
of years but but staying above 10% um is
is really the expectation
there there are obviously a lot of
variables that that do come into it um
you know how successful they are in
ramping up uh their own sale production
is is a big one um eligibility for for
credits is going to be a big one in the
US market and obviously the overall kind
of demand picture as well so a lot of
variables but they're in a a good
position in terms of uh potential output
they have from their the various
facilities.
&gt;&gt; And who would you say is like the player
in the industry? Does that exist where
most people are like, "Hey, this company
has the very best energy storage
products."
&gt;&gt; I don't think there's necessarily a one
one player player winner, which is is
probably a good thing. Um, I mean I
think on this the cell side, yeah,
really, you know, CL's obviously been in
a good position because they were an
early mover and had that that advantage.
Um, but you know, you do now have a
whole range of other players still
offering a very good product. Those
players maybe aren't as well fitted when
it comes to the the system side of
things. Um, BYD, maybe BYD did very well
in terms of shipments of systems last
year. um took the top spot. So yeah,
maybe they're the the ones at the moment
who are doing the best.
&gt;&gt; Last time you were on the channel, which
was like three years ago, you nailed the
call about Australia. You said it was
the market to watch and fast forward and
it absolutely was. So what are you
seeing right now? Like what is the
hottest market globally for energy
storage? Is it Australia?
&gt;&gt; I I think Australia is still very very
hot. Um you know, I think the US is is
is really interesting. I think there's a
whole load of uh opportunity outside of
the traditional states which is going to
come about in the next couple of years.
Um I think the whole narrative in the US
and how it's essentially kind of
decoupled the role of storage from
renewables um is is a real shift from
even kind of a year ago um where the
outlook for storage was was really not
looking great. Um, so I I think that
that's a that's a big one to watch is
maybe people have been underestimating
the US because of all the turbulence in
the policy side of things, but when we
look at the the actual kind of pipeline
for the next couple of years, it
continues to grow very quickly. A lot of
confidence in storage opportunities, not
just traditional, you know, grid market
side of things, but you know, data
centers and supporting that build out as
well. What about on the residential side
since the residential ITC expired last
year for something like the power wall?
&gt;&gt; I mean, it's it's interesting. It's it's
again one that we were expecting this
year not to be great for. Um but the the
conflict in in Iran has I think given a
a new driver to resi markets where if
consumers are seeing that their energy
prices are going up, maybe they were
considering getting solar panels, maybe
they're considering getting a battery
and suddenly your payback period on that
is a lot shorter than it would have
been. Um so yeah, not as strong as last
year. Last year was a very strong market
in the US because of the termination of
the credit and we had a lot of people
looking to to get ahead of that but I
think the the downturn that we were
expecting is is not going to be as as
bad.
&gt;&gt; Okay, that's good to know. Uh let's
shift gears for a second uh to Powen for
those who may not know it was the I
think the third largest integrator in
the United States and they declared
bankruptcy. So my question is can we
learn anything from from their
experience? Yeah, I think I think scale
and how fast you move is is always a a
big lesson from from any of these
players whether we're looking at what
happened with Powin or Northvault is
another great example in the European
market from the cell manufacturing side.
Um essentially seemed like they were
kind of taking on additional debt to to
fund their growth and that that became
uns unsustainable
um and yeah basically damaged damaged
their position to a point where that was
necessary. So it's um yeah, I'm I mean
I'm sure we'll see further further
things like this happening in the
industries as it grows. Essentially when
you're in such a fast growing market uh
and everyone is is really kind of racing
to to gain market share it does get
super competitive and we start to run
into these issues.
&gt;&gt; CL they announced their Naxtra sodium
ion mass production for Q4 of this year
and they're saying the pricing will be
somewhere around 30% below LFP. So, of
course, you know, as a Tesla observer,
is there a world where that could render
what Tesla's doing in Nevada with their
LFP factory not completely obsolete, but
just heading that direction? So, is that
a concern or how do you kind of view
that announcement?
&gt;&gt; Uh, yeah, I wouldn't say so. Um, I mean,
we also saw last last week or a couple
weeks ago um the first kind of large
scale sodium ion. So um CL announced the
60 gawatt hour sodium ion uptake with
with sodium with the hyper strong but
those sodium ion cells. So there's
definitely a lot of movement in the
sodium ion market right now. Um what I
would I guess caveat that all with with
is whenever whenever the lithium price
goes up we do see a lot of excitement
around sodium ion. um whether that's as
a hedge against lithium price, whether
it's to help control the lithium prices
um or or whether the kind of reality is
there that it is competitive um is is
true. We've done quite a lot of cost
analysis on on this to to see how it how
it stacks up and the the big issue right
now is around um the the anode. So use a
hard carbon anode rather than graphite.
They use lithium ion and that is still
very expensive compared to a graphite
anode. And and what it does mean is that
even at the current lithium price um and
and even a quite a bit higher lithium
price, it's still cheaper at the moment
uh to to use LFP versus sodium ion. As
sodium ion scales, of course, there is
potential for that to to come down, but
it's not a you know, end of this year
it's going to be 30% cheaper. I think
that's a hypothetical if everything goes
goes smoothly. And then the other thing
just to note on in terms of impact on
Tesla is it's another supply chain which
is entirely focused in the Chinese
market for now. So it it doesn't solve
any of the kind of issues around
compliance and qualifying for tax
credits if you're just switching to a a
different Chinese supply chain. So, do
you foresee Tesla maybe doing something
with sodium ion or is it still maybe too
early for that technology?
&gt;&gt; Yeah, I mean potentially. I I don't
think there's any obvious signs at the
moment. Um,
&gt;&gt; I think get LFP up and running first and
then Yeah, maybe longterm is an option
there.
&gt;&gt; Did I hear you correctly? You said when
the price of lithium goes up, then the
interest in sodium ion goes down.
&gt;&gt; No, it goes up.
&gt;&gt; Goes up. Okay. Yeah, I was going to say,
wait a second. Help me understand that.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, it goes up. Okay, so there was an
announcement between Google Excel and
Form Energy with a 30 gawatt hour
project in Minnesota, which I think
might be the largest project ever, and
it's iron Air again, not lithium. And I
believe somebody involved Matteo
Jeremia's ex-tesla. Is this some sort of
inflection point for long duration
storage or again the this technology
instead of lithium or is it more of a
one-off in your view?
&gt;&gt; Yes, we've seen quite a few of these
announcements recently. Um I think we
saw a 100 gawatt hour one as well. Um
and a whole range of technologies from
like ion air to flow batteries to um
yeah all sorts that are being explored.
You know long duration definitely has
its place on the kind of more
traditional grid. The the market
mechanisms don't necessarily exist for
these sort of batteries to be used in a
uh in a profitable way. So the incentive
to install it in traditional grid
applications is is a lot lower when it
comes to data centers. That's where we
see a a really good use case um you know
bridging grid connections
um for peak shaving and often used in
conjunction with on-site gas as well. Um
so yeah I I think as well like a lot of
these announcements that we are seeing
they are relatively exploratory at this
stage. Um quite a lot of these companies
are are quite early stage. Um and these
projects that they are kind of signing
themselves up to will be the the largest
projects they've ever worked on. Um so
how much of it is basically the tech
companies kind of going out and giving a
bit of money to all of the different
companies to see which one succeeds
rather than making a sure bet on one one
or the other.
&gt;&gt; Okay. So the idea that iron air at even
a data center where it sounds like it
makes more sense is not really a concern
for stealing LFP demand from data
centers. Is that accurate?
&gt;&gt; Yeah, exactly. Exactly. There's you
you'd look to have both in most cases.
Um
&gt;&gt; Okay.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. You you you start to have you
start to look at very different kind of
use cases for the different techs. with
some of these um longer duration
technologies, you start to run into
issues with things like roundtrip
efficiency um can be can be very low.
Your kind of reaction time can be a lot
slower. So for some of those more
traditional battery use cases, LFP is
still um kind of chemistry of choice.
&gt;&gt; What two things are you guys watching at
benchmark over the next 12 months or so
that could possibly change Tesla's
competitive position in the market? Gen
generally what happens in the US in
terms of policy, in terms of tariffs, I
think is is all going to play into it in
in quite a big way. Um it will really
determine how competitive Tesla can be.
You know, if they're facing very high
tariffs on on battery imports, that
that's obviously going to be um very
difficult for them. At the same time, it
may be prohibitive for other players. So
getting that right is is going to be a
big thing. Um and then yeah, the ramp up
of of the Nevada LFP lines. Um when that
actually does come online, it's going to
be yeah, pretty interesting to see how
they can do that. And then and then also
like how they've worked out their supply
chain sourcing for that one as well.
They also need to consider where their
cathode is coming from, where their
anode is coming from.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, I did want to touch on that one
more time. So for that factory in Nevada
where they're using CL equipment, I
believe to manufacture LFP cells, that
was my understanding. Does that line
qualify for the $10 per kilowatt hour
module assembly? Could it possibly
qualify for the $35 or what's your view
on that?
&gt;&gt; Yeah, so the aim would be the $35 um
part. uh they're in a pretty unique
position where they've been able to
essentially use equipment or or kind of
license um because that was put in place
before the bill came through last year.
They they've essentially kind of safe
harbored that agreement. So they're in
that position and then also the Ford CL
licensing agreement is in that position
where it was put in place before. So
it's it's okay. Um, so from a I guess
licensing position, they're they're okay
and they should qualify. The key thing
will come down to their their materials
where they're coming from. So yeah,
where where the cathode is coming from,
where the anode is coming from,
&gt;&gt; but the $10 per kilowatt hour for module
assembly would not apply.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, that that should. Yeah, that
should as well. But whether they do that
there or probably at LRO, I would guess.
&gt;&gt; Running up on our time here. Uh, one
more question. What would you say is one
of the most or two most underappreciated
things happening in the energy storage
market now that most people aren't
talking about? So it could be a
chemistry, a region, a policy, a
company, anything. Maybe one thing that
that is quite interesting we've been
been hearing from a few uh developers is
um how how poor some of the after sales
service is kind of that they're
experiencing in the market from
different uh integrators and how much of
an impact that can then have on their
future decisions of um which suppliers
they go for. And I think that's that's
pretty interesting as like a market
matures or starts to mature as we've
we've gone through the stage of everyone
just trying to get as much market share
as possible. Um you know climb up those
those rankings but maybe not
concentrating too much on keeping their
existing customers as happy and how that
will kind of shake out in the the next
few years. I think it's going to be
quite interesting.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, for sure. How would you say Tesla
stacks up in that realm? I I think
generally Tesla's seen as as one of the
the better ones for after service go.
Yeah.
&gt;&gt; Well, Iola, as always, it's a pleasure
talking to you. Thank you for taking the
time. Super informative, so we
appreciate it.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Thanks for having me.