Channel:     brighterwithherbert
Title:       Tesla And SpaceX May Have An Unfair Advantage
URL:         https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=a2zVl5Jshr0
Published:   2026-05-26 13:30 UTC
Fetched:     2026-05-26 14:00 UTC

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Elon Musk company SpaceX and Tesla seem
to be able to accomplish things no other
company can match. Today, we'll watch
videos of Elon Musk, Jeff Bezos, Shamat
from the All-In Podcast, and Kathy Wood
from Arc Invest to hear what they say.
Elon believes you should first focus on
building the best product. This is more
important than brand, he says, and then
predict the bottlenecks that's coming in
the future before others do. Jeff Bezos
praised what SpaceX has done, and he
says he'd love the world to have at
least two SpaceXs. He says, "Great
industries are made up of big
competitors." In a recent All-In
podcast, Chamat laid out the case for
SpaceX being valued at $2 trillion.
Chamat says there's a very specific
strategy Elon follows, and it creates a
flywheel that is hard to beat. Finally,
we'll watch Kathy Wood of Arch Invest
share what she sees most people are
completely missing about the AI boom.
And yet again, Elon was ahead of the
game. Today, we have Jeff Le joining us.
He's a multi-deade supply chain
executive and chief quality officer.
He's now CEO of his own high-tech
manufacturing consulting firm. Welcome,
Jeff.
&gt;&gt; Hey, it'd be fun to break these down.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, let's watch these uh videos from
Kathy Wood, Chamat, Jeff Bezos. They all
praise Elon and they specifically
outline each of them what they think is
Elon's strategy. U the first one I know
you know a lot about which is build the
best product possible. Word of mouth
marketing is what you matter more. Um
remember this two years ago James
Stevenson reminded everybody two years
ago Elon destroyed the Tesla brand
globally it will never recover. I am
very aware of what happened there.
Friends and family kept telling me what
has Elon done and absolutely he did
damage the brand but people thought h
it's forever nobody will buy Tesla
again. But that's not the case because
today Tesla's Model Y is the number one
selling EV in California. the number one
selling EV in the US, the number one
selling EV in Europe, number one selling
EV in China. Elon replied to him saying
product is much more important than
brand. Can you speak a little bit about
that?
&gt;&gt; I can and I can also probably share the
there's another side to this too. I'll
be a little bit critical on but in in
terms of the the the product and the
brand the product can create the brand
based on how how people receive the
product its reliability its word of
mouth uh recommendation and Model Y is
all told it's going to be one of the
best vehicles ever made. It's going to
be one of the highest selling vehicles
ever made. But one of the things just to
be a little bit critical that we have to
be careful about with these it's the
number one here, it's the number one
there. Tesla purposely has a very low
model count and that's to their
advantage and I think they are very
smart for doing that. Other companies
have taken a different approach of just
spraying out a lot of so what's happened
in EV over the last 5 years is a lot of
models have been put out there. So, I
don't see anybody besides Xiaomi trying
to get, you know, one vehicle into, you
know, really decent high scale and
really focusing on low model count. Uh,
but that that is that is part of this.
The competition has failed and they have
a high model count. But but in the
meantime, in the past three years, four
years, I think we're now globally one in
four vehicles sold as an EV. So EV
adoption globally has grown. It has not
grown in the US just to be very clear.
But globally EV adoption has grown and
Tesla has not grown at that rate. So
there is something to be said. I think
you we can be a fan of Tesla and what
they're doing and and from a supply
chain perspective, I think it's
brilliant what they're doing. And from a
product perspective, I think it's
brilliant what they're doing. if there
was uh one more product um they may have
taken the market share crown with it as
well. And remember we talked about them
doing new affordable vehicles and they
did we always thought I at least always
thought that they would do a larger
Model Y and a smaller a smaller Y. And
I'm not saying I'm smarter than Tesla.
I'm just saying if if from a product
positioning perspective if there was a
$30,000 vehicle in the vein of a Model
Y, um I think we'd not only be talking
about Model Y being the number one
selling vehicle, it' be the number one
selling platform and Tesla may be
selling 2 million or more cars a year
already. Um I'm not sure that that moves
the needle though, but it's just an
interesting conversation to have. So
anyway, there's two sides to this
conversation. I think if you're in
you're looking at Tesla, you're looking
at growth and you're looking at the
stock over the last five years, the AI
story has been building in the
background, but the vehicle story has
kind of stalled a bit and is slightly
down. So, these figures are good. This
helps Tesla get the gross margins that
it can garner and it helps them um it
helps them massively on the efficiency
side, but there is something to be said
with the overall EV market growing and
then Tesla's overall uh unit volume not
growing. So just something we have to
keep an eye on.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, that's a very good important point
about the uh the number of models. Uh
but that's part of the strategy, right?
Elon says okay, let's focus on one thing
but build it so good. Um make us good.
The other person who knows really well
how to build great product is Jeff
Bezos. Amazon is one of the best market
the best out there e-commerce
marketplace. He knew this 20 years ago
and he relentlessly focused on customer
service. Um so but the two of them are
amazing built amazing products uh
worldleading but they both knew that you
need to the world is changing and they
somehow knew that you needed to get into
space and Jeff Bezos is uh certainly
working on autonomous robots. Uh his his
his Amazon warehouses have the are the
most robotic companies in the world.
He's working on autonomous
transportation trying to fund some
companies. curious that he hasn't
actually bought an EV company himself.
Uh but he's certainly funding them and
he has SpaceX or his version of SpaceX.
He knows that that is something
critical. So he's probably number two in
the race to be able to you know Blue
Origin to get up there. So he was
interviewed recently uh we've shared a
few of these clips. Here's another one
where he said that he's very admir has
huge admiration for SpaceX and what
they've done. One of the things that's
amazing is you're doing this at a seems
like more a price competitive
price point than your competitors.
&gt;&gt; We have to you know this is the space
travel is a solved problem since the 60s
if you don't care about cost
&gt;&gt; right
&gt;&gt; and so what we're trying to do here is
all really about economics. We have to
build a vehicle that not only does the
mission but does it inexpensively and
that unlocks a lot of progress for
humanity if we can do that and that's
what SpaceX is working on. You know,
this people ask me some, you know, about
SpaceX and I would say I think I'm very
uh admiring of what SpaceX has done and
I want the world to have at least two
SpaceXes,
&gt;&gt; right?
&gt;&gt; You know, maybe even more great
industries are made up of many
companies.
&gt;&gt; Where do you see where you guys are
compared to where they are? And what
does your own trajectory look like? They
have the the uh Falcon 9, the the
smaller vehicle they fly, not Starship.
&gt;&gt; Falcon 9 is the most successful launch
vehicle ever created. And so it flies,
you know, more than 100 times a year.
It's highly reliable. It's inexpensive.
And so it it's a it's it's a huge
success. And so uh with regards to
Starship, so Starship is much larger
than Falcon 9. New Glenn is much larger
than Falcon 9. So, this next generation,
we're, you know, we have, we're kind of
in the
race.
&gt;&gt; We're in the race, right?
&gt;&gt; And my guess is both vehicles are going
to be successful.
&gt;&gt; When you first got involved in this
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; and somebody told you what this was all
going to cost.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; That like you would have to personally
invest the money in, right? Because
you're basically buying all of this
stuff.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; Were you like, "Oh my god, that's
crazy."
&gt;&gt; Or
&gt;&gt; no,
&gt;&gt; no. I was like, "This is a good
investment. It's long-term,
&gt;&gt; right?
&gt;&gt; It's a long-term investment." I knew
what I was signing up for in terms of
time
&gt;&gt; and how much patience it would require,
but I believed it was a very good
&gt;&gt; move faster than you thought it would or
slower.
&gt;&gt; It's moving faster than I thought it
would.
&gt;&gt; So, where did
&gt;&gt; It's moving much faster than I thought
it would.
&gt;&gt; Wow, that was a great interview. I I
like what Jeff was saying. What's your
thoughts, Jeeoff? It
&gt;&gt; was a Yeah, it was a It was a good
interview. I encourage people to watch
the whole thing. Uh I I think he's
talking about a number of things. One is
you don't need to just have one player
in an industry because that could
actually uh dampen the the total
available market of the industry if
there's just one player to go. This
comes back to the robo taxi conversation
of Tesla doesn't need to have 100%
market share to be wildly successful in
that and they won't. And I think it's
actually a good thing that there is uh
competition, but I think robo taxi will
be well well distinguished. Um he talked
about a number of things. It's a
multi-deade horizon what he started with
um Blue Origin and you're not you're not
going to get a return on those in that
investment for it's going to be measured
in in decades. But I think the
importance of it is key. And the fact he
talked about it being a solved problem
for six, seven decades. That's true. And
same thing applies to EVs as well. EVs
at one point were solved a long time ago
actually. But the ability to
economically produce something that
people want to buy has been the
challenge. And that was a challenge for
many decades with combustion engine
vehicles as well. And then that the
economics piece of that was solved. and
the economics piece of EV will be solved
as well. So there's a lot of parallels
to what he was going to to Tesla and of
course to to SpaceX as well. So I
thought was that was a really good that
was a really good interview and he is a
special entrepreneur
uh the way he approaches problems. I'
I've had a number of colleagues, direct
colleagues that have worked directly for
him and and in his companies and he will
go down, you know, he's he's a different
he's a different CEO than than Elon, but
his his approach to problem solving,
getting to the root cause of things,
having getting an organization that
works together and really thinking about
scale and thinking through scale at many
different levels, there there may not be
anybody else like him and uh Elon and
him are quite quite complimentary uh in
their skills and capability. Um but it
kind of looks like that he's trying to
like copy a SpaceX and do it, you know,
he's like he's trying to do everything
Elon is doing. But people should realize
that he is a very very special CEO and
we we're we're super lucky in the US to
have CEOs like this.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Oh, so right. So number one, I got
a lot of comments here. number one
relentless focus on grading pro uh he is
been there he was in fact arguably
before Elon right because he was
building um Amazon 1995
uh and his you know remember dot comb
where he was just kept reinvesting
because he believed in the future very
similar to you know somebody who's great
entrepreneur sees
&gt;&gt; relentless focus on cost so few
entrepreneurs uh CEOs top companies do
this and Elon is famous for this and but
so is Jeff focus on cost because what
you were saying earlier which is cost is
is so crit is part of the equation of
creating a great product. Um and then
and then his his thing about copying
well you know more more competitors
should just copy Tesla and Elon instead
they'll say no you're wrong he's proven
right you know the liar one is a very
good example the Chinese who copy him
&gt;&gt; who's who's number one and two now who's
number two and three is and and uh uh
&gt;&gt; Xiaomi and Shaong and Xiaomi why why are
they number one and two two and three
because they copied Elon as soon as
possible as he said we need to do vision
only we need to do neural nets you need
to have a supercomputer you should have
your own chip they just said okay let's
do what you're doing if more companies
did that they would be so far ahead and
so I don't feel like u Jeff Bezos is
copying Elon he's just more like he he
sees what Elon saw early on as well you
need to be in space
&gt;&gt; and there's one there's just one
parallel too between the companies you
know Amazon focuses is on reducing the
friction from you. How do how do you see
the product you want to see? Then how
can you buy it and get it to you as
quickly as possible? Like reducing the
friction along the way. Uh the prime to
prime delivery. Uh the number of clicks
involved from seeing the product to it
showing up on your door.
&gt;&gt; Not just the whole ecosystem.
&gt;&gt; Uhhuh.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. And there's a famous story of Elon
focusing on that at Tesla with the
original system to to order a car and
how many he had the number of clicks
involved and that was measured. It was
like in the 60s and he got it he tried
to he's like how long does it take to
how many clicks is it to order a pizza
and so he thinks of things in ways and
there's no reason that that purchasing a
card needed to be more involved than
what it was. So it takes a very special
CEO entrepreneur to think in this way.
But if you can reduce friction, people
will buy more of your I've sat on my
couch and ordered a Tesla before in a
few clicks. It's kind of feels weird,
but then it you know, it doesn't it's
like, okay, this is this is a much
better experience. And the last time I
went to a car dealership,
I had to help a family member buy a
combustion engine vehicle and we were
there for hours and I came out of that
experience a couple of days. All of a
sudden, I'm sniffling. I got the worst
cold because I had to sit in that
dealership for hours. It just it just
reminded me of the contrasting that
experience with buying a Tesla.
&gt;&gt; Uh I just did a show on the weekend. I
really love doing that one. It's talking
about Elon EWS, Elon Web Services, which
is, you know, again, shockingly, what is
SpaceX? Well, what is space? It's
actually an AI company. What what what
is Elon doing when when he was building
these data centers 2, three, four years
ago, he was planning to rent it out. So,
all along he had already had this idea
where you build something for yourself,
then you rent out the areas that since
you already built it, rent it out to
other competitors. Well, that is what
Amazon did with AWS. And we know that
AWS is pretty well what made the stock
skyrocket. It's the bulk of the profit.
You know, e-commerce is obviously the
base business, but AWS, we built all
these things to support e-commerce. Why
not rent it out to any business that
wants it? That's the strategy. They both
seem to follow along. Um, anyways, I
just thought that that these are that's
one of the things why I get so excited
about following these major companies is
is the business and the strategy and the
products and just brilliance of what
these guys are. These are the best
practices both of them. Um, okay. Let's
talk SpaceX. And Chamat from All-In
podcast was interviewed and he talks
about a very specific um flywheel that
he believes Elon follows as his
strategy. It's very interesting.
&gt;&gt; If I'm asking myself, Chimath, how do I
underwrite SpaceX at two trillion?
Here's the basic math that I would do.
Well, last year it did 181 19 billion.
It'll probably do 25 to 30 this year.
Okay. So, I'm buying this thing at a
fairly costly premium, right? So, what
am I buying? Well, I'm buying probably
the most important internet
infrastructure project that's happened
since the internet itself. That's going
to scale to hundreds of millions of
users. And the reason that's going to
scale to hundreds of millions of users
is it's just very useful and it's just
going to become cheaper and cheaper and
cheaper. So, that's number one. I'm
buying a delivery infrastructure. I
think over time GDP plus 10, GDP plus 15
kind of a grower. So good business,
valuable business, but it's the
underlying platform that allows
everything else to happen. And then I'm
buying an AI business, which will be at
the top level the apps, but at the
bottom layer all the compute capability.
So I suspect what happens is next year
it's probably 40 45 billion. And then
the year after that, it probably doubles
again. So then I'm buying it at 20 times
revenue. And you would say, well, why
can you buy a company like this on
revenue versus earnings and cash flow?
And I think the reason is because what
the revenue does is it gives him the
operating leverage to go and invest in
all of these other businesses that
ultimately consolidate
his differentiation and his competitive
mode because what he creates is a
capital mode that then accelerates a
technology mode that then accelerates an
execution and a learning mode. And that
flywheel when it starts to spin very
quickly and you would say, "Hey, hold on
a second. It's probably spinning quickly
now." I would say we're at the beginning
of the beginning. He still has all these
disperate assets. I still don't like the
fact that Tesla's over here. And as I've
told you, that will get merged in. And
now you have this incredible corpus of
physical capability,
movement of all kinds, X, Y, and Z,
right? That thing will look very cheap,
I think, in a few years. and he has this
one thing that nobody else. If you look
at the big CEOs, who steps on stage
where you're always curious, okay, what
has he got up his sleeve? You know, the
Steve Jobs. Oh, and one more thing. He's
the guy. Whether you like him or you
hate him, he's the guy. And there's a
premium that is welld deserved that
comes with that.
&gt;&gt; Wow. There's so much here. You and I,
God, I could spend hours talking to you
about this. It's exciting.
Curious about your reaction. It's hard
to really state it. It's hard to really
state it much much better than than what
Chamat stated. Uh he thinks of these
industries in
multi-deade
long horizons. He's he's not thinking of
what I need to do this year. And next
year, this is one of the reasons I think
Elon frustrates us on these earnings
calls because the last thing he's doing
is thinking in 90-day increments. the
the thing he's doing the most is
thinking in multi-year increments. And I
know that frustrates people, but if you
if you rewind the clock back five years
and all the investments that have been
made in infrastructure in the compute in
what now now you have Teslas that in
large scale now we're over a million
Teslas where people are paying a a
subscription for the car to to drive
itself to use Tesla AI services. So now
we have a million of about a denominator
of about four or five million vehicles
that are capable of receiving this
download using it and that's just going
to continue to grow and you know Chimath
talked about the Starlink example and
that's going to grow as costs come down
but it's also there's also this thing of
it provides internet in places that you
physically can't get internet today and
that's a huge portion of the global
population. So as that cost I mean it's
going to grow uh massively. So the
flywheel is real and you've got to be a
visionary that thinks in multi kind of
again a multi-year multi-deade
horizon. I think that's one of the
reasons Elon creates these master plans
so people can see how he's thinking and
connect all these things together. So
when you when you step back and you
watch these fintech shows on CNBC or Fox
or Yahoo or Bloomberg and they're like,
"Oh, Tesla did this in this quarter." I
mean, that's fine. Um, we don't know
what he's doing. BYD is selling more
cars. But if you really step back and
you look at the vision, investors are
thinking a different way than what these
fintech shows are preaching. And
investors are thinking uh investors are
are looking at the master plan. and
they're looking at what this guy does
over a multi-year horizon. They're not
necessarily looking at every 90-day
increment of earnings. I mean, they are.
There's no question about it. We do a
show on earnings every 90day Herbert.
So, people are definitely looking at but
the investors they're waiting they're m
the waiting when I say waiting not
waiting like waiting in line, but the
waiting of where they're putting their
dollars is actually more of on the
long-term plan than on the short-term
horizon. and in all of his companies,
that's what he's creating. And and now
it's getting back to the point where if
you step if you step back further
further and further, all of a sudden the
lines between these companies are
beginning to blur and it's like, well,
why are they different companies? And I
think that's what we're about to step
into.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. His strategy is so big in scale. I
don't know if anybody's ever done it.
Maybe you could say that the
Rockefellers of the world did this as
well because that's what they did,
right? They they they they saw when it
was time for Rockefeller, everybody was
building these um oil and they were
trying to capture the oil, but he saw
transportation and no one else had. He
bought all the railroads and then
it distribution and then when he
controlled distribution, all the other
oil companies had to buckle and sell to
him. Then he
&gt;&gt; had the hu and then he was able to lower
cost like just control the industry.
&gt;&gt; Um that seems to be Elon's strategy as
well here. Um so revenue it gives him
the operating leverage to go and invest
in all these other businesses that
ultimately consolidate his
differentiator and his competitive mode
and then he that he so what he what
because what he creates is a capital
mode. So this money that build that
accelerates a technology mode that then
accelerates an execution and learning
mode and then you just can't beat that
flywheel. Can you speak a little bit to
this flywheel because I think it's just
so brilliant. Well, I mean, it it it
really goes back to
him thinking and executing on a
multi-year
horizon and the connect the
connectivity, the the connective tissue
between these things. Uh they're linked.
You think about the supercharging
network and all the upfront investment
that was involved in building that over
so many years or a US battery supply
chain and and building that. Yes, it
started with Panasonic cells, but over
time the plan was, okay, we're going to
start with we're going to start with
level zero of the as we're going to do
the pack assembly here and then then
we're going to after pack assembly now
we're going to start doing cell assembly
here and then now we're going to develop
our own batteries with 4680s.
This is going to be
with so with with so much
electrification of things and and and
now we're seeing huge battery
installations now for AI data centers.
which we're going to talk about in a bit
that he is thinking again on a
multi-deade horizon and he's figuring
out what the bottleneck is well in
advance of other people and he's making
the big decision when the big decision
needs to be made. And sometimes the
timing doesn't always land perfectly.
And sometimes
what's obvious doesn't always happen.
Like it I think it was obvious to him
that more cars in the US should be
electrified
in, you know, 2026 than there are today.
Well, there 5 to 7% of sales now are
electric vehicles. He probably thought
that that was going to be quadruple that
or more and if not higher. So there are
some things I think that are catching
him uh offguard. But if you look back
and you step back, you double click out
one more say okay if it's not the US
then it's globally. Well globally it's
been the right it's been the right
decision. So, the other thing I think
people should keep in mind is when
you're taking this many big swings at
some of the biggest things in the world,
things that haven't been invented,
things that need to play out over a
decade horizon or more, you're going to
have some misses. And the misses will
involve either complete miss or it's
going to be a timing thing. But you have
to step back and you have to think like,
wow, is he really nailed a lot of these
with whether it's the making EVs cool
and then now making them high volume and
then the Chinese copying it now what
he's doing with Starlink and um internet
connectivity
and and what he's doing with SpaceX and
now all these companies that are trying
to copy and do rapid deployments. Um
he's it history will look back very
kindly on what he's doing today and like
our current political landscape and he's
made himself very political as well but
it'll it'll be to still be this reality
distortion field around it and and on
the one hand there'll be like they'll
over accentuate things that maybe
shouldn't be over accentuated but mostly
there's this distortion created around
him of things not going well like the
way these rocket launches are described
Even though SpaceX has a plan for that
launch, it gets described in a certain
way by the Anyway. So, but the further
you step back, just like the comment I
made about his companies and the lines
being blurred, the further you step
back, you'll realize that maybe the the
greatest innovator and business person
of all time.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. One of the questions I wish he
would answer for me is like sometimes
like u this idea that he would you would
have this uh he would say something like
here's the product and business we're in
but then there's an actual real strategy
behind it and and at current at the
right timing it shows itself and uh and
I always wanted to know did he plan that
ahead of time or was he lucky and
probably a little bit of both but he
most often he planned it ahead of time.
um Starling V3 massive capacity leap
with this success of SpaceX uh 12th
launch the Starship now they can launch
these V3s and these V3 Starlinks is huge
uh jump 10.7 times jump in you know
capability than the old V2s more
bandwidth more capacity more user serve
more global connectivity so this is
going to be a big jump and uh this is
the V3 look much larger and better
download capacity in not just 96 G
gigabytes but a thousand gigabyte like
like 10 times more. And then um Elon
said this there will also ultimately be
over 100,000 V3s, V4s, V5 satellites for
Starlink broadband and direct to cell
phone connectivity. If growth continues,
Starlink will one day carry the majority
of internet traffic. At that point, it
is the internet and everything else just
connects to Starlink. Look at that
prediction he's making. It is going to
replace the internet that we have now.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
This is gets to the cost of connectivity
and the capability of connectivity
today. If if you want to go from 500
megabits to to one gigabit to your home,
somebody's got to
&gt;&gt; drill uh fiber into the ground and then
route it to some location, some location
&gt;&gt; then needs to be controlled. Uh and then
there's central base stations need to be
built and that needs to connect to
somewhere else. And then there's all
this money and people involved. And here
this is everything's very centralized.
satellite production. These things go up
into orbit and then everything else from
there is you just going and buying a
terminal to connect to it. So,
I've I've talked about this on X for a
number of years. I don't know why the
cellular operators aren't
a little bit more concerned. And I know
they're trying to partner with Elon on
some of this as well, but this is I mean
this could be very not only internet
traffic, but all of communication
traffic
&gt;&gt; could be
&gt;&gt; could be flowing here uh through this
here at some point too. So the the
performance continues to improve, the
latency continues to improve, the
bandwidth, uh the down link speed. I the
this is this this is turning into from a
oh this is a nice backup thing to have
in case your internet goes out or if
you're going on a trip and you want this
connectivity. It's a great thing. Now it
could turn into like well this why isn't
this the primary thing? Um so it's it's
remarkable. I think he almost knew way
ahead of time 10 plus 20 years ago that
one day there will be h you know robots
everywhere. There will be autonomous
transportation everywhere. He wants to
have connectivity everywhere. Then of
course he looks at and says okay the
first principles is it has to go from
the satellite down in order to get the
cost down. you need to have, you know,
reusable rockets
and you have to have all this and
&gt;&gt; and all these people that came out, all
these these people that know absolutely
nothing, by the way, that came out and
said, "Oh, space-based data centers is
another Elon thing that and all of a
sudden the the real like the real
operators, the real the people that are
actually going to do it or fund it,
Sundar Pachai, Jeff Bezos, multiple
people are like, "No, this is going to
happen. It's just a matter of schedule.
Elon's doing an Elon time schedule where
he's trying to get there as quickly as
possible and motivate his teams. Uh, and
but we're like this is going to happen.
So now all this other ch like like
carrot Swisser like all these people
just I don't get it. Like it's just let
me like you know these people that
aren't in the arena. It's just a it's a
fascinating thing of uh I don't know
just wanting to to cr I mean you can be
critical. There's a number of things to
be critical of, but it's just
interesting to as you're a watcher of
this, whether you're an investor or you
just like watching tech, watch what the
real people do, the real capital
allocators do and what they say versus
people that are more emotional that are
just kind of on the outskirts. I I was
surprised um Sam Alman's you know him
and him him questioning this but at the
same time he's actually the word is is
he's got a number of people that are
actually looking into this and
&gt;&gt; of course
&gt;&gt; yeah all right uh so Elon knew and he's
kind of communicated one of the issues
with AI data centers is the the energy
will be one of the major bottlenecks and
uh yeah so here's Meta buying $200
million worth of Tesla's mega tech
batteries to help power their AI data
centers in Wyoming. Another example of
Tesla energy becoming critical
infrastructure for the AI boom. Nomos
again, did he know this ahead of time
when he started creating mega packs that
AI data centers really need this or was
AI data centers just came sooner than he
thought or that he needed it for himself
regardless, you know, it was just
brilliance. I think he knew he knew
ahead of time that this is where the go.
I think he knew. Well, no. I I Well,
me the mega pack business was built as a
buffer between
uh the the low generation of solar and
the the low utilization of it because
you know when it's dark and what have
you. So, how can you get how can you
increase the the utilization of that
load generation? We'll store it the
energy in batteries. I believe that's
why the mega pack and power wall
businesses were created and then there's
this arbitrage capability with um the
grid that is coming but I I believe that
now I think they kind of stumbled into
this thing with data centers and being
able to
&gt;&gt; and I think it's a real thing. I really
do and I think most of the mega the
hyperscalers are slow. I'm slow to adopt
this but it's great to see what Meta is
doing here and I think more of this is
going to happen. Uh Tesla has the best
uh battery overall battery product and
they have the most amount of scale. I
think uh EOS will have something that
could scale more in the urban settings
with their product. uh you know zinc
halhallid based chemistry and there's a
number of companies that are going to
start trying to produce that chemistry
as well because it's it's waterbased
it's it's not flammable so we're going
to need more of these in city urban
developments but yeah I think it's it's
fascinating to see that Elon started
putting mega packs next uh Cortex and
Col or yeah Colossus this was a couple
years ago and it it does take a couple
of years for it to kind of get through
that cycle
&gt;&gt; you're going to see all the other ones
do it now because what why because
you're going to take all that precious
load generation whether it's natural gas
whether it's these bloom bot whatever
and you're going to be able to increase
the utilization of it by storing that
energy and you're going to have a
cleaner cleaner source going into the
data center very consistent
&gt;&gt; so this is uh embridge and meta to build
365 megawatt 200 megawatt solar storage
project and they're buying it from Tesla
energy for the 200 megawatt uh megapac
system and then huge huge business huge
business for Tesla and I think this is
one of the reasons they're going into
longer duration storage with Houston and
the mega block
&gt;&gt; mega block. Yeah. Let's listen to what
Kathy Wood is now saying about the AI
boom
&gt;&gt; at OpenAI. I'm going to give her a shout
out because I heard her speak and she
she was saying, you know, people are
chasing GPUs. they they they're going to
be really shocked at how Agentic AI
activates CPUs uh and inference
generally activates CPUs. Uh yesterday
Lisa Sue uh provided a stat we had never
heard before. Um right now for every um
for every uh CPU there are four to five
GPUs when it comes to enabling AI. Uh
Lisa thinks it's going to go one to one
in the future. I think that has been the
sleeper and you see Intel has taken off.
In fact, we're seeing a lot of stocks
that were, you know, they were very big
in the bubble. And I just said to our
team today, I said, "What's going on?
We're going back to the future." You
know, Intel resurrecting. Yes. And
Flextronics, it's now called Flex. Boom.
&gt;&gt; Yep.
Wow. This is it. Agentic AI. And then
what's after agent? Physical AI. Elon,
of course, partnered with uh Intel to
create Terraab.
Uh he's in the game. He'll be in this
game. He's ahead of it.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. and a lot she talked about
Flextronics. So I've done a lot of
business with and I I actually built
&gt;&gt; a US factory together uh with them and
done a lot of global business with them.
People don't talk about this layer in AI
data center. They everybody wants to
talk about the chips. Everybody wants to
talk about memory, but where do those
chips and memory go once they're in a
computer? Then they need to get racked
up and those racks need to be wired and
th those rack builds are being are
happening by Flextronics, Foxcon
um are doing them. Wistron, all the all
the contract manufacturers that were the
centerpiece and still are the
centerpiece quite frankly to building
smartphones
are have set up different areas of their
business with completely different
people and some of the same people but
uh to build out these data centers. So
that's what she's talking about the
return of these companies cuz that they
were in very low margin contract
manufacturing businesses and now with
data center it's it's a much higher
margin business because you're doing
very complex integration of the cooling
systems these rack builds the power
integrate all these different things
coming together and it's giving these
opportun opportunity for these companies
to innovate as well. So yeah it's a it's
a fascinating time. Elon has been saying
that the factory is the product and that
the you know building products building
hardware real you know not just software
uh not SAS but actual physical products
is going to be important and he's got 10
20 years of experience now he's creating
everything from robots to cars computers
&gt;&gt; there's no flexronics layer with Elon's
companies yeah
&gt;&gt; it's interesting thank you so much
Jeeoff that was fun u I you know Elon
one more thing. Steve Jobs, one more
thing that is the the greatest uh
entrepreneurs in the world, Jeff Bezos.
They will pull something out of the hat.
Thank you so much, Jeff. Follow him on
his ex account, the Jeff Lots. Thanks,
everybody.
&gt;&gt; Thank you.
&gt;&gt; I've created a website that is the most
comprehensive resource for the Tesla
investor. Please check it out. Simply go
to my website at herbalm.com.