Channel:     brighterwithherbert
Title:       Tesla’s Growth Story Is Back!
URL:         https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5fYzNQDveLk
Published:   2026-07-04 13:30 UTC
Fetched:     2026-07-04 14:00 UTC

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

just delivered one of the biggest
quarters in company history. And I don't
think the market fully appreciates what
just happened. Q2 vehicle deliveries
came in at an incredible 480,000
vehicles, crushing Wall Street
expectations by roughly 60,000 units and
setting a new second quarter record.
Energy was another standout with 13.5
gatt hours deployed, continuing Tesla's
remarkable growth in mega packs.
Meanwhile, Tesla China just posted its
strongest month of 2026, and Europe has
come roaring back after a difficult
2025. Now, compare that to the
competition. While Lucid, Riven, and
Ford continue fighting for scale and
profitability, Tesla's widening the gap
in both vehicles and energy. And as Cern
Basher points out, this may be the first
time in years that nearly every major
Tesla business is improving
simultaneously. From auto deliveries to
energy, FSD, Robo Taxi, and Optimus.
Today, we'll break down exactly what
drove this blowout quarter, compare
Tesla against its closest competitors,
and discuss why this could mark the
beginning of Tesla's next major growth
cycle. We got CERN Basher here with us
today. He's a chartered financial
analyst running his own investment
advisory firm called Brilliant Advice
providing wealth management services.
Welcome, Cern.
&gt;&gt; Hi, Herbert. It's good to be here.
&gt;&gt; Okay, blowout quarter. So, did you
predict this?
Now, I don't really engage in the
prediction game. There are lots of other
people that do. Uh James Stevenson was
the one that was the closest as far as
I'm aware. I think he predicted 482,000
or something and so he was very close.
&gt;&gt; Okay. Wonderful. So, first of all, we
are publishing this on Saturday and uh
I'm going on vacation. I'll be leaving
on Tuesdays from July 7th to the 22nd.
And thank you again, CERN. You did it
last year. You're going to do it again.
You're going to host the show. I'm going
to leave it in your hands. You got a
whole week's worth of shows. You are the
host and then Larry Goldberg will take
over. So, you should start th uh
Tuesday. Well, thank you for doing that.
&gt;&gt; You're welcome. It sounds like a lot of
fun. And uh it's the return of Cernbert.
&gt;&gt; Just I hope Cernbert is a little nicer
this time around. Okay. We'll see. We'll
see what happens.
All right. Uh I'll be going to South
Korea, so I'm going to enjoy that quite
a bit. Here we go. So tell us what
happened.
&gt;&gt; Well, it was a good quarter. This was
the fourth highest quarterly delivery uh
in Tesla's history. It is the highest
second quarter delivery. Um and you can
see it's actually probably also the
biggest increase quarter over quarter.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; Um incredible uh growth from one quarter
to the next. Uh this is this is very
encouraging.
&gt;&gt; Do you have any reasons why it jumps so
much? I mean we know that the first
quarter is always historically low.
Nobody buys cars January, February. But
why did it jump so much?
&gt;&gt; Well, I think a number of things. Um
certainly the higher price of gasoline
uh helps as a demand driver. I think for
Tesla and particularly
um you know that they're the best EVs in
the market. So there's there's this
ongoing trend worldwide towards EVs.
That's an underlying trend. And in
places like Europe, that was kind of
interrupted last year in many regards
for Tesla. uh and that really seems to
be bouncing back um in places like the
United States um you know the uh lack of
incentives now um so that where that
might have helped maybe other automakers
uh position their vehicles in the market
now Tesla's competing on its own on its
own merits and is winning in the
marketplace I think the other thing
that's really important and I'm I can't
wait to learn more about this in the
conference call is the demand driver
that is FSD now uh a lot of people are
coming to Tesla to get a self-driving
car. And in order to get a self-driving
car, you have to buy the car, too. You
can't buy the software.
&gt;&gt; Gotcha. Yeah, I love it because you're
going to show us some data points on FSD
growth and uh what your expectations
are. A quick side point. Um looks like
that this growth, it looks like that
Tesla China posted its biggest month of
2026, extending its winning streak to
eight straight months of growth. that
was up 24% year-over-year, the highest
monthly total 2026 follows a 39%
year-over-year surge in May. And of
course, you really can't compare it to
last year, but still it shows you a
trend is growing and that's uh that was
China. Now, of course, they also export
to Europe and that is part of what
happened, right? There was the boost in
Europe was the big thing. Europe sales
rebounded and I think that could have
been the biggest one. France, Sweden,
Denmark, Spain, regional sales recovery.
So almost everybody, all countries went
up across the board. I guess maybe not
Norway. Uh what was this? This is
year-over-year. This is year to date. So
you can see the Norway is already at the
top of the list as far as EV adoption.
So
&gt;&gt; it's hard for them to really improve. Um
you have to remember too that in Europe
the price of gasoline is much higher
than we have here in the US. Mhm.
&gt;&gt; So that demand driver that is the high
price of fuel is just everpresent
whereas in the US I feel it kind of
comes and goes. Um so that's a big big
part of it of their success in Europe.
&gt;&gt; Okay. So let's go through more of your
data points here.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. So in this chart it's just a
quarterly uh sideby-side comparison of
production versus deliveries just to
give people some longerterm perspective.
We tend to fixate sometimes on the
difference between production and
deliveries. And sometimes when it's one
quarter if the production dece exceeds
deliveries people say oh my gosh the
demand is falling off the cliff or you
know whatever the whatever the example
is but if you look at this over um a
long period of time and if you go to the
next page um if you put the two on top
of each other this is a trailing 12
month production and deliveries there's
not a whole lot of daylight between them
the lines pretty much sit on top of each
other in other words Tesla delivers or
sells every car that they make maybe not
in that particular quarter
But o over time,
&gt;&gt; yeah, their inventory days is still
pretty low. It's in the teens, I think.
Don't know what it is exactly, but it's
the lowest, the best.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, I calculated about 16 days. Um,
and and the interesting thing about that
is when a vehicle is made in the
factory, it doesn't instantly get
delivered to a customer. And I've
calculated that there's typically about
um 3 weeks on average for a vehicle to
be delivered to a customer. So in
reality, Tesla's actually running right
now at a negative inventory days of
about two.
&gt;&gt; Basically, they've got it dialed down to
the thing. They know exactly the
purchase and then they know how to get
the car out.
&gt;&gt; It's amazing.
&gt;&gt; It's amazing. Okay, so that was a huge
thing. Why do you think that the um
before we move on just a little bit more
here, why do you think that the uh
estimates were so low? Why did they This
was the 60,000 cars is a huge gap. Yeah,
that's an interesting point. I don't
know that Wall Street really pays much
attention to Tesla at all. It certainly
didn't put much effort into those
estimates. There's a lot of people in
the community that do a far better job.
U I think Troy Teslike was at 460 and
even he was low and there are other
people with with, you know, similar
methods and so on that that were in that
ballpark. And so for Wall Street to be
way off, it's kind of shocking. But
again, the the the most knowledgeable
community around Tesla is not the
professional investor. It's been the
retail being the retail group. Um, and
it's amazing to be part of this
community because the the the depth of
knowledge and all the different corners
of Tesla's business is absolutely
amazing. Uh, not just in delivery
prediction, which is, you know, kind of
fun and kind of cool, but on the on
batteries, on all kinds of other aspects
of Tesla, it's pretty amazing. The Tesla
retail community really is like no
other. All right, let's keep going.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, so this is an interesting one, and
I wouldn't put too much stock in this
because it's it's looking at the uh
production capacity that's stated by
Tesla in their in their quarterly
reports. And you can see that there's
stair steps along the way. It's not like
a linear line. And so some of these when
you look at factory utilization
percentages, it can get out of whack. Um
you can see there in 2020, 2021, it was
flat. Then all a sudden there was a huge
jump from just over a million to almost
2 million as capacity. Since then that's
gone up and lately it's come down a
little bit because we need to adjust for
the Model S and X line being taken down.
So the state of capacity for Tesla's
factories right now is 2.25 million and
based on the trailing 12 months
production u we're at about 77% factory
utilization. Now again is 2.25 million
the right capacity number? I don't know
but that's what they're reporting to us.
Yeah, that's good. What do you think the
Model Y L is going to do now that
they've announced it's going to be um
produced because it wouldn't it wouldn't
it be in the same factories?
&gt;&gt; Yeah, and that's interesting, isn't it?
So, are they going to make less other
Model Y's or is this can they ramp up
production in some way that this is
incremental? I think that's going to be
interesting to see how that works. Um,
and I'd like to learn more about that.
Um, I'm encouraged by the fact that
they're introducing in the United
States. I'm kind of wondering, you know,
what the demand will be like for that
vehicle, but certainly there are plenty
of people that seem to want it. I've
I've heard a lot of chatter on X about
about that. Uh so I think it's
encouraging that they can do that
because it seems to be a wellreceived
vehicle, you know, globally.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. The reason I'm bringing that up is
that uh we know that Model Y is already
being sold in China and it's already
being sold in Europe. And you saw that I
just showed you that China is like, you
know, gang busters and Europe also
turned around. Mhm.
&gt;&gt; But Europe turned around so much that
Giga Berlin, this is Andre Theorig, he's
the plant manager for Giga Berlin, says
we're expanding again. So they've
increased the production from 5,000 now
to 6,200 per week starting from July.
That's another 1,000 new jobs. So, you
know, they had already increased it to
7500 per week. Um, we told the team
we're going to increase it uh starting
to ramp in October. They're hiring
another thousand. All of a sudden, just
a few months later, they come back and
goes, "Oops, we were wrong. We need to
increase it another 20%." So, listen to
this. Okay, they're increasing another
20% to 7500 vehicles per week this
October. This is in addition to the 20%
production output increase previously
announced just a few months ago. And
they said, "We're going to hire a,000."
Now, they're going to hire another,000.
The total total is going to be 3,500.
Now, that's both uh vehicle and battery
manufacturing. But my point is, why do
you think that they kind of made a
target increasing by 20% and they go,
"Oops, we missed our target. We need to
increase yet another 20%, another
thousand people." I have a feeling it's
the Model Y, but I I don't know because
Europe, you wouldn't think the Model Y
would be dominant there.
&gt;&gt; I think it's just demand in general.
Again, the fuel costs in Europe are
insane.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, that's it. Yeah.
&gt;&gt; Um, EVs are now part of the culture in
all these countries, and there's some
countries that have been lagards and
some countries that are leaders. And I
think everybody in Europe is converting
to EVs. The United States is really kind
of on the slow end of that curve
globally for a large auto market. Um, we
too will probably have a moment like
this where Tesla won't be able to keep
up with demand.
&gt;&gt; Well, I think that's what's happening.
That's why I think that your chart that
you just showed where you've got the
utilization
um that's now and that's no Model Y. So,
I think you know in the United States
I'm expecting the Model Y to be a gang
buster. Now, whether or not it uh what
do you call it? Uh cannibalizes the
Model Y, for sure. Some
&gt;&gt; some
&gt;&gt; I don't I think it's a Yeah,
&gt;&gt; but the good news about that is it's a
cannibalization potentially, but it's at
a prem more of a premium price.
&gt;&gt; Yeah,
&gt;&gt; that's the ideal cannibalization to have
is replace something that's at a lower
price with something that's at a
slightly higher price.
&gt;&gt; Well, you are on fire today, Cern. Did
you get your rest? You slept last night.
A little
&gt;&gt; couple hours sleep last night.
&gt;&gt; Just a couple hours. seem to know what
you're talking about. Okay.
&gt;&gt; Um I love these charts. Uh this is the
cumulative uh production for Tesla since
the beginning of time. They are now
knocking on the door of 10 million. Um
they are at 9.861
million in production. And the next
chart Herbert is deliveries. They're at
9.721
million deliveries. So sometime in Q3
both of these curves will cross 10
million. My fearless prediction is that
production will cross 10 million on July
29th at 2:33 p.m. Eastern Central time.
Um, and and deliveries, one lucky
customer will be the 10 millionth uh
customer
&gt;&gt; August 26th at uh at 4:20 p.m. Central
time.
&gt;&gt; If you want to be the 10 million, when
would you have to order? So, if you told
me it was 16 days, could I go that way?
Could I do that?
&gt;&gt; Good question. That's going to be
interesting game. And and what a lucky
person to be the 10th millionth Tesla
buyer.
&gt;&gt; Oh, they'll do something. They'll do
something.
&gt;&gt; I hope they do. I hope they do.
&gt;&gt; I I predict there'll be a customer in
Australia that is the one that'll be the
10th millionth.
&gt;&gt; Okay. First of all, you've been pretty
accurate when you come to the short term
and you're calculating you you you've
been pretty good about that. So, you are
now saying August 26th and for the 10
millionth deliveries.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. and July 29th for production. Give
or take a few days, a few hours.
&gt;&gt; I can get the production one. I can get
that one because that's like clockwork.
I don't know about the deliveries, but
okay.
&gt;&gt; The beautiful thing about these
predictions, Herbert, if I get it right,
people will remember. If I get it wrong,
no one's going to remember. So,
&gt;&gt; no one remember. Okay. Well, maybe I'll
take a clip and just
&gt;&gt; Right.
&gt;&gt; All right. So, August, I mean, we're
talking next month, man. That's next
month. 10 millionth. Are you do you
think that that's Yeah, it sounds great,
but is that below expectations?
&gt;&gt; Well, it's below expectations in terms
of where the company said that they
would be, you know, all those years ago.
And of course, a lot has happened since
then. And you can blame Tesla if you
want, but you can also blame other
things that have happened, the the the
tariffs, the the changing in EV
incentives,
&gt;&gt; you know, all kinds of stuff, right, has
changed for the company. And also a
shift towards autonomy. uh the focus now
instead of coming up with new models is
cyber cab and that will do far more for
people uh in the US and globally to
reduce their transportation cost than it
would be to sell them a lowcost model
car that they have to drive.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Do you uh do you believe and I
believe this which is very it was
written in the Walter Eisenstein book
Elon made a decision right that we're
going to go autonomy now which means
that I'm not going to build Giga Mexico
pulled back of course there was also the
recession there was also the interest
rates all that was an issue then he said
we're not going to create a model 2
we're not going to create that lower
small compact car because we're going to
do the subc cab and we're just going to
go do the cyber cab and that's it we're
just it's hell or high water. Now, that
probably and did impact sales. We had he
sold less cars and everybody's freaking
out because they were expecting more
cars. And so, yes, their decision not to
sell a new variant of car and you know
how they even promised that there will
be two more affordable vehicles. I think
even those two were then pulled off the
table too. So, initially there was a a
compact car, $25,000 and less. Even Elon
was promoting that at one point. Yeah.
&gt;&gt; Then it became, "No, we're not doing
that anymore, but we're going to have
two more affordable vehicles." They
showed it earnings call. Then they don't
do that. I think it's because he
basically said, "We are going to go all
in."
&gt;&gt; I think that's right. And Elon is very
uh skilled, adept at adjusting the
company on a dime when he sees things
change. And he usually in hindsight has
been spot on. He was the one calling for
for the recession and auto sales kind of
a year before it happened. He was
warning about it. And a lot of people
were saying, "What's he what's he
talking about?" And lo and behold, he
was right. So, he has a an an eye and
ear for all this for all this. And um I
think he made the right decision.
Although in the near term, it's
certainly been been tough.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; It's painful for us investors because uh
people want why don't you build more
cars? But uh the reality is we're going
through Roll with Taxi now. All right.
Quarterly deliveries 10 million. It's
coming.
&gt;&gt; So this is where we get into a little
speculation. And so this is my chart
that shows the active FSD subscriptions.
All the data on this chart was uh
provided by Tesla. That's the dark blue
numbers. Okay. The number at the top is
what I would like to see for this
quarter. That is not yet reported. We
don't we won't yet know this number
until they report on July 22nd. The
light light blue numbers are kind of
where I filled in the gaps from what
Tesla has so far shared with us. Okay.
So only the dark blue on this is actual
numbers. um they've really just started
reporting these FSD subscription
numbers. So I would like to see total
FSD subscriptions of 1.6 million. That
would be up from 1.28 in the first
quarter. That would be an increase of
320,000. So of the 480,000
vehicles that were sold, a good portion
of those got FSD, but also you can get
more FSD subscriptions from existing
vehicle owners, not not just the new
ones this quarter. So that would be a
320,000
subscriber increase in one quarter. That
would be a big number. I I would be very
impressed if they did this.
&gt;&gt; You're guessing at this, right? Like
&gt;&gt; this is this is a this is what I would
like to see. Yes.
&gt;&gt; Okay.
&gt;&gt; I'm not predicting this. I'm just saying
I'd like to see this. This would be
amazing.
&gt;&gt; Okay. I mean, we did hear say he said
that the FSD subscription is going I
can't remember his words, but it's like
gang busters or something like that that
it was some sort of very very bullish
about the fact that it's being adopted
significantly.
&gt;&gt; So, this is me trying to channel what
Lars means. And if it means 1.6 million
in total, here's what it looks like on
the chart.
&gt;&gt; Okay. Now if you go to the next page, it
would mean that the uh total take rate
if you look at the active FSD
subscriptions versus the cumulative
deliveries of almost 10 million vehicles
would be up to 16.5%.
&gt;&gt; And you can see that that would be a
meaningful uptake from Q1, which was a
meaningful uptake from Q4 last year. So
I might be optimistic on this. If I am,
that's fine. But I'm just showing here
what what would be amazing if if they
did achieve this. Well, the 10 million
cars uh have a lot of very old cars,
right? 2012 and so forth.
&gt;&gt; And then of course they have a lot of
hardware three cars
and you really, you know, you can get
FSD in hardware 3 cars, but it's not
very good. It's the version 12. I mean,
it's okay, but it's not uh perfect. I
mean, it's actually pretty good. I wrote
it in LA and I was shocked how good it
was, but it's certainly not that big
leap of 14 where you felt like it's
solved. But now that 14 light comes in,
now this is Q2. You're you're basically
saying this is what's happened already,
not what's about to happen.
&gt;&gt; What's about to happen, I think, is
going to be even more amazing than this
in Q3 and maybe particularly Q4
&gt;&gt; as it reta as it pertains to hardware 3
vehicles.
&gt;&gt; Yeah,
&gt;&gt; this is just just AI4 vehicles.
um from new buyers of the 480 that that
purchased, let's say half of them got
FSD and then a whole bunch of existing
vehicle owners u that brought cars in
previous quarters decided now to get FSD
because they've heard it's so amazing
they've experienced it, they're now
subscribing to it.
&gt;&gt; Yep.
&gt;&gt; So this is the cumulative take rate.
Let's look at what the incremental take
rate would be. It would be 37%.
So if Lars said that, you know, it's
amazing that the FSD take rate,
&gt;&gt; this is the kind of number to me that
would correlate to something like that,
&gt;&gt; right? That 37% of the buyers of the
vehicles delivered this quarter also
subscribe to FSD.
&gt;&gt; Again, this is you guessing this number
though, right?
&gt;&gt; Correct.
&gt;&gt; And and what did you do? Just took a
look at this slope and said, "What
happens if it goes up?"
&gt;&gt; I had my methods, Herbert, but it is a
pure guess.
I know. You took a ruler and you just
like did that. Okay, that's what you
did.
&gt;&gt; There's some voodoo involved. There's
all kinds of weird weirdness involved in
terms of coming up with this number, but
basically I think the best way I can
explain it is this is what would be in
my opinion what I'd like to see and what
I would consider to be pretty amazing.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Again, not a prediction, but just,
you know, hearing what they're saying
about it that FSD is now a demand driver
and and hearing what Lars said about how
an incredible demand driver it is. This
would kind of correlate to those kinds
of statements.
&gt;&gt; The only concern I have is the hardware.
Oh, I see. Cuz because Yeah, because
because AI4 is available in both Model
3, Model Y's. It really is now
&gt;&gt; very capable. It's very, very good. This
is incremental FSE take rate. Yeah.
&gt;&gt; And I and I think this right this is a
right number that would be um
appropriate number. I don't expect it to
be more than 50%.
&gt;&gt; Oh
&gt;&gt; and uh and I don't expect it to be you
know yeah this is a good this is
actually would be a shocking number
honestly.
&gt;&gt; It's this is about a third to 40% in
that range. It seems reasonable with
what we're hearing what we're seeing. I
personally think you would be it would
be silly to buy a Tesla and not get FSD
because that is an amazing feature
uh and probably a life-saving feature
for many people. So why would you buy a
Tesla and not get FSD and the
incremental amount that you're paying
you know $99 a month? It's it's just I
don't know. It just seems to me that
you're getting so much for that
incremental dollar.
&gt;&gt; Mhm. Nice. Okay.
&gt;&gt; Okay. So let's not forget energy.
This was the second highest uh
deployment quarter ever for energy. Uh
13.5
uh gawatt hours deployed. Now the
challenge with this business is this is
so lumpy and you can see in this chart
it goes up and down like crazy. The
trend is certainly going in the right
direction. Um, I actually expected more
this quarter, but it's impossible to
forecast because the deployment number
hinges upon Tesla's ability to uh have
these units turned on and active and
that's not in their control.
So, it may well be that Q3 this year is
a bigger number or Q4, who knows? But
it's headed in the right direction. Uh,
this is a great business. Um and if you
look at the next chart, the trailing 12
months uh storage deployed now is 49
gawatt hours,
which is pretty amazing. This is a new
high.
Okay, so this is this is smoothing out
some of the quarter toquarter average.
Some people look at this chart and say,
"Oh, growth is has slowed." Well, let's
let's give it another quarter and see
where this line is.
Okay. And then a chart that I like is
the uh cumulative storage deployed. We
are approaching 140 gawatt hours. I
think it's 132 right now,
which is which is a lot. Um so that's
encouraging. Um
and then if you look at the next one,
this is compared to what I estimate the
capacity to be. Now Tesla in the last
quarterly report I think actually
brought down the capacity of the China
mega pack factory. I stuck with the old
number because if they had they stated
that was the capacity once. I don't
think they've taken anything out of that
factory. Uh maybe everything is not
quite operational yet but basically
they're they're using about 54% of their
state capacity before that adjustment to
the China megapac facility. Um, now we
are comparing deployments here to
capacity. Ideally, we should be
comparing production to capacity, but we
don't have the production numbers. So,
for all we know, the production versus
capacity is a lot higher than this. What
we're looking at is a very lagging
number of deployments. And of course,
it's a 12-month average we're looking at
here, too. So, this is, you know, an
imperfect measure. over time. I think
it's it's helpful to look at, but um you
know, I don't think you should say that
they're only using 50% of their
capacity. I don't think that would be an
accurate statement.
&gt;&gt; Well, well, let's just go through it.
You got Lethrop at 40 gigawatts per
year.
That's uh that's already at scale.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; And then Houston or sorry, China, what
what's your estimate of China? Is that
at scale at 40? But although some people
are saying that that can go up.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. But I think then they bring that
down to a lower number in the last uh
earnings tech. Uh and I'm not sure if it
was 20 or 25, something in that range.
&gt;&gt; So it's still ramping
&gt;&gt; apparently.
&gt;&gt; Okay.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. And this is again Yes. This is
before Houston and and the mega block
capacity.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. When is Houston Q3, right? Yeah,
&gt;&gt; I think so.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Yeah.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; And it's going to be mega blocks. Okay.
So this is good. I'm happy given the
fact that uh you got a you know a
factory and a half. You're gonna get
China up to speed and then all of a
sudden Houston's up and that's going to
get going and by next year that'll be up
and then guess what? They'll announce a
new one, new mega pack factory.
&gt;&gt; And again, this deployment number seems
to be a very laggy number.
&gt;&gt; There there may well be Megapex that
they produce a long time ago. They
shipped them to the customer site, but
because it's not turned on and
operational, they're not counting as
deployed yet.
&gt;&gt; I like this chart uh from Roland Poli.
Roland Poli on X. At Polei on X,
sorry, Roland Percher and he's at Poli
on X. So just this beautiful table here,
2025. Here is second quarter. So like
you said, it's the largest second
quarter ever.
&gt;&gt; And that's great. Uh the first quarter
was below expectation compared to
certainly the first quarter last year.
Uh second quarter now has put the first
half ahead of last year's first half.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. And then we've got the red and the
blue bars to add. And I I'm optimistic
that Q3 and Q4 are going to be pretty
strong.
&gt;&gt; And then this is this is what I'm
saying. I mean, if we're 40 40 gigawatt,
that's with
almost well. Okay. Sorry. That's
production, not implementation and and
all. Okay.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. But that's a nice way of
displaying it kind of stacking the
quarters like that. So, another thing
that I like to do, Herbert, when I put
my charts together is sort of look at
the combined businesses as either, you
know, um, uh, an auto business or an
energy business. So, here's here's my
analysis of looking at Tesla as just an
auto business. So, they've got the cars,
got the EVs, and the trailing 12 months
deliveries is 1.753 million. And you can
see that that's kind of flatlined now
for the last 3 years. The peak on this
was 1.808. Okay, so they're they've
gotten to a certain level, kind of
plateaued. Um, that's the car business.
Okay, but you've also got mega packs or
the energy business. And we can convert
the energy deployed into EV equivalents.
And I'm using 75 kwatth uh battery packs
as my conversion. And so this quarter uh
over the last 12 months, it results in
653,000
vehicle equivalents. That is the energy
business. If you can if you consider
those to be cars. Okay. Picture the mega
pack with wheels, right? Um that's how
many vehicle equivalents that the energy
business is producing. So pretty
sizable.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; 653,000 if you're only making 1.8.
That's close to half. Almost getting
there.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; And then what I'd like to do is combine
the two. And what's interesting about
this, they hit a record
&gt;&gt; number of energy EV equivalents.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; Over the last 12 months of 2.406
million, a new high. Now, you could say
the growth isn't that great over the
last three years, but nonetheless, this
is a new high in total energy EV
equivalents. If you converted everything
to a car, that's great. That's that's
some progress at least, right? It's not
like they're not making progress. I know
people are frustrated about the auto
business. Energy is is doing great and
the whole company if you if you look at
these two together is making progress
and I think this curve is going to be
really interesting to watch particularly
as we ramp up Cyber Cap and ramp up
Optimus. This is going to be really fun
to to track this number
&gt;&gt; because you've got EV equivalents for
both of those.
&gt;&gt; We I'll calculate that. Yeah.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Now the other way to look at this
Herbert is to treat everything as a
battery. Look at the energy equivalence
instead of EV. So in this case I'm
converting cars to gawatt hours. So the
auto business has delivered 132 gawatt
hours of energy over the last 12 months
and the energy business has delivered
deployed 49 gatt hours of energy. Okay.
So the culmination of that I think was
what 181. Uh again that's a new high. So
depending on whether you want to look at
this as a car business or a battery
business, here's here are the two ways
of looking at that combined.
&gt;&gt; What about profitability or revenue?
&gt;&gt; Well, that information will come with
the quarterly report. Uh unfortunately,
we we can't make any new statements
about that until we get those numbers on
July 22nd.
&gt;&gt; Okay.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. But the energy business has been
more profitable, I think, on a on a
kilowatt hour basis than the car
businesses.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. But by but the mar right the
margins on energy the gross margins are
much higher right now in energy than
they have been in the car business. And
then this is looking at cumulative.
So we are getting very close to one
terowatt hour of energy deployed by
Tesla over its lifetime. That's a big
number. Uh I think we'll get there in
the next let's say three quarters
something like that. Okay. So that'll
probably be a 2027 event.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. What month? What hour?
&gt;&gt; I need to calculate that. Good question.
Um, for now I would guess u Valentine's
Day in 2027.
&gt;&gt; There you go. Bloody bloody bloody
Valentine's. All right. Um, I like the
way that you do that that I really do
appreciate that that you compare it
because um, people think of Tesla as a
car company despite the fact that energy
is significantly contributor and then
uh, margins. But if you just go ahead
and pretend they're cars, here's how
many cars we would have sold. If you
pretend they were all batteries, here's
what we would have done. I really like
that. Yeah. Puts everything in
perspective. The company's growing
because it's not just cars, it's cars
plus energy and two together means it's
growing.
&gt;&gt; I think eventually we may look at it as
a compute company and we can analyze it
on that basis.
&gt;&gt; Nice. Smart. I see you.
&gt;&gt; Particularly when you put optimist,
&gt;&gt; you did definitely slept last night. Oh
my gosh.
&gt;&gt; And of course the mega pod as well,
right? That'll just be a measure of
compute.
&gt;&gt; Banger after banger here. uh you know
the difficult part I think for Elon and
the team is deciding where to put the
resources the the battery for example or
the compute because you know one can
make you more money than another and
maybe you know what I mean like maybe
they'll go I don't need to sell cars
anymore I'm going to have it all cyber
caps number one that's one decision
another one is forget the cars I'm going
to take that battery and make them
megapods
or AI data centers you know
&gt;&gt; yeah I think the answer is all the above
because at different points in time that
are all valuable, they're all needed. We
will need transportation. Um, yes, cyber
cab I think will be the most profitable
part of the auto business and robo taxi
obviously. Um, but you know, there are
some people that are going to want to
drive vehicles. And maybe the gateway
the gateway drug to cyber cab is to buy
an EV.
&gt;&gt; You get comfortable owning an EV, you
ride a Cyber Cab, you eventually get rid
of your EV and sell it to somebody else.
So,
&gt;&gt; you think it's the opposite? It's the
opposite. You decide to take a cyber cab
and it's a Tesla Model 3 or you go,
"This is a Tesla. That cyber cab." Okay.
Then you check out their cars and you
go, "Oh man, I better buy it because it
drives itself."
&gt;&gt; Maybe. Maybe it's both. Um I think as
long as you've got the capital to do it,
you do it. If you have to make a
decision like for example, where do we
build the first 1 million robots and you
say, "Do we build a new factory or do we
repurpose an existing factory?" Then you
get to those capital allocation
decisions where you cancel the SNX and
you know the SNX made Tesla money.
&gt;&gt; That's a good example right there. Did
it make good money? Because I mean there
were tiny numbers under 20,000.
&gt;&gt; They were making profit. The question is
is it is it material and it really
wasn't.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. But that's a good example right
there. They got rid of SNX as badly as
they don't want to because they're you
know important products. They got rid of
them. Move on.
But you could argue like like the Tesla
shop. Why do they bother with the Tesla
shop? That's not a needle mover for
anybody. But it just enhances the brand.
You got people wearing clothes around,
right?
&gt;&gt; But they're not.
&gt;&gt; If anything, it's a money loser. Yeah, I
get.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; Um Yeah, I can see the one day that
people like, you know, our great
grandchildren will look back and goes,
"What? Tesla was a car company?" It's
like there's some funny companies like I
don't know I can't name them but like
Philillips used to be a typewriter
company or something like that like when
it first started you know like well I
think IBM was but you know what I'm
saying like it was like some weird thing
where when it first started like I think
Samsung was some sort of rickshaw
company you know something ridiculous.
&gt;&gt; Well I think I think the classic one in
in today's memory is Amazon as a book
company.
&gt;&gt; Sure.
&gt;&gt; And yeah they still sell books but but
no one's going to really think about
that. you know, how how many books do
you buy on Amazon now versus everything
else that you spend money on there?
&gt;&gt; Yeah, probably more groceries than books
at this point.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; Um, talking about the car company, let's
just round it up because Q2 came out and
you've got um Lucid reporting 4,000
vehicles in Q2
&gt;&gt; up 20%. They produced 4,000 4,700
vehicles in the same period. Lucid also
or delivered 4,000 but they deliver they
produce 4,700. Lucid has also announced
that the company's replacing a CFO
this guy goes well they also said their
sales were limited by supply chain
issues again. That's their that's their
favorite answer. They're losing a
billion dollars. Um I want them to
succeed. I really do. Um, you know, but
just my
&gt;&gt; Tesla's showing us this EV business is
so difficult as as frustrated as we are
that, you know, Tesla's not selling 20
million vehicles a year or whatever. Um,
it's just a hard business and there's a
lot of things that have gone on um at
the company level that makes it
difficult, but also just at the economy
and the global level, supply chain
disruptions that I suppose that's a real
thing. Now, there's things you can do,
and I think Laura's talked about that in
your interview with them. You've got to
anticipate the stuff and not everybody's
good at that anticipation. Like Lars
said, you got to anticipate a fire in
the tire factory or a fire in wherever
or earthquake somewhere. All these
things just happen all the time. And so
it's a weird one-time thing, but for
these companies with their complex
supply chains, it's happening over and
over again every single quarter,
something somewhere. And that's hard for
a small company to navigate. It's
probably a little easier for a company
like Tesla.
&gt;&gt; That's a good point. I I want to just
point out that you know that in that Q2
Lucid McGuff sold 4,000 cars and here's
Rivian selling 12,000 cars in Q2 up 14%.
Um
you know and uh Ford sold 9,000 EVs in
Q2. Now those are EVs so I get you. But
I'm just saying that, you know, when you
compare these guys to Tesla selling
460,000
480,000, it's um it's not even the same
ballpark really.
&gt;&gt; It's not even close. And with Ford, if
you just bring that chart back up again,
you know, it's a 40% decline.
Um so, you know, the Mach E 31%
year-over-year decline. The F-150
Lightning discontinued, you know,
&gt;&gt; because we lost the um we lost the
incentive, right?
&gt;&gt; Yeah. And so that was tough. Even with
the incentive, they weren't making
money. They were losing a ton of money,
but this makes it even worse. And so
their commitment to this is going to be
severely challenged. I I don't think
that Ford's going to continue to make
EVs. I don't see how they can.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; Which is unfortunate. It really is. And
same with Rivian. I'm I'm glad to see
Rivian's raising their guidance. That's
great. I think they make beautiful
vehicles. A lot of people like them, but
longterm I'm really worried about them
in terms of surviving as a company
&gt;&gt; specifically because they were we had
the EV race. Here's Tesla, then you've
got all them all the current companies
trying to make EVs, the Chinese and so
forth. Tesla comes and then these guys
are struggling with EVs and yet now
Tesla's going to roll out full
self-driving. It's already reached a
point where it's becoming you believe
it's a demand driver. It certainly will
be a demand driver if it wasn't this
quarter within two quarters especially
when you start seeing cyber cabs
everywhere. So maybe give it give it six
months, give it a year from now. What
are these car companies going to do when
somebody's about to buy a car now? I it,
you know, it's going to take a while for
everybody to even realize this is the
case. It's happening. But it that is a
transition we're headed. 2 3 years from
now, somebody goes to buy a car, they're
going to go, "Does your car self-drive?"
They'll try to fool you and they might
trick you. But
&gt;&gt; it's also puzzling to me. I don't I
don't get this because Rivian actually
has positioned themselves very well.
Their vehicles are different than what
Tesla offers. It's a different lineup.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; They're not even competing for the same
customer for the most part. Okay. But
Rivian yet has made the decision to
create self-driving software on their
own. As an outside observer, anybody
would any paying any attention would
recognize how difficult this has been
for Tesla. And EV has the hubris at this
point to go it alone and figure this out
on their own. I don't know what they're
thinking.
Why wouldn't they have gone to Tesla
years ago and said, "Hey, we want to
license this. Help us out." Tesla would
have gladly have done it. I just don't
know at this point why they're sinking
dollars into developing this themselves.
I I don't I don't know that they can get
there. They might they might get a nice,
you know, sort of supervised assistance
kind of system, but they're not going to
get all the way to fully autonomous
where Tesla is anytime soon.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, I I get what you're saying because
I think Rivian is not just words. So I
think 90% of the automakers out there
are words. They're just saying that we
actually do this so that their customers
believe that they're in the game and
they're the leader or they they it's
coming so don't don't drop the brand yet
kind of thing. It's just words because
they don't really have a program. But
Rivian I think was chosen by some other
company to you know to be its partner.
Right.
&gt;&gt; Well Amazon originally for the delivery
truck and that was a very successful
program.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. They made was it 90,000 or 100,000
delivery trucks for Amazon. Fantastic.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; Um but on the the vehicle side,
beautiful vehicles. I I think they're
great. They look cool. A lot of people
like them. But on the self-driving
front, I'm sorry. Like where where's
everything that Tesla has built? Where
where's their supercomputers? if they
think they can shortcut that at this
point by using Nvidia chips or whatever
it may be. Maybe maybe to some degree,
but that long tail that Tesla has had to
go through now to to really FSD.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, but let's say if you're trying to
raise money and you don't have this
exciting thing, we're also going to have
our own self-driving and we are a second
leader something that
&gt;&gt; Well,
&gt;&gt; you're not going to raise the money.
&gt;&gt; I hope I'm wrong. I hope they figure it
out. That would be great for them. I
just don't see it happening because this
again this road for Tesla has been
longer than anybody expected and for
Rivian to think that they can somehow
shortcut that it's going to be tough.
&gt;&gt; Is the $99 a month enough revenue for
Tesla?
&gt;&gt; It depends, I think, how you view that.
Um, in my view, you've got a life-saving
technology. I would want to see it put
out to the masses as cheaply as
possible.
&gt;&gt; Oh, I gotcha. Okay.
&gt;&gt; Right. Or you could try to maximize your
profit and charge more. Fine. Maybe you
could, but this is a life-saving
technology. Ultimately, the game, I
think, is autonomous vehicles. Again, as
I said, if this is like the gateway drug
to autonomous vehicles and get people
used to self-driving vehicles, then
that's great. It serves its purpose. I
don't think long time long term FSD
revenue for Tesla is going to be huge
anyway.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; And as I've showed in my cyber cab
model, Tesla can make money in three
ways. They can charge for the car if
they're selling it to somebody. they can
charge for FSD or they can charge more
or less per mile and the take rate and
all that stuff. All those variables that
they have and the FSD part you can you
can put that at zero and Tesla is still
massively profitable. So in my view FSD
is you should just price it so that
you're driving demand with it that that
people see that it's the safest thing
and if I want to be in the safest car in
the world it has to be a Tesla because
it has FSD. I think that if it replaces
insurance, car insurance so you know
once they get there and I know that uh L
um um
you know companies well Tesla's offering
insurance here in Washington state
coming soon where I live in a month or
by September October let's knock on wood
there but they have two price points one
is uh insurance for just regular car
insurance but another one is if if
you're using FSD so they're starting to
copy Lemonade. Yes,
&gt;&gt; Lemonade is already saying it's 50% off
if you use FSD. So, depending on, we'll
see what the numbers are, but if they
come back and they truly are 50% off or
even, you know, eventually 90% off or
something like that, that $100 of cost
of FZE is really just made up by the
reduction in insurance. And then it's
pretty well free.
&gt;&gt; If you wanted to, if they were licensed
to sell insurance in all states, you
could just make that part of your
insurance package, right? you you buy
Tesla insurance and as part of that FSD
is included and that's great for Tesla
because it makes their vehicles that
much safer and less likely to to be
inclusions.
&gt;&gt; I think that was the plan. But then uh
the part I'm very um you know
conservative on pessimistic on is this
idea that they're going to allow us
customers to put our car into as robo
taxis.
&gt;&gt; I think that won't be until late next
year if not two years from now. But
&gt;&gt; I think it may take longer. I do think
it solves a long-term problem in terms
of building out a massive
infrastructure. If you can distribute
charging and cleaning, then that's
really wise you don't need as much
infrastructure in a particular city,
right? Because when you run the numbers
on what kind of, you know, car wash
facilities they need or how many tire
changes they're going to have to do on
massive fleets in these cities, it you
get some big numbers. It's a lot of
infrastructure to build out. So, the one
way to shortcut that is to distribute it
to to individual owners. charge it home.
The person is responsible for cleaning
it once a day or whatever it is. Or
maybe not. Maybe Tesla has a cleaning
facility that the car goes through
before it goes home. We'll have to see
how that plays out, particularly if they
have robots. That would make sense. Um,
but that helps Tesla reduce their
capital cost. Um, it also, as I've said
many times, I think it helps inoculate
Tesla against the political risk of a
company having a monopoly on
transportation.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. If you bring millions of
individual owners into the into the fold
and they become part of this Tesla
network, now you've got a voting block
of people that are financially
benefiting that can go to the government
and say, "Hey, don't mistreat Tesla.
You're messing with our incomes." That's
a smart move in my in my book.
&gt;&gt; I think that makes sense.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; Okay. Thank you so much, CERN. That was
fantastic. I appreciate that. Um Yeah,
this is good. you covered a lot of
ground and uh I like the way you have
different thinking about how you look at
the sales. I think important that people
follow it the way you do.
&gt;&gt; Thanks everybody.
&gt;&gt; Thanks Herbert.
&gt;&gt; I've created a website that is the most
comprehensive resource for the Tesla
investor. Please check it out. Simply go
to my website at herbert.com.