Channel:     futureaza
Title:       Tesla’s Roadster Might Be Hiding A Bigger Secret
URL:         https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sNva2Ok5158
Published:   2026-09-19 12:00 UTC
Fetched:     2026-09-19 13:00 UTC

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

So, my theory of why they're doing the
Roadster is they want to show you a
flying car or a hovering car because
that's cool and it's a halo product.
But, I think more importantly, I think
there's a new business that they're
working on and I think it's drones. I
think it's flying robots in different
form factors. So, think about that,
right? You've got the humanoid robot
that walks along, then you've got the
vehicle robot that drives on streets,
you got the boring robots, the ones that
dig under the ground and drives
underground. Then you're going to have
flying robots.
&gt;&gt; Roadster event is coming 10:01 is the
same upside down as backwards as
frontwards. It is a very clever number,
but doesn't mean anything. And the real
question is
&gt;&gt; [music]
&gt;&gt; Roadster, why they even build it? I
don't know, but we're going to find out.
I got Herbert joining me from brighter.
He's going to make us precisely that as
he does so well. I'm Brian, welcome to
Future Usa.
&gt;&gt; [music]
[singing]
&gt;&gt; So, Herbert, the
the Roadster is going to be debuting
shortly. And while we don't know what it
definitely is going to be,
we are reasonably confident in
excitement guaranteed.
Whatever that means in this case. I'm
seeing a lot of people very upset about
what it definitely is who have no way of
knowing what it definitely is. Is it
this? I don't know. That looks pretty
cool.
You know, there's a lot of things it
could Is it this? Maybe. You know, is it
Is it this? No, but you should.
&gt;&gt; [laughter]
&gt;&gt; You need to subscribe.
That is You can also support the
channel. There's a bunch of things you
can do.
This
You love it. This is a This is I like
this one because it has an air scoop.
And you say And you And you say, "An air
scoop? It's not naturally aspirated."
Maybe that's to recharge the cold gas
thrusters. We don't know. We have no way
of knowing. Uh but we're very excited
anyhow you slice it. A little older one,
I like it still. I'm appreciating the
cyber glass is already pre-Franz von
Holzhausen.
So that's a lot of fun. We know why they
unveiled it. It was an exciting product.
It seemed to make sense at the time. Uh
but then they really put it on the back
burner. Does it even make sense to
release it now?
&gt;&gt; I don't think so.
&gt;&gt; Unless there's a big unless and I'll
share what that is later. But right now,
so obviously uh most
uh car companies, most companies want to
have a halo product. Something so cool
that elevates their brand, elevates uh
their technology, elevates who they who
people think of them. And so every car
company has supercars, right? Or they
they you know, they show is my concept
car that we're going to create and then
they never do it. But then they do try
to have that. And the Roadster, that is
a way Elon has positioned it that this
is our supercar. This is our, you know,
shows you what we're capable of.
So that is I think what it is. Now
number two,
you know, he can't help himself.
&gt;&gt; [laughter]
&gt;&gt; We have We have SpaceX on one side. We
have Tesla on the other side. Everybody
keeps asking for, you know, you know,
somebody asked for a joke, right? Which
is why he always says Peter Thiel once
asked him and said, "Hey, how come we
don't have flying cars?" And here we
have these, you know, incredible
Instagram filters and yet we don't have
flying cars. What's happened to the
future? So in one way he wants to show,
"Hey, I can build you the future
because, you know what? I can do this."
So it could be just a joke. But SpaceX
and Tesla collaborating together to
build this product. As we know, there's
a lot of reasons why they've already
working very closely together and that's
one. But what when when you do something
ridiculous like let's say send a man to
the moon
and spend billions of dollars with
computer the advanced computers at the
time, which is, know, crap compared to
us now, but at the time
&gt;&gt; Yes.
&gt;&gt; and the risk and all that. It's a Why
did they do that? Well, it's cool.
We went to the moon.
But, it's also rocket technology
that's important for warfare, and that's
why there was a race against the
commies, the Russians.
This is like, we can't let another the
communist country shows superiority and
then build the technology that can wipe
us out.
But, at same time, as you know, every
time they did this, they created a, you
know, NASA and all that, it comes up
with many technologies that
you wouldn't have been able to do, like
the GPS that our cell phones have.
So, really, it's connected to the the
space race. And there's a lot of these
examples. And so, my theory of why
they're doing the roadster is they want
to show you a flying car or a hovering
car because that's cool and it's a halo
product. But, I think more importantly,
I think there's a new business that
they're working on, and I think it's
drones. I think it's flying robots in
different form factors. So, think about
that, right? You've got the humanoid
robot that walks along. Then, you've got
the vehicle robot that drives on
streets. You got the boring robots, the
ones that dig under the ground and
drives underground. Then, you're going
to have flying robots.
And I think that they're going to have
drones of all sorts of sizes. And I
think that this this technology can do
it. Now, you need thrusters instead of
just propellers. Maybe I'm completely
wrong, but maybe they learned something
about aerodynamics. Like, of course,
you're not going to need It's overbuilt
for drones. Overbuilt for drones. So,
yeah, it's probably not right. I I get
that, but it's um there's technologies
that you can get from this effort that
can spill over to something Airbus or
Airbus.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. If you look at Formula 1, why
would a manufacturer participate in
Formula 1?
It's so expensive and for what? Nothing.
It's not nothing. You're going to learn
more about drive systems and that
technology will absolutely filter into
even your cheapest car because you know
how to increase efficiency on your burn.
You're going to get suspension
development. You're going to get
aerodynamic development. You're going to
get safety development. A lot of safety
that starts in Formula 1 does make its
way to the car. To the general public's
cars. But what you're also going to get
is publicity. So like you said with the
Halo thing, when I was in China last the
Model X had already been discontinued in
China but every showroom still had one
with the doors open because come on,
come look.
&gt;&gt; Cool.
&gt;&gt; And people and the cool factor was
enough. And it's not like the vehicle's
depreciating. Somebody will when they
decide to clear it out of the showroom,
someone will buy it. Maybe for a few
thousand dollars less than what it was.
Because it's still a brand new car even
though the model year is 24.
They will still buy it. So there are a
number of factors like that. But also
just being
in the race, you want people to remember
you. So if you look at something like
BYD has this. This is not their
hypercar. This is just their supercar.
But BYD also has a supercar which is
even more extreme, the YangWang U9. So
BYD actually has two very serious road
performers and Tesla has I mean every
car they make is a serious road
performer but they don't look like it.
The Cyberbeast is ridiculously
fast especially for something that size
but at any size. You go back 5 10 years,
the Cyberbeast will beat most supercars.
That is insane. So I've had people tell
me, "Yeah, but this isn't going to move
the stock." And I say,
"Right. That correct.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; Could this move the stock?
No.
&gt;&gt; First of all, no demo that Tesla or any
most companies do actually move the
stock. Uh specifically Tesla. So, I've
looked at every single product
announcement, product demos over the
last since they went public, it doesn't
move the stock on a sustainable manner.
Might pop, you know, a day or two, but
then that's about it. But the excitement
and then it goes away. If they have
orders, that's uh something that people
get excited about, but then it goes
away. It's really earnings that really
make a stock jump. This one might get
people excited and then it won't and
then it won't cuz how many people will
buy this? It's going to be small
numbers. This is not meant to be mass uh
sales. It's supposed to be meant to be
cool.
&gt;&gt; Same.
&gt;&gt; The greatest product demo ever,
according to Elon, that you'll ever see.
Now, if it's just hovers,
is that Yeah.
I don't know if that's enough. If it
just hovers and then goes maybe 20 ft, I
don't know if that's enough. So, I don't
expect it to fly, but that, you know,
you've got to really convince me that
this is so cool.
&gt;&gt; It's just for parallel parking in a
tight spot
&gt;&gt; [laughter]
&gt;&gt; sponsored by uh the
paintless dent repair.
&gt;&gt; Just like James Bond, right? I press a
button and then IT GO
&gt;&gt; [groaning]
&gt;&gt; I APPRECIATE THE extra effort you've
taken to share the sound effects. That's
really good. And so, it's not going to
move the stock and that's what I said I
I agreed. Why would it move the stock?
It's not about that. It's about uh
putting a bookmark, uh a bookend on
human-driven Tesla vehicles. We start
with the Roadster, we end with the
Roadster and [sighs] uh
maybe that's just how that works. But I
would say that another one said, "This
will be a total flop like the
Cybertruck."
And I said,
"The Cybertruck was meant to be extreme
volume, and it did not achieve that. In
that regard, you can call it a flop if
you'd like.
This is not meant to be extreme volume.
This is always I had one guy say, "If
it's over 200,000, it will fail." And I
said, "It was always over 200,000. It
was 250. The original price was 250. So,
what are you I mean, how you're setting
a bar at a level that would guarantee
your criteria for failure is achieved.
That's not how it works. You need to
First of all, there's probably going to
be Well, another person said, "They've
already given away a thousand." I'm
like, "Nah, nope. Nope, it's not a
thousand. It's It's definitely dozens.
It's probably not hundreds. It's
probably not a hundred people who earned
that free Roadster. But you don't
understand how manufacturing costs work.
You're going to lose money on your first
hundred units anyway.
So, the only question is how much? Uh
and this does not cost a quarter million
to make. The SpaceX edition might, but
that's not what they gave away. They
gave away the Roadster, not the Sky Str.
Uh not the not the
&gt;&gt; this
&gt;&gt; We don't need roads where we're going
Str.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. This is going to be successful in
the sense that uh it's meant to be a
small numbers, but it's meant to be mar
keting. Like you say, imagine if, you
know, big celebrities really, really,
you know, the the people who can afford
this, the movers and shakers. What which
car are you going to get? You know, it's
funny cuz like right now where I'm
driving around my car and I've got the
I'm I'm driving a Model 3, and then up
comes this, you know, Lamborghini or up
comes this, you know, supercar. And I
kind of laugh, right? Cuz they're making
this noise brrr. And I'm like, "Yeah, my
car
&gt;&gt; [laughter]
&gt;&gt; probably go faster than your car."
That's just hilarious. It's no longer in
you know, uh as powerful as they thought
that they had. Now, this one will be the
fastest vehicle or one of the fastest
vehicles. Going to look really cool. We
know that that's going to be the case.
It's it's Franz. I'm pretty confident
it's going to look cool. It's going to
have a few features that it's going to
make it look cool like James, you know,
James Bond. According to Elon, the last
thing he just said was it's going to be
like James Bond.
Yeah, you will get people buying this
and they are going to be the people that
shows it off and it's going to look
that's going to be a halo car. People
are going to go, "What is that?" And
then they're going to realize that's a
Tesla and then they're going to, you
know, associate it.
&gt;&gt; I was going to the store with my kids
the other day. The light turned green
and this jacked up Dodge Ram next to us,
a diesel, is just screaming. It is
huffing and a puffing. No houses were
blown down and it just inches ahead of
us. And my son goes, "What is he doing?"
And we realized, "Oh, he's trying to
impress us.
We're not even driving, guy. I don't
know what to If we were, all you'd see
is tail lights. And and we do not have
the all-wheel drive model. It is the one
of the slowest Teslas ever made and we
can still smoke you. So, in terms of
potential upside on earnings, I think it
is minimal
because it's such a narrow product. In
terms of downside on earnings,
again, I'm going to say minimal. Am I
missing anything there?
&gt;&gt; I agree with you. It's it's it's a
nothing burger. It's like really they
didn't need to do this and that's one of
the reasons why it was delayed
ridiculously. 10 years, 9 years,
whatever. It's because they don't need
to do this. It is such a rounding error.
It is such a distraction to everything.
It's a It's like they kept, you know,
postponing it cuz there's no point. This
not a priority for them. Should not be a
priority for them.
&gt;&gt; I made a video
maybe four or five years ago with the
title, "Roadster is dead last priority
and here's why."
And I laid out that
they've already got your deposit. If you
want it back, get it back. They don't
really need There's no urgency on the
deposits. They've given away so many
that they're not going to make a whole
bunch of money. And they've got all
these other products that actually
scale, that are actually designed to
make the world a better, not just more
fun, not just more exciting, but
legitimately better. Technologies
developed and then rolled out for the
Cybertruck are a big deal. You can call
it a flop, but as a technology
demonstrator, it's done amazing work.
And every product that has come
it has its DNA from the previous model.
Uh so without Well, they should have
gone straight to
Cybercab or a human-drivable version of
it, they couldn't have. There were too
many puzzle pieces missing in the
development steps, too many milestones.
We've got to get 48-V sorted out. We've
got to get drive-by-wire, then of course
brake-by-wire, which wasn't ready yet.
And oh, brake-by-wire's not new, Brian.
Uh this company's been working on it for
years. Right. And so has Brembo, and
Brembo is who provides the brake-by-wire
for this. It wasn't ready. So, without
the brake-by-wire, there is no unboxed.
That was the missing piece. So, all of
these things have to come in order. Walk
before you run. Uh and then uh
when once you're good at running, maybe
fly. I think that's I think that's what
we're going to find out about on the
first.
&gt;&gt; The way that Tesla themselves have are
positioning the Roadster, uh I think it
was Lars Moravy in an interview that he
did with Tesla Owners Club of Silicon
Valley last year at the X Takeover, he
said, you know, this is
our last drivable car.
And we want to give it a real
honor it and give it a real like, you
know, real good send-off of drivable
cars. Make it the best drivable car in
the world ever. This is not going to be,
you know, autonomous. It's not something
that's going to be, you know, meant to
be transportation or or for for the
regular people.
But, it is meant to be um you know, this
is it. The the best drivable car you can
ever make. Now, let's move on.
&gt;&gt; Mhm.
&gt;&gt; Great. So, guys, what do we miss? What
do we misunderstand? Leave it in them
comments below. You simply must. It is
uh required. And uh for those who may
have missed it, uh you can subscribe.
It's so much fun.
&gt;&gt; [laughter]
&gt;&gt; Guys, stay tuned, stay juicy, and I
can't wait to hear from you clever
robots with your thoughts, especially
the ones before the event. But, I'd like
to hear from you after the event, too.
10 1 Roadster. Don't miss it.