Channel:     futureaza
Title:       Tesla's Cash Position Proves the Bears Completely Wrong
URL:         https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8RPQ4dZDyGY
Published:   2026-04-05 18:00 UTC
Fetched:     2026-04-05 18:53 UTC

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

And when it comes to Tesla, the thing is
they've got a lot of expenses coming up.
They've got a lot of uh big projects
between uh chip fabrication, between
mega packs, between bots, between
autonomy of all sorts. And the question
I have is how on earth do we control the
cash burn? And uh joining me to answer
that question is my buddy Herbert from
Brighter. Uh Herbert, welcome to the
show. It's so great to see you.
&gt;&gt; What's going on? Okay.
controlling cash burn is the question.
It is the name of the game. Uh if you
look at some skeptics go as far as to
say the implosion isn't done yet uh
because they are concerned about high
cash burn. And if you look at Tesla
invests 2 billion in XAI reiterate cyber
cab production starts this year. Tesla's
got a bunch of things that they want to
spend money on. And 44 billion is not a
a trivial amount of money. It's
significant. It's substantial. It's
nowhere near the, you know, Google or
Apple cash piles, which has allowed them
to throw around money like it's uh like
it's kindling, which would make sense
considering the conflration that
results. Uh but what we're looking at is
some expensive stuff coming up uh
between in-house chip fabrication uh and
the other things I mentioned. Semi,
that's a small one. Cyber cab, if they
plan to keep cajillions of those in
house, we're going to need some money.
This little fell here, I don't know what
this is called. It's probably no big
deal. Uh and of course, you know, the
terapab is going to need cajillions. So,
let's go through them because my
question to you is how on earth do we
control the cash burn?
&gt;&gt; We'll start easy.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Go ahead.
&gt;&gt; Oh, I've been asking the exact same
question the last few few days. I've
been asking Alexander Mertz and Larry
Goldberg. You know, they they announced
in earnings call, right, that they were
going to spend $20 billion this year. Is
that enough? That's not enough. But, uh,
the way that, you know, everybody's
answered this is, uh, Tesla is very,
very smart about how they spend money.
They're very very frugal. They can get
so much more out of very little money, a
lot less money than others do. And so
this is something that they're able to
then it like and the other thing that
Elon and Tesla does very well is they
don't spend the money until they need to
spend the money.
&gt;&gt; So when they announced that they've got
20 now, now they've announced that
they're going to do terapab. It's not
that they need 25 billion to build this
terapab this year. They're going to be
building the small factory, the the the
technology testing factory first. That's
what they're going to build. And then
for the other ramp and so forth, right?
They've already spent the money by the
way for the cybercap production line
that's that's already here that's
already developed
&gt;&gt; as they need to ramp that up. They've
they've talked about, you know, going to
the money markets and getting loans and
so forth. So there are other ways not
using just the 44 billion, but I'm
pretty confident in our CFO and their
ability to manage money. the one one of
the best financially managed companies
in on earth is Tesla. You can see this
table that uh that Alexander puts
together and Tesla's actually almost
always at number one in terms of all
this metrics, six different metrics of
how you compare one company against the
other and you know Google's right up
there with Tesla, but everyone else is
just horrendous how they handle it. So I
have pretty good feeling they understand
what they need to spend money on but it
is a lot. It's unbelievable how much is
on their plate today.
&gt;&gt; Well, we're going to go through them one
by one. Uh because, you know, uh why
wouldn't we? Uh but I did want to say
that I see a lot of criticism that Tesla
does not spend enough on R&amp;D from people
who do not know how the company works,
from people who do not understand uh
what they're doing, what they're up to,
how it's all structured. I have met
people at Tesla in the R&amp;D department
and so have you because everyone is is
the R&amp;D department. Absolutely. Everyone
who works there. You hear stories uh
when we were kids, you'd hear stories of
the guy who worked at the company and
had this brilliant idea and they just
wouldn't listen to him. So now he's a a
billionaire because he went off and
invented it on his own. That should have
been the property of that company.
They're the ones who fostered that
inventor to make that thing. they just
couldn't see it because you're in the
wrong division. So before we go one by
one through them, I would like to say
that on April 26th, we're having an
event in Portland, Oregon. I will be
giving one or two presentations there. I
know I'm going to be talking about
electric trucking, semis, the benefits,
the players, and all that. And we will
have rides in the eCascadia available.
That's pretty neat. I'm looking forward
to that. Join us, won't you? And in the
case of Herbert, I know. No, no, you
will not because Portland's too far for
such a
&gt;&gt; You get around, dude. You really do get
around.
&gt;&gt; I do. I do. So, let's start easy. I have
zero concerns with Tesla's cash burn in
regards to semi. The factory is about
done. At least in the first wave. It
doesn't appear they have much interest
in keeping a substantial number of them
in house. They would just be selling
them and selling them at a positive
margin. Maybe not the first five or 10,
but certainly by the time they're
hitting even a few dozen a week, they
will be uh above their cost of goods
sold. Any concern on cash burn with
semi?
&gt;&gt; I don't I mean factory build is sunk
cost at this point and now like you were
saying they're going to scale this up. I
still do think uh expecting that they
will get the 50,000 run rate if not the
end of this year somewhere the second
half of next year. But like you said,
they already have orders. These are high
margin, high cost cars, right? 200 What
is that? 255,000. 299 $299,000
for one of these.
&gt;&gt; I've seen 24 260 to to 300. Yeah.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. And so I think that uh this is
going to be one of those things where
they get the money in time for them to
roll it out. So it should be should be
fine at this point.
&gt;&gt; I agree on that. Now, on this little guy
here, yes, we've built the the factory,
but what we haven't done is uh consider
how many of them will be kept in house
because if you're going to keep them all
in house,
&gt;&gt; you're going to have a big uh cash draw.
&gt;&gt; Uh is it possible that that fairs alone
will pay for future models within the
next couple years? CERN CERN has modeled
this out quite extensively and we've
looked at it left right and center and
what's shocking about these uh cyber
caps again it all there's so many levers
you have to pull right price
availability
uh efficiency all those things but I
mean he's showing sometime some of his
numbers show that this thing could start
paying itself off in 6 months
&gt;&gt; but I I don't agree
with you there's some sort of imbalance
here between how How many of them do you
get out and when do you actually start
getting enough to pay off the cost of
that car? You don't get it as fast as
you would with selling the car directly
to somebody else. But if they finance it
through their own their own financing,
then it could actually right the monthly
payment could actually match the revenue
that you get per month. So what we don't
know is maybe that's how they're doing
this is there every one of these cars
they have a financing agreement a le
some sort of lease agreement or
something you know some sort of
financial structure well and I think you
would have to have a monthly recurring
service charge that is part of it that
is uh for the management on the back end
for the remote safety whatever and even
if it's just you know similar to OnStar
car where you've got one person per
thousand or 10,000 cars. Fine, that
would be but you still have to pay it.
And I know people have said, "Well, I'm
not going to you can't make me buy
something that I can't then use without
a subscription." Yes, you can. In
business, yes, you can. I mean, even
your Starlink dish, you bought the dish,
you still have to pay to use it. That's
not hard to imagine. Uh but in
commercial business, that is not
uncommon. I've seen chargers installed
at apartments where the company charges
you to put the all the stations in, all
the handles in, and then charges you an
ongoing management fee forever to update
software, to do maintenance, whatever it
may be. And in some cases, it's just
updating the software and repairing
material defects like you would expect
under a warranty. So, that's not that
crazy. And my question to you, Herbert,
is I know we've heard 25 30,000. Would
you pay 40?
&gt;&gt; Wait, so you're assuming that you're g
are you asking a question to whether or
not they're going to sell this car to a
consumer this year?
&gt;&gt; No. No, that's not what I'm asking. I'm
asking would you pay 40
&gt;&gt; early on? If you get one of the early
ones, would you pay 40?
&gt;&gt; I'd pay way more than 40. Yeah, this
thing this thing could Yeah.
&gt;&gt; 40.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; What we've got is a BOGO situation. For
every one we sell, we get to keep one
because the cost of goods sold is
nowhere close to 40. And if they're
ramping quickly, the cost is going to
fall quickly. And you and I have
discussed this. I don't remember what
your number is, but mine is before they
hit insane volume. Before they hit Model
3 volume, they'll be down to 17 18,000
cost of goods sold. Meaning, if they're
selling at 25, they've got a good
margin. But at if it's 17,000 and
they're selling at 34,000, which is a
heck of a deal, they get a BOGO for
everyone they sell, they get to keep one
for themselves. That puts their cash
burn at zero.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, that will be next year. I think
that that won't happen until next year.
They they'll have some sort of
ceremonial, okay, I sold one car to
somebody this year, but I don't think
that that's in the plans until at least
second half of next year. I think they
should sell it to Marquez directly and
at the same time go ahead and shave him.
&gt;&gt; And hey, it was a deal's a deal. Uh we
didn't propose.
&gt;&gt; He'll love that. He'll get huge views.
&gt;&gt; He would actually love that. And I think
everyone would. Even the people who hate
him would appreciate him being a good
sport. Come on, Marquez. Buy one. Uh
it'd be hilarious. But I think that what
we would see is a short-term
uh cash draw down as they start putting
them out, but that it would be
short-lived and before too long would
reverse the trend and begin adding to
the cash pile once again.
&gt;&gt; So in terms of controlling cash burn,
I'm not super worried about
&gt;&gt; I think it's a loan. He he's already
said it. The CFO already said that we're
going to reach out to the financial
markets, get a loan.
&gt;&gt; I don't know if they'll pay for need to
it. The loan would be affordable. It'd
probably be in the 3 to 6% range, but I
don't think they need to, but we'll find
out. And it could also be a securitized
loan, meaning a nonreourse loan, a
recourse loan for the bank, but uh you
know, it's secured by the value of the
vehicles themselves. I think that's
something they could do. now uh
controlling the cash burn. You'd said
that uh why don't we do chips next
&gt;&gt; because remember they are like we you
the whole theme of this show is that
they're spending so much money and all
over the place. So what when it comes to
first the robo taxis and then eventually
the bots they're going to do it through
a loan.
&gt;&gt; Now every now and then a comment comes
in that's so good that I just have to
share it. Selling one to Marquez is
splitting hairs.
Rat. That's good. That's good.
&gt;&gt; I do. I do like that. That's quite good.
On the Terra Fab, you were saying, well,
you know, they're not going to build the
whole thing at once, which of course
not. That would be that would be too
big. That would be, you know, that would
that would be premature. You do need to
grow into it. But even the first steps
are going to be monumentally expensive
getting just buying the equipment which
and I've uh had to remind people of this
that while China has spent an estimated
half trillion without reaching the sub 5
nanometer uh development stage. That's
in part because they're not allowed to
purchase the ultra ultra UV equipment.
Uh, so there's the lithography equipment
that is im embargoed that they're just
not allowed to sell into China. The US
can buy it. Tesla and SpaceX can buy
that equipment. That will save them well
hundreds of billions in development
money and maybe someday they'll develop
their own, but they don't need to in
order to reach the kind of uh complexity
that they're looking for. But even still
25
uh billion
&gt;&gt; well 25 billion first of all is the
total amount for building the factories.
Secondly this is a joint project between
SpaceX and Tesla. However I did actually
bring up the point that they made it
very clear the CFO made it very clear at
the Q you know the the Q4 earnings call
in January. He said that we've the $20
billion of R&amp; R&amp;D money that we're
spending this year cap spend that we're
going to spend this year does not
include spa uh terapab or solar. So
where is this money coming from? Uh but
yes number one it is a smaller factory
that they're starting to build not the
big one. And then two it is a joint
project between SpaceX and Tesla. And
three remember Tesla SpaceX is about to
go IPO. So if and it looks like because
they actually filed confidentially today
in April, it looks like that that June
date which was ridiculous by the way
that that is saying the first time
somebody said it's going to happen in
June, everybody said there's no way
that's like so fast. That's is lightning
speed for a company this size to go IPO.
But this is you know Elon and uh so they
they're going to raise 75 billion.
That's part of why he's going to go IPO.
He needs to build the terapab. He needs
to get cash. So when that these are like
temp, you know, they're just moving
money from one side to another until
that comes into play which could happen
by the end of this year which is months
away. So yeah, that's kind of one of the
answers. Mhm. So I would uh express
extreme caution on that because if you
look at what Samsung and TSMC spend to
build a factory to make chips, a chip
fab, a foundry, um they already know how
to do it and they're still spending
vastly more than 25 to 50 billion. and
uh and not for you know uh ginormous
places but for you know uh normalsized
uh foundry kind of places. I think it
may end up costing more than people
think and of course when I say that I
get people on social media and in my
comments saying yeah but you don't
understand Elon can do the impossible.
It's like, yeah, but cutting 70 to 90%
off the cost of building something
they've never built before is a tall
order. Uh, anyhow you slice it on the
tariff. Uh, are you do you have cash
burn concerns? Uh, yes, that is the
question I've been asking the last
month, which is this is supposedly not
part of Tesla's road map for the year of
spend.
And then he announced it sooner than we
expected. And then he said that there's
an actual smaller, you know, facility
that they're going to build and then
that they're already now finding
locations for it. And I was like, where
is this money going to come from? This
is not supposed to be part of this, you
know, 20 billion dollars that was uh
allocated for this year. So unless
SpaceX is going to shoulder most of that
and then until you know until the actual
IPO money comes in.
&gt;&gt; Indeed. And where would you even put a
factory this big? Hear me out. This is
going to be controversial.
Pave Delaware. I kid. I
&gt;&gt; Yeah, that's a good idea. Buy Delaware
and pave it. Apologies to the good
people of Wilmington. Uh, now there's
finding a contiguous piece of land of
this size is a bit more challenging, but
Texas is, I would remind everyone, quite
large. Uh, if you've ever tried to drive
across it, you know what I'm talking
about. It feels like you're trapped in a
science fiction movie where the world
has no edge and you just keep going uh
forever. Uh, so I have not driven across
Texas. I've driven many, many hours and
just gone a little ways. So, that's kind
of fun. Uh, I would point out that uh
Austin and uh Houston are only a few
hours apart, but so is Austin and the
other side of Austin. It's uh very
paradoxical. I don't understand it. It
defies physics is what Tes is what Texas
does. So, I have big concerns about cash
burn in regards to Terraab. I am hopeful
having seen the cancellation of Dojo
that Tesla does know when it makes sense
to keep going forward and when it does
not make sense to keep going forward.
And at the very least we know that there
is some competencies in house that have
been learned along the way or will have
been learned from the partnership with
Samsung. That's a big deal in Texas. Uh
can you give us a quick overview of what
makes the chip deal with Samsung in
Texas different?
&gt;&gt; Well, number one, the
uh semiconductor fab that Samsung is
creating is miles away from Giga Texas.
Mhm.
&gt;&gt; Uh Tes Tesla and Elon have negotiated
that everything that they make it's all
earmarked for Tesla and then they it
initially I reported that it was delayed
to the end of this you know to the
beginning of January but then they also
reported that they're going to in double
how much they're making. So it's like
this weird thing where it was delayed
but then it's actually going to be
doubled by next year. And then they also
announced that they're going to have a
second fab in Texas.
&gt;&gt; So these guys are that Elon has
basically said you guys need to build
more and you need to build double, you
know, go and create a second fab. We'll
buy it all.
&gt;&gt; And that's what he's truly doing and
that's what they've announced. So
hopefully that comes true.
&gt;&gt; And I want to walk the line.
&gt;&gt; He walks the line. He has an office
there apparently. So he has learned what
he needed to learn about how Samsung
does things. And so now he announced
tariff and he's got his different way
approach. He's going to kind of cut
he'll cut all sorts of un unnecessary
processes and steps and some pe some
some analysis said that there might be a
way that he does not even do lithography
at all but and then I've seen him make
posts saying that you know that that
eluded that he will be doing a
lithography. I don't know what uh I
don't either
&gt;&gt; the alternative would be but the best
lithography is no lithography
&gt;&gt; potentially part yeah
&gt;&gt; well and we joke about that but there
are a lot of things that Tesla has done
where
&gt;&gt; once they've done it you step back and
go of course of course like the cross
beam in the front of the Model 3 uh
Model S Plaid for stability is the air
canister of course it is why wouldn't it
That makes so much sense. U we do have
people suggesting that Elon might be
Johnny Cash. We don't know because he
will walk the line. That is uh factual.
I've decided that that is now part of
the the reality in
&gt;&gt; Johnny Cash.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Yeah. Uh meaning uh that uh
eventually everything's Tesla in Texas.
Uh so the assimilation of the state
continues. Um, all of that is true and
good. And I'm not surprised that Elon
has an office at the Samsung place. The
guy's got to sleep somewhere. So, that's
uh very silly and not actually true.
Hey, uh, what's this little fell doing?
&gt;&gt; Yeah, he's going to throw the phone.
He's going to try to catch it. Is that
what's happening?
&gt;&gt; No, just just that phone. Throw me the
phone.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Come on, bro. Come on. Hey, no
pictures. No pictures.
&gt;&gt; That's it. But yeah, what I you and I
have had many discussions about how this
is going to go. Are they going to sell
them? Are they going to lease them? Are
they going to own them and just rent out
the service? But if they decide to do
the most profitable thing, it will be to
keep them and lease them out uh rent
them to people.
&gt;&gt; They can't they can't keep them. Uh so
the the problem is that okay so how many
employees work in every giga Texas in
every text uh gigafactory right
&gt;&gt; right 130,000 if you include the white
collar so probably 80 factory
&gt;&gt; yeah so how many robots could be used
useful in each gigafactory
&gt;&gt; 30,000 total among all across all
&gt;&gt; globally right okay let's go with 30,000
I agree with that that's a that's a good
number so 30,000 what is their plan 1
million ion per year line.
&gt;&gt; Okay. So that 30,000 they should be able
they could do that theoretically by
let's say middle of next year you know
worst case scenario
&gt;&gt; or
&gt;&gt; sure realistically. So what I think is
going to happen which means that they
cannot absorb all of the the ones that
they're making and especially if it's
limited capability right we don't know
yet if it's for sure it can do pick and
place it can do some activities within a
factory but
&gt;&gt; you know don't expect it to replace
every employee quite yet right
&gt;&gt; so that that means that they will have
to sell this to SpaceX and to sister
companies and to suppliers but if you
add those guys up still let's let's go
ahead and you know add them up. But I
think what's going to happen now is
you're going to this is a potential
catalyst by the way. Imagine a day by
the end of this year, by the end of the
start of second half, first half of next
year where you hear this announcement
that Tesla has partnered and just like
Semi did with, you know, five major
corporations who have now ordered a
100,000 of each of these bots that
they're going to roll out over the
course of three to five years, but
they've already signed an agreement with
Tesla that they've reserved it. they
want to be first in line and that they
uh start paying for it. So that's what's
going to happen, I think, is you're
going to hear those kinds of agreements
and that's how it's going to pay for pre
you're going to prepay for the bot
before it's even delivered to you.
&gt;&gt; Mhm.
&gt;&gt; Certain amount.
&gt;&gt; So what I'm saying is not that they
would keep them to do Tesla work or
SpaceX work, but that they would uh own
them and just lease them to the
customers.
&gt;&gt; Yes. Yes. I think that that I mean he
has said he'll do both both models is
what his reply was to that but yes I
think most likely it's going to be a
lease which means that you know when he
sells it to a company
&gt;&gt; yeah it's like they actually own the
actual asset and then they're charging
them a subscription fee and so forth.
Yeah,
&gt;&gt; I I don't know how it's going to work
but he did say we would do both models,
&gt;&gt; right? Uh, so again, if they can build
it for half the cost of selling it, you
could do the BOGO thing where half of
them you sell and half of them you lease
out uh to others to make more money uh
while retaining it while not adding on
to the massive pile of cash burn. Uh
because 44 billion sounds like a lot uh
until you start. But again this year
this year uh their plan is right it did
it today April 1st Elon announced that
this is it when we have now closed down
the Model S and the Model X line. He
said that we're actually going to have a
an event because it was such an
important two products that we had for
us to reminisce on it. But this is it.
It's done. So now the next whatever 3/4
they're going to be converting that into
a line. So that cost will be high, but
it's not like we're, you know, we're
producing robots yet at a, you know, 1
million per year run rate yet. It'll be
a slow burn. So I think we're fine. I'm
not uh too worried about that at this
point. But next year when you start
getting to 1 million per year
production, yeah, you better do
something. And that's where I'm coming
back to. I think that it's a financing
Yeah. vehicle that Tesla will arrange.
&gt;&gt; It could be all of those sorts of messes
indeed. Uh are there any other big
factors you're worried about in terms of
uh spending? I know solar fab uh but it
is already on the books uh on the road
map at least. And a solar fab while
expensive is only expensive in the
billion or two kind of range not not
tens or hundreds.
&gt;&gt; I'm not worried at all. I the reason is
if you look at what company we've
invested in Tesla, who's the person
who's in charge of us, Elon, what have
we seen him do in the past, his entire
kind of history with how he runs
companies? First of all, he sees things
much further ahead than everyone else
does because he's got his supply chain
that's uh global and he already
predicted prior to everyone else that he
he let go significant 10% of his staff
in a company and everybody screamed at
him and then of course all the other
companies followed him months later
because he saw ahead of time that there
was going to be a recession and things
were going to happen. So number one, he
has the the data to actually see what's
going to happen. He can't predict war
and so forth, but he can at least
understand that better than others. Two,
look at the kind of manager he is,
right? He does not spend money when he
doesn't need to spend money. He shut
down this plan for Giga Mexico when he
knew that it could be rightly so. He
called it correctly what would happen
with uh a new president and new laws and
so forth. And it's exactly what
happened. So, it was a good thing he did
not move forward with Giga Mexico at the
time. Uh he's very very careful about
spend. He cuts costs. He cuts people
when he doesn't need them. He brings
them when he needs to. He did say though
that this year, this year, they're going
to double down. They're going to grow
really fast and they're not cutting
costs this year. So, I am pretty
confident that he and he he of all
people is very good money manager and he
knows how to spend it and he's very
careful. He only spends it again. It's
like you were saying earlier, what how
much money is Facebook, Amazon, those
guys are spending $200 billion. $200
billion dollars in one year uh each more
for AI data centers. And then here
you've got Tesla announcing $20 billion
of cap spend and you're going what's
going on? But yet who has the largest
XAI has a two of the largest
supercomputers in the world and Tesla
has two of the largest supercomputers in
the world? Cortex and soon Cortex 2
coming out.
&gt;&gt; So I'm not I'm not too concerned about
that. I had a discussion yesterday with
a gentleman on X who was who decided to
say and this is a small account with no
following and clearly does not appear to
be engaging in good faith said well well
gosh I sure am glad that uh Elon built
XAI outside of Tesla so we couldn't get
any benefit and I pointed out that at
the time the appetite for Tesla to do
something that far outside of their core
competencies was none it would have been
roundly criticized as a a fool's errand
by most of the people, certainly the
institutional investors. Why would you
get into AI? It doesn't make sense. With
the second problem being that it's going
to be expensive uh you need to get those
engineers in there for cheap on the
promise of that stock going ballistic.
And he well Google has great AI and they
didn't and they didn't have to do it as
a separate entity, right? But Google was
paying half million dollars an engineer.
They're paying 5 to 10 times more per
engineer
&gt;&gt; because they don't have that stock
upside. Meta was paying some engineers
nine figures. What are you talking
about? That's insane.
&gt;&gt; And that's what they have to do because
the stock is not going to move in a
commensurate way. And if you look at the
first AI that most people see from
Google is the search result and it is
trash.
&gt;&gt; It is absolute garbage. Uh so that is
very frustrating. Um guys, I don't know
if you have a chance to, but if you do,
uh check out my buddy Herbert. Uh you
know, it is um it is a great channel.
You have fantastic guests and also me.
Uh, so that's helpful and I appreciate
that.