Channel:     futureaza
Title:       SpaceX Is Trying Something Starlink Wasn’t Built For
URL:         https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xoMYMCU-q6g
Published:   2026-08-29 18:00 UTC
Fetched:     2026-08-29 19:00 UTC

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Now, what SpaceX is trying to do is a
completely different like order of
magnitude difference because we're
talking about not just sending an SOS
message of like, "Hey, I'm in the woods
and I I can't get out. I'm lost, right?"
That's that's one thing and and we have
determined that that works and it does
not require a great deal of coverage or
a great deal of bandwidth to be able to
do something like that, but what SpaceX
wants to do is apparently have more or
less the equivalent of a ground-based
cell tower that you have access to with
the amount of data and the amount of
streaming and the amount of coverage at
all times. And that's the challenge, I
think. You know, there's the operational
challenges, obviously, but the technical
challenges really come down to can you
do that? Can you take a tiny little um
antenna inside of one of these phones
and talk to something that is 300 400 km
in the sky moving at very very high
speeds. SpaceX has a bunch of
interesting ideas [music] in the works.
Some of them are outrageous like orbital
data clusters. Some of them are more
mundane like Starlink, which will be
soon sold in the most populous nation in
the world. That, of course, is India.
Very exciting stuff, but there's been
some quiet chatter about the idea of
going direct to cell and using every
Starlink dish out there as its own mini
cell. Well, the analysts have had a
chance to look at it and they are not
amused. Uh there are a number of
obstacles, a number of challenges. So,
myself and my buddy Dr. Know-It-All are
going to get into it and this is going
to be a crazy one, you guys. We're doing
it as a two-parter. Half is on this
channel, the other half is on his
channel, link in the description, and uh
you're going to want to hear the whole
discussion.
I'm Brian. Welcome to Futurama.
Okay, so we're looking at it right here.
I've got eyeballs. I can see it. Study
pours more cold water on SpaceX's small
cell plan. Uh Research firm Moffett
Nathanson flags a host of challenges for
SpaceX's small cell plan, arguing the
whole case hinges on SpaceX locking down
an MVNO
deal. Mobile, what is it? Do you
remember?
&gt;&gt; Uh virtual network operator.
&gt;&gt; That's right.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; I am I am not just sleepy today. I am
hungry. The [laughter] weather
Uh SpaceX may have
&gt;&gt; Can I Can I Can I take just a a slight
pause? As As we record this, there was a
natural disaster in Nepal, which is
where of course you were coming from
today. And I just I just wanted to take
a moment to to uh you know, send out our
our thoughts and and and prayers for
everybody there cuz
it it looks pretty awful. So, yeah.
Anyway, so I just wanted to take a
&gt;&gt; The only
pictures I've seen haven't been from the
news, but from people I know who live in
that area. And they're showing the I
mean, it's flash flooding from
you know, over a tremendous distance
because the flood just keeps going.
&gt;&gt; Right. Right.
&gt;&gt; It's
It's all It's really tragic.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, exactly. So, anyway, I just wanted
to you know, what we're talking about
obviously matters, but not on the same
level as what's happening there. So,
anyway.
&gt;&gt; Yes.
Uh so, the
SpaceX may have a legion of smart bunch
engineers, but the industry analysts
remain unconvinced. You know, SpaceX
plan faces a litany of technical and
operational hurdles.
&gt;&gt; I'm going to pause there.
&gt;&gt; Technical hurdles. Do you think that's
something they couldn't overcome?
&gt;&gt; Well, I've gone a lot of different
directions on this. When I first heard
of this several years ago, and this I I
I believe it was actually Apple and
T-Mobile that announced it even before
SpaceX did. And I was like, this is an
insane idea just to even send a simple
like SOS text message. Uh but in the
meantime, I have an iPhone, and it there
have been a couple of times where I've
been literally out of cell
communication. There's a little
satellite picture instead of like the
Wi-Fi or not the Wi-Fi, but the the cell
cell picture. And it actually works. I
can send and receive text messages that
way. So, it works at a very small level.
Now, what SpaceX is trying to do is a
completely different like order of
magnitude difference because
we're talking about not just sending an
SOS message of like, "Hey, I'm in the
woods and I I can't get out. I'm lost."
Right? That's that's one thing and and
we have determined that that works and
it does not require a great deal of
coverage
or a great deal of bandwidth to be able
to do something like that, but what
SpaceX wants to do is apparently have
more or less the equivalent of a
ground-based cell tower that you have
access to with the amount of data and
the amount of streaming and the amount
of coverage at all times. And that's the
challenge, I think. You know, there's
the operational challenges, obviously,
but the technical challenges really come
down to can you do that? Can you take a
tiny little
antenna inside of one of these phones
and talk to something that is
300, 400 km in the sky moving at very,
very high speeds. That that's the
technical challenge and you know, we
don't know the answer to that, but of
course there's some very, very smart
people working at SpaceX. So, it's not
like they were like, "Duh, we didn't
realize that." Right? They they they I'm
sure these people have talked about this
for years and have come up with
solutions to it, some of which we know.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, I'm confident that they have not
only figured out the engineering side of
it or at least have enough good starts
to get going, but also that they thought
about the regulatory environment.
There's no way they don't know what the
rules are surrounding it.
It was about 10 years ago, John. I
called No, maybe 15 years ago now. I
called to cancel my T-Mobile phone
because I said, "Look, I've been with
you guys forever, but I cannot get a
signal at my house. That's where I
live." Right. And they shipped me out a
router that you just plug in and now I
have cell coverage at my house. So I
don't know if I mean this feels like
very similar technology to that.
&gt;&gt; Yes.
&gt;&gt; So on the
on the technical side, I'm less worried.
&gt;&gt; Oh, so you're more worried about the
operational end of things. That's
interesting. So yeah, so
&gt;&gt; regulatory.
&gt;&gt; The regular obviously regulatory. So
that that's
that is not my area of expertise, but
clearly there are going to be regular I
mean we're looking at Starlink um
I was just talking to uh to Pabs who is
doing a robot climb of Mount Everest
this year this October. I know crazy.
And we were talking about the live
stream and he's like, you know, Starlink
is still not available in Nepal. It is
still even though it's coming to India
very soon not available in India today.
It's not available in China. There's a
lots of places where Starlink due to
regulatory thing issues is not available
where technologically it clearly would
be because anywhere in the world point
the thing at the sky and you've got
access to two satellites. So so yeah, so
regulatory is its own giant mess
basically.
But yeah, I I don't know. So what what
are your main concerns regulatory wise?
&gt;&gt; It is at the end of the day spectrum and
do they really want everybody
broadcasting from everywhere all the
time?
If you're going to put the signal
through the Starlink. If it's just
direct to cell, I'm not worried about
that, but but setting up because they've
got I imagine the permission for that
through the EchoStar spectrum
acquisition.
&gt;&gt; Right. Right.
&gt;&gt; Or or at least they're partners with the
company that does.
So that part I'm not worried about, but
in terms of just blasting signals
everywhere all the time. And your Wi-Fi
is only going to get a few hundred feet.
If you're driving past my house, my cell
my Wi-Fi is not going to help your cell
phone unless you
park which people do at my house.
&gt;&gt; Right.
&gt;&gt; [laughter]
&gt;&gt; There we go.
So
yeah, and that's part of the the the
like not trickery, but the kind of
ingeniousness of this. So, I think um on
this end of things, this is supposed to
work with just a regular cell phone. So,
clearly our cell phones are already
broadcasting out stuff all the time. So,
that's not going to be a regulatory
issue. The issue is the opposite
direction because the satellites are
going to have to literally blast massive
amounts of of of signal down to the
planet to be able to reach these tiny
little antennas and be able to have the
cell phones go like, "Oh, oh, I detect
my signal." amongst all of this other
noise that's going on right there. And
and I think that's where you have
it's correct to be concerned about the
regulatory aspects of that because So,
it's not the upstream aspect. It's not
the going up because we already have
regulations. All these things are you
know, if you look when you buy a phone
and you look in like the little
pamphlet, there's like pages of FCC and
other like things where it's like, "This
is compliant with part, you know, 25.271
or you know, whatever." They have all of
that stuff, and that's been covered for
years. The the issue and and as you say,
uh terrestrially, you build your Wi-Fi
networks so that they degrade relatively
quickly. You build your cell phones so
that they
So, let's say Wi-Fi goes like 100 m or
something like that, right? Just
roughly. And then a cell phone can go a
couple of kilometers. So, you're you're
expanding it by order of magnitude or a
few orders of magnitude, but it's it's
still very contained. If you drive 10 mi
away from a cell phone tower, you're not
going to hear it anymore unless it's
really flat and the conditions are
really good. Um
And so, you can kind of you can kind of
regulate things locally. The problem
with Starlink is it's a global thing,
right? It It is Yes, it's beam forming
and it's attempting to hit you in a
particular cell area, but it is
broadcasting a great deal of information
over a great
deal of area. Um And I would also say we
could probably
I Again, these things are are being
handled already through standard
issue kinds of of technology, but you
also have some security issues. But this
is not any different than Starlink right
now, which is that if you're
broadcasting something you're blanketing
an area with Let's say I'm putting up my
bank information, right? It's like, "Oh,
here's my password and my name and all
of that stuff." That's being broadcast
to the world. Like, anybody in that cell
area that's being covered by that. Now,
of course, if I do that on the road with
my cell phone using the the
Verizon cell towers, also the same
thing. People can sniff that and they
can see it. So, you know, none of that
stuff is anything unique. It's just kind
of bigger because we're talking about
these large areas that they're covering.
&gt;&gt; And what are your uh
you know
luggage code information? [laughter]
&gt;&gt; Okay, well, let me just uh it's 1 2 3 4
5.
&gt;&gt; [laughter]
&gt;&gt; Come on, that's a good joke.
&gt;&gt; luggage code
&gt;&gt; There we go. There we go.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
Now, it's um it's fascinating to see how
it works. You saw the illustration of
what a V3 projection cones look like
versus V2. And I get it. It makes sense.
They're tighter little hexagons.
I mean, they were pitched They're
circles in the picture. They would
overlap. I get it. But they uh
I get it. It makes sense. And if you
keep them low enough, I mean, I guess it
can work, right?
&gt;&gt; Right.
&gt;&gt; Uh yeah, and I mean, the way cell phones
work these days is you have overlap,
too. I mean, that's the whole point is
that you have
you know, each cell area covers a
certain
uh it's a sphere, but you could think of
it as like a circle around the Earth.
And and they have to overlap because
otherwise, as you drive between them,
you're It's like, "Oh, it went dead for
for 15 seconds and then popped back up
again." So, they have to they have to be
able to manage that transition. The the
sort of genius aspect of what uh SpaceX
has done, and this is not related to the
phones, it's related to their did their
antennae, their Starlink dishes, is that
they're able to at the incredibly high
speeds that these things are traveling
across the sky. I I don't know if you
have There's an app it's I haven't used
it in a while, but it's a Starlink
tracking app and and you can put it on
your phone and you can like look up in
the sky or even down cuz it'll show you
under the world and you just see these
things going like
and they are moving fast. I I I mean,
they're not just like slowly moving
across the sky. They're They're smoking.
Um so, you know, that's the kind of
thing where
if you that technological aspect of it
has been very challenging from the
beginning and they've been resolving
that. The big big challenge in my mind
is that they have to be able to deal
with equipment that was not designed as
a dish receiver and is much much smaller
and much much lower power than than the
Starlink dishes.
Even if you have a Starlink mini, it's
like the size of an iPad, right? It's
like yay big or something and it's um
it requires a big ass battery or you
plug it into the wall, but it requires a
significant amount of power to operate.
A phone is very different. It's just,
you know, it at least an order of
magnitude, maybe two orders of magnitude
less powerful than Starlink antenna,
even a Starlink mini.
&gt;&gt; So, in a minute here, we're going to
wrap this up because we're going to jump
over to his channel to do a much deeper
version of it. I did want to say, this
is a crazy one. My friend spent
25 years at T-Mobile, 20 25 years
in both engineering and some other
departments, but in the engineering
department,
he was responsible for making sure, you
know,
spectrum issues, switch issues, all
kinds of engineering. Anyway,
I asked him when the first rumors about
Starlink being able to do direct to cell
came up. This is probably 2 years ago
now. I said, "Hey man, what's the range
of a 4G signal?" And he goes, "Well, you
know, a couple
unless there's a line of sight. I go,
what about going
how far would it go? He's like, whoa,
why?
&gt;&gt; [laughter]
&gt;&gt; Could it reach the altitudes of
Starlink? He's like,
the air gets so thin so quick,
maybe maybe if the if the antenna was
really dialed in, maybe. And of course
we now know that it does work cuz I mean
they've
been you they've used it for you know,
emergency situations. There are a lot of
things in tech that happen. You know,
when I was a kid, what I thought the
future of tech was going to be was a
cool new thing each year. And that those
days are gone. Everything changes so
quickly, product cycles, things go from
non-existent to affordable in like 2
years.
And when it comes to expansion like we
could see in India, I had
comment on excellence that
India can't afford 100 bucks a month.
That's way too much money. I said, why
would they charge that? They don't have
to charge them that. They've already got
enough money to break even without that
market.
&gt;&gt; Right.
&gt;&gt; So, it's not like it's going to wear out
the satellite quick.
&gt;&gt; Right.
&gt;&gt; In Nigeria, they made a law that said
you can't export more than $25 cash in a
month. So, Starlink dropped their price
to $25. That's how much Starlink costs
in Nigeria.
And it wouldn't be one person on it. And
they said, but they don't even like they
don't have a PC. I go,
&gt;&gt; Right.
&gt;&gt; What what do you what you don't need a
PC. What do you
&gt;&gt; [laughter]
&gt;&gt; They have cell phones. Everybody has
cell phones these days. Yeah.
&gt;&gt; And they're so cheap, so affordable. And
I'm not criticizing that comment. They
haven't
had the experiences that I've had. They
don't know what I what I know, but
uh fantastic. Guys, do me a favor, head
over to Dr. Know-it-all's channel right
now. Part two is up. Came up 15 minutes
ago. Cuz we're crazy that way.
&gt;&gt; [laughter]
&gt;&gt; We crazy. Crazy like foxes.