Channel:     brighterwithherbert
Title:       Elon’s Endgame Might Be Bigger Than Tesla
URL:         https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ekEh8jTQwe0
Published:   2026-04-06 13:30 UTC
Fetched:     2026-04-06 13:54 UTC

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

SpaceX has been making major moves. And
if you own Tesla stock, you need to pay
attention because what SpaceX does next
will likely impact Tesla. And it's good
news. First, SpaceX just filed
confidentially for what could be the
biggest IPO ever, $1.75 trillion. Elon
is allocating up to 30% of shares to
retail investors. Three times the norm.
He wants loyal fans in. Let's explore
whether when SpaceX goes public, might
Tesla shareholders benefit. Second and
the bigger question is a Tesla SpaceX
merger crazy or inevitable. They're
already co-building Terraab, a $2
billion chip factory. They share XAI.
The integration is accelerating every
week. At what point do you make it
official? Today, we're going to review
Elon's endgame, what a merger could
unlock for Tesla investors, and how it
might actually work. But here's another
story that got little coverage last
week, and it could be just as big.
SpaceX is quietly moving to dominate the
satellite to phone market. They applied
for the FCC's June Spectrum auction to
expand Starlink Mobile on top of the $20
billion in Spectrum they bought from
Echoar last year. And now Amazon is in
talks to buy Global Star, the $9 billion
satellite provider behind Apple's iPhone
to catch up. Apple owns 20% of Global
Star. This is a three-way battle between
SpaceX, Amazon, and Apple for control of
satellite communications. And whoever
wins will shape the next decade of
mobile connectivity. We're going to
break it all down for you. We got Larry
Goldberg here with us today. He's a
serial entrepreneur, has been an active
venture capital investor for the last
decade. Check out lumicenti.com.
Welcome, Larry.
&gt;&gt; Thank you. Great to be here, Herbert.
Great subject.
&gt;&gt; Your favorite topic. And I know that
you've been trying to educate us about
uh you know the importance of SpaceX to
Tesla investors. Many of us Tesla
investors have been focused on Tesla,
but now we're realizing SpaceX matters.
SpaceX could buy Tesla. There's signs.
We'll talk about it. But even if they
don't, there's a lot of things SpaceX is
doing that's going to impact Tesla. So I
wanted you to shine a light on all of
that. So you've got u this news that
came out this week that SpaceX has filed
confidentially for IPO ahead of AI
rivals. I mean they're basically saying
that they by this year we're expecting
massive private companies. Most AI
companies are about to go IPO as well.
So this means that SpaceX is still on
track for a June listing. It is still
rumored that the valuation is going to
be 1.75 trillion or more that they might
raise up to $75 billion now, not 50.
There's no information on shares or
price range of shares. They're testing
the waters. Investor meetings are
happening now. And one of the reasons
they might do this is that SpaceX might
already has dual class shares.
Starlink revenue is expected to be at
$20 billion. X Ara revenues expect to be
less than $1 billion. Uh what's your
thoughts on on this? Uh and then
finally, let me just go ahead and
explain this that Elon in an
unprecedented move is allowing 30% of
the IPO to retail investors. Typically,
it's only 5 to 10%. Elon looks like he
wants to tap loyal fans in this, giving
them that approach. it was reported that
Morgan Stanley's Erade would be the one
uh right here that would be able to
offer this to the smaller investors and
then people said, "Well, wait, does that
mean that you're going to cut out Robin
Hood and Sofa out of the process?" And
Elon actually said, "Nope, those reports
are false."
&gt;&gt; Yeah. One of the things about Elon's
blanket falsehood
post is that he didn't tell you which
part is false and which part may be true
which so you know I don't think any of
these rumored reports should I don't
think we should put much store by any of
these rumored reports. I don't think we
know really anything. We know that
they're targeting to raise $75 billion.
Um, I've heard rumors
or claims by people quote in the know
that they were trying to raise $250
billion. I mean, I it's ridiculous, but
the person who made that claim by the
way was a very highly respected uh VC
guy
actually yeah finance guy. Look, we do
know that they have filed an S1.
The S1 when filed, the first time it's
filed, it it's confidential because it's
really a draft. They they have to
comment the the the the SEC has to
comment.
Depending on those comments, there may
be a reddraft. It may change it very
dramatically. It may change only in
name. And then only uh after backwards
and forwards with the SEC do we get a
filing that they'll expose to you know
some banks and then then they'll let us
know what it is. So until then you can
discount about 80% of the rumors. In
general though we know that they're
going to go public. In general we know
that they want to raise around $75
billion. This is a big number for Elon.
Elon is, you know, historically and
famously incredibly capital
frugal. He where others will spend $10
billion, he'll spend a billion dollars.
I mean, that's literally true. 10 to
one. Nobody can believe the level of
capital investment that Tesla has made
in its production versus all its
competitors. every one of its
competitors who's spending double triple
quadruple what he spent many with no
results at all. We you know we in in our
last episode we looked at the some of
the capital expenditures or the losses
actually not even the capital expend
just the losses that others have
achieved before whereas Tesla's turned
around started making profits and one of
the reasons that Tesla makes profits and
has made profits long before any of the
other EV manufacturers is because it is
so frugal. So we can expect that same
frugality from uh SpaceX.
So I I discount all of the rumors and I
I wait for the S1 and but on the
valuation I'm very comfortable with the
valuation based upon what I understand
for the from the financial future of the
company the probable financial future of
the company. So, uh, you did a show with
me a couple three weeks ago maybe with,
um, Aaron Bernett, who's part of Mach
33, who actually created a SpaceX model.
And you guys shared a lot of data about
SpaceX and Starlink's revenue, uh, where
it's headed, what the future would be,
and we tried to explain how that
benefits Tesla investors. Can you like
uh, go through some questions here? So,
number one, what's the likelihood? Are
you thinking that Tesla will merge with
SpaceX?
&gt;&gt; Yes. You called it a acquisition by
SpaceX of Tesla. I don't believe it'll
be that. I believe it'll be a merger of
equals.
&gt;&gt; Okay.
&gt;&gt; And is a very specific type of merger.
It means that both sides contribute
equally and receive equally.
There's a value placed and the value is
typically market values.
you know it it's indexed to the market.
The two companies are combined. So if
SpaceX has got a capitalization on the
market of say 1.5 trillion and Tesla has
a capitalization of 1.5 trillion then
they merge and shareholders get one one
share each shareholders of one share in
either of those companies get one share
of the new company. Mhm. [clears throat]
&gt;&gt; So um
that
the relative valuation divided by the
number of shares is the rate at which
they will be combined but the board of
directors will be combined and the
management will be combined and you know
Elon will choose a CEO of the whole or
he probably will be CEO himself of the
whole and he'll pro choose who manages
each company and he will run them.
Instead of running each company with an
iron fist, which he currently does,
he'll run both companies together with
an iron fist. That's a merger of equals.
&gt;&gt; There's a whole lot of chatter on
X about, yeah, we've been waiting all
these years for Tesla to take off with
rover taxi and with, you know, with a
bot and
&gt;&gt; we're not getting value for that. And
you know, SpaceX is going on blah blah
blah. Well, of course, all of that's
wrong. Why? Because the market is not
dummy. It is not dumb. The market
understands. How does a company that is
hardly making money, hardly make money,
if any at all? How does a company like
that [snorts] have a 1.4 trillion dollar
valuation?
&gt;&gt; SpaceX.
[clears throat]
&gt;&gt; No, I'm talking [laughter] about Tesla.
Now, SpaceX is making
&gt;&gt; Are they making money? We're making 100
billion a year, but yeah.
&gt;&gt; Well, no, we're not making hundred
billion a year.
We're not making close to hundred
billion dollars a year.
We're we're we're less than half of that
at the moment. We're being valued as if
we're making 100 billion a year. That's
the point. People understand the
opportunity of Tesla. Look, if you look
at the valuation of Tesla and compare it
to any of the other MAG 7,
Tesla's profitability is like
&gt;&gt; you're talking about earnings and
profitability. I was talking about
revenue, but yeah. Okay, keep going.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Profit, pure profit.
&gt;&gt; We're we're at a fraction of what the
others are at in terms of profitability.
So the point is people are waiting for
all of this to happen to realize that
what I'm trying to tell them is
we're already recognizing that
opportunity. We're seeing it in the
value of our stock.
And the same is true of SpaceX. The only
reason SpaceX is valued at where it is
right now, which is one and a quarter
trillion, is because of two things.
the growth in SpaceX and its opportunity
and the opportunity in uh XAI and X
people people don't value companies
because of their revenue. People don't
value companies because of their
profits.
&gt;&gt; People value companies because of their
potential. And so if you weigh that
potential
right now, they're roughly equal in in
scope and size.
And people absolutely recognize the
potential of Optimus and the potential
of robo taxi. Now, the closer we get to
reality on that potential, the higher
we're going to index our confidence and
the higher the the the value goes. And
that's true of both companies. So all of
this moaning and groaning and blah blah
blah blah, what the people don't realize
is if they combine the two companies,
then their half share as opposed to
their full share in the larger hole has
probably got a higher B has a lower beta
that is to say a higher probability of
success of this incredible success
because they got so many more shots at
gold. Everything. Everything. And most
important, OpenAI just raised a hund
over a hundred plus billion dollars and
they're valued at one point whatever
trillion dollars and what do they have
20 billion of revenue.
&gt;&gt; That's right.
&gt;&gt; And so it's all about the bet of uh
getting to AGI
and and then you've got XI.
&gt;&gt; So we have to match that.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. We have to admit openly that XAI
have stumbled. There's no doubt that
they have stumbled and Elon has said so
publicly. said we took the wrong
direction. Now we don't know the detail
of that but we do know that every one of
the founders have left
&gt;&gt; you know and so we have to think that we
have to think through the fact that
things are rocky. They're obviously
going to re redo the product. I'm
excited to see the result of that. I
realize that it's a step backwards. I
think that is a
a a question mark on the
on the
IPO.
I think they have to stabilize that
situation before the IPO and they have
to have a pretty good story and they
have to back it up with deeds, not just
words. So, I think that's a very
important consideration. I would put
that as an asterisk.
Um and and I think that has to be solved
by the time of the uh IPO otherwise the
IPO could have some problems on SpaceX
itself. I could wax eloquent about the
valuation of SpaceX. SpaceX on its own
right now is probably worth more than
SpaceX than SpaceX plus XAI.
um because I think XAI has a question
mark over its value and but but the
value is not that high in terms of the
totality. It may be 8% 6% 7% 10% of the
value of the total of ex of uh um of of
SpaceX.
SpaceX's value to me is unquestioned and
we had this whole conversation you know
that you alluded to that looked at the
valuation looked at the reasons for
valuation and they're in they're
profound I mean I had a correspondence
yesterday with some investors
questioning how the heck can you can you
calc take company worth with only a 15
billion dollar revenue at$ one and a4
billion dollars and I took them through
step by step by step by step by one and
a quart trillion dollar trillion. Sorry,
I took them step by step by step by step
&gt;&gt; through the the basics of of
SpaceX
&gt;&gt; and it's apparent to to them now and
they said so that the company is worth a
billion a trillion and a quarter.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, that show that we did uh that made
it apparent to me as well. So, right.
All right. So, first of all, before we
move off of the XAI comment, um, you
know, Tesla, they they they're behind,
but I again, he pitched Elon's pitching
a new approach, which sounds right. It's
very similar to what he did with FSD,
which is vision first
while all the others anthropic and
codeex and which is open AAI, they have
to integrate to other software systems.
Let's say that there is a beer factory
in the Philippines, a big giant beer
company in the Philippines. And how do
you integrate to their software? Well,
if you want to use Anthropic, they would
have to do an API and then they have to
learn how to code into that software
system that's unique, that system. Tesla
says just like human, you show them a
visual, a vision, a video of what that
is, looks like, and then it will learn
context, what that button will do, what
I'm supposed to do next, all that.
That's how they can integrate with any
system in the world because all software
is designed for humans. That's his
philosophy.
&gt;&gt; That turns out to be correct.
&gt;&gt; It's the right philosophy.
&gt;&gt; Sounds right, doesn't it?
&gt;&gt; It it is the right philosophy. I will
tell you that quite a few others are
glomming onto that as well. I mean, you
know, once Elon says it, then people
start thinking, although there have been
there have been some pretty good uh
pieces of that technology come out. But
yeah, I mean that's the solution. That's
absolutely the solution
&gt;&gt; and hopefully that the the existing
technology that Tesla already has which
is vision based context aware physics
accurate uh system for FSD but also now
robots that if that applies to software
then he's got something that's better
than everyone else because he's got the
data but if not then it's the same thing
they're competing now okay that's XAI
&gt;&gt; go ahead
&gt;&gt; okay and then one of the points points I
wanted to make was when you when you
shared with me that SpaceX has Starlink
&gt;&gt; and [clears throat] Starlink itself is a
success story and everybody gets that
now 10.
&gt;&gt; No, they don't understand. They don't
get it. They don't understand it. They
think Starlink's producing 15 billion
dollars of revenue and that's it.
&gt;&gt; They have no clue what's coming.
&gt;&gt; Right. You explained that there's
version three satellites coming out, but
what's going to happen with Starlink,
which is existing business, it's going
to grow as fast as robo taxi is going to
grow. So because of that, you you
envision you because some people are
going, if I'm Tesla, I'm a Tesla
investor. I'm investing in Tesla. Robo
Taxi is about to launch. It's going to
go psycho and we already know all the
details about how big the TAM is, how
much margins we're going to make, how it
changes the company. Why would I do
SpaceX, which is moonbased? I have to
wait till they have a base in the moon.
Have to wait till they have AI data. No,
you don't have to wait for that.
Starlink existing business will grow as
big as the robo taxi business around the
same time too. Yes.
&gt;&gt; And then by the time that Tesla has
robot robots, Optimus comes out, t
SpaceX AI data centers will be as big as
the Optimus.
&gt;&gt; Absolutely.
&gt;&gt; That at the same timing too.
&gt;&gt; Absolutely will be. And and then when we
go beyond data centers in the sky, when
we go to, you know, creating energy in
the sky using mass drivers off the moon,
you know, we go through and look, here's
another thing that people don't
understand. Starlink, once they're up in
the air, they require minimal amount of
human intervention. There's no cleaning
of the car. There's no gassing up the I
mean charging the car. There's no
there's you know it's like one person
not one person a group of six people in
a shift or 16 people control
tens of thousands
of satellites. Most of it is completely
automatically done by computer. And what
does it drive? It drives unending
subscriptions by people who use
you know internet, people who use
telephones, people who use data. It just
this is the next thing I want to talk
about. So Starlink is about internet.
Uh, but there's Starlink Mobile and
Starlink Mobile is a thing and I know
that you're saying that we haven't mo
you guys have not modeled this out yet
and we don't know when it's going to
come. But look at this. We know that
last year uh SpaceX bought a Spectrum
from Echoar, but now they look like that
they are rumored to buy a Spectrum
because FCC is going to have an auction
in June.
&gt;&gt; Well, they put in they put in a bid for
the Spectrum.
&gt;&gt; They put in a bid.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Yeah. And so that's going to
expand their spectrum, but they already
have quite a lot of spectrum. Listen,
Starlink Mobile is live and running, up
and running today. You said they're
coming. It's not coming. It's alive and
running today.
&gt;&gt; If you if you're a um uh what's it which
T-Mo If you're a T-Mobile customer, you
can have Starling Mobile today and the
minutes are ticking up already. We've
seen the numbers beginning to come in.
So, it's live and it's running and
they're signing agreements
&gt;&gt; for dead spots.
&gt;&gt; Yeah,
&gt;&gt; they for dead spots right now anywhere
you can use. If your if your local
fails,
&gt;&gt; you're alive.
&gt;&gt; And so,
&gt;&gt; we we see company after country after
country, company after company signing
up for Starling Mobile. So, Starling
Mobile's on its way and it's become
gonna become a n international phone
company. The only
phone company spanning the entire globe.
&gt;&gt; The only one.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah.
&gt;&gt; And where won't you get it? You won't
get in China or Russia or any of those
crazy places. Iran, maybe you won't get
it there, too.
&gt;&gt; So, but you'll get it everywhere else.
You'll have you'll be able to get it
everywhere else in the world. But that's
just the beginning. That is just the
beginning. We we are we are seeing
growth in Starlink and then there's
growth in another product that we
haven't mentioned yet. Company's product
is called Star Shield.
&gt;&gt; Star Shield is the defense force's use
of internet
for a whole lot of things including
including GPS.
&gt;&gt; Mhm.
&gt;&gt; So right now we have the GPS system. We
use it. Everybody knows how to block it.
But Starling can provide pnt. It can
provide point. It can provide time. It
can provide most of the signal that we
use all the signal actually that we use
not only location but timing uh for GPS.
So star shield can can become a shield
not only uh against GPS jamming but also
to replace GPS.
And Star Shield has got enormous growth.
But here's the thing.
SpaceX is a monopoly for space.
They launch 98%
of mass to orbit right now.
And that's about to go up once
Starship takes off. So I mean I it would
be very hard to value SpaceX. Very hard
to value SpaceX.
&gt;&gt; Oh, that's awesome. Yeah. Uh looks like
that there's a bid for Global Star $9
billion. Amazon is in talks. So is
Starlink
and uh this is a satellite
telecommunications group called Global
Star. Apple owns 20% of that company,
that organization. So this will it's
going to happen. And then guess what?
Perfect timing for uh Tesla to or SpaceX
to raise money. Well, Global Star is um
Apple's answer to direct cell.
Um and it's quite they have a fair
amount of satellites up right now. I
think over 200 now and they are global
and um it it seems that Amazon's bidding
for them to try and speed up because
they're they're taking a long time to
get their in fact they're overtime.
They've asked for additional time to get
their satellites up and Global Star is
like a short cut. I think um Tesla uh
sorry SpaceX are trying to bid for them
in opposition to Amazon. But it all
depends on what Apple says. If Apple
doesn't want either of them to own it,
they won't be able to own it because
Apple's the is the only real, you know,
big customer for Global Star. So, we'll
see what happens. I mean, it's pretty
obvious to me at this point when you
think about everything we just talked
about. SpaceX is uh XAI, which is AGI.
You've got Starlink connectivity across
the globe. How that's going to connect
to all of our robot taxis. Uh you and I
have talked done a show where cyber cabs
are very likely going to have Starlink,
you know, embedded in them. All the
robots need to have access. Uh and then
you've got this which is, you know,
direct direct to phone cell. It's going
to change if all these guys are dead.
&gt;&gt; We also know that Starlink have secured
about 70% of air traffic.
&gt;&gt; Um, so
&gt;&gt; they won the deal.
&gt;&gt; They won. They won most of the deals.
&gt;&gt; Amazon has JetBlue and Delta,
&gt;&gt; but that's it. [laughter]
&gt;&gt; Well, I'm sure has everyone else.
&gt;&gt; I'm sure they'll win a few more. Delta
is a big a big get, but I don't know
that they're going to keep Delta. I
think it's going to be very hard for
Delta to compete if they don't have, you
know, for two years, for the next two
years. And and the main the crazy part
of it is Jet Blue is like a year ahead
of Delta. That's that doesn't don't make
any sense at all. Anyway, it is what it
is.
&gt;&gt; Great conversation. Uh Tesla, SpaceX,
it's happening. We'll see where we go,
but we need to keep reporting on what's
going on with SpaceX. Uh but it looks
like that they're moving forward. IPO
probably on track for June. We'll see.
But that's everything signs pointing
that way. Whether or not they buy or
there's a merger of equal as you
explained with Tesla, that's we don't
know that. And that may not happen. What
do you think, Larry? January, February
next year.
&gt;&gt; Next year, March to June next year is my
is my sense of it. Yeah.
&gt;&gt; Alexandra thinks it can happen this
year. I I think it's it's possible.
She's right. It is possible and that's
what you talk to. What is possible? I
think it's highly improbable.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, exactly. Okay. Appreciate you,
Larry. That was always fun. You love
this topic. Uh, appreciate your
knowledge on it though. You are on fire
these days. Thank you. Follow Larry at
his exac account at Tesla Larry. Check
out his website at lumicenti.com. I've
created a website that is the most
comprehensive resource for the Tesla
investor. Please check it out. Simply go
to my website at herdomm.com.