Channel:     futureaza
Title:       HUGE week in Tesla - Grok'n the FSD, SpaceX news, and more
URL:         https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lfQ-YTGfMf8
Published:   2026-07-10 06:27 UTC
Fetched:     2026-07-11 08:00 UTC

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Welcome everyone to another Tesla Beat
151. Uh MDR will be joining us soon. But
Brian and Joe, how are you guys doing
this uh fine Friday morning?
&gt;&gt; What a busy week. It's almost as if
there is non-stop Tesla news. If we were
going to try and cover any other
company, uh I think we just meet once a
week because this is a a very special
kind of company doing a whole lot of
things. And just when you think, well,
the car front is quiet. Hey, uh I've got
news for you on batteries. I've got news
for you on factories. I've got news for
you on on chip developments. Who knows?
Uh so yeah, it's been a busy week. I'm
excited. Covering a lot of stuff.
Looking forward to the weekend.
&gt;&gt; Matthew, what's going on, man?
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Hey, everybody. excited to to join
and hear all this news from Brian.
&gt;&gt; Exactly. Uh Brian, get ready to take
over.
&gt;&gt; I'm upset.
&gt;&gt; Quick uh shout out to Insta 360. The
Link 2C um is an amazing portable
camera, but also it's changed. I know
several of uh my friends that are
content creators, it's become their main
camera. Um you know, replacing, you
know, what $500, $600 cameras, if not
$1,000 camera. Um, but really portable
camera. Check them out. They're posted
in the link here on YouTube. Um, and
with that said, um, let's jump into
another week of the Tesla beat. Never
dull moment as we all know. Um, so stock
has actually rebounded I think last
week. Well, rebounded for Tesla,
softened for SpaceX. So, it's I guess
we're playing this like teeter totter
thing. Um but uh it's at 407 408 from
393 for Tesla and then SpaceX is at 148
versus the 162 it was at last week. So
um yeah just you know kind of up and
down and um that's the stock. All right.
So Joe, what uh piece of mind do we have
now?
&gt;&gt; This is actually uh very cool. CyberCab
at the National Federation of the Blind
annual convention in Austin for a
hands-on experience for the
accessibility features for the blind
visually impaired customers. So they had
braille lettering on physical controls,
space for service animals. This is this
is Tesla being Tesla, right? The only
problem I have with this is that Tesla
does not
pat itself on the back enough. They
just, man, if they were very good about
getting all this stuff out there for
people to see the stuff they do, but
man, they they're just really bad at
that.
&gt;&gt; So, last year, one of my viewers reached
out to me and said, "I can't wait for
these to get to my state uh in the high
plains and because I am visually
impaired and I need this. I'm going to
be in Texas. Do you know anybody?" And I
said, "I know Joe Tegmire." So, I
connected them and they got together and
they spent a whole afternoon just
running all over town and uh she was
able to provide a bunch of feedback that
Tesla hadn't considered yet because they
weren't at that stage. Uh things like uh
putting putting braille on the on the
door latches uh so that you and I might
not notice it. We might just think, "Oh,
it's just tactile." And uh but for them,
they can understand everything going on.
uh they could add uh and a lot of the
feedback got direct to the engineers and
they were able to make the changes. So
things like your phone telling you which
direction your cyber cab is to go walk
towards. Uh and that's equally true of
robo taxi. So they are aware they are
taking it seriously and now we're here.
Uh and I do think Tesla does a lot of
things that are either not required or
not required yet uh to make the world a
slightly better place. And isn't that
the direction we should all be going?
&gt;&gt; Yeah, I think this is a great move. It
reminds me of Apple. You know, Apple was
one of the first companies to create all
these um you know, ADA functionality on
iOS for you know, people with
disabilities to use their phones and
they didn't have to do it. And um I
think it was I think it was Tim Apple
could have been Steve Jobs was asked
like why why Apple's wasting all this
money on it when it's such a serving
such a small market and uh Tim said you
know this is this is just the right
thing to do and and the thing about
Tesla is when you're expanding uh robo
taxi in different markets you're going
to have these ADA requirements. So most
cities will require you have a certain
percentage of your vehicles can support
like wheelchairs or you need to offer
like child seats as an option. So like
if you book a Uber, you can book a a
child safety seat as well. Um so Tesla
is going to have to serve you know this
market as you know if it wants to expand
and take over all of ride share. So it's
a ne necessity to start thinking about
people with disabilities.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. I think especially if you're
thinking of one building a car and two
especially something like offering like
a robo taxi fleet and again um Matthew
you shared a great example of like the
stuff Apple was doing but what I was
saying is it's always important um to
think about those not I'm not going to
call edge cases but the most ext the
hardest use cases and you know to kind
of like so you can essentially handle
everything so that as you grow cuz again
um again if you look at Herbert's
interview with Lars, people are not
going to fully understand the amount of
AI that that Tesla will be putting out
in the next 5 years. And so when you
think of the cyber cab to be able to
handle every use case whether you know
uh you're disabled uh you know in a
wheelchair or you're blind they want to
be able to handle every situation
um as as much as possible to create
those use cases especially with a car
that they're expecting to produce
millions. So, um, at least my thought
would be, um, you know, it's really good
that they're they're doing this and I
love seeing that, um, you know, them get
ahead of it because this car has
technically not been, um, actually like
released into the public yet. You know,
we're seeing them all over the streets.
I was expecting it to be announced this
past Tuesday, but I think once Herbert's
interview went live, they were probably
like, "Okay, we're going to wait another
week, so it's not like
or whatever it is." But no matter what,
um, this vehicle is going to be produced
in the millions. They are in so many
hives across the country. And so, um,
I'm really glad that they're looking at
this. And it sounds like, you know, even
Brian's friend, you know, they're giving
feedback. So, they were they were
already probably expecting to do
something like this. Um, just again when
you think of, you know, um, service
animals, um, wheelchair situations, all
of that needs to be able to be it needs
to be capable of dealing with. So, um,
I'm I'm happy that they got that
approval.
&gt;&gt; And it' be cool to see the Y on the as
well. I'm thinking on the mobility
front, having Grock in the car is going
to be tremendous because before you get
out of your cyber cab, your robo taxi,
you can say, "So Grock, where actually
is my destination?" Because I can't see
it. What is my environment around me?
And Grock at that point should have
access to the cameras where it can say,
"Okay, you are, you know, one foot from
the curb. Uh you are at the, you know,
southeast corner. You're going to turn
right and walk a block." uh or you know
30 feet is where the door is. Uh those
kinds of things you're not going to get
that from the competition. The
competition does not have that roadmap
to integration. Uh that's going to make
it pretty significant. on the big 77
announcement when Herbert uh revealed
that my thought was that it was going to
be Y L and then Y L came out on the
second and I thought oh it's not Y L
that's strange and I still think the
seven seven announcement was Y L and
they just jumped the gun cuz long car
long weekend long dog in their post on X
uh let's just do it now. So, uh, I got a
lot of heat for saying that the YIL was
coming to the US. A lot of I had people
unsubscribe because how dare you think
you're smarter than Elon. He said, "If
ever. That means it's not coming." And I
said, "Well, if ever does have if in it,
and it is coming because why wouldn't
it? It doesn't make sense any other
way." Uh, so maybe those people will
come flooding back to subscribe and
apologize.
I don't I don't think
&gt;&gt; Brian, why you got to call me out, man?
I was one of those people who
unsubscribed. Jeez.
&gt;&gt; Oh, man. Could you imagine?
&gt;&gt; No. Um, so what's crazy too is I know I
I mean I don't know if you talked about
this on your show, but they're only
making the Y out of Texas. It's not out
of Fremont. So I think it's partially
because of the capacity. Um, but they
are not being made here in in
California. So, um, can't go further
into how I also confirm that, but it's
just they're not being made out of out
of Fremont. So, um, it was
&gt;&gt; your capacity point is exactly right.
You you know that I mean, you've been
through Fremont how many times? You
know, that factory is tapped out. They
do not have capacity. Uh, and Texas
does. So, make it there. Most companies
only make a given model in one or maybe
two factories worldwide. So, this isn't
that unusual.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. And who knows how many like what
the breakdown will be. I think they'll
sell well, but I don't know out of 100
Model Y's that are going out. Is it 10?
Is it 15 of the 100 mix, right? But um
with that said, uh they they made the
right call cuz yeah, um Tesla,
especially with them getting rid of the
S and the X, they're putting in the
Optimus line, which they're building out
for the very first time. They haven't
done this, so it's going to be probably
like a slow ramp to building that
production line as Elon has said
publicly. Um, but yeah, I mean, they
literally have once the marriage happens
between, you know, the paint and then
the body and the battery, it literally
goes on a conveyor belt to what was
called the Model 3 tent gets assembled
literally in like again, you know, a
really nice expensive tent and then goes
to, you know, it's pretty much
completely assembled in a tent. So
there's no further room and you're
already talking 5 1.5 million square ft
that's been pretty much tapped out. Um
but with that said, um yeah, I'm looking
forward to seeing them on the road. I
think actually I think it was um Jay uh
one of our um community members saw one
at in Fremont the other day. So I was
like going around and it wasn't covered
at all. So um it's great to see it and I
I would agree with you that must that
must have been the the actual
announcement and it makes sense. Why
wait till Tuesday when it's a really
long weekend? And I think they actually
had I think it was Sawyer who looked at
the dog tag um or the the tag from the
the long dog to see and I think that was
ended up being the the Y launch series
logo most likely, but I don't know. So,
we we'll see. All right. So, with that
said, all right, so this was something.
Yeah, it was it was a huge weekend
actually. It's crazy. I can't I can't
believe like July 4th was last weekend.
It feels like it was such a long time
ago. Um but yeah, they announced uh the
Y L and then randomly drop Oh, we're
launching the robo taxi service and then
it wasn't just like we're launching the
robo taxi service. It's like it was like
unsupervised. So they didn't even you
know go supervised to unsupervised. It
was just like all right let's just you
know release everything. Um Ashock
released that and people were posting
videos. So, um, and you know, again,
shout out to David Moss, too, who, you
know, went out there, got some footage,
and then there was a couple other guys
in the community who posted videos, too.
But, um, I was shocked to see that they
they just went raw and just launched it.
Obviously, I know they probably were
doing a lot of testing. Um, but really
happy to see, I believe, what is the
fourth city that is now unsupervised.
Um, so really happy to see them,
especially in such a big city like
Miami. Fourth city is exciting. More
exciting is second state. Uh this is the
that's what really got me is I I thought
so. So we now have two states
unsupervised. Yeah. This is just going
to keep going from here, isn't it?
&gt;&gt; Yeah. And it's not just any any city,
right? It's not like um like a smaller
like Fort Lauderdale or something. I
mean, they went to the the busiest city
outside of maybe Orlando.
So,
&gt;&gt; it's not even Arizona where they've got
where robo taxis from various brands
have been testing for a decade. This is
a whole new place.
&gt;&gt; Yeah,
that's the beauty of vision. I mean, you
can put it in and it just works. We see
that from how it works in in other
countries versus just the United States.
You can just put it in and and it works.
I was I was uh I was driving yesterday,
well supervising and and I had uh and I
was in a uh I was at a park, but the
park wasn't on the on the map, but still
FSD knew to exit on one side of the park
and and go out and it wasn't you
couldn't see it on the map because it
was a new it was a whole new area. And I
was just like, man, this is incredible
that it can see that that's the
direction to go, you know? I mean, it
could have easily just did a U-turn and
and went around the long way around the
block, but which is what uh I think
navigation was trying to get it to do,
but it vision is pretty awesome.
&gt;&gt; Uh worth noting that uh New Jersey
strongly disagrees with no understanding
of the technology whatsoever, without
having consulted anyone except maybe
their internet friends. They're
thinking, you know what, maybe we should
mandate radar and LAR if they want to
operate in the state. And I even had a
viewer say, oh, maybe that will push
Tesla in that direction. I said, no,
what'll push Tesla is out of New Jersey.
Y'all can get robo taxis when you decide
to catch up with the future because
we've seen the performance of radar and
LAR based cars. It is not better than
Tesla. It is worse despite having spent
more money. It is clearly no silver
bullet. And thinking that you know
better than the engineers who actually
designed these things is insanity.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. I think people think it's a
hardware problem, but it's clearly a
software and programming uh problem that
needs to and Tesla's got got the
wizards. You know what I mean? Everybody
else doesn't.
&gt;&gt; It's not a lack of uh it's not a lack of
perception, but a lack of uh
understanding. So, uh they've got great
eyes. Uh good. You can see all around
you with millimeter precision. Do you
know where to go? Nah, no idea. We're
just going to bump into each other and
rub lidar.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Um to hit on the whole my um the
New Jersey thing, I I exactly went to
where uh what you said um when one of
your um viewers or commenters mentioned
it. Uh yeah, I was like, "Yeah, they're
going to just move out of New Jersey,
right?" It's just like like how big is
New Jersey? I'm sorry. You're not
California. You're not I mean, you're
probably as big a little bit bigger than
Rhode Island. No, no, no, no shade. But
it's just like it's not like you're
going to be able to um you know, inform
a whole industry and and where they're
headed. So, if they want to be the uh
the odd man out here, they are going to
you know, and that and that's fine. I
don't think you know, again, New Jersey
is not a major market. I don't think if
they pass something that it's going to
become like uh like um a nationwide
thing. Um especially when Tesla is
already unsupervised as you said in two
states. Um but yeah, it's just if you
want to be stuck on stupid and stick
your head in the hole uh from where
things are going, it's just it's it it
it's just, you know, you really things
are like 10 years ago or more
importantly like 8 years ago when I
started it's like you know if you were
in the south and you didn't want you
know these companies coming that was
like all right makes sense you know you
want to block it out you got all these
dealerships this is even stupider than
that but at least it's like um you know
at least it was it made sense sense back
then because, you know, there was
lobbyists and people trying to protect,
you know, dealership business because
they're the ones making the most money.
It's not even the company, the OEMs
making the money. It's the dealerships
making the money. Shout out to Sandy
Monroe for exposing that. But it's just
um one of those things where it was
really
whatever New Jersey is doing and where
they're headed is it's not going to be
good for the uh the people who live in
New Jersey.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, I've got three three things to add
here. Um, number one is every state and
every city is in competition. You know,
if you're if you're opening up a a huge
manufacturing plant and you want it, you
know, somewhere in the Northeast and
you're thinking about putting it in
Pennsylvania or New Jersey, if in one of
those states your employees can get to
work and get home in a robo taxi for
pennies on the dollar versus driving
themselves or or taking an Uber or
spending a long time on a bus or train
like which which state are you going to
choose? So, it's making it's going to
make New Jersey less competitive with
its competitors. Um, number two is we're
going to see national um legislation
about this. We've already seen these um
proposals for AI rules where where
individual municipalities, cities,
states cannot cannot regulate AI and
only the federal government can regulate
AI. So, we're going to see something
similar here. The third thing is New
Jersey did a similar thing with
superchargers. So, there used to be
superchargers, you know, at all the
major exits. Um,
Yeah.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. And they they force Tesla to pull
these out, replace them with a more
expensive, less reliable solution, and
just makes life worse for their
citizens. So like why why would a
government want to do things that make
life worse for their citizens? So we'll
see this we'll see this all changing.
It's really bad for government to force
um how an outcome uh is derived versus
just forcing the outcome. you know, the
government can can can say you have to
achieve a certain safety level um to be
able to operate, but saying how you get
to that level is really silly. Same
thing has happened with the three-point
seat belts. You know, when we were all
learning to drive as teenagers, a seat
belt then is exactly the same as a seat
belt now because the federal government
has regulated how a a safety harness
works. So, even though a four-point or a
six-point harness would be much safer,
no automaker can actually put that into
their vehicle. You know, if you buy a a
GT car like a you know, a Porsche race
car or something, you can purchase like
a four or six point harness and it's
going to make it a lot safer for you.
Um, so it's really silly to to regulate
how an outcome is achieved instead of
just regulating that an outcome must be
achieved.
I I really think that New Jersey's
slogan is making your life a little bit
worse. I swear there's a reason cities
and states have arts councils and it's
not because they're just super excited
about paying artists. They can say that
they are, but the reality is they want a
more livable, more desirable city or
state to be in. And in the comments, JD
did have a correction. No seat belts.
Maddie, you don't remember. You get in
the car and it go
K and close in on you automatically
through a mechanical channel that was
deeply unreliable and didn't work all
that well. They really tried some fun
stuff in the 80s and 90s. Guys, you
would have loved it.
&gt;&gt; I used to have a Honda Prelude that had
had that.
&gt;&gt; Did you put the B sauce on the back?
&gt;&gt; No. No. But but I I think Ma Matthew
brings up what probably one of the
greatest points is is about, you know,
money for the city and citizens and and
thinking about, you know,
that that should be the goal. You should
be looking out for
your your community, you know? I mean,
it shouldn't be about your bias or
whatever. And you can tell clearly this
is a a bias and not really about what's
best for the citizens of New Jersey. So
they just keep digging their hole.
That is unfortunate.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, unfortunately. Um but yeah, it's
it's uh it's one of those things where I
mean you're seeing it happen. I don't
you're seeing it happen in some of these
states uh with you know these huge CEOs
moving out of them because of
overregulation or overt taxation. um
they're they're positioning themselves
for the like the long term and stuff and
so um and you're seeing it you you know
we've seen it here right we've been uh
covering this company for years now some
of us longer than others and you know
how long did we have FSD before Europe
got it right I'm glad they finally got
it but I can't tell you I think even you
know I I know some of the employees who
spent probably days if not weeks
creating the documents that went to you
know the Netherlands, I think, is it the
RDW or um the whatever the um the actual
um commission was in the Netherlands,
the the amount of documentation and
write-ups that they had to create just
to get the the the thing over the line,
but thank thankfully they did that. But
that's why it literally took years for
them to get this approval. And have we
heard of another country getting
approved yet? I think it's only been the
five right right now. So, I have not
heard any new countries in Europe light
light up yet. But, uh, with that said,
it's um, you know, regulation can really
uh, you know, uh, kill businesses and
New Jersey. Shout out to them. But,
thank you, Matthew, for reminding us. I
remember that whole situation. And I
remember um, Doug uh, from the his
name's Triangle. He's the one with the
sword on X and he went and did like a
whole like walkthrough of that that
place. But uh yeah, it's it's I didn't I
didn't remember I I did not remember
until you mentioned it that it was New
Jersey.
&gt;&gt; All right, Joe, tell us about the safe
haven, man.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, just buy a Cybert truck.
No. Uh this is this is pretty cool. This
is uh this is a guy from Facebook. Tesla
Cybertruck bulletproof body helped
protect the toddler, an infant in the
neighborhood during a shooting. The
Cybertruck became a real life shelter
during a chaotic Fourth of July
neighborhood party. So, guns were drawn
and things went crazy and the the guy
put his put his kid in the truck and
that is that is awesome.
&gt;&gt; I've I've met him in Florida at least
once or twice. Uh so it it becomes a
little more personal when it's someone
you know whose life was actually saved.
We don't know that someone would have
died, but now we know for sure that they
didn't. Uh you don't need a bulletproof
car, but if you can have one and you
live in a place where bullets are, you
know, complimentary that they go around
like confetti, maybe maybe consider
putting your family in the safest
vehicle you possibly can.
&gt;&gt; Florida is going to Florida.
Yeah, Florida's a a different place.
&gt;&gt; Florida is truly a different place.
&gt;&gt; Even the Gators do bath salts.
&gt;&gt; Exactly. Um uh side note, I was actually
on a a podcast that's going to be
released with the Accelerate guys. Um,
but either way, they were talking about
how the you know, we were talking about
uh, you know, how you'll, let's say, go
to a concert and you'll be stuck, you'll
be stuck in traffic uh, and maybe you
want to get out. But we were talking
about the integration with Grock and
again, you talked about, you know,
people that that are blind or maybe that
are in a wheelchair that want to ask
Grock.
When that marriage happens between, you
know, Grock essentially becoming the the
brain inside the car that's linked up to
pure vision, you're going to see, I
mean, it's going to be wild, right?
Like, hey, hey, Grock, I I want you to
pull over here instead of going all the
way into um or hey, like, you know,
Grock, tell me about the the business
hours at McDonald's at 12:00 p.m. on a
Friday, you know, can you pull over to
the bank instead so I can park there?
Um, and when that happens, I mean,
you're going to see that's where that's
where you're going to see a Whimo pretty
much like a Whimo experience versus a
Tesla experience just completely go like
this. So, it's no longer going to be
because like right now, right, you have
an average car. The Tesla experience is
like way up here because of full
self-driving, but now you're going to
have a Whimo experience where it's not
going to be, you know, unless you're
talking to Gemini and they somehow, you
know, make that work. that again that's
a completely different business model
for them. It's no longer um it's no
longer um an interactive experience. Um
and then even too is just being able to
put on music to adjust you know the the
climate all of that stuff will be able
to happen with that voice over. Um and
so yeah that's just where things will
accelerate. So similar along those lines
uh FSD would be twice as useful. So,
there's a comment from Chris GBT. Uh,
FSD will would be twice as useful in
neighborhoods if I could actually talk
to the car and tell it which way to
drive. Um, it tell it which driveway to
pull in the same way I would with a
person driving me home. Right now, there
isn't an actual uh there isn't really an
input for telling Tesla what color the
house is or giving it specific context
like that. Google Maps is also notorious
for putting pins on houses that aren't
actually yours.
Um, it would be so cool if I could talk
to the car while going down my street
and say something like, "Uh, it's the
White House on the left just past the
SUV." And then FC remembered that for
the next time. Um, well, I don't know if
the SUV is always going to be on the
street, but yeah, with that said, u
Ashock was like, "Hey, uh, we're working
on it." But yeah, I would love to be
able to cuz sometimes when it pulls into
my driveway, half the time it's backing
in, the other half time it's like
pulling over or pulling pulling in the
normal way and then a lot of times I
like to be on a certain side in my
driveway. So, but either way, this is
where things are going to really take a
shift once that marriage happens. You
know, they're working it on it. you
know, they're testing it, but this is
what really will just change, you know,
how Tesla operates in that interactive
experience.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, there's a lot of talk about the
brain and the robot itself as we use it
daily is already great, but once you
start to integrate that brain, it's
going to be next level.
&gt;&gt; And worth noting that when Ashok says
working on it, when Ashok says
timelines, when Ashok says kind of
anything, it's real. he has to answer to
the CEO and he does. Uh so that means
that I put a lot of faith in what he
says. If you look at the timelines he's
laid out in the past, he's got a batting
average that's well over 800. It's
probably uh you know uh I think the only
one that was missed by at all. There
were two that were missed. One was a few
days late and the other was something to
do with Model S and X getting I think
summon or something like that. But
everything else ever he's hit on. So
that's uh worth remembering.
&gt;&gt; All right, Joe.
The most good.
Yeah, this is uh pretty awesome. So, the
they put out the uh the highlights from
the 2025 impact report
and
man Tesla just they go over and and
beyond what what they need to do and and
that's just pretty cool. But anyway, the
couple of things to highlight here. The
Model 3 pricing is well below the
average new car in the US, which is
staggering to think about. Like a few
years ago, that was just a crazy crazy
uh thing to even imagine. But now you
have the average price at 49,000, Model
3 starting at 36. It's like, yeah, you
could go buy a Toyota Corolla or
get a vehicle that drives itself. So,
um, all the metric tons avoided
by, you know, thought by using the EVs,
like I mean, these stats, I mean, the
crazy stats that that uh Tesla just
contributed to the well-being of like
the world in general. It's just it's
really cool. The impact report is pretty
awesome.
&gt;&gt; And on that price
&gt;&gt; Yeah. And on that price, if a new
competitor hit the market, if the new
Volvo came out and it was equipped and
reliable and fun like the the base Model
3, it wouldn't be 37,000. It'd be 45,
50, 55. And if the competition could
build that car and sell it for even
within 5,000 of that price, they would
it would be a hit. And yet I've still
got people saying, "Oh, yeah, but I only
buy used cars." My friend, every used
car began its life as a new car. If
these are below average and people are
buying them in volume, which they are,
it means they're going to be available
on the secondary market in a matter of
time. Uh, and so if you're looking at
that, so well, yeah, but they're still
too expensive three years from now. Hey,
that's a great problem to have for the
people buying them new. That's a great
problem to have because if you look at
used cars, when I was looking at a used
minivan, the Toyotas cost way more than
the Nissan's because it's a better car.
So, uh, yeah, this is all very
encouraging news.
&gt;&gt; I'll tell you something as a side note.
the uh the Model S is increased on the
on the used market now. They were like
uh like the older 2015 2016 2017 Model S
were like eight grand. Now they're like
14,000 right now. It's uh pretty crazy.
My cousin had he's like he's like I'll
sell mine and and get more than I paid
for. Like I was like it's it's pretty
wild right now for the Model S. And I
imagine it's probably going for the
Model X too. It's just uh the rarity of
them I guess is hitting people
&gt;&gt; and well especially on some of the older
ones maybe the free uh free um
supercharging as well depending on how
old they are.
All right. So, Rocketwoman, uh Gwen
gives graciously um she said, "My
husband and I are honored and thrilled
to participate to invest in America uh
program and gift uh a share of our
SpaceX stock to the Trump accounts for
each more than 2 million children across
our great nation." So, uh, shout out to
her for, um, you know, using some of
that SpaceX stock, um, that she has for,
uh, really the future.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, it it's a it's a actually a huge
deal because it's like it's no small
feat. It was like a quarter of a billion
dollars and each kid is going to be uh,
getting shares in SpaceX. So, it it's
it's a pretty cool program.
facts. All right, Joe, this one's to
you, man. Semi.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, there's a
Oh, that I put the wrong I put the wrong
headline. Okay. But this is a this is an
interview that um
that uh the governor of New York and I
mean governor of New York, the governor
of Texas and uh and Elon were talking
about and and they were talking about
the things that are coming down the pike
and it was uh it was only like 15
minutes but it was pretty cool. You know
his moon first, Starship and and AI and
they had a really good uh dialogue. So I
thought that was pretty cool. And it
just it just makes sense to have him on
because he is the Grega bot. I'm pretty
sure that's how you pronounce his name.
So if you're talking about bots, it just
makes sense.
&gt;&gt; Fact.
&gt;&gt; Exactly.
&gt;&gt; All right. Look at Look at Will Smith.
He's eating spaghetti. Uh and look at
how much it's improved.
Um well, yeah, I think it's the again
you're seeing the AI race that's
happening. um you know, Meta releasing a
new one, Grock releasing 4.5,
um and all of these companies are just
heating up and it's crazy how much it's
improved in the past year. Um and uh
just seeing all of the the benchmarkings
that are happening in the rankings.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, it's pretty crazy. Hans had a
really good uh statement about like uh
the evolution of of the the AI and
stuff. I was kind of hoping he could
have been here today, but but it but
it's moving at a clip that I don't think
people are really prepared for. When
Elon said in in in the in the AI uh
uh uh uh thing he had when all the all
the guys were up on stage with him, he
was saying that it's going to be able to
to help figure things out like within
like the next year or two. He was not
kidding. And you're g you're seeing it
where I mean just in that Will Smith
clip like it's it's pretty crazy to see
like how it started. Eyes over here and
spaghetti all over the place and stuff
like that and and where it is now. But
but that's just a small part of AI,
right? You're talking about the
integration of having it figure out new
methodologies and figuring out new ways
to do stuff that we haven't thought
about because it's it's got everybody's
brains in one brain and and it can
hypothesize better than we can. And so I
I think it's like uh things are things
are heating up.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, just to say the very very least.
All right, so back to some Tesla news.
Um, so if you're familiar with the
Austin area, I actually saw it a couple
weeks back. Um, there was the huge cyber
cab hive, which was kind of like
literally all there was like a bunch of
like black um, you know, paper or
whatever felt that they covered the
fences with to like you know, showca to
not allow anyone to see what was in. And
um you know at least with Josh and and
Bearded Tesla, we drove by and you I
mean we saw you know dozens if not you
know 50 60 of them just hidden behind
there. Um and I can tell you you know it
was it it literally was just a random
parking lot that looked abandoned and
they just have this huge fence. I mean
they're at this point they're not even
it's kind of funny they're not even
buying or using like um you know these
buildings. They're literally like buying
like parking lots or renting parking
lots um just because of the amount of
cyber cap. But anyway, they they finally
um pulled back the curtain and now um
it's just hey, we're not going to hide
this. We're if you're not seeing that
the sky is blue, um sorry, but now you
can fully see that it's blue. So, um
autonomy is coming. The future's coming.
And again, I'm I'm waiting to see. I
like I said, I think um I saw a video
the other day too where um they you know
the first ever unsupervised cyber cab
was spotted testing. I think again that
was David Moss um who who who showcased
that in in the Austin area. So I'm
waiting for when that release happens
and when they get release that to the
public. So should be interesting.
&gt;&gt; All right. I I I did want to say real
quick just that uh we've been trying to
explain this to people. They've been
deeply skeptical. They don't want to
understand. And what you said makes
perfect sense. We've been telling you
the sky is blue. But we've got all these
people on social media running outside
and going um the sky is gray. It's
cloudy, you guys. Uh it's sunset. The
sky is actually red, right? But the sky
is blue. So if you don't want to
acknowledge that, that's fine. But the
rest of us are moving on. This the
privacy fencing is down. If you don't
want to acknowledge that there are a
thousand cyber cabs just waiting to be
deployed, you can do that. That's what
makes you happy. There's another boat
leaving soon. You missed the last six.
Uh maybe maybe boats aren't for you. Uh
miss the boat again.
Missed. Seriously.
All right. So Joe, tell us about boring
stuff.
&gt;&gt; This is pretty cool. The the pre-cast
concrete operation in Dubai has got
kicked off and uh everything everything
is done remotely as you know because you
have a a four-part series coming out
about it
&gt;&gt; starting Saturday.
&gt;&gt; Yay. If you guys want to see how the
proof rock, which is literally the drill
that drills through uh and and makes the
tunnels and how those you can see here,
those six segments here on the I guess
it's my right, but either way, the the
crew standing in front of it, those six
segments make up the ring of the tunnel
and uh those are being uh laid and
pushed together like Lego pieces as
they're pulling out the dirt and
drilling at the same time once
everything's set up. So, the drill will
be going, the dirt's coming out, the
segments are being pushed in by a a line
trucker that can hold, you know, tens of
thousands of pounds that's literally
driving in autonomously, too. Um, I I
was able to actually drive it with a
remote control PS5 controller. And, um,
then that was me driving it versus it
can actually drive itself. Um, but with
that said, um, you know, um, that that's
coming out tomorrow, uh, part one.
&gt;&gt; Boring.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. If you want to be insanely boring.
&gt;&gt; Uh, the thing is, too, it's four. It's a
4-hour video. So, that's why we had to
break it up in segments of four because
I think people would would it it's for
us who it's for the geeks. It's for the
people who want to know and see
something behind the scenes. It's a lot
of information.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. But Joe, um, with that said, what
is the upbeat?
&gt;&gt; This is our rapid news segment. We're
going to kick it off with, uh, getting
the quick quick beats of information.
Did you guys have Did you guys look at
it before? Anybody have a chance to keep
it?
&gt;&gt; No. That's why we're doing Repire. All
right. MDR, uh, Optimus supply chain
progress.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. you know, we're seeing we're we're
seeing all um you know, every every few
weeks or months we're seeing some great
updates from competitors of Optimus, but
we're not seeing really any update
updates from Optimus. But the one thing
that we've learned about Tesla is Tesla
knows how to scale. And that's probably
what's going to be the biggest
differentiator in producing Optim right
are these humanoid robots. You know, you
can create a great robot. Uh you might
even be able to create incredible AI to
power the robot, but how are you going
to build a hundred thousand of them and
then a million and then a hundred
million and then a billion? Uh and you
know, we're already seeing things moving
on the supply chain side for for Tesla
and even even if other people create a
bot that's just as good or even better
than Optimus, how are they going to
produce this kind of numbers? um the
only competition really seems to be
coming from China where you know 95 plus
percent of all humanoid robots are are
being built. But I really would be
surprised if if a lot of you know
European and North American countries
are going to feel safe allowing China to
essentially send in an army of of robots
that could be turned on or turned off or
controlled at any point in time. So the
supply chain and you know ramping up
manufacturing these bots is what's going
to determine the winner.
&gt;&gt; And I don't think it's even about the
fear of maybe the robots being turned on
you. They're already watching you in
your home. That's the part that should
concern everybody. Uh yes, I'm going to
build robots. I'm going to compete with
Tesla. I've got really good batteries. I
bought them from China or Japan or
Korea. Uh where do the batteries for
Optimus come from? for the factory
they're building in Texas across the
campus. They come from the other side of
the campus. And where does the lithium
come from for those batteries? It comes
from Corpus Christi, Texas. This is how
you shorten the supply chain. This is
how you do things faster and ultimately
cheaper and if not cheaper than just
kind of better. Uh so that's yeah,
that's all happening. It's real.
&gt;&gt; It is real.
All right, Brian. Uh, McLaren versus the
Plaid. We've seen this before.
&gt;&gt; Hey, if you want a noisy car, I don't
know if Tesla is for you. And when I
hear some motorhead out there burning it
up, I just shake my head and go, "Ah,
it's adorable." But look, if I can hear
your car, it's slow. And that's almost
universally true. There are some loud
cars that are fast or quick, but the
reality is you're not going to beat the
all-wheel drive uh instant traction
control uh monstrosity that is the
electric drivetrain, and Plaid does it
real well. It's not the fastest or
quickest electric car, but it costs a
quarter of the cars that uh what the
faster cars do. So, yeah, McLaren, it's
ador it's beautiful. If you want art,
get art. If you want a quick car, find
yourself a plaid.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, no doubt that that race was
hilarious because
you could The guy I think he must just
give up when he realizes that
I mean like you're talking like five car
links. Like the the plaid just takes off
and in and that McLaren it's it's a
hybrid by the way. It should be
&gt;&gt; Yeah. pretty quick. The Artura is a is a
hybrid. So it's supposed to be the the
faster. 0 to 60 is 3 seconds though, so
it didn't really have a chance. Anyways,
&gt;&gt; last year at Cyberfest and Furious,
someone brought their modified Escalade
out to the track and said, I want to go
up against a Cyber Beast. And the event
organizers were like, should we just
should we just put him up against a dual
motor? Let's just put him up against a
dual motor. And the guy's like walk in
the park, which is what it looked like
he was doing next to the the Cybert
truck. Because as loud as your Escalade
is, as modified as it is, you honestly
think you're going to beat this 6,000B
truck, you are not. And it was hilarious
and embarrassing.
&gt;&gt; Just a little bit. All right, Joe. The
Porsche downfall.
Yeah, this is uh this is kind of sad
news. Uh but automotive supplier faces
bankruptcy. It says here that the
decision was farreaching consequences.
Porsche is withdrawing all orders from
German automotive supplier until
September uh 2026. The company has
therefore announced that it will
initiate insolveny proceedings on
October 1st. This is shocking news for
140 plus employees.
Yeah, the writing is on the wall and
it's happening. All right, MDR. Uh,
&gt;&gt; is somewhere like laughing in his pillow
right now?
&gt;&gt; Well, he's still getting paid.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Yeah, he's they're still they have
to pay him out of his contract. What is
he getting paid for like the next few
years or something?
&gt;&gt; Well, yes. I mean, they had him in
contract. If you want to get rid of me,
you can, but you're going to pay me. So,
he can laugh all he wants. He was right.
He knew what was going on. And
unfortunately, the ripples of this
company going broke because Porsche was
not their only client is going to be
farreaching and this is just the
beginning. Uh their shakeup continues.
&gt;&gt; Facts. All right. MDR, we know Bill
Gates would say that this is vaporware,
but mega charging Tesla Semi.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. So, Tesla continues to build out
the the Mega Charger for the Semi. Um,
the thing that I'm most excited about
about charging the semi is it can be
done while the vehicle is being loaded
and unloaded, which you know, most most
semi-truckss are short hall, they're not
long haul. You know, one charge will get
them to their destination. So, if you
put the chargers at at the loading bays,
uh, you're never going to have to to
stop to refuel. The other really cool
thing about charging is that in a in a
you know diesel powered truck by law the
operator of the vehicle has to be there
refueling the vehicle at all times. So
if you're if you're pumping you know
pumping your diesel at the gas station
you can't go and have lunch and take a
shower. Uh you have to sit there make
you know the entire time it's filling
up. Um this can take quite a long time.
you know, it's a it's a it's a safety
thing why the driver has to be there.
Um, but it's it's a huge huge waste of
time. So, this is essentially a
timesaver. Um eventually it'll be it'll
be really interesting if we see Tesla
expand its wireless charging to the
semis because that way they could have
chargers you know everywhere everywhere
at all all the loading days um very
easily and you know even very short hall
very quick kind of drop offs and pickups
could still be used to charge the truck.
So uh it's going to be exciting to see
the growth of of the charging
infrastructure for the semi.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. And the possibilities.
Yeah. Um, yeah, it'll be really
interesting, too. especially I would
assume um you know obviously they're
going to try to improve like how many
kilowatts these batteries can charge up
to but you know the the mobile charging
especially when you look at the cyber
cab in the future they have to be
thinking about it and they have to also
in the same way that they're setting up
these like robo taxi hubs they have to
be thinking around like you know in key
parts of the city where can they enable
the mobile charging uh for their fleets
unless they're obviously going to have
them return home depending on uh you
know what the final specs of the range
and stuff are, but you know that mobile
charging will have to be a part of an
autonomous feature. It's just it's just
the writing on the wall. All right, so
with that said, actually uh Brian, you
mentioned it. You might go down, but uh
Tesla Dino turns one.
&gt;&gt; So the LA Owners Club uh reached out to
me and said, "Hey man, can you do you
want to come to this?" And I thought,
"Uh yeah, I mean I do." So, I'm almost
definitely going to be down on the 21st
for the uh one-year anniversary, the
happy birthday party for the Tesla
Diner. I've convinced Randy Kirk to show
up as well. We're both going to be
there. And uh we won't be giving
presentations or anything. It's not that
kind of event. Uh so that means you can
ask us your questions directly and uh
watch us have fun answering them. Uh the
diner, man. Uh it's ridiculous. It's
only been a year. How have I been there
four times? Uh, so I I didn't know that
I got to LA that much, but I guess I do.
Uh, if you haven't been out there, get
out there. The food is a little It's
priced about like the rest of the area.
It's an expensive area. It might be
priced a hair over it, but the that you
can ask them where the hamburger came
from, and they know which farm. It's all
local, uh, organic, high quality, good
ingredients, and the atmosphere is just
a great experience. It's a great
environment, worth checking out. Uh, and
who knows, maybe we'll see more Tesla
diners popping up around the country,
around the world. I look forward to
that, too. But the fact that it's only
been a year is pretty remarkable.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, they they need more of these, for
sure. I remember a year ago um literally
standing out, oh it's going to open up
at 7 a.m. I'm there at like 5 and it's
like it didn't open till 4.
&gt;&gt; So
&gt;&gt; because because Fron wanted to be there,
right?
&gt;&gt; I know. I know.
We're like, "Oh, it's gonna it's going
to be open at 8 a.m. We're you know."
So, of course, Tesla Geeks, we're like
we're there at 5. And then I remember
even at one point every day Chris had to
go back to his house an hour away and
come back cuz he had to tend to some
family needs. Um and it like that's how
like we were there. We were cooked by
the time it happened and just cuz we
were exhausted from being up so early
and
um but yeah, great to see it. Uh, I know
they they have pancakes that they'll be
doing. Um, and a lot of and I I assume
the Tesla robot will be there. Don't
know. Haven't checked with anyone, but
um hopefully they have that going. All
right, so with that said, brings the one
episode 151 to a close. Um, couple of
quick things. I cannot believe we are
officially 3 months away from the X
Takeover. We did announce um 300 more
tickets. I believe we're less than 200
left. So, we're we're just going to
leave those open until it sells out
again. We're not in a a big rush again
because these were pro bono from Tesla
as far as like they opened up the
capacity. Um, but with that said, go to
XTO to get your tickets. We have May
Musk coming to talk about her latest
book, uh, Timeless, which will be
awesome. And then, uh, well, more to
come on this, uh, Site View AI is our
presenting sponsor. Um, they're doing
some amazing stuff in the manufacturing
side. We'll we'll share more details
soon. So, uh but with that said, uh you
know, just want to thank you to whether
you're on um wherever you're watching,
thank you for supporting uh this
podcast, um for all of these amazing
co-hosts, to Joe for creating the deck.
Um and with that said, we will catch you
guys all next week. Um, everyone is
tagged again. So, patronize them and we
will catch you guys all on the 152.
&gt;&gt; Are they tagged properly? The the proper
names are tagged.
&gt;&gt; Not not last week, but
&gt;&gt; just checking. Just check.
&gt;&gt; It was like future Zaza or something. I
don't know. Remember, but
&gt;&gt; I was I was I was typing my Tesla
weekend instead. Now I'm checking.
&gt;&gt; No, but I do want to say real quick,
guys, there are literally only just a
couple hundred tickets left. Do not
sleep on this. These tickets will be
gone. And I can't believe how many
people missed out on the first window
who said, "Oh, if only. Now is your if
only. Quit messing around.
&gt;&gt; Now it is." Yep.
&gt;&gt; Facts. Yeah, it's um Yeah, we're I'm
hoping to announce a couple of more like
uh keynote speakers in the coming weeks.
Um but with that said, um things
&gt;&gt; I can tell you right now, they ain't
ready.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, they of course not. But um yeah,
with that said, we will catch you guys
all uh next week and have a great week.
Uh stay cool. I know it's heating up in
some of these areas. And um have a great