Channel:     jobhakdi
Title:       Germany's NEXT ELECTION SHOCK: AfD Wins Mecklenburg Vorpommern!
URL:         https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iWSCki-OV_4
Published:   2026-09-20 17:23 UTC
Fetched:     2026-09-20 22:00 UTC

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

ction night in Europe after
last weekend, last Sunday, we had the
Swedish elections and we will talk about
this a little bit also today because
there is some shocking results from
Berlin, the actual state of Berlin.
Berlin is a city but also a state that
had elections today that are very
similar to the Swedish results for very
similar reasons. And then there was
another election maybe more importantly
Meckllinburgg for Pomman which is
another state in the east of Germany.
These state elections are similar to the
United States state elections. It's like
a California election where you elect a
governor and a new parliament or a New
York election, Texas election. That's
the equivalent here. These are
relatively small eastern states but they
are real states and they have a lot to
say. in the German Senate. Germany also
has a Senate where this these governors
basically go and represent the state
governors, not senators. It's a little
different. And so these elections are
very important especially because what
you see tonight is the AFD
gets another shocking and I tell you
shocking shocking victory. And to
understand a little bit why this is so
shocking look not just at the black
number here 37% largest party in
Meckllinburg for Pomman now beating the
SPD the social democrats
but you have to look at the green number
the AfD is 21 percentage points up 21
percentage points up from the last
election points. So, not 21% more than
last election, but 21 percentage points.
These people were at 16%
and are now at 37%. That's nothing less
than a complete and utter landslide of
historic proportions. And the party of
course that got destroyed the most is
the Chancellor Mertz party down over 50%
from where it was before, 8.2 percentage
points. So they were at 13.3% and are
now down to 5.1%.
By the way, if you are not familiar to
the German election system, if they get
under 5%, they will get kicked out
kicked out of the lant. So out of the
parliament, they will have no seats. You
have to go over 5% otherwise you will
have no seats and your seats go to the
other parties to avoid like a cluttered
parliament.
The BW is also out. It's a small eastern
party. Uh so that is very shocking if
the CDU should fail to get into that
parliament. The CDU used to be Germany's
largest party. These are the
conservatives, the socalled
conservatives be before they got
completely sold out by Merkel and then
by Mertz. Before that there were the
conservatives of Germany, similar to the
Tories in Great Britain. Total sellouts.
rhinos if you want and they're getting
absolutely destroyed. This is not just a
vote for the AFD as Germany's new
largest party by an enormous distance
now, but it's also a vote against
specifically the CDU. So that is
happening in Meckllinmberg for Pomman, a
very important state in this whole
context. Normally it's not an important
state, it's one of the small or the
smallest state outside the city states.
Uh but
tonight it is again the object of a
global
global global rise in attention. And I
can show you a little bit here where
this state is if you Google this. Here's
Germany. Oh, shutter stock. Sorry,
shutter stock. Uh it is up here. It is
on the northeast. So it's just south of
Sweden if you want. South of Denmark and
Sweden, there is the Baltic Sea in
between. It is, of course, one of these
beautiful places in Germany. They have
these beautiful, beautiful uh beautiful
castles all over the place. And their
parliament is actually in one of them.
Look at this. So, so beautiful. And uh
this is the this is in
uh and you know, it's just an absolutely
stunning place.
you I mean you have seen Germany before
but this is one of the most in my
opinion one of the most beautiful German
states relatively small below two
million people there so it's definitely
one of the smallest states uh and you
see it here these are all it's a very
Nordic north north German state coast
one of the most beautiful coasts in
Europe you see it here a lot of people
go there for vacation it's a little
chilly a little not very warm uh but
that's what it is so They voted today
and of course as you can see here they
are part of East Germany. East Germany
is here. These states Meckllinburg and
Zaxon Anhal where we had the election
two weeks ago the shock election. That
was the real shock election. Uh here in
Zaken Anhal the home of Martin Luther in
case you didn't know. Uh here you have
Brandenburg
the little piece of Prussia that is
left. That was also Prussia. Up here you
have Berlin which is a city and city
state that also had an election. It's
like right in the middle here tonight
and we will go into that because that is
also a shock but not a good shock, a bad
shock. I will tell you more. Here's
Saxonia
also. That's one of the most important
states in Germany. It's right here.
There's a Saxonia with Dston and Leipz.
Uh here's Tingia right in the middle.
And these together are East Germany. And
then here you have the others. You have
Bavaria down here, Ben Wenberg, Hen
Random Files and so on and so forth. So
why is this so so important? Because
what we actually saw is the mainstream
media, the state media tried in the last
minute before the election to say, "Oh,
the AFD is now actually losing." I don't
know how they made this up. They just
tried to skew it. All the media, the
state controlled media was saying over
the last couple of days like oh the AFD
is rapidly suddenly losing to just
demotivate demoralize the population
didn't work. AFD was clearly leading and
then three four days ago they decided
the media cartel in Germany oh let's
just tell everyone they're losing so
maybe that makes a difference. It didn't
make a difference and the SPD has a very
strong candidate in all fairness. SPD of
course completely sucks. These are the
social social democrats, even more
guilty than the CDU for the open border
disaster of Germany. But uh here they
have a very strong candidate. Looks
good, speaks well. That's why they are
so strong. It's all about her, the
candidate of the SPD. Uh she was also a
minister before. Uh and she basically
pulled off a very strong result here
despite her party. Uh, and
I can show you her picture.
Uh,
she is all red, of course, because she
is a little socialist, but a very nice
socialist. And, uh, Manuela.
Uh, so she's here celebrating her her
catch up to the AFD. And here she was
still celebrating. That was that was
today. Yeah, that was today that she did
a pretty good job in making a little
comeback, but it had wasn't enough.
Clearly the AFD1. So that is going on
here and uh
we see a lot of shocking commentary
here. Uh
this is the latest prognosis and you see
the data
uh here the BNA which is a small party
they just ran for the first time. That's
why they're plus 4.8%. They were at zero
before. They didn't participate, but
they didn't make it in. Let's see if the
CDU makes it in. If not, that would be
very good for Germany.
Uh, so that's what we are seeing here.
Before we go to Berlin, let's go to the
comments just quickly and see what you
guys
are saying about that. All of Europe,
all of the world that is interested in
Europe is of course watching this
election because we are in a very
historic moment here for everyone. So
let's see what we have here.
Un
here unbelievable that Germany decides
where the entire west goes. Yeah, we
have seen in the Swedish election that
the other people are not going to pull
off to save themselves. I think it's not
all up to Germany. We have here a German
comment. Uh, do you have
Oh, do I plan to do a video on SpaceX on
in German? That's not easy to do because
the channel is in English, so that would
throw off everything. So, that's hard to
do. I can do a guest appearance or
something on a German channel.
Uh, thank goodness Germany is rejecting
wokeness. Well, it's not Germany yet for
now, but we see the trend. The trend is
extremely promising. Uh Susan Ling, we
have of course the pioneers here on
board who understand what's going on. Uh
so I appreciate that. Let's go through
the comments before we go to Berlin and
see what that state does because that is
a whole different story. Good evening,
your highness. I appreciate the
pronunciation of my German name,
Johannes, also known as your highness in
the United States.
Um,
so the east doesn't know
what totality is. Sure. So let's go to
the other result uh to have a full
overview here. So the AFD for those of
you who don't know the AFD is the
alternative for Germany. So it's the one
party that is, you know, I would most
people who are looking at Germany from
the outside, who understand global
politics a little bit better than
narrowminded,
you know, uh, establishment Germans view
the FD as a center, right? I would
describe them not even as right-wing. I
think they're just a center party. But
why are they so hated in Germany? And
why are they so successful, the people?
Because they're effectively saying,
"Look, we have a common sense program.
nothing special. Some things are a
little more left, some things are a
little bit more right. They want peace
with Russia, right? That makes them
controversial these days. Uh in Germany,
they're supposedly very right-wing, but
when you read the program, there's
nothing right-wing about them. uh what
makes them special is that they don't
play ball with the other party consensus
and with the establishment in Germany
which is a very big deal when you look
at the other European countries when you
look at what happens in France there's
concerns that Le Pen is kind of getting
compromised by the matrix when you look
at Sweden they didn't have a single
party in the race that actually was an
alternative and that you know showed in
the results. So it is very decisive in
these countries in the other western
countries outside the United States that
you have someone like and I know he's
become very controversial Trump after
this Iran problem. Uh but everyone
understands Trump was an outsider and
Trump disrupted the system in a very
good way in a very necessary way even
though it was painful and that is
required in order to have some freedom
and bring some freedom of speech back
freedom of thought back. Otherwise, if
you are a citizen that uses their brain
and understands what's really going on,
but no party represents free thinking,
you're screwed. And you don't need to be
on board with every little detail of a
party. What is important is that you
have one party that says, you know what,
we don't like this cartel approach on
politics that everyone agrees on
everything uh in politics and basically
excludes the majority of the population.
That is a very undemocratic and bad
thing. And the FD is the one party in
Europe that I see right now that says,
you know what, we want to hear from the
people and actually don't play ball with
all these consensus enforced things. And
of course, migration is one of the key
topics because that's the one topic
where the population in Europe is
heavily against it and the elites are
simply not listening. So these
alternatives are very dangerous for the
ruling class and the ruling cartel right
now across Europe. That is why the AFD
is not just uh hated by German elites
but all across Europe. Everyone watches
the AFD because they're nervous about
them.
So that is what's happening here. Let's
go to
uh Berlin
because that is a whole different
ball game.
here the Bahun and ofund our Danish
friends are watching this too. The Danes
of course like the AFD because they are
also the Danes are probably the people
who are the most
escaped from the problem because they
have a small country. Dan are very
smart. They're very nononsense and they
are absolutely
against it. But here
we see what's happening. Here is the
little shocker from Berlin. Here's the
shocker from Berlin.
So, we talked about McLaren. Here's
what's happening in Berlin.
And the interesting thing is the two
biggest winners outside the BW. BW also
didn't run before now plus 5% from 0 to
5%. Probably not going to make it. Let's
see if they stay below 5%. But the two
big winners in Berlin are the AFD again,
but this time the linker. Okay. and CDU
is the number one loser. Of course, in
Berlin, not as extreme. The CDU is still
at an amazing 20%, but you have to
understand Berlin, that's not a normal
state in Germany. This is a very
specific case. And Delinker, I talked
about Delinka before. Um,
I talked about this before, but Delinka
in Germany, these are the communists.
They're actually communists and they're
not just normal communists like you know
the democratic socialists of America who
don't even say they're communists.
They're saying they're democratic
socialists. Delinki is the successor
party of the sedist
unity party of the GDR dictatorship. So
these people are a little serious. They
are large and they are dangerous. They
are not like when you think about
socialists and communists, you think
about a bunch of college girls who get
paid by daddy and are like whatever,
they just need a job or something.
That's not what this party is. These are
the real deal in the darkest possible
sense. This is a successor party of a
communist party that ran a dictatorship
in East Germany and killed thousands of
people. With killed, I mean executed.
So not the nicest people. And the funny
thing is they're being they're getting
caught nowadays also calling for uh the
execution of rich people. So not we not
talking about taxation. We talking about
putting them against the wall and shoot
them which I don't like. I think that's
a little undemocratic maybe. Or maybe it
is democratic if everyone votes for it
but it's not nice. It's bad. But no one
seems to care in Berlin. And why the
linker was so successful
uh this time is because they applied and
here comes Sweden. They applied the same
strategy as the Venster party in Sweden.
The Wster pat in Sweden is also pretty
bad. Doesn't have the same history as
the German linkers. So the Germans are
of course the most serious here in terms
of hardcore communism.
So the first shocking result is you have
25% and the clear majority of all people
in Berlin uh or not majority but
relative majority here 25% every fourth
voter who went to the polls in Berlin
votes for
communists who have a history of
murdering people not as terrorists but
much worse as the government. They built
the famous wall. They built the Berlin
wall. they put in the order to shoot
people if they want to flee and they are
talking about very similar things now.
So this is an extreme radicalization
and
the way they made this happen in Berlin
together with their friends from the SPD
and the greener
is that they tapped into the new Germans
of course same as in Sweden and parts of
the new Germans are of course gang
members and clan members not just gangs
if you're American you think of gangs
like the wrong thing. This is not like
the crips and the bluts or whatever they
call like these, you know, whatever
Mexican and black gangs in LA or in in
the Bronx or in Chicago. This is a
little bit different. These are
organized clans, so tribal clans from
Kurdistan and Turkey and Syria and these
places who came to Germany, got paid for
coming to Germany, committing massive
crimes and then built clan structures.
And these clans, they control, similar
to gangs, but much more organized.
They control certain areas of the city
and they have kind of a secret alliance
or non-secret alliance with the left.
Similar in Sweden, by the way, where the
linker and the social democrats had
these scandals in Sweden that gang
members are infiltrating these parties
and running for office
because if you're a gang member, if
you're a clan member, you realize I'm in
such a dumb country like Germany or
Sweden where the people are so naive
that I don't even have to commit crimes.
And I mean I still commit crimes as a
clan member, but I can get voted into
office and legislate that I get all the
money completely unhinged. And of course
for the linker, this is a great
opportunity to grab some power because
if the clans of Berlin are in your
party, it's beautiful, right? You get
more voters. They can force people to
vote for you. It's easy, easy peasy. And
it's not that far away from socialism or
communism. It's forced voting and all
these things. It's uh it's you know
taking people's money. It's very
similar. There are slight differences.
One is tribal and the other is
ideological. But who cares about these
details? Bottom line is very similar.
And I mean they have some issues with
feminism. Maybe one likes feminism and
LGBTQ. The other wants to kill them. But
that's these are side issues if you're
the link. Like who cares about women
getting killed and stuff? Yeah. That's
it's against our values but power more
important money grabbing and killing
rich people. So
that's all sounds crazy but 24% is a
little more crazy. So that is happening
in Berlin totally unhinged. And what we
have seen in Sweden last Sunday is that
the left, the social democrats, the
Greens, the Mill Pat in Sweden and here
the Greens in Germany and of course the
radicals, the linker and linker, they
are fully embracing the foreign vote,
right? They're fully embracing
getting people who don't even understand
what's happening, who don't speak German
or Swedish to vote because they're part
of these clans or they are completely,
you know, dependent on them or whatever
and activating that vote to get
political power.
Now, if you're a normal person, you
would say this is a little concerning.
open borders, getting tons of people in
who are criminals, turning them into
citizens, and then let them vote
communist with an alliance of the
communists and these people to take over
the government. It sounds a little
dubious, but for the link, of course,
that's an amazing plan. And for the
Greens and the SPD, sounds good enough
as long as you fight the CDU and the
AFD. And the CDU of course is dumb
enough to say, "Oh, whatever. like we
are conservatives but you know
Syrian clans are better than the AFD
even though the AFD has the same program
as HCDU so that's happening and I'm a
little concerned about Berlin but the
big picture is when you compare these
two results Meckllinburg for Pomman is a
much more normal state than Berlin
Berlin is I wouldn't be too concerned
Berlin is known in Germany to be the
hole of Germany where everyone is a
little unhinged So the interesting thing
is that that message that Berlin is
sending is much weaker and irrelevant
compared to this message.
The Meckllinburg book for Pman result is
much more representative of what's going
on in real Germany. It's much more
representative what's going on in East
Germany specifically than Berlin. So,
while Berlin is shocking,
more than shocking, it's not
representative and it shouldn't disturb
us as much as it looks like because
Berliners, they're special. That might
happen also in Hamburg, but who cares
about these cities?
That's my take on the politics. Let's
see what's going on here.
Flame guy says, "Kurds have very deep
relationship with communism. the USSR
funded Kurdistani independence and their
form of communism is very nationalistic.
Yeah. And I think like
I don't know which clans are the
strongest in in Berlin you have Turkish,
you have Kurdish, you have Syrian, you
have all kinds of Moroccan, I'm sure. So
um
here on Trump everyone everything feels
bad now says O but without his movement
every YouTuber like Joe would be banned
for saying truth I'm not forgetting and
because of Elon by the way O don't
forget Elon Elon buying X is the central
thing that reestablish freedom of speech
um and I'm I'm super critical of this
whole Iran operation I think it's
absolutely killed Trump in MAGA. But
I'm, you know, I understand what you're
saying al and you're 100% correct.
Uh 100% correct. So efficient
efficiency. What the Berlin. Any
idea why Berlin shifted like this and
Berlin has fallen? Well, it's not really
unfortunately it's not really shifting
efficient. Efficiency. It's not so much
a shift. It's more uh you know Berlin. I
don't know if you've ever been there or
been there recently. I mean it's a
special city. Let me put it like this.
And you have the same effect. We saw
similar results in Stockholm, right? You
see these very large cities or not
they're not very large but and Stockholm
is much smaller than Berlin, but you see
the capital cities of these, you know,
north European countries, uh they're
just living in delusional bubbles,
right? They're like drinking their
latte, whatever, like with their stupid
little fake milk and uh no one has any
accountability, responsibility. They
have lost touch with reality. And then
it doesn't sound that bad to say, "Oh,
why don't we just vote communists?"
You know, I mean, the communist voters
are some of them are Antifa, some of
them are clan members, but a lot of them
are just
upper middle class boring people, bored
people who think, why not blow it all
up?
Uh Jeff Jones Jr.
is just joined. Is Germany good? Well,
on the surface, there is a very good
result and a very shocking result. So
the very good and more important result
is Meckllinburgg four pawn has
elected the AFD again as the strongest
party 20% point percentage points up
over 100% gain. So this is an absolute
blowout and it has absolutely destroyed
the CDU.
So it seems like the East Germans are
saving Germany and Europe. But Berlin
has elected the communists,
not little bit communists. I just
explained this Jeff Jones. Uh these are
extreme communists. These are people who
are going to kill you if you have more
than 10,000 bucks in your checking
account. So very bad news. Of course,
the mayor, I don't even know who the
mayor of Berlin now is. It's like some
Turkish person. Uh Dinka Berlin.
Let's see.
Ricardo Santos says, "First time Joe.
Been following you for a year now from
South Africa."
Welcome, Ricardo. I love it. South
Africa. You guys have some problems
there, but I of course our prayers are
with you. Uh I heard South Africa has
amazing
has an amazing uh has amazing things but
has many problems. So here who is it?
these linker people you can't even like
the only thing I respect about the
linker as compared to the other
left-wing parties like the CDU the SPD
and the Greens they are kind of owning
up to what they want right they have a
certain honesty about them that say like
dude if we get elected you guys are
toast we take everything you have and
will shoot the people who resist so you
have to at least admire their frankness
but it's disturbing it's not like the
CDU is lying about and then doing
terrible things. The at least the Greens
are not uh the the link is not lying.
Uh Andreas Pearson is back in from
Sweden. We now have the socialists in
charge in Sweden. I I didn't even follow
the latest the government formation. the
center pat. Some people have irrational
hopes that the center pat, the slightly
halfconservative party that's still in
the left wing block in Sweden, is going
to stop them from the crazies. But we I
have a very bad feeling about this.
Uh
yeah. Is that the venid that wants the
90% of your I mean these are people
You you guys have just understand what
socialism is. Also, you Americans be
cautious because AI will eat up a lot of
jobs. A lot of Americans are not doing
well. The problem is that the AI guys
are completely ignoring this and
they're, you know, looking at the p the
numbers on paper. No one cares about
numbers on paper. All Americans feel
poor or large SW you will get you will
have to pay for this in the next
election. Not in the midterms. Who cares
about the midterms? but in the
presidential elections and you have some
bad dudes ombres ombres also preparing
something and the democrats are very
quiet right now of course because I'm a
delusional optimist I think that's
because they're like trying to be better
but maybe not and 2028 in the United
States can be also very dangerous
just saying uh so look at Sweden and you
know what the risk is so I hope Andreas
P and we we can't give up Andrea
can't give up to keep fighting. Don't
forget the majority of real Swedes have
totally voted against this government.
It's very clear that the actual Swedes
voted against this. Of course, it's of
no help because, you know, it's just
what it is. But you can't give up.
This is not over.
Yeah. And the Andreas Peterson says from
Sweden updates here. That's the good
thing about Pioneer Lands. We have we
have on the ground experts in Germany, a
lot of them and in Sweden actually a lot
of them. So uh so Sweden is forming the
government. Uh the durable leftists won.
The social democrats are saying we are
not doing a government with vanster with
the extreme communists because the
center petit who's the most right of the
leftwing party says they don't want to
be in a government with little
communists
but the center pet is also horrible
because they're saying the SD which is
like I can't even put into words like
the Sweden Democrats
you know they're called the AFD of
Sweden but they're not the AFD of
Sweden. they have absolutely failed the
SD in my opinion. Uh so the center
petite doesn't want to be in the same
government with the SD and so they are
they are going with the leftists.
Uh here
Peter Martine says but Western Germany
going to vote differently. That's not
actually as true as it used to be
because what we are seeing is that West
Germany is also also changing by a lot
af
by the way you see the typical stuff.
The boomers are the problem, right? The
boomers have voted over 52% SPD which is
like the social democrats.
Uh boomers are the big problem. Uh
35 to 44. And so generation X and
millennials are the solution. And then
the young people, what's a little
disturbing is how strong the communists
are. But young people is often code for
non-germanborn
people uh or whatever you understand
what I mean u the clan people so I don't
know how bad this is in Meckllinburgg
for porn actually but young people you
have to be cautious what that actually
means it's like when in America you say
oh there was teen there was like a teen
riot
right it's not about the age
uh Ricardo Santos says really enjoy your
videos. Pine all the way. Like and
subscribe. What a time to be alive. Joe,
I actually left from South Africa to UK.
It's one step better, but not much
better. Well, yeah, you're just you
you're just running. You're jumping from
one burning ship to the next burning
ship, but one more jump and you're in
the United States. It's fine. You're on
the right track.
Uh,
by the way, I will share with you guys.
Um,
we have some updates, not live yet. I
think I put it live very soon. The team
is looking into it. But, uh, Pioneer
Lens is getting its network app up. I
just show you some things. You guys have
to go to Pioneer Lens, especially if
you're members, and update your photos
and everything because this is going to
be good. Here, I show you what's
happening. We also introduced a bunch of
cool stuff. Just as a side
note,
look at this. We have this now. This is
Pioneer Lands. Isn't that beautiful? You
see now Pioneer Lands and you see the
entire world and you see all the Pioneer
cities here. Look at that. These are our
cities. Do you see how big Pioneer Lands
is? So, every city here has at least one
member.
These are a lot of small cities for us
in Pioneer Lands, but we have the big
ones on top of here. The biggest one is
surprisingly actually London.
A European city is the biggest. But then
we have New York City, we have Los
Angeles, we have San Diego. That's also
a surprise to me that San Diego is our
fourth largest city. Then we have
Toronto, Canada. Long live Canada. No.
What is the What's the uh the anthem of
Canada? Oh, blame Canada. Blame Canada.
I think that's not the right anthem.
That's the South Park anthem. We have
Melbourne, Australia. We have Austin,
Texas. Of course. We have Sydney,
Australia. We have Houston. San
Francisco is surprisingly weak. What is
wrong with you? Silicon Valley. Hello.
How can you be number whatever that is
bad? You know, San Francisco, do
something. Who's there? Um
Um I know who's there, but we have to
grow more. Chicago, very nice. Las
Vegas, surprising. I think Dallas should
also be a little higher in my opinion.
Denver, not too surprising. Seattle,
Vancouver,
and then the first German one, Munich.
But then we have Stockholm.
I'm very proud of Stockholm. Copenhagen
following here. So Stockholm, Phoenix,
Boston, rele
the research triangle.
Uh, Copenhagen. Finally, Copenhagen,
Tampa, Auckland, Atlanta, Singapore, the
first non-European, non non non-western
one. San Jose. Well, okay, fine. Silicon
Valley. Maybe we have to add it to San
Francisco,
Washington DC, Perth, then Hamburg,
Miami, wherever there. Where the hell is
Berlin, by the way? Berlin. You
communists. Where are the communists?
Oslo.
Oslo is Look, look at Berlin. See what
the problem is, Germans. Like, what is
even that number? Like, Berlin is behind
Irvine. Behind Irvine, where my lab was,
by the way. Irvine is nice. Irvine,
Orange County, like is bigger than
Berlin. Salt Lake City, San Antonio,
San Antonio is Charlotte is bigger than
Berlin. I mean, Hong Kong is actually
bigger than Berlin. Fine. Sacramento,
Zurich. So, Berlin is behind Zurich.
It's behind Oslo. It's behind Hamburg.
It's behind Copenhagen. Behind
Stockholm. Like, what is wrong with you?
It's behind Munich.
So Frankfurt,
Lund, of course, Lund, Sweden should
also overtake Berlin. Let's all overtake
Berlin. What are the Berliners even
doing? So anyway, so you see this and uh
for example, you can click on any kind
of cute country, Lund, cute city, Lund.
Look at this. We have these original
artworks here. And then you see all the
members can click on the pioneers and
you see what's happening here. Isn't
that nice?
So you should go there and make sure you
have good photos because a lot of people
have bad photos. They're just too too
weak. I will fix this map. Oh no, it's
not there yet. Sorry, I need to actually
publish this thing. It's coming. But go
on Pine and fix your photos because
that's next. Just saying. Sorry for the
excursion, but I'm very excited about
this because we have big plans now of
the network.
Captain Jack, are you from Las Vegas?
Uh, Andreas Peterson, I had a lab. I
have a genomics company, Quantine. We
were in Irvine in California and then we
were in Portland and we started in
Berkeley.
or make it so you have finished military
service to be allowed to vote. No, you
could just make if you just
there are many many
here Ricardo you're my inspiration been
vibe coding because of your videos also
majority in Tesla you are the catalyst
man thank you so much it's going to be
much better very soon because pioneer
lens is now finally coming together the
website this is all going to be very
very good
so
there you have it this is the election
update
um
let's see what's happening happening
here. Oh, here's here my life.
Oh, 12,000. Oh, the the X crowd loves
politics.
I can show you more observations on
these elections here in my
uh CDU is at 5.1%. I hope they get out
of there. That would be amazing. Here's
another perspective, by the way, where
you see the changes and you see uh
Berlin.
Here you see Berlin. You see how much
the linker added like the communists.
Crazy. But you see the AfD also like
these two parties are kind of the
non-establishment parties. One the
alternative for Germany but the others
unfortunately hardcore communists. And
what that tells you is the Germans are
very very very very unhappy with the
establishment. That's what you see. And
some of them switch left especially if
they're clan members from Kurdistan and
Turkey. And some switch to the EFD. Look
at this. who said that West Germany is
not going to follow along. This is the
map in Germany. Now,
I mean, look at this. This is based on
the individual election areas. Uh, here
you see, of course, these very large
cities. Here you see Hamburg. Here you
see Berlin. Here you see Munich. Where's
Cologne? I think this here is Cologne.
This is Cologne, probably.
Uh, but look at this. Look at this. This
is West Germany in case you didn't know.
Here's East Germany. You see still see
the link the communists in some spots in
East Germany. Uh but Berlin, that's
their big thing.
This is Germany. But of course, the map
looks a little better than than the
actual voter distribution. Very similar
to American maps when you look at who
votes. Republican is basically all of
America. But then the little spots, the
blue spots are unfortunately New York
City and LA and Chicago and so on. You
know the whole story. And so you get
actually a lot of voters with that. Uh
but that's happening here's you I mean
by the way the dark blue is the CSU
which is basically also the CDU. It's
just the Bavarian CDU. Uh so dark blue
means CDU
and you see this here is also very
conservative conventional conservative
Müster landed these people. I mean these
are very nice people. That's the sad
thing that CDU voters and CSO viewers
voters are not bad people. They're
actually good people. They're just
normal conservatives that are getting
betrayed all day long by their party.
But that's happening here.
Here 16% AFD. At least a few Germans
left in Berlin. Yeah, 16% is roughly the
amount of Germans in Berlin.
Uh, how come you know Germany so well?
Well, I have lived there for a little
bit from 0 to 30 roughly.
What makes dense population centers so
insane? I think you know dense
population centers means you're a little
out of sync. You're going into the
bubble and you're susceptible to extreme
propaganda, right? Because these are
extremely bubbly things. If you live I
mean look at Stockholm and Sweden and
the election results. you are busy in
the bubble and that means you are highly
interconnected with other people and so
the coercion factor is very high. If you
if you work in a big city, it means
you're very exposed to social pressure
because of your job and everything. So
that's why they are more compliant.
Whereas if you live more remotely, you
are probably more self-sufficient and
form your own opinions and have are less
afraid of standing up for what you think
is right.
Uh it's like all over the world. I mean,
you have it in in the United States.
Where is all the V insanity coming from?
It's not coming from Idaho, you know,
it's not coming from, you know, San
Antonio. It's coming from Los Angeles,
San Francisco, and New York City.
Not surprising.
Same in Europe.
So, that's going on here.
that's going on here. So here you have
also that nice thing. So you see clan
boss is celebrating with no
le leftist party. Uh Isa Remo who is the
boss of the infamous Arab Remo clan.
They're just killing a bunch of people.
um
visits the election party of the you
know district party of the communists.
Nice.
Uh where is the
where is the and of course yeah
anti-semitism like the usual stuff. Of
course these are all Arab clan members
so they're not going to be very nice to
Jewish people. Of course everyone knows
that too. Same in Sweden.
Uh here you see
the non voters. Is this Berlin or
Meckllinburg 4?
This is for sure Berlin. So here the non
voters there are two types of non-
voters in Berlin in dense city areas.
Non voters is code for clan members
because you have a lot of people in
Sweden. Same thing because we just had
the election there. Lots of people who
are Swedish citizens, but for some
reason only speak Arabic and don't
understand Swedish, they tend to not be
very interested in elections, okay?
Because it's like, what? Why do I care
about elections? I want money. I don't
speak the language. I hate these people.
They just gave me citizenship, so I'm
hang out here in my little clan. But if
the clan gets very active in communist
politics, they tell all their members
like, "You vote for my socialist
friends." And then they all go to the
election centers. That's why Magdalina
Anderson in Sweden and all the leftists
did these big election campaigns in
Arabic
because if you have a lot of Swedes who
don't speak Swedish and only Arabic, you
have to talk to them in Arabic and that
got them all out. same in Berlin
uh where they said, "Oh, you know, we
can get 75,000 nonvoters
to vote for the left-wing radical
party." In the more rural areas or in in
East Germany, non- voters are more code
for uh disenfranchised or uh Germans who
actually don't want to vote. So, this is
a very different type of nonvoters. And
so the AFD normally is very good when
they activated a lot of non voters
because they tend to be Germans. The
linker when they activate non voters
they tend to be let's say a little less
German a little more not Germanspeaking.
So that's what's happening here. Not
surprising.
Susan Ling says Germany is mainly EFD.
So what is likely to happen with the EU?
Well, Susan, not so fast. I know I make
it all sound like
it's all fixed. It's all roses and what
do you say? Rose. It's all roses.
Sugar and roses. No. What was it? Uh,
but of course, this is this is the
current prognosis.
If we had an election in Germany that is
nationwide, but we don't have that. So,
this is lagging. So first the first step
would be the AFD somehow needs to get
into the government in Germany. Now once
that happens I think the EU is probably
toast. Probably toast because they will
put an end to all the wararmongering
they will put an end to all the insane
regulations. They will put an end to
migration. So if you have no
wararmongering, no regulations and no
mass migration, that's the EU is done.
That's the main purpose of the EU right
now. And people say, "Oh, the EU is not
that bad. We need it for this and that."
Fine. Roses and sunshine. Exactly.
Sorry.
Uh, but Susan, not that easy. What's
going to happen here?
So,
I mean, it seems like Germany this time
actually has to save Europe.
I mean, the Sweden election was a little
depressing. I thought they pulled it
off, but they didn't. And that's very,
very depressing. I know a lot of
depressed Swedes now.
Uh but I mean they need to be a little
more aggressive and don't stop fighting
and
it's very important.
So there you have it
here. Ratka Buyerson in Sweden. It seems
like the Muslims also have a plan to
take over the left party instead of
continue to promote a pure Muslim party.
Yeah, it's much smarter. You will never
win with a pure mus Muslim party. It's
much smarter to become communist and do
it that way. It doesn't matter the name.
Um, and the Muslims are very successful.
I shouldn't say the Muslims. They're
also nice Muslims. But these people are
very effective in taking over the social
democrats. And of course, Vensa.
EU will start a war if AFD wins.
They can't start a war without Germany.
If the AFD wins nationwide, then it's
game over. They have to start the war
before, which they might. That's the
concern.
Uh here, Blank Space says it's always on
us. I'm very excited about actually, and
I totally agree, Blank Space. I'm very
excited about Pioneer Lands. We made
great great progress. Look at this
amazing network. Look at this.
Look at the size of Pioneer Lands.
Of course, the United States is
the biggest pineal. Look at this.
So, basically the red bubbles mean uh
that the city level is over one. We have
like a count of a city level which is
basically the aggregate points of all
level points of the citizens in or of
the members in the city. And that is
computed based if you're a citizen,
citizen plus or patron or a member that
is checking in regularly, they get also
points, but citizens have more points.
So if you click on Tampa all of all
places or can I generate a city
landmark? Maybe I can do this in Oh, no,
that's still broken.
Uh, we just have to fix the photos. It's
our fault, not your fault that the
photos are broken. But you see, for
example, Brian in Tampa has a level
seven. Level seven means he was a
citizen.
Yeah. A real citizen of Pioneer Lands
for seven months with a rate of one.
That multiplies each month with that he
gets level seven. If you're a citizen
plus, you get times two. If you're a
patron, you get times three, but you
can't afford to be a patron. Uh about
dog trainer offering inh home services.
That's very important. You need a dog
trainer. So that is Brian. Just
highlighting Brian here and Robert also
seven months member. What did I do seven
months ago? Got members here. Here Romo
three months. So you understand the
thing. But long-term members can also be
that. So this is how it works. And that
then sums up to making Tampa and
beautiful Florida city level 17. It's a
17 city. And that's basically these
numbers. But if you go to New York City,
let's see what level New York City has.
26. Not much stronger, but more citizens
here. See that?
Uh, so that's what's happening. And we
totally messed up the photos. Our fault
because they were actually converted
into lower resolution photos. But we are
now building Pioneer Lands. And I'm
coming up with a better base whatever
statement what Pioneer Lens is that
everyone should review and comment on so
we can refine this. This is Chicago.
Yeah. Level eight. Chicago is level
eight.
Here are our citizens
quartermen. Yeah, these idiots. They
made the AFD bar brown. I mean, these
are like complete degenerates.
Europe here. Total degenerates. Europe
elects
here. Dumb propagandists. Who are these?
The usual suspects probably of some
dubious
propagandists.
But that's why we have pioneer lands. We
can defeat all these people here. This
is Europe. I don't want to promote them
too much, but they seem to be highly
dubious people.
ESN
far right.
Sure.
Far right is just code for I'm not
buying your crap anymore.
That's what far right means for these
people. Here you have a nice overview.
Flame guy. What will Pioneerlands be
doing once capital infrastructure will
be only limiting factors for
civilizational development? Well, that's
already becoming the case.
And don't forget, it's not going to be
capital infrastructure that will be the
only limiting factors. Uh it's also
going to be the human mindset, the
pioneers. This is the one thing everyone
overlooks also in America. What's being
overlooked?
If there's one fatal flaw in the plan of
Silicon Valley, of David Sachs and
Chamath and all these guys, they are
smart. Some of them are might be
watching, who knows? But the fatal flaw
is that they are too narrowminded on
their little capitalist perspective,
which is a valid perspective, but it's
not comprehensive enough. They don't
understand humans well enough. The
humans have to play along. And if you
mess up the humans, there will be major
problems because they still can elect
people. And the pioneers are the subset
of people who think and build and
govern. Okay, self-govern. That's what I
want to instill in Pioneer Lands. We
will have a much tighter description of
what Pioneer Lands actually is. I think
the most important thing is we need to
learn to think. We need to get other
people in here who can think so we don't
have idiots. So we can form we can have
informed perspectives on the world and
encourage everyone to be a critical
thinker and consistent thinker and
trained thinker and then a consistent
builder
and then someone who actually cares
about the community and governance.
That's all you need. These are the three
pillars thinkers, builders and
governance. And if we make this happen
then the influence of pioneer lens will
be absolutely outsized. If we pull this
off and we are good in thinking, good in
building and good in self-governance,
an organization like that can very
quickly outperform all the other people
because it's all about getting
organized.
Um, be aware of these things which is
what Pioneer Lens is for. Is already a
given I would say. What do you mean is a
given flame guy?
We still need money. We still need
infrastructure. But we also need humans.
We need human civilization. That is the
key here.
That is what is needed.
CDU now at 5.0.
Let's see the latest
Latest
Mlin work for Pman
projection.
Ooh, beautiful. 19 minutes ago.
Looking good. And the AFD getting closer
to 38%.
I mean 38% and CDU at 4.9%
SPD as low as it possible.
Can we kick out the greens? That's going
to be tough. They have to lose
5%. That would be very nice.
Um
what's even the coalition? Let me think.
So if the Greens get out that this would
be such a beautiful disaster for these
people. But even with the Greens in,
they are only at 48%.
They can't form a government.
Wait, how does this even work? If the CD
is out,
if the CD is out, nearly 80%
participation, by the way, that's crazy.
80% participation.
It's given that paneer land citizens are
aware of these civilizational problems
facing us. They wouldn't be in pioneers
if they wouldn't be aware. That is true.
Flame guy. We have an tremendous
population. We just have to deliver more
on my side for the pioneers to get
better organized and get maximum value
out of it. I mean, we already getting
value out of it, but getting a little
bit better organized here. Very big
things are happening. These are very big
things, by the way. That's why we're
covering it. This not just a little
state election. That's a directional
signal for Germany. And I told you guys,
you have to know that from Sydney to Los
Angeles, you have to understand like
when these states flip to AFD and Merz
has to resign,
the following government that will be
formed by the city will be highly
unstable and there will be new elections
in Germany. That is the decisive moment
potentially unless they mess it up.
That is a decisive moment for Europe
because if the AFD somehow can get into
government power in Germany, it would be
the biggest ripple effect you can
imagine. All of Europe gets restructured
then very rapidly
and that would liberate a lot of people
in Europe. And then countries like
Sweden that are like you know hostages
to
you know certain people inside Sweden
but the majority Swedish actual Swedish
population is totally against this
stuff. They would get liberated too
because little small countries like
Denmark that are smart and Finland is
becoming more and more smart and
determined and Iceland they can do it
stuff. They're too small. Sweden is not
going to listen to them. But once
Germany shifts, the UK and France have
to act. They cannot just sit there and
let Germany take over everything.
Because once
any country in Europe that is larger can
liberate itself and free itself from
these powers that keep it down, they
would just take over. I don't mean like
war. You understand what I mean? Like
they would just have tremendous economic
growth. everything would change if you
just allow Germans to work or Swedes or
whoever. Uh they will just completely
win. You have to understand how bad it
is. Like you're not allowed to do
anything. They're destroying the energy
infrastructure. They're trying to start
a war with Russia. They're doing insane
things. They're trying to punish every
single entrepreneur and hunt them down.
They put regulation on so you can't
move. And you know, they're taking away
the energy. So obviously these countries
can't win, but if a party comes in that
has their country's interest in mind,
it's game over. Immediately it's game
over. So and then all the other
countries, they can't just sit back.
That's why it's a cartel. Same. It was
the same in America with all these
different factions. When Trump came in,
the whole thing came crumbling down. So
we have very similar situations here.
Are are you worried about mail in votes
being suspicious? Mail in votes in sex
took over there just majority. Yeah, of
course it's suspicious. It's always
suspicious. That's why you shouldn't
allow it at scale.
So Phoenix says enough problems here in
the United States. Well, these things
are very very connected. You can't be
too isolationist. These are extremely
connected. The United States and Europe
and Canada and you know all the western
countries very very connected.
That is what's happening.
Okay, let's wrap this up. We can do a
little
detour. I just recorded the options
course, the first options course, but
we'll have more. Let's talk about
markets just for a quick second as an
update here. What's happening? Uh
we will continue tomorrow with the
markets. But generally,
it was actually a very very tough month
so far for the Dow Jones. Not that we
care about the Dow Jones too much, but
very interesting. It had a very bad
month uh or month to date. Look at this.
Uh because of Iran and the oil and all
these things. The European elections are
not going to make too much of a
difference short term.
Uh
but they are not going to make a too
much of a difference short term. But
long-term very important especially with
this whole Russia situation.
Uh
what do we have here?
What's the latest on oil?
Oh, it went down again. So
crypto.
Crypto is doing tremendous. Oh my god,
my crypto portfolio. Crypto is doing
well. It was kind of predictable. It's
I'm very surprised how predictable
crypto was that we are getting back into
a bull market which I actually think is
happening.
Uh Yensen and Trump are partnering up
against the doomers. Not surprising. I
predicted that that Yensen is the one
guy who doesn't want to see this
happening.
So let's see what happens. Uh I am
working hard on the Pioneer Lens update.
I think the network will be a game
changer. It's going to be so much fun if
you see all the other pioneers. Finally,
uh, do we have Europe? Let's zoom into
Europe. The US is bigger than Europe for
us, but the Nordics are relatively
strong. See here, Stockholm, Talin, my
favorite,
uh, Hamburg. And it's like it's telling
how small Berlin is. This is completely
ridiculous. And here, not back. Prague.
If Prague,
Kristoff,
very good, Kristoff, one of the best
citizens.
Sure, Flame Guy. Okay, let's but let's
wrap it up. Glad to have you here. Uh it
was fun to talk about politics. We need
to cover the most important steps in
politics. Uh and uh tomorrow we will
cover of course the market again. Uh I
think uh it's interesting how this is
all going to evolve. I'm pretty sure we
will see a nice year end rally. The
question is will we have some shocking
little drops before I think if there is
some hiccup coming it's coming now
unfortunately
now or October I think well I'm pretty
sure we will see one more stress test
this year and I'm also pretty sure we
will see a nice little rally so that's
the two things I'm sure we will be
higher than now end of the year
especially on Tesla much higher there.
Uh but I'm also quite confident we see
some problems in between. That's what we
have to navigate. Options courses. First
one is recorded. I will record at least
two more tomorrow. They go straight into
the Pioneer Academy. Uh so they will be
available tomorrow or Tuesday latest as
promised a little late. Uh and then we
go from there. So, thanks everyone for
tuning in and we continue tomorrow with
Tesla. Tesla needs to get some coverage
because
Nitsa, Cyber Cap, and so on. Very
important to keep track on exactly
what's going on. Should we take one last
look at the Cyber Cap tracker? Uh, even
though I'm pretty sure nothing happened.
Cyber cap tracker still shows 42 cyber
caps.
Not to forget in four days we have share
unlock
of SpaceX. We also have rebalancing of
the NASDAQ. So there will be some buying
pressure into SpaceX starting Monday
which will be bullish for the stock.
However, in four days September 24th I'm
going to sell some calls.
Going to sell some calls. Just saying.
So until then, thank you so much for
tuning in. Thanks Susan Ling. Thank you.
Thanks Flame Guy. Thanks S Phoenix.
Thanks everyone for tuning in. And uh
hope to see you