Channel:     jobhakdi
Title:       Will Tesla Stock RECOVER?
URL:         https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ePSe9WzjdaM
Published:   2026-06-25 16:29 UTC
Fetched:     2026-06-26 00:00 UTC

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

and welcome everyone on this beautiful
Thursday. At least where I am, it's
beautiful. We are in the middle of
summer. It is truly great. But what is
not so great, as you all probably know,
is our favorite stock, which is Tesla.
And I just thought we have to address
what happened over the last five days.
It's a pretty bad disaster for everyone
who is bullish on the stock, believes in
Cyber Cap, and also does a little bit of
trading. For everyone who is just an
fundamental investor, a long-term
holder, there is nothing to see here. No
one cares. This is a ridiculous dip.
Easy to buy. For those of us who try to
generate alpha, who are trying to
squeeze a little bit out more of that
lemon and not just buy and hold, these
are dark days because what happened in
the last five days threw me off a little
bit to be totally frank. Back here on on
Friday, I was totally prepared making
the right move and quite frankly I was
preparing for this thing to bleed lower.
So when you look at last Friday, this is
actually not too surprising where we
ended up now. I said, "Yeah, we're going
to bleed a little lower and because we
waiting for a cyber cap and something
needs to happen and if nothing happens,
what are you going to do?" The market
has lost its patience with Tesla and so
we are sliding a little bit more down
despite crazy fundamental improvements
that we will go into in this video or in
this live stream in a second. But what
threw me off is of course on Monday that
crazy rally because it was indeed a
crazy rally. What happened on Monday?
The entire market was down and suddenly
Tesla showed tremendous strength while
SpaceX was dropping like a stone 16%. So
I thought maybe maybe we are seeing
finally some reccalibration
into Tesla and that was not good because
I reshifted my position to be a little
bit more bullish and a little defensive
and then next thing you happened an
absolute rugpull
brutal rugpull on Tuesday that really
was bad right Tesla dropped like a stone
with absolutely no news other than this
fake little accident news which was I
addressed in a video before. I mean,
it's hard to believe that that was the
reason. So, I don't know exactly what's
going on here. This stock is very hard
to trade right now. Easy to invest, hard
to trade. It has probably on a meta
level something to do with SpaceX,
something to do with liquidity being
pushed around. So, we see this very
erratic movement of Tesla. Unusual in my
opinion. I don't normally see that.
Normally there is some kind of logic
connection or pseudo logic connection
for the stock moves. Uh this is a little
weird and aggressive here these moves
and they make no sense. So I think it
gives us a little bit of a hint that
there is some distortion in the market
going on. Not manipulation by the way
very important difference. Distortion
just means that the cash is being pulled
aggressively out of the stock or pushed
aggressively into the stock in a
non-organic way. Maybe because of
SpaceX, maybe because of a reshifting in
the market. We see also a lot of things
happening in the rest of the market.
For example, we saw Google drop recently
quite a lot. Look at this Google
Alphabet also like a stone. Very
surprising. There was not a good reason
for that. Uh and of course we saw Micron
Technologies being pushed around like a
crazy person. uh today up 15% 150
billion roughly um a little bit more
than 150 billion because obviously they
blew earnings out of the uh water had
tremendous earnings that should in
theory reinvigorate the AI trade but it
does not for some reason look at Amazon
for example Amazon is totally down today
again no reason for that Apple is
getting destroyed
uh that is mostly because uh Jeff Lutz
actually posted some things about that.
Apple announced that they're increasing
prices without delivering any added
benefit to anyone. So, Apple not doing
well. I think that's not there's not too
much signal for the marketing here.
Apple just losing out a little bit. But
one of my favorites, Nvidia also down
today for no good reason. Why is Nvidia
down? when Micron blows things out of
the water showing that there is an
absolute long-term bull cycle on memory
which means the AI plays absolutely
active and fully effective. So little
hard to say what's going on here. We
also see certain sectors. There's a
sector rotation going on. I saw my I'm
still tracking a lot of biotech or
diagnostic stocks, Tempest, uh
personnelis, and some other stocks,
garden health, and they are absolutely
up like crazy. They're all 10% up for no
reason. So there's a rotation out a
little bit out of AI for some reason
that makes no sense into biotech and
some other stuff. So these are all
market generations that are important to
keep an eye on. Uh while we talk about
Tesla, we also see that oil for example
is totally down and oil. So Iran was
over as I said for a long time that
there was no chance of this thing
escalating. There were was a forcing
function in on the United States to get
out of this. And so oil today is a
little up but is now at $70, right? It's
$70. So, what is even the problem?
Everything should be pretty good, but
it's not for Tesla. So,
what do we do now? What do we do? When
we look at this chart, we are not where
I was predicting. We are over $100 below
what I was predicting. End of the month.
The month is not over yet. We have one
more weekend to go. I feel like, you
know, a World Cup commentator. Like, we
have still two minutes in the game.
Yeah, we are behind 10 goals, but we
could score 10 goals in 10 minutes. Who
knows? But we have the weekend. Cyber
caps are literally exploding in numbers
all over the place, which makes this
even more absurd the situation. So, we
have one week to go to the end of June.
We can obviously get to 490 by end of
the June, no problem. All we need to see
is 100 cyber caps in the wild. But
obviously the window is now really
closing on that for this month of
course. But when we look at what's
happening here is for example Joe
Techmire.
I will talk about this for a little bit
and then I will show you a chart that I
found very helpful. A technical analysis
which we normally don't do but by Lord
Pretty Flacko. Maybe you know him. He's
a smart cookie. can be very mean on X
but uh better smart and mean than dumb
and nice. So we will look at the chart
but first let's look at let's look at
cyber cap that was from yesterday uh Joe
Techm posting this [music]
and it's absolutely ridiculous. We see
these cyber caps coming out of Giga
Texas [music] at enormous numbers as you
will see in a second. We see enormous
numbers of cyber [music] kept rolling
off the
action line and no one seems to care.
But I don't care cuz as you know I am of
the conviction [music]
that this can go on forever. We can't
forever have the stock falling while we
actually scaling the business up like
crazy. And you know that I think we
should be at 490 at this point. And
there will be an absolute forced run of
the stock once this becomes a little bit
more visible and real for everyone, not
just for us over here. [music]
So this thing drives around.
Cyber [singing] cap. Nice. Makes the
[music] music.
Okay. Cyber cap. Find your friends.
Here's
the cyber cap driving around finding its
parking spot place in the world. I hope
it has a different place in the world.
Transporting passengers soon. But for
now, it's driving here to its little
tent.
There you see already some sitting, but
I will show you a photo that will blow
your mind unless you already saw it on
X. So now it's parking. Very nice. Thank
you. Enough music. Let's go to this one.
I have to show you this one. Look at
this. Like, what the hell is even
happening? Look at this. Like the people
saying, "Oh, forget it. Elon was wrong
again and it's it's not happening. It's
too late. They will never get to full
self-driving." Okay. What do you guys
think is this? These are cyber caps.
These are cars that literally make no
sense to exist if there wouldn't be FSD
that works. These cars are literally
like burning a pile of cash. Hundreds of
millions of dollars just the ones that
are sitting there. I don't know, I mean
tens of millions
burning that cash because these cars
cannot be sold. They cannot be
intelligently like effectively driven.
These cars have only one purpose and if
they would not meet that purpose, they
are a complete waste of money and that
purpose is commercial robo taxi
operations. Now some people say, "Oh, we
need hundreds of them for testing
reasons or something." Thousands of
them. I don't buy it to be totally
frank. You do not need
thousands of cyber caps for testing.
That is so ridiculous that idea. You
might need a dozen or two dozen. You
don't even need hundreds for testing. We
already have, in my calculation, we
already have over 1,000,
I'm very sure, we already have over
1,000 cyber caps produced. I mean, just
here you see h over 100 sitting around
in the parking lot in Austin, Texas
Gigafactory. You saw 50 in Houston. We
now see over 50 in Dallas. We have some,
no one knows how many in LA. We have
some in uh Phoenix. We have some and a
lot in the Bay Area. So, you already
have visual contact of hundreds and
hundreds. And when I just count the
production, we have over a thousand out
and very likely exceed 1,000 production
just in July, which means end of July,
we have 2,000 cyber caps.
Like really, we believe they're just
stacking them and stacking them and then
they have 4,000, then 8,000, and they're
not going to do anything with it. and
they're manufacturing them like crazy
while not seeing the light at the end of
end of the tunnel. So they are just
crazy people. So the finance department,
the operation and manufacturing
departments of Tesla, they are just
crazy people. They just want to turn out
cyber caps like crazy.
I just don't think so. I think that
thesis doesn't hold up. And I know it's
dangerous, especially with the stock
dropping, especially if we don't know
where this is going. If Tesla keeps
hovering around here at 370, it's just a
question of time before we get hit by
some bad market situation and then of
course it's the end short term. So it's
a little bit playing with fire. I
understand it having this conviction and
I definitely got hurt in June but but we
need to stay rational. Do we really
think this can go on and on and on
without anything happening?
Do we really believe that the people for
example have the theory that we have to
wait until version 15 before we start
seeing anything related to cyber cap and
version 15 probably in October,
November, December. Do we really think
at that manufacturing ramp that we are
experiencing here that this can be true?
No, I don't think so. I don't think so.
And you know who also doesn't think so?
who provided some very good technical
analysis. I'm not saying that he's
right. He's not even saying he's right.
He's just sharing his ideas publicly. Uh
that is
Lord pretty. So I don't know who knows
Flaco. I think Fleco is smart. I know
some people don't like him because Fleco
tends to be a little mean to people.
Bad Fleco, don't be mean. But as I said,
rather mean and smart than nice and
dumb. So here is what Lord Pretty Fleco
says. He has a free post for all. He's
going to post this in the subs only, but
decide it might help cheer some folks
up. Well, you cheer me up if you're
right. If you're wrong, you didn't cheer
me up. But let's see what the Lord says.
This is for the Tesla bulls weekly
chart. Okay,
here.
How do I do this? I can show you the
chart and at the same time read it if I
split my screen. Let's do that. That's a
little better.
Oh, there's some breaking news on CNBC.
Let's see what that is. Probably
nothing.
Stock markets making no news, fake news.
Okay, so let's zoom into the chart.
Boom. And I'm not a chart astrologer, so
forgive me.
But here's what Lord Pretty Fleco
presents. Take a second to says the
three instances I've notated below. The
SM SMI comes off the top and then turns
around midway. So he basically showed
this these three instances here. Uh it's
actually four, but here's the SMI and we
see tops out and then turns around and
every time it does that we see a big run
up. I find the most interesting point of
this chart um the following. He says the
current setup is specifically similar to
two of the previous instances below when
SMI went from overextended to the
downside then reached the top panel
before pulling back midway before
proceeding back higher. You see that
boom. So given April's near historically
low SMI levels,
we are now seeing the same scenario
about to potentially play out. And I
agree. So you remember here I zoom in.
You zoom in. Here's April.
You saw April. Here's April. You saw how
it's super negative, the red, right? And
then boom, it turns around. Boom. And we
had this run up. So
basically what Fleco is saying here and
coincidentally at the uptrend support
level and the AV the AV from 2025
lows which is a very strong confluence
of support and what that basically means
if you see this uptrend the lower end of
this line and I thought about this a
little bit more from a fundamental
perspective. I always told everyone
Tesla is a dramatically stronger and
better company than it was in December
2025, but also in December or mid of
2025, right? And what you see these lows
here and how they are clearly a strong
uptrend on the higher lows and you
remember that that was completely nuts.
It was 130 here uh in 2024 in April. uh
then we saw the CSD election of course
and then you saw this drop for the
liberation day but Tesla is marching
higher and I think my interpretation of
these higher lows is that is where the
market truly tests what kind of the most
conservative perspective on Tesla the
company actually looks like like at what
point does the market basically reach
consensus that it's ridiculous
ridiculously oversold there is a
fundamental component to this in my
opinion especially to these bottoms
And what you see is the if you look at
the bottoms the market is kind of
recognizing okay Tesla makes tremendous
progress FST basically completed Cyber
Cap now scaling the business turning
around Europe sales 100% year-over-year
growth semi being launched energy
through the roof so what do you even
want right and so when you look at this
you look at that you see that that line
and that's never a guarantee who the
hell knows but this is it's never a
guarantee, but you see it's bouncing off
that line and it also bounced off right
now, you know, in April and May. It
bounced off here at this 350 selloff
where I made a total killing up here,
but then I was overly optimistic on June
to be totally frank and got a little
killed here. But here I predicted that
runup because I said this is ridiculous.
Now I I'm saying where we are now is
also completely ridiculous. The big
question is, do we have to drop back to
350
or is it now 370? Is 370 the new 350?
And according to this chart and what
Flaco says, well, we might actually get
pulled up a little bit along that
support line. And so that would be the
bottom. Now, I don't know if we hit 370
today, but you see that this it doesn't
really want to go lower today. I don't
want to jinx anything. I jinxed it
before.
The bottom line is I'm getting very
bullish and you know I was bullish so
you're going to blame me like Joe you
were stupid you were wrong. But don't
forget don't forget
with stocks as long as the market is not
totally crashing. Stocks cannot just
randomly fall endlessly when everything
is looking good. Okay. Stocks can go
with the market and they can crash a
little bit. If the market crashes, the
market can get hysterical and just sell
off and then we are all dead shortterm.
That can all happen. But if the market
is stable and the market is stable, a
stock cannot endlessly crash when there
is no bad news. A stock can also not
endlessly crash when there's only good
news all over the place, which is the
case for Tesla. A stock can definitely
drop 10%
randomly, but the more it randomly drops
against good news,
the exponentially less likely it is to
drop even more. I hate to say it and a
lot of technical analysts will say, "Oh,
Joe, you're wrong. Momentum once it
drops, it drops." That's not how it
works. When you really look what's going
on, Tesla drops a lot when the market
drops and when there's panic, there is
no limit. It can drop to one, right? Not
really, but you know what I mean. 230
to 230. If the market panics
outside Tesla, it could drop a lot if
there's actual news around Tesla, but
there's zero news. So, what we are
seeing here in my opinion are technical
weird movements that have something to
do with liquidity and with SpaceX, a
little market distortion, plus general
exhaustion from this not scaling of
cyber capab. So we are bleeding down a
little bit but that bleeding also cannot
go on endlessly because we know the
relative positions of the stock. We know
that in if it's in a good mood it
reached 490 in December of last year
when all of these things were not true.
There was no semi semi there was no
cyber cap scaling. There was no crazy
SpaceX merger situation going on. So
I do think and and look at this here for
example that was when the market was
sliding down with Iran war and all these
things we hit 350
okay don't forget that
and so now this all that stuff is over
and we are still sliding down while at
the same time we are seeing this kind of
stuff and I understand emotionally
there's a lot of pain here there's a lot
of exhaustion among all of of us and
believe me I have some pain here but we
need to stay rational like this stuff
cannot go on endlessly Tesla can't just
keep dropping it can of course drop a
little bit more but it creates
exponentially more resistance and so I
was actually starting to do something
that I normally never do and don't copy
me I still use my short puts of course I
got a little slaughtered but I'm still
keeping it I'm rolling them down. I have
375, 380 and even 390 position uh for
short puts weekly. But I started to
actually go into shortterm calls. Here
is I said it but be very cautious. Okay.
Uh in the money or at the money 380
calls expiring August, this August. So
it's not leaps. They're very cheap.
They're very cheap. They cost you 26
bucks right now. 25 bucks.
So all we need is to get back to 405. So
it's basically a bet that I'm making, if
you want to think about it like that,
that Tesla will be at 405
by end of August or higher. Now maybe
you say, Joe, this is ridiculous. It
could be at 500. Yeah, exactly. So you
have to be very conservative with these
things and say okay worst case scenario
what are the odds we are under 405
in August and don't get back up before
and I would say the odds are very slim
that's why I started putting on this
position but you have to be very
cautious with these things there are two
traps with calls normally I never do
calls well I do sometimes calls I did at
240 I did it but these were leaps these
short-term calls I'm only doing if I see
a real real real opportunity from a
probabilistic perspective. And when I do
the math, what are the odds? We are not
going over let's see 390 or 400 before
or by end of August over four or five.
That would be really bad news and
extremely surprising because it would
mean we have literally no news of any
sort. There is no movement in Cyber Cap,
no movement in Optimus, there's not a
great earnings, there's literally
nothing going on
until end of August. I think that's
incredibly unlikely.
And if you ask me, is it more likely
that we see that we don't go back above
400 by end of August? Or is it more
likely we are going over 500? I would
say it's vastly more likely we go over
500.
I'm not saying it's likely, but it's
vastly more likely that we are not going
over 400. So that's how I think right
now
about this whole situation.
So let's see how this all pans out
and let's see what you guys think.
This is a Tesla focused stream. Let's go
into the questions. One last look at
SpaceX. Maybe SpaceX, as I predicted,
SpaceX is just extremely hard to get up
from here. I think this will have around
here. There will be some more buying
pressure coming in. Maybe we see a
little peak back to 170, 180. Maybe,
maybe, maybe. But good luck starting in
August with that selling pressure coming
in. I do not see how this thing
does not fall below 135. Probably below
100. And we are working on some very
cool research on SpaceX. I think it's
super hot, but I think it has just no
chance of staying here. Let's see how it
goes.
So, back to Tesla. Tesla today having
another terrible day. What does the chat
say?
I already see Uber and Lift. I just saw
this. Yeah, Uber and Lift. I do not
understand
how people can buy Uber and Lift. I
think Uber and Lift are so dead in the
like basically you're buying you're
basically playing Russian roulette with
seven bullets in the chamber and you're
betting on the guy who's playing the
roulette. It's like dude you just need
you just need Tesla to do what everyone
literally expects Tesla to do this year
and Uber is just so dead I can't even
put into words. I do not understand how
people cannot see that.
Aonda says, "Hi."
Let's go back to the beautiful pictures
here. Let's go back to this. What else
do we have here?
I mean, this is just reality. Like,
there is something called reality. What
do you guys think this is all about?
Like, they're just doing this for fun.
This is completely nuts in my opinion.
What's going on here? Uh Sean says,
"Good morning, Joe." Good morning, Sean.
SpaceX sucked all the oxygen out of the
market when closed AI and entropic IPO.
That will be another huge rug pull
maybe, but not as big as SpaceX. SpaceX
was really bad for us. I think much more
bad than I thought.
Uh
Tom Lee will be right. Markets are
testing the new Fed governor. I don't
know. Yeah, he always says that. Tom Lee
says they're testing the Fed governor.
But let's see.
If you're an investor and not a trader,
you do nothing. That is correct. Other
than DCAing at this point, this did work
out well for me. Endo. Well, we don't
know yet, but yeah,
by I mean, this is 1 million% a giant
screaming buy, but not on margin. Be
cautious.
Uh, time to use leverage.
I am using leverage at this point.
Uh, Ian says, "Oh, because this video,
yeah, I muted the music."
Hi from Holland. Back to Holland. Hello.
Sorry for the Sorry for the noise. Uh,
the
I got more leverage to use as a bigger
dip would be nice. Endo. Oh, please. No,
no more dip. I'm done with the dipping.
Tesla fire flesh sale. Exactly. Bye.
Bye. Bye. I think second quarter
earnings will be very positive. Yes. Uh
I bought in in 2020.
Had I bought six months earlier? Yeah.
But I think we are getting exactly to
this point. I think 2026 could be like
2020 or early 2027 could be like 2020.
Was the music that long? I tuned it. I I
turned down the volume pretty quickly.
The sweetest thing ever. Imagine when
it's raining. Yes, exactly. I can smell
the money coming our way. [laughter]
Yeah, I can smell it, but I can't see
it.
Um,
price target is $75 for SpaceX, says
Orin Davies. Uh yeah, I mean 75 would be
twice
twice the revenue multiple of Tesla.
So yeah, I think 75 is a reasonable
price target. But I as I said I will not
wait until it drops to a very specific
price. I am going to wait for momentum
and chart actually on SpaceX because I
don't know what the market actually
thinks. I think SpaceX is totally
undervalued. I just think from a market
conservative conventional perspective,
it's extremely overvalued. It is
undervalued fundamentally,
but no one understands this stuff. So I
know the market doesn't get it and the
market will look at comparables,
Palunteer, Tesla, Enthropic, and OpenAI
and all of them are massively are valued
massively lower than SpaceX. So I think
75 is a reasonable entry point.
But if we go through all the selling
pressure that will end to increase by
November this year and let's say we at
150 to take an extreme case. I think
that's nearly impossible. But let's say
we had 120 in November and the chart has
flattened out and bottomed out. I'm
starting to accumulate. Now, do I think
it's much more likely to be at 75 or 80?
Yes. But what I'm saying is I'm not
waiting for a specific number because
you can never tell the market what the
number is. You don't know. You can watch
the chart and you can understand the
selling pressure coming in.
It talks much about SpaceX. Should we
switch on SpaceX here?
We have been through this so many times.
Then Tesla will pop 20 per day, four
days in a row. Exactly. The question is
how much more does it fall? But I think
it's just so hard to see this falls
more. But there is no doubt we will have
a run up very soon to some crazy amount.
Well, of course there's always doubt.
You can never be absolutely sure.
Orange man says nine to Germans making
money on American stock. Why is it? It's
not orange man. Orange man's fault in my
opinion. Am I buying? Yes. I bought
Tesla was supposed to be 500. I thought
Tesla is 500 plus by now. I didn't say
500 plus by now. I said 490 by end of
June.
Let's see.
Unlikely,
but possible. Everything's possible.
Let's go back to Tesla.
Uh, whenever I'm down on my trading
positions, I always make dollars by
doubling down on my losers. Go on.
I don't know. XXV, that's dangerous
advice. But when it comes to Tesla,
yeah, I I think
I made my point. This is how it looks
like. Alpha maxing baby. Exactly.
You just have to make sure when you
double down, go crazy, you don't put
yourself in a position where you can
squeezed out. As long as you can
survive, nothing can go wrong in my
opinion. Things go wrong when Tesla
drops to 300. You get squeezed out. You
cannot double down. And then it goes to
500, but you are not participating. Then
you're dead.
That's the problem with margin and all
kinds of stuff. So that's why I'm always
stressed.
Reality is different for people. Herbert
is already living the cyber caps for
living the cyber caps for a whole year.
I followed that for a while but
somewhere on the road my reality started
lagging this reality his reality. His
last video he said that semi will soon
be driving autonomous.
Yeah, Herbert is sometimes a little too
optimistic. uh I I always had a little
bit debate with him because I always
said ah FSD as long as I hear people
saying FSD failed them even in one
situation only I mean that's too many
situations you need complete autonomy I
think now we are getting very close but
we are still not there but I also think
you can compensate for that to some
extent in a geoence area
so I do think to be totally frank that
FSD will not be ready until probably end
of the year or Q1 one for complete
autonomy, maybe even another year for
complete autonomy. The reason why I'm
bullish is
that you can start the roll out. You can
have 10,000 Zyber caps, you know,
driving around in geoenced areas even if
FSD is not perfect, as long as it's
perfect enough, right? So I think
between now and in one year or wherever
probably in a year it might be perfect
enough to have true scale but then I'm
talking about hundreds of thousands. I
think in between there will be this
transition period and I think we have
entered this period. We have entered
this period where you can have remote
operators you can have remote
monitoring. You can have some default
safety tricks and you can have geoence
and then you can start deploying these
things. And I think you know you can way
more your way out a little bit only that
Tesla will be more effective than Whimo.
And I think that period has started. And
by the way I am not that's different
between me and Herbert. Herbert is just
completely bullish on FSD because he
uses it. I'm a little bit more critical.
I see the people complaining about it. I
take this very seriously. The reason I
am so bullish is not that I'm seeing FSD
and I have complete conviction this
thing works. The reason I'm bullish is
because I know Tesla is smart. I know
Tesla is not just Elon talking out of
his butt. I know Tesla is a very
competent company. They have the best
finance department in the entire
industry. They have the best
manufacturing department. They have the
best operational department. All of
these departments are greenlighting mass
production and scaling of cyber cap.
And my main argument is you cannot scale
these cyber caps if you are sane and
efficient and do not see a clear line of
sight to the goal of deploying them.
That used to be my argument for April
May. That continues to be my argument.
And even though I was wrong on April May
and I might be wrong on June, I'm not
wrong on cyber cap scaling. And as long
as that is the case, it's hard for me to
see how this doesn't
doesn't lead to an inflection point
soon.
Providing price targets is just another
form of trying to time the market.
Yeah, but you can time the market.
That's what people don't understand.
Just the fact that most people cannot
time the market doesn't mean that some
people can't time the market. I time the
market sufficiently effectively.
Uh, of course I'm often wrong, but I'm
more right than wrong, which is all you
need. I mean, it's not all you need, but
XX says, "This is exactly what I want to
see from the person I entrust my life
savings. Double down on losing
positions." Exactly.
FSD is really not ready. I use it. It
will take time to get beyond limited
geoence rollouts. Worst case V15. Yeah,
but if you here's my point. I agree 2009
Raymond, but if you have limited geoence
rollouts, you could absorb multiple
thousands of cyber caps already. And so
version 15, end of the year, if that's
the point where it's becoming truly
uneenced,
you can still deploy thousands of cyber
caps before in limited geoenced
rollouts. That's my point.
Today hasn't been that bad for Tesla.
Only down two bucks. Well, two bucks 50.
We are not done.
Yeah, it's a great day, by the way. We
only down two bucks. I can't believe it.
I'm just daing like usual. Financial
freedom. Well, you can't go wrong with
that.
I haven't driven my Cyber Truck in
months. It drives from my garage to the
destination parks. Yeah, I hear I like a
lot of people like FSD a lot. The only
near-term hope we have is if he's used
fourth of July at the beginning stage of
cyber rollout. Well, I could just also
use the end of the month like next week
we have potential catalyst because they
said
turn the music off. The music should be
off, right? Why are people still saying
music?
I haven't experienced the latest FSD
myself.
But here all like you listen to all the
people on the chat. There are so many
people saying this is not ready. I have
problems. So I don't know maybe they
don't have 14.3.4
but it's still there are still little
issues
here. If no roll out by the first week
of July
puts and down we go low 300s. I don't I
don't know. I don't think the market is
reacting to that a lot. I don't think
the market keep like this thing dropped
already a lot. We are down 110 from the
all-time highs. I do not think the
market believes I don't think the market
is pricing in a roll out in July. Not at
all. So, it can't if it doesn't price it
in, it can't drop.
If it doesn't happen, isn't this most
likely noise and fear? Shouldn't we be
believing and realizing that there
life-changing technologies right up on
the cusp of Tesla? Exactly. Chris Gy
Giddy. Chris Giddy is 100% right. This
is all stupid noise and I believe it has
to do with some cash rebalancing SpaceX
BS because these moves are completely
inorganic and have definitely nothing to
do with Tesla. Like look at this like
this rapole move on absolutely no news.
Ridiculous. Same by the way on the bull
side when it went up on Monday. This
makes no sense which means there is some
external
influence.
Andy says, "I like your ratchet theory.
Doesn't it seem so it would be in Elon's
interest for Tesla to be lower for a
lower buyer premium?" There's a lot of
debate on this and I'm not a fan of this
theory. When you understand how
complicated companies like SpaceX and
Tesla are to manage, it's not that it's
a little startup. Elon sitting there,
it's like, "Oh, let's postpone the roll
out a little bit." That's not how it
works. These are giant juggernauts with
hundreds of thousands of people. you
can't just tell them hold hold back a
little bit. So I think first of all it
would be hyper illegal and second it
would be morally wrong and third it's
also not really possible because if
there's even a hint of something like
this and it leaks you're so dead in the
water I can't even put into words and
also you can't even put it back on. I
think for Elon it's more like get it
done as quickly as possible and that's
all you can do.
Uh, my ratchet theory, by the way, some
people say merger of equals. Uh, you
know that Tesla Boomer mama says this,
it all makes no sense. I can go into
this in a separate video, but in a
normal merger of equals where you just
do a oneonone stock exchange, share
exchange, you also have provisions in
there that the deal blows up. The deal
becomes invalid
if either stock moves more than 20%.
That's a very you like that's a very
common clause in this 20%. Are you
kidding me? That's like 30 bucks on
SpaceX. That thing moves 30 bucks every
day. On Tesla 20%, are you kidding me?
Like 20% from here. 60 bucks or 70
bucks. Are you kidding me? 70 bucks.
That thing has moved 70 bucks like in
the last month. So,
uh, yeah, a merger of equals doesn't
work with super volatile stocks like
that.
Doesn't work
here. Robo Taxi says, "Life-changing
tech, but no one knows about it." I
disagree a little bit. That's not a
strong argument. Robo taxi. Your name is
Robo Taxi. Your dad was a robo taxi. How
can you say that? But, you know, it's
life-changing tech. No one knows about
it. Unless they roll it out, then
everyone will know about it. This is
extremely
Ooh,
I just found something out. Amazing. I
can click on these things
and then you guys see it. That's so
amazing.
Here, wool is the next. I will test it.
Wow. I find I found out the ultimate
feature for us. Do you guys like this?
Now I can make you famous
here. James Marinelli. Now I will use
this feature all the time. James says,
"Joe, I think you're right. Inflection
is coming imminently. Tesla company
would not be manufacturing these cars if
it's not going to happen." I think James
is absolutely right.
Andy says,
Andy says, "The lower Tesla share pass
is, the more likely shareholders may
vote for a lower premium, but I agree
with that, but I do not agree that
there's manipulation going on.
Manipulation would be technically too
complicated, operationally too
complicated, and highly illegal."
Uh, Jimmy RML asked the billion dollar,
the trillion dollar question. When does
Tesla reach $1,500 per share? I
explained it to everyone. Once Cyber Cap
starts scaling in earnest 10,000 plus, I
think when it reaches even a,000 or
2,000 and it's a steep scaling curve or
trajectory month over month, I think
Tesla can run up extremely fast to 1,000
per share. That is what I believe. 1,500
is a little bit pushing it. I don't
know.
Uh, not in this runup, but I think can
we reach $1,000 per share this year if
we have a rollout? 100%. Can we reach
it? I'm not saying we will, but we can.
Music is off. Thank you. Finally,
Elon needs our vote for a merger
here.
Max the Xac says, "Elon needs our vote
for a merger. they need to offer
something juicy like 800 to 1,000,
right? I don't think that much. You can
think about, you know, what would you do
yourself? I think if I would get an
offer to merge into SpaceX, by the way,
not the worst deal. We get a ratchet
provision at least one to one merger and
we get paid let's say 750, I would
absolutely vote yes. If they offer us
500,
I would get very skeptical.
Uh so Tesla is an amazing company. They
are a majority Chinese company for cars
and BIS and can only do robots with
Shanghai. I feel they are bound to China
the same way as Apple two-edged sword.
Uh good point from Mark.
But we have to also consider that who's
not a Chinese company other than MU
Micron. Like everyone is a Chinese
company when it comes to this kind of
stuff.
here. R Wald says alltime highs by
September.
Could be any time. Could be in could be
in August. Could be in July.
Anyone uses Claude Fable when it was
available for two days. Yes, I was
extremely unimpressed. But I'm not using
it for coding. I use it for writing. It
totally sucks. So, I don't know what all
the hype is all about. I think Claude
Fable, Here's what I observe with
Anthropic. I think anthropic is amazing
in actually creating applications that
work spec uh specified or uh specialized
applications. For example, clot design
is mind-boggling. Clot design is just
mind-boggling. But why? Because it's
specialized. And I think what they did
with Claude Fable was that they created
a super good coding tool. And I think
Claude Fable, I think anthropic is
actually not that much of a deep tech
company. I think OpenAI
and of course Google
and I also think SpaceX AAI are much
more frontier than Anthropic. I think
Anthropic are smart little hackers. I
think they're doing what I could do in
my basement to be totally honest. They
are just scaffolding and harnessing the
hell out of their model. I don't think
they are making great. They they just
hacked. They just figured out
that the current state of AI is such
that you get an atomistic atomistic
intelligence that is fundamentally dumb
but has the atom of intelligence in the
LLMs and to make it smart you need to
build massive amounts of harnesses
around it
and that makes you happy and they are
the masters of doing that and that means
it's not that smart but it can be
deployed into specialized segments and
they did that very well with clot
design. That blows my mind. And Claude
Fable, I think, did the same thing with
cyber security, maybe with coding, but
I'm not totally sure. So, I'm not that
impressed.
It's definitely good for hacking.
I heard I don't know how to hack. I'm
not doing Don't do anything wrong.
Uh, just getting on. I picked up seven
more shares at
80 yesterday.
Orion. What do you mean 380? I think you
mean
um
overhibble
10 to 20% above the current share price
maximum. I would doubt that. No, you
can. I saw mergers with 50% above. You
40% above. It's very common. So I think
we need at least 50% above and that
wouldn't cut it right now.
It's it's a very interesting topic. I I
also, by the way, disagree with
Alexandra Tesla Boomer Mama on the
timing. She's totally convinced this
happens in July or August.
I don't think that's very likely given
the scale of that merger, given the
complications, given the legal uh
problems involved here. I think it's
very problematic because we just had an
IPO and they cannot be in a situation
where the SEC or whoever can say you
knew about that merger at IPO because
they would have had to disclose it. It's
very important that the decision to
merge was not taken before the IPO
because if that would have been the
case, they would have had to disclose
it. And if you make if you offer a
merger of that insane scale, the largest
merger in the history of humanity, and
you do it two months after IPO, and then
tell the SEC, we had no idea that we
would do that two months ago, they would
not believe it. So I think
I'm not sure, of course, but I do think
there is a very reasonable chance that
this murders not happening this year,
and everyone is just hysterical. I I
have a very high conviction it will
happen. But this year I think people
underestimate how insanely complicated
and dangerous this merger is just on an
operational level. I think it absolutely
will happen. But everything about this
merger would be much derisked if it
happened in 2027.
And this is not something you do
lightly. You don't want to mess this
merger up. You need the yes vote from
the Tesla shareholders. You need SACE to
stand down. You need all kinds of
things. So I don't know. And I think
this uh midterms election thing is also
stupid. Like what does that change?
Nothing. What does it actually
operationally change? I don't think
much.
Okay, Joe, can you say it's priced in
and why we have seen such a dump the
last few weeks? Absolutely zero news
coming. I know that's what I mean. It
feels a little unorganic.
I'm not selling any until it reaches
1,200.
That's good. Bitcoin micro strategy they
they totally get murdered
more micro strategy than Bitcoin by the
way.
Uh where's Bitcoin today? Is it over
under 60? It was over and then dropped
like a stone when the market opened.
That's very interesting.
Uh,
Bitcoin, Bitcoin, Bitcoin,
United States dollar.
It's right there at 60, 59,500.
But Micro Strategy is totally getting
murdered. I think Micro Strategy is a
total buy, but
I'm holding back still because the
momentum is not on Micro Strategy's side
right now. I don't even know what's
going on there.
Uh,
could whales like Ron Baron be dumping
Tesla to buy SpaceX, betting that space
will move higher? No, I do not think Ron
Baron is buying any SpaceX right now.
He's holding it, but he's it would be
very dumb to buy SpaceX right now.
Uh, there are no pending regulatory
safety, any government certifications
needed? No. For many states, actually,
not all states. for some you need for
New York and California.
I hope Tesla and SpaceX are never
merged. I don't think the risk and fin
space
the risk to finance SpaceX projects well
they will be up for the vote. Now the
office claimins
absolutely cook like crazy. Insane what
they can do and create if you know what
you're doing.
office claim ends. Okay, I have to check
that out.
Um, I jumped on Wendy's meme and made
25%.
Yeah, just don't stay in that stuff.
It's like GameStop. Currently under 100
robo taxis and but Elon gets examined
under microscope and bad press. Taking
his time and getting almost perfect
driving data is the best move he can
massproduce quick. Yes, but the fact
that we are in mass production tells us
something in my opinion.
Rums said, "Joe, you always have great
info." Let's share this. I love my whole
new feature here. Uh, enjoy the first
the data first approach you take if
cyber caps roll out scales up stock hits
1,00k. How does that affect the SpaceX
acquisition?
I think there's too much speculation on
the t on the SpaceX acquisition. I think
I mean it's a very good question. If he
would actually go up like crazy even at
to 600 or something or 700 and SpaceX
drops to 75 it makes it very
complicated. I'm not saying it's not
complicated.
What happens if the midterm results are
not in favor?
That's a good question. But I think like
what exactly is going to happen? The
Dems would have to actually win the
presidential election 2028 before they
can actually get into all these
administrations. They need to get in the
SEC, the FTC and all these things to
actually become a problem. So I think
the midterms are overrated. They can
impeach Trump and stuff like that, but
that doesn't affect anything Elon
related. So, I do not think the midterms
are this big thing that they make it out
to be for Tesla or SpaceX.
Rocket Lab at 60. Well, if you look at
Rocket Lab, I mean, I'm a big fan. I
think Rocket Lab is super awesome. I do
not like the price. Look at Rocket Lab
valuations. It's just too high still.
Like, it's just you have to look at
revenue multiples, for example. You have
to look at EIDA multiples and then comp
it, right? It's all about comparisons.
Uh, I missed the beginning. So, what do
you think? Will Tesla stock recover? Yes
or no? Yes, I will. I think it will
recover,
but we can always drop more in the short
term. I think there is a cyber cap
function coming that forces this thing
higher and it can't take much longer in
my opinion. I mean, it can take another
month or whatever.
My poor SATA is tanking. What good is a
13% yield if the principle keeps
dropping?
That's true.
I bought some micro strategy just
minutes ago. Yeah. I mean, if if
here if Bitcoin holds up, which I think
it will, but it's a little bit guesswork
here. It's more based on technical
analysis. Bitcoin is more tricky. If
Bitcoin holds up, I mean, there's just
no way Micro should be here.
Uh, how many knownsided cyber caps have
been seen in parking lots? There must be
a reflection point on numbers of built
cyber caps that Tesla will put them into
the robot taxi fleet soles up. Yes, I
agree.
Just bought another 100 million.
That sounds like a lot. So, tomorrow is
going to be a total collapse.
Tomorrow will be a total collapse. I
don't think so. If we had a collapse,
it should be
a NASDAQ collapse. Where are we? We
looking at NASDAQ. Yes. So, NASDAQ
did pretty poorly, right? We down 3.38%.
I didn't even notice.
Was it that bad? When was it so bad?
Yeah, we had a bad day here. Yeah, there
was also NASDAQ drop when when Tesla
dropped so much, but Tesla dropped much
more than its beta 5.7 and NASDAQ
dropped too. Uh NASDAQ is when you look
at NASDAQ given that we are in an
extreme AI rally. I always use this
chart by the way and we are now like you
see the same thing. We are in a super
bull market, right? Because things are
actually pretty good. And when you draw
the that line here being you see that we
overshot here and now we are slightly
under the trend line. The trend line
should be boom boom boom boom here. I
think we're slightly under. We should be
probably at but of course it doesn't
work like this. 26,517
roughly.
So we should be 200 points higher. So I
think this is supported by a group by a
huge bull market and we can go up more
like that. And when you zoom out on a
five-year level, you see these are all
very natural moves. That was just way
too much. We shot up too high. Now we're
going a little sideways. If you look at
this right here, we shot too high. This
was too high based on the trend. And the
trend reflects the greater margin and
profit growth of America. And which is
totally in line. Then we dropped too
much. Then we went up and here's where
we should be. And now we're dropping a
little bit more. So we're going a little
sideways. Look at this. 4% down. So I
think uh this is very healthy. This is
totally not a crash. This is a total
breather. That is extremely necessary
and healthy, but is now slightly
overdone. I think that's what we're
looking at. Look at this. This is like
how what it does here. It overshot,
pulled back, continued. Now we have
these little crises here like the
liberation day. Then we have here the
Iran war. That is these things where you
drop more than you should. Liberation
day, Iran war, but you see that it jumps
back on the original trajectory very
quickly. So I think if you want to do
just very basic analysis, that greater
trend reflects the AI bull market, the
growth in corporate profits of course
and the growth in capex and all that
kind of stuff that is very fundamental
and that is the growth trajectory and
we're just doing totally normal stuff
here. So that's very important to
understand. And I think now we pulled
back a little bit too much and should
probably get back here and then slowly
grind higher. As long as this is all the
case,
there is just no reason to be too
concerned in my opinion
here. Maybe I'm too bullish, but I
loaded up on June 227 calls.
Yeah,
that should be fine in my opinion.
Depends on what strike price, of course.
Tesla is a bad investment thus far. Semi
and search companies are such better
options. Well, the problem is in
hindsight everything is easy. The
problem is what is a good investment
going forward?
I think we in a total bull market.
Roboaxi asks are we bull or bare market
or neutral? We are in a total market
bull market but Tesla of course requires
cyber cap goes up.
So many comments. I have to wrap it up.
Robo taxi. According to Peter D Carlo
system, Tesla is not currently in a
clear bull cycle. Hence, he's not
trading Tesla. Yes, I saw this too, but
Peter is also his system is lagging and
he always makes this clear. His system
is lagging and he's a momentum trader a
little bit. So, he waits until we are on
a bull run and then he jumps on top of
it, which is fine. uh that can be a
winning strategy but of course we try to
predict that before it's happening and
we are a little bit more fundamental
here which is very important
when the leftists lefties won in
November Elon goes to jail I don't think
so because
uh I disagree
because
no you will not you will not have tax on
unrealized capital gains. This is not
the Netherlands.
Uh, and you can't send Elon to jail
unless you have the presidency too. You
need to corrupt the Department of
Justice, so-called justice, and then you
can put him in jail. So, that can happen
in 2028, but not before
uh civil war between left and right
still possible. How is that for 250th
anniversary? [laughter]
I don't think this is going to happen in
this uh legislative period or in this
presidential
period,
but I'm a little concerned for 2028.
We are not there yet. It's a long way to
go.
Volume is so low today. Yes, Tesla is
definitely like a little bit dead man in
the water.
Uh
here could be at least we believe in
arming ourselves. Purple hairs have no
weapons. Well, John J, I'm not so sure.
They have more and more weapons.
They got the message too. They just
can't use them. That's the advantage.
The word from Antifa far left educators
and people giving talks. There's plans
for widespread disruptions for 2028. At
least that's when Katherine Brieno
was saying several months ago. Who's
that? I don't even know. Um
well, I think it's too early to predict
anything for 2028 that but you know the
risks are enormous.
The risks are enormous because AI at
that point I think will have massive
impacts on the job market and then many
problems.
Why would anyone want to buy Tesla stock
now? The merger isn't good for us and
the vulnerability of it will make people
stand back. I I totally disagree. I
think the merger will clearly add
significant premium to Tesla. Also,
Tesla is totally oversold. Uh I think
Tesla is a I think Tesla is a much
better bet right now than SpaceX.
Okay, Sean XT, I hear you. But they can
destroy it all and we will start in
November. It's over. I don't think John
J. I don't know what they can do. I
don't think they can do too much with
only Congress.
Um, okay guys, I need to wrap it up. It
was great to have you here. By the way,
I'm preparing a video. I'm having I will
do two political videos. Sometimes I
have to be political. One is
Citizen Vigilante. Did you hear about
that movie? Crazy story. Crazy story. It
is out now on X because um
the director made it available for free
on X. It's banned in Germany. Not
banned. I will explain this in my video
what happened in Germany, but the
Germans basically banned this movie.
It's the most successful German movie of
all time. It's in English. And after two
weeks, the most successful made over 80
million bucks or something somehow. I
don't even understand how. It's about
Citizen Vig London. I think it's
explosive.
An explosive movie and now Elon has
shared it and it's basically visible
everywhere except for Germany and it's
crazy. This is going to be a fun little
video to cover this because some big
things are happening. But that's just a
side note.
Thank you so much for joining today. I
hope you enjoy the rest of your Thursday
and I see you tomorrow.
Oh, Katherine Boris. I have to look up
street care zero. Sounds very
interesting. Infiltrates Antifa. That's
very dangerous. Uh, interesting stuff.
Okay, see you guys soon. See you
tomorrow.