Channel:     brighterwithherbert
Title:       Elon Musk Makes Big Tesla Predictions On Q1 2026 Earnings | Supercut
URL:         https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tFbWqJ1kvQM
Published:   2026-04-23 00:00 UTC
Fetched:     2026-04-23 01:00 UTC

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Hi,
&gt;&gt; good afternoon everyone and welcome to
Tesla's first quarter 2026 Q&amp;A webcast.
My name is Travis Axarrod, head of
investor relations and I'm joined today
by Elon Musk Tenea and a number of other
executives.
Our Q1 results were announced at about 3
p.m. Central time in the update deck we
published at the same link as this
webcast.
During this call, we will discuss our
business outlook and make
forward-looking statements. These
comments are based on our predictions
and expectations as of today. Actual
events or results could differ
materially due to a number of risks and
uncertainties, including those mentioned
in our most recent filings with the SEC.
During the question and answer portion
of today's call, please limit yourself
to one question and one follow-up.
Please use the raise hand button to join
the question queue. Before we jump into
Q&amp;A, Elon has some opening remarks.
Elon,
&gt;&gt; thank you. So I think we've got a very
exciting year ahead of us with 2026.
We're going to be substantially
increasing our investments in the
future. So should expect to see
significant a very significant increase
in capital expenditures. But I think
well justified for a sub substantially
increased future revenue stream. And
obviously Tesla is not alone in this. I
think you've seen most if not all
certainly the major technology companies
are substantially increasing their
capital investments and and and we're
going to be doing the same. I think it's
it's going to pay off in a in a very big
way. So we're investing in and improving
our core technologies battery powertrain
AI software AI training chip design
manufacturing expan you know laying the
groundwork for significantly increased
manufacturing production. We are also
strengthening our supply chain across
the board, batteries, energy, AI,
silicon, everything and laying the
groundwork like I said for what we
expect to be a significant increase in
vehicle production in the future and of
course a very significant increase well
actually releasing Optimus but
increasing our internal production for
testing and then probably being able to
have Optimus be useful outside of Tesla
sometime next year.
As you've heard me say a few times, I
think Optimus will be our biggest
product, not just Tesla's biggest
product ever, but probably the biggest
product ever. And and I remain convinced
of that conclusion.
So on our vehicle side, it's always I
think worth noting that
a Tesla car is incredibly incred
incredible value for money and they're
they're all autonomy ready depending on
what part of the world you're in. The
supervised full self-driving is getting
extremely good. We have just started
production of cyber cabab and we'll
begin production of our semi-truck soon.
Now I should say whenever you have a new
product with with with a completely new
supply chain, new everything, it's
always a stretched out scurve. So you
should expect that initial production of
cyber cab and semi will be very slow,
but then ramping up and going kind of
exponential towards the end of the year
and certainly next year.
And in fact, we'll be ramping up
production of all vehicles and all
factories to the best of our ability
through the balance of this year.
On the energy front, the United States
and the whole world will need a lot of
energy storage to meet growing
electricity demand. Demand for our mega
pack is very strong and we're excited to
begin production of Mega Pac 3 later
this year in our new worldclass factory
outside Houston.
for full self-driving and robo taxi
version 14.3 was a major architectural
update and we have a whole pipeline of
major improvements to full self-driving
that we believe will
lead to unsupervised full self-driving
being available anywhere in the world
that it is legal to do so.
And then there's a version 15
hopefully later this hopefully by the
end of this year but certainly by early
next year and that will be a complete
overhaul of the software architecture
and we'll run on AI4. That's and that at
that point we're really just increasing
the safety level of FSD above human
safety level even more. meaning I think
even within version 14
we're significantly safer than human but
B15 will take that to another level.
We've expanded Grover taxi to Dallas and
Houston using the same software source
in the Bay Area and the limiting factor
for expansion is really rigorous
validation making sure things are
completely safe. We don't want to have a
single accident or injury with the
expansion of robo taxi and we have to
the credit of the team not had a single
one to date. And then Optimus, we're
preparing Fremont for starter production
later this year with with Optimus.
Again, totally new supply chain, totally
new technology. So therefore, it's the
production scurve is always very slow in
the beginning, but we'll ramp up to
significant numbers next year.
And we're constructing a second Optimus
factory in at our Giga Texas location.
Um, and that will probably start
production around summer next year.
The V3 Optimus design is almost ready to
demonstrate. I think we want to just
make sure it's like polished, like it
works functionally, but there's some
aesthetic elements that need to be
finalized. And I think probably middle
of this year we should be able to show
it off. We're also a little hesitant to
show V3 off because we find our
competitors do a frame by frame analysis
whenever we release something and copy
everything they possibly can. So I think
there's some value to you know not
showing new technology until it's close
to production.
The congratulations to again to the
Tesla AI chip team for taping out AI5.
That's going to be a great chip. I think
probably the best ed AI
inference chip for edge compute that
exists and certainly unequivocally the
best value for money. team did a great
job and we're already have a lot of
momentum for designing AI6 and we've
begun to discuss ideas for dojo 3.
So this is all very exciting. We've also
finalized plans for the research chab on
the Giga Texas campus and we'll start
construction of that this year.
In conclusion, Tesla is working on a lot
of large ambitious projects. makes it
all very very challenging, but I think
they're going to be revolutionary. And
this is what the team does best. Solve
the hardest problems and build amazing
products. And I'd like to thank the
Tesla team for all their hard work. And
thank you to all of our supporters.
&gt;&gt; Great. Thank you very much, Elon. And
Veov also has some opening remarks.
&gt;&gt; Thanks, Travis. So, 2026 has had an
interesting start, not just for us, but
I think the world in general. On the
autos business, we have seen a
resurgence in demand in AMIA and certain
countries like France and Germany
showing over 150% quarter overquarter
growth in deliveries. In APAC, we
witnessed growth in South Korea and
Japan again in terms of deliveries. Even
out here in the US, we've seen a slight
growth in terms of quarter quarter
deliveries.
On the order backlog front, we ended the
quarter with the highest Q1 order
backlog in over two years. Whilst the
recent increase in gas prices has had a
positive impact on the order rate, this
improvement started before the uptrend
in gas prices. This is due to the work
done by the Tesla team in bringing more
compelling and affordable vehicles to
market. 10 years back when we launched
model 3 in the US with a promise of
35,000 starting price which if you
adjust today for inflation translates to
about $48,000 in today's dollar terms
the starting price of model 3 today is
way less than that while the product is
way more compelling from where it
started given this setup we're focused
on increasing our overall production
volume something that we already started
in Q1
this volume increase is evidenced by the
Giga Berlin reaching a record output of
over 61,000 units in Q1. We plan to keep
growing volumes further not just in
Berlin but across all our factories. Our
biggest limiter continues to be our
battery pack capacity and we are
actively working on resolving that.
Auto margins excluding credits improved
sequentially from 17.9 to 19.2%. and 2%.
Note that we have had certain one-time
benefits from warranty trowns around 230
million and some relief on tariffs. We
have not realized any benefit from the
recent Supreme Court ruling on IPA
tariffs as there is still a lot of
uncertainty around the final outcome.
Both tariffs and sustained high interest
rates continue to add to our automotive
cost. Interest rate subvention costs are
recognized upfront. If interest rates
continue to rise, our cost of subvention
will continue to impact auto margins.
On the FSD adoption front, we continue
to see improvement reaching nearly 1.3
million paid customers globally. The
bulk of the growth came from
subscriptions while upfront purchases
only increased 7% as we removed the
purchase option in some markets. in Q1.
We recently received approvals for FSD
in Netherlands. This sets up us well for
a EUwide approval later in Q2 and you
know we're just gated by how the
regulators go about it. Additionally,
we've also received approvals in China.
The broader approval is still not there,
but we're working with the regulators in
the country and we're hoping that we can
get approval by Q3. With these approvals
coming through, we expect the broader
adoption of the software in the existing
fleet and incremental demand for our
vehicles. With all this in mind, we have
evolved our vehicles sales strategy
where we now emphasize FSD as the
product and vehicle as only the delivery
mechanism.
As we have noted previously, the energy
storage business is inherently lumpy
tied to customer deployment timelines.
In Q1, we deployed 6 8.8 Gawatt R of
energy storage, a 38% sequential
decline. However, we still expect 2026
deployments to be higher than 2025.
We set yet another record with gross
margins in this business over 39 a.5%
due to some one-time benefits from
certain tariff recognitions of more than
250 million from certain tariffs which
you had paid in prior quarters on a
normalized basis. We continue to expect
energy compression from here with
increasing competition and tariff
impacts. As previously discussed,
tariffs in this business can have outsiz
impacts as most of the battery cells are
procured from China. Our order backlog
for this business is robust and we're
doing our best to build not just based
on existing demand but also on expected
demand.
Services and others improved
sequentially from 8.8% to 9.2%. This
includes a collection of efforts meant
to support our customers like service
centers, used cars, paid supercharging,
part sales, insurance, and even our robo
taxi business. We're making deliberate
investments in the infrastructure to
help the robot taxi in the future. We
grew the robot taxi fleet quarter over
quarter and we expect to keep ramping
the fleet as we accelerate and get into
other geographies.
On operating expenses side, we did
increase sequentially from a full
quarter stock-based compensation expense
for the 2025 CO compensation plan for
which one milestone is still deemed
probable. Additionally, our spend on AI
related initiatives including expense on
development of our own AI5 chip and new
products like cyber cap, semi, optimus
and mega block etc. continue to be at a
elevated levels and we expect this trend
to continue for the full year 2026.
Net income was impacted from
marktomarket charges on Bitcoin holdings
which depreciated 22% as compared to the
last quarter and the unfavorable impact
of FX primarily from our large
intercomps
on free cash flow. We ended the quarter
with just over 1.4 4 billion as Elon
mentioned we are in a very big capital
in investment phase which is going to
start now and would last a couple of
years. So based on that our current
expectation for 2025 2026 is over 25
billion of capex
and you know just to remind you we are
paying for six factories which were
going to go into operation. Some have
already started some would go into
operation later part of this year. We're
further increasing our investment in AI
related initiatives including the AI
infrastructure to support robotaxi and
the launch of Optimus. We've already
started placing orders for the research
semiconductor flab in Austin and for
solar manufacturing equipment. While
this may seem a lot and we will have the
impact of negative free cash flow for
the rest of the year, we believe this is
the right strategy to position the
company for the next era. We'll make
such investments in a very capital
efficient manner.
We are actively working on our mission
of building a future of amazing
abundance. However, that requires not
just a lot of investment but an immense
amount of execution. The future is going
to be great and the whole Tesla team is
rising to the occasion to make this a
reality. I would like to end by thanking
the Tesla team, our customers, investors
and vendors for having confidence in us
on this journey. Thanks.
&gt;&gt; Thank you very much, Rev. Now, we're
going to go to investor questions
starting with a question from say.com.
The first question is when will we have
the Optimus 3 reveal which we already
touched on but the rest of the question
is when will Optimus production start
since we ended the model X and S
production earlier this midyear and then
what's the expected Optimus production
rate exiting this year and what are the
initial targeted skills
&gt;&gt; well as I was saying what we found is
that when we've unveiled first Optimus
versions we found out how competitors
literally do a frame by frame analysis
and copy everything we're doing. So I
think we want to push the Optimus 3
unveil maybe closer to production start
of production is we're assuming is
somewhere
you know somewhere around the late July
August time frame and I mean just just
to inject some reality into these
questions since these questions are are
not you know
who did this whoever this question does
not fully understand what happens with
the production line the the Last SX
production will be in early May, but you
have to look at the entire upstream
portion of the production line. So you
have to start with, you know, sales,
battery packs, you know, motor
production, all the parts production.
And so we've been dismantling the sex
production line you know from the you
know more base level parts b the more
basic level parts to as you get to more
larger sub assemblies you you you start
dismantling the line from the small
parts first not not from the final
assembly first. So the final assembly
line will that'll be dismantled next
month and the after the last of the SX
vehicles done. Now, you can't dismantle
some gigantic production line like
overnight. It takes at least a few
months to do so. And then you've got to
install a new production line. Um, and
you've got to provide all of the wiring
and communication uh, you know, test out
the machines of the new production line
for Optimus. So, that that also takes
several months. So frankly, if we're
able to go from stopping production on
one line, dismantling that entire line,
reinstalling a whole new line, and
turning that on in a matter of 4 months,
that is an insanely fast speed.
I don't think any other company on Earth
has ever done that before, just to put
things into perspective and inject some
reality into the situation here. I don't
know what the production rate of Optimus
will be this year. It is impossible to
predict these things. When you have a
brand new product in an entirely new
production line and you have 10,000
unique items, all of which have to go
right to ramp production. It will move
as fast as the least lucky, slowest,
dumbest part in the entire 10,000.
And this is a Optimus is a completely
new product with a completely new
production line. So, it's just literally
impossible to predict
except that I I think it will be quite
slow at first as we iron out the 10,000
plus unique items that have to be sold
for Optimus to reach volume production.
Initial skills will be obviously we're
going to start with simple skills um in
the factory and then build up from
there.
&gt;&gt; Great. Thank you, Elon. The next
question is, what milestones are you
targeting for unsupervised FSD and robo
taxi expansion beyond Austin this year
and how will that drive recurring
revenue?
&gt;&gt; Well, we certainly hope to have
unsupervised FSD or robo taxi operating,
you know, in I don't know a dozen or so
states by the end of this year.
Initially, you know, we're taking a very
cautious approach to the roll out here.
like we we haven't had any injuries and
certainly no fatalities to date with the
unsupervised FSD and rover taxi
expansion. We want to keep it that way
and so
I think probably
unsupervised FSD or rover taxi revenue
will not be super material this year but
I do think it will be material it'll be
material probably in a significant way
next year.
&gt;&gt; Great. Thank you very much. The next
question is, when do you expect FSD
unsupervised to reach customer cars?
&gt;&gt; Prod. I'm just guessing here, but
probably in the fourth quarter. It's
difficult to release this like to
everyone everywhere all at once because
we do want to make sure that they're not
unique situations in a city that you
know particularly complex intersection
or you know actually they tend to be
places where people get into accidents a
lot because they're just you know
perhaps there's an like I said an unsafe
intersection or bad road markings or you
know a lot of weather challenges. So I
think we would release unsupervised
gradually to the customer fleet you know
to yeah as we feel like a particular
geography is confirmed to be safe.
&gt;&gt; Great. And the next question is how will
hardware 3 cars reach unsupervised FSG?
Unfortunately, hardware 3, I wish it
were otherwise, but hardware 3 simply
does not have the capability to achieve
unsupervised FSD. You know, we did think
at one point it it would have that, but
relative to to hardware 4, it has only
1/8 of the memory bandwidth of hardware
4. And memory bandwidth is one of the
key elements needed for unsupervised
FSD. It's just generally a thing that's
needed for for AI for if you're doing an
auto aggressive transformer memory
bandwidth is the choke point. So,
you know, for for customers that have
bought FSD,
what we're offering is essentially a
trade in like a discounted trade in for
cars that have AI4 hardware and and and
we'll also be offering the ability to
upgrade the car to replace the computer.
And you also need to replace the cameras
unfortunately to go to hardware 4. So
to do this efficiently, we're going to
have to set up like kind of micro
factories or small factories in major
metropolitan areas in order to do it
efficiently. If it's because if it's
done just at at the service center, it's
it it is extremely slow to do so and
inefficient. So we we basically need
like many production lines to to make
the change. And I I do think over time
it's going to make sense for us to
convert all hardware 3 cars to hardware
4 because that's what enables them to uh
enter the robo taxi fleet and have
unsupervised FSD.
&gt;&gt; And for what it's worth in the meantime
we're going to also release V14 version
for hardware 3. This will be a dist
version of the same V14 software that we
released for hardware 4 and people
should be able to start the drives from
park state and basically have all the
features that V14 for hardware 4 has and
that's expected to come end of June.
&gt;&gt; Great. Thank you very much. The next
question is what enabled you to finish
the AI5 tape out early and were there
any changes to the original vision? Last
week, Elon said AI5 will go into Optimus
and the supercomputer, but one month ago
said it would go into the robo taxi. Has
AI5 been dropped from the vehicle road
map?
Well, the reason AI5 tape out finished
early was because the team worked
incredibly hard to make it happen and
just over time we gathered a lot of
momentum. But we did have to work every
weekend for six months straight,
including every holiday. So it was a lot
of sacrifice by the team and I was there
of course myself every weekend and you
know fortunately we didn't encounter any
major we didn't make any major mistakes
that at least that we're aware of that
required pushing out the tape out so
that the team just did a great job and
worked incredibly hard is the reason.
Yeah, I do expect that AI5 will go into
Optimus and into the data center because
it's looking like we'll be able to
achieve unsupervised
self-driving with AI4 that is far
greater than human safety levels. So,
which means it's certainly not
immediately needed in the car. some
point I think it will make sense for us
to switch to AI5 in the car, but there's
not a pressing issue to do so. So, but
at some point the AI4 hardware is going
to get like so old that it's like okay,
you know, the only reason they're
keeping the factory open is for AI4. We
are planning an AI4
upgrade to use
newer generation RAM. So it'll go from
uh 16 gigabytes to I think 32 GB per
SOC. So a total of 64 GB and probably a
10% increase in compute in in sort of in
trillions of operations per second and
in memory bandwidth. So that's AI4.1
AI4 Plus probably
goes into production
middle of next year I think depends.
It's depends on Samsung's doing the
modifications for us. So it sort of
depends on when they're able to finish
those modifications and bring it to
production.
&gt;&gt; Great. The next question is, now that
FSD has been approved in the Netherlands
and is expected to launch across Europe
this summer, can you discuss your robo
taxi strategy for the region?
&gt;&gt; Well, we're probably jumping the gun
here on robo taxi in Europe since it is
took us an immense amount of time just
to get supervised self-driving approved
in Europe. And you know, these we don't
control the regulators. you know, it's
we push as hard as we can, but that's
it's ultimately up to the governments in
Europe and the EU to decide what what to
do. So, yeah, as it is, we've only been
approved in the Netherlands. We expect
to be improved approved in a lot of
other countries
and I think the supervised FSD goes to
Brussels for EU review in May. Yeah. So
and obviously the next thing beyond that
is to aim for unsupervised self-driving
or rover taxi in Europe. I actually
don't know what the time frame for that
is and would be somewhat at the mercy of
the regulators as to when that approval
would would take place.
&gt;&gt; And from a technology standpoint what we
deployed in Netherlands and Europe is
the same exact architecture and the
training procedure and so on except it
had more Europe data. And I suspect the
same thing will be true for unsupervised
FSD as well. Whatever we used to solve
in the US will work in other places in
the rest of the world too provided we
were able to add the data from the local
regions.
&gt;&gt; Great. The next question is given the
recent Nitsa incident filings, can you
update us on the robo taxi safety data?
If safety validation remains the primary
bottleneck, why not deploy thousands of
vehicles to accelerate removal of the
safety driver?
&gt;&gt; Shark, do you want to take that? Yeah,
we are increasing the amount of our QA
fleet, but we also want to use the
customer fleet to give us the useful
metrics back so that we can scale it
safely. Like I don't mentioned, we are
absolutely focused on safety and so far
we have zero incidents and that's what
the Nitsa filing also shows. In addition
to safety, we are also solving some of
these so-called scaling issues. For
example, you do not want the robot taxi
to be stuck blocking intersections or
don't want to be dropping people off at
slightly incorrect locations and so on.
So we are simultaneously solving the
long tale of safety by monitoring the
metrics across the entire Tesla customer
vehicle fleet which are you know is
close to driving 10 billion miles on FSD
in the next few weeks and also scaling
up the amount of QA fleet that we have
across the entire US to accelerate our
safety validation while also scaling the
rest of the factors that can you know
throttle the increase of unsupervised
vehicles.
All right, the next question is, is
V14.3
still the last piece of the puzzle to
enable large scale unsupervised FSD and
robo taxi or do we have to wait until
V15?
&gt;&gt; Well, no, I I I think 14.3 is is is the
last piece of the puzzle for
unsupervised FSD. Now the question is
like degrees of safety like how safety
and convenience I suppose we have a lot
of known improvements like major
architectural improvements that we know
would improve the probability of safety
significantly.
So
I think it's it's not going to make
sense for us to deploy
you know unsupervised FSD or robo taxi
at large scale when we we know that
there are major architectural
improvements to the software that can
improve safety. So, so I think we're
we're going to want to finish writing
that software, validate it, and release
it before going to large scale,
unsupervised FSD,
depending as what large scale means. I
mean, we we we are we of course, as I
mentioned earlier, doing unsupervised
FSD in three cities and we'll expand
to, like I said, probably a dozen states
or more later this year. So kind of
depends on what your definition of large
scale is. But I do think it wouldn't it
wouldn't be
&gt;&gt; right for us to
go go to go to like very large scale
unsupervised FSD when we know that there
are software improvements in the
pipeline that would improve safety.
&gt;&gt; Yep. And I'd like to note that the
version of robo taxi that's running in
Austin, Dallas, Houston, etc. those are
essentially 14.3 variants. And it's
obviously safe that that's why we're
able to launch in those cities and we
continue to expand based on the V13
sorry V14.3 base for a while until V15
lands and V15 is going to be a major
upgrade.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; Great. Thank you. The next two questions
we've already answered about robo taxi
rollout and the data that that we're
observing. So we will end on the last
question which is what is Tesla doing to
scale the energy generation business
with solar? Residential roof deployments
have stalled. Will Tesla move to
regional solar and battery farms perhaps
coupled to superchargers? Will we deploy
solar through utilities?
&gt;&gt; Yeah, the overall US residential solar
market is going through a bit of a
correction after the loss of the
homeowner tax credit last year, but we
still see strong demand shaping up for
the second half of the year. Tesla
introduced a lease product this year
that allows us to capture the tax credit
ourselves and offer competitive pricing
for homeowners. We've also debuted our
own solar panel with superior
performance and aesthetics as well as
our own best-in-class mounting system
that gives us a fully integrated home
energy ecosystem. We believe we strongly
believe that solar and storage markets
globally will continue to grow at both
residential and utility scale and we
will continue to invest in that growth.
Great. Thank you, Mike. So, now we're
going to move on to analyst questions.
The first question is going to come from
Will Stein at Truist. Will, please feel
free to unmute yourself when you're
ready.
&gt;&gt; Uh, can you hear me?
&gt;&gt; Yes. Yes, we can.
&gt;&gt; Great. Great. Thanks for taking my
question. Considering the various
parties involved in the Terrafab
project, I'm hoping you can provide some
details for investors about which party
is going to take responsibility for each
aspect of that project, funding it,
designing it, building it, operating,
taking production, and the like. We'd
love to hear some some more details.
Yeah. So,
we're still working out the details of
the Terraab deployment. In the near
term, Tesla will be uh building the
research lab on our Giga Texas campus.
This is something we expect to be
probably,
you know,
a $3 billionish in initiative and
capable of maybe a few thousand wafers
per month. But it's really intended to
try out ideas the research lab both in
terms of maybe we have some ideas for
improving the fund fundamental
technology of how chips are made and
some of the there's some new physics
we'd like to test out but we also want
to test out the ability to see if
something is working in production. So
you need kind of like a few thousand
wafer starts a month to make sure that a
production process is sound.
And then SpaceX is going to take care of
like the initial phase of the scaled up
terra fab. And that's what we've figured
out thus far. You know, any any kind of
intracompany thing has to be approved by
both the SpaceX and Tesla board of
directors. It's got to go through a
conflict resolution. It's kind of a lot
of unfortunately a lot of complexity
because we got to make sure Tesla
shareholders are served and SpaceX
shareholders are served and strike the
right balance there. So it takes a while
to work through the kind of independent
director
reviews on this. So that's basically
what we've figured out thus far is
Tesla's doing the research fab, SpaceX
doing the initial part of the large
scale terafab and then we got to figure
out the rest.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; And what about Intel's involvement?
&gt;&gt; Yeah. So Intel is excited to partner
with us on the some of the core
manufacturing technologies. So we plan
to use Intel's 14A process which is
state-of-the-art and in fact not yet
totally complete. So, but given that by
the time Terrafab scales up, 14A will be
probably fairly mature or ready for
prime time. 14A seems like the right
move. And we have a great relationship
with Intel, a lot of respect for the
CEO, the CTO, and the new team there.
So, we think it's it's going to be a
great partnership.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. And the other thing on the
research fab I think we've said it
before we plan to do memory logic
everything in the same place including
mask because we want to have a quick
iteration loop so that we can see and
basically scale the technologies which
we're trying to bring up. Yeah, I I
think this will be unique in the world
or at least I'm not aware of any place
where you'd you have the lithography
mask creation the and and then logic
memory and packaging in in under one
roof in one building. that that's about
the fastest I could possibly imagine
doing recursive
research and development and and being
able to try out some pretty radical
ideas
some of which have you know you know
it's kind of longshot stuff but if the
some of these long shots pan out would
be radical improvements in the way chips
work.
&gt;&gt; Great. The next question is going to
come from Pierre at New Street. Pierre,
please feel free to unmute yourself.
&gt;&gt; Hey, thanks a lot for taking my
question. A quick one first on FSD
adoption. So, you have 180,000 new users
paying users this quarter and I compare
that to your overall install base, it
might be 15%, but then if I shrink that
to the US or to North America where most
of them are, it's probably more like 30
35%.
And I'm trying to and I compare that you
probably sold about 100,000
cars in North America in the quarter. So
you're winning twice more FSD users and
you're selling cars. And then if I add
to that picture the fact that I guess
it's mostly hardware for owners who
subscribe to FSD, it sounds like most
drivers in North America who have
hardware for would already be using FSD.
Is that the right way to think about it?
And the kind of like success FSD is
meeting today. Is that is that is that
the right way to think about it?
Yeah, I I think you're thinking about it
the right way pair and the other thing
which I'll share is that you know you
can't just look at one quarter versus
the other quarter in terms of churn but
we are actually seeing churn of
subscribers also coming down which again
is a reflection of the product is
getting better and obviously if
subscriptions are going up that is a
good metric. The other thing also to
note is that we are seeing customers
actually drive longer which again you
could correlate it that's why you have
lesser churn because people are liking
the product and if I mean I've said this
before if I just use my own personal
behavior right I literally get in the
car I press a button and it just goes
and earlier I used to park now I don't
even have to park and that is the exper
experience which we want everybody to
gain and that's why you're starting
seeing it in the numbers come through.
&gt;&gt; Excellent. Thank you. And if I may maybe
a quick followup completely different
it's more on the Optimus architecture
and you talked about the partnership
with XAI and and Gro and I I was
wondering if you can share with us
anything about how the system to
intelligence is going to be implemented.
Is that going to be on board on chips
inside Optimus? Or if we should think
about like your fleet of like a million
Optimus being produced a year actually
driving very significant inference
demand in data centers as well for for
system to thinking.
Well, we think we can put a lot of
intelligence locally in the robot and
and and it certainly needs to be enough
intelligence that if the robot gets
disconnected, like if it's a bad
cellular signal or there isn't Wi-Fi,
you know, Optimus can't just get stuck.
It needs to have enough local
intelligence that it can still do useful
things, you know, even if it loses the
connection. Kind of like the car. Like
the car does not need any cellular or
Wi-Fi connection to be able to drive
safely. Now I guess you can think of
like Octopus needs kind of a a manager
to tell it tell it what to do broadly
speaking like if you know otherwise it's
going to keep doing the same thing it
did before. So, you know, I think you
need kind of a an orchestration AI,
which you know, Grock would be good for
orchestration and and then for, you
know, for Optimus' voice, you know,
having a
low latency intelligent voice AI, Grock
is actually very good for that. So if
you want to talk to Optimus and have
kind of a you know a Grock level
conversation, you you kind of need to
connect to a Grock level AI for for
that. But but I would expect the amount
the amount of interaction
apart from like you know the voice voice
stuff and asking complicated questions
of the robot that necessarily needs a a
large AI model to answer the
you know Grunk would probably have about
as much interaction with Optimus as a
manager would have with the people on
their team.
So meaning meaning Optimus could
probably work for you se several hours
without any management oversight.
Great. The next question is going to
come from Dan at Barclays. Dan, please
feel free to unmute yourself.
&gt;&gt; Great. Good evening. Thank you for
taking questions. Elon, your your chip
suppliers generally generate pretty good
economics on the chip they sell. Your
approach has historically been on
vertical integration. Part of that has
been to get better economics. So I know
the the longerterm goal of Terafab is to
get the supply you need, but how much of
Terafab is also motivated to get better
economics on your midterm chip
purchases? And how long is it going to
take to ramp to get to a yield that
achieves that type of economic parody?
&gt;&gt; No, I mean Terafab is is not some sort
of mechanism for to generate leverage
over our chip suppliers. It's just
literally we we don't see a path to
having enough
efficient quantity of AI chips down the
road as we scale production to high
levels. It just the the rate at which
the industry is growing in logic but
even more so in memory is just doesn't
you know we just we just anticipate
hitting the wall if if we don't make
chiffs ourselves. So uh that's that's
the reason for the ter t terab. I think
that we do have some ideas for how to
make maybe radically better AI chips.
You know, these are
kind of research ideas there, you know,
which means like long shot, but if long
shot pays off, it's maybe a giant
improvement
and it's just easier to do that if we
have our own research fab and and and
are developing our own production
technologies.
So,
and if you look sort of longterm at, you
know, say having AI satellites, making
trips for those, there's just there's no
just no way in hell the existing
industry can keep up with that. It's
impossible.
&gt;&gt; All right. And our next question is
going to come from Mark at Goldman
Sachs. Mark, please feel free to unmute
yourself.
&gt;&gt; Yes. Good afternoon. Thank you very much
for taking my question. I recognize the
importance of FSD and that FSD can help
to drive vehicle sales and and is to see
some of the improvements and the FSD
technology more recently with version
14. However, I'm also hoping to
understand if the company's view on new
vehicle models has evolved and I ask
given that Elon you posted on X recently
that Tesla could develop a family
vehicle and there's also been some past
discussion about a compact vehicle.
&gt;&gt; Well, I mean Cyber Cab is the compact
vehicle. It's actually I mean it's very
roomy but it's a two it's a twoerson
vehicle and we do think probably most of
our production long term will be cyber
cap because 90% of miles driven are with
two or one or two people. So it would
mean that
you know you'd want to
vast majority of your production to be
cybercap then but over time it's going
to make sense for our whole lineup to be
autonomous vehicles of different sizes.
And I I did talk a bit about this when
we did the kind of AI day in LA at
Warner Brothers and you know showed like
this is our current lineup and this is
what you know some idea of what our
future lineup will be which is that it's
going to be almost entirely autonomous.
In fact longterm the only manually
driven car will be the the new Tesla
Roadster. Speaking of which we may be
able to debut that in a month or so. It
requires a lot of testing and validation
before we can actually have a demo and
not, you know, have something go wrong
with the demo. But I think it will be
one of the most exciting product unveils
ever. I'm not sure. I I don't think it
moves the needle massively from a
revenue standpoint. So, but it is very
cool. I think I think it might be one of
the most spectacular demos ever.
&gt;&gt; All right. And Mark, did you have a
follow-up question?
&gt;&gt; Yeah, thanks Travis. My other question
was on batteries and the company
mentioned batteries as a constraint on
its growth. Can you speak more to how
Tesla expects to resolve this and to
what extent that might come from ramping
up your own LFP and 4680 battery cell
manufacturing or is this something that
you'd expect to resolve primarily with
increased sourcing from suppliers? Thank
you.
Yeah. So, at the moment, I think the
limiter is not the cells itself. It's
the battery pack capacity. And you know,
we're like I said in my opening remarks,
we're actively working on resolving
this. There's more capacity being added
as we speak. And I'll let Lars add a few
more things to it.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, thanks. As you guys may have seen
in in Berlin, we started launching a
Model Y battery pack with our in-house
4680 cells a few months ago, and that is
ramping up nicely, adding to Berlin's
output and helping with the demand surge
that we've seen in Europe. As well,
we're adding additional capacity in our
Reno facility, sort of retooling it as
it's been building packs now for, you
know, almost 10 years. and in order to
put in some more efficient lines and get
you know additional output out there and
then you know we continue to have growth
in China as well ramping in-house LFP
module production and battery packs
associated with that. So all of those
things are happening now and in in the
next months and that's you know really
plans we laid out a few months back to
increase that that output with the
growing demand.
&gt;&gt; All right, thank you guys. And our next
analyst is going to be Colin from Wells
Fargo. Colin, please feel free to unmute
yourself.
&gt;&gt; Oh, great. Thanks for taking my
questions. You you moved the safety
driver in Austin and you're now
expanding into Allison, Houston. What
are the key safety metrics that you're
tracking that gives you confidence that
robo taxi is safe enough to expand? Is
it sort of miles per intervention, miles
per accident, per fatality? And and
where do you stand on that now?
&gt;&gt; Sure. Yeah, we track basically all the
metrics that you mentioned. We have a
pretty large QA fleet spread across all
of the United States and then we you
know look at any intervention that could
happen and then sort of simulate both in
practice and also in our simulators that
are very very good nowadays using neural
networks as what would have happened and
then based on all these analysis we in
the end make the call to expand and so
far all of the expansions have gone
according to our expectations.
Yeah, a lot of a lot of what limits
wider deployment of road taxi are
actually not safety issues but
convenience issues or or the car
basically gets paranoid and gets stuck.
Like sometimes it gets because it's it's
programmed for maximum safety. So the
problem is that then it sometimes just
gets scared to do things. So like some
get scared to cross railroads for
example or it'll get stuck at you know a
a light where there's the light the
light never changes from red or I mean
there was one kind of amusing situation
where a whole bunch of rover taxis got
stuck in the left turn lane in Austin
because I kid you not a Whimo had
crashed into a bus and so they could not
turn left because the Whimo had crashed
into the bus and so you had this like
long line of like I don't know a dozen
Tesla robo taxis that were waiting for
the bus to move, but the bus was never
going to move because the way crashed
into the bus.
So, so that obviously drives people
crazy if there's a whole bunch of robo
taxis blocking the whole road. So, it's
it's a ton of things like that. That's
the single biggest thing is is just the
car being scared to move or getting kind
of stuck in situations like that. We've
also had literal infinite loops where,
you know, the car might want to make a
turn into a road, but there's
construction and then it goes around the
block, tries to turn into the road with
construction, goes around the block,
tries to turn the road. And so you have
to stop the infinite looping, literal
infinite looping. So th those are
actually and that those are by far the
issues that we have to resolve as
opposed to direct safety issues.
Got it. Great. And then did you have a
followup last?
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Just last year I asked about you
know FSD and camera and the issues with
sunlare and you noted that there was a
breakthrough with direct photon counting
that addressed this issue. But a month
ago there was a Nitsa filing saying that
they haven't received an update when the
solution was deployed and the number of
vehicles. Is this did it require a
retrofit of the camera? Is this fully
deployed? I guess I was just curious
since the filing mentioned it.
Yeah, first I want to say we did, you
know, change the cameras some months ago
and those are out and the Nitsa flying
is referring to like older vehicles. We
always work directly with Nitsa on all
of the issues that they raise with us
and there there's they're asking for
quite a bit of information and you know
we're complying with that in as timely a
manner as possible and so we expect to
resolve that and any of the other
investigations in in short order.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Yeah. And we have also implemented
stricter measures for the the visibility
of the camera. So in recent software
builds if the camera is not able to see
things clearly because of you know
residue buildup or what have you then
the FSD won't be available for those
cars.
&gt;&gt; It just needs you have to clean the
inside of the windscreen.
&gt;&gt; Great. That unfortunately is all the
time we have today. We appreciate
everyone's questions and we look forward
to talking to you next quarter. Thank
you very much and goodbye.