Channel:     munrolive
Title:       The Most Important Joint on a Humanoid Robot?
URL:         https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9zojC7PmCdA
Published:   2026-07-08 18:00 UTC
Fetched:     2026-07-08 19:00 UTC

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Now, when you come down to an ankle, if
we think of our ankles or our wrist, we
think of these things as being very
small. They don't take up a whole lot of
space. So, how do we make an ankle that
doesn't have the actuator actually built
in here like we do there? Otherwise,
we're going to have a big swollen ankle.
So, the trick is they are using an
actuation strategy called RSU. That
stands for rotary spherical universal.
Explain exactly what that is. It's also
a similar strategy we see in the Optimus
robot, but in the Optimus they call it
an SPU, spherical prismatic universal
where prismatic basically means you're
using a linear actuator rather than a
rotary. So let's break this down. The
first thing we form the ankle joint with
this universal joint down there or
sometimes called a cardon joint. And it
has basically two pins that are
concentric that go through each other
that allow us to do the ankle pitching
this way and then also the roll that
way. And you notice we can get more
movement in the pitch than we do
actually in that roll. So this tie rod
goes up to here and it's connected to
one of these motors. So you'll see you
have a little lever arm here that when
you move on that will allow it to go
back and forth. But you'll notice
there's a second tie rod there as well.
And they both have to move at the same
time and they're each connected to a
different motor. So if you were normally
just articulating that way, everything
stays in a plane and all my joints can
be pins. The problem is when I do that,
I can't. And now you have to put in
what's known as a spherical or him joint
right in there for that connection. So
that's not a pin joint, that's actually
a little sphere. Probably from that
direction, you can see it a little bit
better. And not only do you need a
spherical uh joint right there, you need
a spherical joint up here [snorts] and
another one up there. So hence the
rotary spherical universal.