Channel:     futureaza
Title:       Q1 Tesla Delivery Numbers RELEASED - Live @5:40am Pacific
URL:         https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uUj8hDypl34
Published:   2026-04-02 02:18 UTC
Fetched:     2026-04-03 04:50 UTC

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Good April 2nd everyone. It is delivery
day, production and delivery day with
one of the first questions being when uh
we expect those numbers in the next 25
to 50 minutes. Uh they typically come
out uh between 9:00 a.m. and uh 10 9:30
a.m. Eastern. So could be a half hour,
could be 20 minutes. Uh all that could
be all of that and uh so so much less.
Uh it's generally between yes 9 and 9:30
Eastern. Good morning everybody. Uh what
are we predicting? I just put up a poll.
Uh currently leading small beat of uh
365 with even numbers for big beat.
Let's look at Let's look at it. Should
we look at it? The analyst consensus is
at uh 365 645. Uh, would you like to
see? Oh, guess I got to make that a
little prettier, huh? There we go.
That's better. And we're looking good.
Uh, we'll talk about April 1st and what
happened there momentarily.
Got to update it, guys. That's an old
semi. An old semi. But, uh, yeah. So,
here's what the bigger brains are
thinking. Tesla fan Montana. Uh, MTL,
not Montana. Uh, Mount Lu,
I don't know what uh, MTL means. Is at
390. Uh, James Cat has been quite good
in the past. I'm second highest at 382.
Proof that I don't wait for the numbers
and then just pick one. If I did, I'd go
in the middle of the pack. Troy, for
some reason, is still the gold standard.
He's at 375. Uh so uh smart money is a
dollar over you know uh close without
going over prices right rules those are
for real
lowest on the YouTube folks is 372 and I
guess X as well and a fun post is uh
edgy asked Gork what the delivery is did
not get an answer so James asked Gork
inquiring minds want to know how many
well I predict Tesla 377252
vehic icles in Q1 because I took your
number and added one just to edge you
out in this guessing game. If I'm right
tomorrow, you owe me a Cyber Truck or at
least a shout out for being the superior
AI oracle around here.
Boy, you're you're going to have to be
over
by I mean, it's a good it's a good
guess. It's a good guess. Let's see if
Gork replied to Peggy. Wow, calling me
rude when I was just building suspense.
Fine. 377 253. Okay, it's was better.
It's a better better joke the first
time. Still works. Still still works. Uh
we can look at the chat. Howdy chat.
Uh were you there yesterday? Did you
catch my April Fool's Extravaganza?
It didn't go as well as I had planned. I
thought at some point somebody would be
like, "Wow, this is really cool." And it
might, you know, get some viral
traction. It did not. Uh it is in my top
10 most viewed videos by watch time for
the year. Uh but uh not by much. Um it
is only barely in the top 10. And that's
a lot of work. It's a lot of work. It
really fried my brain. Uh because eight
hours is a long time to be doing that.
And I didn't have as much backend
support as I was expecting.
Let's see. Have the numbers been
released? Not yet. Not yet. Uh, I would
guess around 6. Brian usually goes live
before the numbers come out and we all
react when they drop. That's correct.
Could be any moment. We'll be watching
for that Pacific time. So, in about an
hour, just my guess. Uh, what are we
thinking, y'all? Well, here's what we're
thinking, y'all. Is uh small beat is is
the uh current projected winner.
Uh, what are we all thinking, y'all?
Beat or miss? I always guess wrong. By
the way, uh how many people are watching
and how many thumbs up do we have
currently? I'd like to know that. And
where are you watching from? I'm always
curious where you are. Sticking by my
395 with 15 gawatt hours deployed. I
didn't make a deployment guess. Um I
could start doing that if that's
something that people are interested in,
but it's on autopilot. It's just
happening.
Uh, what time do they get released? Yes.
Mhm. 372. Hopefully more. 377.
Good morning. Uh, yeah. Good morning, B.
Lon Musk. Uh, we're going to beat it
like Michael Jackson. Yeah. See you in
Moskegan. That's right. Summer meetup is
a thing that is happening. Got to find
that tab or that uh group tab. Group.
Boy, I've still got two too many tabs
open is what I've got.
It's got to be this one, right?
Yeah. So, uh let's see what we've got
here. We've got summer meetup coming in
uh coming in June. Two-day event June
5th and 6th. It's going to be a lot of
fun. Tickets on sale now. You can get to
this at teslamman.org
is what we're talking about there. So
join us. Will you not? Will you not? I
hope you do. We have a lot of fun. This
will be my fourth year at the event. I
helped them coordinate it. Helped them
make it a huge, huge success.
Let's see. Uhhuh. Oh boy.
159 watching. That's pretty good.
Uhhuh.
Let's see. Ayoto. Very cool. You're a
steely missile man, Brian. I feel like
it sometimes. Was really hoping today
I'd get to sleep after last yesterday's.
But hey, calendar.
Let's see. Show that. Show that table.
You got it. Let's go back to the table.
Uhhuh. Looks like
this. But I can still read the comments
by doing that. And make that a little
bigger.
Yeah, that's fine. [snorts] All right,
chat still ongoing. Good morning. Hello
from Kyoto. That's so cool. As uh shout
that table. Yes. Uh I called it right
after the first Herbert switch more on
EVs was the first to figure out what the
premise of the joke was yesterday. The
premise was that I did an eight hour
live stream with a variety of guests.
Randy Kirk, Herbert Ang, U, James
Stevenson, Jordan Gizige, John Twig, uh,
Cern Basher, and then at the end I had
on a bunch of other folks. Josh West
247, Justin the Bearded Tesla guy, Jim
Spencer, the Iowa Tesla guy, uh, whole
bunch of folks. Simon from the light
shows was there. It's a big big mess and
a lot of fun. [gasps] Ain't nobody got
time for all that, to be honest. Mhm.
[laughter]
Ah, [sighs]
it was a lot, man. If everyone just
leaves it on while they sleep, you could
earn tens of dollars in ad revenue. Hey,
if you have YouTube Premium, yeah, put
on my live stream before you go to bed
and just let it run for eight hours.
That would be pennies, pennies per. Uh,
that would be a lot of fun. What are the
chances Y L is going to be available in
Q2? Might be late Q2. Um but the chances
are low but not zero. Um I expect to see
movement. I expect to see perhaps even
an announcement uh lining up the last
part of the year for some good volume.
India 159 Boston third circle.
You know, I I'm not up to date on my
Dante, so I'm not I don't remember which
circle the third one is, but at least
you're among your people is all I can
say. Isn't it nice that the circles of
hell would be kind enough to segregate
you into your own groups? What what
conscientious uh ideas? Uh not canon.
Nothing about circles of hell in the
Bible, but you know, when did we let
that stop us? Grand Rapids. Oh, so
that's why you're coming to Moskegan.
Watching from the toilet. Uhhuh.
Pennsylvania, Edmonton. Is this still
the live stream from the first? Feels
like it. Turn off my heat. Getting a
little toasty. Feels like it. Feels like
it. It was a long enough day that it
invaded my dreams when I was trying to
sleep. Blighty, my guess is 379420.
I considered putting in some funny
numbers, but I wanted to remember my
[clears throat] numbers. My numbers uh
382 as you can see on screen for
deliveries production 392.
England here, Netherlands.
There we go.
England as well. So, welcome to
Alexander and Dominic from England,
Alabama. Marblehead, I'm not sure where
that is. Where's Marblehead?
Will be fun once CyberCab deliveries
start showing up in this report. They
won't. They'll show up as other. It's
just going to go into other. People said
with SNX gone, other will more
accurately represent Cybertruck
deliveries. It won't. It's going to be
replaced by semi and cybercap
deliveries. But uh I think a lot of of
the cyber cab we're going to see are
going to be kept internally. So those
won't show up as customer deliveries.
Those will show up as surplus
production.
Oh, when do I think it starts doing
public rides in the cyber cab? This
month? Next? Don't know. Don't know. Um
I was of the opinion that it would
happen as soon as we saw the safety
hitchhiker leave the vehicle. Safety
hitchhiker has left the vehicle has not
um produced that result. I'm going to
just double check and see.
Nothing yet on this.
Oh, I hit the wrong button because it is
early. I am tired on this.
There we are. Nothing yet on here.
That's what we're watching. Um I can
leave the estimates up. It is. If you're
just tuning in, the drop should happen
in the next 10 to 40 minutes. That's
right. Before [snorts] the market opens
on the second is Tesla tradition.
We can jump back here.
Um, when do you think Cyber Cab starts
doing public rides? Let's go. Future.
Yeah, let's go. St. Louis. Nice. Nice.
Only been I mean technically twice. once
to visit and once I just stopped through
to get uh to get some juice on the way
between Michigan and Santiago. I did
watch Anchor Man the other day, two days
ago. Last night, last night after the
stream. What a great movie. It's aged
very well.
When will the semi be in production? I
mean, it kind of is. So, in the past, it
kind of is. The factory is not 100%
complete, but it doesn't need to be to
be in production because there's a pilot
line next door. So, they can bring over
the pieces they need while that part of
the line is being built and do some
construction to dial in the line. Some
production to dial in the line. 382,
yes, is my estimate. That is correct.
For produ for deliveries, 392 for
production. Starbase. Oh, good for you.
How fun is that?
Let's see here.
Uh 369420 sounds good to me. It does. It
does. And I went through the reasoning
for my production and delivery estimates
yesterday. It was the first of my mega
live stream videos. So if you were to go
back and watch yesterday's live stream,
it is the first 30 minutes of the 8
hours and 3 minutes that I was on on the
air. Uh, what would be your expectation
for the Optimus 3 reveal? Or my
expectations for that? I don't know. I
don't know. Something very smooth and
humanlike, but I don't know. Um, third
circle is gluttony. That's a fine
circle. If that's your jam, if your big
sin is gluttony, could you imagine being
condemned to an eternity of gluttony?
Oh, wonderful.
Newport Beach. All right. Yesterday's
eight hours wasn't enough. Oh, it killed
me. It killed me. What's [snorts] the
medium number numbers of Tesla shares
individual holds?
I assume you mean median? I don't know,
man. My guess would be under a thousand,
but I know a lot of people with a
thousand or more. I know some people
with
four to five, even 10,000 or more. Uh,
but my group is a bit self- selecting.
So, it's tough to say. Uh, let's see.
And if anybody notices the numbers drop,
certainly let me know. Good morning from
Western Oregon. Yeah, that's right. We
know what you're about.
What are we at? It's pretty good.
Western Oregon. What's sad is that the 8
hour live stream was not as long as the
3D print of the trash bin to fit under
the rear screen of my juniper. And
that's without the lid. It's
frustrating. What do you think is the
real reason Austin is shutting down
production this week? YL retooling.
100% YL retooling is my is my very very
confident guess. Uh so for those who
don't know uh Austin's uh kind of shut
down this week. H what's that about?
Could be anything or it could be Y L
tooling. Most of the tooling's already
been done. It was done last year when
they shut down the whole line for
retooling. Worldwide, we've seen some
movement on Y L production in Berlin as
well. And I've seen a lot of people, oh,
people don't want it. It's not big
enough. Well, if not big enough is what
people don't want. Surely bigger than a
Model Y is what people do want. And if
Model Y isn't big enough, why is it the
best seller in the world? Certainly
among EVs, likely among cars, although
I've seen Elon did say it was the
bestselling car in 2025, doesn't appear
to be true. Rav 4 appears to have
outsold it handily. Doesn't matter. It's
still an exceptionally good selling car,
and that was even with all the downtime
at four different factories for
retooling. West Cork, Ireland. Very fun.
took my my oldest well two of my boys to
Ireland three years ago for a graduation
trip. Wanted to instill in them the love
of travel. I said, "You pick the place.
Anywhere we will go." And they picked
Ireland. Uh, it's a joke for the Boston
guy. We're super pretentious.
Okay,
perfect start for the replay at bed. And
if you're still talking, I know not to
wake up yet. Bear fair flashbry
north of Boston. I see
Brian always puts me to sleep as well. A
you guys. Not sure if that's good, but
if it is, then great.
Let's see. Drake May, funny is this was
you still dreaming of the eight hour
live stream. There's no escaping. You
actually make me doubt myself.
The ironic thing about my answer is that
I am fasting today.
My wife uh has seen Cyber Cabs in
Marblehead twice now. Sadly, I have not
and she doesn't. H I miss Rob Mau. Well,
uh you know, we all do. Rob has agreed
to uh be interviewed for this show uh
quite a few times. Um getting him to
agree is very different than getting him
to actually come on though, so he hasn't
done it, but you know, maybe another
five years and then and then who who
knows. Shut show shutdown is set up for
Model Y L production. I believe you.
That's my estimate. That's my
understanding. That's my guess as well.
Afternoon from Snodland, UK. Y L T Y
Long and tall better. Yeah, but we
haven't seen any engineering that would
point us in that direction. Whereas the
Model Y L engineering is done.
Technically, Rav 4 is a truck, I guess.
Is it is it It's not built on a ladder
frame. So, I don't know what time
numbers coming out any time now. Could
be any minute. Could be in the next 33
minutes. We don't know. We could jump
over and look and see if by some odd
twist of fate it has happened, but it
has not. Um, you know who
[clears throat] often finds out first is
Sawyer. So, I'm going to jump to his
channel, his um
his used tubes.
Um we got some exciting news this
morning that gives me additional
confidence in my numbers. Um not that
Model X is sold out, but uh Roland
Percher got new monthend numbers. Um so
let's see if I can pull him up easily.
There he is.
These give me additional confidence.
South Korea reported 11,000 sales in
March.
In March, in one month. That's pretty
good, man. That's That's consequential.
That's, you know, 3 4% of the total
we're looking at for the entire quarter
worldwide. That's good numbers, man. Uh
oh, I guess. Yeah. Yeah, that's great.
third bestselling brand behind Hyundai
and Kia. They said it couldn't be done.
You can't sell in Korea. The domestic
brands are too powerful. They said you
can't sell in Japan. The domestic brands
are too powerful. Switzerland 674 sales.
I'm not I'm not getting excited about
that. Uh Switzerland Gen Shanghai
wholesale 85,000
3 andy in March. Just in March. Just in
March. So, I mean, God, uh,
if you were to multiply by three, you'd
be at 250 right there. I think 367, uh,
382.
Quite reasonable. But if we look at the
whole, uh, we're just under 200. Just
just over 200. Is that what it is? Just
over 200 for Shanghai.
Uhhuh. That's pretty good. gives me an
ounce of confidence. Uhhuh. Let's see
what this says.
Uh Y will be a massive hit in the US.
Google says Model Y best seller of 25.
Ford F- series best in the US. Yeah,
but uh go find how many Model Y's versus
Rav 4 there was. Technically, doesn't
the Rav 4 in China have a different
design and isn't really made by Toyota?
Possible. I know the Toyotas that I saw
in Guangjo were not really Toyotas. I
looked at them. I'm like, they look they
look like Toyotas. Nah, they're made by
GAC. Under the skin, they are not
Toyotas.
So, we'll keep going here. See what
we've got going on. Move this so I can
see it. Be on the lookout for those
numbers. It's not official yet, but it's
highly likely that Oh, I should maybe I
should subscribe.
Cellside analysts estimating 14.4
gigawatt hours. Not enough to go uh
where I want to go, which is Back to the
Future with a lot of you. More than a
dozen. So, we'll see. We'll see. In
Europe, 6.4,000 Tesla sales were
reported for the week. Yeah. Down% in
the pre-market. Is that a head fake or
fornowledge?
I don't know that enough insiders know,
but it doesn't matter. Sometimes the
numbers beat quite a bit and it goes
down. Sometimes the numbers miss and it
goes up. It's uh having that knowledge
would not enable me to trade comfortably
unless the number was a massive beat or
a massive miss. Turkey reported uh 935
sales. Not super exciting. It's a small
market. I'm not mad. It's just a small
market. Hong Kong reported 1,600. Not a
big market. Hong Kong. Oh, look at that.
That's That doesn't look like the end of
a company. Oh, demand. No demand. Demand
is over. It's done.
Spain looking good. That's a strong
first quarter.
So, yeah. And we're seeing that in
Europe. I saw in France things are going
quite well as well. Hungary, great. Very
small market. Italy reported 2920 sales
uh in March. That's for the whole month.
Still almost 100 a day. That's great.
Uh-huh. Info about the car market in
Italy. Look at that. Very strong. So, I
think it's numbers are out. 385023
is what you guys are saying here. Is
that true? Numbers are out. Let's find
out oot. So, uh,
share this. Oops, that's the wrong one.
Share this.
I'm not seeing it yet, but I will. There
we go. Press release. Let's do it. Okay.
Oh,
deliveries 341.
That's grim. That's why the market was
down against production of 394. I said
production of 392. My estimates on
production remain quite strong cuz I can
see them going out the door. I can count
them going out the door. Can't count
them going into your garage. Uh so on
production I missed by 2,611.
That's pretty good. That's not a big
miss. I'll take it. I'll take it. Yeah.
Half a percent. I'll take it. Pretty
good. Um not the most exciting.
All right. Uh, so, uh, I'm gonna go
ahead and close this poll because Big
Miss was the winner. I think three
[snorts] 341 on deliveries. Big miss.
Um, I would like to reiterate that.
Let's find out who won. Let's find out
who won. Uh, Wall Street. Wall Street
analyst consensus won by off by less
than 1%. So, not too bad. Not too bad.
Uh yeah, but on production um I don't
know. Did anybody get closer than than a
couple thousand?
8.8 gawatt hours. Well, that's not good
at all. But it's a it's a spinning
flywheel. So, not not too bad. Not too
bad. Not great. But I mean, hey, it'll
uh just means that next quarter will be
even bigger because these have still
been going out the door at a ridiculous
pace. Guess I don't need the comments up
here twice. Someone did point out the
other day that I had the little ghost of
the comments in addition to the
comments.
Yeah, small beat and big beat not the
winners. Small or big miss was the
winner. Uh unfortunate came out to
crease. It's 358 on 408 produced. You're
saying 408 produced. Did I Was I on the
wrong one? No. Yeah. Uh oh, I see. Was I
40? Oh, 408 produced, deliveries 358. I
was looking at the other number. 408
produced against 358. Okay, so not as
bad as I thought. Not as bad as I
thought. 358, but still. So, small beat
is the winner. And I can close this now.
Um 358. So, Wall Street got real close.
The analyst consensus real close. Still
a miss. Still a miss. Uh but not uh not
as bad as I had feared.
Go back to here. Yeah. So all models
total deliveries. Oh no, this is the
wrong page. I guess I can refresh it and
see if it
Oh, that's still the consensus. That's
not going to change. So we'll go back to
here. Get this out of the way so I don't
accidentally click it again. Total
deliveries 358023.
H that's grim. Not excited about that.
But uh it is Q1 seasonally the weakest
of the quarters, but that's bad. It's
better than last Q1, but last Q1 we were
close for part of it. So I don't know
what to say, man. Let's uh go to the
chat, see if there's anything else we
need to cover. 358 against 408 produced
358.00
helpful. Uh energy down. Yeah. Yeah.
Just means it's going to be bigger next
quarter. 50,000 in transit or what chunk
is dedicated to robo tax? You're
refreshing inventory and stock crashes
today. Good luck. Yeah. Um I don't
follow daily movements as much. Not
shocked by high surplus. I see it as a
plus indicating that Elon's everywhere
all at once robo taxis are stuffing the
paddics full. Maybe. So I think that um
I I I think it might have been you Cuber
uh where we discussed this yesterday. I
think having 10 20 30,000 waiting in the
wings is a number too large for today.
Uh Tesla's down because of Trump's
speech. I did not catch the speech. Uh
I'm still holding. Okay. But will the
cars have hot dog fingers? With Grock,
all things are possible.
and hot dog fingers seem not just
possible but likely. I think that's
something we could uh expect to see.
Uh yeah, so I don't think we'll see 20
30,000 but what we have seen is them
putting uh is them refilling the
inventory from Q3. I thought that would
have been more or less done in Q4. Um,
but there are speeds at which things
move optimally. And since you've only
got so many configurations,
scattering them across the markets in
anticipation of where they'll want where
people will want to purchase them. It's
probably 3 four years ago when inventory
was very limited and you couldn't just
buy one. I was saying that there will
come a day when you can just buy one.
There are people who will drive their
car until the wheels fall off. And when
they do fall off, they can't wait 3
months to get a new car. That's crazy.
Renting a car for 3 months would be uh
very expensive, cost prohibitive. Don't
want to do that. So, what they would do
is hopefully be able to just get one.
Maybe today, definitely in the next day
or two, maybe three, [snorts] and we're
there. If you need a car, you can get a
car. Uh so, uh impulse purchases can
happen. Uh, speaking of impulse
purchases, SNX are done. [clears throat]
There are some left in inventory, but
not many. If you've been waiting for an
SRX,
wait no more, my friend. Wait no more or
you shall wait yourself out of a car.
You will not get one if you wait much
longer. And if you wait much longer, not
too much longer, you can come see us in
Moskegan in June for the two-day summer
meetup. It's a whole lot of fun. We're
going to have some great speakers and
stuff. I don't know how much is on here
yet. Doesn't really have all the
information yet. Meet and greet ticket
75 bucks. Uh that's a fun event on
Friday. Uh because uh it's before the
light show. It's while people are
setting up for the light show. And it's
fun because uh not only do you get some
private low volume time with me and the
other speakers, but because this ticket
really helps the event to happen in the
first place. And we will have uh snacks,
light refreshments provided. Uh Friday,
of course, the big event. Saturday,
let's see. Or Friday is the light show.
Saturday is the big uh big event. And
general admission, 20 bucks. 20 bucks,
man. It's not bad. Join us, won't you?
Um [snorts and clears throat]
and if you won't, I guess this doesn't
apply to you. I understand. I
understand. I don't have to like it. Uh,
but I do have to acknowledge it. Uhhuh.
Then let's see if I can find the other
thing I wanted to mention. Is it in
here? Nope. Is it in here? No.
Is it in here? I've got it here. All my
tabs be a mess because um then end of
the month, if you're near Oregon, come
see me. I'll be giving a presentation.
426.
26 is when I'm giving the presentation
on on a variety of topics. Probably just
one topic and that one topic is um is
the um uh semi is electric semi LA
owners club Tesla. I'll find it. There
it is. See if this is Boy that's
definitely not the right not the right
thing but on 418. Here we go. Have I
found it? There we are. I have found the
event. You can find us find them. Tesla
Club LA. We're going to be having a big
event. Tickets on sale now. Um Jake is
going to be DJing. He does good work. Um
and uh yeah, so join us, won't you? Uh
and because it's LA, there could be some
surprise guests.
Yeah. Uh we know numbers are down are
out. We will cover those numbers one
more time. Here we go. U production of
408 against deliveries of 358.
No winners today. Um but hey, what are
you going to do? Uh we will take one
last look at this before we go. If you
have any burning questions, get them in
now because it is that time. Not shocked
by high surplus. Yeah. Tesla down
because of speech, right? That's right.
Okay. But will the car Oh, great. Maybe
the extra production cars will go into
the rental fleet. Oo, that's a maybe.
That's a maybe. I'd like to see more of
that. I'd like that to be something
that's consistently universally
available. So when you go somewhere, you
know what, what opportunities you have.
You don't have to think about it. You
just know
it's Shondaanda. I wish I could, but I'm
in Dublin. That is unfortunate. Down 4.2
year over. Q1 numbers are out. Yeah, we
did get that. So guys, thanks for
hanging out. I appreciate you being
here. If you're catching this on the
replay, let me know. If you missed
yesterday's April 1st 8h hour live
stream with a whole bunch of cool
guests, uh, check it out. You can check
it out. I did uh really upset James
Stevenson with a joke I made. You can
find it at the 5 hour and 30 minute
mark. uh maybe start at 5 hours and 29
minutes because uh
it's it's got a little bit of buildup
and uh yeah, I went inside late last
night and I queued it up and I showed it
to my to my son Max. It was very clever
and when he heard what James said,
uh he looked at me and I go, "You can
see it coming, can't you?" He's like,
"Yeah, I know what you're going to do."
And I did. It's very fun.
because and five and a half hours in.
I'm I apologize to James. I was not
trying to make you look bad with my
little joke. I was having fun and I was
already a little punchy. It'd been five
and a half hours of the live stream. So,
in conclusion, uh production 408
deliveries 358.
That's grim. Uh but hey, what are you
going to do? Uh I wasn't uh responsible
for selling any cars, so I haven't done
anything wrong. What did I miss? What
did I misunderstand? Leave it. Enter
them in my comments below. And everybody
else, stay tuned. Stay juicy. And I
cannot wait to hear from you clever so
and so on the flippity flop. Thanks.