Channel:     brighterwithherbert
Title:       Tesla Robotaxi Just Got Several Major Boosts
URL:         https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7Duir_AWbbQ
Published:   2026-06-10 13:30 UTC
Fetched:     2026-06-10 14:00 UTC

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Tesla investors are starting to sense
something big is about to happen with
Robo Taxi and maybe even right after
SpaceX goes public this Friday.
Yesterday, Tesla announced that FSE
supervised was officially approved in
Denmark. This is the fourth European
country to approve FSD and this is even
before Belgium which has said they're
coming soon. This comes after new data
was shared by Tesla that shows the
current results of the safety of FSD in
the Netherlands. In the last two months,
FSE supervised has been over three times
safer than manual driving and 3.5 times
fewer collisions. This is the safety
data we've been waiting for. Second, as
of yesterday, there are now 59 robo taxi
vehicles officially registered by the
DMV of Texas with eight added in just
the last day. Plus, it appears the robo
taxi expansion into Arizona looks like
it will be a lot bigger than people
realize. A Tesla robo taxi first
responder interaction plan appendix. It
lists the operating areas for level four
autonomy and includes nine cities, not
just the big ones many of us thought.
Third, we now know that a Whimo Ipace
has a battery efficiency of 562 watt
hour per mile. That's equivalent to 60 m
per gallon. A cyber cab on the other
hand has 165 W per mile. That is equal
to 204 m per gallon. So cyber cabs are
3.4 times more efficient than a Whimo.
Put another way, for each cyber cab on
the road, that's like having three
Whimos. Finally, a new report says Whimo
has purchased Apple's 5,500 acre
self-driving car proving ground in
Arizona for $220 million. This is the
area Apple was using to test their
vehicles that they ultimately cancelled.
We got Joe Bacti here with us today.
He's an economist, investor, and tech
entrepreneur. He has a YouTube channel
covering both Tesla and AGI. Check out
his website and community at
pioneerlands.org.
Welcome, Joe.
&gt;&gt; Good to be back.
&gt;&gt; Let's go. This is uh finally some news
coming about robo taxi and FSE. Still
drips drips. Uh we want some big ones. I
think you have a theory when we're going
to hear some really big moves by Tesla
robo taxi. Um Elon announced that FSE is
approved in Denmark and uh Tesla Europe
also showed that it was approved in
Denmark. Rollout will begin soon. This
is the fourth European country in
Denmark and uh apparently Belgium is
going to be following very very soon.
They thought that they were going to be
second and now they're fourth or maybe
fifth actually. Uh what's your thoughts
on this?
&gt;&gt; Yeah, I kind of predicted that that this
is how Europe is going to go. Uh I think
that's the strength of Europe is that
there's still competitive
a competitiveness between the countries.
So it was pretty clear because some
people said oh they will resist this and
it's not going to happen and I said this
is a domino effect right so once you
have one the others need to follow and
whoever of course the bigger ones will
take longer uh so you see exactly what I
predicted you have the small ones and
then they follow each other and then the
dominoes fall and the more do it the
less the ones that don't do it can you
know stay on the sidelines.
Okay. So, we are still waiting for the
actual vote uh for by the members of the
EU EU members. I think there's 29
country 28 countries that are part of
that. That can happen in end of the
summer. Could be later, but in the
meantime, we've got these uh individuals
that are just signing up regardless.
Yeah. And that comes because there's now
new data from the Netherlands. As you
know, the Netherlands was the first to
explain this and um or to to approve it.
And now we've got data. So Tesla Europe
uh announced this, posted this and said
that in the last two months, FSE
supervised has been over three times
safer than manual driving on Dutch
roads. So they've got proof now that
this is real. 3.5 times safer. This is
FSE supervised, by the way. So it's not
it's not robo taxi yet. It's just
supervised. We already know that it's
much safer. But this is just yet another
data point. Um, fewer collisions, 3.5
times fewer collisions, three times
safer. It's 14.9 times fewer automatic
emergency braking, 8.8 times less harsh
acceleration, 7.3 times less harsh
braking, eight times fewer hard swerves.
These are the kinds of things that you
can measure, and I'm sure they know that
these are the things that actually
contribute to collisions and then to
death. And I think I think you've said
before, right, Joe, that in Europe it's
a lot it's safer than in the US because
of smaller roads, slower driving than
highways, right? But uh in general, this
is still very good news.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, I mean I think it's pretty clear
um that FSD is a winner and it's pretty
clear that the European countries are
now competing for understanding this
first. It's clear that the typ the usual
suspects suspects will lack, you know,
UK, France, Germany. Um, but the small
ones will push it because they're smart.
And you see the smartest countries have
already done it. Denmark, Netherlands,
Estonia, these are the real players in
Europe that are a little smarter than
the others. So yeah, I'm not too
surprised by any of this. uh and it is
just a validation of the thesis that you
know if a new technology comes along
there is a competition you can't just be
stupid as a government the longer you're
stupid the more you fall behind the
dumber you look and so you know the
European Union decision
I mean this is very political as you can
imagine so I wouldn't bet too much on it
what they are going to do who knows what
the EU is going to do
&gt;&gt; but the countries are allowed to just
approve it so even if the EU says says
no or we don't we're not convinced or
whatever uh the countries can just
continue that whole path we are seeing.
So that's why I always said more
important that the countries do it. Of
course if the EU just approves it that
would be a quick big win.
&gt;&gt; Okay.
&gt;&gt; But I would FC that's full self drive.
Let's talk robo taxi. Uh there's new
information. I want you to share your
theory of what you're expecting with
Tesla robo taxi roll out. It's a lot
slower than people are than we all
expected. It's June um middle June now
and we this was launched last year. I
was there in Austin the very first robo
taxi ride June 22nd. I remember that
clearly I did a I don't know an 8h hour
live stream or something like that. Um,
and uh, we thought by now, a whole year
later, robo taxi would be everywhere,
but it's still just in Austin, Dallas,
and uh, Houston. Very small numbers. But
now we know that uh, there's 59
registered vehicles by the DMV. You can
go to their website and see this
actually registered as Tesla robo taxi
autonomous level 4. And there's eight
that was added just like in one day.
Thank you Spencer for keeping track of
all this. And and then this was new data
that he found also in Arizona, older
data in April. But if you look at this
robo taxi first responder interaction
plan, this appendex lists the potential
Arizona operating areas for SAPE level 4
autonomy and look at all these cities.
It's like not just the big ones, not
just Phoenix, not just uh Tempe,
Arizona, which is the ones we thought it
was going to be. It's it's it's a bigger
area. the expansion is going to be much
in into Arizona will be a lot bigger
than people realize. Uh this is the you
know April date here you can see the
appendix you can see the list of areas
that they plan to include. So what is
your theory Joe? Uh my mine is simply
that they were waiting for the uh the
SpaceX IPO and then possibly that there
will be an announcement of a SpaceX
Tesla acquisition. Alexander thinks it's
going to be late July maybe at the
latest mid August. And if that happens,
I think that's when they're going to go
fullon robo taxi. You can see the
preparation ahead of time, but I think
you have a little bit more nuance theory
on this.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, I mean this is a very complicated
question. We had the live stream with
Alexandra like the merger strategy, but
the robo taxi thing, um,
you know, I don't totally buy that robo
taxi rollout is linked to the merger
&gt;&gt; because it would be highly illegal. And
so how do you coordinate something like
that if you are extremely not allowed to
coordinate it right? So I mean how does
so I don't think they are taking that
level of risk because it's like totally
illegal right to delay something because
of a merger. I mean that's like
extremely bad. So I don't think Elon
would operate like this even if he
wanted to because the risk is
inappropriate. And so I think they're
just doing their thing throughout taxi
and you know because you're not allowed
to time these things that's like total
stock manipulation and you know I mean
this is like a total hell hole if you do
that. So I think it's more uh they're
working on it. I think the main forcing
function the more the the main function
that informs us what's going to what's
happening is really cyber cap
manufacturing. I always said that that's
for me the most reliable function.
Everything else is a little unclear. All
the hiring, recruiting is nice to see.
That's points in the right direction,
but it's hard to time. Does that mean
now or next month or month after six
months, but the cyber cap manufacturing
scaling that we know is happening, has
to happen, and is happening that puts
some kind of pressure on getting
something done because you know my
theory, it's you can't have thousands of
cyber caps out there and not do anything
with them. That would be dumb. That
would be bad timing. So the fact that
they are getting into thousands
I think is a confidence booster for me
that something has to happen very soon.
the pressure is building very
exponentially and I don't know if the
World Cup if that's a good theory right
the world cup launch in Texas in Dallas
and everywhere uh this weekend so it's
you know when you overlay these curves
you see the scaling you see the world
cup you see all these preparations you
see the cyber caps in Dallas the 40 or
whatever on this parking lot what is the
plan and they have the the wheel caps on
also an indication like why would you
put the wheel caps on they didn't do
this before if it's not for real
operations, right? If it's just for
testing, who cares about the wheel caps?
So, it seems like they're getting more
serious. And so, I think we have a
reasonable chance of something happening
in June after the IPO.
&gt;&gt; Okay. So, you it's not timing, but you
still think it's sometime in June. Like,
this is June. This is it.
&gt;&gt; I mean, that's why it's so insane.
Today, we have another market sell off
and um I mean, it's just insane, right?
It's it's very I think it's more likely
than not that we see 49500 in June and
the fact that we are selling off in the
wrong direction right now is just
completely nuts. But that's that makes
trading the stock so interesting and
difficult. So you were talking about
Cyber Cab. So I I'm going to show some
photos here. This was spotted by SE
Robinson flying some drones over Houston
the Houston fleet lot. And uh beautiful
shot. Look at that gorgeous shot. So
this is a lot in Houston and these look
like that they are all uh cyber caps
sorry robo taxis model wise and then the
cyber caps themselves. So there's a few
of them right there. You can see that.
So they're just sitting there. Yeah. I
mean I still think that they I still
stand by that they're being tested.
&gt;&gt; You can see this rigs like this. They're
still being tested to test FSD. Um, we
just uh here in Washington state, I've
got a number of friends who've now been
posting that they've been finding all of
these cyber cabs all over Seattle,
Belleview, uh different uh areas. And
initially when you list it list to the
look at the list that they said
Belleview was one of the places and the
people that they're hiring was Belleview
uh which is a a suburb across from
Seattle across the lake from Seattle and
but you'll see that it's being tested
everywhere. It's it's being tested all
over the place. So my theory is that
these cyber caps are being tested in
many many states again just to validate
FSD works right the software works
&gt;&gt; the question is like yeah how long is
the testing that is the question
&gt;&gt; my guess was always 3 months minimum 3
months and so we're probably still and I
was kind of I'm so far correct because
remember like a month ago everybody said
oh it's imminent imminent imminent well
here we are in June how come I think
it's not going to be another month or so
we'll see there might be one or two that
they're going to say Hey, we got the
first one out there, but the actual real
roll out won't happen for another two
months or so, maybe a month now, but or
maybe two months from now.
&gt;&gt; I mean, all we need in my opinion is
like
two dozen or something and the stock
would do very well. So, that's my
theory.
&gt;&gt; So, the question is, I'm not talking
about the real roll out. I think that
will take more time but you know the
first 24 36 50 maybe that would already
be a huge catalyst in my opinion and
that
&gt;&gt; I don't know it's totally speculative of
course if this happens in June or not
I just you know when you look at the
preparations all the details I don't
know I think it's it's more likely than
not that we see something happening in
June and with something I don't mean
hundreds I mean something the for a
cyber cap.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, I I I I get what you're saying
about you can't time this. It's going to
be it's highly illegal. Stock
manipulation, all those things. I get
that. But step back and think, imagine
if they rolled out a cyber cap, got into
a major accident prior to the SpaceX
IPO. Wouldn't look good. Would not look
good. Would impact the SpaceX IPO. So
I'm sure they they just said abundance
of caution in both safely but also
impact to the IPO.
&gt;&gt; Sure. I
that that is something I agree with but
strategically delaying the whole roll
out because of the merger. I think
that's a little much.
&gt;&gt; That's not the reason for it. Okay. I
still think it's FSD preparation. That's
the main reason. You want three months
uh under your belt at the minimum. and
they started in you know whatever
February, March or April, right? That's
the first day. So May, June, July,
August, you know.
&gt;&gt; Okay. Yeah.
&gt;&gt; Uh some data. So some people are going,
you know, hey, how many when do you
think that Tesla will have robo taxis
out there that's at least equal to
Whimo? And we now know there's 3,700
Whimos in the US and they've had, you
know, decade of le head start here. Um,
but it's actually when you when you look
at the data, you don't need 3,700 to
equal Whimo because a cyberc cab is a
third is three times more efficient than
a Whimo Ipace. So if you look at the
Tesla cybercab is 3.4 times more
efficient than a Whimo Ipace. Cybercab
was built from ground up as a robo taxi.
The Whimo is a retrofitted platform with
a sensor suite that adds excess weight,
drag, and constant compute sensor power
draw. And uh the data we now know that's
been confirmed is that the cyber cab is
165 watt hour per mile whereas the Whimo
Ipace the old ones is a 562 watt hour
per mile. And so this would be
equivalent to 204 miles per gallon this
would be equivalent to 60 m per gallon.
So three times. So you know just could
could you do that? Could you say, "Hey,
if my car can drive three times as long
as your car before I need to be charged,
theoretically you need three times more
cars than I do to cover the the same
coverage that we have." Maybe not.
&gt;&gt; Do you think that matters because they
can they can turn out, you know, 3,000
cyber caps in a month. So, I don't even
think that matters. What matters is when
they are ready.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, it matters for cost for sure. But
I think that uh I just want to point out
that if people reading Whimo, but
&gt;&gt; uh the question when they overtake Whimo
in terms of cyber caps I I think I mean
you saw probably Kathy Woods
&gt;&gt; doing the test drive and she said like
you know very slowly and then all at
once and she said all at once might be a
little closer than people think. So who
knows? I I know it's like this
psychological game that everyone is
super annoyed after 10 years of waiting
now another year of waiting. Everyone
says it's never going to happen. But
it's like stocks, right? And when you
give up next second it happens. So lots
of people giving up I think.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Yeah. Yeah.
&gt;&gt; In terms of your catalyst though did you
always say that it needs that getting
past Whimo numbers is a catalyst like
people psychologically will look at that
or not at all?
&gt;&gt; I think no one cares because Whimo is
3,000. If you get to 3,000 is already
game over in my opinion because then
you're in a
&gt;&gt; Yeah, that's what I'm saying to you.
Does that that number matter? Saying,
"Hey, we have more cyber cabs on or
robot taxi on the road than
&gt;&gt; I don't buy it. I think the number that
matters is two thou one to 2,000 matters
and a dozen matter. I I think dozens
matter first. That's a soft catalyst. If
that happens, we go up 10% probably 40
60 whatever to alltime highs. Then it
will flatten out and wait. If we
especially if we get delayed again, it's
like okay fine we going down. My theory
is the following. You launch 24 cyber
caps. Stock goes up 10 15% to 490 and
then they probably stop scaling again
because it's Tesla and then everyone's
oh god it's over and then the stock
drops again and then at some point
they're going to get to 100. That's the
next catalyst. And then people get get
nervous. Maybe it drops a little less
after that. And then we are into scaling
and then probably they will start really
scaling this thing and then we hit a
thousand and I think then the repricing
starts.
It's not going to wait until 3,000. That
makes like no sense. So once there's
like 100 200 300 then they're getting
all nervous repricing blah blah blah.
Some skeptics like oh but maybe the
market is limited and then they go
beyond a thousand I think between 1,000
and 2,000 we see the actual repricing.
That's my theory. uh doesn't matter
&gt;&gt; unless they scale like of course if they
scale a 100 and then go to 200 end of
this year and then to 500 end of next
year of course then nothing happens but
if that happens very quickly
&gt;&gt; month over month I think then you are
totally into repricing territory and not
at 3,000 that's like to why like you
know once it's clear okay this is
happening I think it it's going to move
very quickly
&gt;&gt; is it just your numbers or does it
matter you know which cities geography
pricing of the robo taxi service. I
don't think so because when you look at
everyone understands at this point the
theory and the framework thanks to
Herbert's channel thanks to everyone
else tech Joe Tech what I'm doing my
channel like everyone knows okay this is
the whole framework is there the only
remaining questions is this all a hoax
or not once people see this is probably
not a hoax the rest is already in place
and so the only remaining thing as I
said for a long time but Now even more
is the question does this work or not?
And most people think well it might work
in the future but not now.
And that's where why this uh stock is
where it is. At the moment where people
realize the time is now. Now is the
point where this stuff judges itself
commercially.
Then they will see well how many can
they produce? Hundreds of thousands a
year. Okay. It's just game over. So I
think it's really it's it's very
dramatic and it keeps being dramatic and
the dramatic question mark is does it
work? And of course you believe it
works, Kathy believes it works but
everyone else is just sitting outside.
It's like whoa probably doesn't work.
&gt;&gt; It must not work. And that's because
that's why they haven't uh you know
rolled this out and it's been over a
year since June 22nd. It must
&gt;&gt; I think it's very it's a very
fundamentally important thing different
from SpaceX where no one questions if
Starink works. So it's gets fully priced
in two trillion boom no problem because
it just works. You launch more and more
whereas Cyber Cap and Robotex is still
the question there's a huge share in the
market that thinks it just doesn't work
right now. I might believe it could work
in the future but clearly it doesn't
work right now. So once you flip that
switch and they see okay it looks like
it actually works right now that's where
everything changes and with it works it
means these things drive themsel and
transport customers
&gt;&gt; right and and then so I can see your
answer then when somebody says yeah but
Whimo works already they've got 3,700
out there driving every day in 10 in
five cities that are expanding to 10
cities I don't know how many now but
you're saying well yes But they don't
know, they don't see how they can scale
as fast as Tesla. Whereas Tesla, they
can go, okay, they got a thousand there,
it works. And oh, by the way, every
single car they make can be put into the
system. That's a difference.
&gt;&gt; I I think with Whimo, I never took these
people seriously. And I think everyone
else is going to view it the same way.
Uh because either you're a skeptic of
Tesla or you're not a skeptic, but it
doesn't matter. Once Tesla gets these
things out and they have a 100 in one
month in August or whatever and then
they have 200 and then they have 400 and
then they have 800, you don't need to be
Einstein to take a ruler and extend the
trajectory. It's like, well, it doesn't
matter. Whimo has 3,000. What's their
scaling speed?
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; Zero.
&gt;&gt; That's and so it's just very simp. You
have a curve and here's a curve and it's
game over. And so I don't think Whimo
is,
you know, this is too easy for every
analyst. You just have two curves. You
extend Whimo's curve in 2,100. They have
like 5,000.
&gt;&gt; I don't know. I think you're being too
generous, Joe. We already know several
analysts who has said and repeated many
times,
&gt;&gt; uh, this is a commodity. Uh, Tesla
proves it, great. But all other car
companies can get it out in six months.
It's just
&gt;&gt; But this is all specul. I think this is
will go out of the window because it's
total speculative stupid talk
&gt;&gt; h because no nothing happens on any
front at the moment where Tesla actually
scales it's game over because then they
look stupid it's like well nothing is h
what are you talking about nothing is
happening but
&gt;&gt; just comment that they don't believe
themselves okay um so this is an odd
move by who I don't know why they did
this you tell me who bought Apple's
self-driving car proving ground for $220
million So, if you remember, Apple had
this program that they spent 10 years,
$10 billion because they really wanted
to get into the self-driving car project
uh business as well. Then they abandoned
it. Well, they had owned a 5,500 acre
self-driving car proving ground for 200
or for in Arizona of which just bought.
It includes a 115 acre city course,
35 acre vehicle dynamics area, a four
mile oval track, and a freeway course
for AV testing. So, this is like a place
to test an AV in your own private
grounds. Like, why do you need that
Whimo? You're apparently got 10 cities,
you've got 3,000 cars, you've got all
that data already. Why do you need to do
this? I don't understand. Uh, the
purchase rounds out Whimo's already
robust network of closed test courses.
The Alphabet owned company still uses
the castle proving ground in California
as well as a transportation resource
center in Ohio. Both of these are
dwarfed by the Arizona location. So, I
don't know, man. So, yeah.
I mean, uh, you know, my theory about
Whimo, my my theory about Whimo is they
just don't have a technology. I think
it's fake news. That's what I think. I
think they have to remote control these
cars
and they can't really test them in the
real world. I mean that's the big
difference to Tesla. Tesla does not
remote control the cars because you have
millions of people who have FSD in their
Teslas. You cannot remote control them
and they have used FSD all over the
place. That's why I'm saying I always
said the technology advantage of FSD
over Whimo might be vastly greater than
anyone thinks because Tesla has proven
that this stuff kind of works not maybe
not perfectly but it works in reality
because you can't fake this whereas way
more absolutely can fake it with 3,000
vehicles. I mean you you hire three thou
not even 3,000 you hire 300 people in
the Philippines
&gt;&gt; and you can remote control them all.
It's ridiculous. So
&gt;&gt; not remote control but you know whenever
there's an issue they're carefully
following it every
&gt;&gt; while you can live life monitor all
3,000 without a problem by humans which
is fake. So I think the fact that they
are buying these proven grounds is
another indication that I might be right
because you know what I think it is
self-driving unsupervised self-driving
you can't do that in a real city and
they can do it in their proving grounds
and just remove all the oversight and
put them all in there and let them drive
and see who crashes. So I think I I can
just reemphasize this. If you look at
the Whimo team, how they approach
things, if you look at Tesla, the odds
that Whimo simply doesn't have full
self-driving are high.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, I think I think uh remember you
and I have been saying for quite a while
that your theory has been that Whimo has
used LiDAR and they did that because
they started a decade ago and that was
the only tool and now that they've
invested heavily in it, they you can't
just pull it away and that's why they're
still stuck with it. But they know it
doesn't work and they know it doesn't
scale. Then your theory was we're going
to go and expand to 10 cities. We're
going to get the reg regulation. We're
going to get it going despite that it's
completely live monitoring and remote
workers and costing us billions of
dollars. They lose a $100 per ride right
now. Every ride loses them $100. That's
okay. At least we're there. But then
they're going to switch out the cars and
they will have eventually their own
neural net vision only solution.
&gt;&gt; And now let's say let's say you're doing
a vision only neural net solution.
&gt;&gt; What do you do if you're whimo? You need
a proven ground and let's say you throw
300 cars out there to test it out and
capture data because what did Tesla do?
They put it into their normal cars and
let you and I, you know, me drive this
thing around and then testing FSE for
them FSE supervised. They don't have
that ability and so they need to have
their own proven grounds to be able to
do this. They're testing in their neural
net vision only solution. It could be
one solution, one answer for why they're
doing this.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Uh it's just an indication that
they don't have solved they didn't solve
the problem yet.
&gt;&gt; I mean we don't know if Tesla has this.
They might have a tiny little racetrack
but they don't have like acres of a fake
city.
&gt;&gt; We don't know that they're doing that
&gt;&gt; because they've got global the real
city. The the thing is that Tesla has
proven beyond a reasonable doubt that
they have something that is real because
you can't have FSD in millions of cars
and monitor it. It's that simple. They
can't fake it. Whereas
&gt;&gt; have live monitoring of my car when I
decide to go to the restaurant tomorrow
tonight. If I go to the restaurant,
there's somebody there going, "Oh,
there's Herbert." Herbert,
&gt;&gt; that's not gonna happen.
&gt;&gt; I'm telling you, Joe. I'm telling you, I
keep telling you every time we watch
this. I am
&gt;&gt; Well, but my problem, Herbert, like my
problem always was I don't doubt that
there is no competition. I always was
was very clear on that. My question is,
does it when does it sufficiently work?
That was always my scary question. Hard
to tell, but I mean there's lots of
witnesses who say like you and many
others, well, it works with me nearly
always. So then it gets to
&gt;&gt; 100% never have not had an issue. No
critical disengagements. I do a lot of
disengagements for parking and my garage
and know so forth and and uh I think
they just want to be perfect.
&gt;&gt; But you know in general I'm very
comfortable with it driving me anywhere
in the in my states that I go to. So I'm
again it's just a one person. So who
knows if that's not yet there's
incidents people are having incidents.
Okay. So that's what we're we don't know
yet because we're talking the law of
large numbers now and you got to be
perfect. So we're not there yet, but
once it is, it can be done almost any.
&gt;&gt; I think there's also another problem by
the way. Uh I don't know who said this.
Someone smart said it on X that if you
put your commercial hat on,
there's a whole different problem that
people underestimate. You need a
critical mass of cars if you want to
have a business. right per city you
can't just if you have real uh ride
share you cannot have a 100 cars in
Austin in my opinion
&gt;&gt; or you'll lose money yes
&gt;&gt; or you lose money or you have
unsatisfied customers who say why do I
have to wait 15 minutes so there is uh
network effects and all kinds of stuff
so you need out of the gate a critical
mass and so
&gt;&gt; very good point
&gt;&gt; otherwise you just lose money left and
right and they have very unhappy
customers and Uber uh way more solve the
problem with Uber so they just weave
Yeah, weave it into the network. That's
why they don't care if they have just
two cars. But Tesla can't really do that
if they get serious about actual
commercial use. Not just Herbert and
Joe, the fans, but like normal people.
&gt;&gt; So, and that's a hurdle, right? So, but
this is just to the point of Kathy
saying all at once,
they might have to do it all at once if
they want to be commercial.
&gt;&gt; Makes sense actually. Makes a lot of
sense.
&gt;&gt; Which is like an interesting point,
right? Maybe they also waiting for that
point which is a much higher hurdle and
that would be of course deadly if you're
shorted the stock because if they
actually have to do it like oh we can
only do we can only go from uh uh 20
unsupervised to 2,000 in one day that
would be interesting like
&gt;&gt; yeah I think they need minimum 300 to
500 per city um otherwise look right now
you're pissing a lot of people off in
Austin lots of them 20 minute wait times
you know sometimes you don't get it all
that um it's down a lot. They pull cars
off, but then why are they creating
these lots and filling them up with many
cars and then they keep pumping out the
cyber cabs because yeah, they're they're
going to get enough per city, let's say
300, 500 per city and then when you roll
it out, you don't want to piss like so
you don't want to expand beyond Dallas
and Houston. They just did Dallas and
Houston just to show they're making
moves. You don't want to keep rolling it
out if you're only having handfuls of
cars. So, you're right. I think that's a
very good point. Yeah. All right. Okay.
Thank you so much.
&gt;&gt; Also, you see you see like a lot of
these cars, not just Cyber Cast, but
when you look at these lots, these are
like a 100 cars or something or more,
&gt;&gt; right? Yeah, that's what I mean. They're
they're building them up. They're going
to so that they're ready when they're
launched this real service.
Thank you, Joe. Always very insightful.
Appreciate you. Check out his website at
pionerlands.org.
Thank you, everybody.
&gt;&gt; Thank you. I've created a website that
is the most comprehensive resource for
the Tesla investor. Please check it out.
Simply go to my website at herbond.com.