Channel:     brighterwithherbert
Title:       Tesla Rolls Out Unsupervised Robotaxis
URL:         https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YKZyy79MoQc
Published:   2026-06-03 18:33 UTC
Fetched:     2026-06-03 19:00 UTC

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

While Tesla retail investors seem to be
in a wait andsee mode, new data show
institutions are massively buying both
Tesla stock and soon SpaceX. One good
sign for Robo Taxi just happened. Tesla
seems to have just drastically increased
its unsupervised robo taxi operating
area in Austin now working in the whole
geoence. This is a sign their confidence
is ramping. For those investors who are
concerned we need to wait until FSE
version 15 later this year for robo taxi
to ramp. ArchInvest Tashakini says
otherwise. She believes the current
Tesla cars with AI4 computers is the
platform that will deliver robo taxi.
She says with cybercap production
already ramping and safety data solid,
it's full speed ahead this year. While
retail investors wait, institutional
owners keep buying. There are now nearly
4,300 institutional owners and
shareholders. Institutions now hold
47.8% of Tesla stock and retail is now
down to just 31.9%.
So, what might we expect when SpaceX
goes public next week? We now know the
stock price is set at $135 to raise 75
billion at a $1.75 trillion valuation.
When asked, "How do you justify a
valuation that is over 50 times
revenue?" Elon Musk replied simply
saying, "You shall see." We got Brian
White here with us today. He's one of
our only true Tesla journalists. Check
out his YouTube channel, Futurza, for
exclusive on the ground factory tours
and interviews. And if you go to his
channel, you shall see. Thanks, Brian.
How you doing?
&gt;&gt; Doing great. uh you know a lot to cover
today. I'm excited to get into it.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Well, first big news what we're
talking about is you know retail
investors seem to be in wait and hold
but institutions are buying left right
and center the highest month of growth
recently. Meanwhile, we've got you know
little breadcrumbs or little moves uh
along the way. Here's one. Jesse
Richards went and discovered that
there's a new expansion for unsupervised
robo taxi in Austin. So if you see this
is the whole geoence of Austin right now
you can uh hail rides but for the
unsupervised version of it I think 20
plus cars have been slated for that. Um
it was only in this small white area
here the gray area. Now he at first he
goes oh it's been expanded because you
can now actually set a destination of
where you want to go. And then he came
back and says actually never mind it
wasn't just that little bit. It's the
entire geoence now as of 10 a.m. today.
Unsupervised Robbo taxi is working in
the whole geoence in one currently
heading to the north part of the map.
And then Dylan Numis asked, "How did you
determine this?" And he said, "I I get
an unsupervised robo taxi on the app and
change the drop off location a bunch of
times, see how far it goes. It says
route unavailable on locations can't go
yet." So now it's the entire map as far
as his testings show. What do you think,
Brad? First of all, I think Jesse's
methodology is fantastic. That is a
great way to do it and uh show some
ingenuity. Hey, uh I don't know,
Herbert. I'm very confused. I keep
seeing these articles from the fudsters
assuring me root taxi is dead, that the
rollout has stopped, that if anything,
they're contracting because one guy
pulled up an app on one day and saw a
number that he didn't like. So he
quickly screenshotted it and published
it as if it was that one data point
showed a trend. I think what we're
seeing is what we expected, a continued
roll out, a continued refinement and
improvement and it having been done so
in an extremely cautious and prudent and
measured way so that there are no big
surprises.
Whimo gets a free pass. Zuks gets a free
pass. When Whimo and Zuks meet at an
intersection and have a standoff and
neither one refuse and both refuse to
blink, it doesn't really make
international news. It doesn't become
the top story on every tech publication.
If Tesla does that, it's going to be a
big story. They know they have to not
just do it right, but do it better than
anyone else. Do it as with as near to
perfection as possible. And that's what
even with their own impossibly high
self-set limits, they're still doing it.
The standards are being met. So what's
going on? I mean, what we thought was
going on and we have additional
confidence because we're seeing them
manufacturing cyber cabs. They're not
doing it for fun. You can manufacture
Model Y's intended for robo taxi and
then say, "Nah, forget it. Just sell
them. Just sell them." If the robo taxi
network doesn't work, cyber cabs can't
just be sold. Uh they have to actually
work. So this is to me at least very
encouraging news. Brian, uh with regards
to the stock and how retail investors
are looking at us or even just
institutions, do you think that uh the
reason why people are still waiting is
number one, right? They're watching this
geoence. It's very limited numbers. It's
been slow much lower than everybody
expected. But once it starts to grow,
like they increase it, what number do
you think it needs to be before people
go, "Okay, this a real thing." Because
there are 28 now and then, you know,
just tiny tests.
&gt;&gt; Or when the cyber cap comes in or maybe
do you think people are going, you know
what, I've heard Elon and on the
earnings call and uh I'm not expecting
it to be this massive this year. He
already said, "Don't wait. It'll be next
year." Which of those two or both,
maybe? So, what I see is I've seen a lot
of people say, "Well, look, we keep
getting little bits of good news and the
stock doesn't jump. Why doesn't it
jump?" And the answer is because it's
people like you and me who looked at
this a year ago, two years ago, and saw
it coming. We bought in in advance of
it. So, you and I are not looking to,
we're not keeping a big pile of cash on
the sidelines waiting to see the
execution. We knew the execution was
coming. That's why we bought. What may
need to happen is the revenue may need
to get to another level. We may need to
uh get that price to earnings, you know,
under the high under the triple digits
uh before we see another big run. Um
when it becomes clear that it's going to
be making six billion a year or whatever
the number may be, then there will be an
opportunity to reevaluate. But a lot of
this growth is already baked in. a lot
of this expansion, this new opportunity
is baked in. And I it's just like uh you
and I had invested before MegaPAC was
big. Why didn't we dump a bunch more
money in once we saw that they were
going to be the global stationary
storage solution provider? Because our
money was already there. So, uh I don't
know, Wall Street will need to uh catch
up, I guess. Uh and increasingly they
are doing that. We are seeing
&gt;&gt; I want I'll show you some numbers today.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, please do because there's been an
inflow over time.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Okay. That's a good perspective.
Uh some people are saying well you know
this year you have to wait till version
15 which may not come till the end of
this year before Tesla will be able to
have true confidence that their robo
taxis are able to you know really do
robo taxi. And that's why they're
delaying which is not it's not what we
heard him say. Elon, he said we don't
need to wait for version 15, but that's
what some people think. And uh the
safety data is showing now as we see it
month by month that it's it's it's
there. We've got the safety. But uh
let's listen to what Arc Invest Tash
Keiny says. Uh Tasha Keiny was in in her
podcast. She thinks that FSD15 is first
of all any AI4 car which is all the
Tesla models that are being sold today
have AI4 compute in it is able to do
FF15 and that you don't need 15 to be
able to do full robo taxi. So let's
listen to her.
&gt;&gt; Important thing to keep in mind here
with Tesla is although you know they've
said that FSD15 which is the next
generation uh software update that
they're planning to use for robo taxi
they have stated that that's compatible
with AI4. If you drive a Tesla, you can
see firsthand how close it is to
crossing that threshold to you being
able to um you know, completely not pay
attention. But other than those, you
know, real world proof points and the
fact that we see in the safety data that
it's it's already safer um than humans,
right? So so I think all of those give
us confidence in AI4 platform. But I
will say even if Tesla were to choose
another platform, while that would be a
setback that we don't expect to happen,
um Tesla has the manufacturing scale
that is unmatched uh with competitors
here. Um for instance, you know, Whimo,
the last reported figure was they have
around 3,000 cars. Tesla can produce
more vehicles than that in a single day.
And you know, the last thing I'll say to
support uh Tesla's confidence in in robo
taxi is they're starting to produce the
cyber cab now and ramp that up for mass
production. So again, I think that just
gives you the idea that they're they're
really on the precipice of this and that
they have confident confidence in the
current hardware platform that they
exist today in order to make this
happen. Otherwise, they wouldn't uh
dedicate those manufacturing resources
to this issue.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. What do you think, Brian? So do
you need to wait to 415 for robo taxi or
do you think the cyber caps with the AI4
chips is enough? So sorry AI5 chips to
be able to accommodate version 15 or can
you do AI4
and and then yeah separately with AI4 do
you need to wait for 15 or can you just
do it now with taxi ramping?
&gt;&gt; Well they're on version 14 and it's
deployed. So I think that's the answer.
Uh they're running it today in Austin in
San Francisco.
&gt;&gt; They're testing it all over the place.
&gt;&gt; So we know 14 works. Uh I don't believe
in the all the if then silliness we've
seen.
&gt;&gt; I've I've known people in my life who
say if I do this I'll be happy. If I get
new glasses I'll be happy. If I get, you
know, uh a new car I'll be happy. Will
you? I think happiness comes from
within. And I know self-driving comes
from within and it's I'm not I mean I'm
being funny but I'm not joking. This is
for why wait for a milestone? Even when
Elon said when we get 10 billion miles
said it's not it's not like a switch
flips at 10 billion. You that's a good
target for what you need. Maybe it's a
little less, maybe it's a bunch less.
Maybe it's a bit more. Who knows? Uh but
it's pretty clear that it works. We've
seen too many drives from too many
people that we have met that we know
personally that can verify it. David
Moss once again crossing the continent
on self-driving without as much as a
speed profile adjustment without a nudge
to make it go through something all the
way through Canada. This hadn't been
done before. So, we know it works. I had
a person say, "Should I if cybercaps
become available for purchase today,
should I buy one today or wait for
hardware the next hardware AI5 with
version 15?" Why? Well, because you
know, I don't want them it'll become
obsolete. I go, either it works or it
doesn't. What's there to Why? There's
always going to be a newer, nicer car on
the road, a newer, nicer computer out
there. But I know businesses that have
very light use uh use cases for their
computers. They just do point of sale,
for example. You don't need to upgrade
your computers every year for that. In
fact, you don't need to upgrade them
ever because the software hasn't changed
and it just works. Do you want it to do
more? You've got all the output. You can
crunch it on a different machine. So,
hardware 4 is clearly enough because
it's running it. uh software version 15
of course it's going to be better how I
don't know doesn't matter right today
but it'll
have more pickup and drop off option I
don't whatever it may be it will be
better but you reach a point where it
doesn't have to be better it's just nice
that it is
&gt;&gt; so uh hardware 4 I think we're all
agreeing AI4 is good enough for for
certainly fs version 4 team and even
it's good enough for version 15. That's
the key point. Okay.
&gt;&gt; Yes. And I don't see the software
getting heavier and heavier anymore. So
I don't know that
&gt;&gt; version 15 is going to require
substantially more compute if any more
compute.
&gt;&gt; Okay. I don't know about that, but yeah,
but that's sounding like what that's the
everyone's saying. So now do you think
that uh they will ramp up
robo taxi prior to version 15 and what
you know 5,000 cars, 10,000 cars? Yeah,
absolutely. Because we don't know when
15 is coming. It could be two months. It
could be 10 months. Uh but we believe
but we're seeing cyber cab production
already and we're seeing them being
shipped all over the country in
anticipation of of wider deployment
right now.
Okay. Well, good to hear your your
perspective on that. Uh institutional
owners are buying Tesla. They've been
doing it since January 23rd. Look at the
jump here. Big month over the month
increase in institutional ownership. Um,
take a look at the the last bit month
here for Tesla stock. So, you know, it
seems like they they are definitely
continue to buy it. So, Alexander Mertz
said that uh today institutions now hold
47.8% of Tesla. Elon is 20% and retail
is now down to 31.9%. Remember when at
one point retail well retail was always
more stronger more than institution for
so long and she said that only from
September to November 2025th during that
quarter did institutions hold slightly
more than the total and at the time the
total share count was lower but now it
is certainly flipped. So institutions
hold more shares than Tesla does at this
or Tesla retailers do at this point.
Tesla was underweight in their
portfolios
&gt;&gt; when you and I bought the stock. It was
uh insane. We were crazy. We were told I
was told I'm sure you were as well by
our friends and neighbors. You're you're
bet in the farm. And maybe we were. But
we saw something they didn't. The price
to earnings ratio was much too high. No
wise investor would have put their money
where we did. But we saw something they
didn't. So what happened was we got into
a stock a lot of consumers a lot of
retail got into the stock and at one
point it was some what 60 70% of outside
investors were retail and I asked
Alexandra about that and she said you
know it's it's viewed as too risky
because it's not in the S&amp;P because it
doesn't have the the non-junk credit
rating and she worked hard to get those
things addressed not so much the S&amp;P
inclusion but the credit rating. Because
a credit rating makes no sense. How does
a company with tens of billions of
dollars in reserves, no debt, have a bad
credit rating? It's because you got to
pay the pay for the rating. So once
those shifted, pensions were allowed to
invest and the index funds were required
to invest. That's going to cause an
inflow. And even looking at Walmarts and
Costos, those are all, you know, 60 70%
retail as well. uh it was just a matter
of time and you can argue that they
should have gotten in sooner. I agree.
But the reality is they did eventually
get in and they kind of had to because
even if the stock is dreadfully
overpriced for whatever it may be,
whatever the company is, it's worth what
people say it's worth and today people
say it's worth you know over 400 a
share. Mhm. Institutions. It's a good to
know that 50% owned by institutions, 31%
by retail. So now when you watch the
stock move, you're you have to kind of
take that in consideration.
&gt;&gt; And worth noting that uh institutional
investors are a lot less emotional.
They're not going to uh see a recall and
panic sell. Uh so that's also
&gt;&gt; maybe we'll see if the volatility
changes. Uh there are 4,276
institutional owners and shareholders
according to those who filed in 13F
forms with the SEC. Uh the largest
shareholders are Vanguard, Black Rockck,
Vanguard Capital Management, State
Street, Geode Capital, Jane Street,
Vanguard Portfolio, JP Morgan. We've
already known this for so long.
&gt;&gt; Okay, that's the current scenario.
&gt;&gt; And by the way, I will complain once
more about JP Morgan Chase, the bank
where I have my IRA. They are always
saying, "Oh man, you got to sell that
Tesla. You got to buy some of our
garbage products instead." My friends,
you invest in Tesla. If you want me to
believe you're smart, which is it?
Should I Should I buy it like you and
hold it like you or should I sell it
because
&gt;&gt; you guys, you're terrible.
&gt;&gt; Let's talk uh SpaceX. We've just learned
uh Reuters reported uh just now that
SpaceX IPO details. Okay, so they're
going to offer it at 135 target price. I
think there's $555 million shares that
are going to be made available and that
will set the valuation of SpaceX to be
$1.75 trillion. That will allow them to
raise $75 billion and then a reminder
that Elon himself is not able to sell
for over a year a day after one year to
sell. So that's what we know now. Uh
people are now wondering what's going to
happen to SpaceX stock on that day. And
this guy was reminding people when Tesla
got listed on NASDAQ,
you know, this is a photo of him at the
day that it was listed on NASDAQ, 2010,
I think it was. And then today Tesla's
worth $1.3 trillion.
&gt;&gt; Um,
&gt;&gt; go back to that intersection today and I
guarantee you, you will see electric
cars.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Yeah, that's right.
&gt;&gt; He changed the picture.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, absolutely. That's a good point.
Yeah. Uh this guy said, "But how do you
justify a valuation that's over 50 times
revenue for SpaceX, Elon?" Okay.
&gt;&gt; Okay. So,
&gt;&gt; Elon says, "You shall see. You shall
see."
&gt;&gt; That person I would say rewind this
video about six minutes maybe where we
had a discussion about precisely. If
you're only looking at price to earnings
ratio, you're going to have some uh very
safe investments. you're going to be
invested in, I don't know, Coca-Cola or
McDonald's or something like that where
uh the downside is very limited just
like the upside. Very limited. Uh but
hey uh different styles for different
folks. The only way I can beat the
market is if I am confident I have seen
something that they cannot or do not.
That's why I invested in Tesla. Lynette
Lopez was saying, "Just pushing dirt
around in a mud field in China. Whole
thing is fake." I'm watching the drone
footage. I can tell you this is not
fake. I see something they don't. So,
&gt;&gt; uh, yeah, that's why
&gt;&gt; that's why my investments into other
companies have done typically so
terribly, I don't have the time to
follow them as closely.
&gt;&gt; So, I am I want to talk about what's
happening to Tesla stock. Um given that
SpaceX is going to go IPO next week.
Okay. I mean it's like June 3rd now and
this will go IPO June 12th.
&gt;&gt; SpaceX. What will happen to Space Tesla
stock when SpaceX goes IPO?
&gt;&gt; Mhm.
&gt;&gt; Do you want my Yeah. Well, I mean
there's three possibilities. Up, down,
or nothing. It could go down. You could
see an outflow of cash from people
wanting to try the other side of the
pillow. Uh that's possible, but I think
yeah, just flip it. It's cooler on the
other side.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; Uh I think the outflow of cash to do
that would already have happened. I
think people would see, oop, we got to,
you know, 420, 430. Let's trim a little
so we've got some SpaceX.
&gt;&gt; Some people are saying that the Bitcoin
crash this week was because they're
they're getting ready to put money into
SpaceX.
&gt;&gt; That's quite possible. Um it could go
up. Randy Kirk had a theory that saying
that look, there are people who want to
get in on the SpaceX Tesla potential
merger, uh, but can't get in on the
stock at the IPO. They're afraid of the
volatility on day one. If it's going to
debut at 135, they don't want to pay 150
only for it to fall to 135 again the
next day. Maybe they'll hedge by putting
the money in Tesla where they believe
it'll be safe. uh and the you know the
the synergies between the companies are
already on full display and then of
course it could do nothing because I
think we've already seen enough movement
um
&gt;&gt; it's built in already. Yeah,
&gt;&gt; it's built in.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, Larry Goldberg is saying that he's
he from his experience and everything he
thinks that Tesla stock will go up on
the day of SpaceX IPO
&gt;&gt; simply because of he halo effect. You
know, people listen hearing so much
about SpaceX, listening about even my
wife asked me last night, what's going
on with the SpaceX IPO? She's seeing it
all over the place.
&gt;&gt; I have to explain her to explain
everything that's happening. You know
what I mean? Like, so somebody's not
following this regularly starting to
hear SpaceX is going to go IPO, right?
And then that then um makes, you know,
people just being aware of Tesla and
Elon and then it actually goes up.
That's what he thinks. 10 15% increase
just for that. Absolutely. When we saw
SpaceX launch the first crude mission to
the space station, there was a a lot of
interest, a lot of hype on SpaceX and
people searching SpaceX stock. There is
no SpaceX stock that you can buy at the
time,
&gt;&gt; but money flowed into Tesla instead
because well, I mean, it's the next best
thing, right?
&gt;&gt; The other thing uh I want to uh I'm
going to have a live stream tomorrow on
Thursday there. I don't know when we're
going to publish this show. Um and uh
it's Joe Bacti has an incredible theory.
It's going to be a debate between him
and Alexander Mertz.
&gt;&gt; His theory is that just so you know
right now people are saying uh you know
SpaceX is going to go IPO June 12th and
then at some point I think all the
breadcrumbs are pointing that SpaceX
will announce an acquisition of Tesla.
Right? We've been hearing this over and
over again.
&gt;&gt; We don't know what the deals terms might
be but people are very concerned. Tesla
investors are very concerned that it's
going to be buying Tesla at a very
reduced price just before it hasn't
appreciated because of robo taxi yet. We
don't want that to happen. Or some are
saying it's a mergers of equal, right?
We're going to we're going to Tesla will
uh you know SpaceX will offer a premium
to let's say that SpaceX goes up to $2
trillion and at some point a month from
now, two months from now, 3 months from
now, whatever they announce and then
SpaceX or Tesla is at 1.3 trillion, they
go, "Okay, well, we'll make you up an
equal. So, we'll give you 30% uplift,
right?" Joe Bacti believes that it's the
opposite. He thinks that Tesla will be
two times more than SpaceX. Oh,
&gt;&gt; so if SpaceX is at $2 trillion,
they will merge it with Tesla at 4
trillion.
&gt;&gt; Why why would he do that? Or what what
makes him think that that will happen?
Because in the amendment that was just
uh offered for this prospectus, it had
uh it looked like that SpaceX actually
has authorized 36 billion shares. 36
thou 36 billion shares. Why would you
authorize 36 billion shares? You don't
need that. You in order to buy Tesla,
you can get away with just 12 billion
shares. You don't need to have 36
billion. And and his reasoning is that
in fact SpaceX will be one-third of the
new form company and Tesla will be
twothirds of the new form company and he
will offer double for Tesla. Now if he
does that his owner his uh controlling
still controls he still has over 50 plus
60% uh voting shares but his own
ownership only falls from 35% to 29%.
&gt;&gt; It's it's like a 5% drop for him. So
it's not a big deal for him to do this
to offer double what Tesla's worth. Why
would he do that? because Tesla is
needed for the near-term profit and
sales versus SpaceX is the, you know,
longer term.
&gt;&gt; If he doesn't do that, SpaceX stock
might fall significantly.
&gt;&gt; I don't know.
&gt;&gt; So, so first of all, Joe Baky, clearly a
crazy person. We're all crazy people.
Debating Alexandra, a battle of two
crazies moderated by a crazy. I love it.
It's going to be awesome. Um, at first
blush what he says is wrong and makes no
sense, but the more he explains it, the
more it does make sense. Well, he would
want it higher because then he gets,
look, if it's over 50%, it doesn't
matter. The it doesn't change the total
number of dollars. The two companies
still have whatever value they have. If
you want to put a price tag on it that
says it's lower or higher, it doesn't
actually change the value. It's just the
sticker. So, I could see either
direction making sense. The only
hesitation I've heard from investors on
the idea of the merger is that if that
merger happens, uh, shareholder voting
is no longer relevant. I mean, you
basically no longer have a say in what
goes on in the company,
&gt;&gt; but would that result in a massive
outflow?
&gt;&gt; I doubt it. I doubt it. It might result
in a small outflow. Uh, but there are
companies that would say, I am now
concerned about my investment. So,
right, but you're an index fund. Are you
going to sell it? Well, no, I can't.
&gt;&gt; But but of the Max 7, Tesla is the
outlier, which which does not have
founder control. All the other companies
have founder control.
&gt;&gt; So, this is not unusual to go this
route. And people are making a big deal
out of it. But I I asked Alexander, do a
report showing us the Mag 7, Mag 10 out
there and and show us who controls that
company and it's the outlier. Alexander
Potter, Alex Potter of Piper Sanders
said that Tesla is the actual outlier.
Everyone else is founder control. They
have their class A, class B shares that
have controlling.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; Right. So I uh you know I don't
understand the full benefits of the of
the merger, but I also know that people
smarter than me are in charge. Uh and if
they're not, you need to tell me because
if they're not as smart as me, Herbert,
we're in trouble. So, you are pretty
smart. Appreciate you. Thank you so
much, Brian. Uh, that was good. We'll
see what happens to Tesla stock when
SpaceX goes IPO, but in the meantime,
institutions are buying Tesla stock. Uh,
like you said, way before any of these
events and then we're we just need to
see and keep track what's happening with
CyberCap and it's curious to see whether
or not, you know, who's right or who's
wrong. Do you need to wait till AI5? Do
you need to wait for FSC 15? We shall
see soon enough. Thank you, Bram. Follow
him on his YouTube channel, Future Aza.
You will see. Go there. You will see.
I've created a website that is the most
comprehensive resource for the Tesla
investor. Please check it out. Simply go
to my website at herdomm.com.