Channel:     brighterwithherbert
Title:       Ron Baron Says SpaceX Could Reach $30 Trillion
URL:         https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GIqRpdEg9pE
Published:   2026-06-09 13:30 UTC
Fetched:     2026-06-09 14:00 UTC

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

The SpaceX IPO is this Friday and both
Elon Musk and billionaire investor Ron
Baron are weighing in. We'll watch
several of these videos. Ron believes
SpaceX will become the largest, most
profitable company on the planet at some
point going to be worth 10, 20, or even
$30 trillion. And what's more, he says
people who work for SpaceX think he's
lowballing it. Elon Musk replied simply
saying, quote, "Ron is smart." Ron also
says you can't own enough of the
greatest idea you've ever had. That's
the way he feels about SpaceX. By some
estimates, the Baron Capital Group and
its various funds own around $15 billion
worth of SpaceX and he's already said he
plans to buy 1 billion more at IPO.
There are many pros and many cons to
buying an IPO and we'll discuss that
today. Ron laid out that Elon being a
key man for the investment is the
biggest concern. We'll hear his thought
process here. We'll also review Goldman
Sachs projections that SpaceX revenue
will grow 100 times by 2030, reaching
$322 billion. And Morgan Stanley sees
SpaceX revenue reaching 3.4 trillion by
2040. These numbers are absolutely wild
and it seems the frenzy has gotten out
of control. Are they all just pumping
right now? We'll ask that question to
Jeff Lutz. He's an ex supply chain sea
level executive for Motorola, Google,
and Lenovo. He's currently running his
own consulting firm serving mega cap
tech in supply chain design and
manufacturing. Welcome Jeeoff.
&gt;&gt; Hey, we're Yeah, these are some some big
numbers. Uh we'll go through it. I mean,
I think if you looked at the AI
uh the whole AI buildout, which is still
just getting started, I think people
would have scaunted those numbers too
maybe five years ago. So, anyway, we'll
go through this.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, it's a little bit uh too high, too
far. uh seems like it's it's a a little
bit um sketchy or you know curious why
they're saying it the days before the
IPO. So you just have to keep that in
mind. But still these are some real
players in the industry saying this. Uh
this is SpaceX going IPO on Friday.
Here's Ron Baron. Now, he's been proven
correctly for his Tesla uh forecasts and
uh he's a buy and hold kind of investor,
but he believes SpaceX will become the
largest most profitable company on the
earth. Let's uh let's listen to what he
says.
&gt;&gt; Company which is going to be valued
initially for less than $2 trillion I
think uh we think uh uh is going to be
worth 10 trillion, 20 trillion or $30
trillion. Uh people in the company
believe that I'm lowballing it but
that's what I think and we think that
this is going to become SpaceX will
become the largest most profitable
company on the planet. I was recently
then
&gt;&gt; okay that is him saying the people in
the company are saying we're lowballing
guess who's he saying he's referring to
Elon Musk uh Elon himself took that
video and forward it so he felt it was
important enough to take that clip and
forwarded himself as a post not
forwarded actually posted it maybe
largest in the sector of the galaxy not
just on the planet largest of the sector
of the galaxy so he's uh proving those
numbers kind of way out there Jeeoff
what do you think I mean yes at one
point people were laughing one trillion
and And now people are are seeing
companies worth four or 5 trillion, but
20 30 trillion is a little crazy out
there right now.
&gt;&gt; Well, I think the biggest mistake is
people take present- day GDPs and
economics and projected out 10 years is
if there's going to be no growth
anywhere else in the world. So, that's a
mistake. Watch when people do that. And
I think when you see uh estimates like
this, you'd want to understand how where
you how are you arriving at these
numbers. And I mean today you've got a
$5.5 trillion or so dollar Nvidia today.
So it's it's not inconceivable to that
Nvidia would actually be one of the
first 10 trillion dollar companies
possibly. And it it none none of this is
the 10 trillion number to me is not out
of this world. Remember Tesla what what
is SpaceX going to be? Is SpaceX going
to include Tesla? Is SpaceX going to
include other things? But we're building
this terraab out over the next 5 years.
That's part of it. And then you've got
te you have physical AI and you've got
uh super intelligence chatbot AI inside
of if if it's a combined company te
SpaceX and Tesla. Well then these
numbers aren't inconceivable at all. So
that would have been an interesting
question to Ron Baron. Is it is it 10 20
30 trillion on its own or is that also
combined
&gt;&gt; with Tesla? But I mean these numbers are
gigantic and nutty. I think you just
have to step back and look at it and say
what's inside of these companies and how
big is the moat and and what kind of
value is this for the world and for
consumers and for businesses and so
forth. And obviously the value of
interplanetary travel is high and
getting product into orbit is high.
There's a very small number of people
that can actually do it. And and then
you look at the value of compute,
terrestrial compute on Earth. That value
is high. We just saw the the Google and
anthropic deals with SpaceX. And it
looks like through hardware and through
mega is is manufacturing Elon is
creating moes all over the place. And
that is going to be the the toughest
thing to catch. That is going to be the
most difficult thing for these companies
to try and replicate and do. And they a
lot of companies will go bankrupt and
bust just trying to do it and they'll
just stop. Look what look at how many
companies try to do their own auto
companies try to do their own autonomy
pushes and then they stopped and now
they think Nvidia is going to do it all
for them and and they're actually caught
I think in a pretty big bind right now.
So I think I think when you step back
and look at the complexity and the
capability of SpaceX and what they're
doing, how few competitors that they
really have, it's not inconceivable that
there are going to be some very large
market cap numbers out there, but I I
don't know. It's hard to say like by
what date. I think and what is Ron
talking about 2040? Like what is what is
what is his time frame on this? Um
anyway, those are the things that come
to mind. time and then just competition
and moat. They seem to be all trending
in SpaceX's favor.
&gt;&gt; Well, we we'll do a deeper dive in
Goldman Sachs and Morgan Stanley's
business plans and models, what they
say, which is, you know, right up there.
But, um, yeah, I think the way Elon
would answer that question is he says
that it's all about energy and if you
can get to the sun and harness the sun's
energy, which is like a, you know, a
million million times more energy than
what they're doing on Earth. If you can
harness that, energy is a proxy for
productivity. It's a proxy for economic
value. Uh it's econ it's a pro proxy for
intelligence because you just get free
energy and you can make as many data
centers and then you can create as
bigger AI and that will translate.
That's how he sees it I think. Um and
that and if he has that moat, no one
else can do it or very late decades away
from catching up. uh then SpaceX has
really just unmatched uh energy access.
Ron is smart. He says uh the other thing
he says is that you can't own enough. So
this is Ron proposing to his friends and
to others that he thinks is a good
investment
&gt;&gt; that if you uh have identified if you
have identified do not listen to other
people. If you have identified and you
have done the work on a business that
you think can grow tremendously,
you can't own enough of it. You can't
own enough of the greatest idea you've
ever had. That's the way I feel about
SpaceX, which is why I urge my friends
and executives of companies in which
we've invested uh to do a good thing for
them like they've done for us uh to
invest in SpaceX. And a lot of the
people who invested in SpaceX with us so
far uh uh are those my friends and
executives of companies and uh and
family and and I wouldn't be telling
them to do that at these prices if I
didn't think that making these kind of
investments is going to change their
lives which is what I believe. Jeeoff,
do you think uh two trillion if if
SpaceX goes IPO on Friday, two trillion,
1.75 trillion goes up to two something,
whatever. Is that that good? I mean,
&gt;&gt; well, I I think there's going to be huge
demand for it and it's also going to be
volatile because the it's because the
earnings are out over a distance over a
period of time.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, I I think there's going to be
there could be volatility with it. So,
we'll see. But I would say the flurry of
announcements and the flurry of things
that really immediately are impacting
the revenue line are pretty stunning.
And
uh who knows where where the end of who
knows how many deals are going to start
getting lined up again for for
space-based data centers for compute
uh for uh the government contracts that
have been coming in as well. By the way,
everybody thought that that SpaceX was
this big, you know, cronyism of from
with the governments. It was a very
small fraction of their contracts
actually like single digits that the
rest of it all uh is all private and are
private companies and partnerships and
and and deals. So anyway, we we'll see.
I mean, Ron is is
making he's making a statement that he's
basically sharing this with family and
friends. He thinks it's something that
they should be doing and setting up for
the future. I think the big question in
everybody's mind is this, you know, is
this the right starting point? Is the
1.75, the two trillion the right
starting point? Nobody has a crystal
ball. Could this thing be cut by, you
know, several percent uh through some
sort of market correction or of course
anything could happen to any stock or
company, but you just have to look at
over of of a longer trajectory and say,
"All right, is is are the things that
they're doing, do they have a lasting
effect and is the moat a lasting moat?"
And if that's the case, well, and and
and it all depends on your time horizon,
too. So to me, stock recommendations are
very have to be very personalized to the
person you're talking to because
everybody's coming at it from a
different perspective in terms of when
they need the capital and how much
they're willing to risk.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, that's a very sound advice. We
don't know what's going to happen. This
could be up and down. Very, very, very
volatile. in the future you just bank on
do you believe that there is a a moat
and then Elon Musk being a key man risk
is according to El to Ron Baron the
biggest risk um you know first this is
Elon saying Ron is awesome so he's
replying to those videos and then um Dr.
Jack pointed out that there is a
Freudian slip uh where actually both Ron
did it and so did Elon. Elon was
interviewed by JP Morgan and he said
Tesla data centers and it goes so
quickly unknown SpaceX data centers and
here it's the opposite uh and let's
listen to what he said
&gt;&gt; don't own enough and have to own more.
Uh and then you also have these indexes
where where passive investors uh have to
invest in those indexes uh whether they
like it or not. If they're going to
duplicate an index and you have a new
company coming into the index, they got
to invest in it. So you have demand
coming from investors who don't own any
and want it and and are large cap growth
investors. They have to own it. And then
in addition to that, you have people who
are going to be trying to duplicate an
index and they have to own it too. And
then you have people like us who say,
"Boy, I have never in my life seen a
business like this." And I haven't. Uh
then they they have to own it too. And
you have to own it for us. Um I I told
my son, you say, "Dad, dad, don't say
never, but I can't imagine that I'm ever
going to sell my stock in Tesla in
SpaceX
&gt;&gt; or Tesla
&gt;&gt; or Tesla.
I can't imagine. Or Tesla. Yeah. He
goes, "Or Tesla." So he was it affording
slip? I'll never sell my stock in Tesla
or SpaceX.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. I I I wouldn't read I wouldn't
read too much
&gt;&gt; uh into it. I would just go back to all
the other underlying facts of of the
alignment and the companies and and make
your own decision. I wouldn't read too
much into too much into that. You and I
are making slips all the time when we're
talking publicly as well in these
broadcasts. So, but anyway, I love that.
Yeah, I I think I think there's been
enough other statements about the uh the
combined value of these companies, but
again, you'd have to see what the if
there was a a merger proposal, what that
would look like um for SpaceX
shareholders and for Tesla shareholders
and understand each side of it. Is it a
good deal or not?
&gt;&gt; So, the biggest concern and risk would
be Elon being a key man risk and u he
was asked that question and here is his
answer
&gt;&gt; or tested
Great. Thanks, Ron. We're getting a lot
of questions on the potential merger of
SpaceX and Tesla. Do you think that's
realistic or pure speculation?
&gt;&gt; Um, well, I don't know more uh than
anyone else. uh no one there's been no
public announcements and I have uh you
know made assumptions that a lot of uh
Elon's businesses uh the interests
converge uh and if one person one
business makes a profit the other one uh
has an expenditure
uh so you're able to do uh things
without having to uh uh you know merge
but whatever so I believe that uh this
individual is the most consequential
industrialist
engineer physicist on the planet and uh
and he jokes whether he's from this
planet or not but I'll take his word
that he's from here and and I think that
uh that I am we are not activist
investors and if he thinks it's better
to be merged then we'll support him and
I'll explain why and we'll support him
and if he explains that it's better not
to emerge uh then we'll support him
whatever he wants to do it's his you
know he he's got more at risk than
anyone else and he's you know giving his
health and putting himself at risk
physical risk uh for for making all of
our lives better it's amazing person he
is I I often you know question I don't
understand exactly how uh I became
became friendly with him and uh and um
it just changed my life, changed our
lives and uh and and I don't think I
can't think, you know, of someone who I
admire more. One of my friends was
telling me when I said that on CNBC that
he's the most per person I admire the
most. Uh my friend said, "You know, you
should say that the person you admire
most is your wife." I said, "Okay." And
so Judy says, Judy says, "Well, if you
say that then I'll know it didn't come
from you."
&gt;&gt; Well, Ron speaking.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. So Elon is the such an incredible
part. He's spoke highly, but he is the
biggest keyman risk. What's your
thoughts on on that risk?
&gt;&gt; Yeah, that's clear that there is that
risk. I look at it in a couple different
ways. One is Elon does these master
plans. These are decadel long or more
visions for where he wants to take the
company and what he wants to build. And
so that's point one is that he does put
that out there. Point two is he hires
and retains people that are very much in
his likeness. If you look at the test
and of course there's turnover and every
like there's all these articles anytime
like the the program manager of a car
leaves like there's an article. It's
ridiculous. And there's turnover at
every single company that's ever been
made. But if you look at his direct
reporting staff at SpaceX and at Tesla,
there are very long tenur leaders in key
spots. We could, you know, name a bunch
of them now.
And and I do feel very good that the
company would be in very good hands even
if Elon were for for any reason not
there. I think they have a portfolio of
product a portfolio of things under
development and a portfolio of products
they're shipping that are have
tremendous value in the marketplace. It
would the stock and would the company
take a valuation hit? Of course it
would. But I can't think of a more
exciting portfolio and I in in in the
world besides the Tesla and the SpaceX
portfolio of products. I can't think of
one of a company that's working on more
uh more a more exciting portfolio and
Elon is not sitting down and coding and
doing the development across all this
portfolio. Is he hands-on? Is he
actively engaged? Absolutely. Is he
pushing the team through roadblocks and
things that would have otherwise blocked
the team and especially dealing with
other companies and suppliers and
governments and regulators? Yes. So
there is absolutely key man risk but
there's also a well articulated vision
and a well constructed portfolio of
projects that would drive the company
for many years out both companies.
&gt;&gt; Mhm. Yeah. The way I look at it is if
you look at Tesla right uh as every day
that goes by that he's there it's
amazing what he can do. So you've got
and he focuses on the future products
that have roadblocks and he clears them
out. So the good news is that roboaxi is
solved. He's moved on. It's now an
operational thing. Robots, we don't
know, but he did spend a lot of time on
version three and he's working out the
the manufacturing space uh production of
that. We don't know if that's complete
yet or not. And then uh Terraab, that's
still very early. Who knows if if
something happens to them that would I
would put that at risk and maybe never
happening. And then with SpaceX, he's
there for uh Starship now is pretty
close to reusable. I don't know if that
is, you know, him going away. Is that
going to stop that? I don't think that I
think that's a done deal. But then AI
data centers, he's just now focusing on
that at this point. And so if he can
figure that out, the more months go by,
I'll feel better that that is solved.
But right now, that is not. So that's
the way I look at it. There's certain
businesses that I feel like it's
regardless if he's gone, that thing is
solved. But the others, they still need
him. Um, let's take a look at what
Goldman Sachs and Morgan Stanley their
numbers. Uh, Goldman Sachs, they think
that the revenue will grow 100 tox. So,
we're talking four years the revenue
will 4x. The bank's projections are at a
foundation of SpaceX 1.78 trillion IPO
valuation pitch. Here's what they're
telling the investors that the AI growth
model will grow from 3.2 billion in 2025
to 322 billion by 2030. So in four years
it'll be three times the size of current
Tesla. That's a 100 times increase in 5
years. XAI lost 6.4 billion 2025. Yeah,
but we now know that well if you combine
the Anthropic deal and the Google deal
that's no longer a loss anymore. XAI TAM
claims 26.5 trillion versus 2 trillion
for Starlink and space combined. It's
all based on XAI honestly uh data
centers and so forth. The SpaceX revenue
picture 474 billion by 2030. Starlink
will have 144 of that. Rocket will be
about 8.8 billion of that. And this is
there guys. Um uh the Grock models must
catch up and surpass Enthropic. Google
and OpenI coding, cyber security agents
and chatbots. XAI has been hamstrung by
IP of Heo pushing out all 10 co-founders
within 10 years but then he's been
renting it out. So the IPO mechanics,
they could raise 86 billion. Goldman
Sachs leads Morgan Stanley and everyone
else is involved. That's Goldman Sachs.
Before we get to Morgan Stanley,
thoughts on that one?
&gt;&gt; No, I mean these notes, I wish these
notes would have come out, you know,
several months ago. Um, you know, these
are the lead bookrunners for the IPO. So
you just have to keep all this in. I
mean, there's a reason that they want to
be the lead book runner. So they believe
in it. At the same time, they're getting
massive fees on the other end of it. So
just have to keep it's a business. You
have to keep all this in context and
everything in mind and and know that
these analysts could change their
opinion in 6 months or a year and would
it be the first time that they've done
that on an IPO? So just I would just
focus on the facts. I know we're kind of
going back and forth between revenue and
profitability. I don't know if XAI is
even with these deals if they're even
profitable. I hope I would hope that
they're profitable, but I don't know.
Maybe they're he's doing massive capex
investments for the next build out. So,
we'll we'll we'll have to see. But yeah,
it's fair to say that there's been
massive transformation at SpaceX driving
revenue. So, it's not a hard picture. It
is a difficult picture actually because
this is such a different kind of company
to go public. There's so many different
companies inside of this and the world
is just not famili the world is familiar
with AI companies going public and
hardware but not spacebased companies
going public. So, and the numbers are so
big it's sometimes it's difficult for
people to get their head around. But see
what Morgan Stanley says.
&gt;&gt; Well, yeah. Well, if you thought that
Goldman Sachs was crazy, look at Morgan
Stanley. They're saying that the revenue
for SpaceX will be 3.4 trillion by 2040.
So in 15 years it'll be 3.4 trillion per
year. That's crazy. So they are I mean
it's not crazy. It's just it's just
Yeah, it is crazy. We've never seen that
before. A revenue of 3.4 trillion in
2040 and just would be 2.7 trillion.
That's like tremendous profit. Research
analysts Goldman Sachs and Morgan
Stanley both project revenue could be
near 160 billion 2028.
That's two years from now. Now, I don't
know where they got that number, 160
billion, because I can see maybe a
hundred billion from uh space
terrestrial data center rental, but I
don't expect that you would have any
space-based data centers until well past
2028, 2029 and onward. I don't know
where they came up with this number.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, you could have what what you could
have is a lot of deposits or capacity
reservations for people that want to get
in line to get their product up there.
And you could have a lot of uh Starship
in uh traffic in those years as well.
Putting everybody else's product doesn't
have to be data center driven and of
course Starlink.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, I guess so. I mean, let's take a
look what they said. So, it says here um
that the 160 billion 2028 the estimate
is that the rocket the rocket company's
revenue the revenue would exceed 470
billion. Okay. To get the dos anticipate
revenue from AI business to provide the
bulk of the revenue after this year and
grow dramatically. Okay. So, I mean,
they're just pitching really high big
giant numbers. And uh part of the
reason, of course, is that they are the
top two rolls out of the banks.
&gt;&gt; Whoever the largest number gets to be
the lead, you know.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. I mean, there's there I mean, to
be fair, there is nothing like SpaceX.
The businesses that have been created
inside of the company and uh the
leadership and what they've been able to
prove so far, there's nothing like it.
So, uh, it'll be interesting. The
question is, is there a competitor
coming up? That's, if there is a
competitor, what are they going to do?
They're going to launch rockets. They're
going to do one thing. I don't know if
there's going to be a company that comes
up that does all these different things.
Um, you could see Blue Origin and maybe
Amazon getting together in the future,
uh, more as one company, but, you know,
they've got a ways to go as well. And
there's so much work, there's so much
traffic, there's so much demand that's
going to be on this that you can have a
couple of companies and you're still
going to have some unbelievable mode and
profitability for a long period of time.
&gt;&gt; How do you Jeeoff, how do you how do you
take that? Okay, so SpaceX huge frenzy,
we just talked about it going IPO.
You've already answered the question of,
you know, it's going to be very
volatile. We don't know, but the future
is good. How do you answer the question
about how it is uh in some ways seen as
very politically important for United
States? This is a race between US and
China. China is going to be the
competitor here or one of the other
countries out there. They're going to do
their everything to have, you know,
obviously rockets but also data centers
and AI there too. And don't count them
out because they've got, you know, the
will and the money and and all that. uh
but you know do you think that SpaceX
will be seen by
both parties here in the US as as uh
nationally important critical to
national importance? Yeah.
&gt;&gt; Yes, they will. It it will be
politicized
but
the I think the real professionals will
understand. I don't, by the way, I don't
think we've seen the extent of
different types of government uh
contracts and businesses and even
business units inside of SpaceX.
Uh right now there's, you know, there's
Star Shield and there's other things for
Space Force where, you know, we're where
SpaceX is helping the US government put
product into space. It's part of our
national defense. But I think there
could be many things beyond beyond what
SpaceX is doing today. To me, if you
look at the product lines, like you look
at Starlink, the the the US defense or
government version of it is Star Shield.
To me, if you look at the other major
product lines that Tesla does, there's
no reason why there couldn't be a US
defense version of a number of things
that they build today, especially their
AI. Um but even some of their other
their hardware products, there's there's
not a there's no reason to believe that
there isn't potential national defense
um like correlary to some of the the
private market products that they built,
the consumer market products they build
today. So
&gt;&gt; did you have a Freudian slip? Did you
say did you mean SpaceX or did you
really mean Tesla?
&gt;&gt; Both.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, I mean the combined the combined
version. Look, I mean, there's
&gt;&gt; there I I know the government I know
right now the government's on this kick
of like everything's got to be coal and
and gas powered and I got it,
&gt;&gt; but there there are there will be I
think there could be many reasons why
that there are many product lines
that'll be made that we have just we
haven't even seen yet. Let's think let's
think think about drones for a second.
If Tesla gets into that or SpaceX, most
likely SpaceX gets into that business.
&gt;&gt; U it's not going to be Yeah. Anyway,
there's so many business units here that
could come about and again the core of
it is their manufacturing capability.
&gt;&gt; Uh
okay. So, one of the things that SpaceX
is doing is um I lost my train of
thought a little bit there cuz Yeah, you
were just
&gt;&gt; Yeah, what I was just talking about is
their moat right now is their ability to
manufacture rockets rapidly and then the
rockets that they make are reusable.
There's a lot of one-way way drone
technology. There's a lot of things
today that aren't usable reusable.
There's a lack of manufacturing capacity
for these things in the US. A lot of
these things can be solved really
quickly by a company like SpaceX and
Tesla. So anyway, I'd just be interested
to see if they decide to because the
this field is getting crowded. It's not
like there aren't a bunch of companies
trying to figure out how to build drones
in the US and in allied countries, but
uh it just be interested to see if Tesla
goes after it. And they don't have to,
by the way, if sorry, SpaceX and or
Tesla go, but they don't even have to.
There's so many other elements of the
company that that could be leveraged for
national defense. Anyway, these numbers
could get really big, really nutty,
really quick is the point.
&gt;&gt; It's because they're becoming national
government representation, not just like
a private company anymore.
&gt;&gt; SpaceX is very big today with a very
tiny fraction of it being government
contract based.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. and and and he's also Elon in the
last week, I don't know if this is
positioning, but it sounds like it's
real. He's saying that this SpaceX data
centers is open for business for any
company. If Microsoft wants to put up
their own, Google wants to put their
TPU, it can accommodate whatever TPU,
whatever AI you want, we will do it for
you. So, he's saying it's not just for
XAI, not just for SpaceX. Do you think
he's real? He's serious about that? It's
uh you know one way to prevent being
seen as a monopoly.
&gt;&gt; Yes. Until
uh he needs that capacity himself. So he
will it's the same playbook for Tesla
making batteries. Like I will buy as
many batteries as possible to support my
business, but I'm going to make my own.
And that's going to help me establish
pricing. It's going to help me establish
a market and tech position so nobody can
take me out. see these other companies,
they can get taken out. Like if we're
out of if we're out of terrestrial
capacity for data centers in the US,
there's this huge political push back
and you can't get I mean look at the
corner that Anthropics painted in now.
Their product there Opus 4 is so
popular, but they they didn't have
enough capacity to serve the public and
the experience started deteriorating.
Imagine that happening, you know, times
10. And and that could that could really
happen. So Elon always wants his himself
and his companies in a position where
nobody can bottleneck him. And he still
there's still risk all over the place
and the big one in front of him is chips
and and and chip capacity.
Um so that's that's the key. He does not
want to be bottlenecked. he won't be
bottlenecked and he doesn't necessarily
have to be the leader or the number one
producer of that category. He just wants
to establish a position in it and then
he can fill up that capacity as he sees
fit.
&gt;&gt; So I think I think we're you and I both
will agree to a$10 trillion number and
like you said earlier like we don't know
yet if that includes Tesla. Of course if
it includes Tesla we can certainly see a
SpaceX acquiring Tesla company could get
to 10 trillion at some point. very
that's a lot easier to say 2030 we don't
know but
here's you know the only company
honestly this is just the weirdest thing
no I guess not weird I mean Elon planned
for this for 20 years it's the only
company that can do reusable rockets
which then sets them up to be the only
company to create unlimited AI data
centers which gets free energy from the
sun and then all sorts of benefits
coming from that and then you have
access to the most intelligence the
larger data center, the smarter the AI
is. You've got control of that and
energy. So, you got AI and energy that
you have cornered as your own. Now,
you're going to share it with others to
get rental operational
efficiencies, but otherwise, that's what
you're betting is that this is the only
company that can do this. And if they
pull it off, it's probably going to be
well more than 10 trillion. Do you agree
with the 10 trillion number though that
I just the way I positioned that?
&gt;&gt; Yeah, I mean, as a baseline. Yeah. And
remember, the other reason to have those
contracts with competitors as well is to
not be seen as an antitrust risk. So,
he's going to have this there's going to
be this bottleneck to get the space.
There's going to be this bottleneck for
energy and he's going to be at the
center of it controlling a lot of it.
But with these deals in place, you can't
say that he's not
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; You know, bringing others into the loop.
&gt;&gt; You hurt You hurt him. You're hurting
all these other companies. That is Yeah.
Hopefully US-based. Do you think he
would ever make a deal with China? China
has uh Tesla China is significant. Tesla
autonomy ro cybercaps robo taxi in China
robots in China factories in China.
&gt;&gt; Not anything military or national
defense related.
&gt;&gt; No way. So then China comes up and says,
"Look, Tesla, Elon, uh you better give
me access to space or else we're going
to cut you out of China." No, I think
China um they're they're number I think
they're number two between them and the
Russians behind SpaceX. They're going to
they're going to focus on building out
their own
um pathway to space and their own
capacity to space. I don't think they're
going to have to do that. Nor would they
lock Elon out like that because locking
him out is detrimental to the rest of
like any new thing that he wants to
bring in. They they they like they
invite Tesla or Elon companies in. So
it's actually they're smart enough to
know. Now it doesn't mean that Xin maybe
Xinping isn't the leader but when this
decision is made but China's, you know,
smart enough to know that it's better to
have him there than to lock him out.
&gt;&gt; I agree with you. I think China is the
biggest uh unknown and another top risk.
But I I think at this point I agree with
you. China needs Tesla more than Tesla
needs China. And then China needs SpaceX
more than SpaceX needs SpaceX Tesla
would need. So I'd be I'd be perfectly
happy if SpaceX acquires Tesla and then
China says, "Oh, you can't do your
humanoid robots here." Yeah, it's it's a
hit, but it's not not going to be that
big of a hit.
&gt;&gt; I I actually think China would invite
Tesla to build humanoid robots. The the
question of sale is an interesting
thing. Will they allow? But I think I I
I actually think I I'm I'm I may be on
the other side of this. They're going to
want Tesla and Optimus in China. I think
our government is going to get in the
middle of that just like our government
is getting in the middle of Nvidia.
&gt;&gt; Interesting.
&gt;&gt; I think our government is going to right
now the government is getting in the
middle of chatbot AI, both chips and
with the the models. And I think they're
going to get in the middle of physical
AI as well. So it's going to be
government restricted. that it won't be
Tesla, SpaceX,
&gt;&gt; and it'll probably be could actually be
the US that does it, not the China. Very
interesting. You're right. You're
absolutely right. Wow, Jeeoff, thank you
very much. Uh SpaceX IPO Friday uh
frenzy's crazy. Take a look at these
numbers. Um and hopefully we gave you
some of our thoughts. Thank you, Jeeoff.
Follow him on his ex account at the
Jeffoff Lutz. Thanks, everybody. I've
created a website that is the most
comprehensive resource for the Tesla
investor. Please check it out. Simply go
to my website at herbond.com.