Channel:     jobhakdi
Title:       Elon SUES Germany - Will It Escalate?
URL:         https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=t6TQIjwe5yg
Published:   2026-06-20 20:50 UTC
Fetched:     2026-06-20 21:00 UTC

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Maybe you have heard it. Elon Musk is
suing the German government. It's a very
high-profile lawsuit and it has already
yielded some very good returns for Elon
and his lawyer. Specifically, Elon is
suing the official German TV
broadcasting station ZDF, the Deutsche
Fzen. And that is a very, very big deal.
Now, before we go into the details,
let's watch this very, very short clip
of 28 seconds to hear what the ZDF said
about Elon. It is in German. I'm going
to translate it. It's just 20 seconds,
but you should see the real thing so you
know what's going on.
&gt;&gt; So, she says, "A brutal murder attempt
on Belfast streets." She's of course
referring to the migrant to the I think
a Sudanese or something migrant that
tried to decapitate an Irish man on the
street for of course no reason other
than being a complete savage and the
outrage that followed. That's her intro.
And then she continues
Elon Musk.
&gt;&gt; So she says, of course, she doesn't even
mention that a migrant from Sudan tried
to decapitate someone. She just says a
brutal murder attempt. No one knows. Oh,
a murder attempt. Oh, it's just a random
person trying to murder a random other
person. No, it was a Sudanese illegal
migrant. I think illegal, maybe it
wasn't even legal, uh, who tried to
decapitate an Irish man on the street.
She now continues and says, "In response
to that, a racist mob starts to hunt
down foreigners in Ireland," which is a
little weird.
So, she then literally says, "A racist
mob
because of that starts hunting down
foreigners
encouraged and called upon by Elon Musk.
And then she continues, "This pattern is
not a new pattern."
Whoa, lady. So,
first of all, besides distorting the
news in massive ways and saying there's
just racism breaking out just because of
a random murder attempt. Ooh. And then a
racist mob is interesting. like people
who had were fed up with that and said
enough is enough. Give us Ireland back.
That's not a racist mob by the way. And
then she continues called upon to do
that by Elon Musk which of course is a
blatant and horrendous lie. It's not
even good propaganda. It's just
completely made up and it's a complete
lie. And she continues to say this is
not a new pattern. So when I saw this, I
immediately tweeted Elon. By the way, I
reposted this on X immediately and
tagged Elon and I think many other
people did that and Elon very quickly I
think within an hour uh or a few hours
basically said okay we are taking action
against that and that is exactly what's
happening now. So Elon hired a good
German lawyer
and uh now is in the process of suing
the ZDF
uh to actually get some justice here and
get this taken down and then of course
hopefully gets some results from that.
Here's Julian Raichel who is a
journalist uh who is actually a good
journalist in in Germany and he
basically uh published a statement by
the ZDF
uh which made a statement the DF Hoyer
uh
uh investigated
uh which role Elon Musk and Tommy Tommy
Robinson had in the in the uh forfield
in the uh preceding ing in the preceding
uh process before that um Tommy
Robertson had called for protests and
Elon Musk uh also joined in a call for
protests.
Um the moderation
uh was supposed the the the broadcast
was supposed to actually summarize this
effectively. Uh but the chosen words
were imprecise and because of that led
to misunderstandings.
That was the statement of the ZDF and
that is just inviting a lawsuit because
it was not imprecise. It was not leading
to misunderstandings. It was a blatant,
direct and precise lie and a defamation
of Elon Musk because she clearly said
Elon Musk called upon the mob to hunt
down foreigners.
So absolutely appalling and outrageous.
And I want to go a little bit into the
question who the ZDF actually is. That
is very important. The ZDF is not a
small little TV station. It is not PBS
in the United States. It is not anything
that exists in the United States because
the United States doesn't have that
massive of a state and government
organized propaganda arm. The United
States is still defined by a relatively
free press, by a broad spectrum of
mainstream and alternative media. We can
have all kinds of complaints about Fox
News being, of course, totally biased.
We can have all kinds of complaints
about MSNBC and CNN being total jokes.
We can have complaints about the New
York Times being a propaganda outlet,
but all of them are not propaganda
outlets of the state. Maybe the state
influences it. Maybe there's a lot of,
you know, levers being pulled in the
background, but they are much more
propaganda outlets of their owners, of
their personal preferences, of a click
of crazy journalists or something. They
are definitely propaganda outlets for
their advertisers as we saw in COVID. So
in the US we have a lot of corruption
going on. We have a lot of abuse of the
media as enormous levers of undue
influence in elections. But the
difference is it is capitalism. It's a
free marketplace. Everyone is allowed to
lie and cheat and skew the opinion. But
everyone is allowed to do that. So
everyone does it. So it kind of balances
each other out. And we have people like
Joe Rogan, like Taka Carson, like
everyone out there. Uh the Young Turks,
we have Breaking Points, we have all
these new and of course they're all
biased. That's kind of their job. But
they are all out there and creating a
highly dynamic marketplace of opinion,
of propaganda, of ideas. And that is
good. That's the only way to get
somewhere, right? Because no one is
neutral. Everyone has opinions. Where it
becomes a problem is in Germany when you
have a massive massive governmentont
controlled media landscape
that just destroys the free market
because it is actually forcefunded
by the citizens. So yes, Germany has
kind of a free media market. Well,
there's a lot of censorship, hardcore
censorship going on that doesn't exist
in the United States because Germany has
all kinds of censorship laws which is a
little insane. Germany, you should
change that. Cannot like put people in
prison for thinking things. Uh that's
not free speech and that's extremely
bad. But on top of that, it is not a
free market if you have a public
broadcasting infrastructure funded with
over 10 billion euros per year. Let that
sink in. 10 billion in raw cash being
put into that. Sure, then you have a
free market around it. But if you have
one competitor who gets 10 billion for
lying every year and everyone else gets
zero from the government and has to earn
their money, plus these government
broadcasters can also earn on top of
that money with advertising. So you're
completely skewing the market and that
is just not okay, especially if these
turns into massive propaganda outlets.
So here you see the German market
landscape, media market landscape. And
what you see is here's the biggest
television stations in Germany. The ZDF
have has 15 15.3% market share of the
entire German market. Okay, that is 2.3
percentage points more than the second
ARD.
And here comes the surprise. ARD is also
governmentowned.
So together ZDF and RID have a stunning
28% nearly a third
of market share of the entire German
media market. Then you have RTL which is
Bertles man I think you have said one
you have Vox proven these are all uh
private these are all private that's
fine right not that they're not biased
but they are private that is fine these
two are funded by the citizens and the
citizens are forced to fund it by the
way not through taxes it gets even worse
you think oh at least it's not taxpayer
funded you're right it is not taxpayer
funded it is funded through a forcing
mechanism outside taxation where you
force the German citizens to pay €18 per
month to these propaganda outlets and
you're being forced otherwise you go to
jail. It's not a tax, it's a forced TV
fee or whatever you call it.
Uh the GE set
knocks on your door and says you didn't
pay your propaganda fee this month. Very
very bad. you're bad citizen. So this is
outrageous. There are political parties
like the AFD who want to dismantle this
insanity. And of course when you look at
the governance board of the ZDF and RD,
it's only CDU and SPD people controlling
this. So the, you know, the two largest
parties, let that sink in. The two
largest parties of Germany control
explicitly in a board control the
content. They say, "Oh, we should not
allow coverage of our opposition in the
media." I mean, it's just 28% of the
entire media landscape we control here.
We should tell everyone the AFD, for
example, is really, really bad. These
are right-wing extremists. So, it is
very, very bad. And when we look at the
propaganda level, I'm just telling you
these things as a context for Elon's
lawsuit and why Elon's lawsuit is
received by the German population with
such a uh excitement because if you're
German, if you're a little bit
enlightened German, the 30 to 40% of
Germans who have had it, especially in
the East, who have had their fair share
of extreme propaganda in communist
Germany before, who are wisening up to
this whole thing and say, "Are you
kidding me? houses different from the
GDR from the German Democratic Republic
as the communist regime was calling
itself. So the eastern parts are really
fed up with this and say stop this
madness. Don't don't tell us what we
have to think.
And uh so here you know for example
here's a lawsuit by the AFD against the
ARD and ZTF.
uh they for example
the public broadcasting service in
Germany they're using fake artificial
intelligence videos here to distort uh
reporting they are for example used uh
reporting on Trump on ICE on the ICE
raids in the United States and they
showed AI generated video how brutal and
mean ICE was.
Now, you can debate if ICE was a little
uh inelegant how they did that, but you
can't use fake videos AI generated to
propagandize the German population into
believing that there's some Nazi
uprising in the United States happening.
So, not just is this blatant propaganda,
it's also bad low IQ slop propaganda at
this point. And thank thanks to the AFD
they are actually now uh you know trying
to do something about it but it's always
like in Germany of course then the AD
and CDF says oh these are right-wing
extremist of course I want to paint us
as manipulators that is why it's so
important that an external party now
with Elon Musk is coming in and says
wait a moment this is really bad and I
want to share you one more statistic to
show you how ridiculous
ridiculous the levels of propaganda and
are in the German government TV which
again to remind you is 28% of the entire
media consumption on TV in Germany
here one of my favorite charts look at
this chart what does this chart show you
on the left the light blue what you see
the light blue so down here you see the
different parties in Germany the CDU
chancellor Mertz the worst chancellor in
history. And of course, the party of
Chancellor Merkel. Oh, sorry. Mertz
wasn't the worst chancellor in history.
Merkel opened the borders. She was in
charge of this whole thing. So, Merkel
and Mertz, both CDU, can you believe it?
Hey, on this channel, we do something
very important. We deeply analyze,
understand, and predict capital, AGI,
and politics. Not just to beat the
markets and make a lot of money, even
though that's important, but also to
build a new society and make the future
good for all of us, the pioneers. If you
want to help me on this journey, you can
do that by doing a very simple thing.
Like and subscribe. It helps me a lot.
Thank you so much for your support. And
let's get back to the video. The
so-called conservatives. Conservatives
who want to destroy their own country,
open the borders, create coalitions with
far leftwing extremists like the Greens.
All good. Great conservatives here like
the Tories in the UK. Like the rhinos.
These are mega rhinos. If you think you
have seen a rhino, uh, welcome to the
CDU. So, the CDU, okay,
SPD, the greens, my favorites, the
linker. I'm actually not that hostile to
the linker. The linker are hardcore
communists. The linker are uh the
inheritors of the sed. This is literally
the party that came out of a communist
dictatorship that killed thousands
likely tens of thousands of people.
Dissident got shot and murdered. Uh they
shot people at the wall. They built the
Berlin wall. So it's a very nice party.
Merkel had a lot to do with that, by the
way. We'll get to this in another video.
But what I like about the linker is at
least they are clear and open about
their intentions. They make no no big
fuss out of it. They don't try to
conceal that they want to destroy
Germany. They say Germany has to go.
Germany is bad. We're going to destroy
it. And I have a certain respect for
that. If you're a hardcore communist and
you say you want to destroy our
countries, at least you're honest.
better than the CDU who wants the same
thing but disguises themselves as
conservatives. So yeah, Dinka,
I mean, whatever you think about them,
at least they're honest. Then the FTP,
which is not even a thing, and uh the
BSW, which is an interesting party, and
then we have the AFD,
the largest party now in Germany by
polling, uh close to 30% in the latest
polls. but
considered the right-wing extremists
because in Germany, you know, democracy
means to call 30% of the entire
population
and the largest party in the country
right-wing extremists and not never ask
the question why people might vote for
them, why everyone's joining them, why
the right-wing extremists are led by a
Goldman Sachs banker who's a lesbian who
lives in Switzerland with a Sri Lankan
girlfriend. So it's not like the most
typical Nazi party if you ask me. But
what are we talking about here? We are
talking about
the share of these parties in talk shows
in ARD and ZDF. So we are basically
talking in this chart and this is very
important. Look at this chart and you
understand what the hell is going on
there. It's ridiculous. We are looking
at the percentage of talk shows
and zitz and so the the percentage mind
share in the talk shows in the
government broadcasting services of
party members of these parties and what
you see here is 40% of the total share
of talk show participation is CDU
25% is SPD okay the greens are 15% the
linker are 8.6% the FDP are 4.7% the BSW
is 2.8% and the AFD is 2.8%.
So the AFD is invited 2.8% of the total
share of these of all the political talk
shows in 2025 across all of the outlets
of these public broadcasting services.
Okay, you might say, well fine, what is
the big deal here?
You see the parliamentary seats, the
parliamentary seats, not even the polls
where they are much higher the AFD, just
the actual parliamentary seats in the
Bundustag in the parliament. The
representation of the parties by the
people in the official German
parliament.
Do you spot the problem?
So, the largest party is the CDU right
now with 33% not in the polls anymore.
They're totally destroyed. But in the
parliament, they are the largest party.
They have 33% of the seats and
representation in the parliament and
they get 40% of the mind share. Hm. The
second largest party is the AFD with
24%.
And they get 2.8%.
So you see this whole thing is a total
joke.
The only other party who gets less mind
share than its seats is the linker
because the linker is also a little bit
bashed by the bigger parties because
it's a left-wing extremist party. But
still, that's not fair towards the
linker, right? It's just not fair. If
you have 10% of the seats, you should
also get 10% of representation in
government media. Why do they get less?
This is not opinion. I'm not a friend of
communists. I think they should get more
representation in the media that matches
their representation and their votes by
the people. It's called democracy.
But this here is a complete joke. This
here tells you that this whole thing
needs to get dismantled and is just a
blatant propaganda outlet. If you use if
you give the party that has 24% of the
seats in the parliament 2% or 3% 2.8% 8%
of air time. Something is severely wrong
with you. Something is really wrong with
you. You should get defunded and kicked
out as evil little propagandists.
Okay, of course in Germany this is very
hard to achieve. And so let's go back to
actually the Elon case. So what is Elon
doing right? What is Elon doing? He
hired Steinhu who is Yakim Steinhu who
is a pretty good lawyer and he has
experiences with this kind of stuff and
he already labeled the first outcome of
his motion to take this stuff down as a
great victory.
So the liableist defamation of Mr. Mas
by ZDF was journalistically completely
unjustifiable as we just saw. I showed
you the real you know the real cut. Uh
I'm pleased by our successful
enforcement of the cease and desist
undertaking.
So they have a first victory here
against
against the ZDF and Steinhur who is
Steinhur who is the lawyer that Elon got
Elon is very effective in these things.
Um
Steinhur before already made some good
comments. So that was in June 11th
before that. um murderous migrants
beheading innocent people in their
hometown is what's making people angry,
not social media. That was a response by
Elon to some insane British government
people. I think it was even Kama, I
don't know who, uh who said the problem
with the Ireland riots where people
start getting extremely angry is X. If
we could only censor the rapes and
murders and beheadings that are
happening in our streets, we wouldn't
have these problems. The problem is X.
The problem is social media because if
people wouldn't know that everyone gets
murdered, we would live in peace
together except for the people who get
murdered, which is an increasing number
of people. Elon in response said, "No,
it is not social media. It is the fact
that murderous migrants behead innocent
people in their hometown.
And then Steinhov said, let me do
translation so I don't have to do it. In
this way, Elon Musk very aptly sums up
the entire debate about the supposedly
so dangerous social media, although they
are dangerous indeed for those who fail
politically and for those who fear
criticism of power. Exactly. So long
story short, we know that Steinhovville
is the right man. He has a good track
record. He also said he also said that
he will not stop here. He will actually
investigate every every defamation that
happened against Elon Musk in Germany in
the German media. And that's not just
the CTF, it's the ARD. It's also some of
the privates who think they're, you
know, out of reach of Elon, but not so
fast. If you lie about Elon or other
people, you should get punished for
that. You're violating your journalistic
honor and duty and you should be
penalized. And if you're a government
TV, that should be true even more. So,
what is going to happen now? Who's going
to win this? I'm pretty sure Steinhov
and Elon are going to win this and I
hope Steinhov makes true on his promise
to go after everyone over the last three
years, whatever the statute of
limitations is, and make sure that
everyone is brought to justice who
spreads lies and defamation about Elon
and ideally
also if they spread lies and defamation
about other people.
What I like about this whole thing, you
know, why why this is so important, a
lot of Germans are very fed up. Not just
Germans, a lot of Europeans all over the
place. UK is probably the ultimate
battleground because they are the regime
is the most brutal in cracking down on
free speech and dissident by far worse
than Germany. And I think Germany is
pretty far along in having a lot of
people angry about this whole situation.
They have had it. And of course you know
that I have a strong belief in East
Germany because the East Germans are
more educated in democracy and in
propaganda simply because they lived
under a communist regime that was pretty
clearly abusive that was insane levels
of state propaganda and they lived
through that change in 1990 where they
saw the two systems in comparison. So
they are much more trained and much more
suspicious when people tell them lies.
And you see the most COVID resistance,
the most migrant resistance, the most
all these resistances in East Germany.
And of course the AFD much stronger in
East Germany. And so that is the engine
of change, the engine of democracy and
awareness. It's also the first German
the first German generation ever in
German history by the way that
successfully completed a revolution
which is very important because the
Germans always had this issue that they
never succeeded in a revolution. So they
were always like oh we should just
follow orders and the East Germans in
1990 were the first ones who went on the
street and brought the system down. Of
course there was a lot of tailwinds and
all kinds of stuff happening from the
Soviet Union but it doesn't matter. They
went on the street, they won. And that
changes the perception. That gives the
East Germans much more the feeling like,
wait a moment, we are the people in a
real democracy. The people should
decide. And that is something not yet
that hasn't reached the West Germans.
That they are actually in charge. That
the state cannot just do stuff with you.
The state is your servant. The state is
your employee. Mer is your employee. If
he's stupid, he should get fired. if
he's a criminal, he should go to jail.
And that is especially true if they are
public servants. So the East Germans are
much more ahead with that. But it's now
more and more also trickling down into
West Germany. Of course, there are smart
people both in East and West Germany.
And they're also courageous people on
both sides. And that is spreading now.
Also, thanks to Elon and X, by the way,
because X gives everyone a voice. Also
in Germany, there's a big German
speaking X trend going on. And most
importantly, more and more German
influencers actually also start posting
in English because they realize that a
lot of people are interested in Germany.
There's a lot of support for German
alternative thinking out there much more
than in Germany. And so more and more
actually switch also to English or
double uh do do bilingual posts. So
that's very good. So what do we see
here? There is some uh interesting uh
interesting indications that are in line
with what we also see in the United
States and many other European countries
that the youth the youth is actually the
ones that are most against this whole
propaganda system. The mediatina uh
future index Germany uh in August asked
3,25
representative people ages 16 plus only
31% trust the programs of these
government outlets in the youngest group
16 to 29 just a quarter one in four says
they trust these people. So 75% three in
four three in four 15 out of 20 say no
way no way uh by party SPD voters 49%
uh believe you know SPD voters what what
do you expect social democrats say oh
yeah give me more propaganda
even with social democrats only 49% with
the CDU same thing as social democrats
40% with the greens 38%
AFD
15%. So there you see the problem why
the AD is not invited to these talk
shows because they are not fans. But
that's not how a government should work.
So I think this is very good news. I
think Elon is again on a winning streak.
This is easy easy winning for Elon. And
it's also important by the way to fight
back. You cannot just take it lying
down. So Elon is doing exactly the right
thing. They literally called him someone
who calls upon the Irish people to go in
the streets and hunt down migrants. That
is what they literally said. And if you
don't sue them for it, if you don't make
it a big deal, then 28% of Germans will
just take that and say, "Oh, clearly
Elon is evil." Because clearly he's
telling people to kill other people.
If you don't fight lies, you can't
escape them. They're coming after you.
So, you have to fight them. That is what
Elon is doing. I want to thank Elon for
doing that. It liberates Germany from a
propaganda media construct that is just
horrifying and horrible. That is the
main reason why there is so little
change in Germany. And now that there
are cracks in the system, lawsuits like
this can make a huge difference. So,
thank you Elon. Keep up the good fight.
Do not let people defame you. Go after
them hard because it's not just about
defending you, which is important. It's
about liberating these countries from an
oppressive and ridiculous
anti-democratic system of propaganda.
Thank you, Elon. Thank you for viewing
this and watching this a little politics
on the side. And I hope to see you very
soon.