Channel:     electrified
Title:       New Cybercab Specs Are Awesome & Concerning Anti-Tesla Development ⚡️
URL:         https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=57ERcbzf3pI
Published:   2026-06-15 21:04 UTC
Fetched:     2026-06-15 22:00 UTC

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Welcome to Electrified. It's your host,
Dylan Lumis. Last week, what I thought
were allergies turned out to be a sinus
infection. So, that was the reason for
my absence. And for the rest of this
week, I will be traveling out of town.
So, the next electrified upload should
be Monday the 22nd. And as you might
guess, I'm already eager to get back in
the swing of things. So, we'll kick off
a quick one today with Tesla
highlighting that the Cyber Cab has
received the EPA certificate of
conformity. So, the vehicle meets all
federal Clean Air Act emission
standards, which means it can now
legally be sold or introduced into US
commerce. Now, let me just say we know
it's a bit more complicated and involved
than that given this is a fully
autonomous vehicle and states may have
something to say. However, from a
federal emission standpoint, the Cyber
Cab now officially clears every single
hurdle and is ready from that standpoint
to be sold in the US. And assuming the
sale of the Cyber Cab to customers will
be without a wheel and pedals, remember
what Elon said? He was asked when he
thinks FSD unsupervised will reach
customer cars in the US. He said, "I'm
just guessing, but probably in the
fourth quarter." It's difficult to
release this to everyone everywhere all
at once because we do want to make sure
there are not unique situations in the
city. I think we would release
unsupervised gradually to the customer
fleet as we feel like a particular
geography is confirmed to be safe which
begs the question does confirmed to be
safe meaning they have to do robo taxi
level testing before releasing
unsupervised to the customers? That's
possible. A quick aside, I vibecoded
another dashboard. No, this is not a
sponsored segment or anything like that,
but I'm redoing the prediction tracker I
started years ago. Going back through
that, the problem was many of those
predictions were from Mary Bar and the
like making ridiculous promises that
never came to fruition, but really it's
not signal at this point. It's just
noise. So, I wanted to start over with
predictions largely from Elon, which
will actually be needle movers for Tesla
and SpaceX. So, right now, I only have
15 total predictions tracked. Nine of
which for Tesla, six of which are for
SpaceX. And you can choose just the
Tesla predictions or just those from
SpaceX. And I'm not going to walk
through this entire dashboard. We'll
talk more about it in time. But to make
things easy for everybody as I will
continue to build out some more
dashboards like this. I also vibecoded a
simple website for myself. It's just
dummus.com. So if you wanted to bookmark
that, if you scroll down a bit, you will
see all of these dashboards that I'm
building out. many of which will be for
Tesla and/or SpaceX. And on that point,
I'm continuing to iterate with the robo
taxi tracker. I did remove the number of
vehicles from the Bay Area because I
decided I want to go unsupervised true
robo taxis only to make it an applesto
apples comparison with Whimo. And rather
than relying on the unofficial
third-party tracker, we're now going to
be pulling the number daily from the
Texas DMV website. And if you missed it,
Tesla does currently have 69 vehicles
registered for the robo taxi service in
Austin. And when you click this box on
the tracker, you'll get this popup with
more information. So you can see the
first reading, when it was, how many
vehicles have been added since then with
the percentage growth, and we'll have
the graph so you can see the progress
over time. And just while we're here, we
did get the incident information for the
month of May. So Tesla only had one new
incident, bringing us to 18 total since
the service launched. But now we're up
to eight of those incidents where the
Tesla vehicle was stopped. And the one
incident Tesla added for May, the Tesla
vehicle was stopped in traffic in the
left turn only lane with a solid red
left arrow light. A pickup truck
approached the rear of the stopped
vehicle and ultimately the pickup truck
ended up rear ending the Tesla vehicle
at the light. The Tesla vehicle had a
safety monitor present in the vehicle
with no passengers. And unfortunately
for these incidents, they don't give us
dates. They just give us the month they
happened. And again, once that new
official information is released, it
then automatically gets added to this
tracker. So again, it's just dlumis.com.
It'll be linked below. You can click on
dashboards. It'll take you right to that
part of the page. And now you'll have a
one-stop shop for all of these Tesla and
SpaceX dashboards that I plan to build
out. Tesla also shared that the Cyber
Cab's charge depleting range was over
418 miles, and the highway miles for
charge depletion rate was just over 375.
Now, of course, these charge depletion
tests are done in perfect lab conditions
on the dynamometer test. However, it's
also true that we've recently seen some
Tesla vehicles like the Model 3
significantly exceed the listed EPA
range numbers, which for the Cyber Cab
in these documents is listed at 280 mi
with a battery pack size around 50 kwatt
hours. But with that said, in those lab
conditions, if you take the 53 kwatt
hours of the recharge event energy,
meaning the energy that was added back
to the pack and that 418 mile figure,
that's over 7.8 m per kilowatt hour in
those lab settings, which is unheard of.
Also interesting, in the filing, it said
that the vehicle was front-wheel drive,
as we expected, but they did have a
drive mode while tested as all-wheel
drive in some entries. But the document
does say regenerative braking remains
front wheels only. So that's one
discrepancy to watch. The front-wheel
drive verse all-wheel drive. We'll see
what happens with production versions in
time. But the Cyber Cab is now even
further along in becoming a federally
recognized vehicle being prepared for
sale. And in the documents, they said it
will have an expected useful life of
150,000 mi, but I think that'll end up
on the low side. And the documents list
the weight of the Cyber Cab at 3,113
lb, which is around 1,200 lb lighter
than some variants of the Model Y. But
we can now be quite confident that the
battery pack for the Cyber Cab will be
in the neighborhood of 50 kwatt hours
usable capacity. And the Cyber Cabs
continue to pile up. Here in this video
from Spencer in Dallas, there are around
50 Cyber Cabs sitting in the lot, but
the word is they all still have steering
wheels. and Airwave shared some photos
of the test track being built at Giga
Austin, but they also shared a flyover
of the parking lot. And in that image,
you can see over 80 cyber cabs in the
lot. And the word coming from Joe
Tetmier is there may be over 1,000 cyber
cabs now out testing in the wild. So
that important hurdle for the cyber cab
is now officially cleared and the
numbers are looking as good, if not
better, than we were actually expecting.
So that of course is great news. But on
the other hand, we still have all of
these cyber cabs with steering wheels
and pedals, which leads me to believe
it's going to be at least another few
weeks of this testing phase. Most of you
guys here have already seen the Plaude
Note Pin S, the sponsor of this video.
And because so many of you were
interested in that, they gave me the
opportunity to talk about the Note Pro.
And the Note Pro is more for meetings or
recording phone calls, which I'll show
you in a second. And as you can see, it
has a very thin, slim profile. and that
same onebutton activation.
&gt;&gt; And uh yeah, I mean it's it's hot out
right now. I mean, we've been we've been
hit the pool.
&gt;&gt; And when that call is done, you just
click the button once or end the
recording right in the Plot app on your
phone and then within seconds it's
uploaded into the cloud. You get a full
transcript of the conversation. You get
a summary of the convo and you get the
actual audio recording of the entire
conversation if you wanted to listen
back to the whole thing. And just so you
can get a sense of the quality, here you
go. you know, like 90s 90s every day in
sun, which is uh which is all good with
me.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, I've been seeing like heatwave
warnings.
&gt;&gt; So, clearly it picked up me and the
person on the phone and that was not on
speaker phone. That was just a regular
phone conversation. And one of my
favorite things, the automatic summary
that you get these conversation threads.
So, if I wanted to go back and remember
what we talked about the last time we
were on the phone, you have these bullet
points to jog your memory. And don't
forget the ask plot AI feature. So, if
I'm trying to remember something, I
could say, "Where was his golf trip?"
And based on the conversation, the
upcoming golf trip is to Colola.
Correct. And I really have been using
these devices nearly every day. The only
reason there's a gap this past week is
because I had a sinus infection all
week, so I wasn't talking to anyone, nor
did I have any energy to do my usual
brainstorming sessions. So, both the
Plaude Note Pins and the Note Pro, I
think, are excellent tools, quite
affordable, and the software to go with
them will continually get better with
time. And I know many of you guys are
like me. You have conversations about
business or life. And sometimes you try
to remember exactly what was said or
when that conversation happened, and now
all of that guesswork is completely off
the table. You have this sortable
cloud-based database that you can comb
through with the help of AI to organize
all of your thoughts and relationships
and conversations and meeting notes in
one place. So, the note-taking days with
pen and paper are over. So, as always,
if you guys want to check them out and
support the channel, I'll have all of my
links with the discounts and everything
in the description below. Enjoy.
Shifting to supervised FSD, we have a
video that is apparently leaked that's
making its rounds of Tesla's FSD in
China. This video was supposed to make
it to Tesla's official page in China.
There were, of course, some very
impressive clips in that small segment.
I would imagine Tesla's waiting to post
that officially until the time when they
get that broader approval for FSD in
China, which according to the Tesla team
could happen as soon as Q3 this year. At
the same time, today we got this from
Reuters, which is mostly a nonsense
article, but there's a reason I'm
sharing. They're saying Tesla presented
misleading FSD safety data to European
regulators. The RDW that did some
extensive testing with supervised FSD
said it does not rely on marketing
claims or external stats to make
decisions and performs its own test
analyses and verifications both on
public roads and on test tracks which is
what they did with Tesla and it's why
they approved supervised FSD. So we know
we've seen the data. The RDW collected a
lot of data and validated tested and
audited all of that data. But now
certain people I'll mention shortly have
some problems with what Tesla presented
in its safety data saying things like
FSD could have saved 32,000 lives and
prevented 1.9 million injuries. And now
we have researchers interviewed saying
those figures are highly misleading
because they're based on the unrealistic
assumption that every US vehicle
including freight trucks and crash prone
motorcycles would be replaced by an FSD
enabled Tesla car and that every Tesla
car is at least seven times safer than
the one it replaces. But this entire
thing is a hypothetical and the only
point of it is to show what would be
possible with this technology
proliferating the roads. But look, I've
already said in the past Tesla
definitely takes some liberties with its
safety data, and I'm not saying they're
lying or anything like that, but they're
also going to pick and choose and
cherrypick data to make it look as safe
as possible. One of those moves is
comparing its vehicles to the average US
vehicle, which is much older than the
average Tesla. But the reason I'm even
saying any of this, the European
Transport Safety Council, ETSC, a
spokesperson from their group said
they're certainly concerned Tesla
presented unreliable safety data from
the US to regulators in Sweden. And he
said, "If Tesla wants to make safety
claims, they should give the data to a
university, have it independently
verified by a qualified researcher, and
then let's talk." I have an idea. Let's
talk about the ETSC. you know, the group
that just sent letters to transport
ministers of almost every EU member
state urging the ministers to seek
answers and evidence to several key
questions related to FSD. So basically,
all of the EU member states that have
not yet already approved FSD got this
letter. In the opening paragraph, they
say, "We urge you not to recognize
Tesla's FSD until a short set of
questions has been answered in public
and by someone other than Tesla and
until there's meaningful real world
safety evidence from Dutch Roads." Well,
wait a second. There already is
meaningful evidence out there. This
right here is from the RDW itself.
That's an organization that's not Tesla.
And they said FSD has been extensively
examined and tested for more than one
and a half years on our test track and
on public roads. And they said using
Tesla's FSD makes a positive
contribution to road safety. Back to the
ETSC letter, they say, "Has the system
been independently shown to both improve
safety and not introduce new risks?" And
they're saying the RDW's claim that it
makes the road safer has no public
evidence to back it up. But the truth is
it actually does because it's done
millions of miles in testing and now in
actual customer deployments. Then the
ETSC asks, why are these countries being
asked to adopt a system that US federal
authorities are investigating right now?
Just to oversimplify, I can easily tell
you why. A system doesn't have to be
perfect to already meaningfully improve
the safety of the roads. Enter Tesla's
FSD. Because let's not forget, it is
still supervised. So think about this.
What the European Transportation Safety
Commission is now arguing is that the
Netherlands, Lithuania, Estonia,
Denmark, and Belgium, well, all the
regulators there don't actually know
what they're doing and they're doing a
poor job. But the reality is the ETSC
and its backers and donors and funders
are quite frankly scared of supervised
FSD getting this broader approval. So,
it's doing everything it can to slow
down all of the other countries from
adopting Tesla's FSD. And why do I think
that? Well, if you look at the corporate
partners for the ETSC, you'll find
Toyota Motor Europe, you know, a company
that has no plan to compete with Tesla's
path to autonomy. Or how about this
member, the German Road Safety Council.
And obviously, the German Road Safety
Council works very closely with
companies like Mercedes and BMW and VW,
who are all apparently working on their
own autonomous driving platforms. But as
we know, none of them come close to the
capability of Tesla's FSD. So clearly,
two of the biggest members and corporate
partners have pretty clear incentives to
slow down Tesla however they can. But
truly, if I was a regulator in any of
these five companies where supervised
FSD is approved, I would be offended
that the ETSC is basically saying, "Hey,
did you guys even consider this
incredibly basic list of questions?" And
we know Germany has plenty of influence
over there. And we know most of their
homegrown players over there are
pursuing this multi-ensor extra
redundancy type path. So if Tesla's only
vision FSD gets this broad approval
across all of the EU, then their
homegrown players are now going to have
some serious questions to answer. And
sure, some people will argue, "Oh,
they're just being safe. They don't want
to rush out the new technology." But
guys, come on now. Anybody that's
actually used Tesla's FSD knows that the
roads are much safer with it than
without it. I'd go as far as to say even
if nobody was supervising the software,
which I'm not recommending. I'm just
saying if every Tesla vehicle had FSD
deployed and it was responsible for all
of the driving, the accident rates and
the severity of those accidents would
still be meaningfully lower than if
humans were driving. And you guys know I
still have complaints about the system
as it is today. So, we'll see how these
other countries respond, but in my
opinion, the panic is very clearly
setting in. And I said I have my
frustrations with 14.3, so I want to
show you a few clips. Even though I know
14.3.4 is now rolling out, and the early
reviews are very good. We can't forget
Elon called 3 a banger, and in my
experience, it was not. Here's the first
clip. Driving FSD going 50 mph as a
school bus approaches with its left turn
signal on. Note, that's all that's on.
This bus was not stopping to let kids
out, but FSD started slowing down way
back here and got all the way down to
around 5 m an hour before I got on the
accelerator to keep going through. But
again, the bus was just looking to make
a left turn. FSD should not have been
breaking at all. The parking lot
behavior for me has been unusable. It
should have been parking somewhere on
the right in this golf course parking
lot, but for whatever reason, FSD
decided to go for a scenic drive and
ended up driving onto the golf course on
what eventually turns into the cart
path, but I stopped it and didn't let it
proceed. And just so you know, all of
these clips were from about 1 week of
driving. But here was a traditional,
very easy four-way stop. You can see
they have their own stop sign right
there. But for some reason FSD started
pulling out and then stopped in the
middle of the intersection. And just to
show you, here's the other angle looking
at the left hand side. Certainly no
reason whatsoever to stop, but it creeps
out and then just sits there with its
nose in that lane. And this one is the
main reason I wouldn't even use DOT 3
with passengers in the car because of
the brake stabbing. here for that bird.
It stopped and went from around 45 down
to 30. So, going back, you'll see we're
going 44 and this bird right here causes
FSD to slam on the brakes and within a
second or two, we go all the way down
under 30, which doesn't look like
anything in the video, but you guys know
this is one where if you have something
on your seats, well, it's ending up on
the floor. And if a passenger was in the
car, they would absolutely be jarred and
wonder what's going on. Now, this one is
a little different. I just want to show
you what my Tesla captured on camera.
Yes, a transformer blew up and I got to
see the arcing process right behind me
in real time. So, this was certainly an
unexpected surprise as I was waiting for
Ashley to come out of the store. But it
really is so cool to have your car
surrounded with cameras to capture
things like this. But far and away, my
biggest complaint is the parking. Here
we were in a parking garage with an easy
exit. It should have just been a right
and a right and we're out and on the
road. But instead, it ends up going
left. And I'm not going to play the
whole clip, but just to go through it,
we go all the way through the garage and
out. And then, oh, yep, we were already
starting over here. So, now we went all
the way that way. Now, we're going back
to where we started. And then it decides
to go back into the garage. Keep in
mind, we're trying to get out onto the
highway at this point. But, I decide to
let it go. And it goes back toward where
we started. And then I say, "Okay, it's
going to figure it out." second time
around goes to the other side of the
garage heading for the exit. Heading for
the exit and it finds the exit, but no,
it was going to go right again and get
stuck in a loop when all along we just
needed to make a simple left and exit.
So, I know those are all negative and
again 99% of the time it's incredible.
It drove Ashley and I through very poor
rainy conditions just like this and
arguably worse for over an hour
flawlessly. I just wanted to share some
of my data about why I was not so hot on
DOT3. And that's why I'm at where I'm
at. When I see Elon called DOT3 a banger
and I get my expectations up and then
that is my experience in a nutshell, it
just makes it harder and harder for me
to take him at his word. And I really
should have been recording more of my
parking lot clips because we're talking
parking situations where it's not even
in the right parking lot. But as I said,
14.3.4 is rolling out. Many people are
raving about it, but if there's a reason
it won't go wide, I'm guessing it's
because some people are still having
problems and even regressions when it
comes to navigation and missing exits on
the highway. And once again, in my
experience with DOT 3, the navigation is
the worst it's ever been. And as it
turns out, Tesla is going to do the same
prefab installs for the Tesla
semi-chargers as they do for the regular
superchargers. this thanks to the filing
of the pre-assembled Mega Charger unit
detail. So instead of Tesla spending
weeks trenching and pouring concrete and
connecting these high voltage bus bars
out in the field, Tesla will do most of
that at the factory. So once these units
arrive on site, they're already complete
and the unit just needs to be dropped
into a slot in the parking lot,
connected to the grid, and turned on.
And as we've covered, this not only
makes the whole process much faster, but
it makes it cheaper. And we know for the
Tesla Semi to be adopted at scale, the
faster and the more affordable this
infrastructure gets built out, the
better. So that's where I'm going to
leave it for today. I have a lot of
things I need to do before I leave for a
few days. But like I said, the plan is
to be much more back to normal starting
Monday next week. So enjoy your mini
break from electrified. Don't forget,
check out Plaude links below, the Note
Pro or the Note Pin S. I really do use
one or the other almost daily. Hope you
all have a wonderful day and week. And a
huge thank you to all of my Patreon
supporters.