Channel:     futureaza
Title:       The Real Reason Tesla Gets So Much Negative Coverage
URL:         https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nKItKcF2rP8
Published:   2026-05-30 18:00 UTC
Fetched:     2026-05-30 19:00 UTC

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

The media hates Tesla. Is it because
they hate all things Elon? Is it because
they're chasing clicks? Or is someone
paying for an agenda to stick it to the
man? In this case, the man who would
almost be a trillionaire even if one of
his companies failed. He could still be
the richest man alive. If one of them
failed, if perhaps even two of them
failed, it's getting a bit out of hand.
So surely there must be some super dark
secret agenda. I've been asked this
question many times and I've been told
the answer, but it didn't quite fit. So,
I dug a little deeper to try and find
out the truth. And we're going to go
through it today. I got my buddy Herbert
here from Brighter. He's got his own
channel. I'm sure you folks know that,
but if you don't, you can check him out.
Herbert is at uh Brighter with Herbert
and he's going to make us precisely that
today if we're lucky, but we'll find
out. I'm Brian. Welcome to Futurazza.
You've heard this story before, Herbert.
Why does Tesla get such negative
coverage? You've heard some theories.
What theories have you heard? Well, I
think the big one, of course, was uh
brand damage. People hate Elon. First,
they loved him, then they hated him,
depending on what political party, but
Elon became political and they he helped
get the Republicans, you know, Trump
elected. And that is the primary hatred.
Now, that just happened in the last two
years, right? Two or three years ago
that that happened. But prior to that,
it's always been a lightning rod uh for
some reason. And I I don't understand
because it's all about for me looking at
business and impact to the world net
net. Now, Elon himself does not have a
filter. He will say things. If you go
back to the Twitter days, he has said
everything you can, the worst things you
could possibly say, even before he got
super political. So, you're always going
to rub somebody on the wrong side when
he's very opinionated about that like
that. Uh but yeah, the hatred for Tesla
of course I I always thought initially
in the early years that it was
associated with you know here's a person
who is uh going to destroy
the oil industry,
&gt;&gt; the auto industry, the you know you name
the the the the people who feel like you
know the owner of the gas station is so
upset at you you know everybody in that
industry is very upset and uh I always
thought that that was it you know the
journalist But I think it's gone way
beyond that at this point.
&gt;&gt; Mhm. So in those early days, I would
agree that he was upsetting a lot of
industries, automotive, oil and gas, uh,
aerospace. The only thing that his
companies haven't really gotten into is
pharmaceutical and
&gt;&gt; largely biomed. Neurolink doesn't really
cut in on anyone's particular business.
And the other theory I heard is it's
because he doesn't advertise. Tesla
doesn't advertise. If they advertised,
they would get better coverage. Even if
it's not an official deal, it's like a
you scratch my back, I scratch yours.
Um, without a contract.
&gt;&gt; I see what you're saying because why are
journalists continue to write articles
that are negative on Tesla and it's
because they don't advertise. If they
advertise, you bet there is a wall
between that and so journalist integrity
allows them to write whatever they want.
But yeah, you bet that they're going to
say something about your number one
advertiser and that advertiser decides
to pull back because of an article you
wrote. You bet you'd be out of a job
next several months, you know, right
away. Well, let's take a look at some
things. This is just a Google News
search for Tesla today. Um, bunch of
stuff about a a road rage incident
that's not really about the company. Uh,
Forbes with the baffling model 2 take
shape. Stock is rising again. Europe EV
sales are helping this time from Barons.
That's a decent headline. Tesla patents
preview innovative ways to keep things
cool. These are not terrible headlines.
Um Dent
there's a recent change in in the tone
of these articles.
&gt;&gt; Sure. Sure. Uh meet the stock that is a
fraction the size of Tesla and generated
nearly 400. Come on. So these are not
bad headlines. Now, let's take a look at
today's SpaceX headlines. SpaceX has
always enjoyed favorable headlines.
Merger only a matter of time. That's
also a Tesla invest uh investment story.
These are all about the merger. Uh none
of them are negative. SpaceX wins 2.29
billion for I mean that's neutral. Um,
and what we see over and over because
you remember I did a fourmonth
longitudinal study of all these
headlines and they were ranked and uh
quantified and what I found was that
SpaceX routinely enjoys the second best
coverage. Now, why would SpaceX get good
coverage while Tesla doesn't? And to me,
it comes down to who is the audience.
But let's look at uh Starship. Now, I
did uh just pull this up. FAA ordered
SpaceX to investigate the booster
failure. Not unusual. Uh Starship test
strengthens IPO case, though hurdles
remain. Positive to neutral right there.
Starship rocket grounded. I mean, that's
negative because that's not quite You
can't ground something that hasn't
applied for a permit. That's not okay.
Uh rally continues. So there's
pretty universally good headlines and
this is just for Starship. So what I
decided to do was take another snapshot
of Starship and this is for the days of
and just after the launch where you'll
find are you finding stories about the
booster failure? Are you are they
slamming it for uh having an engine out
on the second stage? Tests it. Uh just
tests it. hits most targets. Just 12th
flight test. Oh, that's from SpaceX, but
that still shows up in the news
aggregator. Um, Scrubs Scrubs launch of
the first attempt. So, these are all
neutral to positive. So, for comparison,
I wanted to see when was peak brand
damage for Tesla. Tesla's tumbling brand
reputation from May of 25.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. And you can see that out of the
hundred most visible companies in the
world, they had once ranked really high
like top in the top 10 and as of last
May they were in fifth to last. They
were in 95th place and last May feels
about right for peak brand damage. uh
you know it was that was when we were
seeing acts of violence committed
against the sales centers, the service
centers, individuals automobiles. It was
tough. But the same poll done now shows
that uh while it's not great, it's
nowhere near as bad as it was. You've
got companies like Trader Joe's and this
is by party. So, uh, if you look at
this, is it going to it's not going to
give me thought it was interactive. I
think it was interactive last time I
loaded it, but um, this is this is
showing that Tesla's not as
objectionable as it used to be. Uh,
people have mellowed dramatically. So,
that means that is it possible they're
just chasing clicks. So, the the two
questions I'm going to be addressing
here are is it that the media is just
chasing clicks or is it that they're
chasing money? The idea of an organized
agenda uh requires a conspiracy that's
orders of magnitude too large to
conceal. Um if street level journalists
were being asked to write negative
stories, uh that would be the story they
would write is about being asked to. If
you're on a mission, which I am, you can
support it. Hey, support the mission.
This is how I get paid. I do not have
the huge YouTube presence uh of some of
the older channels. A lot of people
think that you and I make the kind of
money that you know the early first
movers made back in those days. It is
not true. Uh and if that's too much, you
can subscribe. And I know I know what
you're thinking. That looks like us,
right? But really, we actually look like
that. So, thank to Charlie for uh
adjusting that graphic for me as a
comparison before being a Tesla YouTuber
and after. So, that's I'm sorry to be
the one to tell you
no filter. Um, so yeah, that's what we
do. So, what I did, Herbert, is I looked
up the headlines from that time period,
the time period of peak hate. And what I
did is I just searched Tesla. At first I
searched just Cyber Cab, but it gave me
too many. Anyway, this is the stories
from last May uh of 2025. And they're
actually not that bad. Would you would
buying a private cyber cab or hiring out
your Tesla make sense? Elon commits to
leading Tesla for 5 years. BYD outs
sells Tesla in Europe for the first
time. That's just a fact. Elon says
autonomous taxis will be on the Austin
streets next month, by the way, the May
21st. Correct. They were. It was about a
month after this. Musk vows to put
hundreds of thousands of self-driving
Teslas on US roads by the end of next
year. Didn't Well, that's this year, so
I mean, it's still possible.
So, these are not negative headlines.
Maybe it's us. And I think that's a big
chunk of it is we end up in our own
curated bubbles on X. I know I am guilty
of it. When I see a headline that's so
egregiously, foolishly negative,
pointlessly, needlessly negative, I
can't help but respond to it. So I think
we end up seeing more negativity than
there actually is versus if we look up
CyberCap for this year. This is the same
window as the Starship launch. I I
picked the same dates as a Starship
launch. CyberCap, it's the most
efficient EV ever. That's from Fred
Lambert who normally
writes pants on head ridiculous negative
stories about Tesla. Cybercab's the most
efficient. CyberCAB has no steering
wheel by design. uh sets new benchmark
for efficiency. End of the taxi driver,
how robo taxis are quietly taking over
the world. These are all good headlines.
If there was a campaign, an organized
campaign, something coordinated, this
doesn't fit. Now, you'd said earlier
that you are of the opinion that if you
spend a bunch on advertising, you're
probably going to get good headlines. I
would ask you, do you think you see
mostly positive headlines about Amazon
or mostly negative headlines about
Amazon?
&gt;&gt; I don't know. I think it's pretty
neutral at this point.
&gt;&gt; Neutral. Okay. I think they should be
positive because Amazon spends $20
billion a year on advertising. 20
billion.
&gt;&gt; I mean, that's that's that's a lot of
money, dude. General Motors, $3.2
billion. Digging into that a little
more. Motorbiscuit. GM spends an
embarrassing amount of money on
advertising. Now, Motorbiscuit surely
gets some of it and they're still
publishing that headline. That's
embarrassing. It's hundreds of dollars
per car. Uh yeah,
it's uh ridiculous. 825 million spent on
Chevy ads during 2018 and now it's that
much more. 3.14 billion and that's in
2018. Uh yeah. So on when I was doing my
longitudinal study, what I found was
that GM got the second worst headlines
behind only Tesla and that's with at the
time in the mix I had I was pulling
Nickeola headlines and Lucid headlines
and Rivian headlines. I don't know if
Lucid Nicola was still in the mix at
that time but uh I and the big the big
three I was pulling uh but also the
Boring Company and Starship uh SpaceX.
all of those to try and create a
picture, an ongoing picture of who gets
good coverage. And Ford and GM at the
time were both spending, you know, a
billion a year in the US. And Ford was
getting vastly better headlines. Is it a
better product? Is the leadership that
much better? Not not appreciably. And
they're both spending the same amount.
I'm going tell you, it just comes back
to who's willing to click on what. And
if the sentiment has improved,
then the headlines can improve because
it's going to match whatever people
make. What do you think of that?
&gt;&gt; I think I think that's the right answer.
Uh the sentiment is what drives the
headlines. You do have to consider
though that if you look at the
journalists who are writing these
articles, the vast majority of them,
right, they used to be pro- environment
and that was what they want to support.
And then now they're anti-Tesla,
anti- Elon specifically. And so they,
you know, you can't help sometimes that
that is who you are as a writer. And so
you're going to propose that. But it
also helps if, of course, it helps if
your title says the word Tesla in it.
Does it increase more clicks?
&gt;&gt; And if you're negative versus positive,
does that increase more clicks? People
sometimes say, "Oh, Herbert, you know,
your YouTube channel, you you're
clickbait. You're just want to make
money." And I'm like, first of all, you
know, certainly if you know how YouTube
works, you don't have a good title,
people don't click. People teach you how
to write good titles to get people to
click. You don't want to lie to your
audience. And that's where if it's uh
click baiting, but the click baiting is
saying, "Hey, I found this penguin that
can fly now." And then you turn on the
video, it's got nothing to do with a
penguin flying. You just got them to
click. That's clickbait. But if you
actually show a penguin flying, truly,
&gt;&gt; it's not clickbait,
&gt;&gt; right?
&gt;&gt; You know, but but my point is that the
sentiment certainly is what they're
using, right? If people are going to
click on it. Now, if I wanted to make
more money, I would go negative on
Tesla. So people going, "No, you don't.
Why don't you you're so positive about
Tesla all the time." Well, wait. In
fact, if you if I'm doing it for money,
if I say Tesla's about to go bankrupt,
which I've seen channels do this,
Tesla's about to go bankrupt because of
their investment in Cybertruck and then
they they their channel gets 500,000
views that that that video. So, if I
really wanted to do this, I would do
negative headlines on Tesla. That gets
you me more clicks. So, that's what's
happening here. You've got people who
write negative things, they get more
clicks. Now, maybe they try to keep
doing it and they're getting less and
less clicks over the last years as you
saw a sentiment shift and now they're
going to follow that.
&gt;&gt; They're going to try to find that magic
thing. Maybe that's what's happened
recently.
&gt;&gt; I would argue that sensationalism on
either end of the spectrum will get you
clicks. I don't think it was deeply
negative to say that Tesla's making a
phone. We know that's not happening.
They've said over and over it's not
happening. Uh that is a fake positive
story. It's clickbait. It's not true. Uh
and it still made somebody rich, rich
enough that they could buy an iPhone, a
proper one. Uh and there have been other
stories like that. Oh, that Forb story
saying the model 2 is taking shape. Uh
what are you talking about? That's
definitely not a thing. And I I'm not
going to click on it because I'm not
going to reward that kind of behavior.
Now, of course, my channel engages in
what many accuse of clickbait as well.
Uh, and I do my best to keep the editor
reigned in on that, uh, to where it
remains factual. Uh, but we AB test the
headlines automatically through YouTube.
The winner wins. If you don't I would
love it if my titles could be here's
exactly what I'm talking about and
people would click it. They don't. They
don't. Human nature's human nature. It's
fairly immutable in that regard. We've
seen stories, you said, put Tesla in the
headline to get clicks where it's a Lee
Auto fire and they of course go with the
headline. Tesla competitor catches fire.
Oh, come on. Come on. Well, hey, they
probably AB tested that title as well
and it's what's sold. And I think you're
right that when an author is publishing
two, three, 10 stories a day, which some
do, they can they can see their
analytics. They can see what people are
responding to. And if the positive
stories get better reaction, then that's
the direction they will shift because at
the end of the day, the only thing the
magazine, the publisher, the print
company, the web company cares about is
eyeballs.
You know that that's the sad thing is
that it used to be that they have
integrity for facts when regardless of
regardless of headlines. I know that you
specifically you and and I do too we we
try to not lie
&gt;&gt; and not omit and share. Now, you know,
the thing that bothered me a lot was in
January where worldwide almost every
publication came out and said that
Tesla's robo taxi service is four times
worse than humans,
&gt;&gt; right?
&gt;&gt; And it came from that electric article.
I think he was the first to say that
&gt;&gt; and then everybody copied it and it went
worldwide. And then of course, why why
did they say that? Well, because there
was five incidents, five crashes. Tesla
Robbo taxi has five crashes in December
16th to January 15th. And that's what
they went with. Now, none of them
drilled down and said, "Well, what were
those five crashes?" All of them were
under four miles hour.
&gt;&gt; Four were under four miles per hour.
Half of them were not even Tesla's
fault. And they were just basically
touching a curb or or a parking lot.
They were all parking lot issues. I
think maybe one wasn't. One was, I
think, a 17 m per hour run. Maybe that
was the one in that one. But none of
them were any serious issue.
this is what they go with. Now, why did
they do that? Did they not know? Did
they purposely do this or did they just
like lemmings once one does it, they
just copy it and go forward? So, I I
don't know yet if it's a coordinated
effort. Uh but it certainly felt
coordinated that this was a chance for
companies to destroy Tesla's robo taxi
because it's so early. You embed that in
people's uh minds that there's unsafe.
This is the time to do it. do it early
as fast as possible. Now, you know, you
I've done a deep dive on the robo taxi
uh you know, success so far or safety
record. There are 17 incidents of which
seven was Tesla at fault of which
two of them the car it wasn't uh the car
the car wasn't even moving and and two
of them were uh to tell two of them were
curb rashes. Sorry. Two of them were
curb rashes
&gt;&gt; and two of them were tele operator
mistakes.
&gt;&gt; So somebody was actually teleoperating
the car and that you know all of them
were fender benders. Nothing big. So is
that four times worse than humans? you
know, and that bothered me a lot because
that went world worldwide and every
publication reported on it
&gt;&gt; and you and I went through all 17 of
them uh to to show this is absolute
nonsense that maybe one or two of them.
In almost none of them would a human
have reported it. I don't report the
times my tire touches a curb at no
speed. Why would I? That's called
parking. Okay. And I will tell you my
theory on Fred at risk of raising his
eye. Uh he loves to tell incomplete
stories to paint a picture. He's a very
smart guy. He knows where the lines are
in terms of legality. But if he says
people are reporting or this person said
this, uh he is under no obligation to
actually determine if that's true. He's
quoting. A quote is factual. So when he
says that this report called them
accidents, they're accidents. Uh if he
and
&gt;&gt; I mean no Nitsa Nissa calls them
crashes. So that is factually correct.
But it's clearly not a crash.
&gt;&gt; It's misleading.
&gt;&gt; But that's that's Nitsa's fault, not not
anybody else fault on that one.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, it it's legal. So
&gt;&gt; like recalls like recalls.
people are catching on to his game and
he recently said, "Oh, Tesla, people are
saying that Tesla's up 37% in China."
It's not. It's down 10% because they
exported. And he fortunately uh the ex
community uh ripped him to shreds on
that one. And I think that was the one
where he came out and lost his mind in
fury at me and called me a liar. And I'm
like, "No, no, no. Here's the citation.
I'm showing you what what is what is
visible and uh calling someone a liar. I
mean, Fred, that's over the line, but he
knows that I'm not a corporation that's
going to sue him. So, I mean, he's got a
mean streak a mile wide and a chip on
his shoulder uh that would make Sisphus
uh blush. So, it's fine. You know, he
used to have unfettered access to the
VIP events, to all the premium access to
he had someone he could call when he had
any question at all. And when the PR
department was scrapped, that was gone.
And he went back to being a regular
schlub like the rest of us. And that uh
and he took that personally is my
theory. There's no other explanation I
can find. and the timing lines up.
But maybe his tune will change when he
gets his two free Roadsters because he
put his referral link on every article
so he could get two free Roadsters. The
negative stories do so well because the
haters love them and we can't help
ourselves. We have to know what it is so
we can uh refute it and uh that gives it
a lot more mileage than it should get.
and then we talk about it. So, I will
take some blame on that front. That is
that's on me. But we have to address the
criticisms head on because when we
don't, we're accused of ignoring it to
to fit to pump the stock. Did you know
that, Herbert? That you and I have the
ability to move a trillion dollar stock
by even a hundth of a penny. Dear
viewers, we do not. We are under no such
illusion. So uh yeah I think the problem
is that was that the sentiment was
negative negativity sold the sentiment
is a little better that positivity sells
on SpaceX the people who watch that kind
of coverage don't go for the
sensationalism I think you'll get no
clicks on a sensational headline and uh
the world is healing
uh do you think for now for now I'll
take it guys what did we miss what do we
misunderstand leave Enter them a
comments below. And everyone else, like,
subscribe, do what you do. Do what you
do. And stay tuned. Stay juicy. And I
can't wait to hear from you clever
robots on the flippity