Channel:     jobhakdi
Title:       Why Germany's Government Could IMPLODE Within MONTHS
URL:         https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_SFBxnLnXDA
Published:   2026-08-20 10:45 UTC
Fetched:     2026-08-20 11:00 UTC

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

We live in the age of AGI and a lot of
things are happening in the world and
they often have to do with technology
but we have to remember we are still
living in countries we live in the
United States we live in the European
Union we live in these countries and
politics still matters and in these term
oil loaden laden times we are actually
encountering all kinds of important
political movements and what is
happening in Germany might actually
derail the entire EU project. Let me
explain what is going on there. In
September, very soon, we will have an
election in a small state in Germany.
It's not that small, medium-sized state
in Germany. It's called Zaxen Anhalt.
You see it here. This is where it is.
You see that state in the middle of
Germany or in the east middle middle
east the middle east of Germany. And
that state will have an election and
that election is shaping up to be the
thing that could topple or will topple
the German federal government within
months potentially and it's shaping up
more and more to be exactly what
everyone is expecting about this
situation and we want to cover that
right here. So the AFD the alternative
for Deutseland is now polling at 42 to
43% which is effectively potentially an
absolute majority because as you
probably know in Europe or in many
democracies you have these thresholds
the minimum hurdle you need to go above
and if enough parties drop out because
they can't exceed that 5% hurdle they
are not getting into parliament and then
the parliament seats are not 100% but
100% it's just 90% for example, or 95%
that is being shared among the parties
that get in, which means 43% could be
the absolute majority. And in case you
didn't follow this whole drama that is
unfolding in the heartland of Europe,
which is Germany, the most powerful
economy, the largest country in Europe
by population, and by far the most
heaviest weighted country in the
European Union, without Germany, nothing
can happen in the European Union. And
the AFD is the alternative party. And so
in that situation in Germany, you see
that a lot of of the old parties are not
even playing a role anymore. Here you
see the polling for Zak Nanalt for the
upcoming election on September 6, which
is in basically two weeks. And what you
see is the AFD is massively leading. And
you have to understand the AFD is
considered a party you can't even think
about in Germany right now. Of course,
half of the population disagrees, but
the population normally has not much say
in these things. Well, until they
actually vote for the party. So, if you
are any mainstream media outlet, any of
the other parties. The consensus right
now still is the AFD is something you
can't even talk about. They are the
evil. There's no actual reason behind
that. By the way, it's very fascinating
when you see it. It's not like
discussions in the United States when
people hate Trump. They actually have a
bunch of reasons. When people hate
Kamala, they have a bunch of reasons. No
one is running around says, I hate Trump
because he's a communist because then
people would ask, but why is Trump a
communist? You can say all kinds of
things about Trump, but why is he a comm
he's just not a communist. And so that
actually doesn't happen in the United
States. You don't have a lot of people
running around saying Trump is a
terrible communist or Carmela is a
terrible white supremacist. It just
doesn't make sense in the United States.
The hate comes more attached to
something. But in Germany, it's a very
interesting thing. People just say the
AFD is the worst thing and you can't
even discuss it and you can't even touch
it, which is very interesting for me
looking in to Germany from the outside.
So that is a very revolutionary result
here. 42% but all over East Germany the
AFD is close to 40% or over 40%. So it's
coming. The second party is the current
ruling party, the CDU, which is con, you
know, supposedly the conservative party.
The AD is also conservative. So they're
both conservative, but the CDU is the
established conservative party and the
AfD is the new kind of conservative
libertarian party. And now they are
outperforming the CDU. Why is this so
important? Because the AFD, even though
it's now the biggest party in polls in
Germany, has never been in the
government, right? They they have never
been a governing party because no one is
willing to form a coalition with them
because there's this firewall strategy
introduced by the CDU. The CDU is the
most concerned party about the FD
because they're too close. It's
basically the Republican party. Imagine
you had a second Republican party which
is more resurgent. America first versus
MAGA. Of course, MAGA is going to say
America first is the most horrible thing
that ever happened to America. They're
worse than the Socialists because
they're the most scary ones for MAGA.
And it's a similar situation here.
Consider AFD Germany first and CDU
whatever the Christian Democrats. And so
what is happening here is that Zaken
Anhal might be the domino that leads to
the demise
of the CDU and leads to the first state
in Germany that will be ruled by the
AFD. And because everyone is so scared,
uh, the Spiegel, which is kind of the
New York Times of Germany, and I'm not
I'm not saying this as an insult. It's
more like a fact. It's they would maybe
even say that themselves.
Uh, and they just had a cover about that
race because that race is so important.
That race is so important that the
Spiegel had this now infamous cover that
I'm going to show you in a second uh
about that race and they announced that
this poor man who is running for uh who
is running for that party. My god, so
difficult to get even to this thing. I
have to show it to you in Google because
they're being too difficult.
This is basically what the Spiegel came
up with uh which is the biggest magazine
as something like the New York Times
just to make it simple in Germany and
they had this man who is the frontr
runner the AFD front runner the man
who's probably going to become this guy
here uh become the min the prime
minister what is it the governor of uh
Zakanhal and they called him the most
dangerous man in Germany okay so they
called Zikmund the most dangerous man in
Germany. And there's lots of YouTube
mockery about that because when they
list the reasons why he's the most
dangerous man, it's because in high
school he was popular with the girls.
I'm not kidding you. He was popular with
the girls. Extremely dangerous. You can
imagine what happens then. So that is
happening. He is liked by the people and
that gives you a little bit an insight
into the delusion. That's very shocking
to me. I'm like not in Germany. When I
go back to German, it's like, whoa, you
people are delusional. It's very
irritating. It's like a mass psychosis.
The logic is the following. You say he
was popular with the high school girls.
He is likable. He talks to voters
and things like that. And that is the
reason why he's the most dangerous man
in Germany. And as a foreigner, as an
American, as an Australian, you would
hear that like, wait a moment, but why
is this so dangerous? And the
interesting thing is this psychosis in
Germany about the FD is so bad that they
don't even have to list anymore why this
is so dangerous because everyone just
knows it's so dangerous. So the logic
here is the following. If someone is
horribly dangerous like the AFD and no
one knows why, but that's just what it
is. They are like the devil. What is
more dangerous? A devil that looks like
the devil or a devil that is popular
with high school girls that is then
liked by the voters and talks to the
voters? Of course, that's the most
dangerous devil. So once you understand
this is the devil then it's very
dangerous that he's such a nice devil.
But of course as a normal person would
ask what if he's not the devil? What if
he's just nice and that's why everyone
wants to vote for him which is a little
bit what it is. So he says all the right
things. He's nice and he just says we
need to clean up this mess because
Germany is going down the drain. So
that's happening. Hey on this channel we
do something very important. We deeply
analyze, understand, and predict
capital, AGI, and politics. Not just to
beat the markets and make a lot of
money, even though that's important, but
also to build a new society and make the
future good for all of us, the pioneers.
If you want to help me on this journey,
you can do that by doing a very simple
thing. Like and subscribe. It helps me a
lot. Thank you so much for your support.
And let's get back to the video. And so
victory seems inevitable at this point,
especially after this spie. This
magazine did that. Now everyone thinks,
"What the hell is even happening? What
are you guys talking about?" And so this
seems to be a train wreck in the making
for the chancellor because here to go
back, you see the chancellor Mertz here
on the right side. This is Alis Videl.
She's the boss of the FD on the federal
level. And the problem for them is that
if this actually happens, there is no
good outcome for Earth. Even if the AFD
would not win the absolute majority,
here's the exact problem why this
election is a pivot point for German
politics and potentially for all of
Europe. Because right now, it's not even
clear how it cannot lead to the downfall
of the government. Let me explain why.
Because there are only two options right
now. When you see this, either the AFD
gets to 43% and just wins because this
little party, the BSW, is dropping out
and doesn't get over this threshold,
that is that's now the question. Will
the BW get over the threshold or not? If
they are not taking that threshold,
they're right there right now 5%. If
they're not getting over that hurdle,
they're not getting into the parliament
and the FD has the absolute majority and
will provide the governor and control
the parliament because they don't need
anyone. Okay? They don't need a
coalition. If you have the absolute
majority, which is very rare by the way
in Europe, no one has absolute
majorities. But here they push it so far
that the people said we have had it just
give them the absolute majority. You
can't just block us.
If the BSW gets over the threshold, then
the FD might be short one percentage
point, two percentage points and cannot
rule alone. Okay? And then we have an
interesting situation because what
happens then? Then the CDU could form a
coalition with these people and say,
"Well, we take we keep the government
and we just rule with the other people."
Okay? Or the BW could say, "Well, we go
with the AFD and for the first time form
a coalition with them kind of." And the
problem is maybe you think, well,
if the BW gets over the 5%.
And therefore the AFD cannot control the
government and cannot become the
government, isn't that good for the CDU?
because they could then stay in power
with these other guys. Well, there's a
little problem which is why a lot of CDU
people secretly want the AFD to get the
absolute majority. So, they are not
being put in that predicament that I
will outline. Now, you have to
understand who the other people are.
This is not a good situation. The linker
is the successor party and I'm not
kidding. It's true. It is the direct
successor party of the SED and the SED
was the single dictator party of
communist East Germany. Okay, so that is
the party that was in charge of East
Germany killed tens of thousands of
people that did not fall in line and
shot thousands of Germans who wanted to
flee in the back at the wall. These
people built the wall and they murdered
their own people. So they are not nice.
That's what I want to say. And they do
not apologize. The link is like, "No, we
do this again. That's why we are in the
race. We want to kill the rich people."
I'm not going to go into details, but
they literally there was all these
discussions leaking from the link where
they plan or they discuss it at least,
maybe jokingly, who knows? But they want
to shoot the richest 1%. That's what one
of them said. Once we have shot the
richest 1%, then we can proceed with
this and that. And no one pushed back.
Of course, no one said, "No, we
shouldn't do that." So you have to
understand when Americans talk about,
oh, Democrats are communists, I mean,
these people are communists. They
wouldn't even say they're not. And if
you're a Christian conservative party
like the CDU and you start doing
coalitions with people like that,
uh, you might run into some problems
with your own voters who then even go to
the AFD in even larger numbers and say,
"You are nuts."
Right? You saying you want to block the
AFD from governing. Why? because they're
the same as you. They have the same
program and instead you're partnering
with people who want to literally shoot
us. You lost your marbles. And that's
why a lot of CDU people secretly hope
the AFD gets the absolute majority
because if they don't and we will have
that these discussions under Mer's
leadership who's pushing towards a
coalition with these people,
[clears throat] this could be the end of
the CDU.
So, as you can imagine, for this guy
here, for Mertz on the right side, it
looks very bad. Either the FD wins the
absolute majority, which is very bad for
him. That's a signal that people want to
get rid of him, or they don't win, and
then the CDU, what are they going to do?
They're trapped. And if you add this up
to these polls that we have currently on
the national level, where the AFD has
the highest polling results, this is for
all of Germany. These are the German
federal polling results. Absolutely
stunning. the CDU at the lowest level
ever pled since 1949.
That is just four years after a certain
Austrian got killed or killed himself.
So that's pretty bad. It's the worst
result in the history of the CDU. And of
course the AFD is the big beneficiary
because these are the same parties
effectively. They have the same program
except for maybe Russia and the EU. But
everything else they say the right the
same thing only that the CDU has proven
that it doesn't do these things. That's
why people are running away. And the FD
is at 28%. That's very high. And you see
that everyone else is also losing
compared to the previous election.
And so if there is a federal election,
of course the AFD won't get the absolute
majority, but you see who's going to win
this now. Why would there be an
election? Because Merz is under
tremendous pressure to step down. And
these results are absolutely
devastating. by the way. So it is very
likely that there will be a ripple
effect. There is lots of talk behind the
scenes in the CDU already get rid of
Mertz. We have to get rid of Mertz
because the CDU is bleeding. 20% is
beyond the pale. 30% would even be
problematic. But 20% means the
leadership of the CDU is the absolute
worst in the history of the CDU which is
not an endorsement. And so that is the
situation. We are going to track this
very closely because once this happens
Europe will not be the same. This might
just be one state in Germany, one of 16
states. It's a reasonably important
state. It reflects what's going on.
There are other East German states who
have similar things going on. This is
the first one where this actually might
happen and this would be the death nail
for the chancellorship of Mertz. Now, in
the daily brief, we have the political
weekly brief coming up here uh and we
will actually talk about three more
topics in that weekly brief. Go to
pioneerlands.org to check this out. Uh
the BW maneuvering backfires in Tingia.
So, we will go a little bit into what
this BSW party is and what they're
actually doing there behind the scenes.
We will go into then what an AfDled
Germany would mean for the EU and what
the AFD who is now on track to becoming
some type of ruling party in Germany.
Sooner or later, maybe sooner, but
latest in 2029, much more likely in some
form in 2027 in my opinion. Let's see.
Still hard to see how, but there will be
the largest party and there will be very
likely elections. What will the AFD
actually do with the European Union if
they would ever get in charge which
they're very likely will and they have a
whole plan a federation of European
nations they have actually a plan they
are not weaklings they're not going to
say fine we just keep the EU there is
things going on that will break this
whole thing in my opinion we will talk
about Sweden because Sweden also has a
national election coming up September
13th and that's very important also as a
signal for Europe uh interesting stuff
and we will see what this all means for
Europe. So, see you in the weekly brief.
To see the full weekly brief, go to
pioneerlands.org.
Every single week, we bring you the
latest in politics and the cutting edge
developments in the United States and
Europe so we can follow the crazy
transformations that are happening in
this age of AGI. The matrix is imploding
and everything is changing. So, check it
out on pinelance.org. You also find two
other weekly briefs. one stocks and
capital markets where we cover stocks
like Tesla, SpaceX and of course the
markets at a as a whole and we also have
an AI frontier weekly brief where you
learn about the latest models, the
latest Chetb developments, anthropic and
claude Grock and the Chinese models so
you are up to date also on technology.
See you in Pioneer Lands.