Channel:     brighterwithherbert
Title:       Tesla’s Robotaxi Expansion Accelerates
URL:         https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=X5s26jRlI_E
Published:   2026-05-04 19:28 UTC
Fetched:     2026-05-05 01:00 UTC

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Tesla just made its biggest 1-day
increase in its robo taxi fleet ever.
And Elon Musk was out this weekend
highlighting Tesla's dominance in car
sales. First, over the weekend, Tesla
increased its unsupervised robo taxis by
seven in one day. The total is now 33
according to the tracker, five in
Dallas, six in Houston, and 22 in
Austin. On top of that, Tesla's Austin
Robo Taxi expanded unsupervised hours to
nighttime for the first time. This comes
as new job openings for a robo taxi
operations manager appeared in San
Antonio. Expansion looks imminent.
California also passed a new law issuing
tickets when autonomous vehicles violate
traffic laws, impacting all robo taxi
companies. Second, Tesla announced it
has surpassed 10 billion miles driven on
FSE supervised. Elon Musk specifically
highlighted that number, suggesting it
may be more important than previously
thought. Third, a new report shows the
Model Y and Model 3 are again number one
and number two among the top 20
bestselling EVs globally in March. In
California, the Model Y was the
bestselling car overall in Q1. In a
separate report on US loyalty rates,
Tesla ranked number one. Elon Musk and
other executives weighed in. Finally,
Jim Farley, CEO, Ford, was again on TV,
begging the US government to block
Chinese EV imports. Meanwhile, when
Canada allowed imports, Tesla was able
to offer China made Model 3s for just
$29,000 US there. Jeff Lutz here with us
today. He's a multi-deade supply chain
executive and chief quality officer.
He's now CEO of his own high-tech
manufacturing consulting firm. Welcome,
Jeff.
&gt;&gt; Hey, Herbert. Yeah, there's a a lot
going on actually with autonomy and uh
even selling cars
&gt;&gt; both. Uh and uh the second part of it
with the cars, both Elon and other
executives weighed in. I want to hear
your uh take on that cuz you have a you
had a couple important points about it.
So, first this is the latest robo taxi
tracker data. Says 33 unsupervised,
22 in Austin, but five now in Dallas,
six now in Houston. Of course, it's robo
taxi tracker. So, uh it may be delayed,
it may be underounting, but we have been
using this uh just to track things. And
I think it jumped by seven in the the
last just in one day. So that was
interesting that they did that. There
were more of these robo taxis and you
can see the license plates are new. And
the other new thing is that they're now
operating the the Austin robo taxis
operating unsupervised in the evenings
for the first time ever. And previously
the unsupervised operation ended
midafter afternoon
and it's also yeah he just pointed out
that new unsupervised vehicle setting uh
sightings with seven new unsupervised
Model Y spotted across Dallas, Houston,
and Austin. What what do you think's
happening with these two developments,
Jeeoff?
&gt;&gt; Well, we know a couple of things. I
think first off, I'd recommend people at
this point don't actually don't have to
focus on the absolute number yet. It's
going to be a it's going to be a bigger
issue as it as it grows positively, I
should say. But the absolute the 33
number is one thing. The more important
thing is actually the rate of growth and
going you know from the low 20s to that
uh from the prior week and then just I
think seven in one day is a 20% growth.
This is this is actually rather
significant cuz what Tesla is doing is
remember if you extract what they were
saying on the earnings call and what
we've I've been talking about actually
on your show Herbert is that they have a
mathematical model that basically takes
the current performance of the system in
terms of serious non-serious or these uh
convenience issues that they introduced
on the earnings call and they know the
probability of occurrence based on the
fleets size. So, and there's and it also
appears that robo taxi because it's a
controlled small controlled fleet, it's
also the first bit of cars that are
going to see new software. So whether
these are on some sort of early 143 or
later 143 equivalent than we even have
in our personally owned vehicles, the
message from Tesla is that their
confidence is growing. And that percent
growth, that 20% growth just over the
weekend or 50% if you look at it over,
you know, 10 days or so, whatever that
period of time, that's significant. And
if if this pace keeps up,
I mean, there's going to be significant
growth throughout the year. And I think
that the this is this is the two
different things that are kind of
discussed on the earnings call about
Elon talking about volume scale depends
on what your definition is and this rate
of growth and what they're doing. And I
honestly think that
they they they they obviously they still
want to solve this series of issues and
get it coded up and whatever the
version's called 14x or 15 that's not
important. Uh Elon did say that for for
volume scale in his mind they want to
solve these issues.
But between that where we were before
that earnings call and today doesn't
mean that they can't continue to put a
lot of robo taxis out and we could be at
something where we're passing the fleet
size of everything else out there at
some point this year and still not at
Elon's definition of mass volume scale
because remember he wants to transform
how people move from point A to point B.
That's not some incremental thing.
That's just not having 4,000 robo taxis
versus Whimo or others. He he wants he
wants complete transformation swimming
in a completely different uh stream than
others. So this is the rate of growth.
My message here is the rate of growth is
encouraging. The absolute number becomes
even more important throughout the year
as they start passing up their fleets.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, that's a good point. I mean, it is
tiny numbers, but the rate of growth is
interesting for them to say, "Hey, I'm
going to add another seven, probably 10,
honestly, that they did over the weekend
all at once, which means that they're
not just doing onesie twzies anymore."
It's a rate of growth. Uh, take a look
at this, Jeeoff. I wanted to show you
this. Oops. Sorry.
Yeah. So, there is this uh lot here in
uh Houston,
and it looks like that uh on one side
it's all empty now, but on the other
side, he he panned there a little bit.
Did you see that? There's still more to
go. So, that's uh clearly what's
happening here. Those guys were put out
there. Tell tell us what you know about
this.
&gt;&gt; Well, these cars have plates and they're
staged. it tells you that there's
they're just going to continue to pull
them out and put them into the street as
as the performance continues to improve.
So, I like I said, I think there's a
there's a big chasm between how Tesla
communicate. Tesla clearly
wanted to communicate on the earnings
call that
they that there's they they definitely
wanted to cool things off from the prior
call, but between between that and where
they were, I think there could be a lot
of robo taxis on the road. I mean, this
is what we just have to look out for.
And then just again the price or the the
price Tesla would have to pay if there's
an incident or god forbid a serious
incident.
They would pay a much higher price in
the media and potentially with Congress
and with these critical uh bills that
are under discussion.
Uh they would have a much bigger price
to pay. So I think there's these two or
three there's there's three tracks that
are running. There's the Tesla improving
the performance having a mathematical
model that really understands
what the probability of an incident is.
The second track is this, you know,
media whatever. And by the way, it's
going in both direction. I see people
showing this video from this unfortunate
Huawei incident in China and just
saying, "Hey, Tesla, make sure you know
this doesn't happen to you." And you
just the other it's a scare like it's
the scare tactic. Of course, nobody
wants a serious uh injury that that
happens. And just just telling Tesla,
oh, just make sure you look out for
this. That's a horrible message. The
message should be is what's the
mathematical model? How do humans drive
today? How does your computer assisted
driving perform? And if it's
meaningfully safer cuz right now it
appears it is about 90% safer than human
driving. So that's if you can take as
you know both sides of the equation off
the road and just have Tesla you know
computer assisted driving. Well of
course you would want to do that. Of
course you'd want to reduce the serious
uh injury and and death rate uh from
automobiles. Then there's the um this
third track of they have to deal with
regulators. So you have this you have
the performance of the system, the media
storm around it, good and bad, right?
And the the regulator piece. So this is
the things that Tesla and of course you
know Tesla's got to continue to ramp the
operation. So my by by their actions, by
the fact that they're staging all these
vehicles, that everything's still going
forward, they're still hiring, they're
still getting the operation in place, it
tells me that there's some amount of
indecision and debate. And this is what
typically happens inside of companies,
especially around product release and
how much product do we release.
A quick aside, when a a new product is
being released,
it is more times than not that at the
point of ramp, at the point of
distribution of the product, you're not
at your your target quality rate.
There's something going on that you're
trying to solve. So, what you're trying
to do as a leadership and management
team is you're trying to understand the
impact to consumers and how quickly
should you deploy the product because
you've had this distribution plan.
you've set you set up something with
your customers or in this in the
smartphone world with carriers and with
retail and now you have this issue and
this the correlary to this issue in robo
taxi would be the quality and
performance of the system and are there
these convenience issues or safety
issues. So why I bring this up is this
is not uncommon that there would be
internal debate and and when should this
really go vertical and it's not an all
or nothing thing. I know Elon's talked
about this this overnight thing of this
overnight, you know, all these things
are going to happen.
That's a kind of a broader way to speak
about it because it literally could
happen that way, but it doesn't need to
happen that way. It could be a bit more
iterative, but it can be at a scale
that's much bigger than anything else
out there by a long shot. Remember,
everything else is in place. the
charging uh what they're doing with
cleaning uh they you know over 80,000
chargers over 1300 uh service locations
I everything else is in place I think
you had a good video on this too Herbert
I watched a bit of it over the weekend
where you're kind of talking about the
different robo taxi services t
everything else is in place for Tesla to
have massive scale it's just them
getting to this point with the
performance of the system where they're
comfortable with it.
&gt;&gt; You said something that I think uh
triggered a thought in my head that made
makes it a little bit more sense. I
think they are u giving separation in
terms of time like months after January
because in January remember what
happened there. Five incidents, five
crashes. Tesla has five crashes which is
four times worse than humans which was
all crap as we know but it was headlines
across the world globally. All the
mainstream media had the same headline
because it was just fender benders, but
nobody dug in to find out. They just
want to say it's bad. They needed to
give a couple, you know, imagine what
happened if if February Tesla goes out
and goes, there's a 100 robo taxis today
and something happens, they're going to
just attack Tesla. They want to give
separation. But now there's been zero
and hopefully this month is zero. Two
months of is straight zero and then you
slowly get it back in there. So I think
you're right that that is uh one of the
things consideration they had. Um they
are hiring
&gt;&gt; the the other way to think of it Herbert
is if they did nothing from January to
February in terms of the performance of
the system but they doubled the fleet
they could have theoretically had 10 of
those incidents in February. So that's
where I think they clamped down. That's
why you saw the unsupervised number not
move
&gt;&gt; from January to February because they
wanted to solve those fundamental issues
that occurred in January
&gt;&gt; and they were just fender banners. one
mile two miles per hour is is funny but
yeah the it's outsized reaction by the
the glo the world the media so they had
to take care of that uh they are hiring
here's robo taxi operations manager in
San Antonio Texas so that would be makes
sense it very it seems like that could
be the next place that they launch uh
because now you got Dallas you got
Austin you got uh um what am I
forgetting what's the other one
&gt;&gt; Houston
&gt;&gt; Houston and now you'll have San Antonio
all right uh robot taxi operation
manager And then they're hiring these
fleet supports people and then Yoda goes
fleet probably nothing all over Orlando,
Dallas, San Francisco, Miami. So they
are certainly going after that too. So m
multiple hiring we track that. And then
cyber cabs were spotted in San Francisco
uh area as well. So just things are
moving forward. Let's take a quick look
at this video here.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, there's a driver. Wow,
&gt;&gt; that thing. It's got a little warping on
it, but looks cool.
Tesla just freaking sell that. You see
that?
It's a robo taxi.
&gt;&gt; Oh, is it?
&gt;&gt; It's a cyber cab.
&gt;&gt; There's nobody driving it.
&gt;&gt; Uh, there's someone driving it, but it's
a prototype. They're not out yet.
&gt;&gt; Is that Tesla?
Yeah, I realized Herbert seeing that car
where you can't see out the rearview
mirror and there's no side view mirrors
and I just realized you're driving my
Cyber Truck now for
uh two years, right? No. Yeah, about two
years. I don't use the side mirrors. I
don't obviously I don't use the rear
view mirror. I use the camera that's on
the screen. And when I'm ch if there's
lane changes, I see I see what the the
mirror would see on the side through
the, you know, the pillar cameras or the
side cameras, I just real Yeah, you
really don't need it. And the Cyber
Truck, even though they had they put
them on there, you don't need I now I've
realized I just had that realization
watching that car pull out. I don't I
don't use them.
&gt;&gt; You don't need it. Uh, I just want to
show that because you can see that
there's going to be so many people 99.9%
of people who've never seen a cyber cab
don't even understand robo taxi is going
to start seeing it everywhere. Um, and
it's starting to happen. So, this was um
another thing that happened was u Tesla
announced that they've now hit over 10
billion miles driven on FSE supervised
and uh you know Elon himself came out
and said 10 billion. So I just wanted to
ask you because you know that when when
I asked him this question, how did you
know this 10 billion number? He said it
was just more of a it was just really a
magnitude thing. I know it's not 1
billion. I know it's not 100 billion. So
I just said it's 10 billion. So he made
it sound like it's not really the number
that matters. It it's just like in a
magnitude. If you're around the
magnitude of this much of supervised FSD
driving data that you've got, you should
be able to get a system that is safer
than a human. Uh and they have certainly
done that. But for him to to highlight
that, Jeeoff, do you think this number
actually means more than many of us have
been saying these days?
&gt;&gt; No, I actually don't. I think it's uh
it's an it was it was an approximation.
It's meaningful that there's 10 billion
miles driven and the data that Tesla can
extract from it. But is it was there
some magic light switch at 10 billion?
Uh probably not. But are you you do you
realize I mean around the 10 billion
mark is where this 143 release you know
came from. So it's they're they are
pretty closely tied together. So I I
think we're months away actually from an
unsupervised
version of the software. So I think
we're very close. I think people just
need to step back and you I always
separate like what what are the Tesla
milestones that Tesla put out and
they've stubbed their toe on them.
That's why they they went into this
earnings call and they approached it
differently. They listened to the
feedback of like, hey, you said you were
doubling every month. You said these
things and and it didn't happen. And
they really not only they take a lot of
heat for it, but it just it drains some
of the credibility from something that's
actually quite special. Because if you
take the robo taxi roll out and you
compare it to other robo taxi systems
out there, Tesla's is fast, if not
faster than anything else that's been
rolled out. But the the key is is it
doesn't have all the crutches with the
sensors with all the different radars
and lightars and so forth where those
other ones should have actually rolled
out faster than they did in terms of
span. Maybe not total number, but th
those other systems I believe are
self-limiting themselves and they're
self-limiting themselves because the
economics don't work.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; And until they can get to ne next
generation product that's at a much
lower price point. And it's not just the
price of the car. This is what I want
spend 30 seconds on.
These cars that are a couple hundred,000
or you see that have all the spinning
cameras and all the different sensors on
them, they cost a lot of money to build,
but they cost a lot of money to repair.
I mean, a tremendous amount. These
things are not
typically designed for repairability.
They're designed for function and for
purpose.
And if you look at Cyber Cab and you
look at the part count reduction and you
look at how modular it goes together,
remember it's a modular assembly in the
factory. That's what Unboxed is. Well,
in the field, it's going to be also
modular disassembly and modular repair
in the field. I think the Cyber Cab is
probably going to be the most repable
vehicle out there. So
anyway, I I I think I think the the the
point of of all this is
th this approach that that Tesla is
taking and comparing to others. The only
reason that there's a there's a
credibility here right now is Tesla
their own self-imposed goals. And they
should they should own up to that. I'm
not saying I'm like trying to like um uh
kind of step over that soft. I just that
that's fine. But if you just compare it
to any other roll out, they're they're
doing fine. They're doing great. And
their end state is going to be they've
allowed themselves to go much bigger and
much wider because of their cost
structure where I believe others
actually have to self-limit the the the
the losses would the more they put out
the the the the wider the losses would
be the higher the losses would be.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, that's a very good point. It's not
just the cost of the vehicle, Whimo.
It's the repairability. So, we I think
we learned this weekend that Whimo's
losing 5 to6 billion dollar per year. 5
to6 billion years. It's a lot more than
people expected.
&gt;&gt; You you just look at the number if you
look at the number of sens you just when
you're when you're doing reliability
assessments and things, you have to look
at part count. You have to look at the
number of moving uh objects and you have
to look at their wearout rates and you
have to look at uh repair warranty is
the cost per repair and then the
incident rate that that's the two things
that drive
&gt;&gt; warranty. So if you have high part
count, high complexity and then the cost
for repair is very high.
&gt;&gt; I actually think the other cost of these
robo taxis and the fleet management is
actually more of a weight. I think they
pay off. I think they pay down this 175k
pretty quickly if that's the cost of
one. Uh I actually think the other costs
are the real issue anyway.
&gt;&gt; We think. Yep. Okay. So, uh I like Tesla
and some people are saying I wonder if
Elon was waiting for the 10 billion
number to start flooding the streets
with robo taxis. I don't think so. But
you just explained it which is Yeah.
They were waiting for that 14.3 which is
kind of pseudo related to when you get
to this magnitude
&gt;&gt; some relation but yeah there wasn't like
a light it's not a light switch per se.
&gt;&gt; No no not at all. Okay. Uh quickly I
just want to show that there is a new
law coming in July 1st in California
that will apply to all autonomous
vehicles. They will now issue tickets
for violating traffic laws, running a
red light, failing to stop for
pedestrians in a crosswalk. And they're
developing this technology. This is
great. I'm happy. This is one of the
things that the DMV should be doing. Uh,
issuing tickets. It's great. Uh, but it
affects everybody way most
&gt;&gt; good for the system, too, because you're
going to want to now you're going to
have a third party that's actually
evaluating what you've built besides
customers. You'll have someone and it's
actually a good thing.
&gt;&gt; It's a great thing. Okay. Um, here we
go. This is the the reaction uh by Elon.
couple times he jumped in and he
forwarded this. The latest report shows
that of the top 20 bestselling electric
vehicles in the world globally in March,
Tesla Model Y, Tesla Model 3 number one
and two, Gily is at 34,000. It's like
look at the difference between a Model Y
versus a Gil, you know, by individual
units of electric vehicles. Tesla is
dominating big time. Uh you can see that
the next ones are truly China. So look,
isn't this what Elon said, right? In the
future, the top 10 is going to be Tesla
and the next nine are all Chinese. And
that is what's happened here globally.
We're talking
&gt;&gt; what I took what I took away from this
is look how many models
&gt;&gt; that BYD has to put out and they don't
even add up to the two models that Tesla
does. Now, now go look at BYD's troubles
with their supply base and payment terms
and it's just a a severe lack of
leverage. Their best car is roughly half
of a Model 3. So, if you're that
supplier in in in Shanghai or Guanjo and
you you you can get a Tesla award or you
can get a BYD award, you got to build
tooling for that part, whatever you're
making for them. and you and you get a
certain amount of output for that and
remember they have to spread their
supply over a couple suppliers. So the
lack of leverage that they have this is
why Tesla gross margins are have been
stable and continuing to improve
and I don't think people get it and they
look at the operating margins of what
Tesla is doing. This isn't a car company
that's just building cars. This is a
former only car company that is now
forward investing in autonomy, robotics,
energy, and so forth. So, what Tesla's
actually going to be able to do with
this is is mindboggling. But this this
is why they can have those gross margins
and maintain that superior position. By
the way, what happened to the Xiaomi
YU7? I thought even I thought that this
car would be doing something something's
up. I don't know if this is just a
single month
&gt;&gt; thing or what, but but Tesla and China,
I think they sold 37,000 Model Y's.
So, I mean, it's it's, you know, this is
global. This is a global view,
obviously.
&gt;&gt; Very good points, Jeeoff. Very, very
good points. YU7 came out uh out of the
block as a new entrance and it was doing
really well and still it's a great car.
We both love it and uh we think it will
be a competitor to Model Y and 3, but
something happened and it automat
automatically fell for that month. We'll
we'll dig in closer. I think you made a
fantastic point and this is a perfect
chart to show what you were saying.
Tesla Model Y and Model 3 is two uh
trims and BYD by BYD by BYD by BYD by
&gt;&gt; they have eight or nine on here and they
don't even add up to the
&gt;&gt; they don't add up and and they're all
different price points too. And that's
the other shocking thing. Like they're
like some of these are like 1 fifth of
the price of a Model 3 and yet they
don't sell as many units. Um you said
that
&gt;&gt; by the way their sales aren't to
consumers. Their sales are to
&gt;&gt; dealers. Yeah.
&gt;&gt; Dealer lots and dealer dealers that go
and get financing.
And what we've what some of there's some
new reporting that
&gt;&gt; that they are selling this has not been
confirmed but not only are there sales
to real people but there are sales to
these shell companies that are buying
these cars and then selling them on the
secondary market with zero miles on
them. There has been a lot of reporting
&gt;&gt; to Russia. So anyway, it's hard to
quantify but it's it's again those
aren't even sales to consumers. The only
sales the consumers on there I think are
Xiaomi and Tesla.
Yeah, you said Tesla's EV lead is much
greater than the market share stats
because of the two models versus which
highly leverages their own factories and
supply far greater than any competitor.
Great point. Um, in California of the
top five bestselling cars, not just EVs,
all cars in Q1, Tesla Model Y is number
one. Then you got the Camry, the Civic,
CRV, Hondas, and Toyotas, which you
would expect. But Toyota model Tesla
Model Y is still the bestselling car of
all cars including these gas cars here
which is a great great u signal what to
come. Elon said Tesla uh he forwarded
that and he was just promoting that that
is the case. And then of course loyalty
rates another interesting stat Tesla is
at 61%. Tops the list and they have
been. This is February. Subaru is next.
Toyota. They're all probably around the
same area but look at that. people who
love these cars stay with these cars and
then down below you got people don't
give a they'll switch these cars off the
next uh the next time that they can
&gt;&gt; and yeah this is the loyalty rates Elon
said Tesla he forwarded that as well
&gt;&gt; Chamat he said it's hard to understand
what the other 39% are thinking once you
drive a Tesla it's like driving an
allseeing sensor with a supercomputer
bands all decision-m driving and
navigation I'm actually am surprised
that the loyalty rate is equal to the
others because at some point only one of
those cars drives themselves. I think
the loyalty rate will skyrocket.
&gt;&gt; Well, we know we know the adoption rate
uh on that is still climbing. The people
there's either an awareness issue or
trust issue from people trying it before
or there's a pricing issue. Um but
actually in loyalty rate world those are
actually
&gt;&gt; those are actually very high loyalty
rates. You want to get it. I mean, if
you want to have like super superior
loyalty, you're closer to 80%. But like,
it's not like you have 100% loyalty
rates. It just doesn't happen. We know
there's these political things happening
with Tesla and the brand. So, that that
loyalty rate is actually quite quite
good. Very high, actually.
&gt;&gt; Mhm.
Well, yeah, that was global, wasn't it?
Yeah. This is the loyalty rate as of
February.
&gt;&gt; This is the actual
&gt;&gt; Oh, this is US. Okay.
because uh loyalty rate across the US
well maybe Europe took a hit.
Okay. Um yeah very good good number.
This is S&amp;P Global Mobility and then U
Wes who's in charge of the Cybertruck
program said often hear people say other
vehicles are ruined after driving a
Tesla. The data seems to agree that is
absolutely true.
And then Matthew Burman uh Elon for this
as well. My parents bought a Tesla Model
3 and there's nothing else like it. He's
uh well known for uh his channel, his
YouTube channel on AI. The most
astonishing capability is self-driving.
Their Tesla can drive them from the This
is their his parents, okay, can now
drive self-drive the car from parking in
a busy parking lot without disengaging
once. Comparing Tesla's self-driving to
other automakers is like comparing an
iPhone 17 to one of those gray brick
phones from the 80s. It's kind of
embarrassing. week before they bought
the Tesla, my dad told me he didn't
think he'd be driving much longer since
he's pretty old. That Tesla just
extended his independence by years,
feeling grateful for all that Tesla has
done.
Self-driving isn't even part of these
data points yet, and they're already
number one across the board. So,
&gt;&gt; okay, Jeff Jim Farley, CEO of Ford, he
is out on force. He's out there being
interviewed left, right, and center.
This is like I think the third interview
I've shown on this channel the last
month. He's out saying the same thing
over and over again, which is I don't
know why he's afraid. I guess something
might be going on in the government, the
US government. He keeps going out there.
We should not let Chinese EVs into the
US. Jim himself drove a Chinese Xiaomi
SUV SU7 and has been to China six to
seven times a year. He said it's the
most humbling thing I've ever seen. They
have far superior invehicle tech. Can't
win. This is that's what guy this guy
has. Can't win. So they ban. he wants
them to ban um and not do this. What's
your uh thinking about of of this?
&gt;&gt; I mean, I I've commented on this. I
don't know
I don't know what I don't know what he's
doing. This is not I I get it. He I get
that there's some concern. He's he's
messaging through the media and I guess
that's that's fine, but he seems a bit
obsessed. He's talking about the Chinese
in every interview.
uh versus talking about I mean if you
look at Ford's
&gt;&gt; was it their April numbers that came out
or was it Q1 I think it may have been
both but the all their segments are down
their gas cars their hybrid cars and
their EVs have you know fallen through
the floor they've stopped building a lot
of them the economics don't work they're
getting choked out of these a lot of
these trade deals with components coming
from abroad
uh even though they have but even though
They're just behind Tesla in in in local
sourcing in the US, but they have
serious they have serious problems. They
can't expand globally. They get killed
everywhere they go. If they try to ship
a car below $40,000, they get killed by
China. They get killed by Tesla
everywhere they go. And um I just don't
understand this. So he drove the best
car that China makes right now, which is
the Xiaomi SU7. And that's I've been on
this channel multiple times and said,
"Yeah, that would that car would do well
here if it would pass all the standards
here." But I think what people need to
understand that car wouldn't be 45 or
$50,000 if it was made here. Even though
it's Chineseed designed, if it was made
here, it would cost a whole hell of a
lot more uh to make it here. So anyway,
I just I don't I don't think people are
just understanding this. there's a
design element to what China is doing
and how they design their cars and
they're doing a good job there. I don't
think there's any evidence to me that
they're they're one uping Tesla. And I
know Jim likes to take shots at how the
age of the Tesla fleet and just using
these conventional things, but even that
that five or sixyear-old Model Y is
still out selling every car and Tesla
recently refreshed it last year and
consumers love it. So, I just think his
messaging's off. I'm worried a bit about
uh the leader where that company's
going. Uh it's going to take them
probably until 2028 to get this lowerc
cost uh EV truck to scale. And the
question is is what happens between now
and then. Uh and it seems like they're
about 5 to seven years behind every
major move from Tesla. like they still
haven't produced, even though he says
the Model 3 and Y are an aging car, they
still haven't produced an equivalent
vehicle and now they're trying to start
up an energy business with their battery
uh factories that they've started and
now they're trying to start up an energy
business and get traction there. So, I
just it's a lot of like you when you
when your CEO is going out and like
looking at like what China's doing this,
I'm scared or they're really good and
then he's you see them copying the the
battery business. You're like, well,
what is what is Ford? What's original to
Ford? What can be done? Obviously, the
F-150 is an incredible vehicle, but I'm
a bit worried about
what's going on here in terms of US auto
leadership. It's it's it's not clear
what the plan here is to again, it's
they've been killed in China. They're
pretty much killed in in Europe.
&gt;&gt; And I just it's just not clear what the
plan is.
&gt;&gt; Let's listen to what he said. them into
our country. Um because the economic
impact manufacturing is the heart and
soul of our country and for us to lose
that uh to those exports would be
devastating for our country.
&gt;&gt; How many trips to China have you made in
the past year?
&gt;&gt; Oh,
I would say six to seven. Six to seven.
&gt;&gt; Yes. And what are you seeing there that
we should learn from? It's the most
humbling thing I've ever seen. 70% of
all EVs in the world, electric vehicles
are made in China. Uh they have far
superior invehicle technology. Huawei
and Xiaomi are in every car.
&gt;&gt; Yeah,
that's that. Okay, that sounds like
somebody who
has like this is his first year or this
is like he's not been to CH gone to
China for a couple of decades and you
can it's okay to talk about things they
do well because there are many things
they do well. The thing that China did
well with EV is the multi- multiple
decade approach to building out the
supply chain starting from the mineral
the mineral base all the way through
batteries and what they've done with
obviously building up this labor and
workforce to be able to work amongst all
these different factories. Uh but
they're definitely beatable and they
have unfortunately unfortunately who
they're competing with in auto have just
been living in the stone ages. If you
look at
&gt;&gt; uh European and and US auto companies,
so it's quite easy for them to just
design more efficiently, have 4 to $6 an
hour, you know, net labor against $50 to
$60 US labor and and in Europe as well
is not great in unionized labor. And
it's very easy for them to do this, but
it's it's not like it's not like, oh,
they can't be beat. The other thing is
there's some stats out there that almost
all of BYYD's profit is government
um related. And I I squint at these
metrics as well because Tesla's had a
lot of accusations lobbed its way as
well. I kind of squint and look at them.
But between that and then essentially
not paying your suppliers for about 6
months over more than the normal. Now
they they've improved upon that, but if
you take those two things together, it's
not clear that they've actually built a
business. So my net on China is is yes,
you if you haven't been there for a
couple decades and you go, you're going
to get surprised. You're going to see
beautiful factories. You're going to see
a lot of labor. You're going to see
innovation, too. you're going to see a
lot of great things, but you keep
digging past this like, well, where's
the business model? Does the business
model actually work? If you pay your
suppliers on time, if you're moving your
channel inventory at a normal rate, if
they're are they keeping their channel
inventory around 60 days, that's the
target in the US. By the way, we're
running at 100 days in the US. So, we
have other we as US auto, not Tesla.
Tesla's at, you know, 26 or so. um
the you can walk through a factory,
anybody, we call them these window
tours, you're walking through the
factory and you're just in a hall and
they have the windows open. But if
you're actually to go open the door and
look inside and say, "How are these
things being done? Are they effective?
What's your reliability? What's your
warranty look like now over a couple of
years that you've been building and
shipping? What's your net business unit
economics look like? What does it look
like net of government subsidies? And if
somebody really taken those things
apart, you'd understand that
we we're all the same. Like there's
things that are doing well, but it's not
like it's unbeatable. So just to come
back and take a trip to China and
you're, you know, come back and like so,
oh my god, the world's coming to an end.
you should really focus on what we can
be doing differently in this country
supply chain wise, manufacturing wise to
leapfrog them and not just saying we
have to be scared of them and and and
bar and block them from the country.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, you should be hired by Jim Farley
for they need your advice because you've
been pointing out that you know I don't
know why they don't I bet maybe they
don't understand this but you've been
pointing out for a while now that yes,
China's doing well. you just went
through the list of things to really dig
in to really understand if they're doing
well in China. But when they if they're
trying to create a factory here in the
US, it's not a given that they're going
to automatically have the same price
point, same margins, all that. It could
be worse.
&gt;&gt; And it won't it won't work. And
&gt;&gt; because they don't have the supply chain
here, they don't have the supply chain
here. And so now what happens there? But
now if they import a car, that's one
thing, but it's another thing about
building a factory here. It's not a
given. Not a given yet that they're
winning. you've been saying that.
&gt;&gt; Well, it's not it's not even not a
given. It's it won't work. It may work
for someone like Xiaomi
uh because of their level of automation
in a final assembly factory, but I don't
even know if it's their supply base if
it would even work here.
&gt;&gt; So, um so there's a lot to unpack. I
actually don't think China is doing for
somebody to be doing well. This goes
back to the robo taxi conversation. You
can make a robo taxi science project and
push a couple hundred out to the street.
Is that something that's going to change
transportation and be a multi- you know
billion trillion dollar business?
Not necess not if you didn't get the
cost structure right. So in the business
model so I don't think that China
actually has the business model right on
EV. I don't care how many EVs are
actually made. I don't care what percent
of market share there is. if it's not
profitable over a 5 to 10 year time
horizon
&gt;&gt; without all this government assistance
and what if they can't notice that the
the European expansions the one in South
America is not going very well for BYD
notice that when they go out
out of when they go out of their uh
their borders things don't tend to go
well everything's geared up to be an
export business build in China overly
overs subsidi overs subsidized financial
gains. I'm not saying like I said that
there's not pockets of things that are
being done well and like I said I think
Xiaomi has a good product but you have
to do the whole thing. You have to have
the product, you have to have the supply
chain, you have to have the business
model, this the cost structure, you have
to have all it put together and I don't
think they have all of it.
&gt;&gt; Okay. uh if it's final segment here is
uh you know the tariffs and China uh
Canada allowed imports a certain amount
of imports from China to come into their
shores to their country and uh Brian
pointed this out Tesla started selling
Chinese-made Model 3s in Canada so Tesla
the Shanghai factory is able to now
import their car into Canada and they
able to lower the price this is the
lowest it's ever been. So Tesla just
launched a new Model 3 lineup in Canada,
the Model 3 Premium Rearwheel drive and
it's only $39,000 Canadian that converts
to $29,000.
They've been able to cut the Model 3
performance price by 17%. And it's about
50% cheaper than previously lower price
Model 3, lower range in long range in
Canada. 50% cheaper than long range. The
price to get into a Tesla just got a lot
more affordable in Canada. So fantastic.
And then um Jazelle pointed out that the
average new car in price in Canada
63,000. I don't know if that is
Canadian. I think he's Canadian. So
that's Canadian. And in the US is
50,000. The average price is 50,000. And
then the monthly fuel expense is 250
bucks. It's as high as ever been. So
these Model 3 imports is delivered to
you at 42,000 compared to again
Canadian. This is cheaper than the used
units we were considering after
provincial taxes here. Tesla Model 3 is
over $24,000 cheaper than the average
new car. Okay. Electricity price where I
live is 85% cheaper than gasoline per
mile. And then you could pay $100 for FS
to be driven around anywhere. So he
bought one.
&gt;&gt; So things changed cuz uh
&gt;&gt; yeah,
&gt;&gt; his post is great and and I think he
nailed a lot of the important topics. I
nothing against the Canadian people, a
lot of my friends, they're they're
government. I mean,
&gt;&gt; yeah, you're you're wonderful, Herbert.
I love you. Thank you,
&gt;&gt; man. But some of these decisions, I
mean, I I by the way, I pick on the US
government decisions, too, recently with
tariffs, but what they're doing, I I so
I've heard some of the ministers and
some of the um the govern the governors
or or or pro providence managers,
whatever you whatever they're called.
I've heard some of them speak and they
talk about, oh, if we let China in,
we're doing this deal. It's almost like
they're trying to spite the US and maybe
they'll come in and help us, China will
help us develop our auto industry. That
ain't going to happen. Uh, so what's
going to happen is is if you allow if
first off, if you allow them to import
and sell in, they're just going to flood
your market. And anything you built at
in Ontario, at Honda, or all these other
uh Canadian manufacturers, it's not
going to be competitive. and it's going
to sit on the lot and then you're going
to be closing a lot of what your current
manufacturing is. And if you think that
they're going to come in and they're
going to what are they going to teach
you? Like give me an example of what
they're going to teach you that you
don't like that that that knowledge that
doesn't exist somewhere in the world.
That knowledge already exists. It's a
question of building the right business
model and factory and level level of
automation and making the right
decisions. You don't need to benchmark
what they're doing. You just need to
understand what they're doing and
they're not going to come to Canada and
solve your problems. They're going to
come to Canada and make money for China.
So, I don't get it. I think it's a bad
decision for Canada.
&gt;&gt; It was a quick proc. That's all it was.
It was like you buy my farm farm uh
stuff and I'll buy your you I'll let you
in auto.
&gt;&gt; Well, they're going to gut their auto
industry by doing it because China's not
going to come in and re-industrialize a
Canadian auto industry. It's not going
to happen.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, it was a bad decision. Thank you
so much, Al. It was a fantastic show
today. You are just full of great
information and uh it was good to get
your feedback on all this.
&gt;&gt; Follow Jeff on his ex account at the
Jeff Lutz. Thanks everybody.
&gt;&gt; Thanks.
&gt;&gt; I've created a website that is the most
comprehensive resource for the Tesla
investor. Please check it out. Simply go
to my website at herbert.com.