Channel:     futureaza
Title:       Why AI Data Centers Are Running Into Massive Bottlenecks
URL:         https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kQTEffkPTF0
Published:   2026-05-21 12:00 UTC
Fetched:     2026-05-21 13:00 UTC

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

I am tired of the hype and the BS. And
yes, those are the same thing. The FUD,
the fear, uncertainty, and doubt is just
the flip side of the same coin. It's
extremist rhetoric. And I'm tired of it.
We got to get real. So, we've got three
stories we're going to cover today. One
is about the horrible, awful, very bad,
no good, illegal discharge from the uh
Corpus Christi lithium refinery. One is
about doughut labs. And oh my gosh, why
can't Brian believe in unicorns? And the
third is about the Transformer shortage
from Seammens. It's a very big story,
but is it all hype? Is it all BS? Or is
it actually very real and important and
drown out by all these other things?
That's what we're going to discuss. And
when I say we, I mean me and Herbert
from Brighter. Uh he's read uh I'm going
to say a thousand stories in the last
week from the news. He has a good
barometer on these things. I'm Brian.
Welcome to Futurza.
&gt;&gt; So Herbert, we've got a whole heap and
helping of news stories to cover, but
unfortunately we're just going to cover
three cuz that's what I got time for.
This one is a story out of Corpus
Christi. Texas drainage district walked
its ditch on a routine inspection. They
found a pipe they didn't recognize
discharging black liquid from Tesla's $1
billion lithium refinery.
Question for you from a headline
perspective. What does the price of the
refinery have to do with this story?
&gt;&gt; Well, it gets you people to click then
billion dollar refinery.
&gt;&gt; Tesla's acidfree clean process lithium
refinery has been quietly distly. No,
they've been being loud about it.
Discharging 231,000 gallons of black
waste water per day into a Texas ditch.
By the way, if you discharge 231,000
gallons a day, it's no longer a ditch.
It's at least a crick uh that uh the the
owners found it by walking, not from
Tesla or state regulators. Well, we're
Is that the quietly part? So, what's
going on here? I mean, it's very dark
and murky. Uh but as I understand, the
color of the water isn't relevant to
whether or not it's poison. Uh it's just
a question of whether it's muddy. I
mean, muddy water looks very bad, but
it's just natural mud. What have you
heard about this? What's going on?
&gt;&gt; Let's go through this. So, first of all,
I think I applaud uh, you know,
environmental concerns is something we
need to really focus on. So, that is
important that we get to the bottom of
what's actually happening. Uh, like you
said, it's a billion dollar lithium
refinery that is based in Texas near
Corpus Christi. Tesla launched it what
is 2024 late or early 2025. And so it's
important to make sure that they're not
polluting the environment. And so in
January of this year, this is when it
was discovered, right? There was uh the
workers found this thing that they call
liquid that's coming through. So they
wanted to find out what's going on. Find
out there was an investigation that
happened in February. And what did they
find out there? no heavy metals, no
lithium or um and uh it was they closed
the case because there was no violations
and the samples all showed to become
compliance with what they tested. So
chloride, sulfates, oil and grease. Then
this district hired a independent
testing and then what came out of that
which is interesting was you know trace
hexavillent chromium sounds terrible.
Doesn't that sound like that movie? But
actually it was it is the movie but it's
just above detection. Like it's it's
trace amounts. Arsenic
&gt;&gt; sounds terrible but it's actually below
drinking water standards. Like
&gt;&gt; right. So if that much if that much
arsenic was in the drinking water that I
get from the city and I complained, they
would say that's how much that's less
than we're
&gt;&gt; I mean we can have more of it in there
and not be in trouble. So the February
independent review said, "Okay, there
were some things, but it was so tiny.
It's not worth it." And then the
district said, "Nope, we're going to go
ahead and uh cease and desist. We're
going to go and sue whatever." They
haven't said they're going to sue yet,
but they're going to go and investigate,
which is great. They this the two the
two companies should investigate with
each other, two organizations, and get
to the bottom of this. But right now,
they've passed the permit the comp
they're in full compliance with the
permits that they were offered. There's
there are trace amounts. Nothing to be
too concerned about yet until unless
they find out more.
&gt;&gt; Permit did not require any monitoring of
the lithium itself, which is the main
material that the facility processes and
doesn't throw in the trash. Why would
you throw that'd be like monitoring the
outfall from a gold mine to see if it
contains gold?
&gt;&gt; I don't understand the the motivation
there. Certainly test for it. certainly
test for it, but uh I'm
just, you know, I don't understand. And
of course, this article, I just see
summaries of it posted all over the
internet. My gosh.
&gt;&gt; And I'll tell you what my real problem
with this is, Herbert, is when you, not
you, of course, when a publication or an
individual starts with a lie, I just
can't believe anything you say. This is
&gt;&gt; Yeah. a nuanced story and you can put it
in a very bad light on purpose. And I
feel like that's what they've done.
&gt;&gt; Also, I think we need to consider what
what is the important what is the
important thing here, right? Do you want
North America, United States, the
country to actually lead in electric
vehicles, lead in data centers, lead in
AI, or do you not not want that to
happen and have it in somebody else's
backyard? So, do you want the
manufacturing jobs here or do you want
it to be somewhere else and yet think
that you're going to maintain your
leadership? Now, clearly there should be
standards and compliance. But this is my
point was that it is in compliance at
this point and yet the articles come out
and say lithium and Tesla's $1 billion
polluting everybody. Well, if that was
true, I'd get upset myself. But if it
isn't true, you know, what are you
trying to do? Are you trying to harm the
development in the United States? So,
&gt;&gt; it's crazy. We hear uh old stories if
you look at old like strip mines for
example where they would just blast the
side of a hill away with water and then
collect the runoff to get the gold out
of it and just who cares about
downstream terrible. Let's definitely
not do that. But there are a lot of
outdated notions that sound scary that
aren't necessarily relevant. They do
have permits for the discharge of waste
water. And the solution that is proposed
at this site is well, we want you to put
in a filtration plant so that the water
coming out is as clean as drinking
water.
&gt;&gt; Drinking water. Yeah.
&gt;&gt; And if you're going to do that, they
won't discharge the water. They'll just
reuse it like they do in Berlin.
&gt;&gt; It's just very expensive, you know. And
I understand they're saying none of this
is dangerous today, but it goes
downstream and in the future if it
builds up enough it could become
dangerous. By all means, monitor it. I'm
not saying this is no issue. I'm saying
this is an issue that deserves
additional consideration and that I'm
not qualified to make those conclusions
and neither is the author of this story.
Very frustrating, Herbert. Uh so uh
let's go to one that's a little more the
other side of it. This is the story
about uh Seaman's Transformers. A
must-read interview with a Seaman's
employee explaining just how high demand
is for energy equipment right now
because of AI. The whole situation is
shocking even for people who've been in
business for 40 years. They're getting
orders that are double the size of what
their entire factory can output in a
year. Demand is so high in the last 5 to
8 months. They don't need to convince or
send any analysis to clients because
they just want the equipment. There's so
much backlog. They just want to catch
the order. Decisions are being made very
quickly. Backlog for some of the
equipment is 5 to 6 years. For
transformers, the situation is even more
difficult. Right now, data centers do
not care about sustainability. They just
want the product. We'll worry about
sustainability later, if at all. And the
orders have gone from 20 to 30 megawatt
orders to 200 to 500 megawatt orders.
&gt;&gt; This and by the way, this is all screen
captured here. This is a post from at
Rehard Jark. I don't know. So this is
this sounds like a big deal. The margins
have gone from four to 6% up to 20 to
23% and in some cases even 40%. And the
clients know it. They don't care. just
get me the equipment. Uh, this sounds
like a big deal. I think it is a big
deal. Uh, what's going on?
&gt;&gt; Yeah. I mean, so this is the big debate
that people are having right now whether
or not the AI data centers is a is a
bubble or it's not a bubble. It is not a
bubble. You you watching Nvidia just in
grow like crazy. I just saw somebody say
that if Nvidia wasn't themselves able to
create more, if they were able to create
more, they'd sell more. They sell two
three trillion dollars worth. That is
how much demand that there is. Everybody
wants to build data centers. And the
problem is as Elon predicted that
they're going to have trouble. They they
think that they will have a data center
built in what six six months, a year,
two years. But when you actually talk to
the uh utility companies, they say no,
it's going to take two to three years.
And then of course there's the
transformer issue as well. So energy and
transformers are the two bottlenecks
which again Elon predicted that's why
he's moving off planet and about 50% of
all AI data centers are already being um
denied because of local protests but so
this transformer information that you
just shared here is actually fantastic
because this this is an absolutely
important data center data point right
this is seammens and one of the top
transformer you know providers
&gt;&gt; industrial equipment suppliers in the in
the world out there telling you some
data points to show you how much demand
has skyrocketed. The large power
transformers um the average lead time
used to be two and a half years and then
now it's gone up to what three and a
half three to five years because they
just won't be able to be able to meet
all the demand they they are in in
requirement. This is going to be the
what 50% of planned 2026 US data centers
are facing delays and cancellations. Now
this is just another issue. So is it
true? Yes.
But good thing Elon already predicted
this is going to be the next bottleneck.
First it was chips, then it's going to
be transformers, then it's going to be
energy. And that is what they're finding
out now. So you're going to see more of
these articles written like this. then
you're going to see the energy
bottleneck and then they're going to
gosh I wish we had thought two three
years ahead about going to space and
that's what Elon's already working on.
Though
&gt;&gt; there are some interesting realities
here from power plant engineers I've had
an opportunity to speak with. They say,
"Look, these big transformers, we'll
have two, three, four of them sitting
out in the lot unused because when goes
down, we can't wait 2 years. We need
it." And because the backlog is getting
longer, they're increasing the number
that they want to keep on hand, which
creates additional supply crunch. And
worth noting this supply crunch is
unique to the western world. India and
China do not have a transformer short
because those countries were still in
the process of ramping up their
electrical systems when this much demand
hit. So all they had to do was ramp a
bit more as opposed to the legacy guys
who had to start a ramp from scratch. Uh
so could we use uh Indian and Chinese
transformers in the US? I don't think I
don't think so. I don't think we would
uh want Chinese
components of that magnitude
touching our grid for national security
reasons. I don't know if the same
concerns exist for India. Perhaps if you
have an entirely off-grid system, you
could use one. But even then, I think
that would limit your future options too
much in terms of what you could do. And
Drew Baglo
&gt;&gt; left Tesla to create a transformer
company. Uh, you know, Autobots roll
out, I suppose. But his would be a solid
state solution.
&gt;&gt; Uh, which would be, you know, great.
Let's work on that, I suppose.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. By the way, uh it could be on the
other side that uh this num this you
know growth and demand that Eimont
Seammens is expla saying could be
overexaggerated. I think they themselves
have said that very clearly some of
these orders are double counted because
people are ordering and then going hey I
want to get on the line I better start
ordering now for the next you know next
lesson. though and that makes it
difficult to determine how quickly you
should increase your production. If they
were to ramp up to meet the full demand
today, they would be over capacity
tomorrow because everybody would have
their backlog. Everyone would have their
spares laying around. So, they have to
balance that because while 23% margin
sounds fantastic, you could lose all of
it if you expand too quickly. Um,
there's no magic in these devices. is
it's not like they have to go out and
mine something rare to find to discover
how to make more. They just have to
build the factories, but the factories
are expensive.
&gt;&gt; I really don't understand the the one
side that says that there is an AI
bubble that that this is I mean any
there's always bubbles, right? Because
if the frenzy happens and so it's a
matter of like what do you mean by
bubble but in terms of is AI actually
contributing to productivity? Is AI con
disrupting every single industry that we
know of? The answer is yes. And so
because of that, every company, every
country needs to build their own AI data
center and they need data centers. And
so that's why you're seeing this. Nvidia
is going to keep going up. Memory
shortage is happening. Transformer
shortage is happening. And so therefore,
go and find places like Space and other
places to build data centers. So you
don't need to worry about transformers.
&gt;&gt; Mhm. There's a misconception that a
bubble bursting inherently means the
entire house of cards comes crashing
down. When the housing bubble burst in
2008, housing did not go away.
&gt;&gt; The price just changed. Uh who was
buying it changed. How they were buying
it changed. Same with the dot burst of
2000. Uh the internet is bigger now than
it was then and has been pretty much
every year within about two years after
that. So, I could see a big shakeup
where the next big thing comes along and
the VC funding for AI dries up a bit the
way it did for
&gt;&gt; EVs before it. But that doesn't mean
that we wouldn't still have data centers
and demand for additional data centers.
Uh I don't know. We're trying to we're
trying to bring you back to reality
here, folks. Um, the best way I know to
do that uh for you guys would be to
subscribe. Would you? It doesn't cost
you anything. It's a great way to get
smarter. And speaking of smarter,
because I tell you, man,
&gt;&gt; back in January, we had this whole
Doughut Lab story.
&gt;&gt; Yeah,
&gt;&gt; Donut Labs has Oh, it's so much fun. If
if you've got a miracle new product that
will cure all your ALS, uh then the best
way to get the word out to original
equipment manufacturers who may wish to
purchase terowatts of your batteries is
to have a booth at CES with a 3D printed
mockup that isn't even the battery while
showing footage of what's clearly a
lithium battery being charged. Good
stuff. It's going to be cheaper than
lithium batteries. It's going to charge
in 5 minutes. It can have a 100,000
charge cycles without degradation and
it's going to be cheaper than anything
out there.
As with most miracle batteries, it can
do absolutely anything except leave the
lab. My problem with it at the time was
on the website it said available today.
&gt;&gt; Not soon, not next year, today. You
checked all the boxes, not some, but
all. And I said, "This is BS. I don't
buy it. You can't check all those boxes
and then go do a carnival sideshow to
promote it. That doesn't make any
sense." And I was accused of uh not not
wanting it to be true. I want it to be
true. Oh, you're just mad cuz Tesla
didn't think of it. I'm mad because it's
not real. It's
&gt;&gt; I want unicorns to exist. They don't.
&gt;&gt; No matter what you may see in my
subscribed thumbnail. Nope. No unicorns
in that one just but there are robots so
those do exist but they uh yeah so now
the latest development is we're out of
Q1 when they said they would begin
shipping they did ship one unit to
themselves that doesn't count and uh
they are now being sued by their own
technology partner who is a
whistleblower saying what they're saying
is not real.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. What's your take on all this?
&gt;&gt; Yeah, I remember when Donut Labs big a
huge uh
I don't know caught this it caught the
consumer sentiment and now I got so many
people telling me did you hear this
Tesla's toast these guys have better
batteries they've solved the problem. So
they are a small company and a spin-off
from Verge motorcycles. They made some
major claims like you said and then what
we found out was of you know when
something sounds too good to be true.
Elon actually said this a long time ago.
This is not something new where
batteries technology is absolutely going
to keep improving over and over and over
again. It's going to be breakthrough
after breakthrough. But what he wanted
everybody to understand is there's one
thing when you hear a lab tell you that
they had a breakthrough like full charge
in 5 minutes or you know 0 80% even
faster like five minutes to get the full
charge
or you know they'll say that this is
100,000 charge cycles that's 20 times
more than a standard lithium ion battery
and then all that but then these are
things that happen in a lab and Elon
said well whenever you hear this there's
a huge leap between what you can do in a
lab versus what can actually be done in
mass scale production. Come back to me
when you know you can actually prove
that this can be in mass scale
production. Now, these guys went a step
further, right? They said, "Oh, it's
already in our production vehicles.
We're going to ship them now and it's
available." And so, you know, solid
state batteries, what's proven at this
point is that no, this is not what's
happening. It's a scam. Uh, you know,
even though they themselves came out and
says, "I do not believe like they
themselves fought it." This is crazy. I
mean at some point your exaggeration,
your misrepresentation, energy density,
all that will be tested and it wasn't
there. So what do we know at this point
that they are you know it is not solid
state. It's actually semi-olid. That is
what they've done. There is no public
proof of 400 watt hour per kilogram or
anywhere near that 100,000 cycles uh
that we talked about. And um just they
said there, you know, first in
production, but like you said, there was
only like one tested.
&gt;&gt; So yeah, I it's like no proof in the
pudding.
&gt;&gt; Other manufacturers have built single
units of solid state uh battery vehicles
before, but there's a reason they only
built one. the idea that they could
leapfrog past companies like QuantumCape
in a fraction of the time with a
&gt;&gt; it can happen, but they're saying it's
all common materials. Those are the ones
that everybody tried first.
&gt;&gt; So, it can happen. But if we look at uh
Marco's history, the guy who made the
company, his previous breakthrough was
this motorcycle here. Look at the back
wheel. It's hubless.
&gt;&gt; Yes. and he said, "Yes, this motor that
we've got in here for this hubless
design, it's going to have this much
horsepower and weigh this much." And
then it came out. They've only sold a
handful and they keep very close tabs on
them. You can't just go buy one. They do
not have that horsepower. They do not
have that low weight. They are a bit of
a bear to ride. And before that, just
last year,
AGI, he solved AGI. He his company he
had a company that solved general
intelligence, artificial general
intelligence. And I even had people in
my comments saying, "Brian, you don't
understand the AGI to make the battery."
&gt;&gt; That's right.
&gt;&gt; I know. I got I got so many people
saying, "You should do a show on Donut
Labs. Have you heard?"
&gt;&gt; Yeah, I've heard enough. Key admissions.
Yeah. Uh he acknowledged that the
batteries currently being delivered
don't meet the the specs. Yeah.
&gt;&gt; Nope. No. No. for. So in terms of hype,
this is uh ridiculous. You know, this is
very uh frustrating. And what advice do
you give the public when it comes to big
big claims?
&gt;&gt; I mean I mean, aren't we living it now
with AI? Everything. It doesn't matter
if it's big claim. You just have to
always have skepticism and and find out
the question. Grock now has this nice
little thing. you you click on it, you
see us a post an article and they'll
tell you is this true and then and now
not I'm not saying Grock is 100% correct
because they it has a lot of mistakes as
well but let let Grock give you a little
guidance a little bit.
&gt;&gt; Yeah,
&gt;&gt; start there really critical thinking. I
don't know, man. I know some really
smart people who fall for some really
dumb stuff and it's frustrating. But,
uh, if
everybody knew what I knew, why would
they watch my channel?
&gt;&gt; Well, I like your your standard, uh,
Brian. You you always have kept the
standard. You've always said you do not
report if it's just a single source
rumor. You have to wait until at least
multiple sources. And of course, who are
those sources? But you you you resist
trying to come out right away.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; Yes. And that sometimes means I'm last
to a story. Uh but it also means I am
very seldom wrong. The exception to the
single source is official sources. If a
company publishes it, if a CEO tells me
something, uh I of course give that
appropriate weight. Uh because you got
to sensational, big, huge, crazy. What
am I talking about? Of course, it's the
summer meetup in Moskegan June 5th and
6th to join me. Uh this says 15 days.
It's fewer than 15 days because this was
recorded on Wednesday. Uh so this is
I've got There we go. A little easier to
see there. Look at some of these
speakers. We've got everybody including
Chris Hilbert who is a Rivian and EV
focused content creator. Uh he's the big
he's the Sawyer Merritt of Rivian. He
will be there on stage. David Moss
coming out. Pacific Northwest group
representing me and Jordan Gizigy will
be sharing the main stage for the for a
big talk and yeah all the usual crazy
folks who didn't make it to Flakow for
the XT takeover in Austria tickets
remain on sale. There's a special Friday
meet and greet if you'd like to hang out
with me and the other crazy content
creators. We can do that. That happens.
So guys, what did we miss? What do we
misunderstand? beats me, man. Leave it
in them comments below. And everyone
else, stay tuned. Stay juicy. And I
can't wait to hear from you clever
robots over on Herbert's channel. Yeah,
I read his comments, too, because I'm