Channel:     electrified
Title:       Why Tesla's Robotaxi Rollout Stalled / Many Are Wrong About Elon's Voting Percentage ⚡️
URL:         https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QdXMINGC7jU
Published:   2026-05-28 00:00 UTC
Fetched:     2026-05-28 01:00 UTC

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Welcome to Electrified. It's your host,
Dylan Lumis. A quick shout out to my
newest patrons, Paul and Patricia S. and
Glenn B. Thank you for choosing to
support the channel. So, everybody's
question right now, what's going on with
Tesla's robo taxi rollout. The third
party tracker does say that just under
80% of rides over the past 7 days have
been unsupervised. And for the 26 active
vehicles over the past 30 days, 21 of
them are unsupervised. However, for
fleet growth, you can see that as of
right around May 9th, the growth has
effectively stalled in all three cities
in Texas. We know Tesla said the first
Cyber Cab off the production line in
Texas was back February 17th, but things
started very slow and then on April
23rd, Tesla said CyberCap in production
now at Giga Texas. And then just over
two weeks after that announcement is
when we saw the pause in further robo
taxi rollouts. Chris shared this photo
today saying Dallas cyberc cab
population is multiplying but they
appear to be asleep for now. In this
photo you can see 13 cyber cabs. And
today Aron said a lot of the Model Y
that have been sitting at the Houston
robo taxi depot now have the hazards on.
He speculated something might be in the
works. Perhaps they're being retrofitted
for the rear washer camera. And he said
some of these Model Y's are launch
edition vehicles, which of course would
not be available for sale. And here's
the video he shared of all these Model
Y's in a row, many of them with the
hazards on, which of course could just
be for a software update. But here's the
main point. Those Model Y's have been
sitting there for a few weeks. Last
week, all the Model 3s, Cyber Trucks,
and non-robo taxi vehicles were removed
from that lot. The only cars that stayed
were cyber caps, normal Model Y's, and
the Model Y with the robo taxi badging.
Now, those normal Model Y's have some
activity going on. He saw an employee
opening the trunks and taking carpeting
and parts out. He was doing it in the
rain without an umbrella. Other than
that, there's constant cyber cabs and
Model Y's going in and out of that lot
daily and 15 plus working in that lot.
So, you can take all of that for what
you will. My personal take, I think it's
pretty clear that Tesla has an all hands
on deck mentality right now with the
cyber cab focusing on getting those
vehicles ready to be deployed. The pause
in Model Y deployment aligned quite well
with once Tesla got some cyber cabs
delivered to Austin, Dallas, and
Houston. So, frankly, the Model Y's with
the hazards on could just be a
distraction and Tesla is waiting to grow
the fleet until they're ready to do so
with the cyber cab. So, on one hand,
it's frustrating to wait, but if my
thesis is true, then on the other hand,
that's a good thing because that would
indicate that deployment is indeed right
around the corner. And just like I said
a week or two ago, my expectation would
be maybe 30 cyber cabs in Austin and
then somewhere between 10 and 15 in
Dallas and Houston each sometime over
the next few weeks. And given the number
of production cyber cabs we see in
places like Houston and Dallas right
now, I still think that's a very real
possibility. So again, ultimately we
should not be expecting scale. I think
it's pretty clear Tesla's going to wait
for any serious scale until we get V15.
But until that time later this year, I
think the big milestones will be cyber
cab deployment and also launching in the
new cities. I am quite confident Tesla
will not want to deal with the push back
of missing the timelines they put in the
slide deck. And as it stands now, Tesla
needs to launch in five new cities over
the next 33 days. And it should go
without saying, but something in the
slide deck should carry a lot more
weight than a comment that Elon made on
some interview and these cities were the
former. So why the delay? In my eyes,
it's pretty simple. One, it's all hands
on deck for getting the Cyber Cab FSD
ready and validated. And two, Tesla is
hyperfocused on getting ready to launch
in each of these new cities over the
next month. We saw a fairly steady
increase in Model Y's deployed to the
fleet right up until there were cyber
cabs in the equation off the production
line and on site ready to be deployed
when they get the final green light. So,
I think this pause is as simple as that
paired with Tesla's hyperfocus on these
five new cities. They're on the clock
and they know it. But that's all just my
speculation. You guys know we're big
walkers here at our house and I saw a
dirty Tesla out here with some quasi
robot legs thinking, "What's this guy up
to and I wanted to test it out." Fast
forward to today and this is the
Hypershell X Ultra S, the world's most
intuitive exoskeleton and the sponsor of
this video. The mode I use the most
often is fitness mode, which actually
adds resistance to my stride, like
walking through water to burn more
calories and train those muscles. But
for many, the primary use is to save
energy for yard work or hiking or doing
chores so you don't tire out as easily.
What a breeze.
That was so easy.
This is so cool. And just like FSD, you
really have to try it to understand it
really does lift your legs up hills and
carry you in a sense. So it feels like
you're floating, which saves a lot of
energy. So if I have to cut the grass,
for example, on a busy day, this
genuinely reduces the energy I have to
exert significantly. It reduces oxygen
consumption by up to 39% and lowers your
average heart rate by up to 42%. And
it's the world's first TUVverified
end-to-end integrated consumer
exoskeleton. So, it really feels like it
blends with your body and anticipates
what you're doing. The leg rods are
carbon fiber and the back rod is
titanium alloy and it has this advanced
soft pack comfort system. So, just know
it's stronger than aluminum and it's
lightweight at only 4 lb. One battery
lasts around 18 m per charge in eco
mode, which is around 42,000 steps. So
that could be a full day of hiking and
you can swap the batteries easily and
charge multiple battery packs at a time.
It happens to be the world's first
consumer-grade brand to be certified by
SGS, which is widely known as the
world's leading testing and inspection
company. It's built for extreme
conditions from -4° Fahrenheit up to
140°. And yes, you can control it with
your iOS or Android app or even watch OS
for realtime tracking and adjustments.
Ashley and I have had a blast using this
and it genuinely put smiles on both of
our faces multiple times. So, if you'd
like to check it out and learn more,
just click my link in the description
below. With this section, this will be
the beginning of breaking down Elon's
actual ownership and voting control at
Tesla to eventually ensure everybody
understands how that compares to his
voting and ownership control at SpaceX
and what that merger might actually look
like and why Elon would be incentivized
to do things one way or another. I also
think this is crucial for people to
understand whether anything happens with
SpaceX or not. I have seen so much miss
and disinformation about Elon's voting
control and ownership. So, I have to set
the record straight. So, the 13ga GA
that Tesla filed earlier this year
showed Elon has around 717 million
shares and they classify that as
beneficial ownership. But you need to
understand that that is a different
thing than realworld voting power. The
beneficial ownership is really just for
reporting for the SEC separately. how
things play out in the real world.
Meaning, if there was a shareholder vote
today, Elon would not have that 20%
beneficial ownership that many people
think he has. And just so you know,
throughout this whole section, I'm
rounding all of the shares, and I'm
keeping this as simple as possible. So
when somebody has the right to acquire
shares within 60 days via options, the
SEC deems that person, in this case
Elon, the beneficial owner and that
person is treated as having voting power
over those shares. But again, that is
all just for reporting on this 13G/A.
So that 717 million number that's
reported on that form, that includes the
303 million options from the 2018
compensation award and the roughly 414
million shares that Elon owns fully and
outright in the revocable trust. So,
it's true the 303 million option package
is included in that 717 million total,
but the voting rights on the options
only exist in the real world once
they're exercised and the shares are
issued. So, again, if a shareholder
meeting was today, Elon can only vote on
that 413 million share block held in the
trust. And just as an FYI, Elon's $1
billion open market purchase of Tesla
shares last year is included in that 413
million share figure in the trust. Now,
I want to pause at this point and give
one of the best tips when it comes to
just using AI and LLMs in general. And
yes, this goes for agentic workflows as
well. Anytime the output you get is
pretty dense, meaning there's a lot of
information, I highly encourage you to
just copy all of that and paste it
through other AI tools. For example, if
you get an output on Grock, take that
output and feed it into Claude or
Perplexity and ask for a deep fact
check. So, in a sense, when you do that
process over time, you continually
filter it through all of these different
models so they can all factcheck the
answer. And for me so far, this has been
the most efficient way to find the
mistakes. But my point here is if you're
not doing something like that,
factchecking the outputs. And if your
prompts are pretty basic to begin with,
like simple one or twoline questions,
then I can almost guarantee you for
something as complex as this, Elon's
voting and ownership, with all of the
twists and the turns through the courts
and the amendments that Tesla has gone
through, I can almost guarantee you're
going to end up with the wrong answer.
So, if you're concerned with accuracy,
which we all should be, start filtering
your outputs through various different
LLMs. So, back to it. Elon will only
have realworld voting power of those 717
million shares after he exercises his
303 million options, again, from the
2018 award. And thanks to a new
implementation agreement Tesla put in
place recently after the Delaware court
case ended, Elon's new window to
exercise those shares is May 21st this
year through August 15th this year.
Tesla's board did not want the eventual
exercise to be hanging over the stock.
So they shortened the window and added
vesting and holding conditions, which
I'll get to. But it's important to note
if for whatever reason Elon doesn't
exercise those shares on his own by
August 15th, Tesla will exercise them
for him. Now, to find out ownership and
voting percentages, you need a
denominator, and that is the shares
outstanding. And this right here is
where many people get tripped up. So,
the 303 million options are included in
that 13GA form, but they're only
included for Elon. And when you're
trying to calculate his ownership
percentage, again, that's because of an
SEC rule that if you have ability to
take control of those shares within 60
days, the SEC classifies them as
beneficially owned, which is what that
form 13 is reporting. However, those
shares from those options are not yet
outstanding for Tesla's total share
count or for other shareholders. So, the
real outstanding share count for Tesla
will not include those 303 million
shares until Elon exercises them and
they're issued. So, Tesla's actual
outstanding shares as it stands now, 3.7
billion. Once again, for Elon and SEC
rules, adding the 303 million options
would take the outstanding share count
to 4.06 billion. Then on that form,
we're told Tesla's subtracting the 96
million shares for that CEO interim
award that Elon no longer needed because
he won the Delaware court case, which
takes the outstanding shares back down
to 3.9 billion. And then Tesla is
subtracting the 423 million shares for
the newer 2025 award, taking the shares
outstanding for Elon to 3.5 billion
shares. Which brings us to another
important point. The 423 million shares
for that 2025 award are structured so
Elon has no voting control over them
right now. That's because they're still
unearned. They are subject to a voting
agreement where an irrevocable proxy was
given to Tesla's secretary to vote the
shares proportionately to the votes of
the other shareholders including Elon.
So for example, if 65% of all the other
shares vote yes, then those 423 million
shares will also vote 65% yes. This will
remain the case until Elon starts
unlocking each tunch. And further, those
423 million shares are already included
in the outstanding share count today.
And the shares would be voted
proportionately today if there were a
vote. So only the voting rights will
transfer to Elon when each tunch is
earned and Tesla's outstanding share
count will not increase because again
that block of shares is already
included. And then once Elon starts
earning each trunch of that 2025 award
by hitting those market cap and
operational milestones, Elon will gain
the voting rights on those shares at
that time. And since there are 12
tanches, each tunch is worth around 35
million shares. So with that
understanding, I want to start fresh and
show you the difference. Going back to
the numbers just for SEC reporting,
Tesla's taking those 717 million shares
and dividing that by the 3.5 billion
shares outstanding to get Elon's 20.3%
beneficial ownership. That was the
calculation we ran above right here. And
that's exactly how Tesla came to those
numbers. And again, because the 303
million options, Elon has the ability to
own them within 60 days, it's included
in that beneficial ownership. Even
though technically in the real world
right now, Elon does not have voting
power of those. So for actual real world
voting power, if there were a meeting
today, when it comes to the 413 million
shares Elon fully owns in the trust,
yes, Elon can vote those shares. When it
comes to the 2018 award, the 303 million
options, no, he cannot vote those shares
yet. And when it comes to the newer 2025
award, and that 423 million shares, no,
Elon does not have voting rights of
that. So, you would take the 413 million
shares he fully owns in the trust
divided by 3.75 billion shares
outstanding to get Elon's current
realorld voting percentage of 11%. And
from there, we can take a look at what
Elon's voting control would be like
after exercising those 2018 award
options, which again is going to happen
in the next few months. The deadline for
that is August 15th. It's going to
happen one way or another. So Elon's
voting control in the real world would
be the 413 million in the trust plus the
303 million options then takes him to
717 million shares with voting control.
and the 303 million gets added to the
denominator because the shares are
actually issued. So 717 million divided
by 4.059 billion would give Elon a 17.6%
voting control, which is where Elon will
end up in a matter of a few months. But
he could also do it himself any time
now. So after exercising those options,
Elon's voting power will go from 11% up
to 17.6%. Just remember there are
conditions for Elon on these shares for
when they vest and when he can sell them
at exercise, which will happen here
shortly. Elon gets the voting control,
but they're still going to be restricted
and they still need to vest. And we
don't need to get into the detail today,
but Elon and Tesla set a pretty unique
precedent here for how they're handling
the tax implications of this. But the
takeaway is the tax events will most
likely be pushed to 2028 when the shares
vest, not when they're exercised. And
again, that's because the shares are
restricted when they're issued to keep
Elon at Tesla. Plus, there's a 5-year
holding period through 2033, and that
counter starts when the shares vest in
2028, meaning the only way Elon can
really sell that portion of shares
before 2033 is to pay for taxes. And
then finally, if and when Elon earns all
of the 2025 award tunches, which would
mean Tesla is up around an $ 8.5
trillion company and has hit all of
those operational milestones. At that
point, Elon would have voting control
over those $423 million shares in
addition to the earlier two blocks we
talked about for a total of 1.14 billion
voting shares divided by the outstanding
share count at the time, which would
still be that 4.059 059 billion because
this award is already included as of
today, taking Elon up to a 28.1%
ownership total. Just know there are
always things that can change these
numbers like how Elon decides to
exercise those options, how he decides
to pay for taxes, will Tesla buy back
shares over the next few years, and of
course the big one, will there be a
merger with SpaceX? But hopefully it's
now abundantly clear that the 20%
beneficial ownership for Elon of Tesla
is not his current realworld voting
power. That number still sits at 11%.
But sometime on or before August 15th,
that number should jump up to 17.6%.
And the plan is clearly on the table.
And Elon has a path to get over his
desired 25% ownership and voting
control, which might happen somewhere
around tranch 8 or 9. And this will all
come back into play once we start
talking about Elon's control of SpaceX
and how a merger would change both of
those scenarios. And just to add to the
hype, one of Elon's friends, Peter D.
Amandis, who's also an early SpaceX
investor, just said a post IPO merger
between SpaceX and Tesla is inevitable.
and just a question of timing and the
main reason he gave because Elon will
want to consolidate control aka voting
power as one thing across his companies.
The combination makes sense because it
would give Elon the super voting rights
he has at SpaceX where he had 85.1%
control before the filing for an IPO but
lacks at publicly held Tesla. as we just
walked through. Elon's super voting
rights at SpaceX give him significantly
more control than his stake at Tesla,
which of course is factual. But again,
I'll come back in one of my next few
episodes and tie this all together and
go through the same thing with Elon at
SpaceX. And most importantly, I'll also
try to clarify what that would look like
in the event of a merger given his
ownership and voting at each individual
company. Tesla's newest Mega Pac 3 will
be heading to one of Europe's most
significant battery storage projects
with Spy Belgium installing 180 units.
This will be built on the site of a
former power plant and is expected to
become one of the biggest battery parks
currently under construction in Belgium.
Work has already started with Spy
scheduled to begin installation and grid
connection work in November this year.
Testing and commissioning are expected
to be completed by the end of 2027. Spy
says the project will have a storage
capacity of several hundred megawatt
hours and a total project value of more
than $116 million. And yes, this project
is notable because it'll be one of the
first large-scale deployments of the
Mega Pac 3 in Europe. Today we got the
new ACA data for Tesla and overall sales
year to date. So now we have information
through April. And zooming out, new EU
car registrations overall were up by
4.2%. And year-to- date, full battery
electric cars accounted for 19.7% of the
EU market, an increase from 15.3% one
year ago. But hybrid registrations were
38.2% of the market, remaining the
preferred choice among consumers in the
EU. And just looking by country, once
again, year-to- date, January through
April, the number one country for full
BEV is Germany, and that figure is up
41.3%
year-over-year. The second biggest
market by raw BEV volume is France and
that market is up 48.2%
year-over-year. Those were the only two
countries over six figures so far year
to date for full BEV. And the third
place crown just for the EU goes to
Belgium with over 53,400
BEVs sold in the first four months of
the year. And now looking by
manufacturer, this will be for the EU,
EFTA, and the UK. As always, we are
going to focus on the right hand
columns, which is the year-to-ate data.
So, Tesla's sales in the first four
months of the year are up 45.8%
sitting at 89,429.
That's up from 61,343
during the first 4 months last year,
which takes Tesla's overall market share
from 1.4% last year up to 1.9% this
year. Now, look, I know I sound like a
broken record, but we have to remember
Q1 and Q2 of last year, Tesla was
changing over to the new Model Y and the
new Model 3. So, it's really not a great
comparison, but clearly Tesla has some
level of sales momentum, which hopefully
will be expedited with a broader roll
out of supervised FSD later this year.
But I have to at least point out that
Tesla has been outsold by Sherry Auto in
the first four months of the year, who
has seen sales growth of 338%
compared to last year. And BYD also
outpaced Tesla in these markets, coming
in over 101,000 sales, and they're up
nearly 144% year-over-year. So, in my
eyes, the main story lines really are
the Chinese automakers are flooding
these markets and hybrids are still
winning out more than BEVs. So, BYYD and
Sherry Auto are blazing hot right now
with raw numbers that actually exceeded
Tesla in the first four months of the
year. Now, yes, their price points are
lower and they have more models
available, but I still think it's worth
pointing out. Joe Tetmier said, "Big
news at the Optimus 10 million unit per
year factory construction site today.
The first steel structure has been
erected and as expected, the second
phase of land reclamation is underway."
And here's the screenshot from Joe
showing that first steel going up. Tesla
Inside shared a pretty impressive clip
of supervised FSD in the Netherlands.
There was a lot going on in that scene
and it handled it seemingly flawlessly.
But on the other hand, we have 14.3
pulling parking behavior like this where
it clearly would have went right into
that shopping cart stall had Chris not
intervened. So parking remains a mystery
and I have been getting some phantom
braking on 14.3 in pretty limited
testing so far. But remember the biggest
takeaway about 14.3 should be Tesla
rewriting the compiler and the runtime
from the ground up. So, this should
serve as a building block that Tesla can
now build on more successfully with
future releases. The FAA has ordered
SpaceX to investigate why its Starship
booster failed during the recent test
flight. This means SpaceX will have to
pause any further Starship test launches
until the investigation is complete. But
this type of investigation is fairly
routine. It's happened multiple times
for SpaceX in the past. The FAA said the
mishap involved the super heavy booster
as it flew back to the Gulf of America
after stage separation. There are no
reports of public injury or damage to
public property. Essentially, these
investigations are just for both
entities to figure out what went wrong
and do what they can to correct it going
forward. And given it was the first
launch of Starship V3, I think to some
degree this should almost have been an
expected outcome because there were so
many new aspects of that design. So,
when you see these headlines that can be
taken out of context, just know it's not
nothing, but it's also not really a big
deal. The CEO of United Airlines just
said that they plan to have Starlink on
its entire fleet by next year. And he
said Starlink on 100% of the United
Airlines fleet will be the biggest
differentiator for United versus every
other airline, at least until the others
get caught up. Now, to be clear, that's
really not a new timeline. that one's
been out there, but this just serves as
a confirmation they're on track. And
more importantly, their CEO is now
saying they see it as one of the biggest
differentiators for them. The FTSC
Russell indices have officially
announced their fast entry enhancements
for certain IPOs. And you better believe
it, this was largely put in place for
SpaceX. Previously, certain companies
like SpaceX wouldn't be able to join the
index until maybe a few months after IPO
at a quarterly rebalancing. But now,
these new rules allow for a company like
SpaceX to join the index 5 days after
IPO. And without getting into the weeds,
SpaceX should easily meet all of the
criteria, which means more forced buying
just a few days after the IPO when the
hype will still be fresh.
SpaceX is our is probably our greatest
uh you know commercial space company
hands down. We rely on SpaceX heavily to
put our astronauts to and from the
International Space Stations. We just
modified an award to provide up to I
think six additional missions uh to
SpaceX in that regard.
&gt;&gt; Rivian said today it's R2 will be
launching on June 9th. Order invites and
first customer deliveries and demo
drives begin. I'll have the blog post
below with a lot more information and
the FAQ for those interested. And it
should go without saying, but the
success or failure of the R2 line will
likely be a make orb breakak type moment
for Rivian. Early this morning, Elon
said, "I just left the SpaceX AI office
at 2:45 a.m. and people were still
going. I think we might be close to a
significant breakthrough in training."
Tesla stock closed the day at $440.36
up 1.56% while the NDX was down 0.09%.
The volume was 25% below the average.
Don't forget check out Hypershell linked
below for those interested. If you
haven't tried out these exoskeletons
yet, I think this would be an awesome
place to start. Hope you all have a
wonderful day and a huge thank you to
all of my Patreon supporters.