Channel:     brighterwithherbert
Title:       Legacy Automakers Are Running Out Of Time! Here’s Why
URL:         https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=79HCQvhD1Vs
Published:   2026-05-14 18:30 UTC
Fetched:     2026-05-14 19:00 UTC

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

As the world transitions beyond just
electric vehicles, but now self-driving
transportation, what will happen to the
legacy automakers? They either don't
seem to get it or are just stuck in a
hard place and are only now trying to
survive. While Tesla sales are now
rebounding, and this is happening before
even full self-driving technology
becomes a true demand driver, Legacy
Auto seem to be dying at slow death.
Audi just released their brand new Q9, a
three row SUV for the US market, but the
interior already looks 8 years old.
Mazda just announced it's once again
slowing down its transition to electric
vehicles and is now delaying the launch
of their first dedicated EV platform
until at least 2029. They also cut in
half their investments in EVs and
instead focusing on hybrids and gas
cars. Honda strategy is unraveling
worldwide as the CEO tears up his old
plan and draws a new one in the face of
the company's first ever fullyear loss.
Porsche will cut more than 500 jobs and
is exiting three non-car making business
lines as the company focuses on its core
luxury vehicles. Today, let's explore
what to expect. It's clear though the
status quo is about to be disrupted big
time. We have Brian White joining us
today. He's one of our only true Tesla
journalists. Check out his YouTube
channel, Futurazza, for exclusive
onground factory tours and interviews.
Welcome, Brian.
&gt;&gt; Great to be here. Yeah, lots to cover.
Excited to get into it. I mean this
notion that the automakers are dead. Uh
it's not happened. We haven't seen
anyone. Some are really at the brink
though, right? Nissan, Honda.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, Nissan's really struggling.
Subaru's numbers are quite bad. It's
surprising to me. If you'd have asked me
10 years ago from which country would
the Lagards be, I would not have guessed
Japan. They've been very forward
thinking with their engineering up
until, you know, now. Uh so this is
unfortunate but hey it's where we're at
&gt;&gt; now. The signs are all there though. Uh
we've been reporting left, right, and
center just pullbacks, massive losses,
right downs of EV investments, sales not
happening, uh firings, closing down of
factories, uh pulling back their plans
for EVs. Almost everyone has has done
this. Tesla, of course, has now
rebounded, it looks like, across the
world for EV sales, and they're at the
brink of introducing full self-driving,
which uh is going to be a demand driver.
But the car makers, I wanted to see what
your thinking is of how much longer we
should wait for them.
&gt;&gt; Here's Audi, brand new Q9. Great, great
company. I like Audi's a lot. Here's a
three U three row SUV for the US market.
And then Sawyer thinks that the interior
already looks eight years old. Um,
&gt;&gt; yeah. Well, mo I mean, if I only had one
question, it would be what what what are
you guys doing here? Are you getting
paid by the button? This is uh honestly
it doesn't look 8 years old or 10 years
old. To me, this looks like Nightrider
from the 80s. Again, I just do not know
what you're doing. The other day I made
a post on X where uh it was in reply to
Jim Farley who said we are all in on EVs
and I said you are not. That is a lie.
That is demonstrabably false. And a
bunch of Ford defenders jumped up and
said no no no they are. I said do you
know what allin means? If I'm 20 or 25%
in on something that's not allin. If I'm
playing poker and I push a quarter of my
chips forward and go I'm all in. They'll
say do you know what that word means?
No, I don't because I'm built Ford
tough. Uh, and really I think the slogan
is actually built forward tough. So, I
think that these these guys are not all
in. They're it's all half measures.
They're they're they're not serious and
they're going to have to get serious and
they know that. So, when it comes to
Ford and GM, they're prime bailout
candidates if they get to that point.
They're nowhere near that point because
they're selling the most profitable dino
burners for now. people. Oh, Toyota,
they're going to be bankrupt in 10 years
or five year. Guys, they're not. They
are too big to fail and they're
profitable right now. What a lot of
these companies are doing though is
retreating to their own borders, which
is not how you win an international um
place, you know, it's it's it's a war
and you if you're fighting it at home,
you're on the defense. You're at risk of
being conquered. They are um struggling.
And if you're not selling the powertrain
that is going to be mandatory in every
developed country where car sales are
big, if you're not winning that race,
you're not in the correct race.
&gt;&gt; Very good points. I my thing about this
is that you have to think about the
three regions. You got the Asia-Pacific,
China, and then specifically China,
let's say, let's call it that. Then
you've got Europe, and then you got
North America. Each one of them have
different rates of EV adoption. So in
China, they just hit their all-time
high. 40 plus percentage of all new cars
sold there now electric vehicles,
battery electric vehicles, not hybrid.
If you add the hybrids, it's been well
over 50% since last year. They are the
leaders. That transition has clearly
happened. And so hundreds of EV
companies, they're battling it out. And
that's the blood bath that's happening
there. But all sales or few car
companies are surviving who sell hybrids
or most more like the gas cars. So we've
seen
German cars, the legacy US cars,
American cars retreat. They're no longer
they used to have 15% of their sales in
China. That's gone. In Europe that's
again rebounding and most is electric
vehicle that's happening there as well.
And that's where you're seeing the
struggles of the European legacy autos.
In the US though, luckily for them, they
it's only know what 9% of all sales here
are electric vehicles, maybe jumping up
to 10% this year. It's much slower here.
These guys have a longer lifeline than
the others, but they they're watching
their global uh presence decrease.
They're losing sales everywhere except
for the US, and that's what's keeping
them up. So these guys, they can retreat
back to gas cars and to hybrids, which
is basically a fake gas car pretending
to be an EV. Uh, and then and then
that's how they're that's how they'll
survive for a lot longer. That's but but
you know, everyone else, they're
struggling big time.
&gt;&gt; I just wanted to give a quick
explanation for folks who might not know
the difference between a hybrid and an
extended range EV because they both burn
dyno juice. There's no mistaking that.
But the real difference is a hybrid is a
gas car that has some electric
components that help drive it. And an
ERV is an electric car with a generator.
Uh those can be a little bit more
efficient than a hybrid uh if you build
it right, but who knows who's actually
building them right or even trying these
days. This last weekend I went down to
Plat Automotive uh Plat Auto Group in
Milwaukee, Oregon. did four test drives
of four vehicles that were not Teslas uh
to make reviews. They're coming out all
through this week.
&gt;&gt; The Wagon Ear S. What are you thinking?
The Cadillac Lyric, not much better. Uh
it's just crazy to see. And all of them
are just cars. It's very disappointing.
&gt;&gt; Yep. Let's uh take a look at other
announcements. All of this happened in
the last two days, by the way. So, it's
it's pretty scary. Mazda delays first
dedicated EV to 2029 as it doubles down
on hybrids. They're again slowing down
their transition to EVs, announcing it
will delay the launch of its first
dedicated EV until 2029. Jeez. And then
uh they're also reducing their EV
investment through 2030 from 1.5 which
is what is this 1.5
&gt;&gt; 8ish billion 10 9 billion
&gt;&gt; yen
&gt;&gt; to roughly 830 billion yen. So about
half almost half
&gt;&gt; that's it. and they're redirecting their
resources towards hybrids and internal
combustion development as global demand
for hybrid vehicles continues to grow.
The Mazda CEO said the company
intentionally avoided overcommitting to
EV spending too early, a strategy he now
suggests is paying off.
We didn't turned out to be the right
call by not moving, which is true. uh as
as as automakers around the world
reassess electrification plans amid
softer than expected EV demand. That's
what they're blaming it on. And of
course the re regulations in North
America and Europe. We made the decision
before we started for battery EVs. We
were always careful. That's his
thinking.
&gt;&gt; So that's that's a real dumb take by
Mazda. And I'm just going to step in
here and correct them. They're saying
it's a good thing we didn't train for
the marathon because our flight wound up
cancelled. No, no, no. you should have
trained for the marathon. You didn't
know that the flight was getting
cancelled. Uh so very very backwards
take. They're justifying their inaction,
their laziness, and their complacency.
And I'm sorry, Mazda, but I'm not here
for it. Yeah, that that was a it's a
good excuse. And then here's their
plans. They are going to focus on
hybrids. They're wrapping instead of
wrapping up EVs, they're planning to
focus heavily on hybrids over the next
several years. the redesigned CX-5. It's
going to arrive with a hybrid v variant
in 2027.
Uh plans to launch three additional
hybrid models 2028 and 2030. So
basically hybrids are gas cars and
they're going to add a little thing just
to pretend that it's uh anything other
than that. So that's sad, but that's
what they're doing. That's what they
have to do.
&gt;&gt; Um I'm looking up to see what year. So
yeah, I thought so. So, the Prius is
over 30 years old.
&gt;&gt; You couldn't have done that then, Mazda.
You couldn't have followed them within
five or 10 years. You waited a
generation and a half. You waited until
your current college graduate engineers
were nearing retirement to actually make
your first hybrids. That is insane. Uh,
if Mazda fails, I would point to that
and say, "This is why you deserve to.
You could have given your customers 30%
better gas mileage and you chose not to.
How dare you? That's my thinking.
&gt;&gt; Mazda's not going to survive. Honda's
not going to survive. Nissan's not going
to survive. And they tried. Honda and
Nissan tried to merge and then they
broke up. And then now and then
everybody I asked in that in that space,
they said, "Are these guys too big to
fail?" And they're not. Toyota is too
big to fail. But these three, I think
&gt;&gt; the government's going to let them die.
That's the problem. When we saw the
merger, that was the first thing I think
you and I discussed was if they merge
two of them or three of them, they
become too big to fail and then they
just couldn't get along. So, all right.
Well, I mean, good luck. I'm I'm sure
you'll do great.
&gt;&gt; That's Honda Nissan. And here's Honda.
The latest story on Honda was that their
CEO
said that the their strategy is
unraveling worldwide. And he so he
teared up his old plan and draws up a
new one in the face of the company's
first ever fullyear loss. They're on the
way out. Embattled CEO
scrambles for reboot in face of historic
loss from bad bet on EVs.
Good thing uh good thing Maza didn't
bad.
&gt;&gt; Well, and it's it's a good thing we
didn't go on that trip. We might have
gotten food. Yes. But you might have
also had a fantastic trip. And there are
ways to avoid food poisoning on trips.
You should have gone. You should have
had the adventure. Yeah, you stayed home
and did the safe thing, but now you
haven't grown as a person or as an auto
company, I guess. All right, those are
the Japanese ones. And here's more news
about European companies. Porsche will
cut more than 500 jobs and exit three
non-car making business lines as the
company refocuses on its core luxury
vehicles.
&gt;&gt; What? Three non-car making business
lines? I don't know what they are.
&gt;&gt; Does that mean I have to get my my
Porsche hat from Teeu now?
&gt;&gt; I don't know what they're talking about.
Yeah, definitely. Focus. I don't know.
Porsche's made some pretty tragic
missteps. That was a real profit center
in the VW group. Um I don't know how
they've goofed it so bad, but u you
know, big, loud, noisy, fast cars are
maybe not what they used to be.
Fortunately, you've got the geniuses at
Mercedes-Benz
injecting V8 noises into it. And Jack at
Plaid Auto was telling me he goes, "Oh,
it's better." And he told me which car.
But there's some cars where you can set
it in gas car mode. And what it'll do is
not just make the vroomi vroomies, but
you have to shift. And if you don't
shift in time, it'll pretend like you're
redlinining and not give any more power.
And if you shift too soon, it'll bog
down. It'll pretend we're playing
makebelieve out. They're on the real
road uh with our, you know, poker cards
and our bicycle spokes to make it sound
like a big mean machine. I don't know
what they're doing.
&gt;&gt; I don't know what they're doing. Okay.
But, um, Porsche is a brand. It's a
great brand. It is one of the best
brands out there. People want to own a
Porsche. And so, what do you think is
going to happen to that brand? Do you
think they'll survive? I mean, I think
they will. I think that this this is one
example. It doesn't matter if they stay
with gas cars, people will still buy
them. Yeah, absolutely. They're the fun
top end of what Volkswagen owns. And if
for some reason they had a prolonged
period of financial downturn, again,
Volkswagen's too big to fail, Porsche is
within the Volkswagen group. Um, they'll
be fine. And at some point it'll turn
around and they'll be wildly profitable.
Again, I have absolute confidence
they'll be fine. Although the only thing
would be I think that the brand is a
sports car
&gt;&gt; and it's something that people want to
be seen in and it's gorgeous design but
if it's if you know I think we're almost
here where people realize now that these
gas cars are not fast compared to
electric vehicle cars you know yes like
how many how many times have you you're
gonna need to see an EV a Model 3
a cheap car
burn past a Porsche Uh, and and this
once somebody even gets in and in the EV
and feels the, you know, the instant
torque and the movement and the
everything about it, it just you then
start looking at these cars differently.
You go, "Yeah, they're not as cool as I
thought they were."
&gt;&gt; When we were out at the speedway in uh
Clearwater, Florida in I guess that
would have been about December,
November, December, uh there was on the
drag strip, we were allowing gas cars to
come out and show their show us what
they got. guy came out in his Cadillac
Escalade that he had modified to make it
even faster. And I said, "Oh no, does he
know what he's doing?" And the guy very
proud of himself, "I'm gonna crush this.
You guys don't know how fast my Cadillac
is." And he lined up against a and I
said, "Oh, please tell me it's not a
Cyber Beast." No, it's not a Cyber
Beast. It's an all-wheel drive. And of
course, the all-wheel drive Cybert truck
took him to school. It was embarrassing.
And meanwhile, this poor aszthmatic
screaming goat of a car uh is doing its
best, but there's only so much you can
do in a steampunk era. Didn't work. It
was embarrassing.
&gt;&gt; That noise that you were talking about,
it's it's interesting because it it is
kind of cool, right? When you we grew up
with this, when you hear the engine
noise
and it's like, "Oh my god, that is
powerful." Because that shows you power
and then it then it takes off and it
goes crazy. Now it's it's turning into,
you know, we laugh at it. Like my wife
will laugh at this go. It's like all
that power. It's like a it's like a a
cat, a little tiny kitten screaming with
a lion's roar and yet you see that it's
actually a kitten
&gt;&gt; and you just go, "That's adorable.
&gt;&gt; It's adorable."
&gt;&gt; I was at sales center event in F. Uh
Teresa was there. It was an owner's club
thing and it's right next to the freeway
and we hear some guy out there running
his little four cylinder car as fast as
noisy as it'll go. And I turned and
said, "It's adorable, isn't it?" Look at
him go. Hey, if I can hear your car, it
ain't fast.
&gt;&gt; It ain't fast. All right, so Brian, here
we go. We've We're watching this in slow
motion, right? I mean, I don't know how
many stories we've had to report on this
automaker, that automaker cutting,
losing, uh, stopping factories, pulling
back on EVs, pulling back on batteries.
Um, it's it's like we're we're getting
into the u Oh gosh, I wish I forgot that
I was going to show a slide that showed
you the all the the list of all the top
selling EVs.
And it's pretty sad for everybody. In
Q1, you will see like thousands, you
know,
&gt;&gt; right?
&gt;&gt; Yeah. You know what I'm talking about?
Yeah.
&gt;&gt; You can find it.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Keep talking while I I see if I
can find it. But, um,
&gt;&gt; so the thing about this slide is that it
goes Model Y at the top and the Model Y
line had to be truncated because it's so
long that the rest of the chart would
look like no cars at all. If it's the
one I'm thinking of that's in the US,
there are Yeah, there's too many. Uh,
too many companies are
swearing that they're serious this time
and I will wait until they prove it. I
am done listening to the promises of a
bunch of models and uh a bunch of
amazing engineering especially when when
the engineering does come out. It's not
great. I'm thinking of the Jeep Wagon
Ear S that I drove over the weekend.
1000 plus horsepower. None of it to the
ground. It was shockingly uh poor
traction control. H when I stomped on
it, it it didn't go all that fast. Jack
told me, "You gota you got to put it in
sport mode, but be advised in sport
mode, you don't have traction control."
Like, well, that's insane. So, it was
just terrible designing.
&gt;&gt; F did find it. Thank you for giving me
the time there. Thank you from Jan of EV
EV Wire and the EV universe data from
KBB Kelly Blue Book. Here are all the EV
models in the US ranked by how many were
sold in Q1. This is US EVs.
Okay, so if you look at this list,
&gt;&gt; obviously it's great. I mean, you've got
uh Tesla sold 78,000
&gt;&gt; Model Y's.
&gt;&gt; They sold 31,000 Model 3s. So Tesla sold
100,000 EVs in Q1. Okay. Uh actually I
don't see Oh, there it's a Cybert truck.
3,519. Very tiny. This is tiny. Then you
got the Model S.
Where's the Model S?
&gt;&gt; So I'm going to tell you this is kind of
funny because you just rounded and said
they sold 100,000, but it's not 100.
It's almost 110. And that's funny to me
because while you're correct, right,
&gt;&gt; that rounding error is larger than the
BZ.
&gt;&gt; Right. Okay. Sorry, you're right. That's
a very good point.
&gt;&gt; That's how far out in the lead it is.
&gt;&gt; That's my point. That was my point. The
next big one is Toyota BZ, which is
great. Toyota's got a brand name and
they they they've, you know, they
they've got a car that's selling 10,000.
That's a decent number. That's okay,
right? 10,000. Let's say, you know, by
the end of the year they sell 50,000,
whatever. It's good. But I'm just so sad
to see all the others here.
&gt;&gt; Even the cattle, the Cybert truck at
3,500, that is too small. And then now
we're talking thousands. All these guys
under here. So only what is it? Only you
know 21 sold over a thousand cars in Q1.
The rest
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; 20 plus 25 others sold less than a
thousand cars. They're tiny.
&gt;&gt; This is not nothing. Like my wife saw
this this commercial on the Mercedes
EQE. Fantastic commercial. Great. And
the EQS, right? She saw this commercial
and she was going great cars. I go,
"Yeah, they're probably good cars, but
unfortunately they only sold 200 cars in
the
&gt;&gt; So, if you look at number 55, there's
that Jeep Wagon Ear S. It's about an
$80,000 car. And if you want one for
half price, they've got it at uh Plat
Auto with, I'm not joking, a couple
thousand miles on it." That's how I I
can't speak to the motivation of the
seller. And at 21, the Cadillac
Fishtick. I uh went and drove that as
well. Those are both 6,000 pound rigs
that have 100 plus kilowatt hour packs
and charge at I I want to say 150
kilowatts is the max. So, you're going
to you're going to be there a minute
while you juice it up. These guys, it
just doesn't feel like they're trying.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. It's sad because I think uh the
number I always say was you need to be
selling at least 200,000 cars a year
&gt;&gt; in order for you to take advantage of um
you know scale, price, supplier, all
that
&gt;&gt; and uh and and then this just us. So if
you then go and go global then okay
maybe
&gt;&gt; and if you look at
&gt;&gt; yeah there are great names on here. The
uh Kia EV9 at 2700
that's that's disappointing. Uh, so at
number 15, it's just disappointing. The
Ionic 5 at 10,000, I mean, I guess
that's okay, but
it's just it's not going great.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. I mean, Rivian, everybody sees
that. They know that they're, you know,
pure EV play. They're trying to make it
and they only sold 5,000. So, it's like,
&gt;&gt; you know, it's like they're they're
good, but they need to survive. And you
can't be surviving just selling 5,000 a
quarter,
&gt;&gt; right? And these are US only numbers,
but for Rivian, US only is kind of their
their global number two
&gt;&gt; because they really don't sell outside.
&gt;&gt; When when I saw this and I thought,
whoa, Toyota is right at the top there.
Okay, they're doing okay.
&gt;&gt; But I just think it's because it's the
brand, right? The the brand Toyota. And
people just say, hey, I'm going to, you
know, I trust the Toyota. And know maybe
also because of their um history with
hybrids.
&gt;&gt; Yes. Um I have not driven the BZ. The
Sultterra I was going to drive but uh it
was not available on over the weekend.
They are genuinely uh uninspired cars.
They're they have like 200 horsepower in
a world of you know 500 to,000
horsepower vehicles. The charging is not
very fast. The styling is questionable
to be polite. Um I don't know outside of
brand loyalty. I think these would be
the biggest flop on the list.
&gt;&gt; And then Hyundai's are actually good
cars. I've
&gt;&gt; Hyundai's are good cars. By the way, the
Cadillac Vistic has the hugest front end
I've ever seen and no frunk.
&gt;&gt; I don't know. Never seen that.
&gt;&gt; Cadillac Vistic.
&gt;&gt; You're missing nothing.
&gt;&gt; And then what do you think about
Cybertruck, though? That's a failure.
&gt;&gt; Yep. I I would really have expected it
to be selling vastly more. I think if
this $59,000 variant is profitable, they
should bring it back and just start
selling those because the production
line is is running so low compared to
capacity, it is very difficult for them
to make money.
&gt;&gt; Now, I've heard that the that that new
variant, the price point, this is
probably uh the Q1. So, the new price
point that's going to start showing up
and I think that number is going to go
up now because I hear I'm hearing that
the production is going out. Like Joe
Techmar is watching it. It looks like
it's it's
watching his footage. I'm watching his
coverage. What I'm waiting to see is the
steel wheels show up from the drone. You
can't tell from the knees up if that's a
bargain cybert truck or the expensive
one. But looking at the wheels is the
giveaway. And I have yet to see the
steel wheels. So, I'm not sure when they
will begin production. They're supposed
to be begin deliveries in June. So,
we've still got weeks for that. And uh
it does it what we what I'd really like
to know is how many of them they sold
because I suspect the number is pretty
good.
&gt;&gt; I think it's going to be good. It's
price point has always been the whole
point about uh I think vehicles. All
right. So, what's your guess? Can you
predict a little bit of the future?
What's going to happen to these legacy
automakers?
&gt;&gt; Oh.
So,
Stalantis is no longer in the running
for US big too big to fail status.
That's unfortunate. Um, Kia and Hyundai
will do fine. They're being very
aggressive with their EV moves
internationally and in the US. Um, when
it comes to US automakers, boy, I just
don't I just don't know what you're
doing. The
they're they're retreating to their
shores. Uh so if you're asking who is
likely to fail first among legacy car
companies, you might see some subbrands
disappear, contract out of existence the
way, you know, Saturn did or what was
the other one? Oldsmobile, is that gone?
Pontiac maybe. You know, brands within
brands that could that could shrink out
of existence. But I think uh yeah,
Nissan,
Honda, but really uh I mean Mitsubishi,
I don't know. They've got other
divisions that could save them. Uh but
in they may just exit the automotive
space. So yeah, and in the US, we're
just kind of out of car companies if the
Saudi Sovereign Fund decides to treat
Lucid the way they did the live golf
tournament tour thing. They pulled
funding for that golf uh endeavor and
now it's gone. It's just gone because
their funding was too significant. If
they stop funding Lucid, it's gone. Just
it's just done day one. Oh, Apple should
buy them. They will not. It's not the $2
billion price tag that gets you. Like
any good luxury car, it's the
maintenance. It's the burning a billion
a day kind of thing that gets you. It's
not a billion a day, but it'll sure feel
like it. If Apple wanted to lose
billions and billions, endless billions
on a car, they would have just continued
their own internal project. Um, so, and
of course, while Lucid's IP surely has
value, it doesn't have that much value.
It's it's it's a bad deal. So, I think
any of the startups that are not yet
profitable are in serious danger. Rivian
and Lucid and among Legacy, I would say
Nissan is the one that I'm most
concerned about. Here here's my take on
this is that I think that we've been
watching slow slow I would let's say
let's not call it slow death but slow
painful injury to these like they're not
healthy okay none of these automakers
are healthy on that entire list none of
them are healthy
um and it's what's happening though I
think with full self-driving coming out
we're watching robo taxis rolled out all
different kind of car companies not
vendors not just Tesla and Then but
Tesla specifically with full
self-driving becoming a thing I think
that that will uh be the this is the
maybe in a couple years from now next
year people will realize that they want
to have self-driving cars. So, the only
company in this entire list,
&gt;&gt; okay, of 69 I I didn't I should have
done this earlier to show people the
full list of 69. Look, they sold too
many gooers. Too
&gt;&gt; Let's not laugh.
Um, but you know this 60 this entire
list of of cars here.
There's only these two here. Any Tesla
here? These five Teslas. Three.
Whatever. Three. I don't see a Model.
Where's the Model S? I think they're
down below. That's why I didn't see
them.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, it's there somewhere.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, there's a Model X right here.
Yeah. Yeah. So, it' be above
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Model X and Model S. Where? No,
it's a Model S is less. There's down
below here it is
&gt;&gt; right here. 30.
&gt;&gt; Yep.
&gt;&gt; There's a thousand. So, you can see the
numbers here.
&gt;&gt; Only those Teslas can drive themselves.
&gt;&gt; None of the other cars here can do this.
Well, they're just cars. They're just
everything else. When I'm at when I'm
reviewing other cars, I say if you don't
care about FSD, if you're looking for
just a car, this one is just a car. You
can treat a Tesla like just a car the
same way you can manually shift in an
automatic transmission. Uh don't. It's
pointless. Uh but uh yeah, but if you
have a car that is a stick, you can't
drive it as an automatic. That it
doesn't go the other direction. So if
you are thinking about buying a car and
you're not convinced that uh FSD is
right for you, I would say pause. You
need to take a break. You need to go and
do an overnight test drive and find out
for sure because your mind may be about
to change. And I don't want to see you
buy something and be committed for five
years when you're gonna hate it.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. I can see the Tesla cars doubling
the next three to five years and then
you watch the others go away.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; Because it's no longer competing against
just EVs or just cars.
&gt;&gt; But they're going to partner with
Nvidia. Haven't you heard?
&gt;&gt; Yes,
&gt;&gt; we've covered that. The Nvidia tools are
great tools, but they're just tools.
They are not a system. And uh too many
people don't understand that and they're
ready to pounce and say, "Aha, Nvidia is
now the leader." They're not. That demo
was uninspired.
&gt;&gt; Y Thank you so much, Ryan. Check out the
future. Go to Futurasa. Thanks,
everybody. I've created a website that
is the most comprehensive resource for
the Tesla investor. Please check it out.
Simply go to my website at herbalm.com.