Channel:     brighterwithherbert
Title:       Tesla’s Biggest Opportunity Might Not Be Tesla
URL:         https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FYh8XGt44gU
Published:   2026-05-23 13:30 UTC
Fetched:     2026-05-23 14:00 UTC

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Tesla investors are missing something
big about SpaceX upcoming IPO. SpaceX's
success will be Tesla's success. Whether
they are merged or not, no matter what,
they are linked. From the IPO
perspectives, SpaceX total addressable
market is $28.5 trillion. And according
to this analysis, the largest category
isn't Starlink or launch. It's AI
powered enterprise applications, which
is tied to Tesla's digital optimist and
Xi's microart. In other words, AI agents
operating computers, workflows, even
entire business processes, which uses
the same perception planning, control
architecture Tesla developed for full
self-driving. The second largest
category is AI infrastructure, orbital
compute, terrafab, dojo chips, AI6,
satellite data centers. And according to
deck, none of this is really possible
without Tesla. So maybe Elon isn't
building separate companies at all.
Maybe Tesla, SpaceX, Starlink, Optimus,
Terrafab, orbital Compute, and
autonomous systems are all pieces of one
integrated machine, one civilization
scale operating system. And if that's
true, Tesla investors may still be
underestimating how big this becomes.
Today, we've got CERN Basher joining us.
He's a chartered financial analyst
running his own investment advisory firm
called Brilliant Advice, providing
wealth management services. Welcome,
sir.
&gt;&gt; Hi, Herbert. Yeah, this is going to be
fun to talk about. I think that uh
there's more in this SpaceX perspectus
than many Tesla investors realize.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, you had a pretty nice uh post and
thought I know I had I saw a few people
were asking your opinion and you said
this Tesla Tesla investors are missing
this in SpaceX's S1 and your point is
that SpaceX's success will be Tesla's
success whether they're merged or not.
they are inextricably linked. You're not
you're not suggesting they have to be
merged, but you want to point out that
whatever whatever happens to SpaceX,
it's going to matter to Tesla investors.
Uh it it came from this guy Peter at
Tesla Price and he just wanted to ask
you the question because he pointed out
and and we and I've done a couple shows
on this now. The total addressable
market from the IPO is perspectives is
28.5 trillion and the biggest part is
this thing they call enterprise
applications which is digital optimist
which is Tesla's side and macro hard
which is on XAI side. This augments
human operation of computers using
autonomous agents. So he's he continues
saying Elon has talked about this being
like an intuition beyond the deep
thinking AI agents we have today. Well,
we have yet to see what this is about.
But he's think he's saying that using
the same vision technology as full
self-driving, but instead of a feed from
cameras around the car, it is a video
feed from the computer desktop. So, kind
of like, you know, like a human, right?
You're looking at a screen, you're
trying to understand what to do, and you
make perception, you have planning, and
you control.
&gt;&gt; You can do any job.
&gt;&gt; So, this is 80% of the total TAM. This
is bigger than Starlink, bigger than the
massive orbit. And then the next biggest
thing is is AI infrastructure which is
Terrafab which we already know is a
joint venture between Tesla and SpaceX
dojo 3 chip which is AI6. That's 8% of
the TAM. He's saying that the two
biggest parts of SpaceX TAM they're not
possible without Tesla. This makes the
merger obvious Tesla huge leverage to
ensure a good deal to shareholders as
part of a merger. And even if they don't
merge, again, what we're saying is that
Tesla's SpaceX needs Tesla to even hit
hit to hit this market here and they
need Tesla to hit this market here.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. So, let's think about this for a
second. And I'd even take it a step
further than those those two items. So,
if you think about SpaceX's, you know,
main cash cow business today, that's
Starlink. Uh, internet connectivity and
then Starlink mobile. Starlink Mobile I
think is particularly interesting for
Tesla because they will have a massive
robo taxi network that might be nice to
have those cars always connected. Um
also why not connect every single
Optimus as well? Now is there certain
applications Optimus and buildings and
so on maybe this isn't possible but but
maybe it is maybe the the the Starlink
mobile or the Starlink broadband
antennas on the roof of the building and
you're getting Starlink into that
building. So what I'm trying to say is
that Elon would probably prefer to have
his vehicles and his robots connected to
his own network. That just makes sense
and Tesla would certainly benefit from
that because then that allows better
connectivity, the creation perhaps of
other revenue streams. So, for example,
in Robo Taxi, uh this idea of
entertainment and and being able to
play, you know, video games as you're
driving down the road or whatever it is,
uh not just video games against
yourself, but video games against
everybody else that's in a robo taxi or
something like that, right? Um it's
almost like playing Mario Kart in real
time. Um so, that's one thing. And then,
as uh as as the gentleman that wrote the
post was talking about, those other two
items are also very important for Tesla
and very important for SpaceX. and
they're going to be working on these
things jointly. So, it's clear to me and
and the biggest I think the biggest
thing that that really hits home is that
the the biggest part of SpaceX's TAM
that they've highlighted in the
perspectus is something that Tesla has
been developing for years that as you
mentioned is is you know FSD it's key
for the cars and it's key for digital
optimists. Now, the the challenge for
Tesla investors is there's very little
known about digital Optimus and how
that's going to work and what the
opportunity is. But I can tell you
because it's a digital service that that
can scale faster than anything else that
Tesla has right now that can scale.
&gt;&gt; Sure, Roboaxi can scale fast because
they can make a lot of cars. Sure,
Optimus will scale fast at some point
once they start making a million and
eventually 10 million robots a year.
That scale is going to be amazing.
But here's actually something that could
scale relatively soon. This actually
might be the first big business that
Tesla is able to scale, more so than the
other two.
&gt;&gt; That's too early to say. We don't even
know what it is. Elon said,
&gt;&gt; that's the problem.
&gt;&gt; We should be able to beta test it in 6
months, but uh as we know, XAI is
already, you know, they're behind.
They're they're doing catch up in terms
of their capabilities. So, I'm not, you
know, going to jump too far ahead on
that. And then, and then this idea that
Digital Optimus has an advantage over
all the other LLMs who are already doing
compute and they're so, you know, fast
with recursive compute.
This is supposed to be able to somehow
read screens better and faster. So,
we'll we'll see. But the point being
that that is Tesla. Digital Optimus is
Tesla side of it and then MacroArt is on
the XAI side of it. And for some reason
he he said they're the same thing but
they're working together because you
need the vision side to augment not just
compute. So we'll see if that truly is
an advantage.
&gt;&gt; Now let's think about this for a second
and pretend that SpaceX is not an Elon
company
&gt;&gt; and you've got this company coming to
market that's managed by somebody else
that says 80% of their big long-term
opportunity
&gt;&gt; is
is macro hard and and digital optimist.
The digital optimist is Tesla's
ownership, right? You would think that
Tesla would respond to that because
that's such a massive opportunity and
this other company is saying, "This is
key for us. We're going to be focusing
on this. This is going to drive our
growth and by the way, we have this
partner over here that we're we're
partnering with, right?" And so, I
really do think the Tesla investors are
missing the significance of this because
this is the this is 80% of SpaceX's TA
&gt;&gt; $22 trillion. But
&gt;&gt; even even though there's no partnership
with with SpaceX, you as as a guy who
creates these forecasts need to now take
that $22.7 trillion market and you know
apply it to Tesla's forecast because we
have digital optimist even if there's no
partnership with SpaceX that is still
something we have not very few Tesla
investors have actually modeled out uh
digital optimist market
&gt;&gt; and now we got it's actually bigger than
everything else. It's massive.
&gt;&gt; And and and look look at how quickly
Nvidia's business has scaled. And that's
a hardware and software business.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; Look how quickly Anthropic's business
has scaled. And I can't wait to get
their perspectus. But this is one of the
probably the fastest revenue ramps we've
ever seen for a company. And some people
are saying that Anthropic could be the
world's largest company in short order.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; Well, this is the same opportunity. This
exactly the same opportunity that SpaceX
and Tesla have with Macroheart and
Digital Optimus. It's it's a it's a
massively scalable business as long as
you've got the infrastructure supporting
it. Well, who's building the
infrastructure? Tesla and SpaceX. And
who builds infrastructure faster than
anybody else in the AI world? It's Elon
Musk. They tout that in the perspectus
about how many days it took them to put
up Colossus one and even less number of
days. I think it was 122 days for the
first one and 91 days for Colossus 2.
Well, everybody else is taking two
years.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; So, this is the kind of business that
could scale very rapidly. It's just the
problem is they haven't really shown us
anything about this yet.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; But
&gt;&gt; we see it happening with anthropic. We
see the rise of AI agents. We we see the
potential with this and it's a purely
digital business that can just be turned
on overnight basically right now. Again,
we don't know when it's going to happen.
I think Elon suggested that by the end
of this year that they would have some
form of digital optimis. We'll see.
We'll see how how quick it happens.
&gt;&gt; Okay.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; Wow. Okay. I appreciate that. That is
very important information for us to
understand. Let's move over to the big
discussion that many Tesla investors
have been having and debating with each
other which is you know this idea that
we don't want to merger merge with
SpaceX. Um and so what you decided to do
was let's walk through various scenarios
of if there is a Tesla SpaceX merger
what is a deal when does the deal work
for Tesla shareholders? Absolutely. Walk
us through that. And and then and just
to set the stage here, CERN, um I don't
want to speak for you, but my
understanding would be that um you you
and I are not telling people we want a
merger, and we're not we're certainly
not telling people we want the merger
now, and we're not saying, oh, it's
going to be great for Tesla. What we're
saying right now is
it seems like there's signs nuggets that
they're Elon is planning a merger. if it
does happen, I I've been saying, well,
let's wait until we understand what the
actual, you know, ratio is going to be.
And it we may not actually be told what
the actual amount is, mergers equals,
whatever it is for 6 months to a year
from now. So, I'm not sure why
everybody's freaking out about if you
take our current Tesla market cap at
$1.4 trillion and we haven't even gotten
our robo taxi thing yet, it's so unfair.
It's like, okay, well, who said it's
going to be 1 14.4 trillion? It's six
months from now, a year from now,
Tesla's market cap could be double if
robo taxi scales. So, anyways, I just
want to understand like you're not
pitching this. You're just saying, hey,
here's a variet uh of scenarios and you,
the audience, can decide, you know, what
what is fair, what's not fair. Is that
right?
&gt;&gt; I think that's that's correct. And I
would maybe take it a step further or
just clarify it in this way that I think
it's our job to study and analyze. And I
particularly view my role as helping
people think about things in different
ways. I enjoy doing that myself. And
that's a lot of the things that I write
and and share. A lot of the times it's a
thinking exercise. And I understandably
I mean I realize that Tesla investors
have been waiting in Tesla for all these
years. They want to see a return on
their investment. I totally get that.
I'm in the same boat. Okay. But I'm also
capable of thinking of, okay, if these
two companies do merge, let's think
about different scenarios and how this
works and what would Tesla investors
need in order for this to work out for
them. And so that was the impetus behind
this post. Before we get into the
details, let me just kind of maybe make
an analogy. There are people in this
world that buy clothes for winter in the
summertime.
And then there's other people in the
world that buy winter clothes in the
winter when they need it.
The people that buy it in the summertime
get a better deal.
&gt;&gt; The people that buy it when they need it
in the when the storm is coming, it's
going to cost them more. People are just
wired differently that way. That's the
simplest analogy I can think of on
short-term versus long-term. Now, I'm
not suggesting that a Tesla investor
that's been in Tesla for years, 5 years
now, is a short-term investor. I'm just
saying that when you look at these
companies, there's the short-term
trajectory and what they're executing on
this year and next year for both of
them. And we can have reasonable
discussions about how quickly each one
of them is going to progress on their
various business lines. But then there's
also the the longer term picture about
what is that big future look like for
Tesla? What are the bottlenecks and
constraints along the way? How much do
they need SpaceX in order to get over
those bottlenecks and constraints? and
vice versa for SpaceX, the bottlenecks
and constraints they have in their
business and how could Tesla help with
that. And then the whole discussion on
top of that is is the combined company
are there the you know synergies which
is the worst possible word you can use
when you're talking about mergers
because most of the time there aren't
synergies
but you could imagine for two Elon run
companies there would be some synergies
because right now we've heard and we
heard him complain about this on the Q1
earnings call that there's some
challenges in getting the independent
directors to evaluate everything and he
he was clearly frustrated by that. So
that's what I'm picking up on and as I
look at this analysis I'm thinking about
him and saying okay how do I streamline
this because this is hard enough by the
way what he's trying to do here you know
right that the numbers for Terra Fab
this is a colossal effort and I can't
imagine he's too excited about you know
somebody saying well I know we need to
get the independent directors to look at
this before we can move forward that
that must just rub Elon the the wrong
way anyway with all that said let's look
at some hypothe theticals about how this
merger could play out and and what do
Tesla shareholders need in order for
this to work out for them. Um, and that
was the reason behind this post.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. And I think you're going to
explain also the the the general con
thinking that most Tesla investors have
been having on the discourse on X right
now is they're saying this is two
companies. They're going to merge. What
is my what's going to happen to my
stock, my Tesla stock in the next year
or two? And then you're going to share a
different way which is the proper way
sometimes to look at the valuation of
what is fair. Well, you in order to know
what's fair, you should look out more
than just 6 months and a year. You
should look up what is the potential
market size of each company 5 years from
now. Whatever number you want, bring it
back to what is the present value
&gt;&gt; and then decide are these two companies
fair or not. Okay. So the key issue in a
hypothetical Tesla SpaceX merger is not
simply which company survives or what
percentage of the surviving company
Tesla shareholders receive. Uh can you
explain what you're trying to say here?
&gt;&gt; Well the point here is well first of all
my premise is that because of Elon's
ownership structure in SpaceX that the
ideal scenario for him is to preserve
that.
&gt;&gt; Yep. that he doesn't want to have the,
you know, the super voting shares and
then give that up by having Tesla buy
SpaceX.
That that for Elon control is more
important than, you know, the value of,
you know, his net worth. It's all about
control because he's doing some some
things here that could easily be
derailed
by, you know, as we've seen, active
shareholders or other other efforts. So
that this is my my premise. Okay, that
could be wrong. There there is a
scenario where if Tesla gets way ahead
of SpaceX, Tesla could be the acquiring
entity. Possible.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; Okay. So, what I'm trying to say is
that, you know, you could look at the
short term and say, okay, let's say
there's a merger of equals and and Tesla
investors end up with half of the
company and SpaceX investors have half
the company. A lot of Tesla investors
feel right now that's not fair. SpaceX
had this big move up and now for them to
get 50% of this combined enterprise
doesn't doesn't make sense to them
particularly on on the eve of maybe
Tesla having another big move up. So
they say we should have 60% or 75% or
whatever number they feel is
appropriate. One of the things I think
you have to take into account is not
just the near-term and how what Tesla
might be doing in the near term but also
where these two companies are going to
be in a little bit longer term future.
And the problem with that is, pick your
point.
Is SpaceX going to be bigger than Tesla
5 years from now? Maybe not. Is SpaceX
going to be bigger than Tesla 10 years
from now?
Maybe. Is SpaceX going to be bigger than
Tesla 20 25 years from now? I could
easily make the case that that's that's
going to be true. And I think one day
SpaceX, if left alone, will be
materially bigger than Tesla because the
opportunity in space is much bigger than
the opportunity on Earth. As big as as
autonomous vehicles and robots are, all
that work that I've done still stands.
I'm not backing away from that. It's
just that what SpaceX is doing is even
bigger. And so, as you're evaluating
your ownership in a combined entity,
what time frame are you going to
consider? Some people can't look beyond
the next two years. Some people can look
at five years. Some people are willing
to look 10 years. Some people are
willing to look 20, 25 years. Some
people are looking 40 years. So you have
to understand that the shareholder base
is a mixture of all those different time
frames
and that's a challenge.
But I would make the point that Elon is
going to be on the longer end of that
scale and he may even be looking longer
than his own lifetime.
that's what he may be trying to optimize
for.
&gt;&gt; So that's an important point because the
one guy that's going to make a decision
about whether to try to merge the two
companies, and by the way, you or I
don't influence Elon in this regard. So
all the people that are out there that
trying to, you know, stop us from
talking about this, don't worry, it's
not having an influence on him,
right?
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; Elon's the guy that's going to make this
decision. And so I'm just trying to help
people sort of understand then how you
might evaluate that as a Tesla
shareholder. So let's go through some of
the numbers.
&gt;&gt; Okay. You're saying is Tesla shareholder
stake in a combined company worth at
least as much as Tesla's future that
they give up? Right. That's the question
everybody's asking.
&gt;&gt; All right. So you've got Go ahead.
&gt;&gt; So again, this is just a hypothetical
analysis and this is just, you know,
picking numbers out of the air. But I
want to show a method here. So let's say
we assume that both companies one day
will be worth 25 trillion each. And for
argument sake, let's say that happens at
the same time and at that some point in
the future. You pick your date, 5 years,
10 years, 20 years from now, whatever it
is.
So therefore, the combined company value
with the two of them added together at
that point would be $50 trillion before
any synergies, assuming that if you put
them together sooner that they couldn't
grow faster and be worth more than 50
trillion at that point in time. That's
an open question.
You also could say, well, a combined
company actually might be slower for
some reason and therefore it's even
less, but who knows? Okay, so this is
this is the standalone premise is that
we've got the values of the companies
today and we've got some future point
where there's a future value of the of
these companies and we can make
adjustments to both sets of numbers. We
can look at different market caps today
relative to each other and we can look
at different values in the future
relative to each other. And we can make
some judgments and some calculations
about okay, how much do Tesla investors
need?
What ratio do they need in this combined
company to be made whole versus if they
just were a standalone company or how
much synergy needs to be created in
order for that to to work out for them.
So that's the approach behind this.
Okay. So
the first scenario, let's look at one
and again this is a highly sort of
stylized thing just to make it really
simple.
Let's say SpaceX is currently worth two
trillion. Okay, it's public. It's
trading at $2 trillion.
Let's say they say let's do a merger of
equals and they say you know therefore
Tesla is a two has a $2 trillion
valuation.
Okay, so the combined deal is a $4
trillion company. Tesla shareholders
would have 50%
Okay. Um, and if if both companies then
later become worth 25 trillion each and
the combination is 50, then no synergies
required for Tesla investors to be made
whole. There's nothing to be made whole
for. There's no dilution because SpaceX
has carried its weight and contribute
just as much growth as Tesla has.
Okay. So, in that case,
you don't have to worry about synergies.
&gt;&gt; No. But, you know, to obviously if
Tesla's uh when will this happen? We
don't know. It could be next year, could
be six months from now, who knows? But
let's say, and that's my point. I mean,
it's hard like people are assuming it's
going to happen like next month. And if
it does, hey, guess what? Tesla's now
with two trillion instead of 1.4. Great.
I think most Tesla investors would be
happy with Tesla jumping up to two. Or
are they still sad because they think
Tesla should be three by six months from
now? I don't know. But
&gt;&gt; yeah.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Okay.
Okay. So, in this in this scenario, a
merger of equals, equal price, and an
equal future value. You don't have to
worry about synergy. Everybody's made
whole. Everybody's getting what they
expected to get, whether they were
individual or whether they were
combined.
Okay? Does that make sense? It's just
kind of a baseline. Okay.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; So, scenario two. Now, let's look at
differences. So, let's say SpaceX floats
up to two and a half trillion. The IPO
is hugely successful. the space the
space sorry the starship launch is
successful people get excited about the
stock it goes up to 2.5 trillion it
stays there
let's say they they announce a deal with
Tesla and they offer 2 trillion for
Tesla
so it's not quite a merger of equals and
the combined deal value is 4.5 trillion
so in this case Tesla shareholders end
up with 44.44% 44% of the surviving
company. And so the question is is how
much synergy needs to be created in
order for Tesla investors
&gt;&gt; to feel
&gt;&gt; be made whole versus their expectation
of being worth 25 trillion at some point
in time.
&gt;&gt; Gotcha.
&gt;&gt; Because they now have a little bit less
than half of this combined company.
&gt;&gt; Okay. Now there the 44 percent stake of
a $50 trillion company would be 22.2
trillion.
&gt;&gt; Okay. So they're short 2.78 trillion
versus their expectations of 25
trillion.
&gt;&gt; Mhm.
&gt;&gt; So that's how much extra Tesla investors
would be short in this scenario. Now the
amount of synergy that needs to be
created is not 2.78 trillion but 6.25
trillion because Tesla investors only
get 44% of it.
So the combined enterprise has to find
six and a4 trillion dollars of synergies
in order for Tesla investors to be made
whole versus their expectations of being
a standalone company. Okay. So again,
I'm just kind of showing a method here
and you can plug in whatever numbers you
want and and make these calculations. Uh
but this is in my mind the kind of the
way to think about it because it's not
just what the ratio is today. It's where
are these companies going and am I
giving up some of that growth? If so,
how much? And how much do you have to
make me whole in order for me to be
willing to vote for this?
Or how much do I have to believe that
synergy is going to happen to to support
this?
&gt;&gt; You you can also argue the opposite,
isn't it? That you can basically say
that okay, so we're now only 44% of the
company, but instead of 25 trillion
because of synergies, we're not just
going to make six trillion extra, we're
going to make
&gt;&gt; Yeah. 10 trillion extra or double that
because all of a sudden we have
everything SpaceX is able to offer. Uh
basically the largest data centers, free
energy, we're selling all the chips that
we're making where we got robots all
over
the moon and Mars and we got all of our
autonomous cars have you know instant
Starlink connection. The the question
people are wondering is why can't you
just do a joint venture? like why do you
need a merger and I know you addressed
it at length at the beginning but one
somebody asked me to ask you this
question which is why can't you do a
separate company that the two companies
join together joint venture and you
don't need to merge the two companies
but you can have a very you know you
don't have to deal with the issues that
Elon was talking about the earnings call
&gt;&gt; well joint ventures are great the joint
ventures though is it's always a
negotiation about who's contributing
what and what's that worth and what
they're getting out of
And Elon again specifically took the
time on the Q1 conference call to kind
of complain about that that independent
directors for both companies had to sit
down and make sure that the shareholders
of each company were well represented
and well covered
and he's saying that's is slowing down
the process. Like this is a literally a
race against time for him.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. And so any impediment is got to be
hugely frustrating and particularly one
that's you know ideally or potentially
could be pushed to the side.
Um another so so that's that's the
reason I think for a joint venture to
answer that question is that that that
that's great. It could work and and
that's kind of the path they're on now.
So it's not terrible but there could be
even a better path. And again I'm not
advocating for it. I'm just responding
to Elon telling us he's frustrated by
it.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; So, what are his options? Well, one
option is to merge the companies.
Now, it's also interesting. You can see
that they are doing joint ventures with
Intel and maybe other partners with
Terrab. So, it's not as though it's just
a Tesla SpaceX thing. There's going to
be probably a consortium of a whole
bunch of companies. And I've I've been
sort of wondering out loud this week is,
you know, when's Nvidia going to invest
in it?
Yeah, they will.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, right.
&gt;&gt; Y
&gt;&gt; um so lot there's lots of different ways
of doing that there. The other thing
too, Herbert, that we need to think
about is not just economic, but by
putting these two companies together and
with SpaceX, we've learned from uh
Alexander's work yesterday about the
investor protections that are built in
and Elon controlling this company and
the difficulty in suing SpaceX.
&gt;&gt; Mhm. It's really difficult. And so, you
know, we we all recall the massive
effort it was to fight this whole
Delaware situation for Tesla
with the SpaceX's structure. All that
goes away or at least most of it goes
away hopefully and they won't be
distracted by all these, you know,
somebody that owns 10 shares that can
that can slow down the works of this
company.
Elon can't have that for where he wants
to go in the time frame he wants to get
there.
So that's another benefit that you know
that that would acrue to the company is
that you know 10 billion in synergies I
don't know but clearly moving fast is a
big deal in in AI world and anything
that you can do to remove any impediment
should be synergistic
but you know as we said here you can't
really quantify it it's just sort of
okay we recognize that there there could
be synergies being able to do something
a year earlier probably is huge
just like you See, with this anthropic
deal, the fact that they had extra
capacity allows them now to create a $15
billion a year revenue.
But if they didn't have that, then then
that wouldn't be a possibility. So, it
just shows you how by moving quickly and
and not having impediments in your way,
just it creates opportunities for you.
And I think a lot of people don't fully
recognize that. And that's one of the
special things I think about Elon is how
quickly he can move these companies.
Anyway, okay, I may sound like I'm
selling the deal too much at this point,
but
&gt;&gt; I think we need to recognize that there
are definitely some synergies to be had.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, that I think that's the hard part
is people can't understand what the
synergies are because you you did a good
job explaining here that if if the
purchase price of a Tesla is lower than
SpaceX and then we do have less than
50%. Then you do need to get a bunch of
synergies in order for you to feel like
you're you've made whole. And so now we
don't know what that is, but we're
assuming that there is. And we're
assuming that um that there will be and
hopefully it's not just you know 10
years from now that's when it shows up.
Hopefully it shows up in the next
several years. That's where people are
complaining. They're worried about it.
&gt;&gt; Sure. And rightfully so.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; Okay. Now the third scenario is well
okay uh SpaceX has this IPO and people
recognize as I beginning to recognize
that this company is
pretty special. It's got a huge
opportunity ahead of it. The TAM was
much bigger than I thought.
Let's say over the next year or two, few
years, it rises to a $5 trillion
valuation. They execute on Starlink.
Starship is is running. They're starting
to put V3 uh Starlinks uh in space.
They've massively expanded their their
Starlink capacity. The revenue growth is
coming. The AI business, they're
building out more data centers, getting
revenue for that. SpaceX is scaling and
the market recognizes it and has a $5
trillion valuation.
Okay, Tesla's not standing still either.
Over that same time frame, perhaps Tesla
goes from 1.5 trillion to4 trillion.
And the combined then deal value is $9
trillion.
And so Tesla shareholders on the surface
of it say, "Well, I feel pretty good
about this. My stock has gone up. You
know, the company's gone from one and a
half trillion to 4 trillion. This is
great. Now it's time to merge.
Well, the ratio between the two
companies is still 44% for Tesla
shareholders. So, in that case, wouldn't
it have been better to perhaps merge
sooner and get any synergies earlier
than than waiting for this increase?
Because you may be waiting for something
that doesn't actually benefit you if
SpaceX continues to grow as well. And
that's been one of the points I've been
trying to make to the Tesla community is
we all understand very well how great
Tesla is. And again, you and I, Herbert,
have done a dozen or more shows on on
the big future that Tesla has, and none
of that has changed,
but I also believe now that SpaceX has
also a very big future.
And so, you have to take into
consideration that you've got two moving
parts and they might be moving in unison
or they might not be.
Okay? And so, in this case, it's just
the same as as the the first scenario or
the second scenario. You're still at 44%
of the company.
&gt;&gt; But certain are you going to have show
me a scenario where which is the one
that people are saying which is Tesla's
purchase value right now is 1.4 trillion
today.
&gt;&gt; SpaceX is at two trillion today. Let's
say okay we'll find out in June what it
ends up becoming. Let's assume it's two
trillion and space they'll both be
market you know based on the market's
valuation of what they are right now.
Market valuation Tesla is 1.4 let's call
it and then uh SpaceX at two. What
people are saying is well we think that
Tesla in the next year or two is going
to go to three trillion let's say but
SpaceX I don't think it's going to be
more than two trillion that's what most
Tesla investors because it already
jumped significantly and many of their
businesses are far out Starlink sure but
that's like long-term data centers in
space 5 years out moonbased cities 10
years out
&gt;&gt; you know Yeah, you're telling me a
story, but the story is like 5 10 years
away from now. Meanwhile, Tesla's going
to get to 3 trillion, 4 trillion in the
next year, 2 years, because you got
near-term uh near-term robo taxi. Well,
then what happens there? That's what
they're worried about. Are you going to
show me that scenario?
&gt;&gt; So, I didn't. And here's why.
Because if Tesla gets way ahead of
SpaceX's current valuation,
then one of the principal reasons I
think for Elon to do this to retain
control.
&gt;&gt; Agreed. Yeah. It's the control
&gt;&gt; makes it unpalatable for him. Why Why
would he do it?
&gt;&gt; He would do it. He wouldn't do it.
You're right.
&gt;&gt; So,
&gt;&gt; right. There's a sweet spot here.
I I I I I I've been saying it as well as
you that the number one reason spa he
wants to have SpaceX and Tesla merge is
because he wants to control and he has
that right now with the class B shares
10 to1 voting control. Uh he has a lot
of things in the SpaceX scenario that he
want to be able to
and I think uh Alexander pointed out
that right now I think he has 85% of
voting control of SpaceX. If you merge
with Tesla, that goes down to 54%.
&gt;&gt; And so there's a chance that that 54 can
go down to under 50 if more investments,
VCs, all that, whatever they do. Uh, and
but then he has this secondary ability
to have a, you know, you have to have
two votes. One is the all the voters
vote and then you have to have he as
class B gets to vote. Both have to
happen in order for a decision to be
made or at least another merger
acquisition. So he's protected himself
that way. He wants that
&gt;&gt; at least in the current SpaceX
structure. Yes. Yes.
&gt;&gt; So, I agree with you. He would not do it
if if uh SPA if Tesla was way more than
SpaceX
&gt;&gt; or he or somehow couldn't find a way to
still use the SpaceX structure.
So then that begs the question sir and
people are saying is he purposely
sandbagging Tesla right now? Well, I can
see why people might think that because
it's it's
if if the merger is a major goal, then
then obviously you don't want Tesla to
be that much higher than SpaceX so that
the control part of this doesn't work. I
I believe that Elon doesn't think that
way. Maybe I'm naive. I don't know. But
certainly from an economic standpoint,
that case can be made. Again, my
judgment is that Elon doesn't operate
that way. Um,
I also think that he's confident and
this I think this goes also to the
example of why is he doing the Starship
launch on the eve of his IPO. This could
be a disaster.
&gt;&gt; It just speaks to his confidence and the
direction that he's going, the long-term
place he wants to be. It doesn't matter
where the Starship fails today and the
IPO is a little weak or the IPO has to
be delayed. He has to make progress with
his companies independent of what's
going on in the financial markets.
&gt;&gt; It's a very good point by the way. Yeah.
if he really needed SpaceX uh stock to
be so much higher than Tesla. Okay,
let's say if you really were playing
that game, you would sandbag Tesla,
&gt;&gt; but then you would um not a SpaceX
launch for cuz that could lower that
price. I think he's just moving as fast
as he can and everywhere he can and uh
but things hopefully work out the way he
hopefully works out. Yeah. Okay.
&gt;&gt; I I think so. I think the two balance
each other out. If he's sandbagging robo
taxi, then why isn't he then, you know,
delaying the Starship launch?
&gt;&gt; Yeah,
&gt;&gt; because you could easily say, "Oh, we've
got other things we want to improve.
We're going to wait until July to launch
again." That that would be a reasonable
thing to say because look how many
changes they made to this Starship. I'm
sure there's another list of of other
things they want to add. It's endless.
It's it's like robo taxi development.
There's a constant list of improvements
you're going to make. You know what the
the you know, the pipeline is. You just
keep iterating and working on it.
Um, so that's the strongest reason I can
come up with why he's not sandbagging
Tesla right now.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, agree. Okay, scenario four.
&gt;&gt; So, let's now look at a situation where
one of the companies is worth more than
the other in the future.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; And let's say SpaceX standalone value is
30 trillion at some point in the future.
Again, pick your date. And Tesla's
future standalone value is 25 trillion.
Okay? So, if they both uh are at 2
trillion and they merge, this this
becomes a much easier lift for Tesla
shareholders because now you're hitching
on hitching onto a wagon of a faster
growth company than what you're in. If
SpaceX is going to be worth more one day
than Tesla would,
right? So,
you know, that's pretty obvious, right?
Um and then the the fifth scenario,
Herbert, is the opposite.
uh where the future Tesla value is
higher than SpaceX.
So in that case uh you know the combined
future value is 55 billion and Tesla's
50% stake in that is 27 a.5 billion. So
that's below
their trillion I'm sorry trillion. Yeah
27.5 trillion but that's below what you
would have expected as a standalone of
30 trillion. cuz there's two there's
$2.5 trillion difference.
So you need 5 trillion of synergy in
this scenario to make Tesla investors
whole. So the synergy numbers become
huge when you start to look at big
future values.
And again, back to my point earlier,
there's kind of a sweet point here
because if if Elon lets this get away
from him, it's going to be hard to kind
of pull this deal together
because to sell the deal on, yeah, we're
going to get five trillion of synergy. I
can see a lot of people rolling their
eyes and saying, "Yeah, right. Okay,
we've heard this before. You're you
sound like every other corporate CEO
when they announce a merger, you know,
the magical synergies will fall from the
sky. That's a big number, five trillion
in synergy. But that's what Tesla
shareholders would need in that scenario
for that to work.
But again, we're talking about future
values of companies, 25 trillion, 30
trillion. You can throw out these crazy
numbers. And Elon has done this as well.
And he's talked about, you know, Tesla
being worth more than all these other
companies and so on. 20 trillion, 25
trillion. Um, and I've given him a hard
time. And I I think you're sandbagging.
I think it's more like a 100red
trillion. And I also think that's also
true with SpaceX. But then the time
frame matters. What when is when are we
going to get to 25 trillion? When are we
going to get to 100 trillion? And a lot
of investors
again, they're not buying winter coats
in the summer. They don't care about
that.
They'll buy the winter coat when they
need it. And same thing with with these
companies, they they don't really
concern themselves with how big SpaceX
is going to be. But Elon has to concern
himself with that. So this this whole
merger situation is gets very messy very
quickly. Um but I'm my purpose with all
this is just to sort of show
you know for Tesla investors there's
more than just that exchange ratio today
I guess is my main point. And you really
have to think about and understand what
the value the standalone value of each
of these companies would be at some
point in the future that you're willing
to look out to. If you're willing to
look out 10 years then then look at
that. If you're only going to go five
years, then look at the future value
there and use that as your point. What
could what could SpaceX be worth in 5
years versus Tesla's valuation in five
years? Run the numbers and you can kind
of see then where the exchange ratios
have to come out.
&gt;&gt; The the the point I've been trying to
make is that that um we first of all, we
do not know if there's going to be a
merger. There's a lot of nuggets that
there will be. When they do, they will
announce it and they'll say there's
going to, you know, we we the two board
members, the two boards decided that we
think it's better to be merged. When
they do that, they will then present
they will present, you know, we learned
a lot from this perspectus, but it was
really just all about SpaceX here. Um,
what they will present the information
about how the synergies is between the
two companies are better, why we want
the two together. And if when they do
that, that's when we'll better
understand the answers to the questions
you brought up today. Like you know,
okay, well, if this is what they're
worth today, what's the worth to
tomorrow? But then what more if they're
together, what does that my worth of my
what I think Tesla's going to be even
higher or lower? And that's where some
people are concerned. They think that
SpaceX is overshot its valuation. They
think that its future is five too far
out. Tesla's future is near and they
don't want to merge. But if he if they
are able to articulate that if you merge
Tesla's future can get even bigger
faster quicker and if they can explain
that then maybe uh Tesla investors will
feel better. The the part that um I
think you said that makes most sense to
me is this one which is okay this number
here is massive $22 trillion enterprise
applications which is macroart and
digital optimist
is so big but also very competitive and
it's so critically important whoever
gets there first. We're talking about
ASI,
&gt;&gt; AGI, we're talking about countries,
you know, America versus China or
whatever. Um, and control of the control
of civilization. So,
getting there sooner than later is
probably like the the there's an, you
know, like I was trying to come up with
a good analogy, but you know, you're at
the very you're at the you're very close
to this thing that's about to blow up.
And whoever gets there first gets almost
all of it.
And people are worried about,
&gt;&gt; you know, they're fighting for their
piece of the candies or whatever it is.
&gt;&gt; They're fighting for the appetizers.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. When it's like this massive thing
is right here, bigger than anything can
you imagine. And if you just move
faster, you will get there. And that's
what Elon sees. He sees everything
coming together perfectly. Like just one
example would be the humanoid robots,
Optimus. Right now it's uh based on you
got you got the intelligence side and
you got the physical side of creation.
Well, what happens if if if SpaceX
wasn't there? You've mapped it out. What
would happen to humanoid scale? What
happens if SpaceX was there? Like truly
connected together? Could the human
robot opportunity appear sooner than
later?
uh you got cash from you got you got uh
infrastructure you've got of course the
brains uh much more you need the brain
in order to you know Tesla's creating
their own Colossus Cortex 2 which is
going to be the training center for the
bot but is there like being able to rent
the Colossus data center help with that
make that happen faster you know
&gt;&gt; what is also the value of having a Gwen
Shotwell be the president of a
It's It's huge,
&gt;&gt; right? And Tesla investors, I feel like,
in some ways, this is too strong, but I
was going to say, suffer from the fact
that we don't.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; I don't think that's being fair, but I
think people will sort of understand the
soft point that I'm trying to make.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; Again, I don't think that Elon is is bad
any anything that we we're certainly
have maybe some frustrations with his
communication style and so on, but
&gt;&gt; look at SpaceX. It it seems like it just
so much more and again this is not the
right word so much more professionally
run. I don't think that's being fair to
Elon but but Gwen is so exceptional that
would not Tesla perhaps benefit from
that as well. Maybe it's a matter of
finding the right person. Well, maybe we
already have the right person in Gwen.
Is she interested in that bigger role? I
don't know. Is she capable of that
bigger role? I don't know. I'm just
throwing out the idea that the comp the
combined entity might benefit from that
as well.
really appreciate it.
&gt;&gt; That's such a freaking good point. I
mean, she is CEO material for a large
corporate, large entity. She's already
proven it with SpaceX. Can you imagine?
&gt;&gt; And just that alone could be the synergy
that makes everything skyrocket faster,
quicker.
Investors have been saying this for so
long.
&gt;&gt; Well, Elon's role, he's he said this
many times, which is I look at the
fires, the most critical things. I dive
in and I solve it. And that's my job. I
go look at these whatever is the top
priority. So he spent what every
Saturday on Optimus until we got a
version three. Then he spent every
Saturdays uh on on AI chips until he got
AI5 and AI6 and everything all set up.
Terrafab all set up. All that wouldn't
have happened if he didn't spend all
that time. Somebody has to be running
the company looking for synergies uh
looking for strategic partners those
kind of things. and you, you know, you
bring Elon in to this to to seal a deal,
but boy, things could move much faster.
&gt;&gt; And and look at SpaceX as well. It's a
company that has individual customers in
in Africa that pay it, you know, a few
dollars a month.
&gt;&gt; Okay.
&gt;&gt; She's the biggest salesperson there is
is what I've understood. She's more
sales than COO.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. But just the breadth of the
customer base, right? Individuals,
companies, right? They they sell to
airplane companies and shipping
companies for Starlink. And then
governments, they have government
contracts, Star Shield and different
defense things.
You need somebody that can navigate that
landscape. You need a team of people
that can navigate that landscape.
&gt;&gt; And Elon, as amazing as he is at at
context switching, I mean, incredible,
he would definitely benefit from not
having to worry about all that stuff.
Well, we're talking about selling
transportation as a service to
countries, cities, corporations, selling
robots to countries, cities,
corporations.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; Uh she's perfecting right now.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. And of course, AI agents and
&gt;&gt; and and
&gt;&gt; right,
&gt;&gt; somebody's going to have to sell that to
governments and companies and
individuals and
&gt;&gt; and and the company I think that's going
to do the best in that regard is the one
that's the most trustworthy. So if Open
AI comes out with a digital agent, AI
agent versus Tesla versus Anthropic
versus whoever else versus Microsoft
versus Google, a lot of it is who are
you going to trust with your data
because you might be turning over your
email and your data on your computer to
an AI agent that has full access. That
that that's going to be the power of
this that you give it full access to
everything. And right now with OpenClaw,
don't make the mistake of doing that,
right? it's public that information can
be you know misused but ultimately if
the AI agent is going to act on your
behalf and respond to your emails and do
your taxes and do this that and the
other thing you need to give it full
access you need to have trust.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
So there's some big there's some big
hurdles to come here but there's also
big opportunity and and being that
trusted partner u and that's also
important probably too to have this
maximally truth seeeking AI behind the
scenes as part of it all the all the
pieces kind of start to come together
but yeah it's fascinating to think about
&gt;&gt; the the other thing is I don't think
people uh investors have have thought
through what they don't know
&gt;&gt; like we're all looking at the the
businesses we already No, we're for
sure. Well, we haven't talked about um
Tesla's going to get into robotics
beyond just humanoids.
&gt;&gt; Yeah,
&gt;&gt; they're going to have every form factor
you can possibly imagine. Anything that
is whatever size, anything that has a
you slap on a visual a camera, you slap
on a chip on it and it becomes
intelligent. It can move and it can do
things for you. Any size, anything. Uh
they might get into he says we're not
going to get into a phone, but we pretty
confident he's going to get into
devices. Whether it's a jewelry, you
know, a pin, a bracelet, a ring,
glasses, you slap on a chip and a camera
and it's it's you've got instant AI uh
devices. And who's going to make all
that, right? So sat uh Starship,
Starlink,
SpaceX is able to create these Starlink
devices that's all automated. That's,
you know, the small devices like this.
Teslas can do this. Obviously, that's
their skill, but you combine the two
together and that will accelerate that
or both those businesses can just be
like boom out of nowhere, they'll be
coming and we've not even modeled any of
that out. That's your 5 trillion. That's
your 10 trillion right there. Just that
business alone.
&gt;&gt; Or or as as uh Larry Goldberg has been
kind of saying, he thinks that Elon or
Tesla and SpaceX should buy or take
control of Apple.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. And that's interesting to think
about, isn't it? Some sort of deal like
that. Um ju just step stepping back from
that just for a second just back to what
we were talking about. You know, you
think about Tesla's opportunity with
robo taxi, it's huge. But the
transportation market might be about 5%
of GDP. It's big.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Bigger.
&gt;&gt; And then you've got Optimus and that
might be 15 20 maybe 25% of GDP. So
those two are 30% of GDP. Those two
markets huge biggest markets we've ever
seen.
Well, what's left is
the opportunity for digital optimus.
It's it's the non-physical labor part of
GDP. Well, that's the remaining 70%.
&gt;&gt; There's the opportunity.
And again, you want Elon going after
that as fast as you can to get that
market to be the trusted company that
can provide those services better than
anybody else and create a lead that no
one can no one can catch up to
and be able to drive the cost of that
down. So that it's obvious that you want
to sign up with with Tesla and SpaceX.
&gt;&gt; If you're just Tesla and you've got
Cortex one, Cortex 2, you now need lots
of money to build more data centers.
&gt;&gt; Mhm.
&gt;&gt; And guess what? If you're Tesla, you
need to partner with SpaceX because you
want to reserve launch capability. You
want to reserve AI data centers just
like everyone else is. That's I've been
predicting Microsoft will be the next
big partner for SpaceX, but they're
going to announce one after another. So
you've got anthropic deal, you got the
Google discussion that's happening now.
Google says we want you to you know
reserve launch for us. Tesla will say
the same thing right Tesla should be
like Google telling SpaceX please send
us launch. So if there is a integration
between the two companies partnership
merger
just that alone the access to large data
centers uh will benefit Tesla
significantly.
So the question is when and and this is
where Elon said um creating AI data
centers in space is a lot easier than
people think but I don't know if people
still think that that's 5 10 years away
or does he think we can get it done in
two three years and it's Elon time too.
&gt;&gt; Well it's Elon time but again they're
kind of already doing it. They're put
they've already put 10,000 satellites
into space. How difficult is it really
to turn those into AI data centers? It's
not like it's a whole new thing they've
never done before. It's not like they
haven't launched satellites before, you
know, even and even if if Starship's
delay, they can probably still do it
with Falcon 9. Maybe not ideal, but you
at least get started. So, I think it can
happen sooner than maybe most realize.
It's it's the at scale part is the
issue. And that's also the issue for
Tesla is the at scale with Optimus.
They're going to bump up on some
problems where they just don't have
enough chip supply, right? They might be
okay for a few years, fine, but that
that future comes pretty fast. All
right. So, so let's just uh going to do
a summary here. CERN, what what is your
big message to Tesla investors?
&gt;&gt; Yeah, it's a good question. It's on the
merger issue. It's not just about the
relative valuation of Tesla and SpaceX
today. That's important. I'm not
dismissing it. There's a sweet spot I I
think there where it could go. There's a
there's a point at which if Tesla
outpaces SpaceX, I don't think that the
merger is going to work for Elon. Um,
and I I would urge Tesla investors again
to to look out a little bit longer than
maybe you're used to looking at and
saying, "Okay, what is the true
opportunity for each of these companies
on a standalone basis? What's the
combined value? How much of that do I
get?" You know, where's where's the
dilution? Where's the true dilution?
It's not just in today's exchange, but
it's in that future growth.
&gt;&gt; And if SpaceX grows faster than Tesla
can over the long term,
&gt;&gt; then you actually want to hitch your
wagon to that at some point. Mhm.
&gt;&gt; you're going to benefit and you better
be careful because SpaceX investors will
increasingly realize that and say, "No,
we don't want Tesla dragging us down."
So, it it's it's it's an interesting
dance. But the good news is we don't
have to worry about it. It's going to be
in Elon's hands in terms of the timing
when, if it's just a matter of are we
thinking about this correctly. So,
that's what that's what I'm trying to
contribute here. I'm not suggesting any
of these numbers that we're showing are
are relevant. They they could be totally
different sets of numbers. Some people
may say SpaceX at 30 trillion and Tesla
at 30 trillion. Certain you're dreaming
you're crazy. Fine. Use your own
numbers. But it's still the same
exercise like everything I do. Use your
own numbers. I'm just showing you a
method. Right. A lot of people like to
think that s these are your predictions.
You you said this. You did a show with
Herbert and you you showed 25 trillion
for Tesla. I I did, but that's not my
prediction. It was a model showing
people how to approach valuing Optimus
robo taxi the combined value of the
companies. Plug in your own numbers. You
decide for yourself. So I want to be
very clear about this and none of these
numbers that we talked about today are
my predictions or what I think should
happen. But hopefully people can think
maybe a little bit clearer about this.
And my eyes by the way I think have been
open in reading the perspectives for
SpaceX. my eyes have been open more than
they were about the opportunity that
SpaceX has in front of it. And I would
say that I I think I was pretty
enlightened beforehand.
I've been listening to Larry. I've been
listening to Aaron Bernett. I've been
listening to Arc. I've been listening to
lots of people about SpaceX,
many other people. Um SpaceX
shareholders that I know and listening
to them and what they've said
and reading the perspectus for myself
has really opened my eyes.
Yeah.
&gt;&gt; Um I wish I wish at this point we could
get a perspectus for Tesla.
&gt;&gt; Right. That would be cool to have that
document kind of in parallel to look at
the two companies kind of side by side.
Like what does Tesla say their TAM is
&gt;&gt; for robots and for optimist for robot
taxi.
We're not getting that right now. So
there that's a missing piece. Now we've
got this information for SpaceX and now
you look back at Tesla and say okay what
does the company think their TAM is for
Optimus?
Is it 28 trillion? Is it 10 trillion?
That would be interesting to know.
&gt;&gt; Well, we we've seen uh Elon agree with
your forecasts over and over and over
again, so let's just use yours.
&gt;&gt; Um big numbers.
&gt;&gt; So, yeah, I think your biggest point is
SpaceX's success will be Tesla's
success. uh whether or not again I just
want to reiterate it's not like you're
saying we need to merge and we want to
merge tomorrow and it doesn't matter
what the ratio is like some people are
positioning like these Tesla bulls why
are they all of a sudden pushing I don't
own any SpaceX shares I'm not pushing
but I understand that SpaceX success is
Tesla success uh but also the thing
about SpaceX is that at this point
there's no one that can do what they are
doing
&gt;&gt; now the enterprise application that's AI
there's a lot of competitors in that
space
&gt;&gt; but the thing about you know data
centers in space uh you know maybe in
the future harnessing energy from space
the satellites the communic connectivity
the launch all that is pretty
proprietary at this point not not
proprietary but uh unmatchable
uh even by
&gt;&gt; they're one of right now
&gt;&gt; maybe Blue Origin could do something but
it doesn't matter the market is so big
It's like it doesn't matter. But the
point is that there's really no one and
that's why you will have Google reach
out and Anthropic reach out and you will
see
&gt;&gt; everybody ask basically demand and reach
out. They're they're all calling them
now once they prove that they can get
this that's the starship going up.
They'll get phone calls from
governments, cities and enterprise. Now,
&gt;&gt; Mhm.
&gt;&gt; the the the thing about Tesla is luckily
for us as a Tesla investor. So, luckily
that this is owned by Elon who owns both
companies and that he sees the synergies
between the two companies and he's
proposed a terafab which is a
partnership between the two companies
proposed that XAI's Grock will power
Tesla's cars and robots. If that wasn't
there, Tesla would have to create their
own. they would have to be behind
everyone else significantly behind or
maybe ahead. I mean the vision AI that's
what that's what we're working on. In
fact, in one in some ways it's actually
Tesla's vision AI that is now the leader
of Grock.
So but now you get the money, you get
the data centers, you get the access
data. I mean it's just so lucky for
Tesla. So regardless if they merge or
not, I think that the value to Tesla
will still,
&gt;&gt; it's even bigger now that SpaceX
succeeds
and then we'll see what happens. And I
just tell people, stop worrying about a
merger if we don't even know what the
valuation is.
&gt;&gt; And we don't know even know when. It
could be a year from now before you hear
what the actual valuation is going to
be. And I don't know why people are like
worried about uh I'm going to be diluted
if it happens in six months. You're
right. But
I don't know if that's going to happen
in 6 months. We don't know.
&gt;&gt; I I think my final takeaway point on
this, and this is right where we
started, was was that SpaceX,
their success will be Tesla's success.
The better SpaceX does, the better it'll
help Tesla to pull Tesla along. Not
necessarily Tesla needs pulling along,
but it it won't hurt. Um, these
companies are there are really tied at
the hip. Maybe Tesla is focused on
opportunities on Earth and SpaceX is
focused on opportunities in space, but
they're working together in so many
different ways. Um, and that's really
exciting. Um, I've jokingly said that,
you know, what's SpaceX's PE ratio going
to be and not price to earnings, but
price to extinction ratio, right? This
is a oneofone company where we now have
a new valuation metric and I'm I'm
coining this, you know, price to
humanity being extinct. as an insurance
policy against humanity being extinct.
&gt;&gt; It's back to your it's back to your
winter coats. Uh people don't think that
there's an extinction event until an
asteroid is discovered and then they're
going to go, "Oh,
Elon, please save us." But prior to
that, it's like you and who cares and
you're worthless and like, "Yeah,
&gt;&gt; why why do you want to launch, you know,
a few hundred starships a day? What
what's that for?" Well, when they want
to get off the planet, they want a
starship.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. So, it's just interesting.
Different people have different outlooks
and different time periods, and I I
respect that.
&gt;&gt; Um, and I'm just trying to advocate and
agitate a little bit for getting people
to think a bit more critically about
different time frames for each of these
companies. And it's not necessarily
SpaceX versus Tesla. I do think that
they the success of both of them will
will pull them along. It'll be Elon's
decision to decide whether to merge or
not.
That's clear and nothing nothing that we
do is going to change that. Um, but it's
exciting. Uh, I was pleasantly surprised
in reading the perspectives for SpaceX
how helpful this is going to be for
Tesla.
&gt;&gt; Okay. Well, those are good points to
consider. Thank you for that about
whether or not SpaceX is going to be so
helpful to Tesla. But yeah, we'll see if
there's going to be a merger or not. If
not, doesn't matter. Both are partnering
anyways. They're linked together. Thank
you, sir. Love all the work you always
do and thank you for sharing that with
the Tesla investor audience. We do
appreciate you. Bye-bye.
&gt;&gt; Thank you.
&gt;&gt; I've created a website that is the most
comprehensive resource for the Tesla
investor. Please check it out. Simply go
to my website at herbalm.com.