Channel:     jobhakdi
Title:       Could Tesla Stock Really CRASH 60% From Here?!
URL:         https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=e9lzGB1bPA4
Published:   2026-04-06 21:22 UTC
Fetched:     2026-04-06 21:55 UTC

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Tesla's stock is getting destroyed
today. Down 2.7% even though the markets
don't even look that bad. NASDAQ is
up.5%.
S&amp;P up.37%.
So why is Tesla getting destroyed?
Should we be worried? And what is going
on? What is my position in this whole
thing? I tweeted today and told everyone
I'm not doubling down here. And I will
explain in a second why. Now the Tesla
performance is very disturbing and
clearly today that seems to be a
function of this man here. I show you a
man JP Morgan analyst Ryan Brinkman with
an average return of negative 1.60
and a success rate of 50%. And one star
he ranks number 10,493
out of 12,000 Wall Street analysts. Not
bad. And he is saying a bunch of things.
Uh mostly the usual stuff. I summarized
it here. He is saying Tesla's
overvalued. Guess what? Surprise
surprise. He thinks Tesla is over valued
because it's an auto business. It has a
core auto business. This is
deteriorating right now as all auto
businesses worldwide because we know
there's a little bit of an auto crisis.
There is too much competition from
China. The Chinese themselves are
falling apart. The Europeans falling
apart, the Americans falling apart,
Tesla by an enormous distance, the most
profitable automaker in the world by
margin.
H but still not looking too great. Tesla
slowly recovering now, taking the lead
from BYD again, but the car business not
looking too good. That is what Brickman
points out here. And of course, the
stock trades at a 335x
earnings multiple, which is high when
you look at the normal regular Tesla
core business. There's also this
question that I actually also don't know
the answer to. 50,000 unsold inventory
in the last quarter. So Tesla produced
50,000 cars more than it delivered.
Maybe that's a function of some delays
in the delivery chain or who knows
what's going on. We don't know exactly
what's going on and that of course
concerns him as a standard auto analyst.
sees the inventory going up, these cars
sitting somewhere, these 50,000 and you
know free cash flow deterioration
potentially that's his concern and then
of course the most important part cuz we
don't have to discuss that Tesla as an
auto company is overvalued obviously but
the argument of course that even
Brinkman knows is everyone says I'm not
investing in Tesla because it's an auto
company I am investing in Tesla because
of Optimus humanoid robots and even more
important short short-term term Cyber
Cap, autonomous transport, robo taxi,
the revolution of self-driving cars that
is launching as we speak and that will
scale and start scaling this year in
earnest. At least that's my expectation
and the expectation of many other Tesla
investors. Of course, Brinkman addresses
that and says the bull case treats
CyberCap and Optimus as free upside
embedded in the current price. Free
upside. I'm not sure if that's true, but
it's the price should be a function of
these future revenue streams. That's
what I'm saying. That's what many others
are saying. And Brinkman inverts this.
There's execution risk. Cyber cap needs
regulatory approval in every market,
which is not true by the way. Uh that is
absolutely not true. There are many US
states where you can just roll these
things out. The regulatory approval
hurdle is completely a joke. I said that
multiple times. It does not exist for
the first tens of thousands of these
things. You can totally forget it. No
one cares. This is not happening at the
minute this works. They can roll it out.
We see Whimo is scaling a little bit.
They are not running into any regulatory
issues. Regulatory is not an issue. The
issue is FSD has to work. Full
self-driving technology has to work. And
then you can scale this into hundreds of
thousands in my opinion by my assessment
without any regulatory hurdles that are
in any way problematic. Optimus the
human robot of Tesla Gen 3 is delayed
with no public reveal date. Well, we
know that the Optimus revenue streams
are kicking in next year, not this year.
And I don't care that it's delayed. You
also don't want to rush this thing. You
don't want to reveal it to the
competition. I am very relaxed on the
Optimus time schedule. There are some
AGI stuff that has to catch up. If
either slips 12 months, the entire
justification for the 335 multiple X
evaporates. Or that's highly idiotic to
even say that. No one cares if it slips
12 months. Rootexi would hurt us a
little bit. So that is the argument of
Brinkman. I think that is the main cause
for this drop. JB Mong is a big firm and
you see what happened to the stock here.
But let's take a step back and think
about this. I want to first address very
quickly Brinkman's uh arguments. Of
course, you already know the answer.
This is not very smart what he's saying.
Also, we have to look at his track
record. Look at his track record.
December 2020 at a price target of 90.
When the stock was at 640, guess what
happens? The stock doubled. So Tesla was
at 640, he said it should go down 90.
What happens next? It goes to 1,200
before the split. And so in 2021
and 2022, he missed out even more
upside. In October 2024, he set a price
target of 130, the stock at 240. What
happens next? stock subsequently rallied
to 480 by late 2025 also by late 2024
already and then again 2025. So his 130
not happening, right? That was in
October 2024. He said a price target of
130. Next thing you know, this thing hit
460 in December. In October, November,
December, 2 months later, it was at 460.
So doubled nearly from where he made
this call. Then it dropped a little bit
to 220 and then it rallied to 490
technically, right? And now he says this
price target 145 and he says this still
and he will look even worse very soon.
That is what I think. So we should not
overestimate this. So what is happening
and why does this guy drop the stock so
much today? And the answer is by the way
I show you quickly what I was talking
about here is what you see uh what his
track record looks like. 2020 is at 90
stock was at 640. stock goes to 1,200,
right? Then in October 2024, he says
130, stocks at 240. Next thing you know,
it goes to 460 2 months later and 12
months later at 480. So track record is
not brilliant. That is a little bit of a
problem. So I would completely discount
his perspective. We know exactly what
the problem and the challenge is for
Tesla. Of course, we are buying the
stock not to sell a bunch more EVs. Even
though Tesla has the highest margin and
the best production capability in terms
of producing high-end EVs at high
margin, the best company in the world in
producing EVs,
but that's not what this is all about.
We know what it's all about. Tesla is a
technology leader completely uncontested
right now in full self-driving
technology that drives car sales, but it
also allows us to deploy robo taxi and
that is very quickly an enormous
business. Someone posted on Pioneerlands
actually in Pioneer Academy. Go to
pioneerlands.org by the way. Like and
subscribe this video. I never say that
but do it. This is a lot of work what we
are doing here and you can help the
channel by subscribing and liking. But
someone posted from Pioneer Lands. I did
the math. In order to have just the
quarterly profit of Nvidia, Tesla would
have to have 1.7 million cyber caps or
robo taxis out in the open. And to that
I said like, sure, sure. In order to
have the quarterly profit of Nvidia, you
need 1.7 million robo taxis out. That is
not unreasonable. Don't forget that
Nvidia is the greatest money printing
machine on Earth. So clearly, that would
be very nice. And if you have 6 million
out there, you beat Nvidia's entire free
cash flow, which is quite the
achievement. Of course, 6 million robo
taxes are not easy, but it tells you
where we are getting to. And if Tesla
would have the same free cash flow as
Nvidia, the same AIDA, let's say, the
valuation would be triple that of Nvidia
roughly in my estimation because Tesla
would be growing much faster than Nvidia
and Tesla would have a much more
accepted super TAM than Nvidia has.
Nvidia is under pressure because people
think it can't continue like this.
Whereas robo taxi, everyone would
understand, okay, there can take over
global transportation here. It's an
enormous TAM, multi- trillion dollar
TAM. And so the PE on Tesla would be
much higher. If it had the same EIDA as
Nvidia. So yes, at 6 million robo taxis,
Tesla would be three times larger than
Nvidia, $15 trillion. That's exactly
right. So it is all about the question
are we actually on track of launching
robo taxi. So all this JP Morgan talk of
Brinkman comes down to a very simple
question. Do you and I believe that FSD
and robo taxi will launch this year in
earnest and start scaling its commercial
operations into the multiple thousands
ideally tens of thousands of deployed
robo taxis this year? And I still do
think the answer remains yes. As I have
said for over a year now, I think it's
going to happen. I can tell you if it's
going to be multiple tens of thousands.
That would be very nice. In my opinion,
multiple tens of thousands would drive
the stock above 1,000, not 145. You
would be off by 8x roughly. If it's just
multiple thousands, it doesn't matter
much. It will be less, of course. But
once we are up to the multiple
thousands, I think the scaling game is
on. Everyone understands you can deploy
millions and tens of millions of these
things. Not everyone understands this,
but a lot of people. And Optimus, we
don't even need Optimus to get the stock
to 2,000 or 3,000. That's also something
very important to understand. Roboax is
an enormous opportunity. I think Optimus
is definitely coming, but it's
definitely smart for Tesla to not reveal
anything before they're ready because
that is actually a space different from
robo taxi where there is massive
competition waiting in China and
everywhere. So with the humanoids, you
have to be a little bit more cautious
and get it only in front of the press
when you're ready to rumble. And that
will probably happen next year in my
opinion. And even then it won't be super
scale at Optimus. They will deploy a few
thousand maybe 10,000 test some things
and then they will get into the
hundreds, thousands and millions in the
2030s into the millions. So Optimus that
is the second scurve after robo taxi. So
why did I actually today why did I today
actually post on X that I'm not doubling
down. So because we have you know for
example the surfing cyber surgeon I
think he's in Norway smart commentary
and he said Tesla investors seem to be
at an all-time low right now. Not all
time we haven't seen much but he's
right. Retail investors and also other
investors in Tesla are a little
depressed right now. And he says, "And
have been sent into an unending spiral
of depression. He must know that because
he's actually a doctor. All the while
I'm still buying." Okay. And the surfing
cyber surgeon, he's surfing. Here's a
surgeon. He's right about this.
Normally, I would say yes. We all
depressed. People are desperate. They're
losing faith. I see it in all my
comments, on my videos, and on X. I see
a lot of people are getting angry now.
Joe, what are you saying? Isla's toes.
What did I even do? So people are start
to lose faith and normally that's a
clear buying indicator. You know that
means okay we're hitting the bo bottom
rock bottom here. The sentiment is
toast. Even the biggest bulls start to
jump ship because Tesla looks so awful
here and it keeps going down and down
and down and never ending. Look at this
year to date down 22%. Look at that
tragedy that I totally predicted by the
way. And I said Q1 is going to be tough
and the inflection point is going to be
April or May which is now not now but
very very soon. So cyber surgeon
normally I would totally agree with him.
This is the time to double down but I'm
saying no I am saying I'm not doubling
down and people got again angry with me.
And here what is overlord saying?
Uh here, let me get to Oops. I'm not
doubling down on Tesla. That is my
tweet. And then seeking truth said,
"What changed delivery numbers made you
believe that Tesla is not good anymore?"
People don't read my tweets. It's not
that hard. What I said is, "I am not
doubling down on Tesla until I ran
solved." Most people totally overlook
the second part of this sentence, but
it's very important. So let me explain
very quickly before we move on and I
tell you what happens next in my opinion
or what we have to watch out for. When
you look at the whole situation, we can
get lost sometimes. If you're really
into one stock like Tesla, maybe you're
into Palante or Nvidia or Micro
Strategy, whatever it is, those favorite
AI stock you have.
We getting lost in all these dynamics
and people do their chart analysis
become chart analysts and think about,
oh, what is going on? Should I get out?
Should I get in? Should I sell options?
Should I sell calls? Should I sell puts?
Dudes, what's very important in this
world is take a step back, click on
NASDAQ, this little button, NASDAQ, go
in here to date, and what you see is,
oh, it's a disaster. NASDAQ is down
5.45%,
right? It's on a complete drag down. And
since here, when you observe it, here's
February 25th. Here is where the Iran
war started and it's going downhill
since then. And there was just a giant
slide beginning of April or end of
March, last week of March, when things
really seem to escalate. And now we have
this V-shaped recovery. And that is why
I'm not buying because this is
potentially the fakest V-shaped recovery
I've ever seen. The NASDAQ is down only
6% or something from all-time highs. Let
me look here. 6 months alltime highs
here. 24,000 made 21. So yeah, 7%
whatever something like that. And
this thing that happens to Tesla right
now. Sure. JP Morgan said bad things,
downgraded the stock, but that is noise.
That is not why Tesla is down. Tesla is
down because the whole market is down.
The whole market is down because of
Iran. Because the Iran war poses a
significant threat to the world. And
here's the reason why I'm not doubling
down as long as this thing is not
solved. The potential downside of that
war is 10 to 20% in the NASDAQ. We are
down year to date 5.44%. 44%.
So we could drop twice as much on the
low end if this war escalates and four
times as much on the high end in my
opinion. Why is that? Because Iran, you
look at Iran, it's like a major deal.
And people don't want me to talk about
politics because they're all losing
their mind all the time. But I don't
care. We need to make money. We need to
understand what's going on. And when you
look at Iran, when you look at the Iran
map, what you see is we do a little
geography here. This is the Iran map and
this is called the Middle East. Here's
Israel. They're shooting stuff over here
and killing a bunch of people. And then
they're shooting stuff back and they're
killing people here. And then Israel,
for some reason, no one understands,
kills a bunch of people in Lebanon. And
then you have all these people here, the
GCC that are fighting with each other a
little bit, like UAE fought with Yemen a
little bit. and Saudi Arabia doesn't
like Iran. Iraq is a little bit split
but mostly on Iran's side at this point.
Syria is messed up. Jordan, no one
knows. Oman is friendly. So this is a
very messy situation. But the most
important thing is this straight here,
the Gulf of Aiden, the Red Sea.
15 12 to 15% of global trade goes
through this thing through this area
here. Okay? And there are through the
Red Sea. 12 to 15% of the entire global
trade go through that straight. And here
in Yemen, you have the Houthis. The
Houthis are good friends of the
Iranians, and they just declared they're
starting to shoot again. They could
close the Gulf of Aiden or the Red Sea.
They could close down this entire thing.
Here is the Straight of Hormuz, of
course, the famous Straight of Hormuz
around Dubai and on the other side are
in. All the oil goes through there. And
what we have seen so far is a massive
disruption, a massive disruption of the
oil supply globally. Okay? And in a
couple of weeks, we will see that
disruption hit everyone because the
disruption works at the chips. The ships
I talk too much about AI chips. This
time it's about ships. These ships are
being stopped. They're all, you know,
bunched up here. Even if you release it
now, they're starting to trickle through
a little bit because Iran is now making
deals with Europe and some other people,
letting some ships through. But all that
stuff, the delayed supply is now hitting
the markets. So now it's getting a
little more serious in the next couple
of weeks in terms of market impact of
these delayed supplies and the entire
market. Okay, the entire market when you
look at what happened to the market, the
NASDAQ composite, this entire market
setup that we only dropped five or 6% so
far is basically to be interpreted that
we are discounting the entire situation.
The market says it's over. Okay, this
crisis is over. We have now priced in a
little bit of supply disruption, but
everything is fine from here on up.
From here on forward, we have solved the
problem. But when you look at the
situation, it's absolutely not solved at
all. Trump is desperately trying to push
Iran into a ceasefire and Iran is just
saying, "No, we are not going to do a
ceasefire." Okay, this is bad. And the
fact that now ships are going through
the three or four moves again is a fact
that Iran is gaining the upper hand.
Look at this. For example, India here, I
click on this. India is now buying turns
to Iran for oil and gas after seven-year
hiatus signaling limits to US tilt. So
there was there was an embargo on Iran
and now everyone says screw US embargos.
We're just going to buy the oil and
that's why these ships are getting
through. It's not a success of US
pressure. It's the opposite that India
and Europe and France and all these
people are now making deals directly
with Iran settled probably in yen or
euros or whatever. No one knows, not in
dollars, which is a whole different
story. That's why they're getting
through now. So Iran has now control
over the street of Hormuz and is going
to open up and charging everyone a toll.
That would be good news in my opinion.
Then at least we have the oil flowing.
But that is not what Trump wanted. And
Trump is still threatening to attack
them. And now Trump says we have a
deadline coming up tomorrow. Trump says
Iran ceasefire proposal is significant
but not good enough. Okay. Trump wants
desperately out of this war, but Iran
doesn't want a ceasefire. So, I'm not
saying it's not over. What I'm saying is
this can go both ways. It can go both
ways. And it's very important for us as
investors to become a little more
rational. Don't scream. Don't be little
babies. Don't be cry girls and say, "I
love Trump. How can you criticize him?"
Or the opposite. I hate him. Whatever.
No one cares if you love or hate Trump.
What we care about is what is the risk
here? What is the risk that this
actually falls through and we see an
escalation and Trump has to follow
through and bump a bunch of stuff with
the risk that Iran retaliates pretty
badly and starts destroying oil
infrastructure in the other Gulf Gulf
states. Whatever that risk is, it's
definitely not zero. I would say it's
close to 50% if you ask me. This is
unhinged this whole thing. Sure, Trump
has a huge incentive to not do that, but
at the same time, he trapped himself a
little bit. So the hope that Trump gets
his way and this war is over.
Whatever the percentage chance for that
is, it's not 100%. But in my opinion,
the market has priced in 100%. That is
100% priced in that the war is over.
Because if that now escalates and the
United States starts destroying
infrastructure in Iran and Iran
retaliates and destroys oil
infrastructure all over the place, I do
believe we would see a massive market
crash if that happens because it's not
priced in. And if that happens, our
favorite stock Tesla will get murdered.
It will drop 20%. Will drop 10 to 20% if
the NASDAQ drops another 5 to 10%. And
the NASDAQ will drop if that happens
because look at how it behaved. This is
not how you behave when the oil price
goes to 150 or 200 and stays there for a
long time. And that's exactly what can
happen. So my assessment here is this is
not a fairly priced market. the risk is
not priced in and that's why I'm staying
out as much as I can. I'm not going to
touch of course my long-term AGI
positions like Tesla. I of course always
remain my core position, but this is not
the time to double down. It has nothing
to do with Tesla. It has nothing to do
with JP Morgan or Brinkman. It has
everything to do with a crazy crazy
fight in the Middle East with Trump
little war with Iran not playing ball
and the whole situation. Now I know
cyber capab is potentially coming up. We
have to watch this day by day. This is
not something that I tell you and I'm
sticking to that for weeks. No, this is
a very tactical situation. It could be
over tomorrow. I will keep you updated
what I think about Iran. But Iran is
everything for us right now. Tesla is
just a sideeshow. Once Iran is gone,
then we have to refocus on Tesla. If
Iran would be gone and off the table, I
would say absolutely time to double down
on Tesla because this is an enormously
powerful deal we get on the stock given
the situation with Cyber Cap coming and
I'm very very bullish on this actually
happening. So once we have that macro
risk off the table, it's it's time to
go. It's time to double down. But the
macro risk is not good. It is mispriced
in the market. The market has enormous
downside from here potential. If
anything goes wrong now, it could just
go right and then we will review the
situation again. So, I keep you posted.
I hope that was interesting. We will see
what happens. It's definitely a time to
be glued to the screen. Even though
normally you shouldn't be glued to the
screen, you should be glued to this
channel NX and Pioneer Lands because we
are watching this and it is time to be
on top of your game because if this
works out the way I think it could be
beautiful, but I don't want to take this
market risk. I hope that was
interesting. See you tomorrow.