Channel:     jobhakdi
Title:       The SECRET PLAN Behind Tesla Terafab
URL:         https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oWXQLDMNpSk
Published:   2026-09-18 16:00 UTC
Fetched:     2026-09-18 17:00 UTC

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

We have to talk about the most important
project in AI in AI infrastructure at
least and this is the Tesla and SpaceX
terrafab and this terrafab is a project
so crazy that you can't even fathom it
and today we want to shed some light
what this project is all about here you
have this crazy crazy view it is like a
billion times larger than the 10
greatest buildings on earth combined
whatever I don't know the numbers but
some crazy number like that what is this
thing why is Tesla building it and what
is the real strategy behind it is this
terra fab which is a fabrication site
for semiconductors for chips is that an
attempt to become a competitor for
Nvidia and AMD or is it an attempt to
become a competitor for the memory
stocks like Micron and SKHix that is the
central bottleneck right now or is it a
competitor editor for TSMC,
the actual FAP that manufactures all
these chips right now for Nvidia MD and
everyone else. What is this thing? What
is the plan, Elon? And why could it be
so decisive? And most importantly, why
does Yensen Hang, the CEO of Nvidia,
like this thing when it's such a big
competition for the chips? So in order
to understand what's actually going on
here and to reveal the secret behind the
terra app that people haven't thought of
and that I think is the answer to all
these questions. Why is it so mega
large? Why is it so much larger than
anything on earth? We have to understand
what the real problem the real macro
problem is in chip manufacturing and in
the AI built out. And you have probably
heard over the last weekend this
explosion of talk about the frontier,
pacing the frontier, open AI, Dario and
Elon coming out and saying we all will
die very soon because AI is going to
take over and then we get all murdered
and that is a problem and that should
not happen. And why are they coming out
now to demand from the US government,
from the Chinese government to do
something? Why did I even chip in and
say, "Yes, I think that's actually not
that dumb. It's not as dumb as it
sounds. ASI is a real problem." Why is
everyone suddenly talking about this?
The reason why everyone is talking about
this is because what we see behind the
scenes at OpenAI, at anthropic
especially, but potentially even with
Grock and SpaceX, is that the AI of the
next generation and the generation after
the next generation that is already in
the labs, that's already being testrun
looks a little scary. It looks scary
because it's extremely intelligent. It
looks scary because we had things like
the hugging face incident where 10,000
rogue agents colluded to overwhelm
OpenAI security, hacked into their
server, became admins, and did very bad
things. And it took a week for OpenAI to
even realize what's going on. Why did
this trigger Daario to write a long
article that we have to stop this
development or at least pace the
frontier and slow down the development
of AI? This is not an appeal to all of
us that we have to stop progress. It is
the exact opposite. These guys who are
at the absolute frontier, Elon, Dario
and Sam, the people, the three people on
the planet who know the most about
actual frontier models and what's
actually happening behind the scenes.
You have to understand this. These are
the three singular people who actually
understand the most what is going on
right now. They came together and say
dudes this is serious. And Elon also
confirmed this is not some 4D chess for
an IPO pitch or marketing or regulatory
capture. This is serious. And I agree. I
agree with what Elon says. Some people
say Elon is just fooling all of us and
the other two are also fooling us. But I
don't think so in this instant for many
many reasons. They're not fooling us.
They are actually concerned. This
concern means that the power that these
people see in these models is
overwhelming. And that means the fact
that they want to pace the frontier that
they have extreme AGI capabilities. And
that means for products that are coming
out now and in the next 6 months and 12
months and 18 months that the
capabilities of AI will absolutely
explode because even the next generation
which is one generation behind the
frontier generation will be so powerful
that everything changes. We see it with
Grockbot already. I just had a
conversation with someone who knows a
lot of things. He said for the first
time AI is actually replacing my
employees now. I can actually replace my
employees now with Grockbot because it
becomes so useful. That means anthropic
and open also very soon will have things
harnesses and systems that are very
useful that replace employees. That
means that the value of AI, the business
value is going to explode over the next
12 to 18 months on a super broad scale.
We talking about trillions of value
being generated. And once you generate
trillions of value, you will have
extreme demand. Extreme demand for
compute. So let's connect the dots
again. The fact that they are scared,
the fact they want to pace the frontier,
the fact that they think ASI is going to
kill us is actually extremely bullish on
a tactical level for what is happening
on the business side of things because
it means that what's rolling out now and
in the next 12 to 18 months, 6 to 12 to
18 months is going to be so powerful
that every business is being
transformed. Now is the time. This is a
signal. This is not fantasy in some
distant future. It is happening right
now. And that means that Elon sees that
the demand for chips and compute is
going to go absolutely exponential from
here. Right now it's linear, slightly
exponential, but it is going to go
absolutely exponential. And if that
happens and when that happens in 2028,
29, 30, and then all the way to the
2030s, there will be a giant bottleneck.
And what is that bottleneck? Let's be
very clear what that bottleneck is. You
could argue, oh, it's Nvidia chips. It's
Vera Rubin. It's the next generation of
Vera Rubin. Maybe it is some of the
custom chips that Broadcom is designing
with Amazon or Google or OpenAI now.
Maybe it is all these weird little names
for the chips. It doesn't matter. It is
all these chips. Or is it memory? Is it
Micron? Is it SKH highix? Is it the high
bandwidth HPM memory of these stocks
that became so valuable because of it?
Or is it the layer underneath? Is it the
fabs and the memory factories or the
core factories that actually do the
memory and the underlying fabs? What is
it? Or is it the packaging? Right? I
don't mean cardboard packaging. I mean
something that's called packaging that
you need actually these chips put on the
boards and do all these things to
actually have something you can slide
into a server rack. That's called
packaging. All the stuff around it.
Everything is very complicated. Hey, on
this channel we do something very
important. We deeply analyze,
understand, and predict capital, AGI,
and politics. Not just to beat the
markets and make a lot of money, even
though that's important, but also to
build a new society and make the future
good for all of us, the pioneers. If you
want to help me on this journey, you can
do that by doing a very simple thing.
Like and subscribe. It helps me a lot.
Thank you so much for your support. And
let's get back to the video. The answer
is Elon doesn't care about that. Elon
sees the bigger picture and says,
"Dudes, we need to tfold, 100fold,
thousandfold, millionfold the production
of these chips." And in order to do
that, and here comes the central thing,
we don't just need to accelerate Nvidia
or copy Nvidia or copy AMD. We don't
just have to copy SKH Highix or Micron
for memory. And we don't just have to
copy the fabs Intel and especially TSMC.
What we h or the packaging what we have
to do is not just memory, not just
chips, not just FAPS, not just
packaging. What we have to do is we have
to absolutely explode the capacity of
the final output of all these processes.
And what that means is there are
bottlenecks all over the place. It is
not memory alone. It is not chips alone.
It's not faps alone. It's not packaging
alone. It's the entire thing. And now
you think Joe, isn't that megalomanic of
Elon to think he can just take some of
the most advanced and trillions of
dollars worth of companies and just
knock them out as competitors? And Elon
says now SpaceX and Tesla build the
terra fab and they replace Nvidia,
Google, AMD, Intel and then Samsung,
SKHix and Micron when actually no single
firm on earth can even dream about
replacing even one of them. No one can
compete with Micron for example. No one
can compete with SKHix. They can compete
against each other but there's no
competition. No one can even get close
to that. Not even Nvidia, not even TSMC.
And on the other hand, no one can
compete with Nvidia's core competency.
No one. AMD is trying, but no one can
compete against AMD or Nvidia. The same
is true for TSMC. Even more, no one can
compete with TSMC. So, each of them owns
their little piece of the pie. Little is
euphemism. It's not little. But no one
can compete against any of them. They
are all absolute technology leaders. And
it's not that Elon can walk in there and
defeat them all. But what Elon sees is
that all of them have a problem. Every
single one of them has a problem. They
don't have the scale. They don't have
the vertical and horizontal integration
for a massive 1000,000x
buildout. And in order to get there,
they need something. They need something
new. They need something weird,
something that is not just one of them
or a competitor or a little piece of the
puzzle. They need a new world. They need
a new civilization. They need a new
city. They need a new city where all of
them or at least one of each category or
multiple of each category can move into
that city, bring all their skills and
expertise and have an environment, an
infrastructure that welcomes their core
competency, expands the core competency,
connects it to the other people's core
competency, and fills out all the gaps
around them to have a seamless monster
fab. also known as terraab and that dear
viewers is my theory of the terrafab.
The terraab is not a chip factory. The
terrafab is not a memory factory. The
terrafab is not a fab is not tmc. The
terrafab is a civilizational
infrastructure to empower the most
advanced chip related technologies to
move in to one giant thing. bring their
best skills and expertise and make sure
that they are being integrated into a
singular vertically and horizontally
integrated super thing whose only
purpose is to churn out so many chips
you can't even imagine and all these
chips maybe not all of them but most of
them go into AI satellites go straight
to SpaceX and be shot into space where
they get the space and energy and
interlinkage with lasers of course to
combine them in the greatest brain the
galaxy has ever seen. I don't know the
galaxy, but the solar system has ever
seen. Who knows what the galaxy did?
Maybe the galaxy did that before. We
will not know anytime soon. And so that
is my theory of the terrafab. Why is
that so important? And what are the
little hints we have that this is the
case? Well, the hints is that Intel is
already in, Samsung is already in, and
now Nvidia seems very excited about this
whole thing. And I would not surprised I
would be not be surprised if we very
soon hear that Micron and SKH Heinix or
just Micron who knows is also on board.
Maybe ASML, maybe TSMC. Because what
Elon understands is don't compete
against the best in their field that are
absolutely on top of their game. Elon is
not going to beat Micron and memory.
That would be also dumb. That's not the
problem. But Elon can partner up with
all these people and give them an
insanely large mega infrastructure and
then can see who's failing and can see
where the gaps are in the entire
process. And that is where Tesla and
SpaceX will build proprietary solutions
to fill the gaps because the only
purpose of this thing is to maximize
output and achieve this 10x 100x 10,000x
business that Elon wants. Elon is not in
the and SpaceX and Tesla are not in the
business of replacing any of these
people. They are in the business of
preparing the most enormous buildout in
the history of the galaxy. Again, solar
system. Sorry, I don't know about the
galaxy. In the history of the solar
system and they need everyone to be
ready and they know people are not ready
and therefore they're preparing a super
structure that makes all of them ready.
There you have it. That is my theory of
the terra fab. That is my theory why
this is so enormously gigantic because
all the place and space will be needed.
It will be the forum Roman. It will be
the place the V Venice of the EIH and
everyone will meet there and create the
vastest production thing ever. It's
amazing. Thanks Elon for thinking a
little bigger. That is also why there's
no scarcity of buildout capex. You can
invest trillions into this thing because
it won't just be SpaceX and Tesla
investing here. they will just make it
all happen and vertically and
horizontally integrate an enormous
manufacturing system. I hope that was
interesting. Now you know my theory.
Let's see if I'm right. I'm at least
partially right and we see how it
evolves. Until then, see you tomorrow.