Channel:     jobhakdi
Title:       Tesla Earnings This Week: Stock CRASH? Plus: SHOCKING Kimi And Qwen AI!
URL:         https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1i_m6hs3I8c
Published:   2026-07-19 18:50 UTC
Fetched:     2026-07-19 21:00 UTC

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

And we have, of course, one of the most
exciting, one of four of the most
exciting weeks of 2026 ahead for
everyone who's a Tesla shareholder. It
is earnings, Q2 earnings to be more
precise. And it's time to think and
position ourselves for that crazy
earnings week. But we are not just going
to talk about Tesla earnings. That is
the first part of this session. The
second part will be about AI. We have to
talk about AI and Tesla is affected of
course but SpaceX is also affected and
the entire world is affected in very
fundamental ways because the last week
was crazy. But first let's do start with
Tesla earnings and what is happening. So
as you probably know Tesla is not doing
too well. We know that the stock is
under pressure. We can take a quick look
at what Tesla is doing. Here is my
SpaceX chart. We will talk about this
maybe later if you guys have questions
about it. But as you know, Tesla's at
380 doing horrible during the last
month. Ooh, this doesn't look very good.
Everyone is getting slaughtered here.
And of course, the last days were
depressing. Tesla totally on a
downtrend. The market on Friday looked
very bad. Micron for example total crash
then recovered very nicely. So I think
we are bot bottoming out potentially on
the semiconductor blood bath the entire
AI play is getting destroyed. Tesla no
exception doing very very badly. Nothing
can hold it up. SpaceX same situation of
course now under IPO price down 14%
in the last week and of course 20% over
the last month. So everyone doing
horrible. We can for fun look also at my
favorite second position now after Tesla
which is Micron. That thing got also
absolutely destroyed. Down 30% over the
last month and over the last five days
actually up 3.1%. That's surprising. Uh
what why is that?
That's actually weird. Why is it
823? It was 5 days ago. Weird. But you
see the downtrend. This thing is also
getting slaughtered. Of course, after a
tremendous runup, it's still up 197% for
the year. And that is the big picture
here. We actually doing pretty good for
the semis. But when it comes to Tesla,
what are we doing with Tesla? Let's look
at what awaits us on earnings. Of
course, we have all these uh consensus
situations that Tesla is publishing
where we see what analysts actually
expect. I don't want to bore you with
this. I never believe there is much much
of uh alpha to be had with these bets. I
mean, some people are trying to play it,
but it doesn't even help. Even if you
beat even if Tesla beats some of these
numbers, you don't know the whisper
number. You don't know what people
already know. I do not like to play
earnings. And I won't play it in a big
way this week either because I think
this is not the time when you look at
the market. This is not the time where a
stock goes up and down based on some
earnings uh surprises to the down or
upside. No one really cares. We know the
deliveries were amazing. Blew it out of
the water. So this will be some tailwind
but completely 100% priced in. The next
question will be of course
uh Robo Taxi and Optimus if there's any
news. But I can already tell you guys
the odds that the earnings will tell you
anything about that are very very slim
to nothing because of course you know
Elon and the team they're not going to
give anything anything uh about that
right and
you know
I think what we will expect
uh no news on robotexios or or optimus
this is not an earnings thing normally
uh if these news happen. They happen
outside earnings. They happen through
actual deployments. Uh what we will see
is some disappointment or shock
potentially that will be negative
on the free cash flow. Let's see where
do I have that free cash flow situation
which will be very very bad.
Uh here cash flow Tesla. I thought I had
bookmarked this. I think Alexander Mertz
did a did a good uh did a good chart on
this or comment on this. We know that
free cash flow is actually in a giant
drop off across the board and the market
is not a big fan right now of free cash
flow destruction or balance sheet
destruction. The hyperscalers here
Amazon, Google Meta, Microsoft, Oracle
are in here. You see that the free cash
flow is absolutely tanking and goes to
these semiconductor companies that don't
benefit from that by the way because the
market is nuts right now. Absolutely
nuts with Micron and Nvidia going down
while they are sucking up all the you
know free cash flow that comes from the
hyperscalers being invested. We know the
market doesn't like that and Tesla will
surprise a little bit on the downside.
uh not downside. I think it's very smart
what they're doing, but the market's not
going to like it in my opinion. Uh here,
Alexander Mertz says, "Wall Street sees
free cash flow around negative 3.25
billion for the first time because Tesla
is spending money on building out these
factories and the cyber caps and Optimus
and all these things. Uh she estimates
we will see negative five billion. That
would be very bad. cash position 41
billion going. Wall Street expects 41
billion which would be pretty neutral
but she expects it to go down another
two billion which is in line with her
estimate here. Capex guidance 2026.
Uh went last quarter from 20 billion to
25 billion. Wouldn't shock me if they
head now towards 35 to 40 billion. I
think that's bogus Alexandra. I think
that's a little exaggerated.
But what she's getting here at is we are
in investment mode and we see a
disconnect in the market that is a
little dangerous for these earnings. I'm
not going to predict anything. I never
play earnings. I don't believe in
playing earnings. There's too much going
on there. No one can predict it. And
getting alpha on earnings is not
possible in my opinion. So it could go
up, could go down, could probably be
flat or down 2% up 1%. That's the most
likely outcome. I don't think there's a
big move coming, but I'm not betting on
anything.
But if there's anything, I think we can
get a surprise on free cash flow where
Tesla spends more than expected and cash
flow drops more than expected and that
can't be good in this market. That can't
be a good thing right now. So, do I see
any great lights at the end of the
tunnel for earnings specifically? No. To
be honest, you never know. I'm not
saying the stock is not going to go up,
but down is just more likely. Will we
see a runup into earnings?
Potentially back to 400. Completely
speculative because Wall Street, the
negativity that's surrounding everything
right now that is in any way technology
and AI is out of this world. And Wall
Street is probably also reading these
things and also thinking yeah what if
they invest more than expected cash flow
goes down more than expected. I think
that is the most sensitive point. So
that is
what's going on. Uh
and uh so I'm not super excited but
again everything I'm saying here is not
a secret to anyone. So in a way
everything I'm saying is priced in and
so I would not be surprised if we
flatline again in earnings unless
there's any surprise coming out of this
call. I think deliveries are great. I
think earnings will be great. I think
cash flow will be very bad. I think
capex will be very high. I think optimus
will not be commented on in a way that
says anything. I think robo taxi will
not be commented on in a way that says
anything in so far I am not playing
earnings. I might initiate an out ofthe
money short put position because you
always get a juicy premium. So if we go
into earnings at 380 which I don't think
I think we are going to go back to 400
or something before. Let's see with the
market whatever. But if you should go
into earnings down here at 380, maybe
selling some 370 puts expiring in the
week this week and getting your eight
bucks or something for it or six bucks
is good because if it actually drops
then to 364
where you would lose money on it, then
you just buy the stock. So I think
that's good because let's get to the
second part of this Tesla take.
While I'm very not bullish on earnings
just for tactical reasons because
everything is priced in and there might
be negative cash flow surprises,
I remain and I know right now sentiment
is at the bottom. Sentiment is destroyed
and I sound stupid and people hate me
for it. But I stick to my guns. I was
wrong on May. I was wrong on June, but I
still believe I'm right on the
fundamental
bet that cyber cap scaling is the
decisive the decisive signal for us. And
cyber sca cyber cap is scaling.
And let me scroll down to my cyber cap
drops. Uh and cyber cap has another big
big thing that everyone is ignoring now
which is insane. Look at this. Are you
kidding me? Are you kidding me? Like if
you would have told people in January
this year or even December last year
that we would look at an unbelievable
like
125 cyber caps
running at a time and a record 245
cyber caps in a single day pushed out in
one day. I told everyone we will see a
run rate of over 1,000 cyber caps in
July. Everyone was laughing at me. I
told everyone we already have over a
thousand cyber caps produced and we will
produce just in July more than a
thousand cyber caps. People are laughing
at me. Okay, if you're laughing so hard,
how do you explain that we have 245
cyber caps in a single day? Of course,
we are producing already over a
thousand. We are going to probably
produce close to 2,000 latest by
September per month but probably in
August
which means we are hitting 5,000 cyber
5,000 cyber caps by September.
Okay, let's just be realistic. No one is
talking about these numbers. We need to
put our little rational hat on when
everyone is crying, when everyone is
whining. When I was like, "Oh, I lost
40% of my portfolio." Dude, it's
Armageddon out there. what do you
expect?
But that doesn't change the fact what's
happening with Tesla. By September,
5,000 cyber caps. That's just a fact.
Okay. So, what does that mean? What does
it mean? And that is exactly my point
that I'm hammering home. I'm sticking to
it because it's a very rational point.
If we have 5,000 cyber caps, and we will
have we have it by September.
How do you exactly explain that? that if
you are a bear or like a little whiny
person and you're saying, "Joe, it's
over. There is no cyber cap. FSD robot
taxi. It will take another 10 years."
Okay. How do you explain that we have
5,000 cyber caps by September and
probably 20,000 by December? 20,000 by
December. Really? So, you think this is
just happening, but they will never be
deployed? And we really think we are on
a trajectory to 20,000 by December. 15
to 20,000 by December. Exactly as I
predicted. Exactly as I predicted. And
people are just saying, "Sure, Joe, you
are right on this, but you're wrong on
robo taxi. They are not being deployed."
Really? Really? So, you think we are on
a trajectory to 20,000, but nothing is
going to happen. They're just going to
sit in parking lots and in 2027 Tesla
will have booked all parking lots in
America to store 200,000 cyber caps. You
think that's their plan? Well, I do not
think that's their plan. I think they
are manufacturing these things. I think
they know they have solved the thing
effectively. They're fine-tuning some
last little pieces. And why am I so
confident that this is imminent in the
next whatever? I'm not going to make any
predictions anymore.
But there are only two outcomes here.
Either the trajectory that we are on
right now full on exactly as I predicted
the trajectory of production either that
keeps going up and then they have to
deploy them latest by end of the year
very likely now in Q3
or they have to stop production.
There is no possible scenario where they
keep churning them out into the hundreds
of thousands next year and don't deploy
them. So, one of two things have to
happen. They have to throttle production
or they have to deploy them. I do not
see any indication that they throttle
production. And now would be the time.
Now would be the time to throttle
production. You don't ramp it up to
5,000 and 2,000 per month and then say,
"Oops, I guess we have to throttle." No,
that's not the more this is going on,
the more it's guaranteed. We are
actually on track.
And when everyone is whining the most,
listen to Joe.
You know, I take a lot of risks by being
that clear when everyone is losing hope.
I don't have hope. I have eyes and ears
and I'm looking at these things. So that
is my point here. And that is much more
important than earnings because who
cares about earnings? This here is
important. What is happening here? And
what is the plan? And then people say,
"Oh, they have steering wheels. I don't
even know if these have steering wheels.
Can we see that? That these are
faradotss. I think they have a steering
wheel
there. Is this a steering wheel? I don't
know. This doesn't look like one. I have
no idea if there's steering wheels. But
we also know that they started
manufacturing them without steering
wheels. So, even if they have steering
wheels, some of them, some of them won't
have it. So, that is my main point and
that is why I'm sticking to Tesla. Of
course, now is not the time to bail.
Now, I also like M Micron. I think there
will be a bounce. I don't think this
thing is going to crash much more. It's
at ridiculously undervalued situations,
but that's what I think. Okay, so let's
go through the questions here
before we go about the AI storm. We are
like in unprecedented times. So, let's
go through the questions and then in 10
minutes I will continue with my AI take.
That is the second part. Today we have a
two-part show. The second part is very
important too.
Okay. Poxy frostbite. So big fan number
one says, "Hi Joe." Hello big fan number
one. CS Peno says to the moon. Exactly.
Poxy says this is the seasonal trend.
People need cash and there is no savings
so they need to sell. Why do they need
cash now? I think it's going to be a
value of tears for months.
Maybe, maybe not.
Maybe, maybe not. I mean, this the
semiconductor blood bath
is very fake and phony. So, I don't
believe I don't believe this is going on
for much longer on the semiconductor
side. Andreas Peterson says, "People
should stop worry. It's all about fear
of home straight. That's it. It will be
fine."
I think was a combination. Andreas, I
think Andreas had to go to the gym. I
just read, so he's not here anymore. But
yeah, the Iran situation. I mean, this
is
I don't know what's going on there.
Like, I don't even understand. I think
Iran has had it now and it's getting
extremely dangerous. I think Trump has
messed this up. I think I might have
been wrong on Iran. Let's see. Because I
had this belief that Trump has some
sense left in him. But if this goes
wrong, there is no excuse for him. This
would be the biggest mess up probably
ever.
The most unnecessary suicide I've ever
seen of a president and of a country.
But let's see what happens. But uh yeah,
I'm losing a little bit faith that there
is anyone who has any kind of control in
the White House. So that could now
escalate. I just heard Iran is
considering boots on the ground. Iran is
considering boots on the ground and
invading Kuwait or something. That's the
latest. I mean, I wouldn't blame them.
Why not? So, this is all I mean, who
knows?
Mark Pillssworth says, "Rip Joe stock
portfolio. Try and get out if you can on
any runup into earnings."
Well, I definitely would not get out at
this point. I would be not on margin.
But I think Tesla is in an amazing
situation and even if the market has a
hiccup and you know whatever, it doesn't
matter. Even if the market crashes and
Tesla goes to 200, who cares?
There is no way that the market keeps up
its ridiculous tantrum it's throwing
right now. There is no way you can value
things like micron at a 7x forward PE
when that thing grows at a minimum of
100% a year. It's just completely nuts,
right? A seven forward PE means that at
a growth rate of 100% that you can buy
the company for the profits of three
years. I mean, hello. This is the
biggest mispricing I've ever seen. like
you you basically the amount you pay for
Micron you get back in earnings within
three years. Are you kidding me? That's
nuts. And of course, if that's the
benchmark, Tesla could have 2 million
robo taxis actually in operation and
would be 30% overvalued on that metric.
But that metric has never been the
metric in in the history of the stock
market. We are at the most undervalued
stock market when it comes to these key
stocks that we have ever seen. I can't
even remember when we were there. That's
a long story. But
as with all these pullbacks, as we saw
it with the deepseek shock, I bought
Nvidia like crazy and I did a good job.
That was last year. The pullback in
November, I bought it. It was great. So
these stupid pullbacks it was I ran a
little bit but it was also K3 Kimmy K3 I
think now that I had time to think about
what happened Thursday and Friday it was
the release of Kimmy in my opinion that
killed the semiconductors
which is dumb. It's like deepse does the
opposite. It creates more demand for
them not less.
So epoxy frostbite for me Adobe was a
good short-term call for my cash waiting
for some SpaceX buying since 16th Jud's
up over 14%. Nice.
A little risky here, but I think Poxy
Frostbite did the right thing. The blood
bath in SAS stocks was also over. What
do you think that SAS talks have they're
turning themselves into AI companies?
They have all these corporate clients.
You're not going to replace Adobe with
some stupid AI company. Adobe is turning
into a company and has all the leads.
Like, I think the SAS apocalypse was a
goodbye.
Tesla Granny says, "Hi, Joe. Glad to
catch you live. I'm excited about
earnings." Well, yeah, me too, Tesla
Granny. But I'm trying to stay on the
sidelines with any additional risk just
with my core position. Andreas Peterson
going to hit the gym. We'll watch this
tomorrow. Joe, sure the best. Well,
second best Tesla Daily Show is the
best. But after that, you're the best.
Wait, Tesla daily. It's better than me.
See you tomorrow, Joe.
See you then. Estricus,
we are around an uptrend that has held
for past two years. I imagine we could
go down on earnings and recover in a
week or next Monday. Just my
inexperience, unprofessional opinion.
Anyway, yeah, could be.
Um, pox first. Unless there's a
blockbuster reveal, we will already
priced in for big increase. We know
Tesla is cheap. We know SpaceX will be
cheaper. Yes, it's a no-brainer what to
buy today. The question is if there
becomes a third to a time to buy a Tesla
SpaceX ratio or to switch all together
to SpaceX. Yeah, epoxy frostbite.
I have a bookmark here somewhere on
this. I want to show you the SpaceX
thing. I'm going to probably do a show
on that, but I can give you a preview. I
mean, that's what people think. That's
what I actually think is going to
happen.
I don't think we will see that much of a
runup, but August 11th, we see this 20%
unlock. September, we see a 14% unlock,
14% unlock, 28% unlock. I mean, these
are enormous selling pressure events for
SpaceX and it's still totally highly
valued compared to any comparable.
Against that, we have Colossus 2. The my
team is doing more and more analysis. We
are going to come out hopefully next
week, maybe the week after with a more
specific colossus prediction. I think
SpaceX will see massive inflows of
earnings
uh this year and that might offset some
of that trend.
But even after these earnings, they will
probably triple earnings. They will end
up at 25 billion or something. But does
it help you if you're two trillion?
Probably not. Uh so this is happening.
Okay. Plus chip for optimus is already
being produced by Samsung and Taylor.
Yeah. But Tesla granny this is all good
stuff but no one cares about that right
now in this market. Always remember
Micron. This is all future cash flows.
Micron is drowning in current cash and
insane growth and everyone is bashing
it. So as long as the market is is that
insane,
but I don't think it will stay this
insane for long, uh Tesla has no chance.
That's what I think as a stock as long
as this is the situation.
RAM percent is currently what's
important. If you see ramp, the people
that understand operations and logistics
understand that even 10% ramp is very
big.
Well, but we see we need to see
unsupervised deployment of cyber caps
before anything happens here.
Uh, young dude 80 AJ says Tesla
fundamentals profit from core business
is deteriorating. With that in mind, if
RT is relate
could down to 300s or lower. What you
think? Young dude AJ is a total Tesla
hater right now. I don't know why he's a
total Elon and Tesla hater. I read some
of his um robo taxi uh margin
predictions or Abbit contribution margin
predictions.
They are probably what was it a fourth
of ours and I think ours are pretty
good. So I think he got it wrong on
Cyber Cap. Totally wrong by the way. Uh
so I think he comes in at 20,000 a year
at the best run. We come in at 50,000 a
year that Cyber Cap actually makes at
scale.
And in the beginning he's at I think
he's at 10,000 per year and I think we
are at
I forgot at 20,000 or 25,000 in in the
beginning 10 at 100,000 cyber caps or
something. So I think AJ is wrong on
this. Um and the profit from core
business I don't know if it's
deteriorating.
Uh it actually recovered and it keeps
recovering in my opinion. uh because the
like from 2026 from 2025 to 2026. So uh
the question where the stock goes is a
total function of the market. The market
right now is insane. The market is like
a hating market. It hates everything
that is tech.
Tesla granny says Trump will come
through for us. I have lost hope. Tesla
Granny
I was always a Trump supporting person
but this Iran thing is very irritating.
And if that goes wrong, there's just
absolutely no excuse. This was the
dumbest thing I've ever seen. So, at
some point, we need to be realistic.
Let's see.
I was always willing to cut him a lot of
slack, but this is getting really
stupid.
I'm exec what I
exec. We didn't get 1,800 active taxes
in April. When do you think we'll get to
that? Do you think it's the same
inflection point?
Um,
I think the situation has slightly
changed, but regarding the inflection
point, if we see thousands and thousands
and thousands of cyber caps already in
parking lots or being tested and then we
getting into hundreds of cyber caps, I
think the stock could follow quickly
because the difference between 100, 200,
and 1,800 is very marginal if you're at
a ramp,
right? So I think it's now more into the
CERN theory that where it doesn't it's
not a specific number. The question is
when is it hundreds of these things and
when do people start believing they just
scaled.
Actus
says do know what is goal in Iran to be
honest but the Iranian people definitely
want this want what do they want? They
want war. I don't know the overall tech
volatility is going to hurt retail the
most. They are buying insurance
which they don't understand and will buy
high and sell low like always. Sure. And
we know a lot of Koreans are leveraged
into this market which is bad.
Scott Anders Iran boots on the ground.
No way. It would be a pigeon shoot.
Think sevenday war or USA versus Iraq.
Well, I'm not a war expert, but I think
some troops invading Kuwait and taking
the US bases, the US is very, very in a
very bad shape, these bases. They're not
welldefended. They're all like half
retreated.
And it would be a very symbolic victory
if they could move in and destroy these
bases and take American prisoners. Of
course, that would then lead to a total
escalation.
But I do not think the Iranian what is
it guard the crazy guard would mind
that. So I don't know it's not good.
Poxy frostbite Wall Street is even worse
on the tech bump. The numbers they like
are high. The numbers tell us nothing
about companies like MU Micron being
able to reinvest and serve the new
demand level. They don't have the plan
or the ability. It takes years.
Um,
who? Micron.
What do you mean? Fro uh proxy
frostbite. Joe told us that Q1 will be
choppy. Q2 will be worse.
Yeah, Q2 is so far much worse than I
thought. Let me put like this. SAS
companies are future AI brands. I'm 5%
in until we arrive at the SpaceX bottom.
Yes. I mean the only thing that makes me
cautious about my space SpaceX
prediction is it's too obvious
but so far I was completely right. So
I'm always cautious if what I'm saying
is so obvious that because if something
is completely obvious in the stock
market is it really going to happen? But
in SpaceX's
case yeah it's completely obvious but
the forcing function to make it obvious
is so strong that it might just be
exactly what we expect. Uh that's why
the short ratio is so high, the short
interest, but it's just going to happen.
Thoughts?
Thoughts on all the 245 cyber caps
having wheels and pedals? Do they all of
them have wheels and pedals? I didn't
check it. It's very hard to see for me.
Uh because someone said they have it,
but do they all I don't know. Do they
have it or not? How do we know? Look at
this. Look at this down here. I don't
see that.
Like everyone is saying, "Oh, they have
wheels and paddles." And then I look,
it's like, "Where are the wheels and
paddles?" I'm not saying it's not the
case, but is it the case?
Like,
like, how can I zoom in more? Why can I
not zoom in more?
Copy image. Maybe I can like
uh let me see if I can
open my special technology,
my PowerPoint technology.
Let's do this now live and and and be
CIA. Play a little CIA here. Satellite
photo CIA. Let's see if I can do this.
And then let's do this. I just have to
figure out how to share the screen.
Can I share the screen?
Let's try to share this
window.
Uh oh, I have to share the entire screen
here. This is my new technology.
It's called PowerPoint. Let's do it
right now and debunk all these
speculators.
Okay. Where I want to see here you only
see it at Joe's Mega Show where we
actually debunk all these people.
Can I Let's do this even more. We will
be like the CIA
and we'll see.
Okay, I zoom it to death until I see
pixels.
I want to see
what is going. And then here's cloud. So
we need cloudless. Like what is this?
How is this?
See guys, like I don't know. I don't see
steering wheels. Who's even telling us
that there are steering wheels? Can you
see the screen?
I will zoom it even more. And I will
zoom it to death.
Okay, we zoom it to death. Here's the
truth. The moment of truth is coming. I
want to see the steering wheels.
Okay.
Okay. Now,
this is a cloud.
This could be a steering wheel.
I mean, do you guys see steering wheels?
This is a shadow.
I mean, I can absolutely not see a
steering wheel. Is this a steering
wheel?
here up here. They have no
shadows.
Like look at this. How is this a
steering wheel?
God damn it. I cannot work for the CIA
here. Look at this thing. There is no
steering wheel. Okay. What is your take
on this?
Any
opinions? Did you guys see a steering
wheel?
I do not see a steering wheel.
Yeah, no one sees a steering wheel. So,
what is this whole? Everyone's like,
"But why do they have all steering
wheels?" Like, I don't see a steering
wheel. I can't guarantee there are no
steering wheels in there, but I can't
see them.
So
I'm sorry
we did now the full technology
review.
Okay, let's go back to normal sharing.
So that was an important exercise.
Poxy says on micron sure they got some
short-term margin. How will they use the
cash? They weren't expecting it. So,
they aren't going to have a well-laid
plan for expansion. Tesla is going to
devour the other semis.
Well, no one can build this ram, by the
way. It's not Tesla cannot build this
Ram.
Kn says, "I ran with nukes. I thought
you were smart." Well, I'm German. You
know if you become a fanatic back in the
days remember the Germans they say under
no circumstance can Russia whatever
whatever they made up have nukes and
then all Germans died. So being very
fanatic about Iran can never have nukes.
What do you So what are you willing to
sacrifice the United States? You know
every every time people get or sound a
little fanatic I'm getting a little
cautious. It's not about nukes or not
nukes. It's about what can you do and
are you willing to commit suicide?
That's the question. That's why I'm very
skeptical.
The whole nuke story. I mean,
a go five. Joe, are you waiting for a
moon, Mars, space, compute, civilization
within our lifetimes or just hoping it's
counted to before we die?
What do you mean? Are you waiting for
moon, mass, space, computation? So, my
theory is I don't care about mass. Mass
was always a stupid idea. I said it
forever.
moon is going to happen but I wouldn't
wait for it but space compute a go 5 I
think people underestimate how fast this
is going to happen my take on it is I
will not be surprised if you have a
gigawatt compute in space by 2029 a
gigawatt okay a gigawatt so that's 10
that's a thousand of these satellites
or 500 even only because they just
doubled it. So 500 of these satellites.
This is right. No, we need five to get
to a megawatt.
No, 5,000 of these satellites. So we
need 5,000 of the satellites. That's one
gawatt and then tenfolded every year.
That would be 10 gawatt and then a 100
gawatt. 100 gawatt in space before let's
say 2033 to be cautious. So this is not
far off and the money you will get for
that stuff will start flowing in in 2027
the contract. So and then in a big way
in 2028 so the space computers is real
that's what I'm saying
a moon will take forever mass will
whatever no one cares
Chris Giddy says ultimately what do
steering wheels mean? I tell you what
they mean, Chris. They are very
important. If you have cyber caps
without a steering wheel,
you can only deploy them in real life.
Well, you can only deploy them
unsupervised.
I think it's very important. As long as
they have steering wheels, people say
whatever. This is just testing and
prototyping the non- steering wheel
cyber caps. And I think I'm now sure
that they don't have like look at them.
You know, I zoomed them in for you.
And that is a very big deal. Downloads.
I want to zoom them in again just for
fun. Open file.
How does it open it here? Can I zoom
this in?
Is this a window I can share?
That's a much better zoom than the
stupid PowerPoint technology. Why did I
not do that? Here I will do it just for
you guys. Again, steering wheel is very
important.
To throttle means to accelerate not
stop. Is that true?
No, I don't think so.
No. physical strangulation. To throttle
someone means to grip their throat to
stop them from breathing.
And in computing, throttling refers to
the intentional slowing down of a
digital process. Mechanical engine use
verb to throttle down. Well, to throttle
down means to reduce to throttle to
press the gas pedal or open the wall to
increase power. So in physical strength
if you kill people it means throttling
the throat. In technology it means
slowing down
a network service.
In mechanical use to throttle means to
press the gas pedal or to throttle down
means to reduce speed. So I'm right
twice and you're right once. So I win
two to three.
Okay.
Uh Kim B says, "Service centers needs to
be up and running before scales, but
this will never be a problem. You can
have service centers up in absolutely no
time." I do not think that is in any way
a constraint.
Okay, I have this one one last one last
scaling exercise here just for fun
because we want to make this decision
now in this session. So you can debunk
everyone on X. We want to have the final
determination
if there are steering wheels in there or
not. I have a better zoom now. Look at
this. Which one do we take? One in
front. Like look at these.
Look at these.
Okay. Maximum scale. There is no
steering wheel.
No steering wheel.
Final proof.
No steering wheel. Here's just cloud
cloud mirroring on the ones on the right
here. That's why it looks like it.
So there you have it. These are all real
ones with no steering wheel.
Okay, now we wrap it up. I will just
give you a quick take on the whole
situation on AI. I think it's very
important to comment on this because
I want to make
&gt;&gt; reasoning capabilities are limited. They
might be incredibly effective as an
agent
&gt;&gt; because it actually
&gt;&gt; when you look
&gt;&gt; corresponds to two different technical
approaches behind the scenes. What is
happening here with this release
of Kimmy K3? This is a very very big
deal. Here's Opus 4.8 and here's Kimmy
K3. They coded a game or whatever as
seen. Look at the difference.
Kimmy K3, a free open source model from
China is absolutely destroying OPOS and
it's even destroying precise in my view.
&gt;&gt; It's even destroying
Fable.
Here
it coded this thing. Look at this.
Crazy.
Here. Kimmy coded this little game for
$16 and Fable coded for $37.
This is how they compare.
I think Fable is a little nicer, but not
much.
I mean, hello. They they coded this. So
what is happening here? Why is this so
important?
I think this is actually a Sputnik
moment. And people have discussed this
before when Deep Sea came out, but this
time it's serious. Fable, this is
serious because Kimmy K3 is clearly
getting very close to these frontier
models. Okay, it's getting very very
close to the frontier models. Here's
Kevin Baker saying something. Kim K3
might be an important inflection point
for AI. Given Baker is very smart by the
way. Potentially negative for anthropic
OBI while being net positive for
essentially very other every other
company in the world. Yes. Yes. Yes.
Blah blah blah. He's basically saying
that we are now at the point of close to
AGI. These things are not AGI itself but
they deliver the components for AGI. Now
for the first time we have an
open-source model that everyone can use
for free in two weeks. they will release
the release the open weights. You can
put it on your Mac. You can put it on
your DJX Spark or whatever you have at
home and you can run this model and it's
basically a fable a near fable level
model significantly better than Opus 4.8
which was the absolute frontier just a
few months ago and now you get these
things for free. It is enormous what
that means because now we are at the
imminent point
of a real intelligence explosion on
earth.
Xi Jinping has al also announced by the
way that this becomes the Chinese
strategy. There's no way the US can
prevent them now from releasing these
weights which they might try. But
because Xiinping have said no, China has
a domination strategy and they will win
this as it looks like right now. China
will release these models. The entire
world will adopt Chinese models now.
Now, because if you have the choice
between Fable and this thing for free,
what are you gonna do? And we have Deep
Seek coming which is expected to beat
this potential here potentially in a few
weeks. And we have Qen uh that already
came out today or yesterday. It's a
little worse than this, but even
cheaper.
We are now at the inflection point where
really serious things are going to
happen. And China, I think, is at the
moment in time where they might get a
major victory here. And it's getting
very interesting because if their plan
is to swamp the world with free AI
models that are as good as the American
frontier models, they will rapidly
capture Europe, for example, because
Europe doesn't have its own models.
They're going to take Chinese models
because not because they like China more
than the Americans, but because Chinese
models can be owned by Europe. These are
openweight models. You totally control
that. You can run it on your own
computer. So
the fact that China is going all in now
at right at the moment where we have an
inflection point in total frontier
capability independent of US, China
everything just the fact that we have
Fable N3 and now Soul and soon Deep Seek
at that frontier level
where I can already sense when I use
these things they're not as good as
humans yet as the median human expert.
But now these models have all the
ingredients to significantly exceed
nearly all humans. I'm not talking about
the top 10% or top 5%. I'm talking about
the median human white collar worker. We
have now all the ingredients. From here
it's just a little dabbling little
harness here harness there to make it
happen. But the core models are now
absolutely capable of absolutely
dwarfing the median white collar worker
across all white collar jobs. All white
collar jobs. And that means 80% of jobs,
80 to 90% of white collar jobs of all
non-physical jobs in the world are now
at risk within an 18 months time frame.
I think much sooner, but 18 months
maximum on the current technology that's
not even stopping. And with technology,
I mean the models. What's missing are
the harnesses and the finetunings,
but they're easy peasy.
And the fact that right now China's
going all in with a new regulatory
agency they just set up with rapidly
improved approvement cycles. They
improve they're approving
new models now within a week. China the
Chinese government approves new models.
They have to approve them within a week.
Down from from 60 days. It was eight
weeks before. It was just a month ago.
Eight weeks. Now it's one week. So the
government is all in. I think they know
that is their their moment in time to
gain massive amounts of power in the
world. Soft power because these are open
source models. Soft power because they
can't really control them but they can
control what the models think. They have
their Chinese propaganda in there a
little bit and they create dependencies.
So I tell you guys, I know we are all
lost in Tesla and SpaceX and stock
markets, but these are civilization
shaping moments. And I'm not saying the
US has lost this. The US still has a leg
up in terms of technology, but this is a
very dangerous moment where China moves
ahead and they will see massive adoption
across the entire world, including
inside the United States. But definitely
Europe and the rest of the world will
embrace these Chinese models because
it's just economically better.
And now the ball is in the court of the
US. Of course, the US also now creates
better open source models. We know meta
does stuff. We know uh Mira Mirati like
the former Open AI uh woman uh what is
it called? Index. What is it called? I
already forgot her startup. But she's
doing good stuff and Nvidia is doing
open source. But these Chinese guys,
they're extremely good. And so we are
now on two aspects on a sputnik or
transformational moment. China is
charging ahead. I think maybe it's the
first maybe I'm the first who says that
here. But I tell you this is the moment.
This weekend is the moment where China
charges ahead in AI. They're not
catching up. They're charging ahead
because they will achieve massively more
adoption very soon.
And independent of that, all of the
frontier models have now reached that
critical mass where the cat is out of
the bag.
The cat is out of the bag. We are now
hitting the point of a total
intelligence explosion as of July 2026
because now Fable Saul Grock 4.5 and and
Grock by the way will totally also move
ahead. That's my prediction. By the end
of the year, Grock will be an absolutely
dominating system together with some
Chinese. Uh so intelligence explosion
plus a paradigm shift with China versus
United States and the US has to rethink
everything. The security approach, the
frontier labs have to rethink how they
actually handle this whole thing.
Who doesn't have to be worried is Nvidia
Micron and the hyperscalers because they
don't care. They just put in the Chinese
mods. They already have. We we already
use deepseek by the way with drought and
pioneer lens because it's just the best
for us.
in terms of cost and power and
everything. Now K3 we are testing it
right now. So we mostly use Grock. We
mostly use DeepSseek and a little bit of
Grock. That is the reality. If you build
complex AI systems which we do, we know
what's best and K3 is being tested as we
speak. And I'm very bullish on the Deep
Seek team. I think when they come up
with the next iteration, it's getting
very interesting. Personally, I use when
I don't use drought near I still use
Fable. I think it's still the best for
certain things and I use CHPT codeex. So
I use plot co-work
personally plus I use drought and
drought use so pioneer lens drought and
we use in our agentic system deepseek
the advantage of drought for me versus
claude co-workers dr is much more
embedded into the entire pioneer
operating system which allows us to be
on the web build websites all kinds of
stuff in real time connect to our
databases and
But it's very interesting what's
happening.
Okay, let's go here.
Proxy frostbite says the one that I can
see the most clearly. I see the dash in
the seat. No steering wheel. Exactly. I
think I think Poxy Frostbite these new
cyber caps have no steering wheel. The
cost of anthropic spend versus Kimmy.
Exactly. The races for AI hardware.
There's almost no more in software.
There are no real established AI
software brands. Well, it's an
interesting proxy. If you think in
stocks maybe but if you think in power
the frontier models are very important
like in in in political and uh
distribution power and stuff like that.
It's a tricky thing but yeah I mean and
hardware people especially Tesla fans
sometimes overestimate what Tesla can
do. No one can compete with Micron
Technologies or with SKH Highix. Not
even Samsung. Samsung is totally behind.
So this HDM RAM, dudes, it's not easy.
It's like these crazy machines you need
for manufacturing, you know, the fabses.
Uh what's the name? You know, like uh
it's too late here. The Dutch people. So
no one can do certain things. No one can
produce this RAM.
And the Chinese are not getting there.
So I agree actually with proxy. The
hardware companies have enormous modes.
No one is going to compete with TSMC. No
one is going to compete really with
Nvidia and no one is going to compete
with the with the HTM RAM people which
is very good for them. Now Tesla can
produce a lot of inference chips but
that's a different story.
K3 shows a clear graph of usage. None of
the others do. Yes. And K3 just had to
throttle by the way. ago, not to use the
uh throttling thing again, but they just
had to scale it down,
by the way, because they had too much
demand. Uh
here, did I bookmark this? This little
joke, I didn't make the joke, but that's
the Google team and they heard about the
Gemini team and they heard about
we I got a video leak from the Gemini
team.
Right out of the Google office.
Give me three. Where's Gemini, by the
way? Where's Gemini?
Where's Gemini? Oops.
Here. David Saxs. This is concerning.
For the first time, a Chinese model
Kimmy K3 has taken number one on the
front end code arena. Number one. You
know what that means? You Claude Fable.
And people say, "Oh, it's just coding,
dude.
I mean there is no excuse anymore. Yeah,
this is a front end code arena. So what
about the back end blah dudes? Front end
is still coding.
Of course, Claude Fable is still better
in other things. But the fact that there
is a free model out there with no
constraints you can just put on your
MacBook now that's beating Claude Fable.
Just let that sink in. Just think about
it. Just think about that.
Ago, unfortunately, the western models
are subscription anything you want to
do. Charging to get into the cool Berlin
club, but drinks are very expensive.
Yes, Poxy Frost by Osho, you're correct.
Any of the connected AI software has so
sociopolitical value, but they aren't
the main character in the story.
Exactly. I I'm bullish on the SAS
stocks. I think Salesforce and Adobe,
they have tremendous modes in terms of
client networks and knowledge of the
clients and key account managers. They
just have to swap out their little
stupid software, but that's not a big
deal.
Joy of summer fruit. Hey, Super AI, help
us solve the low birth rate. Superai,
no. Of course, it's not going to help us
with that. By the way, I know how to
solve the birth rate problem. You just
find a hot girl and have babies with
her. That's what people have forgotten
to do.
&gt;&gt; I believe CL is essentially betting on
the fact that
&gt;&gt; it's not a complicated problem. I'm not
going to talk about babies today, but
it's not complicated.
&gt;&gt; It's not complicated. Also, it's an
evolutionary competitive game. Like the
idea that we need to make everyone have
babies is stupid in the first. It's just
evolution. If people become feminists,
they die out. And then the people who
are whatever believe something that
makes them have a lot of babies, they
will just win. I don't even understand
the problem. It's a stupid problem,
especially now with AI and robots. Like
we don't need the workers anymore.
So that's the situation.
What should we here end with this nice
thing? This is Q38. Looks like
This was released today. Here's Kimmy
K3. Hm. Look at this. Here's Claude
Fable and here's Claude Opus. And this
is like some arena in the sky
tournament.
That's what we're seeing here.
So that's the situation. I told you, you
heard it here first. The AI race is on.
It's a very big deal.
By the way, in Pioneer Lens, we are
making progress. I know I let everyone
wait for this. It's like an enormous
piece of progress. But I promise you
when we launch this, the little bit of
luck in July,
the relaunch of Pioneer Lens and the
Pioneer Academy will be mindboggling
because we solved the giant problem. We
have
we have now figured out the age of AGI.
I'm putting it into the master narrative
in the Pioneer Academy. There will be a
understand part of the world where I go
through the age of AGI. the AGI
economics and then we have a predict
piece where I predict the AI built out
human equivalency
when we actually hit real digital human
and labor replacement which will be in
2028 by the way at large scale maybe in
end of 2027
what will happen next where the real
bottleneck is that will surprise
everyone because it has to do with
humans
and what we can do about it I'm very
happy because we did insane amounts of
thinking and modeling on what AI
actually means for the economy and for
civilization. What actually are the real
bottlenecks that will be apparent in
2030 and will become serious even before
and what we can do about it and what the
effects will be of doing something about
it or not doing something about it. So
this will be a very very big thing. I'm
very happy about it. very happy. Took a
long time since what when was that? In
September last year I first had the idea
how to build this and it's took me a
little longer but it's going to be
amazing.
So this is going to come very soon and
can't come soon enough with this AI
stuff going on. I know we talk a lot
about stocks here Tesla's basics which
are connected to this whole story.
We talk about AI stocks but there are
much bigger things going on that will
also be much more important than even
stocks for all of us even for our money.
So it will be very important to
understand this situation. These are
unprecedented times. We always talk
about it but people still underestimate
the the enormous disruption that is
waiting for us in 2027. It's not even
waiting for us. start. It's happening as
we speak. But it will go so exponential
you have no idea. And this is not just
predictions for stocks. It is
predictions for jobs for rapid hard
transformation of the economy for all
the corporations
all over the place. And then
politically, of course, this is the time
to really get ahead of the game.
But I'm not even going to do too much
advertising here for Pioneer Lens
because we don't we are not even ready
on Pioneer Lens. We are rebuilding the
whole product UI so you people
understand better what we even do there.
Right now it's a little confusing. So
there will be a total revamp in July
with the new academy and the new content
and the new subscriptions and the new AI
system.
That's why I'm so distracted all the
time. So just wait for it. It's going to
be huge. Okay,
now last check on the chat. Do we have
any additional questions? And then we
are ready to go. In case someone wants
to catch the World Cup final, now I'm a
little bit like at peace again with the
World Cup after Fran France got kicked
out and England got kicked out. Now we
have Spain and Argentina. I'm fine with
other one. I don't even care. But it's
happening in three minutes. So let's
watch this.
Thank you so much everyone for tuning
in. I hope that was interesting. The
world is getting crazier by the day. My
recommendations always watch allin
podcast besides me of course and the
moonshot. The moonshot podcasts is
getting better. They had a very good one
now emergency podcast on this stuff. I
thought it was very good with Immad with
Dave and everyone. You know it was a
good podcast. So, it's time to really
stay on top of AI because things are
accelerating dramatically. Thank you so
much for tuning in. Thanks, Poxy.
Thanks, Ago 5. Thanks, Chris. Thanks
everyone. And see you very soon.