Channel:     electrified
Title:       Tesla: The Wait Is...Over? Fireworks Incoming ⚡️
URL:         https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nQlL9LNozTM
Published:   2026-07-01 23:26 UTC
Fetched:     2026-07-02 00:00 UTC

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

USA.
&gt;&gt; Welcome to Electrified. It's your host,
Dylan Lumis. Just a heads up, I do have
a family funeral service this week, so
this will likely be my last video for
this week. And today's episode will be
compressed, but I wanted to let you guys
know what's going on and go over a few
quick items. First, we have Tesla hiring
Gary Jiang, an Intel veteran who most
recently was responsible for installing
equipment and transferring Intel's
leading edge 18A tech process from a
development fab in Oregon to the
company's high volume fab in Arizona.
His final position at Intel was as
factory manager where he oversaw the
construction of the production facility,
the installation of the fab equipment,
factory startup, certification, prep for
high volume manufacturing, and the
transfer of that 18A tech from
development to high volume. And that's
exactly why so many people are excited
about this hire because remember he was
hired by Tesla. And as far as we know,
Tesla is only focusing on the R&amp;D fab.
So Tesla needs to establish that in a
way where they can go from that
smallcale testing to high volume
production which we're expecting to be
handled by SpaceX. Gary Xiang worked
closely with supply chain finance and
materials logistics for new factory
planning for output wafer cost yield and
profit and loss. He also managed the
billiondoll capital equipment and
startup of the fab. And we know the
Terraab is set to license Intel's 14A
process technology. So yes, Gary's one
of the best candidates to equip a fab
for an Intel manufacturing node. Just
know when you see Intel's 18A and 14A,
that roughly translates to 1.8 nanome
and 1.4 nanome. And the A in that label
stands for angstrom. And just know that
one angstrom is equivalent to.1 nanome.
So that's why they call it 18A. That's
equivalent to 1.8 nanome. And so far,
the word has been that Tesla has plans
to use Intel's nextG 14A or 1.4
nanometer tech. This 14A technology is
supposed to be state-of-the-art pushing
the frontier, but just know it is not
ready today. Elon has hinted that it
should be ready by the time the Terrafab
is actually ready for some level of
manufacturing. So, Tesla's expected to
license that technology from Intel. And
this will be a very deep partnership
between Intel and Tesla and ultimately
SpaceX. And as far as we know, Tesla is
the first customer for Intel's 14A. And
anytime we talk about Terrafab, we have
to remember the plan for now is for 20%
of that compute to be for Earth and
roughly 80% to be orbital. And arguably
most importantly for all of this is the
yields. How's Intel doing with the
yields for 18A? Because as of 2025, they
were having some challenges. For strong
profitability and max efficiency, these
companies want to get yields to 90 95%.
But oftent times once they start
low-level production, they'll be
anywhere from 30 to 40%. And right now,
the latest reporting is that Intel has
taken its yields of the 18A process up
to in the neighborhood of 80% as of June
this year. But 18A is scaling and
ramping to high volume production. a lot
of it happening here in Arizona. And
much of the progress with the new
technology from 18A will help the
learnings for 14A. And of course, the
reason I'm explaining all of this is
because the more progress Intel can make
before things really get moving with
Tesla's R&amp;D fab, the more that will
derisk Tesla's own investments. So,
right now, 80% is definitely
respectable, and a lot of progress has
been made over the last 6 to9 months.
But at this point, it's also still not
anywhere near bestin class. But just
know that's largely industry speculation
and piecing together breadcrumbs because
Intel is not sharing those figures
exactly. If you're still typing your
prompts, your texts, your emails, or
really anything for that matter, when it
comes to the frontier of all of this
stuff, respectfully, you're behind. And
that's why I'm such an adamant proponent
of the hottest voicetoext tool right
now, Whisper Flow, the sponsor of this
video. Maybe most importantly, it works
seamlessly across all apps and devices,
Gmail, your text messages, any LLM of
choice, notes, documents, anything you
can think of. And just like Tesla, watch
how smart this is. Hey, Ashley, there
are two. Um, no, wait. Um, actually,
there are like three things Whisper Flow
does really well. It's insanely fast.
It's incredibly accurate and it fixes
your mistakes. That's what they mean
when they say speak naturally and send
without fixing. And just like that,
automatically it fixes my mistakes. It
removes the ums and the likes and it
puts in a numbered list. And I can
almost guarantee this has happened to
many of you as well. You go to do a
built-in voice dictation, say with
Grock, you go on and talk, give all the
proper context for two or three minutes
only to hit enter and there's nothing
there. But with Whisper Flow, let's say
you forget to have your cursor in the
box where you want the text. I then
proceed to go on and give a long prompt.
But rather than losing all of that and
having to start over, Whisper Flow has a
clipboard that captures all of your
dictation. Then you just click Whisper
Flow and paste last transcript. So with
Whisper Flow, you will never lose
another prompt again. And Whisper Flow
really has been a gamecher when it comes
to emails for me. Here's an example.
Check out this time comparison for the
same email.
Typing took about a minute and 20
seconds. And now the same thing with
Whisper Flow. Hey Ashley. With Whisper
Flow it took 18 seconds. And you'll note
there's more relaxed formatting because
that's the setting I choose for my text.
So yes, you can customize the style of
the output to match your tone in
different apps. And I have found when it
comes to names and jargon, Whisper Flow
is light years ahead of any built-in
dictation. So, if you want to save
yourself time and become more efficient,
be sure to check out my links in the
description below for Whisper Flow and
use code electrified to get 1 month of
Whisper Flow for free. I'm sure most of
you have seen the video of Tesla's
engineering test of the first production
Cyber Cab in Austin. And I'll say
Tesla's done a great job of confusing
people because we've thought that we've
been seeing production versions, but
here they're saying this is the first
production cyber cab. From here, my
guess is Tesla will take at least 2
weeks to do testing just like this
before we could see any cyber cab
deployment. Today, Joe Tetmier said
Tesla's doing a lot of pickup and drop
off testing around the main factory,
simulating passenger activities likely
for the robo taxi service. Adon Guardo
captured this video of a cyber cab in
Austin with the decals and no wheel and
the supervisor on the passenger side.
And Joe also shared some images of the
cyber cab with a special wrap
celebrating USA's 250th celebration,
which yes, is the US semicentennial,
the 250th anniversary of the signing of
the Declaration of Independence. And
I've been saying now for months that at
some point this summer we should see at
least some level of fireworks when it
comes to the cyber cab and robo taxi
scaling. So far we haven't had it. But
what a better time to start than
sometime around the 4th of July
celebrating 250 years. So we'll see what
that announcement next Tuesday is. And
on Instagram this week we had the Coral
Gables fire personnel in Florida
participating in specialized training
with Tesla engineers. This, of course,
focused on Tesla's robo taxi platform,
and they said Tesla's robo taxi service
may potentially expand to the Miami area
in the future. Tesla is expected to
release its Q2 delivery numbers tomorrow
morning, Thursday. James Stevenson is up
at 482,000
expected. Troy Teslike 466,000.
The analyst consensus is all the way
down at 406,000.
And at the time of recording, Khi's
forecast is up at 468,000.
And just know Tesla's highest Q2
delivery number ever was Q2 2023 at
466,140.
Elon shared a photo saying walking the
Optimus production line in Fremont. And
I'm sure most of you have seen Herbert
and Jeff had the pleasure of
interviewing Lars. And we learned that
the Model SNX lines at Fremont are now
largely cleared out. And the first
manufacturing line for Optimus has
landed. Now landed does not mean
installed. It just means arrived in the
states. But Lars did say they've already
begun installing that and some level of
validation of these machines is
happening in Germany which we know as
Tesla automation which was formerly
Groman Engineering and if you're new
they focus on manufacturing automation.
So, Lars said Tesla's doing a lot of
that testing and automation validation
at the German facility and then Tesla's
taking those lines from there, shipping
it here to the States, and they can get
it powered on and hooked up and back
together in 2 or 3 days. And then from
there, it's only about a week to get it
proved out. And that's what they're
doing right now with the first line. And
he said they have about 40 more to go.
And the rest would be for things like
actuators and each limb and
subcomponents of the limbs, the torso,
the battery. So yes, this entire system
is very modular, which will make it
quick to get up, but there's also going
to be a lot of lines. Now, we don't know
how many of these lines Tesla can test
and validate and prove out at a time as
they receive them from Germany. But not
counting the shipping times, we're only
talking a week or two for Tesla to get
these lines up running and tested. But
having said that, given how many lines
they need to have up and running for all
of the different parts and components,
it's still looking like production won't
start until sometime into Q4. Dr. Jack
on X was saying he thinks Tesla
engineers realized they were further
ahead on production than they forecast
and that Lars in the interview said
Optimus was ahead of schedule. He was
speculating about a very impressive demo
of V3 and that Tesla would announce
production has already started on a
meaningful level. Don't be surprised if
the demo showcases many Optimi on stage.
But thankfully Elon dunked on this one
saying no. Optimus production will be
extremely slow at first as everything is
new. This is not like making a car. And
you guys know over the past few months I
have been much more bearish on Tesla
Optimus timelines than many others. So
yes, I think Tesla will start some level
of Optimize production this year. But
much like Tesla's launch for Robo Taxi
in Houston and Dallas, it was primarily
performative, at least to start. So even
if we get some very early test builds of
Optimus this year, we're not going to
see any type of scale this year. Some
people are saying 20,000, 50,000,
100,000 and they're all crazy. That is
not going to happen. And for me, one of
the other biggest takeaways was that the
Cyberc manufacturing line is already
around 90% automated. And if you've been
following along, we talked recently
about how the Cyber Cabs are already
doing some of that NVH testing
autonomously on their own. And now we
learned that that process has a name.
Tesla's calling it full selfhearing. So
the Cyber Cabs using the onboard
microphones can listen for any creeks or
rattles. And with a bit of training,
they can start to determine what exactly
is going wrong, what that noise is from,
and what needs to be fixed. And it
should come as no surprise, but we now
know factually Tesla is using AI and
some agents inside the company to make
sure that any changes at one part of the
company will be known and understood by
any relevant department. So, the
communication between the engineering
teams and supply chain and manufacturing
continues to become more tightly knit.
The accident happened this morning
around 7:30 on US50 near Traditions
Parkway in Dayton. According to
investigators, a semi-truck hit two
other vehicles, killing two and giving
one life-threatening injuries and was
flown by Carefly to a hospital. They say
the driver of the semi may have fallen
asleep. But this is a developing story,
so we'll keep you updated when we learn
more.
&gt;&gt; So, this really is a terrible story.
They said the Tesla Semi hit two
passenger vehicles that were stopped at
a highway intersection in western
Nevada. This was about 40 miles east of
Reno. The married couple that did not
survive was sitting at a light when the
semi hit their vehicle from behind. But
my question here is, if the Tesla
semi-driver really did fall asleep, why
didn't something like the automatic
emergency braking or any of the other
safety features actually engage here?
And who knows, if the driver's foot was
slammed on the accelerator, then that
would of course explain it. So, very,
very unfortunate. I'd imagine we'll hear
more about this one in the future. I'd
imagine Nitsa will have a look when it
comes to the driver monitoring system.
And some of you will remember this is
one of my biggest fears about being on
the highway if you come up to stopped
traffic having to worry about a giant
vehicle like a semi coming up behind you
if it's not paying attention. And guys,
I know many people are sick of waiting.
They're sick of hearing promises from
Tesla. And based on expectations and
from a profitability standpoint, it
really has been a down few years for
Tesla. But when you overhaul the entire
company for new industries as the
technology unlocks them, sadly that
outcome should be somewhat expected. But
Tesla shared this image as a hope for
the future and said, "We've gone from
one electric sports car to over 9
million vehicles on the road. The Model
Y became the bestselling car of any kind
only 3 years after first deliveries. And
Tesla has built the largest and most
reliable fast charging network with over
80,000 superchargers globally. Tesla has
over a million power walls installed and
70 plus gawatt hours of industrial
energy storage operating globally across
2200 projects. And if you take some time
to really internalize this image and
envision it as our future, it will take
another decade plus, but the time is
going to pass anyway. And if this was
your first electrified video, just know
this was not a typical episode. Just
candidly, I'm not my normal self today.
A bit preoccupied with personal things
going on. But again, I wanted to give
you guys a quick update and share what's
going on and just let you know that I
should be back to normal hopefully early
next week. Tesla stock closed the day at
$425.30,
up 1.12%. And SpaceX gave back most of
the gains from yesterday, closing the
day at $157.54,
down 7.8%. This while the NDX was down
1.54%.
So, yet another strong outperformance by
Tesla stock just ahead of Q2 deliveries.
Don't forget, check out Whisper Flow
linked below. I'm just warning you once
you try it, there will be no going back.
Hope you all have a safe and wonderful
holiday weekend and a huge thank you to
all of my Patreon supporters.