Channel:     investingagainstthegrain
Title:       Should Everyone Trade Options? How To Trade Through Black Swans? Are We In A Bubble?
URL:         https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=j8OaG2w4bDA
Published:   2026-08-14 13:51 UTC
Fetched:     2026-08-14 14:00 UTC

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

What's [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] and what's real right
now in your opinion?
&gt;&gt; You can only take advantage of something
if somebody allowed it to be taken
advantage of. No reason why it couldn't
be 400x in leverage. Greed is and it
takes down the smartest and the
brightest.
&gt;&gt; We've got a big CPI report coming out
tomorrow. This tension between AI
bubble, not AI bubble.
&gt;&gt; I don't care about the VIX. The VIX is a
dumb number for me. Do you think that
eventually all these agents, these bots,
whatever people are going to build,
there's going to be no need for a Tony,
a Tom, a Nick, a Scott. Do you see that
happening?
&gt;&gt; The world will always need characters,
but I think that
&gt;&gt; you're crazy,
&gt;&gt; Mr. Tony the Bat Batista, thanks again
for uh joining once again, friend of the
pod. How are you doing?
&gt;&gt; Hey, listen. Anything AC across the
grain, against the grain is good for me.
&gt;&gt; I love that. Yeah, I uh you know, I I've
been I'm going to fanboy a little bit
here. So, I obviously I love all you
guys. Uh you for some reason are the
person that just I I resonate more with
with. I feel like we're cut from the
same cloth. So, nothing against Tony or
Scott or any of the guys, but You know,
I I have to ask you first of all,
&gt;&gt; did it feel good to be reunited with the
old dogs?
&gt;&gt; Yeah, 100%. I mean, uh it's good to be
creative again. It's fun to be with, you
know, family, you know, more than just
friends. Uh yeah, it's it's really
exciting. I mean, it was it was a great
year when Tom was gone, you know, being
the head of it with my son. Uh and
you're talking about Tasty Live. Um, I
thought my my son and I would go on for
a couple more years and they would find
somebody to replace me. Um, and then,
you know, how great is it, you know, I'm
a floor trader. I become a screen
trader. My son takes it over. I teach
him how to trade on, you know, where do
I start, you know, from like a young
little buck um, you know, looking at
crypto coins and [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] like that and
make him into a real kind of equity
trader and, you know, he takes the
company to to new heights. But um that
wasn't in the cards.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Well Well uh if if uh I don't know
if you want to talk about or not, but
Nick up to
&gt;&gt; Well, what's Nick up to? What's what's
what's he uh got going on?
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Yeah. He's uh he's formed a little
partnership with uh with a little small
group called Rob and Maria. They do zero
day trades. You might see them on uh
YouTube. They got some good things
coming, I believe. Uh I don't mean I
don't want to spill his beans, but
they've got uh they got some good things
in in the works. Uh he's a partnership
there with them. They formed a new
partnership. Um, I think they're going
to take that company, uh, you know, to
good places. I invested in it, so we'll
see how it goes.
&gt;&gt; All right. Well, that means there's good
money there. Uh, yeah. Uh, tell Nick to
send me a DM because I I I teach a lot
of people how I do zero days, and it's
one of the more popular. I mean, I
pretty much do a zero day trade every
single day on SPX. So, I would love
&gt;&gt; They're all They're all I mean, step on
you, Nick. They're all automated, uh,
from from what I understand. and they do
um they they do a couple of hundred
couple hundred trades a day. So
&gt;&gt; they're they're pretty engaged. They're
they're they're they're invested in it.
They're going to try to make a go at it.
&gt;&gt; Okay. No, that that's awesome. Yeah.
Yeah. I would love to turn people over
to to what they're doing and just, you
know, kind of share the love. I I always
tell everybody it's not a fixed pie, you
know, it's a ever growing
&gt;&gt; pie. No, THAT'S SUCH A GREAT COMMENT,
NICK, because everybody thinks like, you
know, if you make money, it's a finite
amount. like you know there's a million
dollars today to give out in zero day
and if Nick makes 750,000 there's only
250,000 for the rest of us. Isn't that
how it works?
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Yeah. No 100%. So So just real
quick since we're talking about that
already, you know, when it was very I
say it was very disruptive when Tom left
Tasty Live. It was like ah okay like you
know it is what it is. But I think it
struck a chord for everyone. Obviously
with recently with Dr. Jim, I actually
sent him a note the other day. He uh I
don't know if you remember this, but he
&gt;&gt; we're friends. He lives like a couple
blocks away from me.
&gt;&gt; Um but
&gt;&gt; when you and Nick left, I think that
kind of struck a chord for a lot left.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; When you guys were booted out to the
side, but so I think a lot of people are
wondering and and I think it's a fair
question. Are you guys still eating your
own dog food over there? Like do you
guys still use Tasty Trade? Um, yeah, my
money is still with Tasty Trade. Um, I
trade on the Tasty Trade platform. Um, I
I look at the Think or Swim platform.
Um, I don't trade on it as much as I
used to. Um, I still have some money
there. Inconsequential
uh amount. You know, sometimes platforms
go down. You like to have two platforms
kind of thing. At least I do. Um, no,
but all my money or not all my money, my
money, any money I had prior to being uh
asked, well, I wasn't asked to leave
before they shut off my email uh is
still there. I haven't pulled anything
or done anything. And I can say Tom is
the is the same way. I mean, it's a
sound company. Um, financially,
um, I'm no longer much of a shareholder.
I I sold all of my, uh, stock a couple
weeks ago when they let me go out of
spite. It worked out good because the
stock went down 35% after I left. When
Tom left the company, uh, the symbol is
ig.l.
Um, when I, when Tom left the company,
the stock went up 40%. When Tom, when
Tom left the company, the stock went up
40%. When I left the company, the stock
and Nick, the stock went down 35%. So,
I, you know, numbers speak volume. Uh,
that's what, that's what I think. So, I
have a small amount of stock left. I'm a
shareholder in the company. Minscule.
Um, I think it's a good company. Money's
solid and sound there. I don't want
anything like that. Um I I'll I'll make
this very simple for you. Um they bought
our company, you know, four or five
years ago. They kept it pretty much
intact on our side, at least on the
Tasty Live side, um forever. And the
last six months or so, they've just
dismantled it and, you know, they want
to go in a different direction, I guess.
I mean, it's their company. They own it.
Um they could do what they want with it.
Um so I wasn't a fit for them. Nick
wasn't a fit for them. And I think about
40 other people at that time weren't a
fit for them. You know, it's their
business. They can run it as stupidly as
they want. I mean, you know, that's
that's their business. They bought it.
They paid for it. So, I have no problem
with it. The problem I had with them was
how they did it. You know, like like,
you know, what am I going to do? You
know, it's been 15 years. Let me say
goodbye to my audience. Let me send an
email to my team. Like, that kind of
thing would have would have been nice.
But,
&gt;&gt; you know, they decided that that wasn't
the route there. I think they learned
that lesson. I was about to say it
seemed like they learned.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, it seemed like they learned. So
maybe they're not as uh
&gt;&gt; maybe they're more intelligent than I
give them credit for because um they uh
they they let Dr. Jim and Liz, although
Liz sounded like looks like she was
reading a script. I don't know if she
was or not, but it looked like she was
reading the script, but Dr. Jim look
like he was speaking from the heart. He
gave the bats a good shout out, which
was uh which was nice in his in his
parting words. So maybe they learned
their lesson. Maybe they're sorry
they've never said it to me. would be
nice, but is what it is.
&gt;&gt; Well, I mean I you know I you guys built
an absolutely amazing platform like I
still tell everybody you know I get
asked all the time like you know what
platform should I use? You know I have
Schwab or I doing Fidelity and I tell
everyone the same thing like in my
opinion I like to use the best tool for
whatever I'm doing. I don't like the
tool to be a friction in the process.
Trading can be hard enough as it is. The
market already gives us enough
challenges.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; I don't need any more friction. To me,
Tasty Trade is the most intuitive
platform bar. And I've now experienced
everything from small firms like Well,
Simple out of Canada you probably never
heard of, to Mumu, Robin Hood,
Interactive Brokers, which has like
three different flavors at this point.
Uh you got Schwab plus toss or Thinker
Swim. Fidel is awful. I mean, on and on.
And it's just like it's not even close
like what you guys did. and the little
features you add along the way, the how
intuitive everything is just it just
makes so much sense. It's it's kind of
crazy that there is no in my opinion
clear number two even I know you know
you guys thinkers and all that it's not
even
&gt;&gt; I mean that was 25 years ago I mean you
know my lifetime
&gt;&gt; exactly
&gt;&gt; I mean hey most of that credit has to go
to Scott and Tom um you know I was an
instrumental part of that but you know
Tom made all the decisions he listened
to everybody which was great Scott made
all those decisions he listened to
everybody which was phenomenal but
ultimately the course and how we went
was the two of them. So, kudos to them
and all the guys on the trade desk who
were there and and you know the customer
service that you know some of the old
guard which
&gt;&gt; unfortunately are going by the wayside
but you know big business was but I got
a sneaky suspicion and Nick the first
time I've said it publicly I got a
sneaky suspicion in Q1 of 2027
you're gonna have some decisions to make
and maybe you know another uh another
player in the forum. So, I'll keep it
right there.
&gt;&gt; All right. All right. Well, we'll
&gt;&gt; charm, man.
&gt;&gt; All right. All right. All right. You
know, I kind of had my suspicions. I
kind of suspicions, but
&gt;&gt; it's good. Yeah. Maybe we get some money
markets in there. I don't know. Who
knows?
&gt;&gt; Walk like a duck, quacks like a duck.
It's probably a duck. This is what we
do, man. You know, we build businesses
and we're a onetrick pony. So, um
&gt;&gt; Okay.
&gt;&gt; Maybe one more time around the the
carousel.
&gt;&gt; All right. Well, I'll get the AAT going.
&gt;&gt; All right, good. Love to see you.
&gt;&gt; All right, cool. Well, so just to so
everyone kind of like we had we did an
episode
uh man, maybe nine months ago, maybe a
year ago by this point
&gt;&gt; and so thanks again for coming back. But
just if anyone does know who Tony is,
you're living under a rock in my
opinion. But especially if if you know
me through trading, you you guys know I
talk about Tony and Tom non-stop and
things they say and where they're wrong
and when they're right. Mainly Tom
wrong, Tony right, you know. It's got my
biases. Uh especially recently, you've
been calling, you've been talking about
this meltup and they've been pushing
back and they've been wrong, you know.
So, you know, give a man his flowers.
But but Tony was a or you you help me if
I'm going to butcher this, but you were
a market maker uh in the SIBO on the
floor there back in the day. And then
you also traded your own uh money uh
against uh bond futures. Is that right?
&gt;&gt; I always traded my own money. I've never
traded anybody else's money. That's a
that's a little bit of a fib. For six
months, I tried to do a little bit of a
partnership with a group up out in
California. Didn't work. I gave them the
money back. We broke even after taking a
little bit of heat. To be honest with
you, it was not a profitable uh endeavor
from the very beginning. It was actually
a loss at the very beginning. We got
back to even and I I couldn't deal with
the pressure of having somebody else's
money to perform. It just wasn't in my
nature at that young age. So, for me, um
yeah, I've been a market maker since
1983, only traded my own money. You
know, I started with $5,000. Sounds like
a little bit of money and it was, but
you know, you could you could be under
capitalized back then and still be able
to compete with the bigger dogs. That
changed 101 15 years later. You you
know, if you didn't have seven figures,
you were under capitalized. So, the game
changed. But at that moment, remember
options started I think in 73 and I
think puts didn't come out until 78 or
79. They only had calls for the first
couple years. So, I started in ' 83. It
really was in its infancy.
&gt;&gt; Oh wow. I didn't realize that. I didn't
realize that. Wow. Okay.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Just calls. Just calls was the was
the beginning. And then I think a few
years later, you can Google search it. I
haven't Google searched in a long time.
I think about five years later, maybe 78
or something like that. 79. Um they
started with puts.
&gt;&gt; Okay. Gotcha.
&gt;&gt; Crazy, right?
&gt;&gt; Yeah. No. Yeah. That's Yeah. Like I knew
that I mean I always tell everybody when
like you know I'm first introducing them
to options for the first time I tell
them like this is new relatively it's
new like people always wonder like well
why don't they teach this in schools uh
you know I was teaching someone recently
or I was teaching a group of people
recently and there was someone from
Goldman Sachs there who he learned
through Goldman
kind of academy program and he was
joining me just to get a refresher and I
asked him like hey man like like I don't
know you from anyone like we're meeting
it for the first time like where where
did you learn this? Like did you take a
master in finance or in your undergrad
or anything? He's like oh no like they
we never learned about any of this until
I got to Goldman and then they put us
through their course and I'm here just
to get a refresher on us because it's
been about 10 years. I was like perfect
example like
&gt;&gt; it's not in the curriculums right now. I
mean, maybe you get like a a semester or
a month or they talk a little bit about
and it's just kind of here's profit
loss, but but so it's uh it's definitely
interesting to to learn about the
history and kind of be part of it. I
mean, seeing zero days coming, you know,
now we're seeing these uh you know, kind
of zero days on equities rather than
just on the indexes. And obviously you
guys have you know, we talked about that
last time. You guys have a lot of uh uh
you know, we have a lot of thanks for
all you guys for putting the effort into
that as well.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; But so so I just want to let everyone
know like who you are just in case
they're they're new. And guys, go watch
the other episode because Tony gives us
his whole story how he just drove out to
Chicago in his car. It just awesome
story. Um but right now you've been
&gt;&gt; we don't need we don't need we don't
need basic almost 45 year old history.
We we we want to talk about the here and
now, right?
&gt;&gt; Yeah. I don't know. I I'm uh I always
tell everybody like when I teach them I
I I like to tell them like you need to
know like why we're doing what we're
doing, not just do this because like you
got to know why you're doing it so you
actually
&gt;&gt; have intentionality behind your
decisions. Not just monkey see monkey
do. So yes,
&gt;&gt; makes sense.
&gt;&gt; People shouldn't just trust that Tony is
someone like I want them to go hear from
you. Like why? What story? What's your
story? What's your background? But
anyways, here and now.
&gt;&gt; Yep.
&gt;&gt; Lost dog. You, Tony, Scott. I love the
trio. I love
&gt;&gt; Tom. Tony. Me. Tom. Yes. And Scott.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. You, Tom, and Scott. What did I
say?
&gt;&gt; You said Tony. It's okay.
&gt;&gt; Tony. Sorry.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. No worries.
&gt;&gt; Yep.
&gt;&gt; Tom, Tony, Scott. Yes. You guys are
doing this beautiful,
you know, uh, ring around the rosy kind
of chair situation thing once uh, or one
hour every day of the week except
Fridays. Love it. 90 minutes. Excuse me.
Not one hour. 90 minutes. Look at that.
Correct on the fly.
&gt;&gt; Okay. We used to be an hour. Now it's 90
minutes. It'll eventually be all day at
some point. Do you know how it goes?
&gt;&gt; It it it's fantastic. It's, you know,
nothing against the previous shows. I I
feel like this what you guys are doing
now is just way more I don't know we're
getting into the meat and potatoes of
things like we're actually talking about
real time you know disagreements between
you guys
&gt;&gt; actionable stuff is what we've always
tried to talk about you know it's fun
you know it's wonderful to hear somebody
talk about their accolades but it
doesn't help the audience any you know
what I mean so we try to talk about real
time stuff and we talk about you know
real time current events too not just
political [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] but real time current
events that we can benefit from. You
know, we talked a little bit today um
about, you know, about Citadel and we
talked about how, you know, it's so
funny because they're they're they're
the GOAT. I mean, you know, they're
they're they're amazing. Whatever you
want to say about them, they're amazing.
Ken Griffin is amazing. Um they never
decide what direction the market's going
in, but they look at things for
opportunity. like this last thing with
Leopold. I mean, when they took over
that fund, it's not the first time
they've done it. I mean, I think they've
done it four or five times. You know,
they put it out there and they put it
out there not on direction of market,
but on opportunity. And that's what we
should all be looking for, whatever the
opportunity is. Now, you might need the
market to cooperate in this direction,
but there's an opportunity there.
There's leverage that could be used.
There's there's size that could be done.
Small, large, but you have to look at it
as an opportunity. A lot of people don't
look it as an opportunity.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; With this whole Citadel thing and Ken
Griffin, there was
&gt;&gt; there are a lot of people saying that
Ken Griffin might have
&gt;&gt; asked or or put a little fuel on the
fire.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. What are your thoughts on that? Is
that is that does that happen more
often? you think?
&gt;&gt; Sure. But you can only take advantage of
something if somebody allowed it to be
taken advantage of.
&gt;&gt; So So Leopold just leveraged too much.
If he was instead of let's just say for
argument sakes he was 40x in leverage.
If he was 20x in leverage, it can't
happen. If he was 10x in leverage, it
can't happen. And there's no reason why
you couldn't be 400x in leverage for six
months a year and pair it down at market
all-time highs. You know, greed is a is
a is a [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] I mean, you know,
it it takes down the best of people and
it takes down the smartest and the
brightest, those who don't let greed get
in the way. You know, there was a movie,
you're too young for it, you know, Wall
Street, you know,
&gt;&gt; green is right.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. I mean, you know, too much greed
is is a killer. I MEAN, GO BACK to um
what was that Nack Gas company um uh
traders, I forgot the net gas went from
$2,3 where it is now up to 178, $19, you
know, they just had too much leverage.
And they were right because it
eventually went down to $2, three
dollars, but they couldn't hold on. They
had it bust out basically near the
highs.
&gt;&gt; Long-term capital maybe it was called. I
can't remember right now. Yeah, it's
funny you say that because, you know, as
that happened, um, with a lot of the
people that I work with, I I was talking
to them about you got to make sure you
understand your buying power. You have
to understand, you understand your
buying power usage and just kind of
reinforcing these basic principles that
I think when the markets are going well
and everything's running, everyone feels
like a genius, you kind of take them for
granted. And it was one of those moments
where it's like, "All right, let's all
get grounded here, get humbled, get back
to basics. Are we getting a little high
in our buying power usage? Are we, you
know,
&gt;&gt; we call it pump, you know, sometimes you
got to pump the brakes." And in old cars
back in the day before they had the ABS
brakes that kind of do it for you, for
you automatically. You had to pump the
brakes a little bit when you were
skidding. You know what I mean? To get
the car to stop. And that's what we say.
You got to pump the brakes a little bit.
Sometimes I just take a little bit of a
step back just to assess a little bit.
Maybe a little too close to fire.
&gt;&gt; So So what's your take right now with
this market? You you've been talking
with with uh the guys about this
&gt;&gt; upward melting market, right?
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; And we're now at all-time highs. We've
got a big CPI report coming out
tomorrow. We've got IVR getting crushed
seemingly almost waiting to to think
about like what is going to happen
tomorrow.
uh we have everything happened with
Liupold. You've got this tension between
AI bubble, not AI bubble. Meanwhile, all
these companies have very low forward PE
multiples, record earnings. I mean, you
have seen
multiple lifetimes of markets. What's
[&nbsp;__&nbsp;] and what's real right now in
your opinion knowing that we don't know
anything, but have you had to put your
finger in the air?
Yeah, I'm not a macro trader, but I mean
I'm I'm I'm not um I'm not oblivious to,
you know, to what's going on. I think
you have to have that wind
knowledge to where the wind is going,
whether it's going south or or north. We
have an administration that love them,
hate them, I don't give a [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] one way
or the other. They're pro markets. And I
I if that's what we have and we have low
implied volatility. Now I will caution
you when volatility is low and I look at
forward/VX. I don't care about the VIX.
The VIX is a dumb number for me. It's a
it's a number that what they're thinking
the market's going to be volatility
going to be three weeks from today which
not three weeks from today but
expiration on the big monthly ones. It's
expirations three months from now.
There's no stock to VIX. So that number
can print anything it wants because
there nothing to keep it in line. If you
look at VIX options that correspond to
forward slashVX
futures the at the money options the
calls and puts which are you always know
the at the money option because the at
the money option is going to be
approximately the same price. If the
puts a$150 the call is going to be a
$150$160. That's how you know when an
option is at the money without ever
seeing the stock price. If there's no
dividend, that's an absolute. So, if you
go into VIX and you look at the option
chain, it might be trading, you know,
$14, but yet the at the money will be
the 16.5 or the 17 strike. That's
because the future is at 16.57.
So, I look at forvx for daily volatility
expansion and contraction. Forward/VX
right now over the last 90 days or so is
at historical lows. Now that is when you
do get market surprises upside and
downside when volatility is low. When
volatility is high you usually don't get
market surprises that are outside the
expected move because the market unlike
everything else does have price earnings
to it. There is a synthetic floor and
there is a synthetic ceiling to the
market because we can make some sort of
analogy on what something is worth by
its volatility. It's not just a meme
coin which is just pure supply and
demand. Here we have some sort of
parameters that can make it stay inside
an expected move. It can certainly go
outside the expected move by a standard
deviation two or three. Doesn't happen
often but it's going to happen. If it
didn't happen, then every option would
be priced absolute and there would be no
opportunity in the market. You have to
have outside expected moves to have
opportunity in the market. So you want
them from time to time. You just don't
want them when you have the opposite
position on. That's the key what we're
looking for here. So for me, you have a
very low implied volatility which is
typically a bullish indicator. You've
got administration that seems to be
quite bullish. the canary in the coal
mine. Two things I I think bonds more
than oil, but bonds and oil. Oil can
kind of give a little bit of disarray to
the market, although we've watched it
move down $10 and up $10 and have no
control over the market at all. I think
bonds are a little bit more here. And
I'm talking about the longer term bond
or interest rates. This 109 level is is
a pecurious uh level. 107, we're going
to get two rate hikes. uh 108 and
change, we're probably going to get one
rate hike. 110, which we were just at,
you know, two weeks ago, we probably
don't get any rate hike. So, the
market's going to tell the Fed what
they're going to do with interest rates.
You can also look at the Fed watch tool,
which is a good thing from the CME. Uh
gives you a good probability there. If
that Fed watch tool is over 65%,
a 100% of the time it's gone in that
direction. So if the Fed watch tool has
a quarter percent rate hike coming in
the next three months and it's over 65%
when the Fed meets it happens. If it's
under
&gt;&gt; it doesn't.
&gt;&gt; So So I think right now for for next
month it's 40.
&gt;&gt; I think for right now for next month
it's at 40%. Uh which will probably
change plus or minus depending on what
tomorrow happens. It it's like anything
else expiration everything comes to par
with options and you you need to be
closer to the decision time to make that
number more accurate.
&gt;&gt; Okay. And for everyone if you're
wondering about the for/vx if I set up
your watch list it's already at the top
right and I didn't come up with that. I
stole that from Tony. He's talked about
that before. So kudos.
&gt;&gt; It's such a great thing because it's
just showing you what the options are
pricing. Mo S&amp;P options are pricing. I
mean
&gt;&gt; I don't know what else to look at. So
you you mentioned bonds. Um do so do you
even care about inflation tomorrow? I
mean I know you guys don't follow too
much of any of these numbers or anything
but do you think that what the bond
market is like what's leading what does
the inflation print lead to the bond
market or the bond markets really what's
pivoting or pushing the Fed one way or
the other? Like what like what's the
chicken? What's the egg in this
equation? I'll I'll throw the question
at you for a minute in a different
scenario. Maybe I can't do a good job at
it, but I'll but I'll give you I'll give
you I'll give you a shot here. You know
what what's what leads the pricing of
your house? Is it the market that leads
the pricing of your house or is it
interest rates? Let me explain. If I'm
willing to pay $750,000 for your house
and I'm not willing to pay anymore and
nobody else is willing to pay anymore,
but interest rates are going lower. How
much is your house worth?
for $750,000. If interest rates are
going higher and I'm willing to pay
$750,000 for your house, what's your
house worth? $750,000 because I'm the
best bid. You know, just in a very
simple term. It's the same thing with
the market. The market dictates what the
Fed is going to do. I'm sorry, that's
just the way I feel. We can have a great
discussion about it. I'm sure other
people can make other points about it
and look at this wording and look at
that wording. It's all [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] to me.
The market tells you what's going to
happen because it is a tradable market.
Now, there are always surprises. If you
didn't have surprises, you would have
the perfect market. There would be you'd
get a 5% return for the rest of your
life, and there would be no other
opportunity. It's all about opportunity.
&gt;&gt; So, so, and I I couldn't agree more. I I
I always tell everybody like, you don't
need to guess what the Fed's going to
do. Just look what the bond market's
told you for the last five years. It's
been right every single time.
&gt;&gt; Right.
&gt;&gt; Do do you have an opinion then? Like
should is there is there utility in the
Fed then?
&gt;&gt; Yeah, I I so I've been through the 87
crash and I've been through a couple of
the flash crashes and um now you're too
young for the 87 crash. I know you
remember I know you remember the movie
the Wall Street, but you're too young
for the 87 crash. I mean, you know, I
had money in a bank. uh uh Continental
Bank, which was right across the street
from the the CBOE where most traders had
their money in and it was insolvent. And
I I didn't want a check because you
could wipe your ass with a check, you
know? I wanted cash. And I sat there all
night. I believe it was almost 10:00 at
night and they closed at 6 demanding
cash and I never got it. You know, I got
a cashier's check which I thought was
going to be worthless anyway because
nobody was going to honor any of this
paper that everybody had. So, you know,
the Fed is good when you have those
situations.
So, like you need daddy to to say, "I'm
here and I'm not going to default and
we're going to make it good and we're
going to do whatever." It might be
painful or whatever and but not we're
we're not Japan. We're not Costa Rica or
we're not, you know, Venezuela. Um,
we're America and it's going to be rock
solid. You might pay more of an interest
rate, but it's going to be rock solid.
You are going to get your principle
back. And that's really all that a bond
holder cares about. And that's why even
with stocks, bond holders get paid first
before shareholders. Bond holders want a
yield, but they want a guarantee that
their money's coming back. That's what a
bond is.
Okay. Yeah, that's actually a great
answer. Yeah. So, we want to keep
&gt;&gt; holders are looking for, you know, for
upside.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Yeah. So, so the Fed, to your
point, is still necessary to make sure
&gt;&gt; we keep moving.
&gt;&gt; I'm 65 years old, man. I think I'm
&gt;&gt; No, but but it makes sense.
&gt;&gt; 64. Sorry. I'm 64 years old. I said my
birthday was in July. I'm 64 years old,
man. You know, I'm I'm a little bit old
school. My I have a 16-year-old son and
he just texted me a minute ago. He he
invested $100 in a memecoin from some
Reddit thing group that he found. He
made 70 bucks on it. He and he's, you
know, freaking ecstatic. I have for the
last 10 years told him if he gave me
$100, I'll match his $100 and put it in
a trading account. And he does it from
time to time. I guarantee him a double
his money. But he's happy he made 70
bucks on a $100, less than double his
money because he did it and he found it
and he got the rush from it. You know,
there's something to be said for that.
&gt;&gt; No, 100%. I mean, doing your own work
rather than just be I mean,
&gt;&gt; well, I want him to invest the money
that I that I give. I'm just the money
right away is a way to get them involved
and not invest in the in the what does
he call it? The rugpull of uh of the of
these uh these coins.
Yeah, that's funny. Um, okay. But yeah,
so so I I 100% agree with you though. It
without the Fed potentially backstopping
things or pumping to keep the repo
markets alive, right? Like there could
be real real issues.
&gt;&gt; But look at how look at how much money
is now going to private on the private
side.
&gt;&gt; Oh, that's right where I'm going.
&gt;&gt; Okay, go ahead.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. No, that that's right where I'm
going because uh you know, well, before
we get to that, actually, you brought up
87 and you're right. I did not live
through 87. I wasn't alive yet. I was
almost alive. Uh but I've definitely I
don't want to say study is the right
word, but I've read a lot about it and
I've heard actually you and you and uh
you and Tom talk about it and you know,
a lot of things came out of that, right?
Like I I believe like they kind of
changed the way things were priced. Uh
breakers came into play like all kinds.
&gt;&gt; Put skew.
&gt;&gt; Put skew. Yeah, exactly. That's
something is skew. Yeah, exactly.
&gt;&gt; Skew. We never had skew before that. If
a stock was 100, the 90 put and the 110
call was the same price.
&gt;&gt; Exactly. 100%. Yes. Exactly. Um so
with trading the way you do it today,
right? So you've been trading since
then. So, you've lived through the dot
bubble, you've lived through '08, you've
lived through um you know, several
different rate hike cycles. Obviously,
2022, you know, 2018,
&gt;&gt; 18% interest rates. Yeah.
&gt;&gt; So, what
&gt;&gt; 0% interest rates,
&gt;&gt; good times.
&gt;&gt; I had to pay somebody to take my money
to hold it in a bank. I've lived through
it all. So when you're trading the way
you trade today, okay, so take talking
moreh current. You know, I always tell
people when times are good is when I
like to plan for the bad times and to
think through the bad times and kind of
game plan. Like I don't want to be
thinking about where's the fire
extinguisher when the house is on fire.
I don't want to be thinking about like,
hey, does my kid know to feel the door
handle with the back of his hand before
just burning his hand? You know, things
like that.
How do you call it a black swan, call it
whatever you want, but how do you
properly prepare or defend or what type
of tactics or strategies do you use when
shit's hitting the fan?
&gt;&gt; Well, if you've made it this far through
the interview, I have another company
that's called Grow Your Pile um that I
do with Tony from Mexico, who's a great
friend of mine. Uh we start a company
trying to help people out. Uh you can
sign up for free. There's a paid service
for it, too. But we have a black swan
hedge in there that we look at. We've
gone through the numbers. Uh it could be
as simple as taking a percentage of your
theta decay that you have and investing
in and buying shorter term puts in a lot
of the indexes which you because now we
have zero day, one day, five day, 7day
options. It could be easy as that. It
let me put to you this way. There's no
way to hedge a full position. If you
have a bullish position, 30 40% of your
of your portfolio and you take one, two,
3% of your portfolio and you have hedges
on, you're just going to lose less.
You're not going to make money on the
hedge. If you make money on the hedge,
you overinvested in the hedge. You were
actually short delta and you benefited
from the down move. And there's nothing
wrong with that. people, most people who
are leaning long as public, there
there's no good hedge. Now, you
mentioned and I mentioned volatility at
all-time lows, relatively low. There's
no reason why you can't do a forward
covered call. The only reason you
wouldn't, and I'll explain to you what
it is in one second, is it's very
capital intensive. So, you buy forward,
if you buy the uh if you buy the micro,
it's 100 uh shares. If you buy the mini,
it's a thousand shares of of forward
slashvx, the equivalent of a thousand
shares. You'd have to do 10 naked VIX
options. If you did the micro, you would
do one naked uh you would do one VIX
call option. So, you're buying the uh
future and you're selling in the same
month that the future expires, you're
selling an out-of-the money call at the
money call in forx. I have those that
position on. I just put on yesterday uh
yesterday. today. I believe it's today's
Tuesday. I put it on on Monday of this
week as like a small time hedge. Now, if
the market goes higher, I lose money on
that position.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; The market goes lower, I I I get a
little retrieve for a day or two, but
ultimately if we have a six, seven,
eight, 10% draw down, you know, I lose
money on the rest of my bullish
positions.
&gt;&gt; Gotcha. Yeah. the you know you actually
again I seriously I'm going to sound
like I'm fanboying here but and I think
it was you maybe it was Tom so may maybe
I'll sound it was him
&gt;&gt; um I think it was last week someone on
Lost Dog asked you guys a question and
I've been repeating this to to people
because I just thought it was such a
good analogy that if you're going to if
if you want to trade but you're going to
be constantly scared of the monsters
under the bed then don't trade and
I thought that was a great analogy for
for black swans. Like
&gt;&gt; yes,
&gt;&gt; they're black swans for a reason. We
can't quite see them,
&gt;&gt; but
&gt;&gt; I like to look at the market. And the
analogy I use with people is there's two
different types of events. You got one
that's a tornado and that's a black
song. It hits. What are you going to do?
It just happens. You live through it.
You figure it out as you're going
through it. But then there's a
hurricane.
&gt;&gt; The hurricane, you see it coming. you
can board your house up, escape, get
everything off the ground, like you can
plan for it. And so to me, it's like
there's two different types of events.
And the black swans, the tornadoes, they
don't happen frequently enough to, in my
opinion, constantly sit there and be
paranoid about them. And I think the
best way is to trade actively, make good
decisions, get profits so that when they
happen,
&gt;&gt; keeping your size relative to your
account. Yes.
&gt;&gt; We'll say trade small, trade often. I
mean that's that's a little bit of a
copout because what's small what's often
you know one investor's floor is another
investor's ceiling but if you're not
leveraged you you're small enough in my
point if you're not 100% in your in you
know all in now listen when I had a
$5,000 account I was all in every day
and I was taking a 100x leverage every
day but but the market allowed it
because there were no guidelines to it
that you that you couldn't and it was
kind of like you know I only had5 $5,000
to lose anyway. So, you know, why the
why the hell not? Today, the market's a
lot different. You got a lot more
parameters. You got circuit breakers,
which we didn't have back then. You have
a lot of other things. So, if you're
using in this market environment in a
relatively large account, let's call it
over $100,000. If you're using 25 and
then you're daily, if you want to use
100% of your account, go right ahead
because it's a daily trade. you know,
it's it's feast or famine and it's
expiration that day and you're all done
the next day. You don't have any black
swan event. You have intraday you risk
and if you're watching the market and
you jump in front of it all in both
feet, well, you get what you deserve
kind of thing. So, if you're trading 45,
90 days, that kind of thing, you're
using 30% 25 to 40% of your account. You
know, you're small enough in in in my
mind and you're quite invested.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. And you know, you and Scott were
talking today about diversification
and you know, when you guys talked about
it and then I think you piled on to it
about strategies. So when I think
diversification, when I talk to people
about it,
&gt;&gt; I talk about like don't just be an AMD,
Nvidia, Micron, you know, like spread it
out to different underlines, but also
diversification in your strategy. Don't
just sell puts, have calls on as well.
have strangles on, maybe some spreads,
maybe a a jade lizard, right? Strategy
diversification, I think, also helps
keep everything balanced rather than
just being a onetrick pony. Seems like
everyone sells puts like, oh, I'm a
genius, you know, an up market and then
all of a sudden I don't know how to sell
a call or I'm too scared to sell a call
because sure,
&gt;&gt; it's too risky, right? It's like, well,
is it
&gt;&gt; right? I agree. I agree.
&gt;&gt; So, okay. So, uh, yes. So, and I just I
thought it was a great segment. It was
funny because you guys were talking
about it and I was like, "What about
strategy?" And then there you guys come
in about strategy. I'm like, "Ah, there
we go. Of course they can talk about
that.
&gt;&gt; We get we got around to it eventually."
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Um, so, okay, so we were talking
about the debt markets. Okay. Especially
in the private credit markets.
&gt;&gt; Mhm.
&gt;&gt; Is there something there that causes you
any kind of concern? I mean, we see a
lot of these um credit default swap
spreads growing. We see obviously I mean
Google just went negative free cash
flow. SpaceX obviously sucked up a lot
of capital. Anthropics talk about going
public. Jensen yesterday round table
with Goldman Sachs, Black Rockck,
Blackstone talking about making data
centers and GPUs a you know assetbacked
class of a of investment.
I is this in your opinion kind of just a
natural part of a new evolution of the
economy and technology or is this a true
Michael Bur like you guys are getting
way over your heads here and this is
going to fall apart like
&gt;&gt; okay
&gt;&gt; I don't think it's the latter I think
it's the first part like you said it I I
think markets evolve
markets markets move. They certainly
change. Um I I just think this is and I
hate to say like because I'm because I'm
a firm believer, you know, there's
nothing new like you know like it's not
different this time.
But you can have like like when they
said zero day options were going to
create huge amount of volatility in the
market. They did nothing. But if you
want to equate that zero day options
came out and volatility went to all-time
lows and stayed lows and had never
perked up. If you want to say that those
two were synonymous with each other,
then it was completely the opposite of
what everybody thinks. And I think it's
kind of one of those stories today. I
don't know if it's going to be a big
tradable market like the rest of the
market, but it certainly seems like it
has it has legs and
I don't think it's a Michael Barry thing
at all. He's kind of schmuckucky to me
anyway, so I can't go back with him. So,
I apologize.
&gt;&gt; No, no,
&gt;&gt; it's my opinion. I mean, they're they're
like they're like armpits, you know? You
have there's usually two opinions. They
usually both stink, right? So, who
cares? heard that one.
&gt;&gt; Yeah,
&gt;&gt; that was a good one. Uh, all right. I'm
going to steal that one, too. I'm going
to steal all your lines here.
&gt;&gt; Go ahead. Go ahead. I don't I'm not
gonna be around forever, man. Somebody
has to do them.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Um, okay. So, so I I actually
agree with you. I think, you know, I've
seen, you know, I'm pretty in in this
world when it comes to data centers and
AI and a lot of stuff and the usage of
of servers of data centers, the
longevity is growing. So, when I heard
them talking about that yesterday, you
know, part of me was was thinking like
this is kind of obvious. Like, yes,
they're depreciating, but so is a car,
yet we still use the car as collateral
for the loan.
&gt;&gt; Sure.
&gt;&gt; So, I don't know. It made a lot of sense
to me, but I didn't know.
&gt;&gt; The company who's giving you the
insurance for doesn't own the car.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; You know, think of think about it like
you own the car. You didn't even put
down all the money for argument sakes.
You didn't even put down all the money
for the car. So, you borrowed it from
somebody else. And then an insurance
company who has no part in the loan or
owning of the car tells you, "I'll make
good on the car." Think about how crazy
that whole thing is. If I was just
planning that as a business model for
you, you would say, "This doesn't have
legs." I'll go one step a little easier
for you. Look at what we're doing right
now on the internet.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; Like we have a Zoom call on the internet
that's going to go out and live forever
into perpetuity in some place. When the
internet first came out, because I was
there when it first came out, it was
only going to be used for porn. There
was no other application for it. Now we
do everything. Plane tickets, uh, phone
calls, Zoom calls, internet, TV.
&gt;&gt; Who knows where this is going to go to.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. No, that's a really good point.
Yeah. I I think it's just the the next
evolution in in everything. Um,
&gt;&gt; and porn. That was P O R N. Sometimes my
New York accent comes out there and it's
might be P A W N. That's not what I was
talking about. Not like a shop. No, no,
no. I I'm sure everyone caught that one.
Don't worry.
&gt;&gt; All right. Good, good, good.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Um, okay. So, let me ask you um
kind of a little bit of a different
question. It's going back to trading.
So, I I like to I mean, maybe this
simplistic, but I always tend to see the
market as it's
there's three different ways to trade it
is the way I see it, especially with
options and, you know, mainly premium
selling. You've got a very obvious down
market, which we kind of saw like
January, February, March. Then you got a
very obvious up market, which is like
April, May. And then you got kind of
like a two-sided market where it's like,
all right, you can sell calls, sell
puts, both. Um,
and I would say this year's been a
little bit of an anomaly where you've
kind of had more of these drastic like
one-sided like, man, everything's just
selling off over and over. And then, oh,
here we go rebounding. Maybe we saw a
little bit of that last year after the
whole tariff stuff, but from April to
November, you just had to sell puts. You
didn't have to do anything else. Like
you look like a genius.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; What do you do to stay I don't know. I
want to say informed might be the wrong
wrong word, but how do you make
decisions on how to set yourself up
properly to either be more on the
selling put side or selling call side?
Are you just looking at call skew versus
put skew? Because the whole market's had
call skew for a while now. like h how
how do you assess it from just your
experience, your reps and volume of
trading?
&gt;&gt; So,
I'm kind I'm kind of simple like um we
actually had this discussion today on on
Lost Dog like with with Tom for for a
real brief second like he wants to sell
the top.
I want to sell it two three days later
and he says it's very hard to do. I
don't I don't find it very hard to do. I
might find it very hard to do if it went
down for three, four, five days in a row
and didn't have an uptick. I would
probably sell that first uptick kind of
thing. When we get into a range,
volatility is high, you know, I I do a
call ratio spread or I do something with
some thought behind it or or an iron
condor with more calls than puts or a
wider call spread, that kind of thing.
You know, something that gets me
engaged. Then once I'm engaged, I have a
position, it's a lot easier to add that
because the market tells me what to do.
market continues going lower and I lose
my short delta, I have to add more short
delta. If the market goes higher, I've
got to do something about that. I got to
add a little bit of long delta. So,
really getting in is the first hardest
part for me. And for me, I'm not trying
to get the top. I'm going to miss the
top and I'm going to miss the bottom and
I'm going to hope to make money, you
know, in between there. And that might
be a little bit of a copout. So, I'll
answer it directly because on Grow Your
Pile, we have portfolios. We have a
million-dollar portfolio, a million plus
dollar portfolio that we do a little bit
more of a longer term take and we have
like a $2 and something thousand
portfolio that we do a little bit of
shorter term uh take on it. I have some
Q puts. Uh it's a long leaning portfolio
on about $200,000. We go anywhere
between on average about 200 and 700
long deltas. On that portfolio only
using around 35% everything that we
talked about here on the show, no no
magic. We just show people how to do it
uh in real time. And I usually have
anywhere between um three and four naked
short Q puts in one to 10 day options.
Today I have one. So I usually have
three or four. Today I have one and I've
had one for the last week or so. H for
the last three days or so. Prior to
that, I had, you know, six and seven
because the market had sold off, selling
to strength with long delta, wanted to
lean long, rolled a couple of times, you
know, not exactly right at the bottom,
but when we started a rally, we were
able to keep rolling up and up and up,
and it ended up working out to be a nice
trade. uh on a that same $200,000
account, we may have up to seven or
eight spy uh out of the money puts in
45day options somewhere around the 25 to
35 delta option depending on what my
opinion of the market is. If I think
it's more bullish, I'm going 35 delta.
If I think it's less bullish, I'll go
nothing fantastic. Just my own market
opinion. Well, today I have four. So,
how do I, you know, do this? Well, I'm
I'm still in I'm still longish delta,
but I'm not as long as I was, and I'm
looking for an opportunity. Now, the
last three days, I've left money on the
table. If I had seven puts and three
puts and Q's, and we have other assets
that we buy, stocks and stuff, but it's
just shares, nothing really monumental.
I I've left money on the table. Did I
benefit from the move lower and capture
that? Yeah. for the last three or five
days or week or whatever, I'm making a
little bit less than I should, but I'm
making money, not losing money.
&gt;&gt; So, so it sounds like not only are you
essentially taking the direction the
market gives you and leaning into it,
but you're also
&gt;&gt; scaling in order to Yeah. So, so your
size obviously, you know,
&gt;&gt; fluctuates, but I I always try to lean a
little bit with that delta like like I
have to make a decision this this week
and I was looking for a down day. Today
was the first, you know, yeah, 100
handle move. And and I've learned
something with these Q shortdated uh
puts and I'm talking somewhere between,
you know, three days and and 10 days.
you get about 100 to 150 NASDAQ points
overnight move cushion. So if you sell
an option in the cues with the, you
know, three, four, five, six days and
it's out of the money, let's just call
it right at the expected move. So it has
around a 25ish delta and it's trading
anywhere between three and $6 depending
on what volatility is when you put them
on at that time. Like right now
volatility is low. They're only about
three and a half or $4 in that time
frame. If with the NASDAQ goes down by
about 75 to 100 handles, you're even
like that's the that's the juice coming
out of it. So, you've got about a 100
handle leeway by putting on these naked
puts in the cues. Now, you got to be
bullish on the market. So, it it all
comes down to size. So, for my size
account or that size account that we're
doing, I think you can have around three
or four. I presently have one.
&gt;&gt; Okay, that's it. I I'm going to have to
take a look at that. Do some
&gt;&gt; You should You really You really should.
Now Q monthly implied volatility on
these like 10day out is 18 like you know
the monthly implied volatility is 18 you
know it was 35 uh you know three four
five weeks ago. So the environment's
changed and I and I and we're we're
still continuing higher to nowhere
right. I mean we're just like you said I
I talked about on lost dog. seems like
we're consolidating on this meltup and
we're looking for this next move.
&gt;&gt; Whether it be up or down, I don't know,
but we're looking for this next move.
So, right now, I'm willing to leave a
little bit of money on on the table to
maybe benefit or not get hurt as much if
we go in the opposite direction.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. I mean, it's again, never know
which way it's going to go, but it feels
like the market wants to go up. I mean,
the fact that we're at these levels and
SanDisk is essentially cut in half.
Micron's down by 30%. Uh Tesla's down
way from all-time highs. SpaceX is
obviously way I mean like it it's the
ones that you would have thought would
be saying, "Hey, we're topping here."
You
&gt;&gt; yet we're in tops and those aren't even
participating. It's like
&gt;&gt; the rest of the market has has put
itself on the on its back. You know, I
don't want to say like stupid stuff like
like Dell and Caterpillar and uh Nimbus
is another one. I think it just came
out. I think it's
&gt;&gt; No, Cororeweave. Cororee just reported.
&gt;&gt; Corweave. Yeah. I mean, like, it it
seems like like we have a board of of of
stocks that we look at and they're the
popular ones. And you're right,
&gt;&gt; they look like [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] you know, and then
the market's unchanged, you know, it's
like, well, it's not voodoo economics. I
mean, it's not Reagan anymore. I mean,
something is holding up the market
somewhere else. So, you know,
seems like a rotation and now we got to
figure out if that rotation is good or
bad. And the market will tell us that.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. No, I I agree. You know, you
talked about um the juice coming out and
it it's something this is something that
I I think about a lot and I don't know
how to properly think through it, but
I try barring anything big event coming
up that you know I want to avoid, I try
to avoid the avoidable. Um but I try to
go into the weekend with trades on. So,
normally I try to make sure Pardon
&gt;&gt; it's paid.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Yeah. Well, that that's that's
where I'm going. So, I try to normally I
try to make sure I have trades on by
like Thursday morning.
&gt;&gt; And really, it's because I've heard you
guys talk a lot about you don't know
when the premium is going to get sucked
out. It could be Thursday, it could be
Friday, it could be Monday.
&gt;&gt; How c can you maybe explain that a
little bit? Like how how do we know how
do you know to look for and how do you
take advantage of that if there's
anything to take advantage of?
Unfortunately, you can't take advantage
of it, but you could take advantage of
knowing that it's not an absolute thing.
So, if you look at forwardle forward/Vx
on Thursday and you have a bullish
volatility, meaning volatility has gone
higher, you could bet your ass that
Friday is volatility is going to stay
bid going into the weekend. That's the
way I would look at it. If volatility is
low on Thursday or continues lower,
especially if the market does nothing or
goes a little bit lower like today, you
had the market uh even the S&amp;Ps were
down around uh 20 handles or so. Uh
NASDAQ was down around 100 and change,
but I think it rallied back near the
near the end of the day and you had
forward/VX at 1675 or 70 or something
like that. Actually down a few pennies.
Volatility is coming out across the
board so far. Now, tomorrow if you were
to get a market that's the same as today
and you got volatility bid a little bit
with volatility historic lows, I don't
think you're going to get a lot of
volatility coming out over the weekend.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. No, I I I agree.
&gt;&gt; There's no way there's no way to judge
it.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Yeah. I've been
&gt;&gt; I can't I can't I wish I wish there was
something I can tell. But I will tell
you this. So, volatility stays
unchanged, but as a market maker, a
liquidity provider or anything else like
that, I run the numbers on Saturday's
numbers. So, it's Friday at 10 o'clock
in the morning, but I forward my
computer to Saturday at noon. So, my
volatility stays the same. I didn't take
the day risk out, but I've moved my
clock forward. So, those options are
slowly decaying, but not as much as if I
move the clock forward and lowered
volatility. As the day progresses and
stay on, I go to Sunday's number. So,
the market doesn't move. That option was
trading for $3, but now I'm trading on
Sunday. that options work 290 and then
sometimes at the end of the day you'll
get a nice volatility crush on Friday
because nothing really happened all the
news or whatever has come out it seems
like it's complacent and then
&gt;&gt; you get a little bit of a push
&gt;&gt; but but one way or another that it comes
out the juice has to come out one way or
the other
&gt;&gt; everything goes to expiration uh
everything goes to par on expiration yes
100%
&gt;&gt; okay yeah because then I also wonder I
mean again I don't know if this is just
luck since I've been trading that I see
it benefiting. But like the week of
Thanksgiving, before Thanksgiving, I'm
making sure that, you know, starting
early November, I've got trades on
because I don't know when, but there's a
week there that is going to be dead,
&gt;&gt; right?
&gt;&gt; Is there something there? Like, how do
market makers think about that going
into Thanksgiving week?
&gt;&gt; Well, I don't I I I don't know, but I'll
but I'll but I'll tell you this. So,
I've never been a broker, but uh
Thanksgiving weekend, I Thanksgiving
week, I forget what you know, the
Thursday into the Friday. I forget what
year it was. It had to be around 90 or
something like that. The broker next to
me, who who was a very nice guy, nice
friend of mine, um he asked me to be a
broker for him for the day. And on the
CBOE, if you were a broker, you couldn't
be a market maker that day. If you were
a market maker, you couldn't be a
broker. You had to disseminate at that
in the morning what you were going to to
be. A broker takes your orders, your
customer orders, does not trade for
himself. A market maker takes no
customer orders, only trades for
himself. At the merkantile exchange,
those son of a [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] could do both.
And that's like Dracula watching the
blood because if I get a big order
coming in, you know, you can sure as
[&nbsp;__&nbsp;] because it's human nature. Five or
10 is going to go out for the bat
account first and then I'm going to push
the market a little bit lower. Five or
10 come back. It's just I mean or I'm
going to nudge somebody. I mean it's
just human nature and if anybody says
they ain't going to do it, they're
freaking lying. So let's put that to
bed. So the CPOE did it the right way.
You can either be one or the other. He
asked me to be a broker that day. It was
the busiest Friday we had in the year. I
believe the market went lower, but I
mean back then 50 handles was a huge
move. I was swamped with orders. It was
pandemonium. So I don't know what to do
for Thanksgiving or any other holiday.
You never know. It's completely random.
There are those that will say there's
not a lot of liquidity. You can move the
market a lot more. There's some warrant
there's some there's some to that. And
then there's others that say that
there's nobody there. There's nothing
going on. There'll be too many bids and
offers because there's no liquidity
anywhere. It's going to be very
complacent. Most times it's complacent.
&gt;&gt; You Yeah. So, in my experience, it's
been complacent. Like I said, I try to
make sure I have trades on early cuz I
don't know how it works, when they're
going to suck out the premium, if
they're going to, what's going to
happen. So, I just I just like to have
my trades on and what happens happens.
But, I do think there's some truth to
the lower I mean, I know there's truth
&gt;&gt; that when you don't have a lot of
volume, a lot of activity, you can move
the markets. That actually happened this
past year. I mean, I'm assuming you're
aware of this, but I'm sure you've heard
of uh Captain Condor or
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. For sure.
&gt;&gt; That was Christmas Eve when all that
happened. And
&gt;&gt; you know, I I was watching the the Slack
messages that were coming through from
from his his group chat in there. A
friend of mine was in it and
&gt;&gt; it was just it was the saddest thing
you've ever seen. So, yeah, it it can
people were getting blown up left and
right. Well, I mean that that's another
case of of what I mean that's Liupole to
a to a small degree.
&gt;&gt; I mean, look look at what they were what
they were doing. I mean, they were
putting on these iron condors. If it
didn't work, they doubled up. If it
didn't work, they doubled up again. If
it didn't work, they doubled up again.
&gt;&gt; They had more than double because they
weren't just trying to make their money
back. They were trying to make their
money back and then some. Yeah.
&gt;&gt; A double double double. Yeah. I I I mean
double up to catch up is what what we
would we would call it back in back in
the day. I mean it works until it
doesn't work now.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; Statistically speaking, if they could
have held on, it would work. But nobody
has unlimited funds. That's why it's so
much easier to make money on a
percentage basis in a million-doll
account than it is in a thousand dollar
account. It's just easier to make 50% in
a thousand dollar account than a than a
million-doll account. But it's easier to
make 10% consistently or 20%
consistently in a $1,000 in a million
dollar account that is a 10 than a
thousand account.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. I mean, it it also I mean to to
me, you know, when my buddy was doing it
like I I taught my buddy how to trade.
He never touched options or anything
before that. He was a big crypto guy.
And then he got hooked and he was doing
so well. He was crushing it, you know,
20, 40, 50 grand a month like
consistently over and over and then he,
you know, I I think people they learn a
little bit, they start to see something
working and then, well, let me
experiment with something else. Why why
would I keep doing what's working? Let
me go experiment. So, he went and
experimented
&gt;&gt; and he didn't get caught up in all that.
Luckily, uh he missed the they called
them like these uh these cycles, these
zones that they had, but he he missed
this one luckily. But I was telling him
like this like goes against like
everything I told you. Like you're not
staying small. You're actually getting
bigger and bigger and bigger and yeah,
it's just size.
&gt;&gt; Hey, even go to go to Leopold. I mean,
his original investors or people that
stayed on the long list, they're
extremely happy with them. They made
boatloads. They didn't make as much as
their high water mark. Yeah. But they
made boatloads compared to anybody they
have. They can go to any party in the
world and be very happy with the returns
that they made. it's the last people
that got in or the people that got in in
the middle that uh that didn't benefit.
&gt;&gt; So So what are your thoughts in general
on
on margin on buying power uh using them
as a combination? Like how how do you
think about that? I mean obviously you
know you're at a different point in
life. you've you've made your money at
this point, but for people listen, I'm
still listen I've been an investor in
Lost Dog since the very beginning, long
before Tasty Live Let Me Go. I've had
other businesses that I've been
investing in. Um I was retired for two
and a half hours. You know, I'm not I'm
not I'm not interested in, you know, I
have a second home, but you know, I
don't get to go there that often. I'd
love to be on my boat uh that I do not
have where I live here in Chicago. Um,
but I mean I like building businesses.
You know, it's funny because I got a
buddy of mine who's my ex-in-law who I
love dearly and and we've been friends
since we were uh we went out with
sisters. Uh we both end up marrying
sisters. Uh he's still married
fortunately. I I was divorced and now
I've been married happily for 22 years.
Very very happy. 17 years. The first
time you know I got a lot of 39 years
under incarc you know incarceration. I
I've done I've done my time. Um,
you know, he's asking why you keep doing
it. You know, you know, you have enough
and I have more than I need and it's
very I'm very fortunate and and one
investor's floor is another investor's
ceiling. There are other people who are
watching this have 10 times the amount
of money I have and they're happy or or
unhappy. That's not it. It's just that
if you if I see a $100 bill on the
floor, I still want to grab it. you
know, I still want, you know, to smile
at the end of the day knowing that I,
you know, that that I slayed the market
or I or I did something right. When you
lose that, then then I'll stop. I guess.
&gt;&gt; No, I trust me, I I 100% get it. It's uh
you know,
until like I didn't realize how much um
I don't know if I've ever talked about
this out loud, but I've always been into
making money. always and like from a
young age I think I told you last time
my stepfather opened up a custodian
account for me when I was 13 and that's
how I got into the stock market and then
eventually I stumbled upon options and
the way I discovered that you could sell
options was I accidentally sold a put
when I was trying to buy one and I was
like wait what what happened here how am
I up% but like where the and then next
thing you know and eventually I stumbled
upon you guys I didn't realize you guys
were a show or anything. I thought you
guys just had these like little videos
every once in a while. So, I didn't like
it was just an idiot. But,
&gt;&gt; but you know, I never wanted to touch
anyone else's money. I only I only liked
my money. I never wanted to go into
investment banking or anything like
that. So, you know, I went engineering
degree, did that whole career, but
&gt;&gt; people always talk about do what you
love and like you won't work a day. And
I always thought that was the stupidest
thing I ever heard. It's like like that
like I didn't resonate with me because
to me it was like no, I want to make
money. I want to go I want to get a
really good engineering degree so I can
go make a lot of money. I want to make
six figures. Like that was my thing. But
now full circle here in my mid30s, you
know, with my newborn son, all that. And
now I find myself like the best advice
I'm going to give him is do something
you love because I finally realized what
I love. I love this. I love the markets.
Like I just didn't realize that that
could be like something that sustains
you. And so yeah, it's like a good day,
a bad day. Like it's so much fun. It's
so mentally challenging. It's so
stimulating, you know, being able to
talk to all Everyone does things a
little differently. It's it's uh man,
it's I I don't think there's anything
that's more interesting than this game
that we're all playing and the dynamics
and the con. I I don't know. So, I I
kind of get what you're saying. Maybe
maybe I I don't get it because more in
30 years, but
&gt;&gt; I get a a piece of it.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Yeah. I mean, listen, I'm I'm not
digging ditches. You know, you know what
I mean? If I was digging a ditch, I'd
probably have a different, you know, and
it was $100 on the floor, they said,
"Dig the ditch." I'd probably say, you
know, I got enough money. I don't want
to pay any more ditches. You know, I'm
clicking a button. I'm making fun of my
friends. Uh, I'm getting accolades from
from young men like you. I mean, you
know,
&gt;&gt; life's good.
&gt;&gt; So bad.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Yeah. Well, so do do you think
with all this AI stuff, I I have my
opinion about this, but I'm curious
about yours. Do do you think that
eventually all these agents, these bots,
whatever people are going to build, that
it's going to disrupt the game, maybe
make it so the markets are are too
efficient, maybe uh or that there's
going to be no need for a Tony, a Tom, a
Nick, a Scott, like is do do you see
that happening? Um,
the world will always need characters.
Um, but I but I think that and I I'll go
with my with my son who who's doing Zero
Days uh with with a with a company
they're calling Robin Maria and Tony and
uh and Nick Batista right now. I don't
know what they're gonna eventually name
it. Um, you find them on YouTube also
and I know you're love Nick and you've
you you've talked with him before.
They're doing zero days with an
automated system doing a couple hundred
trades a day uh in S&amp;P and they have
losing days. I mean, you know, losing
weeks. Um they're net profitable by
about 50 or 60%, but they they have
losing days. It's not a it's not a
little person's game. It's a it's a it's
a well capitalized game. Um but I don't
think that it will be so efficient. Here
I I'll tell you why it can't be so
efficient. You know how many liquidity
providers are there?
15, 25, 35. I mean, you know, there new
liquidity providers every day. Some take
a bigger piece, some take a smaller
piece. You got the Citadels, you got the
Jane Street, the big guys, you got
smaller people who are doing it. You got
other smaller firms that are doing it.
They're all finding edge. If these
brilliant geniuses are all finding edge
somewhere and they all have different
markets,
&gt;&gt; it can never be commoditized that it's
going to be like a pick a market and
ain't going to move anywhere.
&gt;&gt; That so I think I come to the same
opinion. Uh
the way I look at it is
for every agent that you might build,
every great LLM, chatbt, whatever you
build out, there's going to be a counter
to it. Sure.
&gt;&gt; And the way I see it, it's just another
market participant
&gt;&gt; adding to the pile. And to me, it all t
that that's what I think is awesome
about the mark is it's it balances out
one way or another. So it doesn't matter
how great a bot is, an agent, an
algorithm, a quant, it seems like it all
eventually comes down to I don't want to
say breaking even, but to to somehow
neutralizing. And it's not like
&gt;&gt; they're not right 100% of the time
either. Maybe it's 85% of the time,
maybe 75% of the time. And they have to
be positioned sized properly that they
could stay with their model when it's
not working.
&gt;&gt; You know, they get too big also. And
then they have to throw their model out
the window because they can't afford to
stay with it. So there's always going to
be
&gt;&gt; outside the expected moves. There's
always going to be I don't know Kramer,
which I can't stand. You know, he says
there's always a bull market somewhere.
There'll always be a market somewhere
for opportunity.
&gt;&gt; You You don't love him. What are you
talking about? Can't stand them
actually. You know, I was supposed to be
on CNBC. They they they they didn't take
me.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Were you be supposed to be at the
desk with uh with Josh and uh Pete and
all those rest them? Yeah.
&gt;&gt; Back in the Thinker Swim days. Long
story short, we sponsored Option Options
Action. We created that.
&gt;&gt; Oh, yeah.
&gt;&gt; We created that show and they sent me to
New York to, you know, kind of um
interview for it. And the excuse they
gave was they couldn't have um you know
an insider in Think or Swim who was
sponsoring the show beyond the show. I
think they just didn't like me.
&gt;&gt; Oh well
&gt;&gt; their loss.
I'm still here.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Is Yeah. I mean like who they they
had the Nigerian guys on there.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Yeah.
&gt;&gt; Uh yeah. I don't know much about them.
Um I know they had a book stood right
next to me in the AOL pit back in the
day.
&gt;&gt; Oh,
tall guy, right?
&gt;&gt; Tall guy. Good football player.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Yeah. Um do do you think everyone
or not everyone do you think most people
who are self-directed investors should
trade options or at least learn about
options?
&gt;&gt; 150%. Why not? Listen, we work so hard
to save our money, invest our money, and
then we don't know what we put it in. I
mean, like, you know, somebody will say,
"Well, no, I'm invested in Vanguard."
Which one of their million funds are you
in? I don't know. The the one for good
people. You know what I mean? Like, they
don't even know what, you know, what
what they're invested in. So, 100%. You
save yourself the fees. You can do it
yourself. There's so much information
out there. Basically free. Commissions
are basically free. they're going to go
to free. So, it's happening. Just learn
it. Take advantage of it. Be an
opportunist son of a [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] and prosper.
&gt;&gt; I Yeah, I love that. Uh, you know, you
guys, uh, when I say you guys, I mean
Lost Dog.
&gt;&gt; Uh, you guys put out a video about the
the myth or I call it the brainwashing
of passive uh, indexes.
&gt;&gt; And I loved it. I've been talking about
things like that for so long and that
video I I don't know the gentleman's
name, but he did a fantastic job. I I
posted it onto my ex. It must have
gotten like 40 50,000 uh views. I was I
was literally just saying like this is
what I've been telling you guys. This is
so I couldn't put it in better words.
It's all BS. You just don't know who the
fund manager is, right?
&gt;&gt; They're rebalancing. They're deciding is
is is SpaceX gonna be included? Are they
not gonna be included? Like all you just
don't see the money manager. It's not
passive. Like it's it's but you guys is
such like I hope you guys keep doing
more content like that because
&gt;&gt; that was so well done.
&gt;&gt; Thank you.
&gt;&gt; So
and and if you got to go just let me
know because I'm
&gt;&gt; You may be from New York but I'm Spanish
so I'll just talk.
&gt;&gt; So you got you gota tell me shut up. I
gotta go. I gotta eat. Um, I got to go
have a cigarette. Yeah. Um,
with regards to you guys have been
talking a little bit here and there
about what do you think's going to
happen with the SpaceX and Tesla merger?
Tom seems to think it's done. It's going
to happen. It's going to happen. Uh,
what do you think about that? First of
all, do you think it's going to happen?
You think it's inevitable?
&gt;&gt; Yeah. I don't know if it's sooner rather
than later, but I I would I would
venture it's going to be a little bit
later than sooner, but yeah, I think
it's inevitable.
&gt;&gt; And And do you how do you think
something like that happens? Like, you
know, there's a lot of um commentary on
on how it could or could not happen. So,
obviously from a a must perspective, he
wants SpaceX to be the controlling
factor because it benefits him from
control with his voting shares and all
that. Do do you think this has to be
something like a merger of equals? Do
you think that it's something where
SpaceX would have to offer a premium for
Tesla shareholders to vote yes on this?
I mean, like, how do you think this I
mean, you've you've probably seen and
more of these than I could even think
of. So, I'm just curious like based on
what you've seen, like how does this
end?
&gt;&gt; Unfortunately, markets are evolving and
moving. I'm going to take a step back
first before I answer. You know, I've
been an insider in publicly traded
companies. I couldn't say things that I
knew was happening or going on because
that was the rules. And then all of a
sudden, you got a guy like Elon who was
an insider in a company uh obviously
knew a lot more than the company than
the company I was involved in. And he
said every freaking thing he wanted to
say on X and never got into any trouble
or anything else like that. I Batista
they would have sent to jail. You know
Elon Musk they put him on a on a
pedestal because you know he's a boy
genius. Love him or hate him. You got to
give him some props. I mean he sends wi
with his team of geniuses. You know,
Tom's a genius, too, but he's got Scott,
you know, myself, and, you know, we had
250 other employees behind us doing
that, too. So, I mean, it's the team
that you assemble, but you're a genius
in your own right. He's a genius in in
his own right. I He's changed he's
changed the game. And you know, if they
say they're going to give him a
bazillion dollars, if the company goes
to 10 10 bazillion dollars, then and he
makes the company go to 10 bazillion
dollars, give him his [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] bazillion
dollars, and who gives you [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] anymore?
You know what I mean? I mean, if you're
gonna don't don't fade a superstar. The
man's a superstar. You might not like
him. You might love him, but you can't
fade him.
&gt;&gt; So, he'll make it happen. Whatever is
advantageous for him is the way I'm
going to answer that.
&gt;&gt; Okay. Yeah. No, that makes I I say that
all the time.
&gt;&gt; And he's allowed to. I mean
I mean
if if you got if you're in a small if
you're in a small town and you're the
only one who sells Kubano sandwiches cuz
you're Spanish or Cuban, right? You're
the only one I think I got a little
Spanish in me too. If you're the only
one that sells Cuban sandwiches and all
of a sudden they freaking love those
sandwiches and you're the only one that
sell them and you want to raise them by
a dollar. Everybody can hate you for
raising for a dollar but if they still
come it's what the market's going to
bear. It's the same thing with him. you
know, if he still produces and and he
still does everything he's going to say
he's going to do and I know the
subsidiaries from the from the states
and everything, but that's their
business. That's what they gave him.
Like, just because he was opportunist
enough to say, "Hey, that's a great deal
for me and my company. I can't fault
him. I got to fault the people who made
the deal." Like, you know, get mad at
your government or get mad at the state
or get mad at that. Can't get mad at
him. If you're going to throw steaks at
him, he's not going to say, "I only want
hamburger."
&gt;&gt; No, that that's a fair answer. And I I
like what you said about um uh about not
fading them, you know. I always say
don't bet against winners,
&gt;&gt; you know. So like like no matter what
you think about Trump,
&gt;&gt; you can root against them if you want
to,
&gt;&gt; but don't bet against them.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Exact. Yeah. We always say like
whatever you think about Trump. Whatever
you think about Bessant, they're winners
when it comes to the market. Besson's
not an idiot. He worked under Drunken
Miller, under Soros. Like he knows what
he's doing with the markets. I'm not
betting against them. And I know he had
his fund that went belly up or whatever
the case may be, but market didn't
cooperate. I mean, you know, he's it's
the same thing like the Leopold of the
world or anybody.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Don't bet against them.
&gt;&gt; Don't against them.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. He's back at it already, right?
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Yeah.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. So, okay. So, so if they merge
though as a company
&gt;&gt; and they become one, is that
&gt;&gt; do you think do you think that's good
for markets?
&gt;&gt; No.
&gt;&gt; No. Okay.
Say more. That's interesting.
&gt;&gt; No, I mean I'd rather have two very
tradable companies than than one
conglomerate that would probably not
have great markets.
&gt;&gt; Really? You don't think they have great
markets?
&gt;&gt; I think they'll get wide. Like does
SanDisk have great markets? Does does uh
does Dell have great markets? Uh option
&gt;&gt; does
&gt;&gt; what's that?
&gt;&gt; Nvidia does under
&gt;&gt; Nvidia has great markets.
What's Nvidia's implied volatility
compared to to MU or to SanDisk or to
Dell? It's it's got to be a fraction.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; I think that company like a S like a
like a SpaceX Tesla combination, it's
going to have a very high implied
volatility. It's going to have wide
markets in my opinion.
&gt;&gt; Okay. And well, market makers will like
it, right?
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Yeah.
&gt;&gt; What's your thoughts on uh anthropic
open AI and them going public? Do do you
think
&gt;&gt; it can absorb that? I love it.
&gt;&gt; You love it.
&gt;&gt; I love it. I don't I'm not
I gotta take a step back here because
I'm a little bit of an investor in
something. So, I I love I I love that
it's happening. You know what I mean? I
I I think anytime I mean, you want
another Chipotle to trade? I mean, you
know, I mean,
&gt;&gt; yeah, I got you. I mean, or do you want
another Nvidia to trade? Or do you want
another MU to trade, you know, or or or,
you know, I I think it's going to be
another stock that's going to provide,
you know, fuel to the fire for a lot of
people who like to yolo. C
&gt;&gt; can the market support it, though? You
know, I think you you guys were Well, I
maybe you and Tom were disagreeing about
this uh right before the SpaceX IPO, but
I think Tom was saying that that will be
the top of the market,
you know.
Yeah, I think Allah like uh what AOL
kind of kind of moment. You're right.
Wrong.
&gt;&gt; But maybe not right. Maybe maybe it was
just a little delayed. Maybe just
waiting for anthropy.
I mean any I mean
you know
the market has here if you've been
watching the market for the last year
every Trump in the beginning of the year
every Trump tweet market spoos moved 100
handles higher or 100 handles lower as
they progressed we moved 10 20 handles
oil straight ships sinks no ships good
ships market moves 100 handle 100
handles now it doesn't move it the
market digests everything. It has a hard
time in the beginning, but the market
digests everything. And I think the
market will digest this just like
everything else. It will have some
volatility to it when it first comes
out, but as things go on, I mean, Apple
had volatility. Apple volatility when it
first came out, monthly implied
volatility was in the 40s. I think Apple
volatility is as as low monthly. I mean,
I can look right now. I think Apple
volatility is as low monthly as it is in
an index like uh like SPY. Let's see.
monthly implied volatility in Apple is
24 and in spy it's now down to 12. So it
it is it is half of what it was. But if
you look at the Q's it's probably uh in
line with it. The Q's are just under 20
now. Q's were 35 two weeks ago. So I
mean markets absorb everything.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Do you think the markets have
already absorbed the potential of rate
hikes?
&gt;&gt; No.
&gt;&gt; No. Okay. Interesting. All right.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; And I think the first rate hike will be
a relative non-event for the market.
&gt;&gt; The fact that there might be a second
one or the hint or the whisper of a
second one will be a little bit bearish
for the market.
&gt;&gt; So So you am I hearing this right that
you think there will be rate hikes?
&gt;&gt; I do.
&gt;&gt; Oh wow. Okay.
&gt;&gt; I mean the bonds will tell you. I mean
we're right there at 109. I I
I mean here 107 we have two rate hikes.
110 we have no rate hike. 109
we're kind of in no man's land.
I think he missed the b the I think he
missed the the boat the first time. He
shot probably should have raised rates
by a quarter percent and been proactive
and spun it as a proactive thing. Um I
think it would have been wellreceived.
Um, now you know it's like borrow money
when you have to, not, you know, borrow
money when you can, not when you have
to. And I think now they're getting to
the point where they might have to. And
I think the market is pushing their
hands a little bit.
&gt;&gt; Okay. But and so
so I feel like it's it's um
&gt;&gt; if we go down 300 handles from here and
we're 7,400 on the E- mini S&amp;Ps, did the
rate hike hurt the the market or are we
just coming 50% retracement from where
we were three months ago? I mean, it's
all how you spin it, right?
&gt;&gt; So I I I don't think the the first rate
hike were 7,000 on E- mini S&amp;P. Well, I
mean, you could say the same about them
skipping the rate hike this past time,
right? Like at first,
&gt;&gt; genius,
&gt;&gt; then the crash, and then everyone said,
"Oh, that was just Leopold." Turns out
Worse did the right thing. So, it was
this zigzag on
&gt;&gt; justification. Um,
&gt;&gt; an opportunity.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. No, absolutely.
&gt;&gt; Yesterday, you're right whether it was
right or wrong, but today it's an
opportunity.
&gt;&gt; Okay. What are you trading these days?
Like what's your what are your go-to
stocks, names, strategies? What what's a
Tony?
&gt;&gt; I've been staying more a lot more
towards the the indexes like spy and
Q's. I've been doing a lot more jade
lizard type strategies because I have
felt the last couple of weeks that the
market
the market move if it was going to be
outside the move was going to be the
upside. So I want to defined risk to the
upside. So I'm selling a call spread and
a naked put. Bullish strategy. I've done
that in many stocks. Apple being the the
most recent one, Nvidia, all on down
ticks. I like to do them on red days. I
do not like to do them on green days.
Like when volatility is expanding,
usually on a on a red day in the
indexes, volatility will collapse on a
red day in the equities like Apple and
stuff. So you can take a little bit more
directional uh bias in those. That's
been my two things. I have stayed away
from strangles with volatility being uh
so low right here. My bias was the
market was going to go a little bit
higher. So, Jade Lizard fit my bias. You
know, market whether it cooperate or not
validates like history validates whether
I was right or wrong. It's worked out so
far. Um, I am trading a few shorterdated
puts like I told you in the cues. Um,
but I have a a minuscule position on
compared to what I've had before. Same
thing with spies. I think we have
positive drift in the market. Um, I
don't think that's changing even at
all-time highs. Um, I am looking for a
down move to to invest a little bit
more. But on these zero day or these
shorterdated 6-day, 10day options, I
think you just have to have them on and
put your ego behind you or your
Nostradamus
uh opinion on what you think the
market's going to do and just keep it uh
keep it in your in your parameters. I
should have three or four of them on. I
only have one on.
&gt;&gt; Okay. So So yeah. So that's interesting.
in stocks that that that I that I like
to trade. I mean, I have uh I have long
positions in AOI, uh ABGO, um Nimbus,
Google, Hood, Microsoft, Nvidia, uh
Palanteer, PLT,
uh some silver, some gold, SpaceX.
Smaller position now than than it was
before. It was one of my larger
positions when it was in the 115 handle
on its way to 105. You know, I didn't
buy it at 105. Now it's 130. It was 140
yesterday and I'm out of most of my uh
position in there. Um SPMO is another
one I have on. I I love doing S&amp;P. Um
broken wing butterflies. Uh when the
market sells off for two or three days,
uh they print money for me. I do that
all the time on Grow Your Pile. I mean,
I always look at it like, listen, you
want to put $5,000 in the market and
make 300 bucks in in, you know, 45 days.
You do you do the percentages, you know,
it's a nice it's a nice bang for your
for your buck. You know, that for me is
an income type trade.
&gt;&gt; Do with those stocks you mentioned, are
those are those just you trade in stock
itself or is that you
&gt;&gt; a little bit of both? like AOI doesn't
have greatest option markets. So, it's
more, you know, stock and I I bought
that stock, you know, at a at a 100 uh
or 102, I think, uh on its way down to
about 80 and change. And and I was, you
know, I'm never all in because I always
think I'm I think I'm wrong. Uh I bought
it late in in July. It actually uh
bounced right right away and I was up by
like $10. It promptly sold off and got I
think into the 70 handle. I didn't buy
any in the 70s. I bought some in the low
80s, 80, 81, 82. You know, it got up to
140ish or so. And, you know, I let some
out at 130ish where it is right now.
Some out at 140ish. Some uh option
strategies, not not a ton. But other
stocks like Nvidia and stuff, it's all
options.
&gt;&gt; Okay. And do you normally like if those
are I'm assuming those are trades,
right? Those aren't like just long-term
buy and hold kind of thing. their actual
trades.
&gt;&gt; Um I mean here I mean since you're
asking me I'll I'll give you the I'll
give you the the the real number. I do
have longer term positions. You know I
am a man of means. Uh
&gt;&gt; I'm flexing and busting balls here a
little bit. Okay,
man. Flex. We saw we see those biceps 60
seconds on those biceps, don't they? No
one's looking at those.
&gt;&gt; My largest notional position uh is in
AVGO. I've had it for a long time. uh
Nvidia the second and then half as much
as that uh Goldman Sachs, Microsoft, uh
Apple, Google, Dell, VRT, uh is about
half of those that I just mentioned.
Now,
&gt;&gt; uh VRT, Caterpillar, Amazon, Nimbus, uh
Sandis, Morgan Stanley, MU, Marll, BE,
Lily, those are
&gt;&gt; some of my top maybe I named about 20
that I have on. Those are longer term
stock positions for me. Do do you cover
those ever or do you just let those
ride?
&gt;&gt; No, I mean I I trade in and out of them,
but I mean since the last one I
mentioned was Lily, I'll just go to my
position detail. Um the last time I
traded uh Lily
um was
let's see um not the greatest example.
The last time I traded Lily was last
year, November. Let me go to something
that I trade a little bit more. Um,
Sand SanDisk is I I you know, listen, I
have a good profit in SanDisk. I bought
SanDisk, you know, in the 300 range, you
know, up to 2,000. And I bought some at,
you know, 15,600. It's 1,200. Uh, but
I've also bought some at, you know, 300,
400, and 700. So, you know, it it you
you'd be surprised, you know, at $1,200
or $2,000, you know, 100, 200, 300
shares is a big notional, you know,
number when it's just stock.
&gt;&gt; Oh, no.
&gt;&gt; So, it's it's peace meal, you know, it's
20, 30 shares, you know, it's 50 shares,
it's 17 shares, you know, whatever
however I'm doing in the market itself.
I try to take my profits that I'm not
using over whatever expenses you have
and buy assets.
&gt;&gt; Okay.
Okay. So, yeah. So, so
&gt;&gt; I'm at the twilight of my career, you
know. I I I didn't do that in in 87, you
know. I bought a condo, a car, and
cocaine, you know, like, you know, in in
in 90. I I wasn't doing that, you know.
It was more like 2000, you know, when
you know I became in my in my 40s and
stuff and you know,
you know, how how much what do you got
to acquire, you know what I mean? And
that I took maybe longer term investing
a little more, you know, a little more
serious.
&gt;&gt; Okay. So, so, so thanks for sharing all
that. Um,
&gt;&gt; so what's your
&gt;&gt; And I really didn't do cocaine. I was
never a drug addict. I mean, I never
really liked drugs.
I would buy it because everybody I was
with liked to have it so it made for a
good party but I never really
&gt;&gt; just occasionally on the weekend.
&gt;&gt; No, honestly. No, never really.
&gt;&gt; Um,
&gt;&gt; you know, the opposite sex used to like
it. So, I mean, you know, if I was
there, I would, you know,
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
It's like in Wolf of Wall Street, you
know, instead of she was Leo and you
were the girl bent over.
You're in your twilight. You keep saying
that at least.
&gt;&gt; So, let me selfishly ask you a question.
So,
&gt;&gt; I'm on the verge of going to full
retirement myself and doing my own
thing. Got trading my own portfolio and
all that.
&gt;&gt; So, thank you.
&gt;&gt; So, uh you know, we've kind of
babystepped it. You know, I had my wife
retire first. You know, we have our son.
Everything's good. We're going great.
Life's good.
my portfolio, my trading, what what I do
sustains us more than we need to.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; So, I'm not in my twilight, but how how
would you structure things in in your
point of view
&gt;&gt; in order to trade responsibly,
maintain? Obviously, you have up and
down markets, days, months, years, all
that. and still safely withdraw. I know
you were only retired for two hours, but
&gt;&gt; yeah, two and a half.
&gt;&gt; I imagine at least for 30 seconds in
those two hours you thought about it.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; You know, so so how I mean what have you
seen out there? Like for me, I've got
cash set aside that is there just, you
know, to sustain a year. And my whole
idea has been just, you know, every
month replenish and to your point, the
rest stays in there. And I try never to
take anything out of my brokerage
account as much as I can. That's kind of
my simple take, but I imagine you've
seen different things.
&gt;&gt; I think that's the right I think that's
the right approach. I mean, you know,
I I guys that made more money than me
leveraged. So, and I don't mean
leveraged with their money in their own
positions. They went out and raised
money other places and you know, they
may have had their money invested too,
but they used other people's money um
and other businesses money to make more
money for everyone. So, if I would
challenge somebody to be better than
than me because I was average at best,
um maybe a little bit above average, but
if you really want to make it bigger
than that, you you you need to to raise
capital. And I was never um educated
enough, nor did I want to share my
profits with anybody else. I loved what
I was making. I was very happy with the
amount of money I was making until I
realized that I could be making a lot
more if I was a little bit smarter with
my money.
&gt;&gt; Gotcha. Yeah. You
&gt;&gt; took me decades to realize that.
&gt;&gt; Okay. Yeah.
&gt;&gt; When I when I when I would back a
trader, I backed one trader on the
floor. Other people backed 10 traders on
the floor. And the way to do it was to
back 10 traders on on the floor because
only one, two, or three are going to
make it.
&gt;&gt; What made them different? The ones that
made it.
&gt;&gt; Um,
I say they were more educated uh than me
in business. And by educated, I don't
mean like going to school or anything
else like that. Most of them did. I
never went to college, but I I think
they were they were they they knew
business better than me. You know, I I
was a I was a child of a of a of a
broken home. You know, my father was a
hoodlm and my mom was a waitress. So,
you know, my mom said, you know,
Anthony, you know, don't spend more than
25% on your rent and then you'll be able
to sustain life, you know, and now here
I am, you know, in a day making my rent
and I wanted to keep it pretty close to
me. So, I kept it pretty close to me. I
didn't want to invest it in other people
or anything else like that because I
didn't know how long it was going to
last.
&gt;&gt; Other people who came from maybe more
wealth and you know had business
families who had businesses or even
entrepreneurs or CEOs or anything else
like that that knew about risk and
reward realized that tomorrow
same thing's going to happen again. You
know, you know it's not ending. It's
gonna go on as long as you don't do
anything stupid. I was, you know, I
thought I would work for a year on the
CBOE, make a good amount of money, and
go back to Brooklyn, you know, that was
my game plan.
&gt;&gt; Well, yeah. Now, Chicago permanently.
&gt;&gt; Okay. Yeah. No, that makes
&gt;&gt; my gonna kill me soon, so please.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Yeah. So, no, I was just going to
say, you know, I it's weird to see I
don't know to hear kind of your story
and the way you feel about that because
I I I resonate with it so much. I mean,
I'm kind of the same way. I don't I
don't want to play with anyone else's
money. I just like my money, but I love
&gt;&gt; mistakes, son.
&gt;&gt; I I love talking about this stuff. I
love teaching it to other people. Uh,
you know, I I talk about it pretty much
all day, every day with people.
&gt;&gt; Make a sweetheart Make a sweetheart
deal. You want to be uh in a Yiddish
term would be a mench. You You want to
be a You want to be a mench, make a
sweetheart deal. You take money, they
have money. You both have money at risk.
You take 15, 20 people's money at risk.
You can't take out money unless they
take out money. You take out the same
percentages that they take out. You only
cover your nut, your monthly expenses,
whatever they may be, your commissions,
whatever they whatever they may be for
the first year. And when you prove proof
of concept to them and you have charged
them nothing for your time and money,
then you can make yourself a regular
deal where you do a two and 20, 10 and
10 and whatever, five, whatever you want
to do after that, whatever other
sweetheart deal you want to make that's
more advantageous for you. They'll all
want to invest in you because they saw
what you've done the first time.
&gt;&gt; But you really think you would go back
and do that though?
&gt;&gt; No. Me now? No. But if I could talk to
Tony at 35 years old, I'd say, "Yeah,
you stupid schmuck. That's exactly what
you should do.
&gt;&gt; Really?
&gt;&gt; Yeah,
&gt;&gt; man. It's that See, that to me, you
know, people I have I get DMs all the
time. People ask me, I'm like, I'm just
not interested in the responsibility of
someone else's money. Like, that's
&gt;&gt; it's definitely it ain't it ain't easy.
I told you I tried doing it one time. I
only did it for six months and I gave it
back. So, I mean it definitely
&gt;&gt; what honestly what what what kind of
gets me excited is more so helping other
people realize that this exists.
&gt;&gt; Sure.
&gt;&gt; I mean, a lot of what you guys have laid
the groundwork, you know,
&gt;&gt; do the book.
&gt;&gt; Ah, man. Why you got to do that? I'm
going to walk away here with gears
turning like what Tony said.
Damn you.
&gt;&gt; How old are you?
&gt;&gt; Uh, 35. Yeah, that's the number I came
up with. Yeah. No, I would definitely
tell 35year-old young bat, don't be a
schmuck.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Yeah. Actually, I think Nick and I
are the same age and we're both Nick, so
yeah. Funny enough.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; All right. Well, Tony, thanks uh for
spending the the evening with me. Um
appreciate literally everything you guys
do. You, Scott, Tom, you know, I'm happy
to to see that the dogs got some fleas
over there. So happy you're back over
there.
&gt;&gt; Big stuff coming Q1. hopefully of 2027.
Stay tuned. You're gonna have some
You're gonna have some choices to make.
&gt;&gt; I don't think
&gt;&gt; I give you an offer you can't refuse.
All right, we'll take it.
&gt;&gt; Tony, I appreciate it. If you could just
hang out for a second while I end this.
&gt;&gt; Sure.