Channel:     futureaza
Title:       Why Canada Could Become A Major EV Market
URL:         https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8-f7urSnFts
Published:   2026-09-13 19:00 UTC
Fetched:     2026-09-13 20:00 UTC

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

So, we're still kind of left guessing
here in Canada as to what the real
Chinese vehicles that we never really
see on the roads here, which ones they
will be. Uh, obviously, we've seen Tesla
and and some others, Polestar that are
produced in China already, but these new
entries are we're still waiting to see
who's actually going to show up first.
Big moves in Canada as Tesla is taking
the lion's share of the China EV
allowance because of course they are.
They're the only ones with an
infrastructure set up to handle it out
of the gate. Uh but we've also got some
other news about Canada. Some news about
how EVs are doing generally, [music]
how they're doing in certain places, and
some fascinating articles that are what
I like to call [music] wrong. Joining me
is Mark, who will set us straight
because he is our man on the ground. uh
embargo free at the moment. Get them
while you can. Uh I'm Brian. Welcome to
Futurza.
[singing]
&gt;&gt; Mark, thank you for joining me uh from
your uh purple vortex of what I can only
assume is doom. How are you
&gt;&gt; doing? Well, how are you, Brian? I know
your your uh arms must be tired from
just flying in
&gt;&gt; from all that flight. The first Nepal
video is out. It is long. It is
unsuccessful. It was so masterfully
edited. We did we had a camera crew. We
shot it over three days. They spent a
week editing it and it came out dead
last. So, please check it out. It's a
wonderful video. I'm sure there's B-roll
of it playing right now. Uh, we learned
some amazing things. Okay. Hey, uh,
Canada's EV import quota for China made
cars mostly benefits Tesla. Now before
we get into this I want to clarify of
the allotment the you know 24,500
what happens if the full allotment isn't
used
&gt;&gt; the remaining allotment that's not been
used will be added to a future allotment
so you don't they don't lose them they
it just gets pushed forward into another
time frame
&gt;&gt; even better now I saw concerns early on
they said this is unfair unless they
divide it up between the manufacturers
Tesla's going to take all of it, but no
one's taken all of it. Is that right?
&gt;&gt; That's correct. So, they were only able
to all lot a little bit over half uh for
the first year.
&gt;&gt; So, the first half. Yeah. First half
year.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. The agreement is limited to one
year and divided into two time windows.
24,500 to be imported. Now, uh why is
Tesla the real winner? I thought Tesla's
not a Chinese company. Tesla's surely an
American company, right?
&gt;&gt; Well, on the surface maybe, but it is
also a Chinese company and a German
company as well. Um, so there are
different factories built and those uh
since they're using those workers and
the factory is physically located in
China. Therefore, it is a Chinese
company.
&gt;&gt; Yes, it's not a question of where you're
headquartered or where you're based, but
where the car is manufactured. That's
the important part and that will come up
again in this the next article. Doug
Ford sounds alarm on Stalantis talks on
Chinese EVs. Now wait, I thought Doug
Ford was all for uh Stellantis putting
up a plant in Canada. Is he not
supporting that? He
&gt;&gt; is. uh and he would like the Stellantis
plant to still be in operation which it
was shut down by Stalantis and that's
why they have been ex looking for other
possibilities of what they could use
this plant for and uh it turns out that
they've been talking or discussing the
possibility of Stalantis maybe
manufacturing another car based in China
in Canada.
&gt;&gt; So what he's saying is we don't want
knockdown kits. We don't want you to
bring a finished car in pieces for us to
assemble.
We want you to bring the plant and let
us actually Canada has uh a wealth of
suppliers, a wealth of trained,
experienced manufacturing experts in all
levels of automotive. What he's saying
is, yeah, bring a plant here, but don't
bring a knockdown plant.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, they they want to use the workers
that are here. They want to use the
parts that are here and of course the
supporting cast that helps build any
vehicle at a plant. Ontario is set up
for this and it could do it tomorrow. Uh
but if you're just bringing a kit,
nobody wants that because it doesn't
help the overall economy.
&gt;&gt; No, those are much lowerkilled jobs. Uh
we want the good jobs. When I say we, I
mean North Americans. Uh, inside the EV
battery recovery program, how it works.
Wait a minute. Recycling. What's this
about?
&gt;&gt; Yes. Um, of course, EV batteries uh are
highly recyclable. And of course, many
firms have known this from the beginning
and have set up little networks that
they could get the EV batteries back
after end of use of, you know, 15 years
or so. uh that they they start to get
recycled. But uh they wanted to put
together obviously something that worked
nationwide. It didn't matter what side
of the country you were in. You were
able to uh get involved with the network
so that the battery can be sent from
either side of the country. Didn't
matter where. Go through the same
procedure, get that battery back into a
recycler. And that's uh why 31 different
vehicle manufacturers got together and
and put this uh plan together so that
everyone could get those batteries back
in a uniform way.
&gt;&gt; Great. Because these are valuable
materials. Uh let's make it let's make
it official.
&gt;&gt; Yep. Make it easy.
&gt;&gt; Make it easy. Now, we mentioned earlier
that Tesla's getting the lion's share of
the imports today, and that's largely
because the other manufacturers don't
have a ground presence in Canada. Some
of them are working on it. BYD, of
course, no surprise, launches Canadian
website as US TV,
there's no no fanfare to it. It just
showed up one day and uh people of
course watching because they assumed
this would happen at some point
discovered the website came up and it's
basically a coming soon website. Uh no
real uh identification as to when uh
what models will be involved, what kind
of pricing is going to be involved, how
to order. It's just basically a coming
soon placeholder that's been put on the
web. What the site does not say, no
Canadian lineup is named. Safety section
uh the let's see safety section lists
BYD's global crash test performance for
SEAL, Sea Line 7, Dolphin, ATO3, Han,
and Tang across NCAAP, uh CN, NCAP, and
ANCAP uh five-star, but that's kind of
it. Uh so yeah, they are considering uh
20 branded dealerships in all of the
obvious places. Yeah.
&gt;&gt; In the 20 places you would guess.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. So that's pretty interesting. Uh
China's Cherry uh Cherry aims to sell
cars in Canada as early as late 2026.
Now, so BYD is not the only one. There's
others. Uh Cherry is one of them. And
you know, Cherry makes JCO and other
other cars. This is uh you know,
possible. They've been seen on roads
testing as I understand. Is that right?
&gt;&gt; Correct.
&gt;&gt; Yep. They've been spotted around as
other manufacturers have been spotted
too. So, we're still kind of left
guessing here in Canada as to what the
real Chinese vehicles that we never
really see on the roads here, which ones
they will be. Uh, obviously, we've seen
Tesla and and some others, Polestar,
that are produced in China already, but
these new entries are we're still
waiting to see who's actually going to
show up first. Mhm.
&gt;&gt; Now, uh yeah, by the way, uh do you know
the names of any of the other brands off
the top of your head?
&gt;&gt; Off the top of No, I do not.
&gt;&gt; Did you know? Uh so, uh Xiaoang is one
that's considering it. I think Xiaomi
might be one that's considering it. And
Dongfang, that's right. Chinese
automaker Dongfang aiming to enter
Canadian market. Displays six models in
Montreal.
&gt;&gt; Yep. down at the port. They uh they set
up a little outdoor display and uh put
the vehicles in place and uh were
talking to people that would come by.
&gt;&gt; Now, I think it's interesting. I I made
a prediction that was incorrect. My
prediction was that if Dongfang came to
an English-speaking country, they would
change the name. Um because I don't know
what it means in Chinese, but in
English, I assume it's those fangs
[laughter] right there. Uh, by the way,
hey, you guys can subscribe. Mark and I
are in this picture somewhere according
to Brock. I do not know where. I did
look. I could not find. And I can make
it bigger, but not much. And it doesn't
help. So,
&gt;&gt; so if you find us, let us know where we
are.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. And this sign in the back, of
course, says Marting. So, that means
something. I like how this Waldo is 14
feet tall. Uh, so that's a thing of
terror. Uh, so yeah, Dongfang, that's
great. Hey, uh, why Canada's EV market
is still struggling to bounce back
despite the return of rebates. This is
the one that I said I think you need to
set us straight on. um despite despite a
growing slave.
&gt;&gt; It's kind of confusing because I'm not
sure if it's old information, although
the data the article is recent, but the
information they're sharing does not
seem to reflect what Stats Canada is
actually saying is happening. And
&gt;&gt; why don't we why don't we look at
something else then? Rebate sparks
strong Canadian EV sales with record
highs in Ontario, but a move by Ottawa
could slow the gains. Yeah, this is more
of uh what I understand is happening.
So, the first article is questionable as
to where they got their information. The
second article is more closer to what
I'm hearing on the ground here. After
pledging to continue Canada's legacy as
an auto nation, where EVs are the
future, Prime Minister Marky has
received a clear signal from Canadians
they're ready to put the electric
vehicle market back in gear. Could you
mix your meta worse? return of the
federal rebate has sparked new electric
sales demand and I mean the numbers are
strong right?
&gt;&gt; Yeah, they have been ever since the
beginning of 2026.
&gt;&gt; Now we can go one step more factual for
those of you who enjoy fact-based
reporting. This is from the government
of Canada uh also known as the
government do Canada uh Canada's
electric vehicle EV dashboard. Uh on
here what we're seeing is bigger
adoption aren't we? Correct. If you go
down a little bit further, there's a
graph that shows
right there.
&gt;&gt; Yes. I was I was using the scroll wheel.
[laughter] It really likes to zoom.
&gt;&gt; Yes.
&gt;&gt; But you've got the new light duty EV
market share broken up in years. You can
see in 2025 there was a bit of a dip and
that was because the EV um credit uh was
taken away uh quite unceremoniously
quickly and [clears throat] sales of EVs
dropped uh at the beginning of 2026.
You'll see that we're starting to climb
the ladder again. Uh the EV uh $5,000
rebate is back in play.
&gt;&gt; Very good. And you can see that these
numbers are uh this is only part of the
year. This is does not include Q4 and
which is a seasonally strong quarter for
automotive sales or Q3 all of Q3 there's
part of Q3 in here
&gt;&gt; basically half year missing from this
chart
&gt;&gt; in terms of volume very possibly so so
uh yeah and if you really want to go
down you can break it all the way down.
Uh, so good news.
&gt;&gt; And actually, just just to to let people
know, the the province of British
Columbia is leading Canada in EV
adoption, the province of Quebec is
second and Ontario is third.
&gt;&gt; Okay, look at that. Yeah. And, uh,
having been to British Columbia, though
not probably in a year or so, um, yeah,
EVs have a strong presence. And then, of
course, we've got,
uh, Art Carney doing his thing here
again. Canada moves to scrap EV sales
mandate. And yes, it was a joke. Uh but
that's not the important part. Canada
moves to scrap EV sales mandate. Uh
they're pushing it back. Huh.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. They looked at the previous um I
guess sales incentive that we had out
there. It was kind of a stick and carrot
type thing where they were asking the
manufacturers to pro produce more and
more EVs certain percentage marks uh
percentage amounts. And what uh the new
uh government has decided to do is roll
that back and say you know what we'll
put the EV rebate back in place. We will
ask uh people to uh vote with their
wallets. If you want an EV, it's going
to be available. You can pick from the
rebates that are out there and get your
EV and we'll just watch the numbers from
the outside.
&gt;&gt; I mean, it's frustrating to me to see
Canada and a number of others um rolling
back. The unfortunate thing for those
manufacturers who've been pushing so
aggressively for delays on the EV
mandate is that uh other companies are
not slowing down in the US. Of course,
Tesla's not slowing down. Tesla sales in
the US are going very strong and that's
before the release of the Y, which I'm
confident will also be a very strong
seller. Um, if you're seeing this, it's
probably Wednesday, Thursday, tomorrow,
I will be at the Oregon Electric Vehicle
Association meetup, oeva.org.
where we will be um meeting up at the
Tesla Tiger location to see the Y L in
person. Uh it is uh there will be a
presentation by one of the employees and
by me to set it straight uh because uh
you know that's what I do. And uh yeah,
so come check it out if you're anywhere
near Portland. Tiger location uh
Thursday, tomorrow, you got to do it. So
that'll be a lot of fun.
&gt;&gt; Now, what I will say is that is that
Tesla obviously has had strong sales in
Canada this past half year plus. Uh but
other EV manufacturers that have gotten
into the game like Kia are also strong
in the sales of EVs and have been
pushing even though there is no mandate.
They're they're actually pushing on
their own which is great to see.
&gt;&gt; They understand it's the future. They
wish to remain an international a global
brand. They know they can't do it with
dyno burners alone. I need some good
news to close this out. Mark, can you
suggest something? Gap between EV and
ICE vehicle repair costs narrows to
record low in Canada. They cost more
when they were new and experimental and
the parts were expensive, but they're
becoming more common.
&gt;&gt; What's going on? with commonality uh in
the marketplace, parts start to drop
because you have more people that are
producing them, more uh even third-party
manufacturers getting involved with it
that you've got uh extra parts available
and different selections you can buy the
parts from. So, it becomes uh a cheaper
way of uh getting it out to the public
and that lowers the price for everybody.
&gt;&gt; Very cool, you guys. Uh, I know I've
said this once or twice, but I'll say it
again. You can subscribe to both of us.
It's free. Uh, especially check out
Mark. He's less than 10 short of his
objective of hitting 10,000. 10. Just
10. Subscribe. Go over there. Subscribe.
Link in the description for crying out
loud. The Tesla Life does fun stuff. Uh,
if you're not rewarding him, that means
I have to send him my flight snacks.
[laughter]
Means I need to give him my uh my Qatar
Airways uh uh travel kit.
&gt;&gt; Yummy.
&gt;&gt; He gave me [laughter]
&gt;&gt; It has toothpaste. You're not supposed
to eat it, but you can. [laughter]
&gt;&gt; Guys, what did we miss? What do we
misunderstand? Leave it in them comments
below. Everyone else, like, subscribe,
and stay tuned. Stay juicy and I cannot
wait to hear from you clever robots
until tomorrow when I see you in Tiger,
Oregon at the Tesla showroom to check
out the Y L. Yeah.