Channel:     brighterwithherbert
Title:       Three Robotaxi Leaders Just Changed The Game
URL:         https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dJWS8DWxrFY
Published:   2026-06-02 13:30 UTC
Fetched:     2026-06-02 14:00 UTC

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

The three leaders in the robo taxi race,
Tesla, Whimo, and BYD, all just made
major moves. First, it's been discovered
that Tesla is building a 51,000t service
and delivery center in Grand Prairie,
Texas. The city documents show this
facility can be used for charging,
cleaning, repair, and maintenance of
Tesla owned autonomous vehicles. This is
now the fourth such facility discovered,
three in Texas and one in Las Vegas.
Second, Whimo is now launching public
rides in its new Ohigh Robo Taxi. This
van built by Chinese automaker Zeer is
imported to the US and then retrofitted
at Whimo's Arizona facility with its
sixthg gen hardware. This hardware has
42% fewer sensors than previous
generations but still includes 13
cameras and four lidars. Cost is
projected to be 75 to 100,000 per
vehicle, half the cost of the current
fleet. Finally, in an industry first,
Chinese automaker BYD just announced
they will offer full damage coverage for
owners using their God's Eye level two
self-driving system in China. BYD is
offering one free full year of 100%
damage coverage. This is the first time
an automaker has ever provided damage
reimbursement for an advanced driving
system. But the question is, why are
they doing this? Well, it's because
there have been multiple user complaints
about unintended acceleration, erratic
steering behavior, and more. Today we
have Jeff Lus joining us. He's an
ex-supply chain sea level executive from
Motorola, Google, and Lenovo. He's
currently running his own consulting
firm serving mega cap tech in supply
chain design and manufacturing. Welcome,
Jeff.
&gt;&gt; Hey, Bert. Be great to go through these
topics. There's some interesting tidbits
I'll overlay.
&gt;&gt; Okay. Yeah, we got movement by Whimo in
by and by. Yeah. But first, big ones
from Tesla. So, we keep discovering,
it's like almost weekly, a new massive
uh facility that is specifically for
Tesla's robo taxi fleet. This one is a
new 51,000t service and delivery center
in Grand Prairie, Texas. There, this is
right in between Fort Worth and Dallas.
And this is like the second one in
Dallas that was discovered. Another one
was 36,000 square foot. And then if you
add the Austin one, that would be three
in Texas. I've this Spencer visited the
site in the city's SU amendment says the
facility may be used for charging,
cleaning, repair, and maintenance of
Tesla owned autonomous vehicles. The
documents identify the project as a
service and delivery center, but the
approved use also makes it a potential
support location for Tesla's robo taxi
fleet in Dallas Fort Worth. Let's listen
to him explain. Hey, hey. Welcome to the
future home of a new service center here
in Grand Prairie, Texas, which is a
suburb of DFW, kind of on the south uh
end of that. What is most interesting
though is not just that it's going to be
a 50,000 square foot uh service and
delivery center, but also there are
provisions for autonomous vehicle fleet
management. Um there are notices to the
city asking or amendments uh from the
city asking for specifically autonomous
vehicle uh fleet management here. Not
for storage, just for charging and
maintenance. Um but really interesting
find uh here in Grand Prairie, Texas,
but it is currently under construction.
I will flip around and you will be able
to see it is under construction. This is
right off of Interstate 20. This is
between Dallas and Fort Worth, so a
great location. Uh, it also won't be too
terribly far from the Dallas Cowboys
Stadium, which is actually going to be
where the World Cup games are going to
be. However, this will not be open in
time for the World Cup, but maybe future
events at the Cowboys Stadium or the
Texas Rangers, other events uh within
the city of Arlington as this is quite
close to that. So, anyway, quick site
overview and super excited to find these
permits and I will share them with you
guys. Thanks everyone. Okay, that uh
this is the location
and then um this is the information that
he found. What do you what do you think
about all this, Jeeoff?
&gt;&gt; I know the area. Well, I put up a
factory in that area and
there's a lot of actual distribution in
the Dallas Fort Worth area, too, and and
manufacturing. So, it's it's a good
location. Service and delivery and then
autonomous fleet. So, this is great that
Tesla's combining these things because
you're going to get great utilization
out of the site, great utilization out
of the out of the technicians
uh and the labor on the site. So, this
is a great thing for for Tesla to do and
I can see them putting up other sites
where it's these combo facilities as
well and that will be good for the brand
again, good good for for the asset and
labor utilization. So, they're getting
ready. This is all this stuff that's
happening in the background. This is all
the work you have to do when you're not
again you're not trying to replicate
uh Uber or some of these other small
you're trying to go really really big
with the roll out of of cyber cab. So
Tesla's telling you I would say they're
telegraphing. I mean this stuff is just
all out there in the public domain. You
just have to be able to put two and two
together and know that this is what
they're they're bu investing for and
building towards.
&gt;&gt; So this is 51,000 square foot. So it
sounds like it's a service and delivery
first and then maybe add in the cleaning
whereas the other ones we found were
36,000 foot that are seems to be very
specifically to cleaning and charging
and robo taxi fleet. So it could be that
this suggests that as they expand they
might expand here too.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. How how many do you think that
they'll have to do um per city? Because
this looks like I mean thing about Tesla
is it's Austin, Dallas, Houston, San
Antonio. So, they're going to be many,
but how many?
&gt;&gt; Well, I think I think what they'll do is
they'll expand service and delivery.
Remember, they have a lot of service and
delivery centers all across. And they
keep adding them. I had like three of
them added near, you know, within
&gt;&gt; an hour of me just recently. So, they'll
just keep adding them. And what they'll
do is they'll either turn them into a
combo site where they'll be able to
service the autonomous fleet uh or
they'll build a new one. In this case,
they built a new one. So, I think Tesla
sees the demand for their vehicles,
whether it's for ride share or it's for
personal use vehicles growing. There's
no other reason you do this.
&gt;&gt; I have a uh I'm curious how you think
about this. Joe, I'm going to be talking
to Joe Bacti and he has this theory. His
theory is that with the World Cup coming
to the US, I think spread over multiple
days, but most like let's say Dallas is
going to be in July 15th or something
like that. He thinks that that's when
they're going to roll out CyberCap. So
that means that they'll roll out
CyberCab in Austin prior to that and
then have it available there. What's
your guess on that? He's he has high
conviction on this thesis. Well, if it
you'd have to see it in practice
prior to that and getting a lot of good
solid runs with employees, then a
trusted group of people that I'm
assuming they would they would label the
apps so certain people can start calling
cyber cabs and making sure that they get
all the kinks out of the system because
then once you put it on a world stage
like that, you want it to be perfect.
And Tesla's done a really good job here.
We give them a hard time and a lot of us
are impatient, myself included, but
they're doing a very good job of making
this a very high quality robot roll out
and robot. No one will remember, you
know, it was it was it was 40 on this
date versus it was, you know, 80 or
whatever. I don't think people are going
to remember that. People are going to
remember was it safe and did it work?
And so with these cyber cabs, they've
got these these doors that flip open.
There's a number of things that could go
wrong. You want to work through all of
these kinks. What's nice is
for the foreseeable future, Tesla's
selling these to themselves. So they're
going to be under their own maintenance,
their own eye, their own care, and
they'll be able to resolve issues. So
Joe may be right. I I But you'd have to
see a lot of them put into service this
month.
&gt;&gt; I'm not betting on it. I'm going to go
against them. I just think that uh you
know it's tempting but it needs to be
really u carefully rolled out. This is
the flagship project product for Tesla's
robo taxi. It's got to be perfect and uh
they're still testing it now. I don't
think that you know it's tempting. You
know, you got this world stage. It's
here. You you might throw out a couple
but you're not going to go do a full
service just because unless they're
ready, which we'll see. Not sure. Um,
interesting. Okay. So, we 51,000 foot
service and delivery center that could
be used for robo taxi as well. Thank you
for that.
&gt;&gt; The only thing I will add to that is
Tesla would not have done gone to start
of production unless these reliability
and and convenience hardware issues have
been worked out. So, I actually think
the hardware for Cyber Cap is ready. You
don't make that commitment to go into
production, commit all that capital, use
all that raw material, use all that
production time if you don't think that
it's going to pass your reliability and
quality standards. So, I actually think
it's ready. I think it's just a matter
of is where's that magical software
release that has these edge cases
resolved because if if you want to do a
big roll out for World Cup, you want a
lot of them available. So if there is an
issue with them in congestion or working
together or you don't want that to play
out on, you know, the world stage like
that, you'd want those things resolved.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. My position is that they they are
testing FSD still and they need a lot
more months worth of data before they
can roll it out as a standalone. Maybe
one or two, but not um more than that.
And that's why they're pumping these
out. They're going to get thousand of
them or more. and then miles miles
driven and then they're ready. Okay. So,
Whimo, Whimo's out there and they're
they've been delivering. They've got I
think you said 3,700 cars. We saw that
in the recent filing. And um this is the
new vehicle that they're launching now.
It's going to replace the I the Jaguar
Ipace. This is a Zeer um van that
they've outfitted
and uh it's called Ohhigh. Good looking
vehicle. still has all the warts and all
that they have to add to it. It's called
Ohhigh and uh it has the nextG hardware
which is 13 cameras, six radars, four
liars
and uh heaters, wipers and sprayers for
sensors to keep them clean. This is
built by Chinese automaker Zeer. It's
important to the US and then the sixth
gen hardware is retrofitted at Whimo's
facility in Arizona. And then Whimo will
also be adding the Hyundai Ionic 5 robo
taxis to it fleet soon. Those cars look
great, but uh this one is now available
for public rides. Uh they're going to
select riders in San Fran, Phoenix, and
Los Angeles. Will the have the option to
take free rides in now high will
gradually open it up to more riders.
And uh over the coming months, including
Denver, Las Vegas, and San Diego. And
with a low step and a completely flat
floor, making it easier to get in and
out, the space opens up like a living
room on wheels. Three large LED screens
offer a ride that is yours to customize
from temperature to tunes.
So, I like I do like that it's a van.
And uh Barely AI says that the cost of
each of these vehicles is now just 75 to
100,000 even after tariffs. Even after
because this is being built by Chinese
company, they bring it in, import it,
but even after tariffs is just 7500,000.
He says the current fleet with the
Jaguar is 200,000 per car. This has few
42% fewer sensors and yet it still has
13 cameras, four lidars versus the
Jaguar IPAC with 29 cameras, five
lidars. So, um yeah, then they plan to
have a thousand of these on the road by
year end, 100 out right now. Yeah.
&gt;&gt; Uh there's a lot to unpack here. Um let
me try to just get to the key the key
points. These purpose-built robo taxis
to me are interesting because you have
to think through the unit economics of
these things. So Tesla puts a Model Y on
the road that they build 1.3 million of
a year. The tooling is essentially
mostly depreciated
and or you know well on its way. You
have a huge volume base to divide into.
Remember the tooling to build these
vehicles is massive. You're buying a lot
of tooling, both your suppliers, the
supply base and is in in the factory. So
now you've got a purpose-built robo
taxi. What did Tesla do? Said we're
going to do this cyber cab or we're
going to do hundreds of thousands,
millions maybe per year. So again, it's
going to be this big base of volume
you're dividing into for your fixed cost
utilization and your capex.
This is the capital equipment, the
suppliers and the you have to buy for
your own factories. So now you have this
oha you have this this is hope to get a
thousand by the end of the year. These
numbers that people are quoting they're
going into AI or they're going into
whatever and trying to estimate what
they are.
There's no doubt in my mind that
components could have been selected and
this could this could be a you know a 35
$40,000 vehicle in China to build and
then it comes here on tariffs and it it
gets up to these levels and then they've
got to remanufacture
it again in Arizona. So you have to
think through that landed cost to get
onto the streets and take rides. it's
probably going to be higher. And then if
the volumes don't come in, so if the
volumes if if if Zeke doesn't find
another customer for these in China, and
maybe they did, and and and maybe this
is how the economics here work, if
there's not a big volume base to divide
into, the actual costs are are much
higher. So what they could be quoted at
today and what Whimo could be writing a
purchase order for for is one thing, but
if these minimum volume commits are not
met, they're going to have to they are
and I there's no this is all none of
this is um
this is just spe pure speculation. But
any any company that buys something
with a certain volume commitment in
mind, if they don't meet that volume
commitment, sometimes the the supplier
or the manufacturer comes back and says,
"All right, you have to write me a
separate check then for for my capex cuz
I did my capex just for you, just for
your vehicle." So, just know that like
this vehicle could have a price or any
vehicle could have a price. the but if
the if the volume doesn't come in
there's separate checks that are written
and this happens not only in the auto
industry it happens in any industry
that's building a product so I'm a
little wary of these very small volume
platforms that are only in the very low
number of thousands I'm hoping that you
know they can get many hundreds of
thousands of these because then the cost
will probably really work but if they
don't all I'm saying is like that's the
best case price. If the if if the
volumes don't come in, the actual price,
the total all-in price could be much
much higher. Jaguar was a was a vehicle
that was sold. It was a vehicle platform
sold as a as a vehicle to consumers. So,
it had a base of tooling.
It may have been end of life by the time
I don't know when when Google bought it.
I don't know if it was end of life or
not. But the point is is you had a
vehicle, you had a tooling plan, you had
other usage and other outlets for it
here. I don't know what I don't know
what Zeke where where they're shipping.
So anyway, just something to keep in
mind in the economics.
&gt;&gt; I'm I'm just I scratched my head. I
still don't understand their strategy
because a van makes sense. Okay. But
what how many do you need, right? You
need a Model Y. Uh you most ride 90% of
rides are two people or less. Then you
have less than 10% of rides are three or
more. Do you need a van? Cost is high,
but I guess it's Chinese-made, imported.
So, maybe they somehow figure that out.
And I still don't understand the the
logic of the van because I get that. I
do love the And I'll show you the doors
how they open. It's fantastic. Easy in
and out, but it's still kind of
configured like a van. Like, if one if
these thing can flip over, flip around,
then great. But you I don't think you
can pass it yet unless you prove crash
safety. But imagine if you can truly
make this into a maybe that is the plan
in the future. Those things turn around
and you can have a real living room.
Then that could be interesting. Um let's
listen to CNBC and see what they found
out about this car.
&gt;&gt; Calls its sixth generation driver, the
hardware and software system that
actually does the driving. Combine that
lowerc cost Chinese hardware with this
new interior tech, which the company
says was designed to cut sensor cost
while improving performance, and the
math starts to move in Whimo's favor in
a way that it hadn't previously. Now,
the last system running in the Jaguar
fleet had significantly more sensors.
The new one uses 13 cameras, four LAR,
and six radars, and Whimo says it
performs better. The company switched to
17 megapixel cameras. A major jump from
the previous specs. Higher resolution
means the system can see more with fewer
cameras. They slashed the total sensor
count by more than 40%. So cost is down
and capabilities are up. The new system
also builds heaters, wipers, and
sprayers into the sensor pods directly,
which helps them clear snow, ice, and
road grime.
&gt;&gt; It really improves our capabilities to
drive in even snowier weather. So, our
fifth generation driver is capable of
driving in snow, but this goes a step
further than that.
&gt;&gt; Weather has also been a real safety test
for the company. Whimo recently issued a
voluntary software recall covering
nearly 3,800 fifth and sixth gen robo
taxis after some vehicles drove into
standing water or flooded roads. The fix
was a software update meant to keep the
system from navigating into dangerous
flood conditions. And Whimo is still
finding other issues as it expands, like
temporarily pausing freeway rides after
spotting a problem around construction
zones.
&gt;&gt; We uh encounter on a daily basis about
10,000 construction zones a day. We
discovered a couple opportunities
recently where we could make some
refinements to how we do that on a
freeway. And so we decided again with
safety sort of being the most important
thing for us to um pause the service on
the freeway and to make those changes so
that we can get back up and running
quickly.
&gt;&gt; All right. So they have some real
problems with what they're doing. Um you
know the I think that they'll be
successful. I'm not I'm not going to I'm
very happy of Whimo. I'm just saying
that people have said this is their
sixth generation of sensor hardware and
they said oh this why why you know lidar
will get cheaper but it also gets
smaller and look how massive it still is
these things are huge you think by now
that they would have reduced this um
&gt;&gt; well they are they are reducing the cost
of the sensor suite and
uh but it's the whole cost per mile
thing that has to come into play and
that's why I question the the cost of
this vehicle and and is Is Zeke eating
it? Somebody's got to be eating it. Um,
if they don't if they don't achieve the
volumes, but I think you have to hand
it. I mean, I think they're being
&gt;&gt; good stewards of
&gt;&gt; of the self-driving realm. I think
they're leading in in areas and they're
I think they're doing
&gt;&gt; a pretty good job given what they have.
But you I still have to question and I
still question the financial media that
they don't like there's not a more of a
like an in-your-face conversation about
the economics of this. We're in 6 years
now of this service and there's just not
even a discussion. It's just like look
at the bright shiny vehicles and they've
reduced the number of sensors but what
is the cost per mile and what are the
economics of the business? It's just a
complete
um it's a complete mystery and I I don't
understand why
uh the financial media isn't more
curious across all of them by the way
too. Um because I I think if they are
it'll I think it'll really push the
industry as well into a good place which
is in order for this to scale the
economics have got to be there. So I I
still I commend Whimo for you know
they're kind of leading the charge
getting approval in all these cities. I
do think they are taking the cost the
landed cost of the vehicle down. The
question is is it fast enough and and
and what when are they going to be
profitable?
&gt;&gt; The latest data we saw was they're
losing 5 to6 billion and I think the
calculation is they're losing $100 per
ride per ride. So, if you use this new
vehicle, I don't know to what extent
this is, you know, per you can turn into
a per ride thing cuz it's R&amp;D and so
forth, but um still doesn't sound like
they're going to get there. Yeah,
economics, that's the most important
thing. Uh but okay, they've got that new
vehicle, sixth generation, looks great.
Um I I think it's going to be great car,
great vehicle. And then I'm looking
forward to the Hyundai one because that
one is going to is that one is really
looking sleek. Just beautiful. I hope
that that one works because that thing I
think is made in the US. So, I'll be
curious to see how they the price point
of that one.
&gt;&gt; Okay.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; Uh BYD.
&gt;&gt; So, some people think BYD is one of the
biggest leaders. Um they're not, but
they are. They've got the they have a
potential to become the leader because
they have um so many cars that they sell
that they now have added camera suit.
That's step one. And if you have enough
cars sold with enough cameras and liars
and others, then you're able to track
the data and then eventually beat the
others who have small numbers. And but
they've been having real issues uh
complaints from people and I'll cover
that. But in the meantime, this is a
industry first. The first thing that um
no one's ever done this before, BYD
announced that they will offer full
damage coverage for owners using their
God's Eye level two urban um navigation
on assistance I guess uh system in
China. BYD is providing one free full
year of 100% damage coverage, vehicle
repairs, thirdparty property damage,
personal injury liabilities with no
payout cap at no extra cost as long as
the system is used properly and in
compliance with traffic regulations in
China. They're also fully guaranteeing
coverage. They were doing this already
for parking for their intelligent
parking system. They already doing that
before. Now they added it to the full
thing. This is the first time an
automaker has ever provided damage
reimbursement for an advanced driving
system.
Uh this is what they're planning to do.
Now why are they doing this? Well,
there's several things are happening in
China right now. Um autonomous vehicles
and robo taxis are are struggling in
China right now. Recently in the last 3
to 6 months, there's been major issues
for BYD specifically. There's lots of
complaints about their god's eye sales
dropped 36%.
So there was uh users reporting
unintended acceleration, erratic
steering behavior and navigation
failures in real world conditions. So
this is u something they're they're kind
of like trying to deal with these user
complaints. And so they felt that they
had to do this. And in China in general,
there was massive issues with uh BYU
like hundreds of cars just automatically
stopped just like similar to what
happened with Whimo in San Francisco
where if there's a power outage these
cars can't move and that caused a lot of
havoc and then recently there's been one
accident after another. And this one
here says a fatal crash involving a
Xiaomi SU7 using assisted driving killed
three people after the vehicle struck a
highway structure and caught fire.
Chinese regulators then began
scrutinizing how automakers market
driver assistance systems. After that,
China moved to restrict terms like
autonomous driving and smart driving.
And that's why even even Tesla does no
longer cannot call it full self-driving
anymore. Regulators drafted stricter
level two ADA safety rules. Automakers
face pressure to reduce exaggerated
marking claims. The broader crackdown
affected BYD, Tesla, Xiaomi, Xiaoang,
Neo, and everyone else. And so because
of that, you know, I guess BYD made this
move. Before I explain a little bit more
details of what this was, uh, what's
your reaction to this, Jeeoff?
&gt;&gt; I mean, my experience of driving in
China is it's extremely unsafe, much
more unsafe than Western European and
and and in the US. And there's we know
that there's countless safety issues in
the US, both of of really serious injury
and death um with with
vehicle accidents and just my experience
it's worse and it's un a lot of it's
unreported in China but it's good good
for them to see that I think I think uh
you know BYD and God's I think maybe God
is starting to look down on and say hey
you're giving me a bad name BYD better
start covering
uh damages uh it's not good if and this
is what Tesla is trying to avoid in
their roll out is they're they're trying
to avoid avoid this, you know, this bad
PR. Anything bad that happens in a
Tesla, it already gets some sort of
accelerated
uh exponential
uh kind of crowdsource PR around it
because of the name and what it attracts
and Elon. But Tesla's done a really good
job of avoiding all that. Even with that
magnifying glass, you take these
companies now, there's this halo around
a Chinese EV. So for this stuff to get
out there and to get reported it must be
really bad uh if it's being reported as
such. So everybody should shouldn't take
everything you shouldn't take it kind of
on its surface alone. for example, BYD
covering parts and repair and uh so
there is a confidence issue they're
trying to correct, but they also they
may have a lot of parts on hand as well
and like hey we have all this excess uh
material on hand, you know, we'll just
we're either going to scrap it or why
don't we just say we're going to cover
everything.
And I mean that's part of it. you saw
the labor component of of of a service
and repair event, which is a lot of it,
but if you cover the materials, that's a
big portion of it. So, just not
everything is what it seems. Don't judge
a book by its cover. But this I think
this is part of the growing pains of
putting autonomous systems out and the
calibration with regulators. But I also
think that there there must be something
really bad happening here because
&gt;&gt; the if any if any country wants to
really improve a situation, it would be
China and driving because it's it's it's
in my experience it's really bad now.
It's probably improved but
still really unsafe.
&gt;&gt; Let's take a look at some data here. So
they unveiled their new smart driving
solution God's Eye 5.0
uh and reve several technical details.
two key features, a safety net guarantee
for all models equipped with GAI5 and
the launch of a self-developed Schwanji
A3 chip. There are roughly 1.19 million
people die in traffic accidents globally
every year. Tens of million more are
injured. Our first goal is to die. Okay,
that's great.
So,
uh, this is the who pays when the BYD
crashes using assisted drive and, um,
it's a BYD
L3 liability on an L2 stack.
So, if you have if you're using their
software and it's on and an accident
occurs, the car judge responsible linked
to assisted driving would be ideal to
loss. The car is liable for full payout.
Okay, that's great. Um, let's take a
look at what this looks like.
Yeah.
Yeah. And again, it's
people have overestimated their ability
when they they don't yet can prove that
they are as good. I think the number two
is widely believed to be in China after
Tesla is Shiaong and after that could be
even Huawei and even Huawei had a major
problem. Many uh robo taxis have Huawei
built inside. Now BYDs like Toyota,
they're so big with so many cars that
you can't count them out, but they are
they are behind. So for anybody who
thinks that they are kind of way ahead
in terms of this, it's it's just not
true.
Yeah. And then and then to clarify,
there's a lot of people are not
realizing, but they have multiple
levels. A and B are lighter equipped
tiers. And then uh I think there's a
third level that's going to be vision
only. And that's only for a tiny little
group of cars, only the premium level.
And so they don't have to, it's not the
one that they're doing mass out there.
Most of them are LAR based. Do you think
that other car makers will follow suit
now that BYD has done this? Yeah, I
think they will. I think it'll it'll
become table stakes if you when you do
stuff like this. So,
but I mean this is there's a set of
equations to support the economics for
this. So, they must be confident in
their newer software and what they're
putting out there uh to cover something
like this. And they must have an issue
with competence as well and adoption. So
this is I this is probably a smart move
overall. I don't think we should put a
total like negative lens over this if it
helps them drive adoption and increase
confidence and they've got the data to
support it. Hopefully you hope it's that
and you hope it's not hey we're going to
cover it and then we're not really going
to cover it like we're going to look at
the data and say you were at fault
&gt;&gt; and not cover it. So um but yeah
&gt;&gt; you think Tesla will need to do this? So
the uh so a couple things. So first of
all, Tesla as we know sells full
self-driving to customers and they're
now switched to a monthly subscription
for that FSD supervised
uh shop they decided brilliantly to
offer for free to all cars and they have
they have volume. They can sell a couple
hundred thousand of their cars and they
need they're doing that because they've
gone neural net only vision only and
they've got supercomputers and their own
chips. They're following Tesla 2 to the
T which is perfect. And then they said
that in fact their CEO was just out last
week saying that we are not going to use
LiDAR anymore. We've dumped that and
it's all in now. So they're about a
couple year a year or couple years
behind Tesla. But the way to do catch up
they say is I need data. In order to do
that let's get a couple hundred thousand
cars get that billion of miles that we
need to catch all the edge cases. So
that's brilliant offering it for free.
Now you got BYD who's got the cars.
We've got the data, but they're not.
They don't have neural nets. They don't
have uh vision only. And then now
they're still doing the LAR. And I think
they're doing that. Why do people do
LAR? So that they can get the car out.
They can claim that they've got some
sort of assisted driving. They got lots
of issues. As you saw with Whimo,
there's still issues with they don't
have an intelligent brain. So it doesn't
solve anything. But it kind of like lets
you drive around from one part of the
city to another part and claim that
you've got it. I think that that's what
but they're going to offer this
insurance for free. So what then does
that do to Tesla? Are they going to now
have to reduce the price of FSD if
Xiaopang is offering it for free? And
then are they now going to have to
introduce insurance if BYD is offering
it for free?
&gt;&gt; I think Tesla will assess these
competitive dynamics. They'll look at
the sales. Remember, the one thing
that's
counter to all this or in Tesla's favor
is their brand. And at their price tier,
they're out selling everyone for a
reason. People are choosing a Tesla.
&gt;&gt; So, I think people are going to look at
kind of US AI leadership. They see the
videos. a lot of the things that are
posted out there, some of the stuff
that's allowed I would say in China, not
everything is allowed, but um it'll I
think Tesla will have to play this by
ear, but it's possible, Herbert, that
they will have to do elements of this.
We'll see.
&gt;&gt; Mhm. What about in the US, Jeeoff, as we
move towards unsupervised FSAs? you you
have you famously have started using
13.3 and you've been testing it, putting
it to its
&gt;&gt; you know test and you've been saying boy
they've removed that nag.
&gt;&gt; Now they're not calling it unsupervised.
It's still supervised FSD but you can
test it and you're going to like look
away. You've been using your phone just
to see what would happen and it's like
longer and longer where they're letting
you do this. At some point they will
feel comfortable and say we will cover
insurance. These guys are doing it for
level two, a level three insurance for
level two. Tesla's gonna get there. What
do you think that when how's that work
when the cuz when they claim that it's
unsupervised, won't they have to now
cover the insurance for that?
&gt;&gt; I think they will. And I think it's
going to be organic and they may launch
it in the in the areas and regions where
Tesla has their own insurance product
where they've been collecting all this
data in the background. Remember Tesla's
drowning in data and they sell an
insurance product and they have the I
think they took out the license or the
entity in China to be able to offer
something here soon if they're not
already. Um so I think Tesla will offer
this and I think they'll have the data
behind it and that will be the that will
be the you call this infinite money
glitch.
&gt;&gt; Mhm. when you know that you're not going
to be at fault in an accident, which is
why your insurance gets triggered and
your your insurance has to pay.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; When you've engineered and you've solved
that problem, you've created the
infinite money glitch where people still
will need to carry some policy for some
number of years or period of time, but
the policy will never have to yield.
They'll never have to uh be used because
you won't be at fault. I say never. It'
be infantestimally
um used. And yeah, there there's there's
insurance games like this. I I wouldn't
call this a game. I think Tesla's solved
the fundamental problem, but there's
things that happen in electronics
industry all the time where they're
trying to push these plans on. I I've
seen fully waterproofed mobile phones
and they're trying to sell plans for
people for water damage,
&gt;&gt; but they already know the data. Yeah.
&gt;&gt; Yes.
&gt;&gt; So, that's the thing. I think here's how
I think it's going to roll out. Number
one, like you just said, Tesla has the
data. So, if you have the data of
millions of cars driving around using
FSD, you know, already the data, you're
not going to be surprised. Uh,
especially with the latest versions of
FSD, you can see it improve or get worse
or whatever. You're tracking it. I think
they're going to offer unsupervised FSD
when they've got the data to prove that
they feel comfortable in the locations
like you said with the FSD they have the
insurance but also in the geographies
the geoence that is offered for robo
taxi if you are Tesla and you're
offering robo taxi in Austin Dallas and
Houston and certain geopence and you're
going hey I'm already comfortable doing
that why wouldn't you be comfortable
with somebody else doing it you'll just
it's just got really a robo taxi using
your car. They'll they'll probably let
you do that and then uh and then they'll
expand it from there as as it gets
better. But that's the most logical
thing. But they've got the data so they
know, right? They know what the cost is
um or the future cost would be the
chances of it happening. So it's
worthwhile. That would be a huge thing
when they start offering the insurance
for this big
&gt;&gt; time.
&gt;&gt; Wow. Okay. So you got Ohigh. Uh, I'd be
curious to see what happened to Hyundai.
You got um Tesla having more robo taxis.
I just I wonder when these guys will do
this too, right? When do we start
hearing more of these 50,000 square foot
facilities for Whimo? Maybe they're
doing it, but we just don't hear about
it, you know? I mean, they only have
3,700 cars.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, they they definitely have places
to go service their vehicles locally.
They probably do local small contracts,
but Tesla's obviously sizing this up for
significant
&gt;&gt; scale and that's the that's the work
that's happening in the background. I
know everybody's impatient. Everybody's
like, I they want to see thousands of
robo taxis out tomorrow. I mean, it's
happening. And Tesla wouldn't be
committing the capital if they didn't
see the progression in the models that
they're looking at and the data they're
taking internally. So, they they cut it
off. But um they're not and that's
that's a really good sign that they see
convergence in the near future.
&gt;&gt; Thank you Jeeoff. Follow him on his ex
account the Jeffoff lots. Thanks
everybody.
&gt;&gt; Thank you.
&gt;&gt; I've created a website that is the most
comprehensive resource for the Tesla
investor. Please check it out. Simply go
to my website at herbertalm.com.