Channel:     brighterwithherbert
Title:       This July Law Makes FSD Essential
URL:         https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FRjUqD0kdZ4
Published:   2026-05-05 18:27 UTC
Fetched:     2026-05-05 19:00 UTC

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

A number of important updates for Tesla
dropped today. First, Tesla's hiring
robo taxi field response specialists in
Dural, Florida, and Las Vegas, Nevada.
These are the same roles it hired in
Dallas and Houston ahead of the launch.
It's a good bet we'll likely see
unsupervised robo taxis in these
locations next. Second, the European
Commission just held a meeting where the
Dutch RDW shared results from 18 months
and 1 million miles of testing Tesla's
full self-driving with the EU countries.
This sets the stage for a vote to
approve FSE across the EU at the next
meeting either late June or early
October. As a hint of what's coming,
right after the meeting, the Minister of
Mobility for Flanders in Belgium, Anecd
Tesla to submit its FSA file to
fasttrack approval. The third, a little
known law is about to take effect in
Europe this July. Every new car
registered in the EU must include
mandatory driver monitoring systems.
Every car, not just Tesla, must have an
interior camera tracking eye movement,
head position, and distraction. This is
also coming to the US as Ford has
revealed patents around it. So, either
the car drives itself or you get strict
nags while driving. Finally, around 25
new cyber capabs were spotted at Giga
Texas, many being transported away. This
is a good sign Tesla's preparing cyber
cab entry into the robo taxi fleet. We
got Joe Bacti here with us. He's an
economist, investor, and tech
entrepreneur. He has a YouTube channel
covering both Tesla and AGI. Check out
his website and community at
pioneerlands.org.
Welcome, Joe.
&gt;&gt; Good to be back.
&gt;&gt; This is uh we've been following this and
hiring is often the best signal of
what's to come. Tessyota does a great
job doing this for us. He says, "I think
the next unsupervised robo taxi cities
are going to be Las Vegas and Miami
Doro." Why? Why Las Vegas and why Miami?
Because there is hiring. and it's for
robo taxi field response specialists
dayshift for Doro Florida and Las Vegas
Florida Nevada and he says that these
are the same roles it's staffed in
Dallas and Houston ahead of their launch
so he says a robo taxi service looks
imminent and these states could be next
what do you think
&gt;&gt; I think Tesla Yoda is a wise
man a wise Yoda
because that's exactly what It probably
is when you connect the dots. FSD is
ready. You know it best. You use it all
the time. But we also see the reviews. I
think 13 uh 14.3 was kind of an
important breakthrough because now we
have high iteration speed. The whole
thing is revamped. We know it works. We
know Roboaxi unsupervised is now scaling
on a small basis but fast in Austin, in
Houston and in Dallas with five and six
and whatever 23 or five in Austin.
So yes, we also see cyber cap continue
to scale. Cyber cap is turnurning out
what 10 15 20 per day. That's like 300
or something in a month. 300 plus these
cyber caps can't you know they have to
drive themselves and so they have to go
somewhere so if you connect the
readiness of FSD this mini scaling of
Austin Houston and Dallas the hiring you
just pointed out and the cyber caps
rolling off the well they're not rolling
off they're rolling off the unboxed
method line
then I think we can conclude something
is going to happen because it's already
happening So we know that Tesla has
systematically prepared a lot of states
and cities and there's a certain cadence
in what happens certain sequence in
these cities right first you have some
testing with model wise then you hire
some people for rubbo taxi but these
field operators of course are only
needed once you actually start deploying
them. So I agree I think something is
happening as we speak. Okay. And uh I
agree that we will likely see these two
cities as the next for unsupervised. And
because they launched it Dallas and
Houston unsupervised like they launched
it with a couple cars unsupervised right
away. I think that that will happen
sooner rather than later. But I wanted
to ask you about CyberCap. We'll talk
about Cyber Caps later in the segment.
The last segment we'll talk today. But
um I've been having this discussion this
debate with other with people. I I don't
believe that we're going to see cyber
cabab in the robo taxi anytime soon like
not in the next month as some people
think it's imminent and the reason is I
think that for cyber cabab right for
Model Y you had to have millions of
Model Y's out there me driving one and
then them Tesla grabbing that data and
and testing it and then they had flooded
Model Y's all over the Austin and other
cities before they launched it. CyberCap
is brand new. They'll need hundreds
maybe thousand of these cars out there
before they test it out. And uh so I
don't believe that they will include it
into the robo taxi service within I I
think maybe it could even be two or 3
months from now. But do you think it
could actually happen sooner than that?
&gt;&gt; I don't think there will be a major gap
between the FSD technology of model Y
and 3 and Cyber Cap. I think obviously
they will have designed cyber cap to be
highly compatible with existing neural
nets and training and everything. I
agree that there will be some fine
tunings because the size of the car is
slightly different. The controls will be
extremely similar of course. So I'm not
too concerned that there will be a
massive gap. But could we may we need a
few hundred or a couple of hundreds of
these cyber caps, you know, driving
around for a month or two before it's
fine-tuned.
Sure. But I think what people
underestimate, like if you look at Joe
Techm and his reports, his drones, how
many cyber caps are actually out of the
factory? That's a very good question. It
might already be way north of 100, like
way. So it's so we have probably 200
soon 300 driving around as we speak. Of
course not with passengers and maybe
super whatever but they're driving
around doing this. So I would say number
one there won't be a year-long effort
with thousands of cyber caps to train
them. I think it's highly compatible.
It's designed to take over the worldwide
technology in my opinion. there would be
m minor adjustments needed and we are in
the middle of scaling this already for
multiple weeks now for a month so
yeah I'm in good in a pretty good mood
when it comes to the stock and uh we
don't want to talk stock too much right
now but I'm in good mood about cyber cap
robo taxi because we are kind of on
track everyone says Elon is late all the
time well there will come the point in
time where he's not late it's always
like that at some point he's not late. I
think now is the time where he's not
late. It was planned for April to scale
cyber capab
what do you think happens once you scale
cyber cap you will scale robo taxi not
long thereafter.
&gt;&gt; Yeah
&gt;&gt; and I think we are now in the middle of
it. That's what I think.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. my one one of my main points about
why they would despite everything you
said that CyberCap is is is not going to
be that much more difficult to have full
self driving for sure working on it.
It's just it's about the fact that when
you launch CyberCap for the very first
time it's a brand it's the brand for the
company. It's got to be perfect. You've
you got you cannot have within the first
week of a cyber cab running around
having an accident and then that's
branded on people's minds that oh my god
cyber cabs are dangerous. They've got to
do it very carefully and they want to
double triple check and so you need
those hundred you know million miles of
driving whatever number it is. Well, but
you have I mean effectively when you
think look through the surface you have
these cameras the exact identical camera
setup probably the heights and
everything nearly identical to Model Y.
You have hardware four and they're the
identical chip. You have the identical
model the identical controls of the
steering wheel and everything. So I
think the it's nearly one to one the
Model Y setup from a pure FSD
perspective. If you look through the
chassis and the whole car and just think
about where are the cameras where
sitting these eight or 10 how many
cameras they have now and hardware for
and the controls I think it will look
extremely similar. So the question is is
it really different
like what is there even to fine tune
that's the question I think it's clearly
minimized from a Tesla perspective
&gt;&gt; we'll see we'll talk about cyber cap
again uh but right now this morning
there was actually a meeting held in
Brussels uh TCMV which is the and what
is it called now they are called the
transportation
technical committee for motor vehicles
that's what it is TCMV so it was held at
the um this morning
And then they the Netherlands was
available there, the RDW and they were
able to present their findings to the EU
countries, their test results in a
1-hour presentation. And the vote though
won't happen until uh the end of June or
the beginning of October. Um and this is
the briefing is necessary in preparation
for the vote to approve FSA across the
EUE without further testing in each
individual country if they don't want
to. So that happened uh and it looks
like that in order to be voted uh to be
approved you need to have at least 15
out of 27 countries which collectively
represents at least 65% of the EU's
population. Okay? So you need to have
both. If the proposal is not approved in
a vote for the e-hole EU, each country
still has the option to adopt the RDW
results and approve FSE for their own
country. I've not yet heard back from
Keith uh who I was talking with earlier
today of what has he heard of whe
whether or not this went well or not but
it happened um this is what he said ephe
in Belgium though immediately after that
meeting the Belgian Minister of
Transport and Mobility Anecd
is on top of it. She put in a request to
Tesla to send the dossier with FSE test
results to the Belgian government. Looks
like Belgium might introduce FSE sooner
than later. Fingers crossed. And just to
clarify, he he did uh clarify later that
she is actually not in charge of
Belgium. She's in charge of a city
called Flanders in Belgium.
&gt;&gt; But regardless, it's a region. Okay. But
regardless, this is what she did
immediately after the meeting. She said,
she even said breaking. Can you believe
following the Tesla FSA test project in
the Netherlands? I have asked Tesla to
transfer their file to us. That is now
with my administration which I have
instructed to provide clarity by the end
of the week on a possible rapid
homologation which is the step you take
to approve uh for cars, motor vehicles
because you shouldn't slow down
innovation but make it possible in a
thoughtful and safe way. This way we
keep Flanders at the forefront as a
forwardthinking region. That's pretty
clear that she is wants to approve it as
soon as possible. This is one good news,
but it's still just one. We don't know
what happened to the other countries.
What you're thinking?
&gt;&gt; Yeah. So, first of all, uh Oh, first of
all, a little like a geography lesson
here. Belgium is has two pieces. It has
Flanders, the Germanic piece, and Wonia,
which is the Frenchspeaking
uh piece. And they're in big
competition, very different cultures,
right? Flanders is more like the Dutch
uh and the Von Wonia is more like the
French and so they're always competitive
and Flanders a little more on the
innovation side and so that's part of
it. Um, so you know, Europe has all
these little mini micro countries inside
the small countries. So that's what's
happening there. And I think the
takeaway is this. This whole EU
situation
is more like a surprise. It would be a
very surprise upside win. That's how I
see it. If the EU actually approves that
because it's like a ratchet, right? So
if the EU approves it, it's uh mandatory
for all countries to accept it. If the
EU rejects it, each country can just
decide what they want to do. And my
default case is the EU rejects it. Not
because I have specific knowledge that
they will, but because I just assume
it's going to be difficult. And it would
be a total upside surprise if suddenly
FSD is approved across all of Europe. So
let's assume it doesn't happen. Then
you're in the situation that I was
assuming that you have a competitive
patchwork of Europe where everyone or
the most you know the most innovative
regions like Flanders some you know
Swedish regions maybe Bavaria and then
we know the in the eastern part Czech uh
the Czech Republic and others they're
then very interested in being the first
to actually adopt it and the Netherlands
of course. So I'm not too concerned
because in both cases the upside the
upside surprise would be oh it's
approved boom we're alive in all of
Europe. I do not expect that but that
would be an upside surprise. If not, I
think you will see this year multiple
countries approving it. Smaller
countries
&gt;&gt; and and uh to be clear, it's going to be
an uphill battle like you are saying,
most of them will probably say no
because of political reasons or whatever
they feel just
&gt;&gt; well but it will be a complication. I
think
&gt;&gt; the odds that it goes through in the EU
I would put at maybe
&gt;&gt; 30 to 50%. So it's higher. It's
relatively high but because there is an
incentive for the EU to not look stupid
especially with this new tension but
also
&gt;&gt; but it's under 50%.
&gt;&gt; It's under 50% because the EU they're
masters in
&gt;&gt; that's what I was trying to get that
thank you for giving that number
&gt;&gt; still they might be not as stupid as we
normally assume because
&gt;&gt; they are under pressure right but let's
assume they just are what they are. I
think I don't think it's too much of an
uphill battle because you have a highly
competitive situation. It's the old
strength of Europe. The mega strength of
the secret of Europe was always that it
was actually not it didn't have an EU.
That was the magic strength. That's why
it's not so smart.
&gt;&gt; But but
you have like this competitive patch
where all the countries do stupid things
maybe, but if one doesn't do stupid
things, it's a forcing for everyone has
to follow immediately otherwise they get
crushed. And that's the magic of Europe.
Maybe they're all stupid, but all it
takes is one who's not stupid and
everyone else has to follow. And that's
exactly here condensed for the whole
world. Here you have it condensed.
So if Lander says, "Screw you people. We
are the smart ones." And the some dummy
Germans say, "Oh, we make it
bureaucratic." Then France, oh, good
luck. We attract now all the innovation.
We have it all automated and you look
stupid.
&gt;&gt; But that's Yeah. Okay. Somebody said
that the thing about Europe and you know
this so inside out that they they had
they had they they have already unified
all of their driving regulations. So the
rules are the same, the signs are very
similar, all that. And so doing this is
actually something that may not be as
easy as we're you're saying because you
c you you can't be too that different
than everyone else. When you drive here,
you can you know things are a little
different.
&gt;&gt; I don't I'm not sure that this is true.
Like I don't know you can argue that the
Czech Republic has similar science as
Germany. I mean Germany you can drive
you know 400 miles an hour if you want
and in France you can or whatever. So
there's already very very different.
&gt;&gt; Okay. Uh and I wanted to show this which
is Keith's driving around using FSE
because it is very different in in um in
Europe. And uh here's what it looks
like.
&gt;&gt; Just absolutely crazy. We can't fit
there, can we?
&gt;&gt; No, I don't think so.
&gt;&gt; So, what is it gonna do? So many bikes
around. It's crazy. Look at them.
Unrealization. Looked like a bike race.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; Taking place right next to us.
&gt;&gt; How are we going to fit with that van on
the bridge?
&gt;&gt; It's
&gt;&gt; That is absolutely insane.
&gt;&gt; It's backing up, but there's people
behind us. Oh, this is amazing.
Just Just let it do its thing here.
What is it going to do?
We'll see you when I visit Amsterdam
once again. Hopefully, the next time
I'll visit here, we'll be already
driving in a self-driving car.
&gt;&gt; Let's uh let's hope that'll be the case.
And I would love to welcome you again
here in Amsterdam. And uh I hope the
city will uh treat you well in the
coming days.
So, here we are in Amsterdam again after
a few months and we're waiting for the
man. Two years I've been waiting for
this moment here, man.
&gt;&gt; There's Keith.
&gt;&gt; Nice to meet you again.
&gt;&gt; Nice.
&gt;&gt; Let's go ride.
&gt;&gt; All right. So, that was Keith and he was
driving with this robot in real life or
robot IRL. And that's the video. So, I
can't wait for you to test it out. Have
you done it yet? cuz you're there. You
can get a test ride.
&gt;&gt; Not in Texas. I had like a Tesla for a
while and then but uh not in Europe. And
well, I think I mean Europe is just very
diverse like how the roads look like,
right? If you're in North Sweden, it's
very different from Amsterdam.
But yeah, it's it's interesting. Um
uh
last time I was in Sweden, it was like
uh you know you're you're walking
somewhere and then there comes a car and
it's like why is a car driving here and
then you realize you're walking on the
road because they design the roads in a
way that don't look like roads because
it makes you drive very slow if you
think am I even right here. So it's like
the Europeans are very good in doing
that. I think it's actually good because
it makes it much more livable everything
like you've seen in Amsterdam there. So
yeah, I don't even know. Like for me
it's mindboggling what Tesla did there.
This technology like how do you do even
in America if you're in San Francisco or
in New York or something? It's such a
crazy situation. Then in Texas they have
all bad roads all over the place where
you want or in like South Dakota where
you are not sure is that a road or am I
like on the out on the field. So how
Tesla does that that this actually works
is mindboggling. It must be like a
pretty advanced. also China like are you
kidding me? So it must be a very very
very advanced intelligence that's for
sure. You need to understand what's
going on. You can't just learn every
situation or even every road.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, it's impossible.
&gt;&gt; All right. So this is a rule I did not
know was coming uh at all. But
apparently there's a rule a a very
strict driver monitoring system that's
coming July like now. the approval of FS
with the approval of FSE supervised in
Europe we've seen the introduction of a
very very strict driver monitoring
system in about 12 months from now this
will be a common practice for every new
car not just Teslas so from July this
year every new car registered in EU must
include mandatory driver monitoring
systems so they will have to have
cameras inside the car that's going to
monitor eye movements head position and
attention levels to detect distra uction
or drowsiness and intervene with
warnings if needed. This comes directly
from regulation EU 2019 2014 whatever
and uh here's the history and facts said
that the European Commission proposed
this in May 2018 and then the parliament
endorsed it in April 2019 the council
adopted in November 2019 so this is
years ago and apparently it's now
running out running so the timeline is
new vehicle types as of July of 2024
is mandatory for any new vehicles but
now All new vehicles, all new
registration, no matter what. 7th of
July. Many Tesla drivers already know
what this feels like in practice. You've
got this cabin monitoring your eyes,
nagging alerts. I love it because um I
mean, I don't know how people always
say, "How how can you turn on full
self-driving? Isn't it dangerous?" I go,
"Do you not know there's a camera
looking at my eye if I'm looking away?
If I put on my hand, if I'm, you know,
not paying attention, it nags me." Tesla
drivers don't like it because it's too
much nagging. But imagine what's going
to happen if if you don't have FSD, but
this thing's nagging you now. So, I
mean, the goal is to reduce road
fatalities. So, that's great. You know,
texting, people texting. So, I think in
the end of the day, it's a good thing.
But I just think what's going to happen
is there's going to be this this um you
know, like if they don't approve full
self-driving and self-driving, then
you've got this monitoring system. It's
going to nag you all the time. It's like
I guess they're going to have to get
used to the system or which one do you
want?
&gt;&gt; Why I'm like, you know, we why I think
it's actually more likely than not or
slightly under 50% because they're still
dumb that they actually prove that
because it's it is what these people
like and I don't like these people
because you think, oh, it's good for
Tesla stock. Yes, it's good for FSD.
Yes. But I mean, you know what's next
at? It's the EU. Like, you know what? If
you have a dissident thought, then your
car drives you right into jail. So
that's
&gt;&gt; yeah,
&gt;&gt; there's no doubt this is coming, right?
&gt;&gt; If you say some some words, just don't
be naughty because your car will just
bing drop you right in the jail.
&gt;&gt; It's probably coming by 2030. So yeah,
I'm always very skeptical, but that's
more like a political perspective. I
think it's good for Tesla, for the stock
and for FSD. So it like they definitely
like that. Uh but I'm a little concerned
on the privacy side because if you think
they're not taking it to the next level
like that,
&gt;&gt; you would
&gt;&gt; they might they likely will. Okay,
here's the thing now. Uh Darth Powell
pointed this out that actually Ford has
to have this too. So it's you know once
one country does it uh Europe, not
country but you know region then Ford
has to have it and so they have it. So
apparently Ford has filed multiple
patents related to driver monitoring
systems which typically use camera
sensors and AI to track driver
attention, drivers, distraction, facial
expressions, biometrics
uh in in cabin behaviors for safety,
personalization, vehicle control. These
build on systems like Ford's Blues
Cruise hands-free driving the distracted
driving detection patent filed 2020.
Driver fatigue prevention patent filed
2022. Lip reading, facial expressions,
emotion sensing filed in April 2026.
Incin biometric system patent filed.
Right. So it takes all your biometrics,
determines your thing. This guy got
really upset. Let's watch his uh video
what he's warning of what can happen.
No, no, no, no.
&gt;&gt; Now, imagine there was an emergency
outside the truck, an accident,
something terrible on the ranch with a
chainsaw. and I jump in this truck, but
the truck, it won't shift into drive.
Why? Because the cameras and sensors
inside this cab won't let it shift
because it detects my eyes are big.
There's a lot of emotion. There's some
panic, and it doesn't feel that I'm fit
to drive. Now, that's not science
fiction. That is happening because Ford
just filed the patents.
Ford actually has a series of patents
down at the US patent and trade office
that deal with the sensors and cameras
inside the cab of their truck. And if
the sensors in that truck determine that
you're not fit to drive, that truck will
not actually shift from park to drive.
&gt;&gt; Yep.
I mean, I think
&gt;&gt; it's like, you know, we I think we're
always torn. That's also my issues with
talent here when people talk about the
stock. Not everything is about the stock
and amazing technology. It's also at
some point the question, what are we
doing with this, right? And that's it's
good that we have Elon on but we need to
trust Elon to also you know push back a
little bit when these requests come from
the government because it's not a joke
especially if you have Grock in there
because it always starts benign like we
want to just keep Herbert safe and then
we want to make sure Herbert is not a
criminal so we need to also listen a
little bit just a little bit into the
conversations and if he says snotty
stuff oh just lock the doors no problem
and then it's like well this is funny
anymore. So yeah, this is my concern. In
the EU, much more risky because they
don't have any awareness of privacy and
rights, but in the US a little less
likely, but you know how it goes. So I'm
concerned. That sounds all amazing, but
it's like the old mistake is saying,
"Oh, just keep me safe." Like, well,
good luck with that. So, you know, it's
a little bit scary for me.
&gt;&gt; I'm not sure. I mean, that that one's
pushing it whether or not, you know,
Ford's going to do that. These patents
are designed for driving and to have it
available in case laws come into place.
But regardless, you know, you want them
to be focused. Uh especially if it's
still supervised because that's the
point, right? When you're supervised,
you need to be doing that. If you're not
supervised anymore, the car, you don't
need to do that. You're
&gt;&gt; Well, but you know, if you have a bunch
of unaware, unhinged politicians like in
the EU.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. you know, they just their little
circles, their coffee, the Karen
circles, and then they're gonna say,
"Look, we could save 10 lives. Just
prevent."
&gt;&gt; I'm just saying that with Ford,
&gt;&gt; yeah, Ford in the US, uh, there might be
an override, right? Because it's your
car. Now having said this, I learned
this recently that do you know when you
buy a printer from HP Hula Packard. So
you buy the printer, you own the
printer, you buy the ink, you owe the
ink, you put it in there, and they
switch to a subscription model where you
have to pay them per page printed. And
if you don't pay them, you can't print.
So I'm I'm very like I'm very wor worry
because uh in genomics right different
story but you have these very expensive
sequencing machines and you can't sell
them and you can't no one else can use
them. They're like you buy them for a
million dollars but you can't they are
live connected to the cloud. They know
exactly where they are and if someone
else uses they're not allow they don't
allow you to use it. It's part of the
contract. So you can do all kinds of
things and you could do exactly the same
with cars. You can say, "Well, it's kind
of your car, but you use it on the
road." And at the moment you step into
the car, you become like a public thing,
so we can listen to you. And then in the
EU, it's just I'm not even kidding. It's
one step away from saying, "Well, you
don't need to have naughty thoughts in
your car. Who needs that? You don't need
Why do you have to think naughty things?
We should know that. We should stop your
car." So it's kind of very,
&gt;&gt; you know, and and these AI systems,
they're
&gt;&gt; I mean, we already have we already have
Grock in the car and this is all
amazing. There's always an amazing piece
of the equation, but once some
government comes in there, it's very
unaming.
That's why we need like strong, by the
way, we need strong and also political
corporate leaders like Elon. That's why
I'm always for Elon being political
because political doesn't just mean, oh,
I'm for this party or this party. It
means like I have awareness that I'm not
just here to print money. I'm a human. I
participate here and I can't allow
really bad things to happen. I think
that's actually a good thing because we
will be tested on all fronts on Optimus
on robots on robo taxi on cyber cap on
Gro in the car. There will be attacks
all over the place from the government
say you know what Tesla you have 100
million passengers now we need your
support for hunting down criminals. And
it's like okay that sounds great. Why
not? Well, we need to listen into every
conversation and if something happens,
you have to lock the doors.
&gt;&gt; That's not just theory, right? This is
not even unlikely to happen. Like the
FBI, oh, why would you protect a
terrorist? Why would you allow a
terrorist to leave the car? Okay, but
who's a terrorist? Well, that's up to
Grock to decide.
So, yeah, I mean, we all know about the
brave new world and everything. We are
just we are there now. And I mean there
are lots of advantages. Lot fewer people
will die as we know with FSD and
everything. So there are tons of
advantages. But it's important that our
corporate leaders are responsible
&gt;&gt; and that does not mean they need to be
political. Now
&gt;&gt; new interpretation of responsibility do
whatever we say but respons means a
responsible citizen who pushes back on
the government.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Very good points. Scary. Well
worth think about. And in China, I
didn't even talk about China. Do you
think the Chinese Communist Party is
going to say, "Oh, if there's a
dissident in the car talking about
&gt;&gt; us. Oh, no problem." It's like, "No, I
don't think so."
&gt;&gt; Right. It's right. It's the same. It's
worse. Well, we'll debate that. China or
Euru, both of them are heading that
direction. But it's actually interesting
because all these concerns about X and
Google and censorship once you become
the leader like Tesla in physical AI
this whole concern also becomes physical
because you can then and you know that
Elon has to comply with China for he
can't just say no. So it's tricky. What
about an Optimus that witnesses some
crime and then of course Chinese comes
like oh of course optimist should
interfere it's a crime. Well, then you
have Optimus running around millions and
if they think, "Oh, Herbert, you're
parking in the wrong spot. I think I
have to detain you now." It's like,
well, it's bad. I don't want to want to
be detained. So, it's like tricky. There
are many, many interesting challenges
coming.
&gt;&gt; All true and I get you. But the counter
would be that well, we all already have
mobile phones. We all have TVs that are
smart TVs that are listening into our
conversations.
So, and and of course there are
governments that have spotted it and
said, "Hey, I wanted." So, they could
already do that today.
&gt;&gt; The the difference the new level is
physically I you're literally in a car.
The car could get locked. The car could
drive you somewhere. The car
&gt;&gt; and Optimus, don't get me started. I
mean, Optimus is a thing
&gt;&gt; can control you. Yeah.
&gt;&gt; You know,
&gt;&gt; so interesting stuff. Little scary.
&gt;&gt; Okay, let's go back to talking about
Cyber Cab. Um, thank you to Joe Techmire
as always. He flies his drones.
Basically, cyberc cabs um continue to be
made at relatively small numbers this
early Monday with between 25 and 30
located around the site including the
factory exit point and the outbound lot.
We have been seeing many of these being
transported away from the factory over
the past week with lots of images of
them on roads, supercharging and even
shopping in the surrounding area. Good
sign that these are helping to prepare
for cyber cab entry into robo taxi
fleet.
So yeah 25 to 30 I think you calculate
you said that's around 50 you know that
would be around sorry five
500 per month. Yeah, if it's daily, who
knows? I mean, someone, by the way, if
someone uh has some free time, I think a
tracker, not Robo Taxi tracker, but a
cyber cap deployment tracker where you
use Joe Tech's videos and just count
like how many actually left and how many
were produced because I'm a little it's
unclear. Is it daily and how free? That
would be very helpful. We just see how
many are out in the wild from a
manufacturing perspective.
&gt;&gt; Hard to track. There's no license
plates.
Well, just based on his videos, because
you could just look at this,
&gt;&gt; you know, are they have they been moved
then probably new ones or are they still
in the same pattern?
&gt;&gt; I think Joe is only allowed to fly
during certain times.
So, Tesla restricts from actually
tracking every hour, right?
&gt;&gt; But we could have at least a minimum. We
could see like, well, we spotted at
least whatever. See, I have I have no
idea. Have you already counted over a
100, over 200 or 50? I don't know.
Probably over 200 because I see these
batches all the time. They always look
different,
&gt;&gt; like different patterns.
&gt;&gt; Hard to know. But, uh, it's happening.
It's happening. So, we got cyber cows
being produced. We know that there's,
you know, like you're saying, you're
believing that. And so my my theory is
that they're producing let's say 25 a
day maybe like we don't know you said
let's say hundreds I think they need a
thousand and they probably need them for
months driving around capturing data
&gt;&gt; and then
&gt;&gt; you know the manufacturing economics
right you can't just not produce if you
have the lineup so if we know we have 10
a day at a minimum we might have 20 a
day that's already 300 a month So, and
that needs to scale otherwise you have
like capex issues with a so we know we
at 300 to 600 a month right now which
means next month we add more and if you
just add it up that means next month we
already over a thousand then we are over
2,000 and so on and so forth even with
super slow scaling I had a video on it
what does super slow painful scaling
mean cyber truck was pretty painful and
you got to roughly 30,000 cyber trucks
in year one with nine months so
&gt;&gt; even the slowest possible scale cyber
truck would get you to 30,000 cyber
caps, which are much easier to produce
than cyber c uh cyber trucks.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; So, even if you cut that in half, then
it's more than painful. You're getting
to 15,000. So, I think that's
that's why I'm kind of I remain very
bullish on this for the exact same
reason. I always said cyber cap is the
key to do this math and trajections
trajectories.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, that's my number. I'm I'm at the
10,000 15,000 uh cyber cabs. Therefore,
10 to 15,000 um
uh robo taxis. Yeah. By the end of the
year. That's where
&gt;&gt; without wise. Yeah.
&gt;&gt; Well, yeah. I don't I don't think
they're going to do that because
everything's slowed down because you
exactly you just said they're they got
to get got the factory going. But I
agree with you that there's the
discrepancy is that the factory could
actually produce as you said I agree
with you 25,000 and yet my still number
is still probably 10 or 15,000 that they
will deploy in robo taxis. That's just
my guesses as I think things think
through. That's what I've been pretty
consistent for the last several months
saying the same.
&gt;&gt; I mean what I'm saying is and we will
talk maybe in the other show more about
the stock but we are sitting on you
definitely don't want to be short like
you're sitting on this ex volcano like
building up heat because what happens
once it really works and we know it
already works. So now between now and it
really works is this is just incremental
fine-tuning. And once it really works, I
think people have just no idea. I think
they're underestimating what it means.
If this is completely flawless, way
better than humans and totally
fine-tuned, you can deploy millions of
these things
&gt;&gt; easily. Yeah. All over the place. By the
way, I keep telling you
I just have my experiences have been
incredible every weekend, every day.
Okay. Thank you so much, Joe. Appreciate
you. Follow him on his ex account at uh
Joe Bacti and go check out his website
pioneerlands.org.
Thanks everybody.
&gt;&gt; Thank you. I've created a website that
is the most comprehensive resource for
the Tesla investor. Please check it out.
Simply go to my website at herbalm.com.