Channel:     futureaza
Title:       Tesla's Interior Design Finally Proven Right
URL:         https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QgjpzLo4KIc
Published:   2026-07-16 12:00 UTC
Fetched:     2026-07-16 13:00 UTC

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Tesla's screenheavy Model Y just beat
cars with 50 buttons.
Killer news for you folks. There's some
great news coming out of some tests
regarding Tesla and some potentially
quite frightening news from some news
out of other companies who are making
new cars that might just bite into
Tesla's market share. And if you can't
tell by the tone of my voice, I am being
sarcastic because, well, you'll see. I'm
joined by Randy Kirk, serial
entrepreneur, best-selling author, and
all-around fungus. Uh, fun guy. Fun guy,
I meant. Uh, let's get into it. I'm
Brian. Welcome to Futurazza.
&gt;&gt; So, Randy, I know you had a opportunity
to read this article, to check this out,
and I think it's very exciting. What's
going on here? Tesla's screenheavy Model
Y just beat cars with 50 buttons.
You know, I tell you, when I've got a
new shirt, the first thing I do is count
the buttons, and if it doesn't have 20
or 30, I'm out. Now, this is a t-shirt,
mind you. I've got my Redwood Energy
T-shirt on. Uh I usually only wear that
at events because it starts
conversations.
&gt;&gt; I see. Yes.
&gt;&gt; What's going on with this test? They did
a test and something got some results.
What's going on?
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Well, that was a very interesting
test and and I have to admit that I have
a little trouble with the screen. um
probably would have the same trouble
with the buttons, but it's because I'm
old. My eyes are not what they used to
be, even with glasses. So, sometimes I'm
struggling to see what's on the screen
or remember where it was because I don't
drive it don't drive the vehicle enough
to really get comfortable with all the
locations and navigation uh in the
screen. But people that drive all the
time, people that use it all the time,
they know where the navigation is and
they know when to when to use the
screen. They know when to use the the
the voice. And now with Grock all the
time, you know, the voice thing is
becoming more and more critical. But
let's just take what the story was,
which is is the screen more likely to
take your eyes off the road for a long
period of time or are the buttons more
likely this especially I think it would
be the you know the the phone uh maybe
the um defroster that you don't use that
often etc etc
I meant the the the radio. Um, so which
which one was worse? It turns out,
shockingly,
that is way worse to have buttons than
it is to have a screen. And Mercedes way
up at the top of the list of how slow it
was to stop your I mean, how how slow
how many feet or yards or meters you
would travel as a result of having your
eyes off the road for that long.
&gt;&gt; Wow. 69 miles in the Mercedes-Benz CLA.
Uh, not the worst. Mazda was the worst.
Uh, Toyota didn't do great. Uh, this the
Nissan Koskai at half a mile. It's not
the buttons and the there's a
misunderstanding among people who've
never driven a Tesla that where they
think there are no controls right at
your fingertips. There are a lot of
controls. uh the horn of course, uh the
turn indicator, the uh only thing that I
think people would frequently use that
may not be on the screen is the shift
the the shifting method. Now, on the
Model 3, it has automatic shifting, and
it's pretty darn accurate. If you back
up and turn the wheel one way and then
turn it the other, as soon as you touch
the brake, it shifts into drive. Now, it
indicates that it's done that. It even
tells you it's about to do that. Uh, but
you may not have looked at the screen.
So, it's a really good system. You can
do a You can just do a 36 point turn all
day in circles and it'll keep shifting
for you automatically.
&gt;&gt; Um, but uh it has the volume. It has
track select. It has uh it it doesn't
have the mirrors. I have adjusted my
mirrors twice in the last three years
and it's because a jacked up pickup was
behind me blinding me and I felt ah I
can't use the mirror anyway. Might as
well not be blinded at the same time.
So, uh, is this important?
&gt;&gt; Well, you know, of course. I mean,
safety, safety, and uh, you know, when
you take your eyes off the road and you
travel a half a mile, you know, it's
pretty easy for a deer or a dear one or
a vehicle uh, to intersect your path
that you weren't anticipating. And yeah,
so this is bad
&gt;&gt; indeed. Now, let's get into the vehicles
that could come into the market and
really step on Tesla's toes. Toyota
Highlander will join a growing list of
three row electric SUVs. Now, if that
isn't the most beautiful car you've ever
seen, I believe you.
&gt;&gt; Uh because it's Hey, I'm sure people
will love it. Toyota's EVs got
measurably improve uh improved in almost
all respects uh for the 2026
and seven model years.
uh do you think that this is in any sort
of competition with the Y L which I
believe is quite a bit smaller. So
as a marketer I would say that Tesla has
this massive massive lead that is you
have to you have to find a way you have
to find a niche you have to find a
reason why somebody why uh anyway you
have to find a reason for somebody to
say I'm not going to take the tested
trusted you know top-of-the-line model
that everybody thinks is great and I'm
going to try out this new model, even if
it's a Toyota. Um, it's it's it's going
to be I think it'll be hard sledding for
anybody to break into that particular
market if uh if as long as Tesla's in
it.
&gt;&gt; Mhm. So, uh this is reasonable. I think
there are people who will buy this. I
don't think this is as good as other
Toyotas necessarily, and it's certainly
not as good or better than a Tesla Y L
will be. I think when we finally see
them head-to-head, the the Y L will beat
it. And if you care about autonomy, if
you care about safety, I don't think
they're in quite the same category. Now,
uh for the compact side, there are
people who do like smaller cars. Model 3
is for some people still too big. I
don't know how. But what about this? The
Fiat Topolino.
Uh, this surely is direct competition
for Tesla, right? It's an allect
electric quadricycle, which is what they
call it when it only goes 25 miles an
hour. Your tabs are going to be a lot
less because it's not really fast. It
says here 19 miles hour uh with an
electric range of up to 46 miles and
it's still 14 grand. A low speed a low
speed conversion kit will take you all
the way up to 25 mph. Hey, golf carts
have gotten expensive. And this is nicer
than a golf cart.
&gt;&gt; And think how executive you'll feel when
every time you get in or out of the car,
you get to cross the rope.
&gt;&gt; I don't know. I've seen some very
elaborate golf course golf carts. people
down in Florida especially, there's that
one big senior center where, you know,
it's a hu so big that people have these
fancy fancy Rolls-Royce type uh golf
carts. So, no, I think I'd rather put my
money into a golf cart than that one.
&gt;&gt; I think that's also reasonable. So, uh
just just so I'm 100% clear, you don't
think this is going to bite into Model 3
sales?
&gt;&gt; Oh, I don't think Well, I just don't
think it's going to sell at all in the
United States.
I don't think it's I can't I'm trying to
re think of where it would sell. I like
my most important trip that I make uh a
couple times a week is to the grocery
store and then once a month to my barber
and those are point4 miles away. So I
have the choice of walking. I have the
choice of you know but if I I could take
a bicycle I could take a an electric
bicycle. Would I spend $14,000 to go 410
of a mile? not a ch and that seems like
the most likely use would be you know
close to home where you do your shopping
you know
&gt;&gt; I really don't know who it's for they
will sell some there are some people who
just want something very different this
is a look at me car and I would argue
the cheapest look at me car you can get
new okay well let's talk about some
better competition Mitsubishi joins
global robot race plans to manufacture
and deploy humanoid workers in7 7.
Randy, when we heard about the robots uh
program, the humanoid robot program at
Tesla, all of the usual suspects said
they're crazy. No one in their right
mind would do this. But now we're seeing
all the major manufacturers trying to
get into it. Do you think that
Mitsubishi of all people will be able to
attract the talent necessary to get this
going as early as 27?
&gt;&gt; So, one of the things that I just
thought of actually it just popped into
my brain right now is that when Tesla
started out, there was absolutely no uh
supply chain.
&gt;&gt; Mhm.
&gt;&gt; Well, in the three years since Tesla
started getting serious about this, the
supply chain is happening. We have
people that make hands. We have people
that make better um uh actuators. We
have we have smaller and better more
capable batteries. I mean, so my guess
is that the supply chain is much more
significant now. So, as usual, I think
it's probably going to come down to the
hand and the brain. Um and there will be
ve there will be use cases. I've talked
about this a lot. I think on your
channel, definitely on mine, is that in
my factory when I had 100 employees,
about I don't know 10 of the jobs in the
factory itself could have been done by
the very first uh uh optimist that we
saw on the stage that was put together
from a hardware store. I mean there are
certain jobs you don't need a lot of
brain power and you don't need fancy
hands and you don't need um long uh you
know you could have a dangling you could
be plugged in all day you don't need to
worry about how far you're going to
walk. So there could be some humanoid
robots that would do the job. Um that uh
that would be you know maybe inexpensive
uh maybe not complex
um uh that uh you know who knows we'll
see. I think there'll be a lot of
niches.
&gt;&gt; Yes, you can buy a fantastic single use
singlepurpose robot for 20,000. I mean,
10 for a lightweight one, 50 for
something heavier duty. But even if
these are fourpurpose robots,
fivepurpose robots, they're going to
have utility if the price is right. And
I think a lot of people get hung up on,
well, I would never have one in my home.
Okay, you're not the first customer, so
don't worry about it. They will uh
succeed or fail before they get to the
question of would you or I like one? And
I don't think I would want to buy one
today. Uh especially I mean if I didn't
have a channel to cover these things, I
definitely wouldn't. I think it would
just take up space, take up money, and
probably not perform very well because
it's so brand new because the giant data
center to train them is just now getting
started. And when you look at the scope
of tasks that a that an inhome robot
would be expected to understand, I own
plates that my mother gave me that have
a little metal rim around the edge. It
needs to know that those specific plates
do not go in the microwave.
The kids had to learn the hard way.
Terrified them, but they only had to be
told once. Is once enough? I I don't
know. I don't know if that's and it
certainly wouldn't know it intuitively
the way an adult probably would. It's
tough to say. So on those things and
your point is right. There is a huge
financial advantage to not being first
to market.
&gt;&gt; Trying to be first to market means a lot
of what you do is never going to market.
You will spend infinity dollars for no
result. But the supply chain does exist.
Like you said, 5 years ago, there was a
parts market and now there is a humanoid
robot supply chain.
&gt;&gt; And when we say offtheshelf, especially
2, three years from now, off the shelf
is going to have some pretty good stuff
specific to robotics. Instead of buying
a a little uh power window controller
and mod and actuator and thinking that's
going to cut it, it's not. Um, now I do
have one more big one to share, but
first I should probably should probably
mention that we're running a special two
for one. You can subscribe to both of
us. You can subscribe to me and Randy.
No extra charge. Uh, because we just
have that much love to give. We are
going to be in Los Angeles next week.
Both of us at the same time at the Tesla
diner on the 21st. Come out and say
hello. We'll be shooting something.
New BYD Seagull hatchback exposed with
exposed. That's got to be a translation
error. With 425 millimeter longer body
and 127 horsepower motor. Ain't she
pretty?
&gt;&gt; Oh yeah. Yeah. Yeah.
&gt;&gt; By the way, that 95 kW uh power is the
maximum ceiling for Nepal. If you go
over 95 kilowatt, you're in a different
tax uh category.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; At the import level. Maybe that's
something shared with other countries.
Uh I don't yet know. Uh but it is in
Nepal. No one brags about their 0 to 60
in part because there's nowhere in the
country you can do it. And uh I mean the
roads are windy and busy and uh if you
could find a straight enough stretch,
all you would do is kill someone. Uh and
the cars are intentionally underpowered.
So, uh, you know, this is going to exist
in China very soon. Uh, it's larger
means it's heavier. Government
regulatory filings show a curb weight
of,80
kg. So, that's quite light. It's under I
mean that's
&gt;&gt; just over.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Just just over a ton.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. That's great. So, uh, and then
let's see if we can find the cost.
It doesn't matter. It's not going to be
sold outside of China. Surely this is a
Tesla killer, right? Because in China,
people are saying, "Would I rather have
a three or Y or this?"
&gt;&gt; Well, now this one, um, other than the
funny divots in the front there, I don't
quite get those. Um,
&gt;&gt; it's a seagull wing. That's probably a
seagull wing, right?
&gt;&gt; Yeah. I mean, this one overall, it kind
of reminds me of some of the shapes of
vehicles that are already out there. So,
I'm trying to find something a little
unique about it that would cause me to
say, "Yeah, from a looks standpoint." I
mean, I've I bought
&gt;&gt; I bought most of my cars on looks.
&gt;&gt; Um, I bought I bought a Mazda rotary
station wagon one time, not on looks.
&gt;&gt; Um, I wanted I wanted to try the Mazda
rotary. Um, we bought some minivans as
mentioned, you know, not on looks, but
most of the rest of them it was like,
"No, I like how that looks." So, this
would not be something that would go,
"Wow, you know, I I can't wait. I can't
wait.
&gt;&gt; I can't wait to get into my grapefruit
champagne
uh little runaround. Honestly, I think
it looks I think it looks fine. I think
it looks better than a lot of
&gt;&gt; Yeah, I think it looks better than a
Jetta,
&gt;&gt; which I also would not be too too jazzed
about. So guys, you could see why I was
uh practically giggling in the intro. Uh
these are just some cool cars. I needed
to say something to get you excited
about them. In the comments, what do we
miss? What do we misunderstand? Leave
it. I beg of you. The video is where we
try to make you smarter. The comments
are where we hope you can make us a
little smarter. uh but without pedentry.
Please please uh everyone else you know
like subscribe do what you do and stay
tuned stay juicy and remember that I
cannot wait to hear from you clever
robots perhaps next Tuesday at the Tesla
Diner on the 21st.