Channel:     jobhakdi
Title:       Why Elon Musk Says Economic Growth Will DOUBLE in 2027
URL:         https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1IyWairBWdc
Published:   2026-09-18 19:48 UTC
Fetched:     2026-09-18 22:00 UTC

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

ago, I made a video where I explained
why I believed back in January 2025 that
we just entered the singularity. And
back then, most people thought I'm a
little crazy because the singularity,
the point in time when AI becomes
recursively self-improving and actually
gets on an exponential trajectory and
creates something we can't even imagine.
something very dangerous in my opinion
but also something that initiates the
potential for pioneer lands for a utopia
where we can build anything we want in
2025 in January I said the time is now
that this singularity has started and I
outlined that this singularity is a
continuum and it will take roughly three
years from January 2025 to roughly
December 2027
and that according to that prediction
that we got pretty much spot on correct
so far. We are now halfway through and
very big things are going to happen very
soon. And these very big things are
mostly happening in 2027. That's when
they become very very obvious to
everyone. That is when the world around
us will change in massive ways that also
normal people will observe. Not just you
and me in Pioneer Lands and not just us
on X, but the people out there, the bus
drivers, the lawyers, the doctors. Well,
doctors might only notice it in 2028.
They're a little behind, but all these
normal people, they are going to
realize, wait a moment, the world is
actually now changing. And that is going
to happen next year. And today, multiple
signs dropped that confirms that
prediction. And this is one of these
predictions I made that is nontrivial
because it's easy to say the world is
going to change in crazy ways, but I
mean the world is going to change in
crazy ways next year. It's going to be
non-trivial.
It's going to massively disrupt
business, the economy, and everything we
know. Even if you're not a geek, even if
you're not someone who's Grockpotting
his way through his computer every day
today, even if you're just a normal
person. So, here's what happened today
and here's why it's so exciting and
important. First of all, we have to talk
about anthropic and the new New York
Times commentary on anthropics with the
New York Times today said that Enthropic
plans to scale available compute to 5
gawatt by year end and then 10 gawatt in
2027. To give you a sense of the scale,
Elon Musk said that they won't be able
to actually scale to 10 gawatt compute
supply on the SpaceX side. And if Elon
Musk says he can't do that,
then it means it's a very very large
amount of compute. And Anthropic says
they're going to scale to 10 gawatt by
2027 end. So Anthropic told investors it
expects roughly 5 gawatt. This is a
massive amount of compute. This is twice
as much over twice as much of what
SpaceX has built the total compute in
Colossus.
So Andropic told investors it expects
roughly 5 gawatt of available computing
capacity by the end of this year up from
about 1.5 gawatt last year. That would
put it roughly in line with OpenAI's
estimated compute footprint this year
with both companies targeting around 10
gawatt by the end of 2027. Meaning
OpenAI has the same plan.
Anthropic has been aggressively locking
up capacity across providers. Agreed to
pay SpaceX about 1.25 25 billion per
month for compute through May 2029.
While its Amazon partnership includes up
to 5 GZ of capacity, it also is in talks
meta meta over a potential compute lease
worth as much as 10 billion over two
years, though no deal has been
finalized.
So that's the first big news. But
there's more big news. Here is what Elon
tweeted today. Elon posted on X. My
guess is that AI roughly doubles US GDP
growth next year from 2% to roughly 4%
maybe even more. Now, if you know
anything about economics and real GDP
growth, he's talking about real GDP
growth, not nominal growth. Growing from
2% to 4% is a very, very big deal. Of
course, no one will ever know if this
will be because of AI or not. And of
course, Yoda makes a joke below Elon
standard time adjusted AICDS GDP growth
by 2029.
But I don't think so. I think this time
Elon is actually kind of correct on the
timeline because when Elon says we're
doubling GDP growth and we will talk
about stocks SpaceX, the hyperscalers
Nvidia, memory, and Tesla in a second.
But when Elon says 2% to 4%. And we have
now evidence that this might be really
happening on other dimensions. The
dimensions being open AI and anthropic
and they're built out of compute. That
means very big things are going to
happen. Very very big things. And people
do not understand what that means. All
this talk about AI changing the world
and creating utopia and doing all these
things. I tell you guys the odds that
this is starting to happen at scale. The
actual thing is going to start to happen
at scale next year. The odds for that
are high. And I cannot emphasize enough
what that means for Pioneer Lands. It
means the level of empowerment each
small business, mid-size business, large
business not so much, but the midsize
small entrepreneurial businesses and
each of us here in Pioneerlands will
have to fundamentally transform our
lives and our economies cannot even be
described accurately.
By the way, we are now working on
drought 2.0. If you're a citizen of
Pioneer Lands, you know that we have our
own agentic system. But we realized
something when we deployed it and
learned from you guys and many many many
people using it what is actually needed
and this will be rolled out maybe in a
better version next week. We fast maybe
next week maybe the week after. And I
think it will be pretty tremendous
because it closes the gap between
Grockbot or Codeex or Cowwork, these
systems on your desktop or on your
employees desktop. And
the problem, the gap between the human
brain and the skills we have and the
things we want to do and what we
actually tell these systems because
99.9% of people cannot translate the
power of these things into their
everyday lives. drought near 2.0 that we
will roll out very soon on Pioneer Lands
is going to solve the problem in a very
big way. So watch out for that. That's
just part of this bigger story.
We contribute a little bit of an
important part here. But these things
that are happening are very
transformational and we see also other
things here. For example, Melvin shared
this one.
This is from Altimter. Brett Gersonner
presented this in the allin podcast and
again another data point New York Times
reporting open and anthropic
that they double to 5 gawatt and then
double again to 10 gawatt each in
compute by next year. Now we have Elon
coming out and say he believes next year
we're going to double US GDP with AI.
Then we have altimeter
a third dimension on the whole thing
where they say we will add 43 gawatt of
compute in 2027
and they're mentioning openthropic added
in year. Uh, of course they're saying
it's only 14 gawatt, not 20 gawatt. So 2
* 7, not 2 * 10, maybe more
conservative. And then we have all
others, right? Adding this
and the current installed or the then
installed base from 2026. So the gray
bar is what the previous year looks
like. The blue bar is the blue component
of the bar is what the rest of the world
does. And the orange bar is
openanthropic.
So that is what Alimma says. So they
basically confirm also a massive
buildout. And here's why this is so
important. People talk about capex.
People talk about building out these
things is crazy. There's no demand. Blah
blah blah. There's a bubble. No.
The fact that this is actually now
happening and being financed
is proof enough for me that there is
real value generated. And I will show
you one more thing.
to just make my point and drive it home
before we talk about the consequences.
I'm talking about one more thing which
is Gavin Baker, the great Gavin Baker
actually talking about these things. So
we will have this I hope it's not too
loud but let's listen to this small clip
of Gavin Baker talking about anthropic
and the revenue potential here that in
my opinion reflects the utility of this
system. Let's take a look here and then
we draw our conclusion.
&gt;&gt; That's another big difference. Um it
turns out being aggressive really paid
but yeah I just anthropic at 900 billion
for 50 billion and you know ARR and you
know
&gt;&gt; growing thousand%.
&gt;&gt; Yeah growing at ridiculous rates. Maybe
a true statement is that if Anthropic
had all the compute, they'd probably be
doing well north of hundred billion
dollars today, maybe 150, and they would
be doing materially more. 100, 150,
maybe 200 billion. So you might be
buying it at more like five times
unconstrained. I'm going to make up a
new number. UR unconstrained run rate
revenue.
So
what did they just say? You have to
listen to this. I hope you could hear
it. What did they just say? Kevin Baker
said that in his opinion the ARR of
anthropic the annualized rate revenue
run rate
right now is $70 billion. And he said
that in his opinion if they wouldn't be
constrained on compute, if they would
not be constrained on compute, if they
had all the compute they needed, they
could be at 100, even 150 billion as we
speak. And so he made up this new ratio
that basically says well the multiple of
the valuation $900 billion right now
valuation roughly of anthropic we have
to basically create a new number like
what is the multiple of the unrealized
revenue the revenue that they could have
if there wouldn't be constraint and he
said then it's down to 5x because if
it's 150 it's 5x effectively something
like this
now
this is incredibly important. I'm a very
heavy Fable user. Not so much Astra. I'm
going to test this out a little bit
more. But Grockot and Fable,
why am I spending so much money on this
stuff? Because it is a superpower. For
example, for the Pioneer Bonds right
now, we're doing so many things,
complicated updates.
And this thing is an absolute gamecher.
Astra just announced, by the way, Astra
for lawyers. Look at this here. They are
just launching this. This is the end by
the way. This is the end of the lawyers
without music. So
that just launched I think today and now
they're rolling this out in beta for law
firms. And I tell you I know Astra, I
know Fable, I'm using it for legal
stuff. It's working very nicely. If they
have a harness that is now targeted
lawyer to towards lawyers, this is the
end of law firms. I mean it's not the
end of law firms. The law firms will be
very happy. It's the end of lawyers.
So
these things are now happening exactly
as predicted in 2027 in Q1 there will be
an inflection point and things will
suddenly really work in the real world
maybe even a little earlier. And that's
the reason why people pay so much for
compute. That is the reason why things
explode. Okay?
And it's always like it's work, you
know, it it's being improved. This
capability step by step is being
improved and improved and improved, but
it's always below the feasibility
threshold. It approaches that threshold
from the down. It's like a surface. It's
like the surface of the sea. The fish
comes from 10,000 feet underwater in the
whatever like the deep sea and goes up
and up and there's a lot of work to go
up but you on the surface you just think
oh there's no fish what are you talking
about no fish coming but we are tracking
this we see the fish is very close to
the surface and the fish the AI fish
will get through the surface in the next
four months and once it's through the
surface it means suddenly these things
will
have a massive impact on certain
verticals and then on all verticals by
the end of 2027. And that is what Elon
is talking about. That is why compute
buildout is absolutely accelerating and
exploding
because the people who build it out
anthropic and open AI, they're not
wildly investing in this stuff without
knowing what they're doing. Gavin Baker
made it clear.
Every gigawatt of compute that Enthropic
can get their greedy little hands on
translates immediately into billions and
billions of profit. Not even revenue
profit. Every single gigawatt of compute
for OpenAI and Enthropic translates into
massive profit. Especially for
Enthropic. OpenI is like a little bit of
a probability problem, but they're
catching up. And let that sink in, guys.
We are not in the investment phase
anymore where you invest into a J curve
and don't see any ROIC return on
invested capital. You see immediate
profit. Okay, let that sink in because
you're selling you're selling
effectively super cheap genius workers
and the demand of the world in the world
for ingenious immediate workers is
infinite. You sell them to them and
you're making immediate money. This is a
giant
I'm just being dramatic here so you
understand. This is a giant cash flow
printing machine. You're digging this
stuff out. You're getting compute in
your hands and you immediately print
profit.
We have to understand what that means.
It means there will be a massive
pressure on buildout. The reason why
this works is because it has a direct
and immediate massive impact on
profitability and productivity of the
people who use it, of the businesses and
the people who use it.
And all this lagging news flow that
says, "Oh, AI is not productive yet."
You can absolutely forget it. I use it
every day. Everyone who's in coding
understands for six months now this is
hyperproductive. What are you talking
about? Everyone who's in law since today
is like it's game over.
This is the time where this becomes a
real game over thing. You do not need
fantasy anymore. At least not in four
months anymore. In medicine, in
administration, in all kinds of
business, in everything you can imagine
these things will have a breakthrough.
So
it is happening now.
That's what we focus on in Pioneer
Lands. That's why we are bringing out
drop 2.0. So everyone can jump on these
things now. And from an investment
perspective, what does it all mean?
Let's go to the stocks. What happened
today and what does it mean for the
stocks? The main beneficiary, one of the
main beneficiaries of this whole thing
of course will be SpaceX. Where's my
SpaceX overview? SpaceX. Look at this.
There's an Nvidia revenue model. Look at
this. Nvidia projected revenue. Let that
sink in. You have to understand the
value chain. Nvidia's projected revenue
for 2027,
$210
billion,
comes from SpaceX. Let that sink in.
SpaceX and XAI plan to pay Nvidia
$210
billion next year.
That gives you a sense of the scale of
what's going on with Colossus 1 2 3 4
maybe. And of course the AI compute
satellites that are being in
preparation. I don't know how much it's
probably a tiny fraction of that revenue
in 2027. But the AI satellite revenue
will absolutely explode into 2029 2030.
It will be the number one thing and it
will be Nvidia powered. So now we can
connect the dots. Enthropic and open AI
generate the value massive productivity
growth for the economy they are pouring
into built out of compute that they want
from people like SpaceX, Amazon,
Microsoft Meta. Then these people turn
around go to Micron Technologies and
Nvidia and say dudes we need infinitity
chips. Then Nvidia also turns around to
Micron and TSMC and buys their stuff.
Okay, it all comes from the top dudes
which is Anthropic and OpenAI
increasingly also Grock. By the way,
Grock is still behind three, four
months, but they're catching up. Elon
published some things and they are
translating this into value. So, there
you have it. And I am incredibly bullish
as you guys know, not because I'm
delusional, but because I predicted this
in 2025. I'm tracking it in Pioneer Lens
with our team every week. And we are on
track and slightly ahead of the
prediction of the singularity. And that
means in 2027 there will be an absolute
explosion.
And Elon's prediction of 4% GDP growth
instead of 2% because of AI is just
absolutely massive. And that is exactly
the source of all that stuff pouring in
here. And this Nvidia revenue projection
just tells you how SpaceX is at the
absolute frontier. What does it mean for
SpaceX stock? Of course, it's very
bullish for SpaceX stock. Just have to
consider that SpaceX is very expensive
at two trillion and has to catch up a
little bit.
Jumped around a little bit today. Let's
see what's going on here. But
strategically, SpaceX is just in a very
very very good position. uh Tesla is
just a base beneficiary from the whole
thing because this entire exponential
curve benefits anyone who's a leader in
AI has a mode carved out and Tesla of
course has the mode of being the world's
leading physically AI company uh
embodied AI here you see the Cyber Cap
tracker on Pioneer Lens by the way still
at 42 not much happening you see also
the SpaceX tracker in six days we have
the next chair unlocked so I'm going
short some calls shortly before on
September 24th. I would predict another
drop as I was right last time when this
happens. But generally SpaceX is on a
very good track. Do we have the new
pioneer brief up? Yes, the new Pioneer
Brief is up. By the way, go to
pioneer.org.
This is a fun story we have here. How
Trump overruled the three AI techno
kings and what it means for humanity.
So, we have some very good stories here.
You can check it out on
pioneerlands.org.
Uh, but this is happening.
Tesla is stuck right now loading. So,
let's go to the chat and see what you
guys think about this whole thing. Today
is a day where we update the trajectory.
I just want to get you back on track to
not forget that we live in these crazy
times in this macro perspective on the
AI trajectory and using all these inputs
we get here. The inputs of Nvidia
revenue, SpaceX, you need to connect
these dots to understand if you're on
track. All of these things are important
pieces of the puzzle and the puzzle is
something of extreme importance.
Let's go into the chat. You're absolute
bollocks, Joe. Why is that? Uh, I love
to hear more. Kevin Tane, good morning
from Melbourne, Australia. Good morning,
Kevin. Great to have the Australians on
board. Hello from Nora.
Nor. How do you say no? Nor.
I don't even know how to say it. Norway.
What about that? Um, it's funny how
Tesla is going full steam ahead and the
stock does nothing. I guess they're
like, I believe when I see it. Well,
I promise you this weekend we have the
options.
We have the options course out on
Pioneer Lands because I'm making a lot
of money on Tesla right now and I will
explain to you guys how uh but it will
be courses. You know, we have the
Pioneer Academy down here. We have just
the model courses, but the options
courses are coming this weekend.
And what I'm doing, you know, the the
the power of options is very simple. The
power of options is that you can
capitalize on your conviction if you're
right. And when I look at Tesla, I'm
super happy about Tesla today. I just
realized because we talk about it how
I always forget how normal shareholders
feel because my bet I have a massive bet
on Tesla not going far below 360. In
simple options terms, I'm selling puts
like a crazy person uh at 360 strike
price and 362 some contracts at 365
some, but I'm not going higher than
that. I have a few at 35750,
but I'm really focusing on the 360 and
you're getting like depending how long
the term is, but we talking about 10
days or less. I have it all stacked in
my matrix, right? I have a bunch of
strike prices around 360 and then
stacked all across like different
uh you know 3 days, 5 days, 7 days,
9 days expiration
and it's printing like crazy. I mean
today was another enormous printing day.
To be fair, it's also because of Bitcoin
because Micro Strategy was good to me
today. I was shocked how much money I
made today. What's even going on here?
16% up. Yeah, I mean Micro Strategy,
it's not the biggest position, but it's
big enough to really move the portfolio
today. Uh but Tesla was a good day for
me. Uh so
what is the uh learning here? If you
have conviction, I have very strong
conviction as you know that Tesla is on
an uptrend even though a lot of bears
think it's not. I think it wants to
close the gap to 380. I think we have
enormous tailwinds. Uh I think we also
have some headwinds and maybe Cyber Cap,
you know, scales slower. We don't know.
Let's see how it goes. I think there
will be a day in the next three months
where this thing goes up like crazy. But
I cannot I don't have super high
conviction we go really up towards 400
right now. It might absolutely happen. I
would not bet against it, but I'm not
having strong conviction there. My
highest conviction is that Tesla will
have a very hard time going down from
here. Very hard time going under 350.
Very hard time. And that means it's very
likely saying over 360. And if I get
eight bucks, for example, premium on a
360 strike price if I sell it, boom,
it's just money printing every single
day where this thing hovers around here.
It's a lot of money.
So, you have to I mean, that's why we're
doing Pioneer Alpha. That's why I like
also trading stock and not or options
engineering around a stock that we
understand very well.
Uh starting will be added. I agree. I
would indeed be nice if Tesla stock
actually did something for a change s.
Well, that's why I love options. If it
doesn't do anything, that's even better
for me. That's even better for alpha.
Tesla made you sad. Tesla is not that
sad today. What's even I didn't even
follow the NASDAQ. Look at the NASDAQ.
Uh oh, it went up quite a lot in the
end. That's a little sad. I I agree.
Little sad for Tesla, but 4% up. Tesla
just sucking a little bit here. Half a
percent down.
Don't be too sad. They're much worse
days.
Hello. No. How do you say no? No. No.
I don't even know. My Norwegian is bad.
I should learn Norwegian, too. It's so
easy to learn Norwegian if you can speak
a little Swedish.
Staling will be added to Vivo Direct to
sell in Brazil. Partnership was
confirmed. What do you think about that?
The problem is we modeled this all out.
Mio
SpaceX is just too expensive. All the
stalling stuff does nothing. Just I'm
totally frank with you guys. It's nice
that it's happening, but it's like Model
Y sales going up a little bit for Tesla.
No one cares. Like at $2 trillion, no
one cares. Okay, this does not move the
needle. It's good that it's happening,
but that's it.
Uh the end of lawyers. I'm not kidding.
It is the end of lawyers. No one no
tears will be shed.
Um Gavin, hello Joe from land down
under. Another Aussie or is down under
just Austral uh Australia or is it also
New Zealand? I don't know. Finally
caught your live show. What did I miss?
Not much. We discussing the most
important things. Well, actually a lot.
You have to rewatch the video. It's
going to be live because that was
actually important what I said. I caught
everyone up on the AI trajectory and all
the new breadcrumbs we have. The
breadcrumbs that very big things are in
the works. Not just SpaceX, not just
Tesla. I'm talking about the world. I'm
talking about the AI infrastructure
built out in the frontier models. When
you connect the dots between everything
that has just
happened, the AI techno kings here on
Pioneer Lens, our story of the week, how
Trump overruled the three AI techno
kings and what it means for humanity.
Have to read this
in the pioneer brief. It's very big
stuff. You have to connect all the dots.
Not just Trump, not just the techno
kinks, not just pacing the frontier.
Also, what Elon says about the economy,
what the New York Times said about
anthropic and open AI that they grow to
10 gawatt each. Then the confirmation
from Alima and Brett Gersonner that he
believes they're growing together 14
gawatt. So, a little less, but also
massively next year. and then connecting
all these dots.
I tell you guys, you need to be
prepared. This is going to get very
serious
and enormous opportunities.
Aonda says, "It's quite in the chat
Friday night." Yes, not much going on,
but that's fine. Uh,
greetings Joe from Tempe, Arizona.
Excellent analyst on Terrafab today. Are
you covering Sunday's Meckllinburgg
Western Pomerania elections?
Yes.
Western Pomerania Brand Meckllinburgg
for Pomman.
Meckllinburgg Western Pomerania. That's
fun. Yes. Need the cold spring to be
released.
Exactly. Looks like the prospects for
merch center right Christian democratic
union are bleer and bleaker by the day.
It will be very interesting. We will
have a politics show. We will cover
Meckllinburgg for Pman, but also what
happened to Zax Saxony Anhal because
they're forming a coalition. This is all
very interesting. Sweden also has an
update. They actually got a leftwing
government now. It's horrible. Poor
little Swedes. Um,
are you sure, Joe, this weekend? Is it
this a rerun or live?
Michael strategy all in. I wouldn't be
all in China shill,
but it's it's a good stock to have right
now.
What do you predict number of cyber caps
on the roads by year's end? I'm not
sure.
This whole audit situation is
interesting.
There's a lot of tactics going on now.
I do still think we will have upside
surprises. It might be that Tesla will
actually be constrained to 2 and a half
thousand.
I take this very seriously. People don't
fully understand the audit issue with
Tesla. But this a they cannot pass the
audit. Okay, I said it again and again.
Tesla will fail the audit. They will
need to file for an exception and get a
cap of 2 and a half thousand cyber caps.
There's no way around that if the audit
proceeds in time.
If if the updated rules will be adopted
by Nitsa before then the problem can be
solved and I think that's possible. Now
Tesla is in a situation that they have
to report back to Nitsa what they plan
to do. If they say we want to roll out
10,000 cyber caps I think that
accelerates pressure from Nitsa to not
do it.
So it's a little bit of a tricky
situation that will be there for the
next three four months until this is
like a little bit more clear.
So yeah, so we finally hit some
regulatory roadblocks. At the same time,
Nitsa cannot look too stupid because
they are basically working against
themselves. They have their old stupid
rules. They already said we want to have
a new rule adopted that would solve that
problem. And they have the new framework
and the works that takes until 2028 in
my opinion. So very difficult to
predict. Peps Peps,
greetings from Austria. I love your
content and how you explain everything
in such great detail with common sense.
Thank you so much.
I love
Austria is a beautiful country with
amazing people. So some people say it's
the better Germans. The Austrians are
more a little bit more elegant and a
little less like difficult to deal with.
But Germans have also great strengths.
I don't use handles says do you think
the market is ready for 10,000 cyber
caps by end of year it is feasible but
as I outlined let's see what this whole
Nitsa situation does I think in the
current situation before we see the next
iteration of this back and forth it
wouldn't be the smartest thing for Tesla
to aggressively roll out more than two
and a half thousand cyber caps it would
be very
it would very it would be very
provocative to do that in the middle of
an audit that clearly implies you're not
going to pass the audit and you didn't
file for an exception and the exception
only gives you two and a half thousand.
So I think we have we are hitting a
little bit of a
now regulatory battle. Nothing of
strategic importance in my opinion this
will be resolved
if we get lucky. If we get lucky, the
rule adoption will happen this year and
that would and before the audit
continues and that would be a huge
roadblock remover and then Tesla can
operate under partial certainty
and scale in my opinion and hope that
stupid framework gets adopted soon.
Okay, here nor
pronounced similar to the English word
born
but with shorter crisp vowel. Born
nor
wait what?
Nor
like an a and so sofa.
Sofa like in go.
Ah no.
Did I say it right?
Hey. Hey.
Hi Joe. Planet orange purple ring.
Planet orange purple ring. What does
that mean? Is this Mars? Is it Saturn?
What is planet orange purple ring?
I I see it in my chat because I don't
watch YouTube directly the chat.
Um,
in any case, Aonda just let me know you
did good.
Finally, I learned how to say it.
I I need a slightly Danish accent,
right, to say eso.
I'm trying.
Uh,
I know Norwegian sounds like a little
bit like Swedish without the singing and
with a slight Danish touch, but not too
much. That's all I know.
For Germans, actually,
nor
sounds actually a tiny little bit more
normal than either Danish or Swedish.
It's a little bit more normal for Tusk
people.
Okay guys, so
that's it for today. We had a double
session today because we had also the
Terrafab video. Check out the Terra
video. Check out pioneerance.org. We
make it quick today because I have to
actually run. Uh, tomorrow we will see
what happens. Every day is exciting. I'm
super excited about drop 2.0. Of course,
for you guys probably very abstract what
I'm saying, but you will have on Pioneer
Lands very soon a very cool AI
enablement system that helps you to do
things
seamlessly. In case you're not already
AI nerds, if you're AI nerds and geeks
and you have it under control, that's
fine. But this helps you to map out your
skills, turn them into things you can
plug into codeex or grockboard or
whatever and be massively productive. It
will be beautiful.
So I hope that was interesting. I find
this today a very good for me. I had a
very good day. I cannot complain
uh about the stock market because my
thesis that Tesla doesn't drop below 360
pays off every day. And uh hopefully we
have the options courses online this
week and then I can
tell you more about that stuff. Thank
you so much for tuning in. Let's
conclude this for today and I see you
guys tomorrow. Greetings to Arizona, to
Australia, to No,
to Sweden.
I don't know if you have the Danes on
today. to Denmark and to all across the
beautiful United States
and to Germany. Do we have Germans on?
So yeah, I hope you enjoyed that and I
see you guys tomorrow. Until then.