Channel:     futureaza
Title:       Tesla's Biggest Stock Question Finally Answered
URL:         https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jqBycb4M93Q
Published:   2026-08-01 18:00 UTC
Fetched:     2026-08-01 19:00 UTC

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

The problem came when Elon and Ashok
when they both kind of said that they
did not promise and anyway didn't give
any guidance in terms of is this going
to go mass scale before the end of this
year or will take another year. And that
left people even though Ashok said it's
going to be double-digit exponential
growth every single week. And he goes
that will carry you to the rest of the
year. And then he said we're going
city-by-city and we need to go
city-by-city for now, but we're hoping
to get eventually to state-by-state. But
he didn't give a timeline. And then Elon
made by saying I think it's a 10% at
this point and then it's all maximum
about safety. We cannot even have one.
People took that and said, "Oh my god,
that means that they are being super
super safe. It's going to be we won't
see robot taxi scale at all this year."
If they all just said, "Given that
that's what it is now, probably by the
end of this year we will see real
massive scale." That would have been the
difference.
&gt;&gt; Tesla's had a pretty good run depending
when you bought in or the worst run of
your life depending when you bought in
and whether or not you made some crazy
mistakes in the past that could outrank
it. Is now the time to sell? Some people
sure seem to think so. Others disagree.
Well, I brought on one of those
disagreeable fellows. Herbert from
Reuters here to school me on why I
shouldn't dump it all and put it in
Beanie Babies. I'm Brian. Welcome to
Future Oraza.
&gt;&gt; [singing and music]
&gt;&gt; Beanie Babies
that I'm buying the dip. They're so much
cheaper now than they were in the '90s.
This is going to really pay off.
I really don't think.
&gt;&gt; [laughter]
&gt;&gt; But you know, there were people who
really went bananas.
So
Tesla stock not doing so hot lately.
Don't know if you've seen, maybe you
have. We're recording this on the 29th.
If we look at our five-day our down 38%.
Our one-month down
uh 26% our 6-month down 27% year-to-date
30% 1-year down five. I mean, this is
you got to go back five years to find
good news.
It's a a little bit brutal this week and
there are uh
people are saying, you know, it's been
flat for so long. I've got a post from
Sawyer here uh saying that you know, we
we saw
the
we saw flatness. Sawyer Merritt
@SawyerMerritt Tesla stock was basically
flat from 2013 to 19. Tesla's always
been a stock that makes most of its
gains in short periods of time and then
stays flat while it's recharging for the
next run. Some people aren't cut out for
that. In general, people focus too much
on stock price. Real pain was being all
in on Tesla stock in 2017-18 and not
knowing if the company would survive
while seeing constant short seller
attacks and fud or watching it drop 75%
from its peak in late '21 to $101 a
share. So, while it's 24% off its
all-time high right now, this is a
little bit out of date. Um
Anyway,
uh thoughts on that. So, first of all,
it's time to sell, right?
&gt;&gt; You know, it's a nuanced answer to all
this, right? Cuz the first of all, Tesla
investors is not one
homogeneous group. There's a lot of
different kind of people here. There's a
long-term investors, there's a
short-term investors, there's people who
play options, there's people who don't
have money that uh invested in the
company and need that money in the next
year and some people
put their
their IRAs in there and 401ks and they
don't care. They will can wait 20 years
until they you know, retire. So, it's
very it's a hard I'm I'm not one to talk
stock. I don't tell people what to do. I
don't even have my own um I don't play
short-term because you know, there are
the game is for me because I don't I I
do a lot of shows on stock because a
vast majority of my Sorry, the vast
majority of my audience are Tesla
investors.
The good size group of that are
long-term committed investors. And then
but there are people there that are
short-term. They want to hear about
options. They want to hear about
short-term movements. So that I will
have the shows about stock as well.
So given that, let's start with you
know, what's going on and what the how
do I think about what's going on with
the stock? So
you know, it's a backdrop against you're
watching other companies skyrocket. You
got the microns that went 10x. You got
the Nvidia and you saw that story of
play out over the last 2 years. You see
the open AIs skyrocket. Well, you can't
invest in open AI, but you know, these
companies that people have invested in
that have skyrocketed because of the AI
impact. Tesla has not seen that. And yet
it's an AI play.
So you people are very frustrated. Okay,
because you it's one thing to say, "Hey,
I invested this company and I'm going to
stay in it for long-term and it'll
skyrocket it someday." It's another
thing when you're looking at other
stocks and going, "Wow, should I put my
money there instead?" So why not? If you
have share ownership, I'm not one of the
people that by the way, just to be
clear, I'm not one of those that it
says, "Thou shalt only buy Tesla and
only Tesla." You have to put all your
money into Tesla and only Tesla cuz
there are Alexander Merces
self-proclaimed saying this is the stock
that she believes in and doesn't feel
like she should invest in other stocks.
I've never been one who would proclaim
that or even tell people to do that. You
need to do right and you should not be
concentrated in one company. You can
have multiple companies.
And so why not put some of your
investments into, you know, flyers and
other AI stocks, okay? Um
So, let's So, let's start with If we
focus on Tesla, what's going on here,
it is frustrating, right? It is a story
stock. And so, I've always been saying
this though with story stocks that the
auto business, which is the core
business, needs to be strong in the
first place.
And we just finally, the last quarter,
seen the turnaround where the auto
business has turned around and becoming
strong again.
Okay? So, in the last several years, if
your auto business is struggling, it's
hard for people to invest in the story.
These stories have taken up a lot of the
stock price, and that's why it went up
to the all-time high in December because
we're starting to see FSD actually work.
That was the moment when people realized
that it's no longer does it work, it's
now yes, it works. It's now when will
robotaxis rolled out at scale so that we
can actually see a real earnings. And
so, that change happened around that
time, and you got version 4.13 come out
and that just shocked everybody. We are
now here in July, and no one is
questioning at this point whether or not
robotaxi is going to if if it works.
What they're questioning is is it enough
nines, margin nines, or safety that you
can do this
and and promise that you can actually
have robotaxi all over the world, any
location, any time, and go truly at mass
scale. That's the final question. But
whether or not,
vision only, does that you know, do you
need lidar and all that that that's been
put to bed, right?
So, [clears throat] now we're sitting
here. The stock fell significantly in my
mind mostly because the robo stock story
at the earnings call was poorly told by
Elon and even the team. If if all they
said because, you know, I love the fact
that that Ashok took the the way they
did this the the the earnings call was
they let Ashok have a significant time
segment to talk as much as possible. And
he did a great job explaining everything
that they're doing with robot taxi. The
problem came when Elon and Ashok when
they both kind of said
that they did not this did not promise
in any way, didn't give any guidance in
terms of
is this going to go mass scale before
the end of this year or will take
another year?
And that left people even though Ashok
said it's going to be double-digit
exponential growth every single week.
And that will And he goes to that will
carry to the rest of the year.
And then he said we're going city by
city and we need to go city by city for
now, but we're hoping to get eventually
to a state by state.
But he didn't give a timeline.
And then Elon made it worse by saying I
think it's a 10% at this point.
And then it's all maximum about safety.
We cannot even have one.
People took that and said, "Oh my god,
that means that they are being super
super safe. It's going to be we won't
see robot taxi scale at all this year."
If they all just said
"Given that that's what it is now,
but
probably by the end of this year we will
see massive scale."
That would have been the difference.
Because I believe that that is still on
the table.
That I think it's wrong for people to
think that that's no longer on the
table. That all of this year we are in
August already, so it's kind of like
last half. That all of the rest year it
will just be small little pockets of
growth. I think
that if FSD version 15 is closed
and they said that we're 40% of
integration of the seven parallel
tracks.
But number one, FSD version 15 is
already being used in robot taxis,
that's fantastic news. They close out
the issues with the destination
parking the destination parking me
reasoning and memory.
When that in place with version 15
getting ridiculously safe,
that's the time when they're going to go
mass scale.
And nothing else is stopping that. Not
regulation, not infrastructure. They
kind of made that clear. So, coming up
in this video, I'm going to be asking
you about uh
the future of those products.
Um and uh uh
merger potential ideas and what the
impact is. But first I did want to say
that this doesn't mean all of these
things don't mean anything in terms of
execution. What the stock market thinks
[snorts]
doesn't matter. What the stock market
thinks uh short-term is irrelevant to
me. They're In 2019, we all saw the same
mud field.
And others concluded nothing's going to
happen, and I concluded I can see it. I
can see what comes next. And that was
the basis of my investment thesis at the
time.
I've done well by that.
Right now, as far as I'm concerned, it's
a show me the money moment. If you don't
believe that Megapacks are real, you can
go look at the money. It's there. You
can see it. Uh if [snorts] you don't
believe automotive sales are strong, you
can go see it. But when it comes to
Optimus, when it comes to robotaxi, you
can't really see it yet. The
price-to-earnings ratio, despite the
tumble in share price, is still
outsized. The question is,
how long is your horizon and do you
believe that the price-to-earnings will
become rational within that time? And if
you don't see it, it may be the wrong
stock for you.
But let's go to the flip side here.
Tesla stock hasn't been this oversold in
more than a year.
When it's oversold like this, not saying
this will happen, not saying these
people are predicting the future. They
are not. When a stock is oversold like
this, it generally stands an above
average chance of a strong rebound.
That's kind of the gist of it.
Um if you want more insights like that,
subscribe. This is the future we will
all be living in, of course. Uh but
that's not the important part.
So, uh
do you think that Do you think that the
price-to-earnings ratio will be anywhere
close to rational within 10 years?
&gt;&gt; Uh no. [laughter]
&gt;&gt; No.
&gt;&gt; And I agree.
&gt;&gt; Uh well, the reason is number one is
it's a complicated question, but Tesla
as a company is an innovation company,
and every couple years they come up with
a brand new thing. If you thought you
invested in EVs, uh and then all of a
sudden they start doing energy packs,
and then all of a sudden they start
introducing autonomy, and then they
start introducing robots, and then they
go, "Oh, we're also now doing chips, and
now we're going to do AI data centers
and AI, and it's like it's never
ending." And so, there's always going to
be the stock jumps, and then it'll
settle floor, and then there's like
promise promise promise, story story
story, because well, that's a good
thing, because it's an innovation
company. If you invest in a [laughter]
company that doesn't do any innovation
at all, Procter &amp; Gamble or something
like that, then that's what you've got,
right? It's a simple stock. A P/E ratio
works really well for that. In this
case, in a couple years, the P/E ratio
of 200 will fall to 35 once when
robotaxi revenue skyrockets and earnings
come out.
Then, but then P/E will jump again,
because people will be, you know,
excited about optimist. Stock market is
always ahead of the game, and that's why
the stock is higher, then it falls,
because then it gets spooked going,
"Okay, it's going to take a lot longer
than we all thought."
So, yeah, it's
And then the what's complicated this
whole thing is SpaceX is very likely
going to buy Tesla. At this point given
these answer the fact that he brought in
the corporate lawyer the mergers and
acquisition lawyer on the on the call at
the earnings call pretty low chance at
this point that he's not going to buy
it. Now we don't know when it could be
next year it could be two years from now
but the his goal of trying to get SpaceX
to buy Tesla. So now are we talking
about that?
&gt;&gt; So let's talk about that because
I have been consistently on the side
that it's unlikely to happen and that
maybe it shouldn't happen and I'll tell
you one reason why is
the majority of Tesla investors now are
institutional and if this merger were to
happen that would mean that they would
no longer get to vote. I don't know if
that's something institutional investors
will do but let's look at this article
SpaceX stock is down 49% circa the
publication of this. Elon says that's
exactly what investors should expect not
years of
lagging but perhaps decades. These are
decades long investments.
&gt;&gt; So where did Elon say that?
&gt;&gt; SpaceX has been warning investors all
along its long-term ambitions could
conflict with quarterly earnings
expectations. Gwynne Shotwell said at
the time of the IPO that the company is
measuring its operating horizons in
decades not months must reinforce that
message during a recent interview with
the economist acknowledge that public
companies face relentless pressure to
produce strong quarterly results. One of
the challenges of being
&gt;&gt; Okay. Got you.
&gt;&gt; Got you.
&gt;&gt; So he was he was interviewed recently
and what he said was that there's a
difference between the institutional
investors who are focused on the
quarterly's and I prefer retail
investors who are focused in the long
term. Yeah.
&gt;&gt; But what I will [snorts] say is if
the plan is to not make tremendous
profit for even 10 years
a lot of investors are going to become
impatient and frustrated and
that this if the stock if the PE is
already at hundreds then I don't see
much room for the stock to grow
if there's no plan to meaningfully get
under hundreds.
You've got to you've got to grow the
companies in terms of profit in terms of
revenue and I think that those
would be things that would
it there there are investors who would
if a merger is going to happen would
sell. Because they they would look at it
and say look the SpaceX side with all
the AI with the you know
massive investment in data centers both
terrestrial and potentially in orbit
that there would be
no way to make money
on a reasonable time frame for them to
see the stock appreciate the way they
would want it to and that would be a
concern.
Should I mean what are your thoughts on
that?
&gt;&gt; I agree. So this is something I've been
deeply researching at this point which
is if SpaceX buys Tesla does that mean
that we're now pushing earnings
yet again we're all chasing earnings all
over again for many many years.
Right? Cuz if robotaxi comes great but
that's not enough anymore with the
SpaceX combined merger merged entity.
&gt;&gt; Mhm.
&gt;&gt; The people I've been interviewing Aaron
Barnett Gary Goldberg who have deep you
know financials and forecasts the best
the best in industry Aaron Barnett's Moc
33
and they're showing that SpaceX revenue
and earnings is actually equal is
equivalent to Tesla. That's their pitch
right? They're basically you got
robotaxi that's going to generate we're
all waiting for robotaxi to start
generating real revenue right? Real
earnings.
&gt;&gt; Mhm. [clears throat]
&gt;&gt; Same time they're saying not only
Starlink
but take a look at um I mean their their
claim is that Starlink is equivalent to
robo-taxi and that AI data center is
equivalent to robots.
So, by merging the two,
you're you're not exactly just pushing
you're kicking the can down yet even so
further. That's their their pie. I need
to figure that out, right? The big The
big thing is AI data center rental.
That's almost a high chance of
generating significant revenue. I
believe and we'll see if this is true in
the next week or two, maybe I don't know
when, maybe a month or two, just after
the earnings call, some point when it
when SpaceX is ready to announce a
merger with a um Tesla,
they're going to have They're lining up
big deals, rental deals, data center
rental deals,
that not only will be for terrestrial
data centers, but actually prepaying for
future uh space rental deals. That could
be significant revenue immediately. And
then the next thing is macro hard. If
macro hard comes out, and and then this
is a big if, I have no idea. That could
immediately be equivalent to an
Anthropic revenue.
Okay? Cuz they're now got a competitive
to um Anthropic's uh cloud code. Now,
you've got macro hard and you know,
digital optimist, whatever they're going
to call it, right? That could be a very
big surprise. We don't know cuz that's
why they bought cursor. It could be
huge. Now, that could be huge. Now, the
other thing is of course AI data
centers. Now, that could take a lot
longer than people realize.
But, if the if the Grok if that if that
digital optimist comes out, that's the
that's the thing that I think we need to
watch out for to see if that can be a
real deal.
&gt;&gt; Mhm.
&gt;&gt; Otherwise, and so then that will bring
real revenue, real earnings right here
in the next several years. You don't
have to wait for that.
And that's equivalent to robo-taxi,
you're good. If that is delayed, then
yeah, it's an issue with SpaceX buying
Tesla and we're just kicking the
earnings can down the road yet again.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Now,
the
do you know Okay, I I'm not going to ask
you to disclose other people's
positions, but I will say that the
people I have seen pushing for the
merger the hardest are ones who own
shares in SpaceX.
&gt;&gt; Larry Larry has owner ownership of of
SpaceX, but actually he's not he
is not necessarily wanting to have the
merger.
&gt;&gt; Oh, okay.
&gt;&gt; And and I want to be clear here. Like
people go, "Oh, Herbert, all you ever do
is talk about SpaceX and Tesla merger.
You and Alexander Merz and you're
pushing it and you want it. Am I?" All I
do is saying, "If they two come
together, this is what's going to happen
We have to start talking about it." This
is This is It's like First we were
saying there's breadcrumbs that SpaceX
going to buy Tesla. Nobody believed it
and they're like, "No, no, no." Now it's
like pretty clear.
&gt;&gt; like Now it's like, "Who's this guy? Oh,
him? Uh the the mergers and acquisitions
guy? Ah, he's just hanging out. He
wanted to try out our lunchroom."
&gt;&gt; Yeah, he he was there on the call. Elon
himself never denied it. Gwynne Shotwell
never denied it when they were asked
straight-forward. And in fact, they
didn't just not deny it. They actually
said there's a lot of synergies. Gwynne
goes, "It would sure make Elon's life
better."
&gt;&gt; [laughter]
&gt;&gt; Right.
&gt;&gt; It's like
That is obvious.
&gt;&gt; That is as
&gt;&gt; I'll tell you the only thing that would
excite me is the idea of having a Gwynne
Shotwell type at Tesla. But that's the
only I mean, they can get a Gwynne
Shotwell type without without doing
that. I think that Elon is stretched too
thin
and we know that because about once a
year he comes to Tesla and says, "What
in the heck is going on?
Dad leaves the house for 5 seconds and
the whole place is on fire."
&gt;&gt; Nah, not true, but I mean, look so so
number one is like I do not have an
opinion on whether SpaceX should, you
know, it's I was a Tesla investor and
now I'm also a SpaceX investor. Do I
want the two to merge? I've no idea.
Until you know what the deal terms are.
If they go and say, "I'll buy Tesla at
the price it is now." I'll say no. If
they say, "I'll buy Tesla at $600." I
have to think deep about that one.
If they say, "I'll buy Tesla at $800." I
go, "Yeah, babe. Let's do it." Yeah,
you're you're going to more than double
my money. I'll take it. Uh
Yeah. So, the the last thing I wanted to
ask you about and by the way, thank you
so much for being here. Guys, you can
subscribe to Herbert's channel. It is,
you know, he does great work. And I
appreciate uh your
contributions to the community and your
friendship. I appreciate that.
&gt;&gt; Uh you too, bud.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, yeah, yeah. So, the last thing I
want to ask you about is if uh the two
companies were to merge, would there be
increased pressure to actually show a
profit?
Or would that profit uh motivation
evaporate since Elon would have
unlimited voting control? He would have
complete control of the company.
Shareholder votes would become
effectively advisory. There could be
instances where you'd say, "On this
particular thing, I'm not going to
vote." Uh but
would it would that revenue uh
requirement be stronger, weaker, or does
it even matter?
&gt;&gt; Wow. That is a very good question. Well,
first of all, uh people should realize
that this is not the first time that you
have a founder that has complete control
of a company.
If you look at the Mac 7, the vast
majority of them, you have founders have
double voting rights than others
than everyone else. Uh at this point, I
think Tesla Elon might get
&gt;&gt; But that is not the company that I
invested in.
So, I just want to give that
perspective. But go ahead.
&gt;&gt; Right. That that you want to have a say
in in the vote in the in the vote say.
I mean, it's part of the your
calculation. If this is something you
want to vote yes for, if you want the to
happen or not. Does he care about
profit? Of course, he's already said he
doesn't care about profit said
quarterly. This relieves him of that. He
keeps moving forward with his plans
forward. The same time, the end of the
day, what is he doing? He's in
reinventing
industries.
He's inventing things like robotaxi
that's going to succeed, that Optimus
that's going to succeed, AI data centers
that's going to succeed. He's shocking
everybody at what he can do. X is now X
money just like he's promised. It's
happening. All of these are going to
make tremendous amount of money. So,
you know, yes and no.
He doesn't care about the quarterly, but
the numbers will still end up showing
up.
&gt;&gt; Cuz I worry that xAI has a capacity to
burn cash at a rate Tesla can only dream
of because xAI needs compute and right
now compute is eye-watering expensive.
&gt;&gt; look what he's done. Look what he's
done.
&gt;&gt; Oh, yeah. No, I'm I'm not arguing with
you.
&gt;&gt; He built the compute that they needed
and then he got other
his competitors to pay for it. He's done
the same thing with with with EVs. He
got his competitors to pay for his all
his factories with
&gt;&gt; And not only that, not only that, he
stood up and we say he when we what we
really mean is the genius engineers he's
capable of attracting in a very unique
way that others cannot.
&gt;&gt; [snorts]
&gt;&gt; His engineers stood up those data
centers so quickly and so effectively
that the CEO of Nvidia
was shocked, couldn't believe it, didn't
think it could be done in that way,
certainly in that time.
Made it so cost-effective that others
are now considering not building their
own and just using theirs because it's
so much faster and better. All that's
true and all that generates a huge
amount of money. The vertical
integration all helps. My concern would
be that if the two companies merged, uh
Tesla would start to look a little bit
more like its piggy bank in the way that
Waymo can lose infinite money because
daddy Alphabet's got the money to burn.
&gt;&gt; Well, it's one company now. So, you got
to if they merge, they're one company.
So, you own SpaceX.
So.
&gt;&gt; But, you know what I mean.
SpaceX AI is not generating revenue. Is
not revenue positive.
&gt;&gt; Well, that's what I'm trying to tell
you. Just wait. There's going to be a
series of announcements to tell you to
show you that these deals are massive. I
believe Microsoft will be one of the big
you know, customers. Uh they're all
lined up because they all need it. They
all need to have Colossus 2 is opened
up. It's got the
GB3 or what are the B300s?
It's got better chips. It's got
They're going to be selling this like
maybe I don't know.
&gt;&gt; Well, I'm just impressed that they're
not using B210s because those are old
Datsuns from the 70s.
&gt;&gt; [laughter]
&gt;&gt; Guys, what did we miss? What do we
misunderstand? Leave it in the comments
below. Everyone else, stay tuned, stay
juicy, and I can't wait to hear from you
clever robots when you school us on all
the things we missed.