Channel:     brighterwithherbert
Title:       SpaceX's S-1 Just Hinted at Tesla Acquisition
URL:         https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=l7gXgjDTUB8
Published:   2026-06-01 19:40 UTC
Fetched:     2026-06-01 20:00 UTC

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Today we'll go through some of the key
developments from this weekend that
matter for Tesla. First, SpaceX just
dropped an amendment to their S1 as they
prepare for an IPO June 12th and one
sentence there hints strongly that
SpaceX may acquire Tesla. Second,
another European country just approved
FSA supervised. Estonia joins the
Netherlands and Lithuania. Belgium's
Minister of Transport says that if all
goes well, approval there could follow
in the coming weeks. Plus, Tesla's
hiring vehicle operators in Slovenia and
Austria, a strong hint at who may be
next in line. Perfect timing as Tesla
sales in Europe skyrocketed in May.
Third, by now most of you have probably
seen that Elon Musk posted a video of
the first Cyber Cap driving itself out
of Giga, Texas. Ashwami added that soon
it will drive itself into Austin and
report for duty. But that's not all.
Tesla has also been authorized by the
state of Texas to operate driverless
vehicles selfcertifying as level 4.
Fourth, in a new note, Morgan Stanley
says Tesla owners are now driving with
FSE about 26.7 million miles per day, up
from 18.5 million just a few months ago.
They believe growing FSE adoption can
boost profitability. They also point to
Tesla's hiring of AI safety operators as
a sign robo taxi expansion is near, and
indeed, new job postings show Tesla is
also hiring robo taxi fleet supervisors.
Finally, David Moss and his team
successfully completed the world's first
fully autonomous coast to coast drive
across Canada with zero disengagements.
Cyber cabs are multiplying with dozens
spotted at Giga Texas and what appears
to be a camouflage Model Y has been seen
testing. The vehicle is now expected to
launch in the US within the coming
months. Today we've got Jeff Lutz
joining us. He's a multi-deade supply
chain executive and chief quality
officer. He's now CEO of his own
high-tech manufacturing consulting firm.
Welcome Jeff.
&gt;&gt; Hey Bert. Yeah, just a lot of stuff
dropped over the weekend and even this
morning. Let's go through it.
&gt;&gt; Let's go through it. This one here seems
to be the biggest hint we've ever seen
about Tesla may or SpaceX maybe merging
with Tesla. Uh SpaceX just dropped an
amendment to the form S1. SpaceX is
slated to go do an IPO, go public on
June 12th. We're talking 11 days from
now. And there's many new little nuggets
that came out, but this sentence here at
the top here is the most important. It
says uh in relation to acquisitions,
divestatures, or other strategic
transactions, SpaceX that says that they
may issue a significant amount of equity
in connection with future transactions.
This is a new sentence that was just
added. Your thoughts on that, Jeeoff?
I like the fact that it's plural versus
saying transaction because obviously
they have the cursor
deal out there and I think that could be
obviously significant equity. Then of
course there's potentially Tesla. It's
you know it's been discussed u at least
outside of Tesla and SpaceX. It's been
it's been discussed. So it's an
interesting thing for them to add. I
they knew about cursor when the S1
dropped before. Uh I'm not sure why they
put it in. So it's interesting that that
was put in in the last couple of weeks.
It's something we definitely want to
keep an eye on. I think it it is a hint.
And and this is also a very interesting.
You're seeing a lot of acquisitions, a
lot of strategic investments, a lot of
tie-ups happening in tech. I think the
front half of this current
administration, I think it's very
important that companies are going to
make a move.
Now may be a good time. Uh, and I think
you may see a lot more fireworks in the
second half of this year to be honest.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, that's a very good point about the
cursor one. Forgot all about it. But so
it could be cursor, but it's odd that or
not odd, but that they added it as an
amendment just prior as opposed to
including an original one. So I do think
it is plural. to set transactions. So,
looks like they're
&gt;&gt; thinking about a number of things, which
isn't surprising given the number of
businesses that SpaceX
&gt;&gt; will be. Uh, it's it's unbelievable. So,
yeah, I can see a lot of a lot of these
occurring.
&gt;&gt; I'm going to cover a couple more points
that was part of the amendment that I
think is important. One is this is so
cool. SpaceX has reserved 5% of its IPO
shares for employees, friends, and
family of his executive officers. First
of all, that's a lot. 5%
&gt;&gt; for employees
&gt;&gt; will not be subject to any lockup
period. Okay, that's important to know.
Um, I'm not going to go through all the
details here, so I'll leave it open for
you as audience if you want to pause the
video and read this. Uh, but the most
important part was right here. Elon has
agreed with the underwriters that during
a period of 366 days after the date of
this prospectus, all of the shares owned
by him are subject to restrictions
described in below, which means he
cannot sell it. He's locked up for 366
days. That's specific to him, not to
anyone else. So, he can't sell his
shares unlike everyone else. Yeah.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. And this is a gigantic IPO. So the
last thing you would want is you
wouldn't want
these very large moves. You see there's
a pretty big move happening after the
Cababus IPO and you know something of
this this is many times the size of of
of that IPO
and you wouldn't want the CEO having to
make any moves on it. So I yeah that's
probably a good thing and given the fact
that it's kind of
unparalleled in terms of what the you
know the lock up how short the lockup
period is and it's staged it's it's set
up in a way where you're not going to
have these cliffs that the market's
looking out for and setting options
around. It's set up in a way where it
smooths it out and I think this is a
good thing that that Elon has this for
at least a year.
&gt;&gt; Okay. Thank you Jeeoff. All right. So
now FSE supervised now approved in
Estonia. This is the third country in
Europe uh following Netherlands and
Lithuania.
So they've now approved it. Thank you to
Keith for following this. Um the
Estonian Transport Authority approved
the Dutch RDW type certification for
Tesla's full self-driving system goes
into effect right away May 29th follows
Lithuania. Now he said two EU countries,
it's actually three Um he followed up
later explaining that the regulatory
dominoes are starting to fall across
Europe. And then Yantasai, executive for
AI said, "Welcome to the autonomy
future." Now this is good. Anek Ditter,
we've been following her. She's the
Ministry of Transport for Belgium. Look
what she said. She goes, "If all goes
well, approval will follow in the coming
weeks. For the time being, it only
concerns Tesla with a full self-driving
system and it remains supervised. You
have to still sit in the driver's seat.
that is already possible. Netherlands,
Estonia, and Lithuania. We really have
to be next. Okay. So, she's pushing
hard. This is sound like it's going to
happen. I think they said that they had
have 5,000 kilometers and they're pretty
well there. They they already got the
5,000 km they needed to do. Thoughts on
that, Jeeoff?
&gt;&gt; Yeah. No, this is this is great. And I
think there's going to be eventually
clusters of company uh countries
uh that start approving in Europe. The
software is only getting better.
And again, with the Netherlands approval
and so many of them that that of the
member states that that leverage that
approval, I I I just think we're just in
a a paperwork loop that once they're
through this and maybe whatever kind of
regression testing they they would want
to do to an individual country, they do.
But I think throughout this summer,
you're going to see a number of
approvals. This is exciting. I just I
was using FSD all weekend and probably
drove a couple hundred miles and it's
just effortless. You don't feel like you
would normally feel after driving a
couple hundred miles uh in a short
period of time, start and stop in in
city traffic, highway traffic. You just
you it's a completely it's a it's a it's
a life-changing experience to be honest
with you. and life-changing in many ways
both in the comfort I just spoke about
as well as avoiding accidents and and
and and collisions. So
&gt;&gt; yeah,
I think many more coming.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, one of the stories we'll cover
later is the very first Canada cross
coast to coast drive. That's that's
crazy. Uh no interventions, no
interventions, no disengagements at all.
So uh signals of which other countries
are going to fall next FSE according to
Yoda because of job descriptions Tesla
is hiring for vehicle operators in
Slovenia and Austria. So maybe they're
going to be there as well. Okay, so car
sales in Europe is skyrocketing and this
is the latest as of May. Here are
uh numbers. France is up 6,000 655%.
Denmark 136%, Spain, Sweden, Norway all
up. Additional country data coming later
this week. Registrations of electrified
vehicles, including battery electric,
plug-in, hybrid, and hybrid models rose
about 21% in Europe, made up more than
2/3 of the region's total registrations
in April. So, it looks like that it's
not just Tesla, but the Tesla is
certainly going up. Now, when you're
comparing year-to-year, you got to
remember that the first half of 2025,
last year, they had to uh take down the
factories, but sales demand in general
has also improve improved in the region.
You can see that. Uh yeah, thoughts on
those numbers, Jeeoff?
&gt;&gt; Yeah, I mean, there's real there's
actual real growth here. And I I was the
one last year at this time reminding
people that the new Model Y wasn't an
inventory in in a number of these
countries just named. And I was told,
"No, no, no. That's not true. They have
it." I'm like, "Well,
I'm the supply chain person." I went and
looked this stuff up myself. Uh, but
anyway, it's uh beside beside the point,
there's actual real growth happening
here because even though the new Model Y
was in inventory, the older one was. And
you know, at the time last year,
everybody's like, "Oh, Elon and politics
and so forth." or I think he was just
leaving the White House in in in May.
But there's just a lot going on around
the company over that first 6-month time
period. But I think there's actual real
growth happening here. The price of oil
is extremely high. Again, we're in the
US. If you're watching this in the US,
uh the price of gasoline at the pump is
up, but it's not nowhere near where it
is in certain areas in in Europe. And
the price for
um a barrel of oil is actually much
higher in those areas cuz they're not
energy dependent independent.
Excuse me. So there's other reasons
behind this and and the other thing is I
think this is going to continue. It's a
word of mouth thing.
uh the the NPS score, the net promoter
score of people who buy Teslas. Remember
that's people who buy the product and
when surveyed would recommend
that other people buy it or that they
would buy it again. Uh all this will is
cumulative and and will work in Tesla's
favor. They make the best product, it's
going to it's going to work out well.
And then with FSD being approved, I
think that'll also have some incremental
stickiness cuz there's nothing else like
it in these countries. So there's a lot
of things happening with the price of
oil, um just Tesla Model Y being the
best product out there by ratings, by
net promoter score, and so forth. And of
course the supply issues, uh comparing
last year to this year, all those things
are cumulative.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, they're all connected together.
And I appreciate what you did. I
remember last year uh brand damage uh
Elon going crazy politics and then the
you know the number of cars sold by
Tesla went to zero or very little and
they blamed it all on brand damage and
you went to every Tesla or whatever
tried to buy a car in each of these
cities and countries in Europe and you
said hey guys I just noticed that
there's zero inventory because there
either this is even after the factories
already been up and they already start
to you know deliver you can't sell cars
You don't have you pointed that out and
people still ignored facts and then now
on this side right you can't say yeah
655% increase in sales. Yeah but that's
compared to last year on the other hand
it's also as you said yeah sales are
moving up because of gas prices and
you know less brand brand damage. People
love Teslas. They're a better car. It's
happening. Okay. So the next uh several
stories here came on Thursday and
Friday. So, it's a little bit uh late,
but I haven't talked to you about it.
So, I wanted to get your thoughts on
this. This is the first one, of course,
I think it's pretty big deal. Elon
posted this video of a Cyber Cab driving
itself out of the Gigafactory. So, it's,
you know, comes out of the factory, it's
drive itself, there's no steering wheel,
and it goes to the parking lot. Ashra
Kawwami himself said soon it'll be
driving itself into Austin City
reporting for duty. All right. So, you
can tell me what you think that that
means. And then Thursday, James
Stevenson found that uh on May 28th, the
new law took effect in the state of
Texas. And of course, lots of bears and
Q said there's no way Tesla can start
can offer robo taxi rides anymore. But
nope, Tesla actually received authorized
by state of Texas to operate driverless
vehicles commercially under the new law.
And Tesla self-certified this offer
running as level four. Clearly, that's
what it says, level four. So, thoughts
on those three? I'll play the video
here.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, I I think common sense is is is
important here. If I I looked up I went
on X and looked up a lot of what the
Bears have been saying for the last
couple months about this, you know, May
and this ruling
&gt;&gt; uh and this new law that's needed in
Texas and oh my god, all the robo taxis
are going to be yanked because Tesla
won't qualify. of course Tesla's going
to qualify and of course they've been
working towards this this qualification
and they're so hung up on and a lot of
people by on the bull and bear side that
are hung up on
uh this this level of robotics this SAPE
uh L measurement um thing I just tell
you I' I've been through these cycles in
tech a lot people want to understand and
know how the product works and what it
does to change their lives
uh these auton these automation metrics
around levels that's fine that's cute do
you think you sound smart talking about
them that that's fine and I know some
regulatory bodies use them but in terms
of how consumers will use the product
they're they're they're less concerned
about that um but yeah this was a very
important
um regulator regulatory approval that
Tesla got in Texas and the whole thing
with autonomy and them the cars driving
out of the factory. I this is a really
impressive thing and I know that people
say oh well uh BMW did this in some
factory or whatever but this is this is
really different. These cars are staging
themselves not only in their in their
lot for distribution, but as a show
said, I mean, the plan would be is to
send them to neighboring cities. And I'm
assuming when
um
when uh when uh what do you call
wireless charging is available that they
would be sent even further because then
they can autonomously charge themselves
and be distributed to cities. Um, I also
see I could also see Tesla in in the
future setting up more factories
depending on how successful robo taxi
is. I don't think people really get it.
Tesla's not trying to be another
Uber per se. They're trying to change
the meaningfully change and I think Uber
did a little bit of this. Change the
percentage of people that buy a car for
personal uses versus use ride share. I
think Tesla's really trying to flip that
metric to a whole new level. So, I think
people are going to see volumes of cyber
cabs and concentrations of vehicles like
they've never seen before. Uh, and it's
going to be a different experience than
Uber. So, anyway, this is what Ashoke is
is talking about is how they see the
future. It may take a little bit of time
and work in the infrastructure to get
built up, but as as we've talked about
every week on this show, we put up the
requisitions, we put up the the
different service centers, the number of
stalls, the washes, all the different
things that are being done. This is kind
of a a a silent like these I I hate to
use this comparison but like this
buildup of like like military like these
underground missile s like there's a
silent thing happening here with Tesla
where the media isn't really picking up
on it. The media is just counting
the result like the number of cars say
well's clearly in the lead. They've got
3,700 cars and Tesla's got, you know,
700 and and not all of them are
autonomous.
So Whimo, well, I mean, Whimo started
six over six about six years ago in
terms of their first driverless ride. So
if you take this in, if you take all of
this in context, this is the fastest
roll out of ride share,
semi-aututonomous, fully autonomous, I
think, in history. And I think in
volumewise it's going to surpass it here
very soon.
&gt;&gt; Listen to Ashok uh himself. Right. It's
one thing when Elon says something but
when Ashok says soon it will be
reporting for duty in Austin. So that's
a clarification that there is an
intention that cyber capab will be
reporting for duty which means robo
taxi. I don't know what soon means.
Ashok soon and Elon soon is different
than sometimes we interpret it to being.
So we'll wait for that. But it's good to
hear him. Um,
&gt;&gt; I think it's very easy for them to drive
a car out of the factory and send it to
a a depot in Austin. I think it's very
easy. I mean, they could do that
probably this week if they want to. But
the question is is how do you make this
something where it's actually a creative
and it's part of the production plan?
And the more the more cars that they
send out to that depot, the the the
higher the revenue coming into the
company is. We're not there yet. there's
some discontinuities and of course they
want to get to this next software
release that's why I think we're kind of
on hold with the number of um driverless
vehicles but I think once they get to
this next set of edge cases saw that
number moves up significantly
&gt;&gt; the other thing Elon uh Ashra shared
this weekend was this video of this uh
car driving in in China uh using FSE you
can see that and it's just a very scary
scenario, uh, tight corners
&gt;&gt; and it was able to do it on its own. Had
to back up and all that, but it was, uh,
I mean, the point being that this car is
designed to drive in any scenario,
anywhere in the world, not pre-planned,
and it's able to just think and reason.
So, this is going, okay, I can't turn,
so I'm going to back up a little bit
and, you know, do it on its own.
&gt;&gt; I had a little I had a reasoning event
this weekend. I was pulled up into
making an unprotected left and my car
had creeped over where a sidewalk or
walkway connecting two streets was and
it saw somebody on a bike coming maybe
50 ft away and all of a sudden my car
flipped itself into reverse, moved back,
the bike comes by on the on the sidewalk
into the street portion, goes right by
me and then my car just flips forward
and makes the unprotected left. I mean
kind of new reason.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. If that's not I mean I don't know
what people think is is happening here
that that that wasn't some heristic
thing coded. Um that's the car reasoning
and saying all right you're not ready to
make the left. you're blocking the lane
for people that which is not legal by
the way and and get yourself out of the
way and let the person go through and
obviously had to reason and look to make
sure there's nobody behind me. But
anyway, it's just there's more and more
of these examples coming up.
All right. So, on on the Cyberbull show
that we just did this uh Friday, we had
uh Piper Sandler uh there for us and
this time we have Morgan Stanley report
uh explaining to us um their thinking
and they're all buying into it now,
which is great to know. I mean, Morgan
Stanley and Purpler of course were
always uh Tesla futurist kind of people.
But here's the note. Uh, per our
assumptions, Tesla owners are now
driving 26.7 million miles per day with
FSD. That's up from 18.5 million miles
per day in April. So, in just a couple
months,
&gt;&gt; that's a huge jump, right?
&gt;&gt; We continue to track this metric as has
bearings on one month.
&gt;&gt; It has bearings on FSE adoption. Okay.
And so, and and it's going to have with
90% gross margins can uplift
profitability. So they recognize that
this is software that's going to
increase profitability pretty easily and
it will give credence to Tesla's
autonomous tech as it scales its
unsupervised robo taxi fleet. Our
normalized data from the latest Nitsa
release implies an improvement in robo
taxi miles per accident based on
consistent modeling assumptions across
periods. So they do believe that it's
getting safer. And then their alpha wise
data shows increased hiring in northern
metro areas for AI safety operators. A
sign that Tesla's gearing up to expand
robo taxi operations. So there you
mentioned earlier they are following a
little bit. These guys anyways u
infrastructure build not just you know
how many cars are out there right now.
&gt;&gt; Well yeah the analysts the the good
analysts are for sure. The the not so
good analysts aren't. Uh and the media
is not. And so this is going to be
interesting. It's kind of a I know
people are impatient. They're seeing the
market. The market has been
lot of instability with the war and then
been a big meltup over the past month
and people are looking at hey what why
why isn't Tesla a part of this? And I
think what the market's doing right now
is it's rewarding
some of these these companies especially
that are AI interconnected that are
really starting to put revenues up and
the memory the memory companies are
being rewarded. There's uh a long
backlog
over the typical cyclical backlog of
memory. So it it gives memory a very low
PE because they don't think the the
earnings are as durable that far out.
But that and that's part of the thing
here. This is what people are like, "Oh,
I could have bought this or I could have
done that." I mean, you can you can do
whatever you want. The question is is
like there's Micron, there's SKH Highix,
there's SanDisk, there's Samsung.
There's a lot of people that make
memory. And so now you take a lot of
people that make memory and you you then
you overlay the cyclical nature where it
could turn very quickly. Now you shift
over to a company like Tesla or SpaceX.
Well, there's not a lot of companies
that there's nobody that has anything
that matches Starship. We just saw what
happened unfortunately with with Blue
Origin. Um, there's nobody that has
that. There's nobody that has Starlink.
There's nobody on the Tesla side.
There's nobody that has an autonomy
solution that consumers can buy that's
meaningful that that works like FSD
does. And there's nobody that's ramping
a robo taxi network that has the supply
and volume and cost structure that
Tesla's cyber cabin robo taxi network
has. So that is what is giving that this
is what people are trading on. They're
trading on this is what people are
investing on. They're investing on
Tesla's earnings and SpaceX in the
future. is why it's got a high multiple
being very durable with very very high
bar uh of entry and very little
competition and the way that Elon is
carving these moes out at at his
companies he's doing it in a way where I
mean everybody's invited to compete but
nobody's has proven capable I mean has
anybody really gotten meaningfully
closer in FSD you can argue X punk in
China but the numbers aren't there in
terms of being able in the global
distribution
and we're not sure the system is there
either. But on on a large scale, it's
not like there's this group of there's
this cadre of automakers that have all
developed self-driving systems and
they're really barreling towards Tesla
and Tesla better get these robo taxis
ramped this month. I mean, they I think
they will this over the next couple of
months, but they're they're ramping into
nothing. there's there's nobody there's
nobody there. This is why Tesla should
be extremely careful with how they
proceed because uh I don't think there's
anybody very close. Uh so anyway, I just
wanted to make that I just wanted to
make that point as we were as we were
discussing this. I I think there's
something to the durability of Tesla's
businesses and Tesla's moes and that's
why it trades at the high pe and it will
and it will continue to confound people.
Uh, and I know this was part of the
great discussion we had with with Alex.
Uh, it will continue to confound people
for a very long time, but this
transition that's that's happening, this
is what's being called out in the Morgan
Stanley note. The source of Tesla's
revenue and its its margin structure are
about to change and the the great
analysts want to get ahead of this and
let their clients know.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, that's a very good point, Jeeoff.
I mean you you think that as analysts
watched the AI the general AI that
surprised all of them by the way right
Nvidia first of course skyrocketing
earnings and they kept saying no it's a
bubble it's a bubble it's bubble that
kept going and kept proving that chips
turn into revenue for all the customers
who buy it. Now you're watching like you
said infrastructure uh you know memory
and so forth and people are starting to
maybe regardless they're being pulled in
realizing that this is how you think of
things now AI is not a bubble too when
you invest in the infrastructure it then
translates into earnings now you flip
that over to Tesla and still many don't
get it they're not getting that you look
at infrastructure build you look at the
the mo durable modes that Tesla has that
no one else has as you've explained and
they're not getting it. But you you see
the the the lead guys, right? The
canaries the coal mine is well let's not
use that terminology but the guys
they're trying to educate the other
analysts and yet you know there's work
to be done. That's I think that's what
you're saying. Um,
&gt;&gt; yeah. And I I get a little I don't
perturred, but just I think it's almost
comical that people say that someone
like Michael Bur eventually he's going
to be right on AI and eventually it's
going to be he's going to be right and
it's going to be this big bubble and
there's things are going to crash all
around us. Well, no. He said that that
was going to happen in November and
December. He said it was imminent. And
now we're 6 months into this and
Nvidia's at all-time highs. uh
Broadcom's at all-time highs, Micron's
at all-time highs, multiple new trillion
dollar companies minted, the uh the
price per GPU, I know that's changing
and shifting around, but the older GPUs
6 years into existence are holding up
rental prices. Like everything he said
was actually wrong
&gt;&gt; and and you have to be right and you
have to get the timing uh you have to
get the timing right. This this is a
very interesting stage we're at right
now because
a lot of these AI derivative companies
are doing with the the the hardware the
halo they call this the the hard the
these hardware companies that support AI
I think are going to do really well for
a longer for a long period of time but I
think as we enter this physical AI world
I think this is going to be a very
durable multi-year
cycle and I think it's It's it may be
one of the biggest things that that hits
market. I I don't know if markets are
ready for when physical real world AI is
at scale and millions of cars are
driving themselves and millions of bots
are reasoning, thinking and doing
meaningful work. I just don't I don't
know if markets are even ready for this
yet.
&gt;&gt; No, exactly. It's it's similar like the
Cisco was the biggest company prior to
the internet and it was like the first
thing you see because people start
buying this thing and then well where's
the revenue.com bust but then
huge productivity for many companies.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. And by the way Herbert I mean we
talk about a lot in the show. I'm not in
this camp of like a Tesla should be 600
right now or it should be some number
that's double where it is right now. I
mean, Tesla put some near-term
milestones out late last year and
January of this year, and they haven't
hit those milestones. So, I can see
whether it's the the amount of robo taxi
deployment, uh, whether it's the Optimus
re I know it's just a reveal, but it's,
you know, you said you said a reveal in
March and then the even the roadster.
It's a very small thing, but there's a
pattern. Um, and it's not I'm not overly
concerned because I think on the AI
related things, I've always said that
they're you're going to have some sort
of guard band around those results being
delivered, but there is a bit of a
pattern of like, hey, what's what's
going on here? A lot of things have been
promised and
&gt;&gt; some of these milestones have been
missed. So, I'm I'm actually
not surprised like we I'm you can even
say we're pleasantly surprised we are
where we are. But at the same time when
you look ahead just a couple of years
what other company has the portfolio
that Tesla is building with I mean
Terapab behind it coming and that
shouldn't be in anybody's 2027 or even
2028
um it shouldn't be in anybody's kind of
view of like those are going to be
printing revenue but I think Tesla's
physical real world AI products will be
printing significant revenue in 27 and
and 28 and I think that's What is
driving a lot of a lot of that?
&gt;&gt; I think that's the trick, isn't it? Like
uh the shortterm things are definitely
delayed. There's no one can argue that
that's always delayed and in fact
probably continue to keep delaying both
the robots and robo taxi. Then the
question I ask myself is does do we see
any signs at all that the long-term
vision okay is been delayed because the
short term has been delayed and if
that's the case you know you have to
keep a watch that's a huge deal. So, for
example, like Optimus Unveil not being
revealed. Okay. But does that mean that
the 1 million per year line and the 10
million per year line, those are being
delayed? Well, so far we're seeing them
building it, investing it. Same thing
with robo taxi. Okay. They've not
increased meaningfully the number of
robo taxis on the road. Each week, we
think it's going to go up and it hasn't.
They haven't put the cyber cab in the
production yet, but they're hiring and
they're building. And so does that mean
that the scale out is good is delayed?
That's the key question. So you know now
Yoda's pointing out that the new hires
are robo taxi fleet support people not
just AI supporters. I think that this is
not new. I've seen this before already.
We've reported on before but he's just
pointing out that it's robot taxi fleet
in all of these cities. So clearly this
is something that they're working on.
Okay. Uh David said something different
really quick, but the cyber cab is in
production, but I think what you meant
was it's not in
&gt;&gt; it's not it's not picking people up yet,
&gt;&gt; right? Yeah, that's what I meant. Yeah.
&gt;&gt; Right. That's what I meant.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; And uh Okay. So now you got David Moss,
Devin Olsen, and Scott. Uh they went and
drove across Canada using Tesla's FSD
100% world first Canada coast to coast
fully autonomous drive. They started at
Horseshoe Bay, which I I used to I grew
up there in uh West Vancouver, know this
place very well, and they started from
one end of the country, went all the way
to Nova Scotia, and it took them 4 days,
21 hours, almost 5 days straight, 3,700
miles, and it was accomplished 14.3 with
zero disamage at all. Not even parking.
Like, it just pressed the button once,
and it let it drive itself all the way.
This is them. Uh what a what a treat.
Now do you know that David Moss has
already was famous for driving coast to
coast said it's wild that we let
customers experience FE coast to coast
themselves. No professional production
just a normal drive. Yet to me this is a
bigger step change than Alph Go or GPT
as there's no special machine behind it.
I mean, yeah, you've you've been saying
this for a while, too. Like, we have to
pause it a little bit because FSD is
being it's like people don't realize
it's magical. It's not just magical.
It's, you know, I agree with them. This
is bigger than AlphaGo or GPT because
that's m this is like in your car and
you're just letting somebody a customer
just go and use it and it's doing it. Um
Tesla drives itself across Canada with
supervised coast to coast. And then I
just want to point out that it's been
this is now four times coast to coast
drives not only across Canada but US in
the last 5 months. Los Angeles to Myrtle
Beach, New York to Los Angeles, New York
to Los Angeles, Vancouver to Halifax. So
this is 12,427 miles if you add up the
four trips. This is not just a one-time
thing. Now they've proven it over and
over and over again that it can do this.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Yeah. It it it is I think Yintai's
point is is special because a lot of
times companies have to stage these
things and do it themselves or they have
to hire they have to hire an influencer
or somebody uh to do it, somebody maybe
a celebrity or a famous person to do it
or you know somebody employee of the
company. But now you have just patrons
of the product that are just
enthusiasts. And I think these three
gentlemen did a a great job uh of doing
it, chronicling it, and and letting
people know that, hey, this is done
intervention free. And I can see that. I
can I can believe that. Now, this is
where I think the FSD experience is it
differs for people. There's a lot of
people that say, "Look, I can't take I
can't take FSD to a location, have it
like mo more times than not, it's not
selecting the parking spot I like. So
then I have to intervene. But I think
the point here was I think these guys
are just they're going point to point.
They're letting it park where it needs
to park. It parks itself fine. It just
may not be always the closest or the
most optimal spot, but it it it does the
operation fine. So what happens now with
later versions of FSD is they're going
to have improved reasoning and they're
just going to make those convenience
issues smaller and close the gap on
that. But the major issues of like I
can't sit in my car and let it drive me
without m it's some making some sort of
dumb decision where I've got to grab the
wheel. That's all behind us. And I think
that's the important thing. And you know
and and what David and and these
gentlemen are are proving is that that
reality is here. Anybody can just go buy
the production car and and replicate it.
And that's the point I think Yinton size
point is really good as someone
like we made I remember we made a
product and we were very proud of this
product that had a an unbreakable screen
the smartphone unbreakable screen but
was even more um it was even more was
even greater for us to see cuz we did
all this testing internally on it but to
to see people making their own YouTube
videos. Somebody dropped it out of a a
drone. Somebody dropped it out of a
parachute, you know, thousand feet or
something and the screen didn't break.
And uh you're like, "Okay, now people
are it's it's a it's a compelling
feature for people. People are catching
on to it and they want to even make
their own videos. They want to they want
to show the world of what's happening
here." So, we'll we'll always remember
these these first of things happening
cuz it's it's really important and I
think these are really important
milestones and it really shows that you
can't just buy a production car and do
this. This is there's no special mockup
or anything that's needed here to do
this.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. You shipped your product, you put
it in customers hands, they get to play
with it and they get to experience. And
here that's the difference. This every
car you buy Tesla can do this. They just
took a regular Model 3. His the old
Model 3 just but the up the software
keeps updating and then they tested a
new software but the old uh across the
country was already old versions of
software. It is working. Um
Cyber Caps multiplying all over Giga
Texas. Thank you to Joe Techmire. And he
says that uh this is show you know Cyber
Cabs autonomous driving out of the
production like exit point. They take a
two-mile trip to the west end of lot end
of lot. Uh I think that's what that
means. Um and Tesla being granted a
level four. Then he just want to show
you that there is a lot of cyber caps on
the move with a hatch open showing the
wheel covers prepped for shipping. Dozen
lined up at the factory. These are the
wheel covers. I guess after they've been
shipped then they put the wheel covers
back on again. And uh there's so many.
Look at this. It's just like soon we'll
be seeing like f lot lots and lots and
lots of full or maybe not. They'll be
driving off sooner, you know, by
themselves. Right now they have steering
wheels. People are driving them all
around the country still and uh it's
happening. And then the other thing that
we're we saw here, Jeeoff, is these
Model Y, it looks like a Model Y L. I
guess this person is saying that it's
camouflage Model Y L's testing at
Fremont factory. They think that
production in the US is now confirmed
and the vehicle is expected to launch in
North America in the coming weeks. Don't
know if it's confirmed, but certainly
that's the most likely thing, right?
&gt;&gt; Yeah. And this would be this would be
great for the Model Y sales and to have
more variance. This is already you can't
go anywhere without just seeing tons of
these on the road. And now you're going
to give consumers more choice with the
uh with the longer version. Great move.
I've I I predicted that that Tesla would
do a longer and a shorter version. I got
half of it right. I still think they
should do a a shorter version. There's
people that want a smaller car,
especially in certain countries. Uh and
I think it would also do well,
especially they can take a lot of the
mass and cost out, but um this is a hit
and it's going to they're going to put
it everywhere. There's no reason why
they wouldn't put this car everywhere.
So what what's based on what you if it's
true that this is being tested now?
What do you what is your guess of what's
happening? Is it in production already
now? Are we talking 3 to 6 months still
before launch? What in the US?
&gt;&gt; Oh, I think it's imminent. Um it could
be they could be completing you their
their pilot production and it could be
it could be very close. Um remember the
why do they have to do this? why this
car is already built in multiple
countries. The reason they have to do
this is that there's new suppliers that
remember when Tesla builds a car in the
United States, it's locally sourced.
&gt;&gt; So there's a lot of qualification work
that has to happen both inside of the
factory and then on the track and of
course some field testing of it as well.
But you know the core design is the same
but sometimes some of these databases
have to change for various localization
with suppliers. So that's what that work
is. But yeah, it's imminent. It should
be in the second half of this year for
sure if they're doing it in in the US,
which I think they will.
&gt;&gt; I think they are. That's what this is.
If that is the model Yale, but it
certainly looks like it's it's on its
way. Wow. Thank you, Jeeoff. That was
great. Uh just all this infrastructure
signals. We're going to wait to see
actual video of cyber cabs being used in
robo taxi. We're going to see more cyber
cabs driving itself hopefully or uh but
don't hold your breath. It might be
months still. Thanks everybody. Follow
Jeff on his ex account at uh the Jeff
Watts and follow him there and subscribe
to him. Thanks everybody. Bye-bye.
&gt;&gt; Thank you.
&gt;&gt; I've created a website that is the most
comprehensive resource for the Tesla
investor. Please check it out. Simply go
to my website at herbalm.com.