Channel:     cernbasher
Title:       Elon Just Added A Piece To The Robotaxi Puzzle
URL:         https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gX1v8pKitZ0
Published:   2026-05-18 11:16 UTC
Fetched:     2026-05-18 12:00 UTC

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Okay, now on the topic of FSD 14 versus
15. Version 14.3 still the last piece of
the puzzle to enable large-scale
unsupervised FSD or robotaxi, or do we
have to wait until version 15? And Elon
says, "I think version 14.3 is the last
piece of the puzzle for unsupervised
FSD." That's exactly the point.
&gt;&gt; statement, but he does say, "I think."
He doesn't say it is. Okay.
&gt;&gt; And he says, "Now the question is the
degree of safety, like like safety and
convenience, I suppose. We have a lot of
known improvements, like major
architectural improvements, but that we
know would improve the probability of
safety significantly. So he says, "I
think it's not going to make sense for
us to deploy unsupervised FSD robotaxi
large-scale when we know that there are
major architectural improvements to the
software that can improve safety. So
they have this list,
they're working through it, and once
they do, then I think they may be ready
to deploy it at wider scale. The
question is when." And he says, "We're
going to want to finish writing that
software, validate it, and release it
before going large-scale unsupervised
FSD." And then A Shock says, "Um I'd
like to note the version of robotaxi
that's running in Austin, Dallas, and
Houston, etc. Those are essentially 14.3
variants. And it's obviously safe.
That's why we were able to launch in
those cities. And we continue to expand
based on the version 14.3 base for a
while until version 15 lands. 15 is
going to be a major upgrade." They're
giving us some good information, but
then they always mention version 15 how
it's going to be the next best thing.
And of course, eventually there'll be a
version 16 that's even better. So that
that causes a lot of frustration, I
think, for people. And they try to read
between the lines and say, "Well,
we're not going to get
you know, an expansion of robotaxi until
version 15."
I don't believe that's the case as I
read that, but how do you interpret
this, Herbert?
&gt;&gt; This is the the the
issue of the delay or not delay. So this
is 14.3 is the last piece of the puzzle,
and 14.3 is being used now, so it's
obviously safe.
You know, the way I think of him when I
when I hear what he's saying, somebody
goes, "Is 14.3 the last piece of the
puzzle?" Yeah, it's the last piece of
puzzle. But he go to truly go like
anywhere in the world, global, anybody,
just go to sleep and have not only
robotaxi, but actually you have your car
and it drive you anywhere, that's
happening. I don't think that we're
going to do that until we have 15.
Global, like millions of cars, every
car. Well, let's
let's go to the next slide. Oh.
&gt;&gt; On the topic of unsupervised FSD,
uh when do you expect FSD unsupervised
to reach customer cars? Okay. Yeah, I'm
guessing here. Probably in the fourth
quarter. Uh
so but then he then he he walks it back
and saying, "Well, we're going to do it
like, you know, basically I was what
I've been saying, right? Which is
Austin."
Okay, once you've got robotaxi in a
certain geography in Austin, they're
going to say to you, "Sir, you live
there." They're going to say to you,
"Hey, when you go into this geography,
you can sleep." Why would they do that?
Because it's exactly what [laughter]
you're doing now if you hail a robotaxi
in the same geography. Yeah. But only
you. I I can't do it. I won't be able to
do it anywhere else except for that
geography.
&gt;&gt; And that's what he says in the last
sentence. So I think we would release
unsupervised gradually to the customer
fleet as we feel like a particular
geography is confirmed to be safe. So
that's what I'm saying why you don't
need to wait for 15 Right.
&gt;&gt; for FSD unsupervised. He said that
several times. Yes. And that's where
it's like, "Okay, well then that means
what is your definition of scale? Like
what are we talking about here? 10,000
cars? Is that Are we talking hundreds of
cars? Are we talking, you know, 10,000
cars? Are we talking millions of cars?"
Depends on your definition of scale. I
think we need to get some t-shirts made
up with that on there. Yeah. And that's
the frustrating part, I think. That's if
I had frustration with anything that
Elon said on this call, I wish he would
have
at least quantified that for us to some
degree.
&gt;&gt; was a magnitude, which is he loves to
do. You don't have to give us a number.
Is it 1,000, 10,000, 100,000, or
million? What are you talking about?
&gt;&gt; Cuz he has something in his mind. I I
just wish he would have shared that. Now
I think again, he's taking the feedback
from previous times where he's said
numbers and people have probably given
the feedback and says, "Elon, please
stop doing that."
And so here's what we what we have now.
I mean, they did say 12 states.
&gt;&gt; And when you say when you hear 12
states, are you hearing 12 cities? I'm
not. I'm hearing probably 15 at the
minimum, 20 probably. Well, if you're in
Florida, you'll most likely be in all
the major metro areas. I mean, there's
no reason
&gt;&gt; Texas already have three.
&gt;&gt; Yep. Maybe four. You got Florida, it's
going to have three. So it's 12 states
does not mean 12 cities to me. Right.
And then if you have a city, what are
you thinking?
50? 100? Most likely just
just just carrying it forward. In my
mind it would be at least 300.
Oh, I think 500 plus.
And that's not scale, right? So 500 plus
times 20 cities, which is 10,000 cars.
And I think that that's reasonable if
you think you can get to unsupervised by
the end of the year with the 14 series.
And what he's talking about is true
global every car unsupervised and going
to global. Like millions of cars. So
that's where I'm at. I'm I'm like
thinking 10 to 15,000 cars is going to
be unsupervised by the end of the year.
And that's where I'm going. I wasn't
disappointed cuz that was my number
before the call.
Now let's talk about the long-lost
hardware 3 cars.
And they address this on the call.
There's quite a bit of information here.
You know, when will hardware 3 reach
unsupervised FSD? And finally,
um
they tell us that unfortunately, I wish
it were otherwise, but hardware 3 simply
does not have the capability to achieve
unsupervised FSD.
So there was some hope, I think, on a
conference call or quarterly call one or
two quarters ago about this.
Um [snorts and clears throat] but I
think they've reached the conclusion
it's not going to be possible. So now he
goes on to say, "Well, we're going to
offer essentially a trade-in."
Like a discounted trade. This is the
last paragraph there for cars that have
AI 4 hardware.
Um and then we're offering the ability
to upgrade the car to replace the
computer. And you also need to replace
the cameras, unfortunately, to hardware
4. Okay? And he does say, uh "For what
it's worth, in the meantime, we're going
to also release a version 14 for
hardware 3.
Uh it's a distilled version of the same
ver- version 14 software that we
released for hardware 4.
And people should be able to drive from
park state and basically have all the
features of the 14 for hardware 4S."
Just not unsupervised. Yeah. So for me,
this is the best of all worlds,
honestly. So I don't know. I I own a
hardware 3 car. I have one car of of my
cars is hardware 3. And I prefer this.
If they came up to me and said, "Your
hardware 3 car can get unsupervised as
is," uh I prefer you're going to give me
the chance to actually upgrade the
computer, upgrade the cameras,
uh or buy a new car and get discount. So
let's ignore the buying new car part.
Just fix my car, upgrade it. I prefer
that than they, you know, and I have
version 14. V14 light in my hardware 3,
and then I can upgrade the things for
free. So anyways, for me it's like
that's better. I'd rather give me
upgrade because when they do the
upgrade, I don't think they're going to
they're going to give you the best that
they have at that time. The other thing
that's interesting is a lot of people
now have have tried to run the numbers
on, "Okay, what's the liability for
Tesla in doing this in terms of the
cost?"
And one of the things I think think they
can consider is how many hardware 3 cars
remain out there with purchased FSD that
haven't yet been transferred. What's
your guess? Million?
&gt;&gt; Uh I I don't know. Um
There's some estimates that it might be
half a million.
I don't know that it's that high. I
don't I don't I would be surprised if
it's that high.
Okay?
Um but either way, if you think about
it, you know, let's say it cost Tesla
what, five or seven thousand dollars to
retrofit these vehicles?
How much are they going to make by
putting them in the robotaxi
&gt;&gt; network. Some some portion of them
people will put into robotaxi,
especially if you can make money. You've
already calculated this.
I'm happy. It's the reason I bought a
Model 3. So I bought a Model 3 a long
time ago, whatever, and I I've kept
upgrading it Yeah. to the hardware 4.
Then I took my hardware 3 and I gave it
to my daughter kind of thing, you know,
like that just like
um
anyways, is that I had promised her that
this will be able to be added to the
fleet and you will make money out of
this.
And
this is happening. Now, I'm getting they
said this summer, and I'll say next
year.
It'll happen next year, but
it's like, "Okay, so
as you know, some people don't have the
luxury of time cuz they've already
waited five years, so they're pissed. I
get that. But
&gt;&gt; The other thing I think is kind of
interesting is they can create some
incentives. They can say, "Okay, we
will,
you know, fully cover the expense if you
agree to put it in the robotaxi network
for a certain number of hours a month."
&gt;&gt; Well, I guess they haven't told us the
deal, but I was assuming it was going to
be free. But okay, if I'm going to be
charged to upgrade the cameras and all
that, I'd be pissed. Well, the other way
they could do it is say, "Okay, we're
going to do this for you
uh either on the condition of that, or
they're going to say, "Okay, if you put
it in the robotaxi network, we're going
to reduce our take rate from 35% down to
20."
Yes.
Yes. Oh, I see. I see. That's probably
the easiest way, isn't it? So I have to
pay for it up front, and but then
&gt;&gt; not even that. The Tesla might pay for
it, but this is one way to ensure that
they get a way to earn the money back.
Yeah, yeah, okay. Cuz if if they if they
pay for it and you just keep the vehicle
and you drive it around personally and
you're just using it yourself, then that
that upgrade cost Tesla is is money out
the door. But if it goes in the robotaxi
fleet and they incentivize you to do so,
then they make that money back and more.
And more.
That's why they're doing this. There's
some creative ways I think Tesla could
approach this so that it's not just this
massive cost that some people are
calculating it to be. Exactly. It's
going to be a money maker. That's the
whole reason Tesla's doing this.
Going to be a money maker for them once
they're in You have to encourage people
to put in more robot taxis. So, you're
saying just give them more money.
Bigger takes rate. You know, you can't
You can't refuse this thing. Right. Mhm.
Yep.