Channel:     futureaza
Title:       Scads of Cybercab News, global rules & competition - Monday News Roundup
URL:         https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QmVQA3w8-eY
Published:   2026-07-13 12:36 UTC
Fetched:     2026-07-13 18:00 UTC

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Good Monday to you one and all. Good
Monday. It is July 13th. We're covering
the news. We're covering a whole lot of
it. If it's your first time here, we
cover 20 25 stories. Give you the most
we can as quickly as possible. Then get
into the Q&amp;A. So, if you're going to
leave a a comment in the chat, please do
that right here and I will do my best to
address it at the end. Let's get into
it. So, this is a fun one. We knew this
was happening. More than 42% more
official than a Model Y. Of course, it
is. It's smaller. It's uh doesn't have
the same horsepower and torque. It
doesn't need them. It's two wheel drive
instead of almost all of the Model Y's
being four. But this takes it a step
further. Nick points out it is uh 126%
more efficient than a Jaguar Ipace,
which is their Gen 5. Here's the Ipace.
3.2 m per kilowatt hour as opposed to
6.1.
But you're forgetting something. that
iPace does not yet have all of Whimo's
sensors and compute aboard, meaning it
is much worse than this uh graph shows
and this graphic shows. Got to pay
attention. Hey, I heard this one. Uh
exclusive Tesla Cyber Cab includes dual
GPS for more precise pinpoint applica uh
app uh location uh understanding.
Tesla's pulling out all the stops to
make sure it works right. It's not clear
if this means that it has a dual band
system for locking on to multiple
satellite frequencies at once or if it
has two physical separate GP uh GPS
units. Does it matter? It's more
accurate. Now, uh one that I've been
hearing a lot is this one. This one is
more frustrating. Tesla Cyber Cab
includes more powerful FSD hardware.
Brian, why aren't you covering this? Why
aren't you acknowledging it? And it's
unfortunately because this appears to be
a single source rumor and it's not my
source. I don't report single source
rumors which means I am sometimes late
to a story but I'm almost never
inaccurate. Um that is just how it
works. Cybercab. So this is according to
a a very reliable source. I assume this
is someone known to the author or the
publication that they are running more
RAM in the CyberCab than they are in the
Model Y or at least the Model Y that you
and I have.
Uh there's a reason to be skeptical and
that reason is wouldn't that change how
the software runs? I don't think they've
made a separate fork for the software. I
don't think uh they want to do two
tracks of it. Um, it could be possible,
but we know that uh the cyber uh the
robo taxi using Model Y's has already
been efficient. So, I'm hesitant on that
one. What we have seen though, what is
more verifiable is that the cleaning
robots are already being installed.
They're assembling the final pieces of
its autonomous ride hailing
infrastructure. Well, not of a lot of
not a lot of attention goes uh to what's
required to keep a fleet running. This
is just as critical. An intriguing
update from the Texas Department of
Licensing and Regulation. It's done.
It's done. It's in. So, that is
something we were waiting to see. Sure,
you can do it in a small scale without
having to deal with, you know, uh with
uh the big robot installation, but now
that the robots are installed, they can
ramp potentially more quickly, lower
cost, better service, all that. And in
Texas, we have seen that uh according to
a video that Tesla themselves released,
Cyber Cab is being used as a campus
shuttle at Giga Texas providing feedback
from internal testing. I don't know how
much testing they need. I think they
just want to make sure it works. It
should, but should is not perhaps the
level of comfort you want when you're
dealing with the public. So that's
great. Hey, Whimo to start driverless
rides in four more US markets as
expansion accelerates. Whimo said it'll
be offering new rides in Santiago, Las
Vegas, Tampa, Florida, and Denver. Oo,
Denver. That's actually exciting. Let's
get into an actually new market. They're
already in parts of Florida. Going to
other parts less exciting. They're
already in California. Other parts less
exciting. and Jaguar IPACE least
exciting of all. Uh so that's something
that's something we'll wait and see how
well their approach scales. I have
desperate concerns for their
profitability in part because uh they
are using a system where even if that
iPace was free, their sensor upfit
probably costs more than a cyber cab.
Nitsa says robo taxis need to stop
holding up first responders already.
Letter from transportation department
chief calls upon autonomous vehicle
makers to address a clear pattern of
their cars getting in the way during
emergencies. Uh specifically
specifically Whimo because if you've
driven on FSD and there are emergency
lights behind you or even ahead of you,
you know your car is pulling over. So
that's
frustrating. Hey, did you know Tesla
started rolling out FSD light for older
cars in Korea? Yeah. Well, they have uh
V14 L now rolling out to early access
AI3 owners in Korea. I mean, it's
hardware 3. That's what it said on the
sticker when you bought it, but okay,
AI3, fair enough. Um, this is exciting.
uh not as exciting to the people who
have hardware 3 and are waiting for
their V14 light in the US in Canada but
okay this means that they can unlock
additional revenue in additional markets
and if it works well in Korea that means
it should work well in a variety of
markets further opening uh the gates to
a flood of FSD cash revenue potential
Tesla AI5 chip takes another step
towards production as Samsung confirms
foundry tape out. What? I thought tape
out was back in April. It was that was
Tesla's internal tape out. They send it
to the Fab. The Fab makes any
adjustments needed, completes their
version of the tape out, and now uh they
can begin taking the steps to get it
into production. They're using TSMC and
Samsung perhaps to make them battle it
out. uh a fight to the finish as it
were, but reality is they just need more
chips. So, how do you get more chips?
You get them. You just get them. Hey,
did you hear that? Uh there's a new a
new uh a new FSD system in town. That's
right. Fisker may finally be getting
hands-free driving with an asterisk.
Comma AI would be providing it. So,
that's great. That will make it a lot
more drivable, especially on the
highways.
So, that's where it goes. Love to see
it. Uh, the device retails for $9.99,
but the software is free. Fiscar Ocean
owners who have long had to endure
various repairs out of pocket will once
again need to shell out a considerable
amount of money to gain access to a
feature that should have been installed
from the get-go. Yeah, but hopefully you
didn't buy it uh when it was 50 grand,
60 grand, whatever it was. Hey, let's
talk about the stock real quick. Have
you heard of it? Tesla stock. That's
what we're talking about. Soft day. Soft
day in the market. I have no reasons
why. But if you'd like to find out as it
unfolds, I can certainly tell you that
uh don't look like this. Subscribe and
look like this. There you go. That's
what we do. If you're enjoying these, if
you want to help out the channel, that's
an easy free way to help out. You can
also support the mission. I am going to
be in Nepal next month. I am going to be
in Ethiopia in December. These are not
free trips and uh every little bit
helps. Thank you so much. And there's a
onetime uh donation link in the
description of this video on YouTube uh
if you want to make a one-time PayPal
contribution. Uh so we've got this
little story here. This is a neat one.
Let me get to it. Uh breaking
Cybertruck's bulletproof body helped
protect a toddler and an infant in a
real-time shooting on the 4th of July.
So this is Brett. I've met Brett a
couple times in Florida at events and
maybe elsewhere, but I've definitely met
him. And so when people say, "Sure, it's
bulletproof, but do you know anyone
that's actually helped?" Yeah, I do. I
do. And there's uh, you know, and this
is Brett. So, if you want to follow
Brett, you can. He's not very active, as
you can see.
Fun stuff. Hey, uh, let's get across the
ocean, shall we? China's BYD surpasses
Tesla to regain lead in global EV race.
Now, there's a lot of complaints that
BYD doesn't break out their pure EV
sales. They do, but that doesn't prevent
everyone from being wrong. BYD gained
the upper hand in the race against the
US car maker by delivering more
vehicles. But if we actually go look,
what we see is no, they didn't. No, they
didn't. These are their pure BEV sales.
uh as of I guess last year but uh the
idea is that it's not quite accurate. Uh
so uh no this is correct. This is
correct. This is total sales by month uh
for NEVs and this is it for BEVs. If you
add those two together, you get numbers
that exceed Teslas. For pure EVs, no
longer in first place. Uh let's see. Did
you know also the Sea Lion 7? It's no
longer for sale in China. Pretty good
looking car. It's supposed to be the
Model Y rival. It's not quite there. Not
on the seven. Maybe on the eight. Why
would they stop selling them in China?
It still uses the previous generation
batteries, which do not have flash
charging, which is fine for export. No
other markets really have flash
chargers. Wouldn't wouldn't have the
benefits. So, they're going to continue
making these, continue selling these,
exporting them, uh, while they tool up
for the Sea Lion 8, which is upcoming.
And the Sea Lion 8 will have the flash
charging, you know, the 0 to 97% in 8 N
minutes kind of charging. All that good
good news. So, let's look at BYD's
stock. It's not that exciting. So,
whatever they're doing, it's not
necessarily translating. You could zoom
out a month and see. Yeah, 6 months.
Yeah, not super exciting. They do have a
very low price to earnings ratio. Let me
see if it's on here. Uh, it doesn't list
it. So, ah, doesn't matter. MG707
Liftback offers liquid solid state
battery tech starting at 22,000. Now, of
course, that's 22,000 in China. If you
exported, it would be 40 45,000.
But what on earth is liquid solid state?
And why on earth do you call it that? Is
it solid or is it liquid? I'd like to
know the answer. And you know who else
would like to know the answer? Chinese
regulators. So this is ridiculous.
Manufacturing in China, they face an
additional an immediate operational
division following the implementation of
the new national standard July 1st. This
regulatory framework establishes precise
classification rules that eliminate
vague semi-olid state or liquid solid
state promotional labels. Knock it off.
You're solid or you're not. There are
rules now. It has to undergo a vacuum
chamber test at 120 Celsius for six
hours to measure volatile mass loss.
Good. Now, there's factories in Mexico
that are domesticating to the US. Sean
Duffy hails Toyota's $3.6 billion Tesla
Texas investment says freedom means
affordable cars, which is the kind of
thing you would expect more from a guy
with a degree in marketing uh than a
degree in economics. Fortunately, Shawn
Duffy has a degree in marketing. It will
not result uh in more affordable cars.
That's not that's not how it works.
They're more affordable than if we build
them in Texas uh in Mexico and then
tariff the heck out of them before they
get to the US. They'll still cost more.
If they were already going to be
cheaper, Toyota would have already been
building them in the US. They're more
expensive, just not as expensive as Sean
Duffy would like to pretend. He also
said it would add more uh and more
consumer choices. Patently false.
Patently false. It's the same vehicles.
They're just going to be made in a
different place. Don't get uh you know,
don't take your advice from uh I'm sure
he was very good at uh being a junior
lumberjack in speed climbing, which fun
fact he was. So that's cool. Uh, reality
TV stars maybe not the best for highle
economic positions. I don't know. I'm
just thinking out loud. Ford finally
runs out of EVs. Machi and F-150
Lightning both cratered roughly 45% in
May, selling just 2400 and a,000 units,
respectively. Both figures fell far
below initial projections. Well, they
kind of stopped building them, didn't
they? Sales of its two biggest flagship
EVs dropped to nearly zero. Originally,
each was to sell hundreds of thousands
per year.
Sales of the Mustang Mache dropped
despite um that is 82 per day
nationwide.
Ford thought using the Mustang brand
would help for jumpstart EV sales is
false. That is not why they chose the
name. Literally the opposite. I've made
too many videos on this to uh to
tolerate such nonsense. Uh let's see.
Ford has started to move forward. The
best predictor of future. Let's see. Uh
for reasons impossible to explain, their
most visible project is its uh for its
future is the universal EV platform and
the universal system. And the first
product will be a midsize EV truck ready
in 2027. What's it look like? We've only
seen it with camouflage. It looks like
this. I don't mind it. I saw some people
call it ugly. I disagree. I think it
looks fine.
And hopefully I'm concerned though
because this looks pretty big for a
midsize and 30,000 for that. Boy, I
don't know if you can do that
profitably. If they can, it'll be a
winner.
If they don't, I'm worried that between
TE and Slate and Ford, they're all
racing to have the cheapest car
possible, the cheapest pickup possible.
And uh yeah, it's not great. Uh it's
very frustrating. that they're all
trying to hit price points that will
potentially bankrupt them. So hopefully
that doesn't happen. And by the way, if
you like the look of it, which again, I
don't mind it. Um, may I suggest a Honda
Ridgeline cuz that's looks a whole lot
like it to me. Rivian's shares fall
after public offering plan overshadows
upbeat revenue forecast. Now, this is
unfortunate, uh, but it's worth
contextualizing now that we have the
ability to look in the rearview mirror.
Shares slipped 9% as they raised $1.5 a
billion dollars in cash. They need the
cash. Uh, the unfortunate scary thing is
that they expect to have uh the revenue
is expected to be a billion and a half,
but the real problem is the cash burn.
They estimate they'll have 5.3 billion
in cash at the end of June, up from 4.8
billion, but they raised another billion
and a half. It's delilution. If we look
at what the trading did, this was the
sixth. It did fall 18% on that day, but
it's kind of recovered since then. Let's
look at the sixth month. Ah, not that
bad. I mean, eh, I wouldn't be super
jazzed, but if you'd bought at 20 bucks
and today it's at you're only down 13%.
That's not super bad for a company that
just raised a billion and a half. Tesla
analyst says full self-driving is about
to have its iPhone moment. I'll save you
the trouble. It's Pierre Farrau. Pierre
has been covering Tesla quite intensely
for quite a long time. FSD is at an
inflection point in a recent commentary.
Tesla's not a car. The same way iPhone
was not a phone. It's a tool that does
other things. And if we want to see the
other side of this
uh optimism, some pessimism, let's talk
about SpaceX for a second. George Noble
says it's a investment built to separate
retail investors from their money.
George Noble is very good at being wrong
about things to a degree that gets him
fired. Uh he u if you look at his fund,
it's lost so much money. It lost like
58% of its money. But let's see how
SpaceX is doing. I'm going to refresh
that. Make sure it's up to date. 13955.
Hey, if you're mad you didn't get in at
the IPO price of 135, the preIPO price,
good news. Uh you may be able to get it
soon. But who knows, you know, maybe
maybe that's uh
maybe that's too high. I don't know. I
was not able to participate in the
preIPO. I'm super glad I didn't buy on
the open market. I'm buying on the open
market. I mean, I'll just make that
choice at that time.
The SpaceX bit, the space bit of SpaceX
is worth $8 a share, says Morgan
Stanley. Really?
Really?
Okay, that seems low to me. We have seen
examples of other companies starting to
catch up. Blue Origin has landed and
refflown a booster. China just recently
caught a booster. It's only about the
size of a Falcon 9, thicker, but it has
less payload capacity. That's something
they'll iron out in future iterations.
It is no longer SpaceX's game alone to
do launch services. We're at 18 minutes,
so we can keep going. Got a bunch of
news. I've always got infinite news.
Tesla's new SUV could be its smartest
profit play yet. Tesla's introduced the
stretched Model Y L in the US,
effectively expanding its most
successful EV into another segment.
It can cost billions to develop an
allnew car from scratch rather than go
that route. They just stretched it just
it is just
I mean okay uh to target the popular
familyoriented segment of the market
while leveraging existing manufacturing
and engineering systems. The Y L is less
different than an S and X. Uh, you know,
from the Model Y, you can very easily
build them on the same lines with the
same equipment. It has a very similar
part count, even similar, not identical.
It's fine. Model Y is the driving force
behind the car makers business,
consistently ranking as its top selling
vehicle uh in America and globally. Y is
expected to build on this tremendous
success. Yes, it is. All of that is
true. And I just love sharing this. The
Model Y L. This is from GM authority.
Imagine trying to cover GM and finding
news. This is how deep you must dig.
Model Y L proves Cadillac vis Dick needs
more luxury features. That's how I've
decided I'm going to say it because
surely they knew that that would be how
it was pronounced. Last week we reported
on the rival of the Y, which doesn't
have a direct GM rival. That said, the
Wild's pricing and content compares most
closely to that of Vist Dick. With that
in mind, we wondered if Vist Dick
offered enough luxury for its $80,000
price tag versus 63,000
uh for the Tesla, which is the launch
edition. You're paying extra because
it's the launch edition. That's not the
real and final price. That includes a
year of free supercharging, a year of
premium connectivity. You're coming out
saving $1,300
and it'll be dropped from there. I'm
sure on the one hand the Vistic is well
equipped, standard heated, ventilated,
massaging, all that has a nice big
screen. Uh but the reality is who on
earth is cross hopping those two cars?
And if you are, please drive them both
before making a decision. Uh we've got
good time here, so let's show this. Uh
Fet County Battery Plant denies report
that ramp up is only for data centers.
So they're making batteries and uh this
is the Honda and LG vehicle assembly
plant uh battery uh plant in Fet County.
The $4 billion manufacturing facility
has begun ramping up production, but not
primarily for Honda electric vehicles
because they kind of canled them.
Instead, it's building battery cells
that can be used as stationary storage.
According to the Nikke Asia LH battery,
the partnership between Honda and LG U
has kicked off mass production.
They're stationary batteries. You can
use them for anything. If data centers
want to buy them, fine. I am absolutely
at peace with that. Honda starts AI data
center battery production. Great. Build
them, use them, do whatever. Get good at
them, get cheap at them, and then sell
them for cars. We know about BYYD's
flash battery. CL has their new ultra
fast charging battery for light
commercial vehicles with million
kilometer warranty. Would you like a
600,000 mi warranty? So that means if
you are a manufacturer and you wish to
use CL batteries, they will warranty the
battery for that much time, for that
much that much distance I suppose. Yeah.
Capable of restoring 80% charge in under
7 minutes. These are megawatt charging
systems. China has taken an undeniable
lead in battery technology and it's a
frustrating uh so that's
challenging is a good way to put it.
Last story I'll share because this is
absolutely ridiculous if you want to
talk challenging. The truck is moving
faster than the strategy. Volvo hydrogen
hedge is still shaping a truck that
should just be batteries. just you know
what you're doing wrong. Uh Volvo's new
FH Aero electric is the kind of truck
legacy manufacturers used to imply
battery electric trucking could not
become. It has 700 kilometers of range
you guys. Carries up to 725 kilwatt
hours of usable battery uh energy.
Supports megawatt charging and uses new
eaxle to free more chassis space from
more batteries.
But the problem is they're making a
hydrogen truck and hydrogen the hydrogen
economy has not arrived. European
auditors have warned that hydrogen
targets outran the robust analysis.
France's national audit office found its
decarbonized hydrogen ambitions
unrealistic even after targets were
lowered.
Guys, it's been too long. I need you to
stop with the hydrogen. It is not a
solution. It is a frustrating joke. Hey,
let's uh do some Q&amp;A, shall we? Can hide
this instead of having a double chat
ghost. We should uh look at the weather
survey. It's too hot. Almost half of you
are saying it's too hot. And 11% of you
have no weather. So, that's wild. Okay.
Well, thank you for participating in
that. If you haven't liked the video
yet, now's a good time, as good a time
as any to like it. Did you like it? If
not, give it the thumbs down. Those do
not hurt my feelings.
Okay. TBD was ready, remains ready.
Clean Technica Tesla's profit per
vehicle has been dropping significantly.
Has it? I haven't seen that. You know,
Tesla's doing okay when at the end of
the quarter they don't have to do big
incentives to hit targets, internal
targets, mind you, but they have not had
to do that. That's fantastic news. makes
me hopeful for this quarter. No big
price cuts, no big promotions,
and cost of goods likely continue to
fall. Who knows? Let's see. We haven't
seen it self-drive much. It will be
interesting to see if it behaves
differently as more footage comes out. I
assume you're referring to the Whimo
emergency vehicle situation. More RAM
could just be bigger cash and/or more
offline maps. A map doesn't take much
much RAM. I imagine you could reload it
frequently, certainly within a few
miles. And actually, they've got the
whole geo fenced area. They could cover
that realistically. Okay. More RAM means
it could push Whimo out of the way when
they stop. Happy to help the algorithm.
Appreciate it. The sneaky parking
viewpoint is Oh, I see. Greetings,
humans. Yes.
So, you're the one who doesn't have
weather. I understand. Japan will
advance faster on their own. Maybe.
I mean, we're stronger when we
cooperate.
Are the robo taxis still avoiding
railroad crossing like Sawyer's Whimo
ride did? That's a good question. I do
not know the answer to that. They can
save money on ram with a grapple.
Ah, yes. More ramming means less
ramming.
They're not making the iPace anymore. I
thought they are not. They are not.
There are a finite number of them in
existence. I wish Tesla Well, and so
what are they building next? Uh we know
that they were working with Hyundai to
use those an Ionic. And then after that,
they're thinking about doing the Zeer.
The Zeer. I mean, if you Google a Zeer
mix, you'll find something that looks an
awful lot like it. It's the same
platform. The problem with anything from
China is you do have to pay that 100%
import tariff. I've heard people
mistakenly say, "Yes, but if uh they
just uh if they were to keep it and not
sell it, then they wouldn't have to pay
it." Nope. You pay it at the point of
import. Uh so that would not be an
effective loophole. It's not a loophole.
I wish Tesla will build a cyber cab with
a steering wheel. Yeah, but they won't.
They stopped that program in June of 24.
That was the NV91. It is gone. Uh, and
now they are two years behind on it. It
would be a whole different car. Every
part of it would be a different car. Be
cool though. Does Tesla have enough info
to create its own mapping software? It's
a great question. They certainly have
the compute to handle it. Maybe it's
time. I wonder what what companies pay
for Google Maps because that is a lot a
lot of what they use. Liar. It's what
plants crave. Mhm.
Uh, Clean Technica said net profit per
vehicle
uh 2100
3500.
Well, yeah. I don't know. I don't know.
Be interesting to look into it. I mean,
but 2100 is still like 5 is still like
what would that be? 20 no uh 10%. About
10% profit. That is lower. That is
lower. But we're going to see that
ticking up because uh they've got more
and more FSD uptake. Lidar is a fool's
errand. You know, it's a great crutch.
It's a great training wheel. Crutches
are great when you have trouble walking,
but when you're good at walking, if you
want to walk really fast, if you want to
run, what you need is five crutches.
Doesn't make sense to me. Tesla crashed
for no reason. Not really. Uh Korea
stock crashed 8% typically uh today
before US markets open caused by AI
related crash. This bled over into the
entire market that happens. SpaceX only
139. What a bargain.
Let's see. I got a couple minutes.
Weather in Tulum, Mexico is always hot.
Well, what are you doing outside of
Vancouver?
You can claim it's not a good reason,
but it's a reason nonetheless. Great
zero day puts, then snag some two-week
longs at the bottom. Very tasty stocks.
Yeah, and I'm not going to argue with
that. I just can tell you that it's
beyond my risk appetite. I like sleeping
at night. Uh Maki is made in Mexico and
screwed by the tariffs. Unfortunate.
Unfortunate. How are people supposed to
know about FSD and all these other
things if they don't advertise? if they
don't fight the misinformation. I would
love to see them address misinformation,
but hey, Tesla's the most Americanmade
vehicle. Yes, except in China where it's
a very Chinese vehicle and Germany where
it's a very German vehicle. It's
wonderful localized supply chains. It
also diversifies if there's some huge
catastrophe in one place. If a
earthquake in the Bay Area were to take
Fremont offline, just get your
production from Texas
and you know other such things. Will
Chinese EVs come to the US anytime soon?
Not soon. Not soon. There are a lot of
people who would gladly pay the 100%
import tariff plus the shipping plus the
dealer markup to get them. The only real
problem then is you don't have service
centers. You'd need a lot of ser you'd
need to build out a massive amount of
service centers. We will be seeing them
especially near the border where people
frequently cross the border but you
can't you can bring them in but you
can't live here and own them. You have
to register them in Canada. If you have
a dual citizenship if you have an
address in both countries you could do
that but I think it'll be pretty
uncommon.
Need to get you on James from Invest
Answers show as a guest. Yeah, let him
know. I've reached out to him in the
past but um I don't think my DMs went
through. Uh, we've been on some shows
together on Herbert's channel. Me, he's
a very sharp guy. The run-up proceeding
Q2 will be fun. And then the freef fall
slide after for no reason will shock
people once again as is tradition. Going
to go into faster skim mode here because
we got to get through it. Uh, please no
more good news. Tesla collapses further
with every good report. Weird, right?
Yeah. Uh, BYD is a race that haters made
up. I'm a shareholder and don't care.
Fair. And the reality is BYD isn't so
much biting into Tesla's market as it is
biting into internal combustion markets.
I talked to a gentleman the other day
who spends $200 a week on gas. And I
said, "$200? I could drive 10,000 miles
in a Model 3." And he said, "Yeah, but
you have a car payment." I said, "My car
payment is less than your gas bill.
You're paying $10,000
a year for gas and you're talking to me
about bad financial decisions, my
friend. I I don't know how to help you.
Oh my gosh. BYD is just a car company.
They're not. They make batteries. They
have a humanoid robot division. They
make grids scale energy storage. They
are first and foremost a battery maker
who also makes cars. Um, and I don't
know if you're joking or not, but it
doesn't doesn't matter. still worth
mentioning. Uh Tesla launched robo taxi
more than a year ago and we have five
unsupervised cars in the fleet. Uh I
think we have more than five, but it
doesn't matter. And uh I don't care if
uh the Wright brothers flew in one year
or the following year. The trajectory
for history remains unchanged. So yeah,
um GM, you've led the way. Yeah, Mary uh
really likes Vistic.
Tesla and SpaceX have zero competition.
They have quite a quite a Tesla has
quite a bit of competition, but not so
much in the US. SpaceX has currently
kind of no competition for launch though
that will change. But a lot of the
launch providing uh companies uh or
agencies out of China will be catering
to markets that SpaceX would not be
doing business with and vice versa. So
they're kind of separate markets.
Uh let's see.
Okay.
Bunch of stuff. No more time. We're out
of time. Um let's see. Tesla will not
sell cyber caps. entirely possible or
very few in very limited situations. Um,
let's see.
The weather's perfect on Long Island.
Uh, it's worse than that. Recalls fix or
return daily.
The recalls, man. Ford's recalls. I had
a chance to talk to a former um warranty
expert. You know who you are. Hey, Bert.
So, uh, they
changed their system and, uh, and now we
know that they overly relied on AI to do
things that they clearly were not ready
to do.
Ah, Joe's is here 30 minutes behind. Ah,
it's fine. And remember, if you're
catching this on the replay, let me know
in the in the comments, not the chat.
The chat will be closed by then. Uh,
yeah. Let's see. All right. Well, uh, so
that's it. Waiting for second Tesla
Model Y from Germany. Ordered in May,
we'll receive end of September. I can't
wait for production to ramp. Guys, we're
having some fun over here. Uh, like if
you haven't, subscribe if you haven't.
Everyone else, uh, what did I miss? What
did I misunderstand? Leave it all in the
comments below. And stay tuned. Stay
juicy. And I cannot wait to hear from
you clever robots. And I just remembered
if you are going to Ethiopia in
December, uh, join us. join me and a
buddy of mine who will be there and
it'll be a lot of fun. Take care, guys.