Channel:     futureaza
Title:       How Elon Built SpaceX Into An Engineering Machine
URL:         https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VUVcji08ESY
Published:   2026-05-17 13:25 UTC
Fetched:     2026-05-17 14:00 UTC

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

SpaceX does some amazing work. They've
got a whole bunch of subscribers and a
lot more coming online every day. How do
they do it? How is this even possible? I
will tell you it is not. It's
impossible. It will never work. Except
it did. Which puts us in a strange
situation where I don't have the
answers. But you know who might? Uh
Quincy from Electric Era, former SpaceX
engineer, now builds amazing, reliable
DC fast chargers and some battery energy
storage solution uh interfaces uh for
data centers as well. He might be able
to answer some of these. And if you got
crazy SpaceX questions, leave them in
the comments. Who knows, we might be
able to uh get to those next time. Uh
let's have a chat. I'm Brian. Welcome to
Futurza.
So, the first thing I've got for you,
Quincy, uh, is what is it about the
culture of SpaceX that allows them to
grow as quickly as they have, as
successfully as they have?
&gt;&gt; Yeah. I mean, SpaceX is a classic uh
overnight 20-year success story. I mean,
as a reminder, people always forget
this, but they started way back in 2023
or sorry, excuse me, 2003. Um, I joined
the company there in 2014. So, I felt
like when I first joined it was it was a
kind of a new startup because at that
time they were really only 11 years old.
But to answer the question, I mean what
I saw and experienced there that we
truly try to embody here at electric air
as well is just a feverish intensity to
build the future and build it in a way
that leverages kind of first principles
engineering and design thinking such
that you achieve like a a platonic ideal
solution that is super optimized for
user experience and cost. that is um I
would say the the product guidance that
Elon has really imbued in the in the
team at SpaceX and former team members
like me culturally that plays out with a
lot of focused really smart people that
are extremely motivated by the mission
uh putting their heart and soul into the
company and trying to make it as as good
as they can. I mean think of uh people
like Gwen Shotwell and and Mark Chosa
who are are kind of like Elon's
lieutenants, left hand and right-hand
lieutenants. They've been at the company
basically since the very beginning. Gwyn
like started uh was the number seventh
employee. Mark was shortly there after.
Those people work extremely hard every
single day. Uh literally six to seven
days a week. Um Elon is an always on
type guy and and everybody at the whole
company is kind of responding to that
intensity that he brings to the table
and and adding and individually they are
adding to it as well. So, it's just
honestly hard work, passion, and really
smart people being focused on a very
concentrated problem.
&gt;&gt; But they're also I mean, there's a lot
of companies that say that that's their
philosophy where maybe the executives
are working hard, maybe they're cracking
the whip and keeping all the employees
moving, but they're not moving in a
smart direction. Um, what I tell people
in terms of Tesla and SpaceX, and you
can give me your thoughts on this, is
that employees are empowered to rise to
their highest level of talent. I've seen
employees at other companies, at legacy
companies who have a great idea, they go
to their boss, and the DI idea dies
right there because one person didn't
like it. And with Tesla and SpaceX, you
can skip the chain of command if you
need to. Um, and I don't know it it's
they're doing things that other
companies have tried and failed to do.
Often companies with a lot more money.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, I think that's right. And yes,
there the expression is like at SpaceX
and we embody this at electric era with
our management philosophy as best as we
can um is we try to give people enough
enough rope uh to be kind of liberated
and to bring forth high agency smart
novel solutions. It's like the famous
old Steve Jobs quote. He says we hire
smart people not so that we can tell
them what to do so that they can tell us
what to do. That's exactly what's
happening at SpaceX. Basically, if
you're like the smartest engineer in the
room, Elon will immediately pick up on
it and the next thing you know, you're
designing the Raptor engine. I forget
the gentleman's name, but that actually
literally happened to this this guy who
just now is like the VP of propulsion at
the whole company. Uh, and he started a
couple years before as like a
introduction uh or a new propulsion
engineer fresh out of college. So that
when you do that repeatedly, it it
motivates people and and they want to,
you know, ultimately unlock more for
themselves professionally and in their
career and it it drives that kind of
bottoms up leadership and bottoms up
progress that's required for a company
like SpaceX to achieve what it has done.
So, with the existing satellites that
are up today, uh, how much headroom is
there to add new subscribers if they
were just able to continue unlocking
additional countries? I assume for now,
China's probably not in the cards. Uh,
Chinese companies are working to launch
their own constellations. That's a
geopolitical thing. but excluding China.
Um, could you double, triple, could we
see subscribers grow that much uh with
just the because when they're not I mean
if one country is saturated that's
great. The satellites will be out of
there in a few minutes,
&gt;&gt; right? I I I think I would need to do
some math. Um but in general they have a
lot of terabits per second of capacity
that is serviceable and in places like
the US where they have really high
subscriber counts. Last I looked, they
were getting, you know, constrained in
terms of adding new subscribers, but in
other parts of the world, that is
definitely not true. And so, to your
point, as long as there's enough time
for the satellites to cool down as they
go over the Atlantic, they can serve
kind of more people over the European
continent and Mongolia and then over the
South Pacific and then over Africa as
they go down south. Again, in general,
the the straight the kind of simple
answer is absolutely yes. But I would
also just challenge the premise of the
question, which is that they're going to
just keep adding satellites. I don't see
that slowing down anytime soon. And the
next generation um is going to be even
bigger and have more carrying capacity
than uh the previous generations by far.
So, this is just going to keep going and
keep going. And I mean, honestly, I
suspect a future where I think they're
at like 12 million subs right now. I
think those are small numbers. I think
they're going to be at hundreds of
millions of subs in the future for
Starlink broadband. And then when you
add in Starlink Mobile, which is their
other next business unit that's already
uh doing quite well, that's going to go
to billions of people. Um they're going
to uh there's a good uh post I did on
this on X a while ago, but they're
probably the total addressable market
for Starlink Mobile is much larger. Um,
and kind of the recent announcements
that they made at MWC 2006 a couple
months ago suggest an even more
aggressive roadmap that will be another
multi-billion
excuse me uh up to 100 billion in uh
total revenue for the company as they go
and build it out. So it's big, it's
going to get a lot bigger. So, uh, in
terms of the biggest, uh, ISPs in the
world, there's a few in China that are
in the hundreds of millions range, uh,
which is tricky to beat. But what you're
saying is that it is entirely possible
with the next generation of Starship
launched, uh, SpaceX Starlink satellites
that the capacity could exceed that,
that they could become the biggest ISP
in the world. That's right. Yes. Uh and
there's lots I think there's a lot to
unpack about that statement. So let's
take a nuanced approach but or or rather
I will try to take a nuanced approach.
But when you think about kind of what is
actually required to go and do that you
need the satellites, you need the user
terminals, you need the gateway ground
stations which is the program that I
worked on at SpaceX. um you need a lot
of regulatory licensing and you need uh
kind of a product and distribution team
that can legally sell the Starlink
terminals and uh the service in these
countries. And so SpaceX has the
rockets, the satellites, the Starlink
terminals, the the the gateway ground
stations all locked and loaded. That's
been proven. what really gates their
growth is things like uh kind of um
spectrum access regulatory approval to
sell in a given country and sell at
scale. So every once in a while you
might see Elon tweet about a new country
that's been activated. That's a big
signal, right? because that's basically
the opening of the gate and then you
have to actually build awareness of the
product in that country and that's like
sales and marketing where you have uh
people you know on the ground trying to
sell more sites um and Elon tweeting
about it which obviously helps a lot and
then over time people start to adopt it
and then their neighbors see it and then
the neighbors adopt it and then that's
how kind of the flywheel goes. So the
major bottleneck in summary is the
spectrum licensing. As they unlock that
for net new countries, they open up a
lot of business opportunities.
&gt;&gt; And the question of the bandwidth
because it is, you know, a a fixed
spectrum that they have. Uh is it are
they able to narrowly focus it in a way
that allows more subscribers in
basically smaller cells within the same
satellite? Um yeah, if I understand the
question, um that is what would be
called like uh oversubscribing. So when
they have so it is a an actual kind of
uh fixed resource the the amount of
spectrum that you can use and uh send
data through on that on that frequency.
So it's it's limited. Um and what they
will do is they will kind of I think
what is called beam uh beam splitting so
that they can share that data over more
and more users. There's a a word for it
that I'm forgetting but effectively one
of the important parts about Starlink is
because they have a phased array antenna
they can shift the beams around to many
more people much faster and then split
out that frequency across a larger and
larger user base. And so they do minor
overs subscribing um to unlock net new
subscribers. And then uh like we've
talked about in previous conversations
about our our uh technologies at
electric air, they use software to do
that intelligently shifting kind of
demand from uh and that capacity from
low periods to highused periods. And
that gets more subscribers on the market
and actually boosts the aggregate uh
user experience of each of those
subscribers.
&gt;&gt; Oversubscribing makes sense. If I've got
uh a restaurant and I need a hundred
customers a day, but I only have 10
tables, that's fine because obviously
you're not going to be on the sitting at
the table all day every day. And if you
are, I'm going to I'm going to cut your
bandwidth, I guess, is is the solution.
Um, so in terms of one of the things
I've noticed is that the hardware, the
Wi-Fi, the dish, all of it is shockingly
easy to use. When I had the better than
nothing beta Starlink, I pulled it out
of the box. I'm like, I don't even know
how this works. You know what? Forget
it. I'm just going to plug it in. And
then it goes, oh, great. There's this
guy. And it took care of it. I plugged
in the Wi-Fi and it just it just plain
worked. There are companies that still
can't get Wi-Fi sorted out where it's
constantly disconnecting. SpaceX is not
one of those companies. Uh is it because
it's gotten easier or because they're
doing something smarter?
&gt;&gt; Smarter. Um it's definitely not easier.
It's always been as difficult as it uh
actually it was probably it was probably
it is probably getting easier just
because you know we have better
technologies today. But the the short
answer is the way that they do that
similar to what we do at electric era
where we vertically integrate they
vertically integrate deeply. So you know
they have an approach where every member
of the engineering team across
mechanical, thermal, vibration,
firmware, software, AI researchers,
they're all working together closely and
the result of that is they're able to
more deeply collaborate on the optimal
first principles design and make sure in
doing so that their systems are well
interconnected and very importantly well
tested. tested. This prevents a scenario
an alternative scenario which is what
happens elsewhere with non-vertically
integrated products where one thing
doesn't talk to the other. Most of those
issues are at this point in our very
digital society software in nature where
you know you have really bad
communication issues uh between like for
example um an EV charging station where
you have uh a a charger that is
disconnected from the cloud provider
which is disconnected from the payments
terminal which is disconnected and has
to navigate a very communication pathway
with the car. Most of that is software
communication problems. Um, again like
companies like Electric Air where we
vertically integrate, we solve that as
much as we can with a vertically
integrated software platform to get
ahead of a lot of those issues. SpaceX
does the same thing where their software
teams that build the Wi-Fi routing
technology talk to the hardware teams
that actually build the box. That gets a
better result for the user.
Now, one thing I learned in the 80s and
90s, and this was a rule in business, is
that you cannot manufacture profitably
in the US. Certainly not technology.
Now, you've found that to not be true.
SpaceX, I can't believe that they're
making the actual consumer hardware in
the US. Uh, surely it would be two
pennies cheaper somewhere else. What is
SpaceX doing that makes it make sense to
do your manufacturing in the US?
&gt;&gt; That's a good question. I mean,
I have some kind of off-the cuff
thoughts on this. I think that one
aspect of this is is they if you think
about Elon's companies, they they
manufacture very specialized pieces of
equipment. They're not building
commodity everyday mundane products.
that specialization and gives them
differentiation
and a product where the value is high
enough where it actually does make sense
to manufacture in the American labor
force. That's not true for all products,
right? If you're building transformers,
it's going to always be cheaper in India
than it is going to be in the US and
it's going to be really hard to compete
economically. For specialty products,
that's not the case. The other kind of
thing that they do that uniquely enables
this is I don't know. I think like that
kind of first principles perspective on
manufacturing design and product design
such that the end product is designed to
be manufacturable in a really robust
way. I mean this is that what they're
Tesla's doing with CyberCap. It's like a
brand new manufacturing philosophy that
was truly reinvented from the bottom up.
That's an approach that they've taken at
their rocket company at the Starlink
business unit at Neuralink.
That's kind of another reason why Elon's
been able to make his companies
profitable manufacturing in a very
expensive place like the US. So I think
that plus a bunch of other stuff comes
together to make this all true.
&gt;&gt; Well, robots earn the same amount in the
US as they do in China. Uh the it's the
same robotic. So if you're doing robotic
assembly, that part is mostly agnostic.
it. The power is a little more expensive
in the US than in China, but we're
talking pennies per item at most. Uh,
and then I think the other thing is they
want to be able to be agile with it so
they can having the manufacturing
facility right there means if we want to
test some new change, we walk over and
do it. Uh, so maybe that's it. Uh, and
then of course now we have the biggest
question, the most secret private
question. Uh, what was the what was the
break room like at at SpaceX?
&gt;&gt; Not many people breaking.
&gt;&gt; No, I mean Yeah, I don't I mean like
there's there's a lunchroom, but people
are
eating fast and getting back to work.
&gt;&gt; Um,
&gt;&gt; I was at I was at the Mega Packac
factory recently and yes, there's like
cereal and dried fruit and stuff, but
nobody's hanging out. We're We're on a
mission.
&gt;&gt; That's right. Yeah.
&gt;&gt; All right. Big secret revealed. Can't
believe we got the inside scoop on the
break room.
&gt;&gt; I wasn't much of a small talker. I mean,
like I I'm I'm kind of joking in that
answer, but um yeah, most people are
pretty darn intense over there. So, I
think that the answer stands, but sorry,
go ahead.
&gt;&gt; No, just that you you you know, when
you're doing something that's that
radically different and the the sense of
urgency is just there. I've seen too
many companies. cuz I've seen too many
factories where there is no sense of
urgency and those companies do not last
long. Uh it's, you know, it sucks, but
it happens. Anything else you want to
share with us about your SpaceX time
that's interesting or should we ask the
commenters to provide their great
questions? Perhaps we can answer get
them asked in the future.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, let's do that. Load them up,
folks. Let's uh let me let me know all
your questions and where I got things
wrong and then we'll come back and do
another session. Yeah, because there are
a lot of questions I'm sure you folks
want to ask that he cannot answer uh for
because you know we have to keep it at a
at a high level. Um but especially when
it comes to things that have been
published that we may have missed. Um
you're a great resource to provide
answers to those because those are you
know I asked I was asking Sith very
detailed questions about bandwidth and
he's like talk to me in six months. I'll
see if it's been published, but I'm not
talking. So, but now it has been
published. So, so guys, in the comments,
what do we miss? What do we
misunderstand? Leave it. I beg of you.
Uh, you got to do what you got to do. I
understand, but subscribing remains
free. Consider it. Everybody else, you
know, like, subscribe, do all that good
stuff. Uh, stay tuned, stay juicy, and I
cannot wait to hear from you, clever
robots. Perhaps June 5th and 6th in
Moskegan, Michigan for the summer
meetup. Uh, tickets on sale now. I think
it's uh teslaman.org.
I'm not sure. It'll be in the
description.