Channel:     futureaza
Title:       Terafab Location, Boring Station Named, Robotaxi on Android, & more... Live at 8am Pacific
URL:         https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fCmu6vxkMyw
Published:   2026-05-06 12:28 UTC
Fetched:     2026-05-06 21:00 UTC

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Good Wednesday to you one and all. Good
Wednesday. It is Wednesday, uh, May 6th.
At least where I am, at least when I am.
We've got a whole bunch of Tesla news to
break and some other tangentially
related news to also share. Too much
good news to wait until Monday. This has
to get out now. Get it while it's hot.
And hot it is. SpaceX wants to spend um
build a $55 billion nextgen vertically
integrated semiconductor manufacturing
and advanced computing fabrication
facility in Grimes, Texas, according to
new filing. Proposed invest in
investment $55 billion up to 119.
See, that's a more that's a more
realistic number. Uh I know a lot of
people early on were saying, "Wow, you
could do it for 20." You can't really do
a chip fab for 20. The equipment costs a
lot. The space costs a lot. There's a
there's just a lot of costs. 119 for the
world's largest chip fab would still be
an absolute bargain. Be a heck of a
deal. Location Grimes County from the
filing. And I prefer I know it says
filing, but I'd prefer it if it said
filling because that's what I'm here
for. I mean, don't get me wrong, the pie
crust is great, but it's what's inside
that really counts. SpaceX proposes
construction of a multi-phase nextG
vertically integrated semiconductor
manufacturing. All that court is
scheduled to hold a public hearing at
9:00 a.m. on June 3rd. So that would be
exciting. 2 hours from Austin. Let's
take a look at these pictures. I mean,
that's the idea. There's the application
and that's where it is. Closer to
Houston. Uh H. I guess it would be in
New York, but Houston. Uh, so not too
far out really. And if you can get the
land and there's enough of it and the
community is willing to support the
project, that's all good news. To which
Elon did add the caveat, this is one of
several locations under consideration
for what will be the largest and most
advanced chip fab facility in the world.
Now, first of all, uh, thank you to
Robert for sending me this addendum just
about a half hour ago. That was great.
Um, but uh I'm going to take issue with
largest. Sure, it could be most
advanced. Definitely not. Definitely
not. The lab fab next to Giga Texas will
be the most advanced. Haha, checkmate.
Nice try.
Tangentially related, the Boring Company
is excited to announce its first
residential music city loop station
agreement serving those living at the
beautiful Prime, Al Cove, and Paramount
Towers in Nashville. Residents will take
an elevator directly to a loop station
within the building and be at the
airport in 9 minutes or lower Broadway
in two. That's that's great. From
downtown to the airport in 9 minutes.
That's fantastic. And this is what the
place looks like. But there is one other
thing in here I wanted to share. Someone
asked Grock, who was it? Dave asked
Grock, "Show me a picture of this with
stick people." And Grock did. That's
That's great. So, if you are confused on
how this works, now you have more
clarity. This is uh an exciting project.
I don't like it. I don't want it. Great.
Don't use it. I don't want my tax
dollars spent on this. Great. They won't
be. If you really hate it, stay on the
surface. Let us mole folk enjoy the
benefit of saving time, saving money,
saving not even having to buy a car
necessarily if your loop is working for
you. So, uh yeah, definitely ask your
doctor if loop is right for you.
Construction will soon start on a new
$225 million megapac battery energy
storage system in South Australia. I had
accidentally reposted this, misreading
it as a new mega factory, which I still
think would be a fantastic thing to have
outside outside of the three we know of.
And Australia seems like a good fit on
account of how much they buy, but I get
it. You got to measure it and count it
all carefully. This should be uh yeah,
battery. The new Kulonga battery is
scheduled for September 27th. Uno Ekis
development is developing the project
and will act as its owner and operator.
Pretty sure that's how you count your
Ekis. Tesla's got a new inapp feature
that will solve the U the EV market's
biggest headache. So, by the way, if you
don't know how the news works on this
channel, I go through the news nice and
quick, add some context, and at the end
I answer your questions. So, have your
questions ready. Post them now if you
like. I'll do my best to get to as many,
if not all of them as I can. within the
halfhour maximum time. Inapp feature
solves the used EV market's biggest
headache. Tesla's quietly rolled out one
of its most practical software updates
yet, and it could add real dollars to
every used Model 3 YS and X. Well, not
every. It could subtract value from a
handful, but it's those handful that are
dragging down the average. Starting with
the latest Tesla app version, owners now
receive an official official cert
certification of repaired high voltage
battery. Whenever Tesla performs a major
high voltage battery repair or full
replacement, the digital certificate
appears directly in the vehicle service
history tab in the app. It's permanent,
verifiable, and downloadable as a PDF so
sellers can hand it over in seconds. So,
this is the problem is if you had major
repairs, they might just be tied to your
account. Other people can't see your
account, and when the vehicle leaves
your possession, that account may be
kind of deleted, certainly hard to
access.
Service invoices often vanish when a car
changes hands. Their battery health
scans are expensive and inconsistent,
aka unreliable. Buyers starting with a
car, staring at a car with 80,000 miles
on it and looking into an 8-year
warranty ticking down would negotiate
hard or walk away entirely because a
battery is the single most expensive
thing. That could shave thousands off
your resale value. So, this is exciting.
Now, what I would ask people, it's a
very common question I get from people
who don't know electric vehicles is, uh,
how long does the battery last? Well,
how long's your engine last? your your
dino burning sploaty juice fueled
engine. Does that last you know forever?
They go, "Yeah, I mean kind of. It'll
outlive the vehicle." I say, "Yeah, the
battery is designed to outlive the
vehicle." That's just it. We saw a story
the other day, 348,000 mi, only lost 34%
of capacity. That's really good. Um, now
let's talk about your Jeep that you're
selling. May I see something concrete
that tells me the health state of the
motor of the engine? And there isn't any
digital record, I guess. Well, there are
words technically on the back. It does
say Jeep, which is all the indication
that I need to know that this vehicle is
not for me with any kind of mileage.
Let's talk about apps. Tesla's finally
launched the Robo Taxi app for Android.
No shade on, no, not a Tesla app. They
did kind of have to stretch it out. Uh,
so they're saying it's got everything
that the Apple app has. It's just
Android. He did say, well, the one thing
that you did miss out on is you didn't
get the introductory pricing of 420. So,
if you thought that this app could
provide you with time travel service,
sadly, you will need a different app for
that. Makes sense. Um, now let's talk
about some other robo taxi type stuff.
Uh, and if you want to save a fortune,
good news. I have saved you a fortune. I
clicked fortune so you don't have to.
Pay walls are the devil. One devil.
China stopped issuing new robo taxi
licenses over a glitch. America can't
stop them from rolling into active
shooter situations with a picture that
has nothing to do with this story.
Nothing to do. If it bleeds, it leads.
and fortune unfortunately
is bleeding at this particular
time of the month. On March 31st, over a
hundred of BYU's Apollo Go robots froze.
They just lost connection and froze. The
server uh was not cooperating. It did
not want to do what it's supposed to do.
And because all of those robo taxis
froze, government stepped in and said,
"Hey, uh this might be an issue. We're
putting a pause on expansions and new
robo taxi applications. If if you're
already approved, you're fine. But we're
not expanding until we get some answers.
Not that big of a deal, but at least
someone's paying attention and taking it
seriously.
Let's pivot, shall we, to not taking it
seriously. New Row receives driverless
testing permit ahead of Robo Taxi
service launch. That sounds good, right?
What's not to like there? New Row has
been granted a permit to begin
driverless testing of Lucids Gravity
SUVs. Oh,
okay. With its autonomous tech on
California public roads, vehicles that
will eventually be used in Uber's
premium robo taxi service. Oh,
okay. But the startup isn't uh backed by
Nvidia and Uber says it isn't quite
ready to begin. I'll say DMV uh said the
uh that you know uh it's modified Nuro's
driverless AV permit to include lucid
gravity vehicles. Nuro has uh held a
driverless permit for 6 years but only
applied to operate a low-speed vehicle,
a program that was scrapped when the
startup pivoted its business model to
focus on licensing its technology to
companies like Uber. What technology?
What technology? If you're not even road
testing, what technology exactly are we
talking about? The latest permit allows
them to test the Lucid without a human
uh without a human driving it, but with
a human behind the wheel. So, yeah, the
driverless permit is one of many
regulatory hurdles. For now, Uber uh
Nurero and Uber are testing Lucid's
vehicles. And here's the beauty is it's
a three-way partnership. Neuro, Lucid,
and Uber. With Uber pumping cash into
Lucid, Uber is flailing.
These EVs will be equipped with Neuro's
autonomous vehicle system, which is
powered by Nvidia's Drive AGX Thor
computer.
A great tool, don't get me wrong, but
it's just a tool. If you're a home
builder and you're excited to tell me
that you just bought a bunch of new
tools that you don't know how to use,
I'm not excited to build to buy a home
you built. I'm excited to see if you can
figure out how to build a home. Uber has
made that multi-million dollar
investment in Nuro as well.
So, Lucid has delivered 75 engineering
vehicles to Nuro and Uber and testing
and mileage accumulation is ongoing in
several cities. This is not exciting.
If you do want to see exciting, FSD has
been fasttracked in Belgium. We did see
some posts yesterday on X that uh the
process is underway. They have voted for
rapid homologation because let's not
delay anymore, shall we? Shall we?
Pretty pleasing. Thank you. Uh so that
will be great. It may not be all of
Belgium. It may be only portions of
Belgium, but the more places that get
this, the more people can see that it
works. And who works a lot? Me.
Subscribe, would you? If you enjoy these
kinds of updates, every bit helps. And
if you really want to help, you can do
one of these things that uh actually
funds the mission. I was honored to be
added to this new AI aggregator tool
that pulls from the best YouTube
channels and just summarizes what we do,
which is very exciting, but it takes
money out of my pocket. So, that's less
exciting because if you do that, why
would you need to
watch the videos? Uh, by the way, uh,
coming up next Thursday, not tomorrow, a
week from tomorrow, we've got our Oregon
Electric Vehicle Association meeting
event. uh location has not been named,
oeva.org, but it's next Thursday. It's
the second Thursday of every month. Open
to the public. Come join us, won't you?
Uh we do not hard sell on the
memberships. We just want you out.
Um Tesla gets a massive order from the
semi, 370 units, $100 million. The ACT
Expo is underway and people are coming
in to see it. It's getting very
exciting. the factory is open and
producing trucks. We've seen footage,
but we've also um you know, this is this
is what happens, man. This is where it
goes. Uh it's out. And by the way, we
did get updated pricing. Not the 240 to
260 we were hoping, but 260 for the
short range and 290 for the long range.
But as I've been saying based on
analysts I've spoken with inside the
industry and professionals inside the
industry, electric trucking, $300,000 is
the sweet spot. If you're under that, it
makes sense. If you're over that, it
doesn't. 290. Let's sell as many of them
as we can at that price. Then we'll work
down market from there. So 370 trucks
from three different buyers. Um it's
exciting. I mean, we just want to see
it, you know, let's get it out and
going. Uh, the second to last, the
penultimate story dour first Model Y L
mule sighting in North America. I took
this on I280 northbound this afternoon.
It's a long boy. So, thank you, Michael,
for posting that. Uh, yeah, we're in Q2.
This is about when I was hoping to see
it. I was hoping for an announcement by
now, but I do understand that announcing
it prematurely could negatively impact
ongoing Model Y sales. Let's not Osborne
ourselves.
Okay. Solar and wind has become a lot
more cost competitive.
40 uh 54 to $82 per megawatt hour, down
from 100 just a few years ago. New coal
in China in China cost 70 to 85 per
megawatt. So, it's in that range. and
new gas capacity more than $100 a
megawatt hour globally. So that means
we're at price parody. I made a post the
other day comparing the uh poking at the
people who claim that windmills are too
ugly and I don't want to look at them.
First of all, I'm a human and humans
prefer looking at things over looking at
no things. They would know that if they
weren't bots. But the reality is uh
sometimes you have to see things. When I
was a kid, I would see the oil pumps in
California on our road trips. Did that
ruin the view? No, it was the view. And
I asked why they're there, why I can see
them. And my parents said, "It's the
cost of living in a civilized society.
You have to see bridges to have bridges.
You have to see oil pumps to have oil."
And you don't have to see bridges. I
guess you don't have to see the oil
pumps or derks, but sometimes you do.
It's just part of life. power lines
exist. Get over it. So, this is one of
the talking points. It's too expensive.
Batteries will never make sense. Solar
and wind will never make sense. But it
does. This is evidence of that. And for
that matter, they were saying other
absolute insanity like um well, I if
only, you know, I don't I just don't
want my tax dollars subsidizing uh
renewables. I go, but your tax dollars
are subsidizing fossil fuels. One guy
even went as far as to say, "Oil isn't a
fossil. I thought you'd know that." I
said, "Natural gas isn't an oil. I
thought you'd know that because you
know, I'm sassy." So guys, that's it for
that part of it. We can get into the
Q&amp;A. I hope you got some good ones for
me. Thanks for hanging around. If you
haven't liked the video, uh, what are
you doing, man? Come on, like it. So,
let's have a chat. We've got a few
minutes here left. I think I can click
this without breaking anything. I can.
Okay. Apparently, notifications work
today. That's good. Uh, did everyone did
everyone did you get your morning coffee
or afternoon tea or midnight snack? I
don't know where you are. Um, I have a
toothache and intolerance for stupid
thinking. Seems I can fix the toothache.
Love it. Love it. I wanted to say
something, but it was right before the
show went on. Joe's Morg made it. I'm
semi excited. Oh, yeah. Let's look at
the poll. most excited about robo taxi.
That's reasonable. That's reasonable. I
think that has the biggest near-term
impact on our daily lives. I made it.
I'm interested in everything in your
poll. Yeah.
How is everyone today? Uh guys, uh in
the chat, Joe needs to know how everyone
is. So, if you could let him know, that
would be great. Uh it's 1:00 a.m. here.
Well, thank you, Daniel, for hanging
out. 11:00 a.m. Sorry to hear about your
Yeah, thanks. I made my coffee too
sweet, so need to schedule dentist
visit. Good gravy. Be careful with that.
Huge semi sales uh semi- sales deal with
Watt EV 100 million. Yeah, you posted
that before we got to it. People relate
batteries to their flashlight, cordless
tools, and cell phone experience. Yeah,
these are not those batteries. These are
designed to last longer than the car.
Well, you can only charge it 1,500 2,000
times. Well, right, but from empty to
full. If your gas tank could only be
filled 2,000 times, that would still be
more than you would drive it. I mean,
think about what the math is on a full
tank of gas. That'd be that'd be a lot
of money.
Regulators, okay, for you, FSD.
Uh, I'm doing my best. It's difficult to
get people to understand. The batteries
are different. Yeah. Than what you see
in cordless tools. Neuro 100% hype. In
California, they have a DMV only
training wheels permit in California.
There are four specific CPU permitting
steps to run a real service in
California. Yeah. Yeah. When do I expect
the Tesla Semi will go anonymous? I
assume you mean autonomous. If you mean
anonymous, I don't think it will. I
think it'll be well known for what it
is. Uh right now it's kind of anonymous,
but autonomous don't know. I think they
might start rolling it out in a few
years. Uh but I don't know. There's a
lot more to driving something that's
long that's that long and articulated.
Uh
I'm I'm articulate, but I will not
finish that joke. I got 1432. To be
honest, it's fine. And the thing is FSD
is so good now, it is really hard to
tell if anything has improved. I'm
hearing that from others as well.
They're saying, "Yeah, it's good. I
don't know what I'm supposed to be
looking for. I no longer record my
average FSD drives unless I've got
something very specific. I won't bother
recording because I said to my gang the
other day, we went to Costco, came back,
I said, "Good thing we didn't record
it." Nothing happened. There were no
challenging weird edge cases. that just
drove doortodoor both directions.
I hope my 2022 Model 3 can robo taxi.
Yeah, that would be great. I hope so,
too.
And yeah,
still no option for Duncan drive-thru. I
hope the drive-through option is
something that comes. I can see why they
don't want to add it. There's a lot of
possibility for error. Tesla's great at
making maximum money from their
products. Boy howdy. They're in they're
in the battery space that is so
competitive. If you can get three to
four percent margins, you're doing
great. Their mega packs are at like 30%
margin and still industryleading. Their
cars are at like 20% gross margin.
That's the kind of territory that used
to only belong to Ferrari and Mercedes.
Mercedes now struggling a little bit.
Ferrari is still there and then Tesla.
That's insane. Do you get a view every
time AI copies your video? I assume so
because I don't think there's an API way
to pull a video. Uh but they definitely
wouldn't be watching an ad. So it would
just be a view. And if that one view
then results in 50 people not watching
the video, I've lost money. Uh without
the camo, no one would have noticed the
Y L. I agree. I agree. We already know
what it looks like and what it looks
like is at a glance in disccerncable
from a regular Y. I think the camo does
draw more attention. Strides and effect
indeed. Can't wait to see Tesla semi on
the road in the Midwest. Yeah. Yeah.
Good to see you, Brian. Well, the irony.
While would have been best hidden in
plain sight. Yeah. Doing a good job to
finally catch the live show.
I want to buy a semi as my daily driver.
Convert it to a cyber semi. Huh?
You know, the panels are not
loadbearing. You could make it look like
anything. I mean, you probably wouldn't
want to change the windshield, but the
panels, you could cyber it up pretty
good. I think Elon literally said he'd
sell the semi to any regular Joe that
wants it. And I want it. Yeah. Sorry, I
did mean autonomous. Well, now you tell
me. I figured. I figured. Why isn't
there a vehicle rental company picking
up and renting Teslas, not a Turo or a
Wesla? Um, I mean, they are easy to
maintain, track, etc. Thoughts? You
know, uh, I don't know. I don't know.
The normal business model for a rental
car company is they buy the cars at deep
fleet discounts. Whatever the
manufacturer has to get rid of, they'll
take it because they don't care what it
looks like. They don't care how nice it
is. They just want the cheapest car
possible. They run them for two years,
put 20, 30,000 miles on them, and then
sell them for Kelly Blue Book. Now, that
might be the low end of the Kelly Blue
Book, but the idea is the price they're
selling it for after 2 years is about
the price they paid. So, they got a free
car for 2 years. No repairs and
maintenance. All that was covered under
warranty. Uh, all they had to do was
damage repairs for which they are paid.
So, uh, with a Tesla, you would buy and
hold and your fleet discount would not
be sufficiently deep to justify the
additional risk. So, with a Tesla, you'd
have to actually pay for the car. And
with the legacy guys, you kind of get
free cars.
Do you think Tesla would ever give
police departments the ability to have
your car pull over? So, I don't know.
OnStar has been doing that since the '9s
where it could have a remote kill
switch. I haven't seen that yet. I know
that's a privacy concern that many
people are worried about. I don't know
why, but
it that's how people feel. I'm not going
to argue with how people feel um this
time. Sometimes I will. Does Tesla have
a dreage version of the semi in the
wings? No, just the short range one. The
short range one has only two of the
three battery modules, I guess you'd
call them. three big old uh battery
goiters along the neck of the vehicle if
you will and on those uh it means it
also has a shorter wheelbase. So I guess
the short range one would be good for
draage uh which is to say used in the
ports used from ports to warehouses
nearby.
Should be a high-speed chase mode where
FSD tries to outrun police. That'd be
great. I mean it'd be terrible, but it'd
be great. Let's see. The high-speed runs
are dangerous. Humans should not be
doing it. Let FSD drive the run. Very
smart. Wonder what FSD what Tesla does
with hail damage. I'll have to check
into that. Dimpled auto rental could
work. H. Well, depends on the hail
damage. If it's modest hail damage, you
would just go to a paint a dentless
paint repair. What is it? Paintless dent
repair. Third time's a charm. More
excited about pretzels. I haven't had a
good pretzel in forever.
I'd like to see FSD on Nurburg Ring. You
can. It'll go about the speed limit, but
you can. So, that's not going to break
any records. Uh except for perhaps
safest drive on Nurburg Ring. It's an
open road. It's a toll road, but uh you
can drive on it sometimes. So, that's it
you guys. We made it through it. I
appreciate you coming in for the weekly
news that has now happened twice this
week. Semi-weekly news. Interesting.
I've got a semi video coming out with
Mark in a couple days. That will be
semi-interesting as well. Uh Friday
morning, I believe. So guys, what did I
miss? What did I misunderstand? Leave it
in them comments below. And everyone
else, stay tuned. Stay juicy. And I
cannot wait to hear from you clever
robots on the flippity flop.