Channel:     brighterwithherbert
Title:       Everyone Is Suddenly Chasing Tesla
URL:         https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nDhNDHnGPmw
Published:   2026-06-15 19:30 UTC
Fetched:     2026-06-15 20:00 UTC

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Several events and news stories
important to Tesla investors happened
this weekend and they're all about robo
taxi. First, a record 102 cybercaps were
spotted at the outbound lot of Giga
Texas. These cyber cabs appear to be
testing around the country and also
parked waiting at robo taxi hubs at
several cities. 31 cybercaps spotted at
a Houston robo taxi hub and 50 at
Dallas. Second, several signals that
Tesla FSD will be approved in China.
Tesla recruitment scaled aggressively
across nine cities at once and rumors
are that it will get approval maybe this
Friday, June 19th. Tesla has changed the
name now calling it simply Tesla
assisted driving. Third, new updated
data just came out about Tesla robo taxi
safety. Nitsa reported just one crash
for Tesla from April to May. Tesla again
not at fault. This new crash was a stop
robo taxi that was rearended by a pickup
truck. A new article in Forbes was
praising Tesla full self-driving saying
it's essentially a de facto robo taxi
now. Fourth, meanwhile, a video went
viral of an accident involving Uber's
partner AV ride. Finally, two Tesla
competitors came out saying they expect
to have systems as good as Tesla's.
Rivian CEO RJ Scarring in a new
interview said he expects to have full
supervised pointto-oint very similar to
Tesla's FSE by next year. And the CEO of
Lee Auto said that features of their
Mach Val could become equivalent to
Tesla's FSE version 14 by end of this
year. Let's take a closer look. We got
Jeff Lutz here with us today. He's an ex
supply chain selective from Motorola,
Google, and Lenovo. He's currently
running his own consulting firm serving
mega tech in supply chain design and
manufacturing. Welcome, Jeff.
&gt;&gt; Hey. Yeah, lots to go through. a lot of
movement actually occurring on a number
of fronts and I think it's pretty
encouraging but we we'll step through it
and I think we can interpret what's
really happening.
&gt;&gt; Mhm. Yeah. Your projections about cyber
cap production, what it means and what
it what happens when we're hitting
certain when is a tipping point or maybe
it's not yet. Uh here we've got spotted
102 cyber caps. 102 that's a record at
Tesla's outbound lot in Giga, Texas.
Beautiful photo of these cyber cabs uh
lined up in a number of places. Thank
you to Airwave. I think it looks like he
did the drone this time around. General
Westside fly over. There's also a test
track that they're building. Uh maybe
for the Roadster, maybe for the cyber
cabs, don't know. But uh that's looks
like it's being, you know, moving
forward quite quickly. And here are the
photos. Uh what's going on, Jeeoff?
&gt;&gt; Well, first off, look at the size of the
lot. So that should give you a bit of an
idea of how how big this operation is is
going to be in and the 102 just is a
very small section of it. I mean they're
they're clearly scaling up in a linear
fashion. And if I here's here's what I
think is happening. If you're inside of
Tesla, this is all one quarter right now
essentially. This is Q2.
And they remember they they just started
production in Q in near the end of the
first month of Q2, April. So we're we're
not even at two months worth of start of
production. So this is them
transitioning from dozens to hundreds to
thousands. That's the the kind of mode
that production is getting into where
they're increasing the rate of
production. They're they're the stations
are running faster. They're running
production longer. they're putting more
input material into the process. You
typically do that as your individual
station yields improve. If you put a
bunch of material into the process and
your yields are lower, your costs are
going to be higher and your output's
going to be lower. So, they're marching
up the Tesla knows how to ramp. Okay,
that Tesla clearly knows how to ramp uh
mass production. It doesn't mean that
they're not having problems. Uh, I think
the cyber cab is actually there's some
very there's some new things that
they're doing with reaction injection
molding and a number of different
assembly techniques that there that
would make the start of production like
there's a lot of new things that they're
dealing with. But I think they're
getting through it well and that's why
we're starting to see these increasing
numbers of vehicles. Now, why would you
be putting more vehicles into the
output? Why would you be increasing it?
And we're going to talk about in a bit
the the storage of vehicles in remote
locations. I have a theory. It's not a
theory. It's actually grounded in in how
mass production occurs. when you're
building a new product
and if you're uncertain about the new
product whether it's its hardware or or
if it's its software
uh and there may be something related to
you having to touch that product and and
to do any additional kind of work on it
to make it production worthy what the
last thing you're so the first thing
you're doing is you're slowing or you're
stopping production if you find a
problem but beyond that if there's some
significant level of uncertainty in what
you're doing or it's its production
worthiness in the field. The other thing
you're doing is you're not moving it far
away from the source of production.
You're keeping it as close as possible
and you're keeping everything. When I
say close, I mean literally in the
facility or, you know, in in your own
distribution. And that's not what Tesla
is doing. And when we get to some of the
next shots of some of the individual
cities, they're moving product out to
the field. And I and and there's some
great conversation on what they're
moving out to the field. And I think
it's a combination of of like two things
can be true at the same time. Yes,
they're moving in all of these cities.
They have to move cyber cabs in that are
test vehicles and then they also are
moving in production vehicles. And when
I look at the ratio and I look at the
sizing, it looks like they're getting
closer and closer to a production
framework and a production flow than
just purely the testing flow. It doesn't
mean that the testing flow is over uh at
all because they'll always need vehicles
in these cities. But let I mean let's
let's keep going uh because that to me
that ratio is important. And it looks
like that ratio of production vehicles
and test vehicles is on its way to
flipping and we need to see more. We
need to see more cyber cabs obviously
produced without the steering wheel. But
I also believe that that's a fairly
quick field retrofit for Tesla. So in in
summary, one is I think they're more
confident, they're very confident about
the hardware in CyberCap and I think
they're getting more and more confident
about the hardware software FSD solution
becoming a reality because they're
moving it further and further away from
the source of production.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, that's good news. I was wanting to
hear your thoughts on that. That's very
good. Uh production versus testing.
Testing will still continue. I I believe
that that is still the the main reason
why they're holding off because wait
till you see the latest safety data. It
is still very very good for Tesla, but
things are building up and uh you're
you're you sounds like you're pretty
happy to watch more production vehicles.
Here's what we're seeing now. This is
the H Houston robo taxi hub after as of
June 13th. Steering wheels still appear
to be in place. 31 cyber caps though.
That was up from 20 just a few weeks
ago. So, these are building up. That's
That's Houston.
Beautiful cars. They look like you're
saying, production ready. Many of them
uh these ones don't look like they have
they have the decals put on yet, but
there are I'll show you other lots where
you do see that they are fully decked
out and ready to go. These are sitting
there. That's Wow, that's a lot of car.
Yeah. Again, this is to me there's a
tipping there's a tipping point
&gt;&gt; occurring where there there's still
going to be testing and there's still
going to be vehicles that are testing.
But when I look at that that front plate
for example, that front plate, there's a
direct material cost to produce that
front plate and attach it to the
vehicle. There's a direct material cost
to produce the wheel caps and attach
them to the vehicle. There's a direct
material cost and an indirect or or
manufacturing assembly cost of of the of
the cyber of the decals and putting them
on the vehicle.
So, if you're just running testing,
you're going to be attaching rigs to
these things. You're going to have
engineers climbing in and out of it,
scratching up the seats. You're not
going to do the other things to the
vehicle. Now, somebody's going to jump
up and say, "Well, you need the the the
wheel caps on because you're testing the
performance in terms of the energy
required per mile and so forth." And I
get all that. You don't need to do that
on all the vehicles. Okay? So, I think a
couple of things can be true at the same
time, but the signals you have to be
looking for is they're making these
vehicles more and more productionworthy.
These are production vehicles, the high
gloss vehicles. They're attaching the
wheel caps. Got the front plates. Some
of these are putting decals on, some of
they're not. The the steering wheel and
the pedals. I believe that these are
field retrofitable items. This is just
an assumption. I'm not 100% sure, but I
believe that these are things that can
be removed in the field. So again,
you're Tesla is very efficient with
their testing apparatuses, their their
amount they invest in R&amp;D, the amount
they invest in capex
uh pre-production and post-production.
And my guess is I think people will be
surprised like in in a in a
two things can be true at the same time.
I think people will be surprised. There
are a lot of vehicles needed for testing
and concurrent testing because once this
next release is available, you want if
you want a big deployment of robo taxis,
you want to test concurrently in all
these cities as well to see how it
performs. So I think both things are
true. There are many test vehicles going
to each of these cities, but we're also
at this tipping point where we're seeing
many production vehicles or vehicles
capable of converting to production in
the field. This is Dallas. 50 50 in
Dallas. That is uh very very impressive.
Oh, did I lose that one? Yeah. So, this
is Dallas. Uh that's Dallas. And then
like you're saying, these are likely the
ones with the um steering wheels.
They're not quite ready. They're testing
for testing purposes. But this is or
excuse me, these are 19 that are badged
and ready to go, too. So 19 badged in
Dallas as well and and they include just
the regular cars as well. So
&gt;&gt; like I said, it's not that's not a a
permanent determinant state like once it
has a steering wheel, it's a test
vehicle forever. I ve I I believe that
they can they they can and they will
convert many of those and they will
maintain a test fleet in many locations.
If I'm Tesla, I want to I want to do
that and I want to verify the vehicles
&gt;&gt; uh as new software comes out.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, we're seeing it everywhere. Here's
one in uh my hometown.
This is Seattle being spotted
everywhere. Now, this is the first time
we're starting to see Seattle since last
week. This one is Mesa, AR, Arizona.
They're being spotted everywhere. And
then this one is Las Vegas reportedly
preparing dedicated robo taxi support uh
infrastructure as well. They're
everywhere.
&gt;&gt; Good.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. All right. That's cyber cap
fleets. And then there is China. Now,
this is all rumors. We don't know. This
is true. I still expect that FSD will be
approved in China, but I'm not thinking
until Q3.
But there are rumors. Here's first. This
is not rumors, but apparently their
recruitment efforts uh has accelerated
across nine Chinese cities. We knew that
they already earlier hiring data
labeling and FSE validation. That was
happening a month ago, but the recurment
scaled just recently uh across these
nine cities. to another report here
saying the same thing. So, that seems to
be happening. Um, and then there's
rumors from the uh posts. Uh, and then
and then it looks like that this
person's saying that it could actually
happen this week on June 19th before the
Dragon Ball Festival festival. Who
knows? That's probably just a rumor. And
this one here, V14 approvals completed
and pushed coming soon. And then again,
we don't know how true these are, but uh
it's probably coming.
Yeah.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Herbert, I don't know if we're
talking about 1434
um today, but I got it over the weekend
on on
&gt;&gt; on on both of our vehicles. It is
a meaning another meaningful step. And I
where I my quick summary on FSD is I
feel like Tesla's solved the 99% of the
ride where it's you know you're going
you know 10 miles to a destination and
all that stuff in the middle all the
driving all the lane changing all the
stuff it's not everything's not perfect
but they I think they've really solved
it and 1434 is a meaningful step. The
car is very steady inside of the lane.
the lane changes seem to be more and
more informed and it it's not
excessively speeding in, you know, like
the higher modes. The nag is again is in
a great place and it continues to me to
move more and more to the background.
But where Tesla has needed the focus and
they know this of course is the start of
the very start of the ride and the very
end of the ride. And that's the biggest
jump I've seen going from 1433
to 1434
is now these options appear for the end
of the ride that if you need to if you
need to select a different way to
approach your destination and it's also
the messaging on the screen is it's it's
it's acting like a chauffeur. It's
acting like a robo taxi. It tells you
driving to this destin you know it tells
you like the computer is in more control
than you are. So, between the UI
changes, the way the car drives, and I'm
now call it oneshotting more and more
parking jobs than I've ever have before.
Before I felt like I always had to take
over in parking, and now it seems to be
finding a more optimal spot, and it
seems to be getting into that spot a lot
better. So, now I feel like Tesla has
zeroed in. They know they know what they
have to do. It just feels like the the
improvements now were zeroing in at the
end of the ride and making that and and
to me that those were the convenience
features or issues that need to be
unlocked for more for more deployment.
So I I think these big jump ups we're
starting to see in the number of of robo
taxis on the network and then deployed
in each of these cities is corresponding
with these releases. And I think the
robo taxis are getting them first and
they're seeing this and experiencing it.
And what a great way for Tesla to test
because it's their vehicles, it's their
test writers and drivers and and I
believe this whole test uh code model
test release process is now even moving
faster with what they have in the field.
I that's probably why they have to have
these test vehicles forever for a long
time because every time they have a new
ve u new software version they need to
test that as well with a supervised
driving. But it's great to hear
&gt;&gt; you got 3.3.4 and you're loving it and
then um
&gt;&gt; and I've heard the same thing. A lot of
people are saying this is now smooth
smoother than it's a bigger jump than
just a dot release is what people are
saying. Um just to finish off the China
story, they have changed the naming of
what they call it FSD in China of
regulatory reasons and marketing
challenges. They initially called it FS
intelligent assisted driving. Then it
became intelligent assisted driving. Now
it's Tesla assisted driving. Simple like
it. Okay. New data. So every 15th of the
month, we get an update from Nitsa about
what happened with the robo taxi
services. uh Tesla, Whimo, and Zuks. And
you can see what happened. And from May
15th to April 15th, there was one crash
that Tesla had to report. So now there's
18 total. I've done many shows now
explaining what these 18 are. Uh and
only seven are actually Tesla at fault
of which two are uh uh two were uh
uh people were driving it super somebody
was remote driving it and then two were
curb rashes and all of them were just
fender banners. This one uh is is is
also another non-Tesla
uh at fault. So now there's total of 18.
This was a robo taxi stopped at a solid
red left arrow and then it was rearended
by a pickup truck. Even after including
this new crash, Tesla's robo taxis
latest 3-month rolling all crash rate is
still better than the average human
baseline. That is fantastic. Each month
that goes by without any major issue and
then the fact that it's another, you
know, not Tesla not at fault getting
hit. It could have been zero. Another
zero. Another zero would have been
fantastic. But this is really zero
honestly because it's not Tesla's fault.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. I don't I don't know why even the
data gets clouded up. To me, what we're
trying to measure is is a computer
controlled car
a a safer thing than a human controlled
car. And if you put any mass of metal
out on the roadway with humans driving,
there's a probability that a human could
be at fault and hit the computer
controlled vehicle. I just think there
should be absolute clarity around is the
computer
causing uh an accident or and is it
involved in less accidents? And I think
those are the key things. I just we
don't have a real at fault accident
where a computer-driven Tesla since a
cont a computer-driven robo taxi has
caused any kind of major accident in now
I several months maybe
I mean since the program started. I know
I know they're involved in incidents
like you described but it's one thing to
be a curb rash on a hubcap. I don't even
know why we're even talking about that.
The the impetus of what we're trying to
do is we have humans on the road with me
computers in their head and they're
distracted. They're not good at driving.
They make bad decisions. They're
emotional or something happened that day
or they're under the influence and or
they're distracted
and cause an accident. And now with
computer control vehicles, we don't have
it. I don't know of an at fault incident
where a robo taxi has hit and seriously
caused a crash uh on a vehicle. So,
we're we're getting to the point we're
printing zeros and zeros after every
month. And and I think this is what's
needed to go wider.
&gt;&gt; And and to be clear, we don't uh we
can't normalize the data trying to
compare what Whimo is and Zuk's versus
Tesla's. We don't have miles driven.
Yeah.
&gt;&gt; How many cars need that? Yeah, I saw
some of these these graphs where it
shows the Whimo plot like well yeah I
mean they're driving more miles and they
have more vehicles out on the road. So
we really need normalized data and I
mean Tesla keeps their own normalized
data
&gt;&gt; and I think that's going to be we have
superhuman driving that I mean I think
that's the takeaway with robo taxis. We
have
&gt;&gt; including Whimo. Mhm.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. and and as soon as long as a story
can be cleanly told uh th this is the
way we have to get beyond these things
that could potentially injure and you
know seriously injure or kill people and
we have to get to the point where these
computers are are in control and they're
we get rid of this problem. We should be
looking back on this 20 30 years from
now like there are car accidents like
how how could that even happen?
&gt;&gt; Yeah, perfect timing. Jeeoff, take a
look at this. Um, Peter Balls at the
wall FSD said FSD might have just saved
me from a head-on collision.
&gt;&gt; Great handle. I always have to call that
out.
&gt;&gt; My Tesla was taking evasive action
before I even saw the danger. Uh, field
one and AI Tesla AI, one of the people
building the FSE said, "Watch frame by
frame. FSE responds instantly even
before the vehicle ahead." Let's take a
look at this video.
That's what you want because that's the
other variation in human driving is how
quickly you react and do you overreact.
I was in a situation where I had a car
accident occur in front of me to the in
front and to the left and the car spun
out in front of me and the typical thing
to do would be to overcorrect in
steering and that could have put
somebody here into one of these signs or
into a tree and FSD knew how much to
correct and knew when to start
correcting. And I saw that AI driver and
I think David Moss were doing some
experiments off of the latest release
and they were standing behind a sign
where all you could see is the foot
appear of a person and FSD started
slowing down and I think they calculated
&gt;&gt; the reaction time at 0.13
seconds and I mean this is the
difference between serious injury and
death
&gt;&gt; and
I this we have to get this critical
life-saving technology out in volume.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. So, this is a truck uh that's gone
out of control heading into the lane on
our lane. Obviously, FSE is right here
driving and then that car ahead of us
and what he Phil saying take a look at
the what's happening here because that
car FSE started moving even before that
car in front which is obviously should
have seen that car coming really
quickly. That's a human reaction and
thank goodness for that human reaction
to have done the same thing. So, they're
safe but so did FSD. So that was great.
Um, and in general, what we're watching
is, uh, like you were saying earlier,
the the FSE is is getting so good,
people are being switched over from
being negative about it to being
realizing it's real. Here is a Forbes
article written by Brook Kthers. FSE is
evolving into a de facto robo taxi.
Fantastic. I'm so happy that we have
more articles telling the truth of what
they're seeing. Tested Tesla FC is
evolving into a de facto robo taxi. This
was again, it's like any car. You just
pick a buy a car. This case is a Model 3
premium all-wheel drive 2026. He drove
it in Los Angeles. Tesla FSE is getting
harder and harder to distinguish from a
driverless vehicle. Tesla's latest
version 14.3 feels more like a level
four or driverless ADS than past
versions of FSE. A level four. Of all
the car manufacturers today pursuing an
advanced ADS, Tesla's way ahead is a
headway ahead. And then uh Sawyer added
his own commentary about his testing a
Toyota BZV BZ which is really just lane
centering. So whenever somebody goes,
"Oh, they've got Toyota's got it too."
No, when you go test it, it's actually
just lane centering technology. You
know, people don't know any better won't
know that. So this is the article we've
already known about this, but this is
great. Tesla was Tesla was getting a lot
of media around self-driving and it was
negative and it was it was journalists
trying to get Tesla in in the headline a
negative headline something and it was
getting Tesla a lot of unwanted media
attention even though and then we would
come out or anybody would come out and
say well this is FUD and this is the
real data when you have to look at it in
aggregate and and now I think what's
going to happen here my prediction is
the num the total number of articles is
going to go down in volume because
&gt;&gt; the output is very positive like and all
these getting like this is really good
and so there's nothing there's nothing
here to tag Elon or to tag Tesla on
which is going to drive a bunch of
clicks. I mean, there's still some
honest there's no question that there's
honest journalists out there that will
still do, but I I think the total volume
of articles is going to go down. And
this is where I think Tesla needs to
extend their hand, grab the baton and
say, "We've done the engineering work.
The magic is is done." I It's never
done, but we've got it to this place.
Now, it's time to advertise and let the
world know. So, I've always been pro-
discovery of like, do you have an
awareness issue? And if you have an
awareness issue, you should probably
consider advertising.
But the FSD software wasn't as good as
it was. Now it it really is very good.
And maybe we were too early and too
naive, but now it's that good. Now I
think it's it's time to let the world
know. I mean, they're letting the world
know about Starlink. They're letting the
world know everywhere. So it's getting
to that point.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. I I was just waiting for them to
get enough data, and I think that they
have enough data. So now it's been now
it's June last year,
&gt;&gt; right? And then the safety data this 0 0
you know one not our fault. Keep keep
adding that up and it becomes and we're
basically there uh undeniable at this
point. By the way, I made a mistake to
say that it was Sawyer. It was actually
the author who said that um you know who
said that he he the author actually
tested a 2026 Toyota BZ BZ and then
that's when he said it was basically
very basic lane center technology and
this is from the largest car
manufacturer. I love his his title was
dare I say Tesla is ahead. Dare I say
Tesla is ahead. It's very telling. Uh,
companies like General Motors with their
super cruise, Ford with their blue
cruise offer more advanced ADAS from te
Toyota, but still far short of FSD. I've
tested both extensively.
Rivian appears to be the company most
aggressively pursuing Tesla, but
nobody's tested it. And we're going to
talk about what Rivian CEO says. Uh, but
before that, this person, this went
viral. This person tested at called an
Uber and first time autonomous vehicle
showed up and it was AV ride. You know
Uber partners with multiple different um
AV companies. So he hopped in excitedly.
Then out of nowhere an accident happened
right in the middle of filming a video.
Apparently it was during a test run and
thankfully there was a driver there to
help. Luckily for us, both of us were
unharmed. After that when I called
another taxi, another autonomous car
showed up. He still got in. Oh man. take
a look at this uh video of of this um
let me see here. So he's driving around
and then
so there is a driver there. It is
supervised. He was picked up then that
car see that that um that car comes
plenty of time by the way. Lots of time.
Look at it.
Wow.
Accident.
&gt;&gt; And that's where we saw FSD would have
been reacting. And my car does this too
is if I'm driving down two lane highway
and there's cars coming out of a
neighborhood and they like they come up
and they start poking their nose out and
if my car will just will start start
moving around it. It'll create uh a bit
of space and it'll do it in advance.
It's like it's almost like it's ready if
the car pulls out to to react.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. In fact, the the the complaint
that we all h so many people have been
having is that it, you know, you'll hear
the you'll hear the car break and then
stabbing or breaking because it's being
overly cautious. If if you see something
just slightly move, it'll break. Now,
they smooth that out. So, you won't even
feel that anymore. But, I'd rather it
take that than this,
you know, to have that. Uh Sawyer said,
"This vehicle has five lidars, 13
cameras, four radars. It needs better
intelligence." Okay, people think LAR,
LAR, LAR saves all problems. It does
not. Uh Nitsus actually have a probe on
every ride. 16 robo taxi. Again, they
call it crashes. Maybe they're not all
crashes. So, just FYI, this is obviously
not every company is at this level of
ability, but they're working on it.
Okay. So, um you can't read too much
into what this report is, but that's the
case. Okay. Then you got uh Rivian. This
is his uh R.J. Scaring in a new
interview. Listen to what he says.
&gt;&gt; A point where the data flywheels
allowing us to start to roll out
features that are, you know, big steps
forward from where we were in the past.
Later this year, we'll have a full
supervised pointto-oint, which is which
would be very similar to like Tesla's
FSD, and that'll roll out to all of our
Gen 2 vehicles and of course R2. Then
next year, we allow it to go
unsupervised, so you can take your eyes
off the road, which is really nice. So
unsupervised, full pointto-point. And
then the next is it getting to full
capability to be able to be driven
empty, meaning no one in the car or you
not in the front seat. And that unlocks
like airport drop offs or you can pick
your kids up from school or go to the
grocery store and grab me this. And so
we've been developing that for a while
for our personal vehicles. So vehicles
that you own. But we also see it as
unlocking new business models. Robo Taxi
being one of them. And um we took the
decision to partner with Uber so we
could focus on the tech and leverage
them for their access to a big
distribution channel. So you of course
they have a huge number of users or you
know again talking about competition.
They're really a category of one.
there's no one quite uh at their scale
or at their um reach. And so we were
really excited. It said we'll be
deploying 50,000 robo taxi versions of
R2. We start that in 2028 with with like
paid, you know, regular rides. But
leading into that, we'll have vehicles
on the platform with safety drivers with
people in the in the front seat.
&gt;&gt; I want them to succeed. I love Riven. I
think their cars are awesome. I want
them to succeed. Um I don't know if I
can believe what he's saying.
Um,
yeah, here here's a point that was made
by Genma, who is somebody who actually
works for one of the legacy automakers,
their auto ADAS system, and he believes
that, look, I'm generally impressed by
Rivian and RJ. Tesla needed over 100,000
H100s running 247 inside a custom GPU
cluster using the real silicon for bit
exact inference during training years of
feedback from their over a million FSE
users to improve their models and over
10 billion supervised miles of data and
Rivian's going to do it without any of
this. They must be geniuses.
I mean that he's obviously being snarky
here but yeah it's true. It's like hard
to believe that you're going to get to
unsupervised next year when you haven't
even proven anything, but I want them to
succeed. What's your thoughts, Jeeoff?
&gt;&gt; Yeah, I mean, I would I would buy the
car that R.J. described. I I would I
would probably buy one if if that was
available. And that that was my
question. Is this like is this He says
it's going to be like Tesla's supervised
FSD. Does that mean it's like the
version 12, you know, from 2023
or I I don't know. This is what we don't
we don't know what we're we're talking
about. We don't know levels of e
efficacy. We don't have a a standard
boilerplate for um how good is this
system and how will it be measured. I
wish I wish that be part of some of the
autonomous federal regulations of like
we're going to part of it's going to be
like how do we measure these things and
their goodness because there's just it
seems like there's a lot of OEMs here
and I think it's going to be very
difficult from a regulatory perspective
here. Either the cycles are going to be
long or the data is going to be
confusing. So if they can if they can
narrow down the metrics and how things
are measured may be helpful. If I were
the interviewer, I would I would have
kind of taken like the elements of what
Gemma was saying is like how are you
doing this at at an accelerated pace
without all this investment in compute
like how are you delivering a physical
real world AI solution without it and I
think that would be interesting to
understand and and R.J. doesn't have to
sit up there and reveal all their
proprietary knowhow and what they're
doing. But it it it would have been
interesting to understand which then
makes it less
it makes it less credible if you don't
at least understand the elements of how
they think they're getting there and
getting there more quickly. So I I think
for viewers of this and just watching
all the tech out there and just trying
to understand it, be very mindful again
just like going through the whole Tesla
experience too of the kind of the
shorter YouTube clips and and just
there's the metrics the the real
verifiable way to measure and and
compare these things is a bit of a black
box and it doesn't need to be but it but
it is and there should be a way to
measure me this because this is where
again a lot of the bears confuse things
and people are talking about like levels
of of autonomy and this these SAPE level
measurements of level one two that those
are measures of automation they're not
measures of goodness like you could
certify like Mercedes did at level three
but then you narrow the scope of the
availability of the product and the
speed it can run at and the roads it
runs on well then it's not a real
product the real product is it can it
can work anywhere. I mean, that's
ultimately the real the real product.
And you can say, well, Tesla's
approving, you know, by by GEO right
now, but they they've made they've made
a global product that they need to get
regulator approval in all these
different areas, but and they're taking
it slow so to not cause an incident uh
convenience or or accident wise. But
again, there's no clarity of how they're
getting there in an accelerated fashion.
It's it's not clear, which makes it less
believable at this point. But again, if
he makes that product, I'd buy it.
&gt;&gt; Yep. It's a great car. I love Rivians.
But, you know, you need to be able to
buy a Rivian. You need to be able to
test it yourself physically test it and
test it yourself just like people have
been able to do with Tesla's FS even
from the earliest versions. So, one of
the things you have been saying, we
we've been having discussions about for
so long is there are really no other car
company in the United States that you
can buy that has a version of
self-driving. Uh so, if Riven comes out
and you can buy a Rivian and it can
actually do self-driving,
that would be wonderful. That's what we
want. Uh but you can't do that with
Whimo. You can't buy Whimo. You can't
buy Isuks. You can't. And you just
talked about how Toyota, Ford, and GM
are not really um self-driving. They are
lane assist ADAS and they're nowhere
near point-to-point self-driving. So, if
Riven gets this done, that would be
great. In China, you can buy BYD, but
we've already reported that they're
really advanced ADAS really. and the
same and then they had major issues with
major complaints because they they
really aren't there but they've got all
the cars and they've got they're fitting
them with the cameras and some cases
liar and so they're capturing the data
so they are not one to to to watch you
know just watch carefully for them but
then you can buy a a shop and you can
buy Huawei which had major problems had
had accidents killed people but still
you can buy those cars and actually have
driving in in China. Lee Auto came out
and they said they think that they have
something as well and their CEO
basically said that their mock Val is
going to be equivalent to Tesla's FSE in
the fortune 14 in the fourth quarter.
According to reports they each of these
cars have dual Mach M100 chips achieve
the computational power 260 tops
improving the imitation learning scale
by 50% reform by 5% and all that. So at
least they have their own chip. They
might have their own supercomputers. So
maybe they will catch up. But as far as
we're aware, Xiaopang is probably the
leader. Huawei, maybe Leato. These and
they're all two years behind. So for
Rivian to say we're going to be there
like this year. Okay. Where's your data?
Where's your chips? Where's your
supercomputers? That's the question.
Um,
&gt;&gt; well, I think the other thing too is
you'd want to see these companies get
regul regulatory approval
outside of like the home field
advantage. Like Tesla's getting
regulatory approval in Belgium and in
all these cities in Europe, sorry, um,
countries in Europe.
And I mean, I think people need to
understand driving in China, while it's
improved significantly, there's a huge
accident rate. I don't know how good the
reporting is, by the way, either. At the
same time, I don't know how good the
reporting is on these vehicles as well.
I'm not I'm not questioning saying it's
worse or it's nefarious or so forth, but
just keep in mind I I think the real
signal and all the noise is when a
company or can go outside of their and
get regulatory approval and it's the
real deal. And now Tesla's in multiple
continents getting approval. And I think
that they that tells you they have a
real generalized AI solution and not
something that's just cooked up for
certain locations. So, I think if you're
thinking about physical AI and
autonomous driving and in companies and
investing, what Tesla has shown with
these regulatory approvals and what
they've shown in the actual use of the
product, just go to the go to a Tesla
store today and say, I want to do a test
drive. You can't do that with anybody
else's product now. And again, some
exceptions in China, but then you can't
buy that Xpong product and run that
testing in Germany, for example, and use
it in Germany. So, it it doesn't mean
that the race is over. I think this is
something that evolves over a couple of
years. But what it says is there's a a
fairly decent gap when you look at who
is making a generalized solution that
can scale across the world.
And yeah, in many parts of the world
now, if you don't know what Tesla's FSE
is, go and you know, rent one, go and
find a friend, go and buy one, and then
you test it. Anybody can buy any Tesla.
&gt;&gt; Go to a Tesla and test drive it for
free. Yeah.
&gt;&gt; Go Yeah. Go to a Tesla sales center,
say, "Hey, I want to test it out for an
hour." And then you press FSC and you
test it yourself because you need to see
this thing to know what we're talking
about. Okay. So, it's it's pretty odd
how um we had an incredible SpaceX IPO
on Friday. All the news is on SpaceX,
but this weekend it just so happened
that all the news are robo taxi and uh
you know um FSD is starting to percolate
again. So, keep your eyes out.
&gt;&gt; I think maybe it's going to be a lot
longer this year, Herbert. FSD sells
cars now. And I think it's going to be
in a measured and meaningful way. But I
think in the second half of this year,
FSD will actually sell Teslas. And it's
not going to be, oh, I looked here and
and the BYD was this and the Tesla car
was this. It's mean, no, it's going to
be I want I want the car with with FSD.
And I think this is the the second half
of this year is when that starts and
it'll probably be quant more
quantifiable. We'll see it in FSD
subscriptions and I think we'll start
seeing it in sales data.
&gt;&gt; Yep. Uh just to be fair, it is
disappointing. Uh we're June 15th now
and uh remember the big day was June
22nd last year when Robo Taxi launched
and none of us at that point assume
thought that by June 15th, a year later
we'd we'd have you know Austin and uh
handful of cars in Dallas and and uh
Houston and and not yet widespread. So,
but but the data is proving the safety
data that we showed you that we're there
and you can see the accumulation of
cyber cabs. So, hopefully sometime this
year if not next year, but um it will
happen. Thank you so much, Jeff. That
was fun. Uh always great to have you.
Appreciate you. Check out his ex account
at the Jeff Lots. Thanks, everybody.
I've created a website that is the most
comprehensive resource for the Tesla
investor. Please check it out. Simply go
to my website at herdomm.com.