Channel:     electrified
Title:       Tesla's "Final Boss" You've Never Heard Of / Starbase, LA by the Numbers ⚡️
URL:         https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PCco71Yer-Q
Published:   2026-08-28 22:56 UTC
Fetched:     2026-08-29 00:00 UTC

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Welcome to Electrified. It's your host,
Dylan Lumis. Just an FYI, the dashboards
on dummus.com have finally all been
updated and ported over to Cursor as
mentioned. So for the robo taxi tracker
in Texas, Tesla now has 270 vehicles
registered. Again, that's not how many
are currently active on any given day,
but as you can see, so far in August,
Tesla has added an additional 89
vehicles to the fleet, all of which are
still Model Y. So, some cyber cabs
should be added here in the next few
weeks. A quick look at the Tesla semi-
tracker. We're now at 1,267
verified Tesla Semi orders. Scrolling
down to the delivery momentum section,
you can click on each of these news
items, which is where you can find
things like the Einide CEO just said
this week that about 75 of that 500
order number are expected to be
delivered this year. But the more
important news, he's saying the
remainder of that 500 order number
should be targeted by the end of next
year when initially we thought this
would go through 2028. And for the Elon
prediction tracker, now that it's
ported, I will start adding in new
predictions. And as always, if you have
something you'd like added, just tag me
on X and I'll consider getting it added.
Before I get into it for today, I just
wanted to take a step back and encourage
everybody to take a moment to
internalize the ambition and the scale
of what Elon and his teams are currently
up to. The truth is it goes so far
beyond just the daily news cycle and
stock price movements. And I think it's
unfortunate that so much of the
conversation is focused around that
because when you zoom out, what these
projects really mean to America cannot
be overstated. And I'm not just talking
about the next few years. Projects like
the Terraab and Starbase in Louisiana
are going to have huge impacts for
America as a whole for decades to come.
And as I said on X, these are projects
at a scale that quite literally no one
else on Earth has the ambition to take
on. So the risk, the difficulties, and
the scale are truly all unprecedented.
But at the end of the day, I really hope
everybody can take some time to look
past all of the short-term noise and the
drama. And not to be too in my feels
here, but really just to be grateful
that we get to watch all of these
stories unfold, because the truth is
these projects and the technology that
will come from them are going to long
outlive all of you and I watching right
now. It's very important to me that
everybody that watches understands that
they can benefit from AI, no matter
their technical expertise. And it's
true. I've turned down dozens of offers
already. But this platform right here,
Bolt.new, new, which is the sponsor of
this video, is one that I think anybody
can benefit from. You don't have to be
technical. There's no setup. All you
need is an idea and a browser. So, I run
a fantasy football league with my
friends and the lowest score every week
has to pay $20 and we do a 12 leg parlay
for the group. And you guessed it, I'm
the one that has to do all of the data
entry and the tracking. So, I wanted a
quick and easy way to get something
published all of our league members
could see without having to deal with
the DNS and all of the backend. And
that's where Bolt.new comes in. It can
take you from an idea to a working app
published with next to no friction
involved. So again, no matter your
experience level, you can work on this
platform. And of course, you have the
ability to have custom domains and you
can push your code to GitHub if you want
to work on different platforms in the
future. But to go from idea to a working
app like the one I just built, it
literally took me about 30 minutes. And
with this app, my league members will be
able to submit their picks directly and
then when those games close, the app
will automatically mark it win, lose, or
tie. And then it'll update the standings
automatically, making things hands off
for me. And I really hope you all get to
experience the awe and wonder of
literally speaking something like this
into existence on bolt. I just used my
mic and talked in plain English and got
this site that I'm loving and have
looked at 25 times yesterday alone. And
I know my league members will love it,
too. Here's my admin control panel where
I can make any manual changes if I need
to for prop bets or anything else. And
it's password protected. I could go on
for another half an hour raving about
how pleased I am with this. And I will
say after going back and forth with
tweaks, this project took me about 2
hours. But truly, the process was
incredibly simple and enjoyable on Bolt.
So truly, if you or anyone you know is a
bit overwhelmed with AI not knowing
where to start, I really believe
Bolt.new could be an easy way into this
world. So you can head to bolt.new and
try it for yourself. If you're ready to
take the next steps to build whatever
you've been putting off, you can head to
subscriptions and use my code
electrified for a free 30-day pro
account. And again, that's bolt.new. new
code electrified and you've got a full
month of pro to start building. Enjoy.
And since the Starbase Louisiana news
has now been out for a few days, I'm not
going to cover the headlines. I just
want to quickly touch on a few things
and then get into the analysis to kind
of give some context for the numbers and
what it's going to mean. But having been
deep into this all week, I decided to
break it up into sections to make it
more digestible. So with that context,
today's focus will be Starlink. But as
Elon said, Starbase Louisiana will
ultimately have over a dozen launch
towers, enabling more than 30 Starship
flights per day, making it the biggest
launch site on Earth. As Jack said,
Pakan Island is about 30 mi away from
the nearest town and 50 mi from a major
city. Any of you that have been to a
Starship launch will know how insanely
loud they are. And for comparison, Bokeh
Chica is about 5 miles from South Padre
Island and 15 miles away from
Brownsville, which is a major city,
meaning Starship launches can be
somewhat disruptive to those local
towns. So, when we think about SpaceX
ultimately doing multiple launches every
day, a location like Starbase Louisiana
removed from these local towns is a
bigger deal than one might think. And
this is really only the teaser of why
this location is so prime. And as Elon
said, it's a great location for a wide
range of azimuths. And we'll come back
to that shortly. And as Aaron Bernett
said, the first Starship flight out of
Florida is a significant signal towards
Starlink inflection and bandwidth.
SpaceX has been pretty consistent. Many
of the operational Starlink flights with
Starship will be from Florida. Gigabay
Florida and Starship launchpads are near
completion. And that was sharing Kiko
from SpaceX saying that SpaceX's mission
from pad 40 was the last planned Falcon
9 Starlink launch from Florida. From
here on, Starlink missions out of
Florida will fly on Starship. Of course,
there's much debate right now on if it's
too soon to move away from Falcon
launches. Some are comparing it to Tesla
moving away from ultrasonic sensors and
radar for parking a bit before the
visiononly system might actually have
been really ready. But as I always say,
retail like us, we have limited
information. Of course, the SpaceX
engineers know what they're going to be
ready for. But this debate is a topic
for another video. I just wanted to use
it to set up what I'm about to talk
about, which is the Starship launch
cadence and what that will mean for
Starlink. And we cannot forget that
every single Cyber Cab is going to have
a Starlink unit built in. So, we know
it's going to take years for CyberCab to
really scale to the millions, but I
think very clearly that is the future.
Right now, I think most people when they
think about the Starlink constellation
would think in terms of how many
satellites. So, operationally, let's
call it somewhere in the neighborhood of
11,000 right now. But the more important
metric in my opinion would be the
downlink capacity, which currently sits
somewhere in the neighborhood of 850
terabs per second. So if you take the
number of people currently subscribed to
Starlink, which is in the neighborhood
of 12 million, if the capacity were
hypothetically distributed evenly, that
would be about 71 megabits per second
per user. And the math simply comes from
1 TBTE per second is equivalent to 1
million megabits per second. And just
know with all of this, there will always
be caveats. So if I don't list one
specifically, just know that doesn't
mean it doesn't exist. So, the name
plate capacity for the Starlink
constellation is obviously not the same
thing as usable bandwidth per user.
That's thanks to things like weather,
gateways, back hauls, spectrum
congestion, signal interference, and so
on. But to set the stage, every Starship
launch with a Starlink V3 satellite will
be able to send on the order of 60
terabits per second. That's because
Starship will hold 60 of these V3 SATs
with each launch. And each V3 satellite
in name plate capacity is one terabit
per second down link. Meaning every
single full Starship flight with V3
satellites will deploy 60 terabs per
second down link, which is equivalent to
7% of the entire Starlink constellation
currently. We also know with the Falcon
9 launches and the V2 minis, they send
up on every launch roughly three
terabits per second, which is exactly
why SpaceX has been saying that with
Starship and the V3 SATs, each launch
will be sending roughly 20 times the
terabit capacity. And just a reminder,
SpaceX has said it will need on the
order of 1,000 of these V3 satellites in
orbit to meaningfully change the
performance and behavior of the Starlink
constellation. and they're expecting to
have that number operational sometime in
Q2 next year. And next up, we would need
the breakdown of Starship launches by
payload type. And really, all we have to
go on right now is Falcon launches. For
the past 2 years, about 75% of launches
were Starlink. The problem is SpaceX has
already said it plans to allocate a
significant amount of launch capacity to
its AI segment in the future with
Starship and Star Mind. So right now the
Starship mix is impossible to know, but
I'm going to use 50% as the share for
Starlink launches for the next 1 to 3
years. The rest of the launches would be
for NASA and DHLS, the human landing
system and related operations. Tanker
launches, which of course are a big part
of the HLS program, which are just the
launches that carry the propellant. And
for things like Starlink Mobile, which
yes, is a different satellite than V3.
And then the biggest one of all, over
time, Star Mind, aka the orbital data
centers. And of course, sometime toward
the end of this decade, a majority of
Starship launches are expected to be for
Star Mind. And looking at these numbers,
you'll quickly understand when Elon
talks about 10,000 Starship launches
every year. Starlink itself would rather
quickly run into its authorization
limitations. So, to date, SpaceX has
been authorized to fly up to 15,000
satellites under the Gen 2 approval, and
that one was granted earlier this year.
But it's important to note this Gen 2
approval is not relating to a specific
category of SpaceX hardware. So, when I
say Gen 1, Gen 2, or three, just think
of these as boxes that then SpaceX is
going to fill with different satellite
types. So, no, the Gen 2 approval does
not specifically only correlate to
something like SpaceX's V2 mini
satellites because in reality, the Gen 2
authorization and Gen 3 and beyond will
cover things like how many satellites,
which orbits, and then which radio
bands. Again, not any specific SpaceX
hardware. The Gen 1 approval was for the
original Starlink system and covered
SpaceX V1 and V1.5 satellites. The Gen 2
approval added more bands and the mobile
and direct to sell. And under this Gen 2
approval, SpaceX can fly both the V2
minis and the V3 satellites. So,
initially, SpaceX requested up to 30,000
satellites under the Gen 2 request. That
was back in 2020 and about 6 years
later. And SpaceX still does not have a
full approval. As of today, it's only
about 50% approved, which is where that
15,000 satellite approval number comes
from. And yes, this year there were two
new requests for approval from SpaceX.
One was for up to 100,000 under a Gen 3
approval. That would largely be for the
Starlink constellation, and then another
separate approval for 1 million
satellites, which is predominantly going
to be for Star Mind and of course the
orbital data centers. But those latter
two requests are still just that, only
requests. But officially, as of today,
SpaceX is only authorized for up to
around 19,000 satellites between the Gen
1 and Gen 2 approvals. The most recent
estimate has SpaceX with about 3,200
satellites still operational under Gen 1
and 7,900 operational under Gen 2. But
since SpaceX is no longer actively
launching under the Gen 1 approval, the
focus for growth from here is solely on
Gen 2, which means under the current Gen
2 cap, SpaceX only has headroom to
operate another 7,100 satellites. Again,
that number is because they currently
have 7,900 roughly operational and the
cap is currently 15,000. And sure,
SpaceX can launch more than that 15,000
because we know the lifespan of these
satellites is roughly five years. And so
they'll need to replace these birds, as
we like to call them, over time. So the
cap is for the operational
constellation, not how many satellites
can be launched. And again, because the
Gen 1 approval is a sunset situation,
meaning SpaceX is not launching those
satellites that were approved under that
grant, that means effectively there's no
headroom for growth under that Gen 1
approval. And some good news, there's
currently new part 100 rules that are
designed to move these satellite
licenses faster, and SpaceX has
officially asked for that treatment for
the Gen 3 request. But it's also true
the Gen 3 ask is more difficult in some
ways. Not just in scale, but it's also
for bigger satellites and would include
new spectrums. So with all of that
important context and those current
limitations, let's look at 100 Starship
launches a year and what that would mean
for Starlink. That would be 50 launches
given my 50% assumption for Starlink,
which would add 3,000 V3 satellites in 1
year, adding 3,000 terabits per second
in 1 year. Again, that's because every
Starship launch with V3 will have 60
satellites each, which is where you get
the 3,000 satellites, and each one is 1
TB per second. So that would be 3.5
times the entire Starlink constellation
today added in just 1 year at only 100
total Starship flights annually and
assuming only 50 of those are actual
Starlink payloads. And so from here,
this portion demonstrates how even
without any further approvals, SpaceX
still does have plenty of headroom for
V3 satellite launches under the Gen 2
approval, which by the way still has an
additional 15,000 satellites waiting to
be approved. Now, let's look at 1,000
Starship flights per year. That would be
500 Starlink flights, adding 30,000
satellites and 30,000 terabs per second
every year. That would be adding 35
times the capacity of the entire
Starlink constellation today in 1 year.
And what do you say? How about one more
for good measure? Let's look at 5,000
Starship flights per year. That would be
2500 Starlink payloads, which would add
150,000 V3 satellites and 150,000
terabits per second per year, which
would be 176 times the current Starlink
constellation capacity added in one
year. Now, of course, as you can see,
it's at this point we would run into
authorization limitations as SpaceX
hasn't even asked for 150,000 Starlink
satellites yet. And obviously this is
not how the numbers would scale. But if
we go back to that number I shared
earlier, just for context, with a
constellation capacity of 200,000
terabits per second, a linear scale from
the number we shared earlier, that 71
megabits per second per user in today's
network. That would imply 2.8 billion
Starlink kit subscribers. And any
directtoell subscriber would be in
addition or on top of that. So again,
that is not how the numbers are going to
work out. It's just to give a sense of
the scale. And of course, at some point,
launches are going to shift primarily
toward Star Mind as the Starlink
constellation hits saturation. And from
there, Starlink launches would just be
to replace the satellites de-orbiting to
maintain that operational size. But at
that type of scale, SpaceX would need on
the order of 500 Starship flights every
year just to maintain the constellation.
That would be replacement satellites
only. So, like I said, in future videos,
we'll talk more about Star Mind and all
of those numbers once we get closer and
have more tangible information. But, I
just want you to keep in mind all of the
numbers I just said are based on only
half of what Elon and Gwyn are both
saying publicly, which is 10,000
Starship launches every year at some
point in the future. And in 2025, there
were only just over 320 orbital attempts
all year. and Falcon was 165 of those.
So, if SpaceX can solve for Starship's
rapid reusability, this industry really
is at an inflection point set to take
off. And Louisiana is the perfect site
to do so. And back to what Elon said, an
azimuth is just the direction the rocket
points when it takes off. So, think
about like reading a compass. In this
case, 0° would be north, 90° would be
east, 180° is south, and 270° is west.
SpaceX can launch at roughly 190° from
Louisiana, which is almost due south,
which is ideal for a polar style orbit
and space-based data centers. But as
Elon said, Louisiana can host a wide
range of azimuths because there's a wide
body of Gulf water sitting right in
front of it. So now SpaceX will have
polar and the SSO suns synchronous
orbits and those azimuths with the water
right under it which is in contrast to
the situation in Canaveral and at Bokh
Chica. And then on the fuel front at
Bokhica the methane currently has to be
trucked and barged in which of course
adds cost. And SpaceX is currently
working on a fix with what they call
Starpipe but that's more of a retrofit
type of solution. In Louisiana, the plan
is to have on-site production, and the
Henry hub is only a few dozen miles
north. And so, this is crucial not
really just for cost reduction, but for
launch cadence, because at even 1,000
Starship flights every year, you would
need about a million tons of methane and
3.5 million tons of liquid oxygen. And
that's just not doable on a barge and/or
tanker trucking type of schedule. An
industrial-siz gas complex is required.
And that's why it will be incorporated
into the site, which is a big part of
why Starbase Louisiana and the natural
gas pipeline that already exists is such
a big deal. As Gwyn said, very few
places on Earth have the coast, empty
land, the trajectories, and the azimuths
and the gas at the rate that SpaceX
needs. And this right here is why SpaceX
being the first mover in this space is
so important because sites like Starbase
Louisiana are really not abundant. So
SpaceX has already locked down one of
the most prime locations in the states.
So not only do they have vehicles that
no other competitor can match, but now
they're also starting to lock down land
that other competitors will have a
difficult time matching. And I do like
to loosely compare it to Tesla's first
mover advantage with the supercharging
locations and like we're seeing now with
mega charger locations. So, I hope that
from this short, simple section, you can
start to understand why SpaceX's
competitive positioning for the next
five years feels so dominant that it's
almost like a no-brainer company to get
behind. Not financial advice as always,
but the more I look into this, even if
the timelines are delayed, and hint
hint, I think most of them will be, I'm
just really struggling to see a
realistic path for any of the
competition to have a chance at keeping
up. And like I said, we'll get into some
of the other segments in the weeks
ahead. If you've been following along
pretty much all year, I've been bringing
up the problem, how is Tesla going to
deal with railroad crossings, the chain
problem, the caution tape problem, all
of these linear horizontal things that
for whatever reason FSD seems to be
struggling with. And today I came across
by far the best explanation I have ever
heard at what's going on. And it was
said by Dr. Know-it-all. But the issue
is that convolutional neural networks
have to take a very very large input
space and they have to reduce that space
down. And what they do to do that is
they pull a bunch of layers. They take a
bunch of pixels and they compress them
together into one. So for example, you
might have like four pixels in here,
right? You have four like this. If you
do a 2x two pulling, that actually turns
that into one pixel. So it reduces it by
4x. That of course is the simplest
example you can do is like a 2x2 or I
guess a 2x one or something like that.
But basically, you can pull your image
in a 2x two filter and reduce it by 4x.
You can reduce it in an 8 by8 filter, a
16 x6 filter, whatever you've got. I
don't know exactly what they have, but
even with a 2x2 filter, you can reduce
the input space by a huge amount. And
that's exactly what makes the input all
of those pixels more tractable for a
neural network to actually deal with
downstream. And so, let's look at a
graphic about why a vertical line,
something like a vertical line will
survive well. There's actually other
reasons as well, but the main reason for
a still frame vertical line surviving is
if you have something like this, let's
say it takes up one column of pixels.
When you do a reduction, in other words,
you do a 2x two pooling, what you do is
you go from this many pixels here down
to this many. In other words, you've
reduced an 8x8 pixel map down to a 4x4
pixel map. But these things get
reproduced, and so they actually grow
thicker as you pull it. You actually get
a bigger signal when you pull the
signal. The problem with a horizontal
line on the other hand, and this depends
a little bit if you get unlucky and
things like that, but basically when you
do the pooling this way, what you get is
you get this row which has nothing in
it. You get this row which should have
the signal in it, but when you pull it,
it actually produces nothing. And then
of course you got nothing and nothing
like that. And the signal is now gone.
You don't have a signal anymore. And
that means that even if it's visible in
the camera, if you can clearly see it,
if it's thin enough and horizontal
enough, it will disappear. And also
those horizontal bars on the I95 that I
like I said the car tries to drive into
and also the thin chain in the parking
garage. All of those circumstances are
very similar. You've got something very
very thin. And of course this is a very
simplified example here, right? So
you're like well wait a second you could
just pool it differently. You can do
different things. And of course in the
images the chains are not precisely
horizontal but they're close enough and
you're doing much more radical pooling
in a convolutional neural network that
has a very very large camera input space
than you are with this. It's not a 2x
two pooling. It might be a 32x 32
pooling or something like that. You're
reducing that dimensionality a lot. And
it just so happens the horizontal line
just disappears. It basically is gone.
Which means that anywhere downstream, it
doesn't really matter where you are
downstream if you don't see it
initially. In other words, if you're
wearing glasses where you can't see
something, it doesn't really matter how
smart the brain is because it doesn't
have the input in order to detect that
something is going on. But of course,
there are other factors as well. The
second one is that a stereo camera, in
other words, the front camera, this
doesn't affect the backup camera so
much, but in the front of the Teslas,
there are two cameras that look forward.
One is longer range and the short, it's
actually three cameras, but anyway, you
have multiple cameras, and those cameras
will actually hit the vertical lines at
different points. In other words, you
get parallax, right? So, it's the same
thing. If you close your left eye versus
your right eye, you can actually see
something apparently shift in space.
That is the parallax of it. And so if
you have a stereo camera, when it fuses
those signals together, the two vertical
lines actually will separate out from
each other and you will get some
parallax which creates a very very
strong signal. So that's the second
reason why it's much easier to detect a
vertical line. The third issue actually
has to do with parallax as well and that
is that the camera is moving in space
and this is true for the backup camera
as well. If you think about a vertical
post, right? Something like that. As the
car is backing up, that post is moving
relative to the background again due to
parallax because the background is
further away. In other words, the end of
the parking spot or something like that.
So, it's relatively easy for the car
over time. It's like, oh, that thing's
moving around. That is a definite
signal. I am not going to pull in there.
I will stop. And thus, a car will behave
reasonably and probably stop with a thin
vertical line. Whereas a thin horizontal
line as you move the car back and forth,
yeah, it's moving, but it doesn't look
like it's moving. And if you add to that
the fact that it might be pulled out, it
might simply have disappeared as well.
It's very difficult for the car to
actually see that because a horizontal
line does not provide the parallax
effects that a vertical line does. A
chain, on the other hand, could be less
than a centimeter. It could be just a
few millimeters at one height. And with
the voxels themselves being larger than
that, being one to five to maybe even
larger than that, more centimeters, it
just falls between the voxels or it gets
averaged out as empty. And then you add
into that that there are all kinds of
horizontal lines painted on roads and
everything. And that creates a lot of
horizon type clutter. So the network has
to avoid all of those false positives.
So it's probably going to ignore it even
if it sees it because it's going to be
like, "Oh, that's just a line on the
road." So, it's very easy for it to miss
it. Even if it sees it, maybe
temporarily it shows up as a signal and
then it goes away, the car will just
ignore it. And then finally is the data
problem. Bumper height chains, tape,
garage cables, HOV bars, the things that
come down on 95. Those things are very,
very rare and they're probably not
labeled as well as the vertical things.
And what that means is that on top of
all the other problems, the network
isn't even trained on this horizontal
stuff very well at all. And to be frank,
I actually asked Grock to go out and
research it and find out if there has
been a solution that has been proposed.
And as far as either of us, either Grock
or me, can find, there is no good
solution to getting a convolutional
neural network to consistently see thin
horizontal lines. That is still an open
problem even in the research, much less
in putting it into practice. So today's
video is already a bit long, so I just
wanted to plant those seeds and I'll be
looking into this and in the future we
will revisit this hopefully with some
potential solutions. But more
importantly, hopefully when we get the
release notes for version 15, which is
going to be such an exciting day, Tesla
will give us some breadcrumbs of the new
technological stacks that they've built
into V15 that we can then break down and
dive into at that time. But for now, I
just want you all to understand what
might seem somewhat insignificant. A
little chain test by Chuck could
actually be one of Tesla's final bosses
for true unsupervised. Tesla stock
closed the day at $348.75
down 1.71%
and SpaceX closed at $141.50
up45%
all while the NDX was down.7%.
Don't forget check out boltnew for
anybody interested especially if you
know anybody that might be a little less
technical but they would still want to
go from idea to app with as little
friction as possible. I do think
bolt.new would be a great solution for
that use case. Hope you all have a
wonderful weekend and a huge thank you
to all of my Patreon supporters.