Channel:     jobhakdi
Title:       Why Tesla Will Be the BIGGEST Chip Manufacturer SOON (AI5 Coming)
URL:         https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8RoD-6J49TU
Published:   2026-04-20 19:45 UTC
Fetched:     2026-04-20 20:00 UTC

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

You know what this is? This is AI5, the
new chip by Tesla, the new inference
chip. And we have to talk about it again
because what's actually happening here
justifies to put some commentary on it
to understand what is actually going on
here in terms of crazy crazy performance
that we are seeing and what this
actually means for Robo Taxi and for all
the others. Let's take a look here. Here
here is the chip that we are talking
about.
And before we go into the technical
details and why that's so important for
Tesla, the stock, Tesla the company, and
for SpaceX and many other companies, we
will take a look at the technicalities.
Look at this. Here is the new Tesla AI5
chip. And you have to understand how
this works. So the bottom is the new AI5
chip. But this on top of here, the Tesla
AI4, this is not the chip. The chip is
actually here in the middle. Do you see
that? These little two eyes like these
squares are two AI4 chips. The
surroundings, the packaging. So, here
we're talking about RAM and all kinds of
other circuit board stuff that will also
surround AI5. But AI5 has the RAM built
next to the chip into the chip and that
is very important. And I will get to
this in a second because we have to talk
performance to give you guys not a geeky
insight into semiconductor design here.
But a big picture insight how big of a
deal and improvement this actually is.
So this chip down here AI5 right? Can I
here? You see this? Am I moving this?
This AR5 chip actually goes here where
these two squares are.
Uh so this chip, this one here is the
chip that will go on a new board that
looks differently and will replace on
this new board this thing here.
It will be two of these new ones and
replacing this one and this one. So you
just understand how this works. And
let's look at the specs and why this is
so decisive and gives us a great insight
into the fundamental leaps that Tesla is
doing here and why Tesla is now becoming
one of the largest, if not the largest
chip manufacturers in the world.
So here, let's look at this. Here are
the facts. Let's look at compute power.
I wrote this up after some research.
Compute power. Okay. How does compute
power improve? A single AI5 delivers
five times the useful compute of the
current dual
uh AI4 setup used in Teslas.
Raw computers often site as 8x to 10x
higher than a single AI4 chip or the
dual setup in effective terms for Tesla
workloads. By the way, if a single AI5
chip delivers five times useful compute
and we have a dual AI4 chip on the
others and we have a dual AI5 chip on
the new ones, that does not mean we are
10 times as powerful because normally
they are used redundantly. Okay? So if
you have two of these chips and each one
is five times together, they're also
five times because they're not used
together. They are basically doubling
whatever they do. So if one fails, we
have the other one still running.
especially important in cars. Okay, so
we have five times for raw compute,
eight to 10 times higher overall real
world inference performance for FSD
Optimus can reach up to 40 times better
in some metrics due to architectural
improvements, better memory handling,
and we get to this in a second.
Optimized transformers, removal of
legacy GPU ISP blocks. Let's look at the
memory. This is also mind-boggling. The
RAM and the memory on the current AR4
computer has 16 GB of RAM. 16 GB. So
that's like your computer probably. AI5
is expected to offer nine times more
memory, potentially up to 144 GB.
Through final figures might vary due to
cost and supply. Some leaks suggest 96.
Memory bandwidth is five times higher
than AR4. This is enormous. So bandwidth
means how quickly the GPU can access the
RAM, right? What is the the what is the
actual bandwidth? the throughput, how
much data per second can you push
through this thing or per millisecond,
whatever it is. So, this is pretty
impressive. Nine times the memory, but
at five times faster rate throughput.
Crazy, crazy, crazy, crazy. So, that's a
10x up here. Five, five times faster,
but then nine times more memory with
five times higher throughput. This is
all very, very impressive. And when you
look at Nvidia as a benchmark for Tesla
specific workloads comparable, this is
very important. This does not mean that
this chip is actually
completely superior or equal to an H100
or a B200 or whatever because Nvidia
chips are extremely powerful. They're
very hard to beat and no one can beat
them in their own field. But the trick
here is that Tesla is focusing solely on
inference, not on training. whereas
Nvidia has to deliver the entire thing
which is an enormously more complex
mission and no one can beat Nvidia in
that and so for me it was very very
important to hear that Tesla doesn't
intend to beat Nvidia because that would
be very stupid and futile and Tesla
would fail. But Tesla says we don't want
to beat Nvidia in their own game. We
want to win in our game. We want to
develop a chip that is vastly cheaper,
vastly cheaper than an Nvidia chip, but
at the same time performs at the same
level or higher than an Nvidia chip for
what we actually want to do with it. We
want to do inference compute in space
and we want to do inference compute in
Optimus and maybe inference compute in
robo taxi even though that's not even
necessary. We can do this with AI4
completely sufficiently. Elon had made
this very clear. But here it is for
Tesla specific workloads comparable to
an Nvidia H100
or approaching Blackwell dual, right?
Dual uh at far lower cost per power. By
the way, by the way, when I say the AI5
delivers five times the useful compute
to the current dual AI4 setup, that does
not mean and I mentioned the redundancy.
That is not true for AI compute in
space, right? for actual data centers
that is actually very powerful because
you don't need the redundancy but in
cars maybe in robots you need the
redundancy so basically what we are
dealing with here is effectively from an
Elon and from a business perspective
that Tesla has invented its own chip now
that is the equivalent of a blackwell
chip let that sink in the equivalent of
a blackwell chip for what Tesla actually
wants to do so effectively it replaces a
blackwell chip because otherwise they
would have to buy one for every single
AR5 chip. Now they don't have to do this
anymore. The cost advantage will be
dramatic both in terms of these chips
actually being just cheaper in
production than Blackwell plus you don't
have to pay a 70% margin. I would
estimate this chip is at least five
times cheaper in cogs plus saves you 70%
margin on that five times higher cost of
Blackwell. So I can't even do the math
anymore. This is like a tremendous This
is like a 10 15 times cost saving
which is crazy. It's basically you're
dropping the compute costs by 95% when
you do the math on on that 95% or more.
Why is this so important? Because Tesla
intends
to become by far not even close the
largest chip manufacturer on earth or
now on earth soon on the moon but this
will take another 10 years. So on Earth
because they have to equip tens of
millions of Optimus robots probably at
some point robo taxis even though that
will be probably a slightly different
chip or a different variant of the AI5
chip with probably less memory. The robo
taxi doesn't need that big of a chip
honestly, but they will probably have a
variant of that with less RAM RAM.
And they need space compute, space
satellites, AI satellites, the biggest
business model ever invented, infinite,
infinite economics, immediately infinite
economics for infinite compute in space.
We are talking about pentillions of
dollars that will be made in space very
soon. By the way, this will not take
long. And you know that I'm the most
bullish person on Earth when it comes to
space AI because most people other than
Elon did not fully understand what is
happening. Infinite compute needs with
the rise of AGI that we witness as we
speak. Complete bottlenecked completely
bottlenecked on Earth both on chip
production and on energy production.
Both bottlenecks being removed in space
now by SpaceX and by Tesla through
SpaceX and Starship becoming
commercially viable now. $200 per
kilogram to orbit costs and lower
probably by 2027 next year unlocks
infinite buildout in space. Everything
will go to space immediately. You will
need extreme amounts of these chips. And
forget Terraab for now. Terapab is
coming in the future. But this chip AI5
when you look at the performance when
you look at what this thing can do this
will be the backbone for 2027 and 28
maybe into 2029 but then AI6 comes along
but I would say for 27 and 28 the first
gigawatt built out in space will be
running on AI5 that is what I think I
think this chip will be mass- prodduced
in absolute crazy scale to power this
space compute much more than Optimus by
the way because Optimus will a little
lagging compared to space compute. So
very exciting stuff. Everything just
happens just in time. And you see Elon's
commentary, maybe it's in here in these
comments that he actually talks about
space and he talks about Optimus, not
Robo Taxi, where this will be deployed.
I don't have it here. I have to click
here.
And uh this is super exciting. It is
just in time that Elon got around with
this thing. And when you when you
actually read Elon's commentary on this,
read Elon's commentary on AI5, you will
hear between the lines exactly what's
going on. Terra Fab AI, by the way, he
said when he worked on this,
that in January he said AI5 is his
number one priority at Tesla. Let that
sink in. Not Optimus, not Robo Taxi
because Roboaxi is done more or less.
His number one job is AI5 chip design in
January. And now they completed it. It
is April. Why does Elon say that?
Because Elon understands here you see
this. This is Star Elon that this is
coming. Elon knows the timeline. Elon
knows that Starship is coming next year
very likely. And at the millisecond
where Starship works and brings down
that two orbit transportation costs, you
will have infinite demand for these
chips. And so it is absolutely crucial
that AI5 goes into production now. So it
is ready mid of 2027 latest ideally in
the Q1 2027 at scale and that's a little
tight let's see but let's say mid of
2027 this starts and what people do not
understand what people are completely
wrong completely not getting what's
going on Sam Alman I mean he probably
knows what's going on but he's
gaslighting us but build out in space is
easy once Starship works commercially if
Starship works commercially in 2027, we
will build gigawatts and gigawatts into
space before 2030. Mark my words,
gigawatts of that stuff because it's
economics. It's just better. And the
idea that we don't know how to build
satellites, the idea that we don't know
how to build radiators into satellites
to radiate out the heat, which is Yensen
Wang's theory, this is ridiculous. Elon
already solved the problem. Even I could
solve the problem and I'm not that
smart. I could solve you the radiator
problem. This is not very hard. This is
all happening in AI5. You have to
understand energy is not a problem
anymore. We have infinite solar in
space. We have infinite five times the
solar efficiency for a solar panel.
Every solar panel in in space becomes
five times more available than on Earth
because it has five times the energy
generation per 24 hours than on Earth.
Energy boom abundance in space and it's
free and solar panels work and you have
all that energy coming in. So the entire
bottleneck of the insane AGI
transformation of humanity now boils
down to a single point and that is the
chip. It is the chip and the chip only
and the singular chip that will solve
that bottleneck for the next 36 months
is called Ai5.
That is the magic of this chip and that
is why Elon is so obsessed with this
chip and why he said he needs to be on
it. So that is what we have to
understand and then Grock will be one of
the main use cases of course but there
you have the timeline then that is why
this is so important and that is why I'm
very excited and you can read between
the lines that this is exactly Elon's
plan the chip manufacturing will become
an absolute
super power and super source of margin
for Tesla and it will not wait until
Terrafab it will happen next year at
scale at enormous scale very exciting I
hope that was interesting Tune in
tomorrow. We have a lot of interesting
things going on this week and I hope to
see you very soon.