Channel:     futureaza
Title:       Starlink Targets Massive Global Internet Expansion
URL:         https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=N50SYR0R9aA
Published:   2026-09-05 12:00 UTC
Fetched:     2026-09-05 13:00 UTC

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

I think SpaceX is is sitting on two
massive businesses right now, Starlink
and the AI compute. And then what they
said, shout out to the Aaron Burnett
Mach 33 guys, because he put me on to
this tidbit, which Gwen said on the
conference call, which was about
basically to compete with AT&amp;T and
Verizon, they're going to build out this
whole new type of they have a whole new
scheme of infrastructure to how to build
that out and you know, become the
largest internet provider with mobile.
They're going to do mobile and
broadband. So, um I don't know.
Basically, SpaceX in the past year or
two has gone from saying Starlink is
like a toy for when you're out hiking
and need service and or in a weird place
without internet to no, this is actually
the entire backbone of the new internet.
&gt;&gt; SpaceX is a pretty exciting company
involved in a whole bunch of different
industries, whether it's payload
delivery, Starlink communication or
[music] data processing. Heck, they've
even got a social media wing. That's
pretty exciting stuff. But how big is
the addressable market and can we even
know how big the addressable market
[music] is at this point or are we just
making wild guesses? I'm joined today by
Gali from HyperChange the legend himself
[music]
in the house. Very cool. Uh you know, we
are neighbors practically in the
Northwest, [music]
but I don't think I've ever seen you in
the Northwest. I think we only hang out
at like
X takeovers and shareholder events. It's
kind of weird now that I think about it.
&gt;&gt; [laughter]
&gt;&gt; Anyway, I'm Brian. Welcome to Future of
Awesome.
&gt;&gt; [singing and music]
&gt;&gt; So, for those who do not know, Gali has
of course his channel. Very good stuff
over there. Um lot of videos. What do
you got? 1,200 videos and uh you can
also follow him on X where he's very
active uh quite uh active kind of all
the time. A lot of good stuff there. Uh
appreciate you sharing your valuable
time. I'm talking about SpaceX,
&gt;&gt; up. Yeah, I'm talking about SpaceX. Now,
rockets have space has always been my
jam. I've always loved it. I've always
followed it. And when I'm having a bad
day, I rewatch the Falcon Heavy test
flight because that was because it
inspires. If that doesn't inspire you,
well, I don't know, man. You might be
dead inside. Nothing personal, but get
that checked.
So, let's start with the easy one,
launch. When Falcon Heavy came out, uh
it took a long time for companies to
recognize that this capacity existed and
built for it. We expected to see a lot
more Falcon Heavy launches,
but there's just not a lot of demand for
a small but heavy payload. Uh Falcon 9
is very capable. It could do a lot of
the things that needed to be done.
Pretty rare to need something as big as
a Falcon Heavy.
Now that we've got Starship, which may
be certified this month, would have been
certified 2 years ago if it was
expendable. The only reason it's not
certified is because the goals are so
ambitious.
We're already seeing companies
developing space stations and giant
telescopes and other things outside of
their own use, which is a fantastic way
to keep your volume high and your costs
low. How big is the addressable market
for giant stuff to orbit?
&gt;&gt; Big. I think huge, but that's honestly
not even the bigger market. The bigger
market is what does that stuff you
launch to orbit do? It's not even
getting paid to launch, it's getting
paid um after you launch once it does
stuff in space. And at first, that was,
you know, Starlink was the first example
of something where SpaceX was able to
essentially generate, you know, earthly
revenues from its space-based
technologies. Um and it wasn't just
launching stuff into space, it's
actually providing internet on Earth.
And then a year ago, uh Elon figured out
that, "Hey, the next thing we can launch
to make money on Earth is AI satellites.
And I think that was the catalyst for
the IPO, for the new capital, and is
really going to be the biggest use case
for Star Starship. And you mentioned the
Pacific Northwest, to tie it back into
that, about a year ago, maybe 10 months
ago, I met a company called Starcloud,
before SpaceX IPO'd, before they even
talked about IPO'ing. And I made a video
about them, and Philip, the CEO and
founder, very cool guy, he totally
changed my trajectory of thinking about
space. Because he was like, we are going
to be the biggest company in the world,
we're going to build a thing around the
sun and capture all the energy and turn
it into AI, Matryoshka brain. We're
going to be the biggest customer for
SpaceX launches. We're going to buy
every single launch that Elon will sell
us on Starship. We're going to buy every
single chip that Jensen Huang can make
in Nvidia, because we are going to be
the biggest business in the history of
the planet. And it's going to be AI
satellites. And I was like, what? That
is insane. Next thing you know, Elon
hears hears about this, same night
Starlink. It's like, okay.
Once you own the launch capacity, you
can see who's going to order all of your
launches, and then realize like, wait,
maybe we could actually do this. So,
that's why SpaceX is such a valuable
platform, because they have a monopoly
on launching things to space that is
only going to get bigger with Starship.
And with that monopoly, they can
monetize the any business in space. And
we're at this point of technology where
space businesses are becoming
increasingly valuable. Starlink is, you
know, a game-changer. That's already
producing insane amounts of cash flow. I
think that validates that SpaceX can do
that. And now the next wave that's even
bigger,
and won't be the last one, is AI
satellites. So, yeah, it's
big time. So, I think the what's That's
what's funny about SpaceX, is the launch
business is the tiniest part of their
business, but it's also the most
valuable in a way, because it's what
enables everything else.
&gt;&gt; No one thinks the foundation of the
house is sexy, but I would argue it's
fairly important. It's just like uh
just like with Starlink. If I had tried
to elevator pitch you Starlink, you
would have laughed me out. First of all,
I'm going to need billions. Uh it needs
to All we need is to launch more
satellites than have ever been launched
in all of human history combined.
They're going to be in a degrading
orbit, so they only last 5 years before
they burn up. So, we got to constantly
replenish them. And we're going to do it
on rockets that we reuse 20, 30, 40
times.
You in? No, I'm not in. And what are we
going to sell for like thousands? No,
we'll do 100 bucks. What? What are you
talking about? You're mental. And if it
was anyone else, it wouldn't have worked
because if you have to buy the launch
services and reusable rockets don't
work, you're already done. It's already
over.
Uh so, this has
by the And the byproduct of that is
we've got this robust business of
launching constantly. The other day,
they launched two rockets in 38 minutes
uh from the two coasts.
If they weren't doing that, your cost to
launch your payload would be higher
because it's something we do sometimes.
And you can see what those kinds of
companies charge. They have to charge
more. They don't have the economies of
scale. So, even just starting with V3
Starlink,
let's talk about that.
Starlink already has uh what? 12, 13
million subscribers.
And I had a chance to interview some
guys at Electric Era Chargers uh down in
the SODO area. Former uh SpaceX guys run
that place. They built it. They make uh
B2B fast chargers, public chargers. They
are able to answer some questions about
SpaceX and they're gracious enough to do
so. I asked them, "Just with Falcon,
could SpaceX
beat
the two big Chinese ISPs to become the
largest ISP in the world? 100 uh 330-ish
million subscribers is what you'd need
to take the crown.
And they said, "Well,
uh
SpaceX gets kind of the whole world
except China, and those ISPs get just
part of China.
Um if you cut the bandwidth a little bit
and keep launching at a brisk pace, yes,
with just Falcon 9, you could
theoretically get to 300 million or
more."
&gt;&gt; Wow.
&gt;&gt; And I said, "What about V3?" And they
said, "None of us worked on V3. We were
gone by then. We have no idea. But
Elon's saying 10x, so yes. And that's
before we knew it was 10x plus the
EchoStar spectrum, which is another 10x.
So, that means not only could you have
half the world's population online,
you could do so with substantial speeds.
How big
is Starlink going to get?
&gt;&gt; I mean, the biggest opponent to Starlink
at this point is like government
shutting it down or like [laughter]
saying
Cuz Elon, I was just listening to the
SpaceX talk, and he was saying it could
be 90% of all internet traffic.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; Like there So, you know, and the first
time I heard about Starlink, I thought
it was just you know, it always seemed
like it was being downplayed in terms of
potential.
Um and I think that's cuz it's so
disruptive. And now they're kind of
finally on this earnings call letting
the cat out of the bag on the last
earnings call mean like, "No, like
you know, we're going to build 10 I
mean, the V3s basically, like you said,
12 to 13 million subscribers, 5 billion
a quarter in revenue, like 50% or more
of that is just already profit and cash
flow. And for lack of better word,
that's with their crappy satellites that
were designed a decade ago. The V, you
know, this is the V3 are like 10 times
more capable. They've learned all this
stuff and not a single one of those is
in operation. They just did the Starship
flight and launched 20 and it worked.
They're showing they can launch them and
put them in orbit. And now just starting
now, they're going to start, you know,
putting them up and building this the
expanding network of those. So, Starlink
is already like
like it's it's already this incredible
business that's huge and it's it's I'm
trying to think of like an analogy. It's
like if your electric car had 30 miles
of range.
&gt;&gt; Mhm.
&gt;&gt; It was already like a profitable
business that's crushing it. And then
they're going to come out with the
300-mile range car for even cheaper.
It's like how much bigger is the TAM?
So,
um I think SpaceX is is sitting on two
massive businesses right now, Starlink
and the AI uh
uh compute. And then what they said uh
shout out to the Aaron Burnett Mach 33
guys because he put me on to this tidbit
which Gwynne said on the conference call
which is about the little towers that
they're building.
Um so, basically to compete with AT&amp;T
and Verizon, they're going to build out
this whole new type but they have a
whole new scheme of infrastructure to
how to build that out and, you know,
become the largest internet provider.
With mobile, they're going to do mobile
and broadband. So, I don't know.
Basically, SpaceX in the past year or
two has gone from saying Starlink is
like a toy for when you're out hiking
and need service and or in a weird place
without internet to no, this is actually
the entire backbone of the new internet.
And so, uh I mean, the value of that is
priceless. And there's even like
Starshield the government program
they're not even really talking about
but that's a whole thing that's like I
mean, almost priceless to have the most
valuable military technology on
communications technology on Earth and
space lasers. Who knows about that? So,
Starlink I think is, you know, you
probably Do you use Starlink right now?
&gt;&gt; Not anymore. I had it until fiber came
down my street.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, okay. So, I don't have Starlink
either. But I think if we wait three to
four years, our cell phones are going to
all be on Starlink. And so, you think
about like we're not paying Starlink
yet, but we're going to be. So, I think
Starlink is so um it's in this
interesting moment because it's
validated that not only does the
technology work, but that it's extremely
profitable and and it can be done. Um
and now it's just about, you know,
getting way way better. So, I think
Starlink is
it's huge. You know, every time we think
it's going to be big, they somehow pull
a cat out of the bag and it's going to
be even bigger.
And
I don't know how they can get bigger
than 90% of all internet traffic is
their goal. I don't know what's going to
be a bigger goal than that, but
&gt;&gt; Well, I do. The internet itself will get
bigger because right now, if you go out
and buy a really nice 4K TV and bring it
home, it doesn't look great cuz they
compress the heck out of it until it's
just garbage. So, give me a higher bit
rate on the things that I actually
watch. Even Netflix, I mean, we finally
canceled Netflix because enough is
enough. The price keeps going up and the
quality keeps going down. And the sound
was terrible. Uh but like we would look
at the TV and go, I can see how bad the
bit rate is. What am I paying for?
&gt;&gt; It's 2026. Like we should be watching
the Seahawks in HD, like
&gt;&gt; Right, in actual HD. Oh, for crying out
loud. Um we tried to watch a
a a big sporting event once and we paid
special just for it and it was a
disaster. It was so badly done, I
couldn't believe it. And uh I was like,
nah, I'm out. I'm out. So, all there are
two more the two big businesses we
haven't really touched on, uh
mobile.
You're going to have satellites over the
entire world capable of direct-to-cell
communication with tremendous
throughput.
That's a big market.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. And I keep thinking that's some
sort of huge contract that's going to
get announced. Either SpaceX builds a
phone,
I mean, there was even the rumor of them
buying T-Mobile. Um I think them
building a new phone would be so that's
what I personally want is the Star phone
because get rid of the doom scrolling,
get rid of all these apps sucking me in,
like just let me communicate with my
friends and family and maybe post a
tweet or two now and then um and take
pictures and have maps um and then I
don't know, I think they could they
could totally dominate Apple with that.
Or they'll partner with Apple {slash}
Verizon and get a $20 billion
check that's all profit. So, I think
there's, you know, uh what even what we
was we was saying about Tesla in the
previous conversation, like the the
intrinsic value of the technology is far
ahead of the financials. And if you're
looking at the financials, you're going
to miss that intrinsic value. Um and
they're they're putting, you know, the
EchoStar deal. They're building these
new I think they have mobile V2
satellites.
And then the other ones are V3, so it's
a little confusing cuz they have like
two separate types of satellites being
developed in parallel. But this mobile
one
and it's a huge deal, I think, because
I mean, I don't know, it's also kind of
interesting to me cuz I'm like, I guess
Verizon works pretty well. Like, do we
really need a better one? But but
there's also dead spots and not. Um so
that would be like my bear case is like
how but I but I think I'm not going to
&gt;&gt; [laughter]
&gt;&gt; I'm not resting on that. Yeah, I think
the Starlink I think there's going to be
a a very large contract in the works.
It's either they're launching a phone or
they're going to partner with one of
these phone companies and have a huge
contract that could essentially, you
know, double their business from what it
is today. AI is growing so fast, yeah.
&gt;&gt; Especially in countries where the cell
infrastructure's not as well developed.
There are a lot of countries like that.
Um
so the last big component before I don't
think we need to discuss space-based
compute. If the numbers work on the
spreadsheet, they'll do it. And if they
don't, they won't.
But the terrestrial leasing of compute
is, correct me if I'm wrong, generating
a little bit of revenue already.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. No massive revenue. Um and it Elon
is saying on the on the company talk
this September it'll be the biggest
it'll be bigger than all of other
SpaceX's businesses. But I would push
back on, you know, not talking about the
orbital compute because I kind of look
at it as like the same business. It's
just like Tesla is the electric car and
then they're going to innovate with the
self-driving car. It's the next arc of
that business. And so we know Elon is so
forward-thinking out there. It's like
we're going to build all these data
centers, rent out AI compute, but
eventually Earth's going to get too
crowded. We already have the solution
and layer two of that, which is the
space-based compute. So I kind of
package that into one very exciting
division that SpaceX has that in the
near term is a game-changer. But on the
flip side it's like anything that comes
that quick can go that quick. We have
two customers, Google and Anthropic,
that are also the head-on competitors of
of SpaceX. How happy are they to be
subsidizing Elon Musk Grok, especially
with how good Grok is getting?
I don't know. If I was Anthropic, I'd be
like looking at the boardroom like,
"Dude, can we pay anyone else but Elon
to do this because we're literally
paying for his data center that he's
going to use to crush us?" Like not a
good move. So
&gt;&gt; I mean that's what that's what GM and
Honda did with Tesla's factories. Is
they paid they paid to build them.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. And well so so maybe Elon is just,
you know, he really is 10 steps ahead.
But um I don't know. It's it's taken a
twist that I would have never expected,
to be honest. Like I would have never
expected SpaceX to become
the largest renter of AI compute. Like
that just seems so random. So we've had
this very interesting turn of events
where SpaceX has gone from the space
company to the AI company. And AI just
happens to be in space. So it's that
that's a huge turn. But um so I'm being
a little cautious on it because I I feel
like it could go away quickly. Maybe the
margins are thin, but um I'm also more
excited about Grok and Cursor in the
long run. Like not just the hardware of
the servers and the chips, but the
software layer is what Elon's saying he
wants to dominate as well. And I think
eventually, if he can have the hardware
layer and the software layer, then
that's kind of the aces up the sleeve to
really dominate the AI software, you
know, basically this whole I say it's
software because I'm not talking about
robotics in the real world, like the
digital AI revolution. So it's huge.
It's huge. I think people really are not
understanding SpaceX. Like all my
financial friends are like not buying
the stock cuz they think it's too highly
valued on a price sales basis, which I
think on any historical precedent would
be right, but
we're in hyperchange, Brian. Things are
we're in hyperchange. Like things are
changing faster than ever.
Technology is accelerating. Like
in 6 months from now, this business is
going to triple, more than triple. We're
at a 31 billion run rate at the end of
Q2. By the end of December, it's going
to be over 100 billion. Tripling in 6
months at a hunt that scale. And that's
just that. So So if you're
forward-looking at all, I think, you
know, I'm never financial advice. I
never give financial advice, but I'm
like So and I was an early investor in
SpaceX. I got into for some private
shares. So full disclosure, I'm a biased
shareholder, but like I'm doing
everything I can to like hold on. Like
it's not like I'm like cashing out like
this is the top, that it's overvalued,
blah blah blah. It's like no, I'm like
how can I hold on to like every single
share that I have because this is we are
so so early in this game.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. So that's uh the the crazy thing
is I think you and I are both of the
belief, we're in agreement that right
now it's kind of hard to know how large
the total addressable market could be
because if you were to measure it in
today's terms, it wouldn't capture
everything. The market is going to
expand because of these things.
Payload launch services will expand
because you can launch bigger, better,
cheaper payloads. And the same is true
of satellite. The internet is going to
be more affordable than ever in a lot of
places. And
SpaceX has found ways to make it
affordable. In Nigeria, you can't send
more than $25 a month overseas. Starlink
had the subscription cost to 25.
These are
workarounds that enable
millions of more subscribers to have
access to the sum of human information.
Those weren't potential customers
before. They really weren't. And now
they are. So,
I think it'll be interesting to see 5
years out, 10 years out, how this has
changed the world.
And I'm excited for it. I thank you for
coming on because your
enthusiasm is infectious and I just love
the so much. Guys, check out HyperChange
if you haven't done so recently. And if
you haven't done so ever, what are you
talking about? Come on, man. Get on
board.
What did we miss? What did we
misunderstand? Leave it in them comments
below. Everyone else, like, subscribe,
do what you do, and stay tuned, stay
juicy, and I can't wait to hear from you
clever robots when I get back from
Kathmandu.
&gt;&gt; Thanks for having me, Brian.