Channel:     cernbasher
Title:       Elon Musk’s Making the Bet of His Lifetime.
URL:         https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QbsHkmrO-6c
Published:   2026-04-26 11:42 UTC
Fetched:     2026-04-26 17:00 UTC

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

SpaceX and Tesla will compete with each
other to be the most valuable company in
the world in the next 10 years. This car
will be the largest volume car produced
potentially in the world. We don't build
a damn thing on Mars or the moon without
Optimus. They are going to be extremely
successful with this vehicle and they
are going to make Tesla shareholders a
lot of money. Starlink will probably be
the most subscribers of any service on
the planet. SpaceX to literally dominate
be a worldwide cellular carrier. Tesla's
taken a harder, more difficult,
longerterm path, but I think it might
solidify them in a way that these other
companies could only dream of. This is
the operating system of civilization.
Open AI is just going to end up like
Netscape. What companies are positioning
themselves to be the operating system of
Earth?
Hey, Phil.
&gt;&gt; Hello, CERN.
&gt;&gt; It's another edition of Two Guys, Two
Weeks, Two Hours.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Yeah.
&gt;&gt; Time flies.
&gt;&gt; I know. Nothing. And just like last
time, nothing happened in between those
two weeks.
&gt;&gt; Nothing happened. Although, here's
here's one thing that happened. Let me
let me show you this. I got a couple
videos.
&gt;&gt; Awesome.
&gt;&gt; I was out uh driving my Cybert truck and
uh there's all kinds of curious
creatures out there who want to take a
peek inside.
&gt;&gt; Mhm. Uh this is actually at a safari
park uh close to San Antonio called
Natural Bridge. Um and this is a an
antelope from India.
&gt;&gt; Oh my gosh.
&gt;&gt; And probably enjoying the smell perhaps
of the vegan leather maybe in the in the
Cyber Truck. I'm not sure.
Um but even even more fun than that was
um I got to drive up and feed a giraffe.
&gt;&gt; What did you give him? Looks like a
hamburger.
&gt;&gt; Uh it's some little pellets that they
give you. you can buy the bag of of feed
and you can go along and and feed some
of the animals. And I was actually kind
of shocked when this giraffe was waiting
for me to appear.
&gt;&gt; Oh my god.
&gt;&gt; Um,
&gt;&gt; don't try that with the lions, but
&gt;&gt; yeah, you know, I've always wanted to
feed a giraffe. I've been to Africa and
I've been to zoos and never had an
opportunity to. And I got to tell you,
this was pretty cool.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. I wonder what these I wonder what
these creatures are thinking of us crazy
humans.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Well, I think I think he uh him
and a lot of animals seem to enjoy
looking at the Cybert truck.
&gt;&gt; Something about it I think that is
striking and maybe it's because they
think it's like a you know not a
dumpster on wheels but maybe a food
source on wheels.
&gt;&gt; Yeah,
&gt;&gt; at least they're hopeful. So anyway,
that that was kind of fun.
&gt;&gt; Yeah,
&gt;&gt; that is funny.
&gt;&gt; But I thought in honor of something that
happened uh at Tesla recently that I
would dress us up a little bit for the
show. Okay, here we go.
&gt;&gt; So, here we are wearing our golden
suits.
&gt;&gt; Nice.
&gt;&gt; For the the start of production for
Cyber Cap.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; And uh the car is a little bit shinier,
a little bit more golden than it was
before. Gone is the matte finish.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; And a lot of people don't realize that
this is not paint.
&gt;&gt; Right. Right.
&gt;&gt; Um and I thought maybe we would start
here with with your thoughts on it. Um,
&gt;&gt; and perhaps per perhaps as you're
talking through some of this, I'll I'll
just share some other images of of the
cyber cab. I think it's incredible. I
mean, you know, this is this is a
vehicle for the first time and this will
be, you know, first time at scale. It's
important to mention what we're talking
about here. Is it purpose-built for
autonomy? It's a robot for God's sakes.
I mean, I I I know we all get that. I
know every single person here listening
gets that. But when we step back and we
think about this product, I mean this
robot running around our streets at
scale, you know, like we'll see many a
minute in cities. We'll see, you know,
we we'll make we'll see perhaps a dozen
at a single intersection.
&gt;&gt; I mean, it's incredible. It's it's
absolutely incredible. and and a best
analog I could come up with as a company
that tried was Apple because I think you
know I'm not talking about the specialty
vehicles built here. I'm talking about
mass uh you know mass production style
vehicles.
Um, by the way, it's it looks stunning
and I think it will be one of the one of
its virtues will be that it'll be very
appealing and people will absolutely
want to ride in it and be seen in it.
Uh, you know, before it becomes
commonplace, people will think it's uh,
you know, as gold as our suits.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, it's it's pretty striking. I mean,
look at it next to this row of uh, I
think either dark blue or or black uh,
Model Y's. Yeah, it look like Yeah, it
could be black actually.
&gt;&gt; Probably black, I think. Yeah, but it's
pretty striking.
&gt;&gt; It is. I mean, first off, you notice
it's smaller,
&gt;&gt; which is awesome. That's how it gets its
um 5 a half miles per kilowatt hour. Um
&gt;&gt; did I do that wrong? Yeah, I did that
wrong. Um but, uh gets its great
efficiency. I forget the number, but
yeah, I mean it's small. It's built to
be built to be efficient.
uh built to carry two people, which is
whatever 90% of all the riders.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; Um and we're going to see them
everywhere. I mean, I think the the you
know, this is a it's a product where the
factory was built alongside the product
and it's the first I mean, it's it's a
bunch of first. The first robot at
scale, first car that I think will be
100% built robotically, no human hand in
the loop. uh I'm not exactly sure of
that but I think that's uh close to sure
certainly at the rate uh it you know
robotic it's almost it's almost required
to be built by robot and I was thinking
you know in that post I said I compared
it against Apple's project titan and uh
well Apple was not trying to build
a ride share vehicle uh they were trying
to build a vehicle without controls a
robot
Um the rumors were that the seats faced
each other and and so forth. Um and the
project after you know a lot of money
and a lot of restarts I think the
project went on for five years. Um no
more more than five years. Sorry. Uh I
think it started in 2016
or so ended
&gt;&gt; 2014 is what you had written in the
article. Yeah.
&gt;&gt; Is that what is that what I wrote? Okay.
&gt;&gt; Yep.
&gt;&gt; 2014 start and then it finished in 2024.
So it's a decade long project.
&gt;&gt; Mhm.
&gt;&gt; $10 billion. Although I don't you know
in today's money I'm not sure that's too
much but uh and you know Apple could
never
it could do the design.
Um I think it had two major problems. It
couldn't find a manufacturer.
&gt;&gt; Mhm.
&gt;&gt; That you know it Apple doesn't really
have direct manufacturing experience.
uh along the way they had an opportunity
to buy Tesla, but you know, they decided
not to do that.
&gt;&gt; Imagine how things would be different if
if if they did.
&gt;&gt; Perhaps not in a good way.
&gt;&gt; They probably have a different CEO.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; Last time last time Apple bought a
company, they ended up with a different
CEO. So,
&gt;&gt; um yeah, maybe that's the reason that
Tim Cook didn't take that call.
&gt;&gt; Maybe. Um, but uh, you know, they they
made a go at it. They couldn't they
couldn't manufacture. They couldn't
build the software to to to go full
autonomous. And it's amazing, isn't it,
when you think of all the pieces that
have to come together for this vehicle
to work. Not only do you have to design
it, not only do you have to build it
um, efficiently at scale, cost-
effectively. You also need the software
part to work, which
&gt;&gt; uh, frankly is something Tesla's still
working on and refining a great deal.
Obviously, they're well on their way and
the vehicle is up. You know, they have
robo taxis operating unsupervised today.
&gt;&gt; Um not not the cyber cab yet, but
hopefully soon.
&gt;&gt; Yeah,
&gt;&gt; it's amazing how many different pieces
that that are needed for all this to
work for this one product
&gt;&gt; to come to market. As I've said on many
podcasts and I think this one too, that
um you know bringing a new vehicle
platform and and models on that platform
to market is incredibly hard, long
duration exercise
uh you know millions of decisions.
Um and uh you know you have the design
you you know you start with fundamental
design and the design studio and you
move that into engineering
um from mechanical software hardware you
know all the pieces
uh through the through the entire
process there's so many things um
aerodynamics and
you know there's a million things and
they're all you know in vehicle programs
you know traditionally they call it you
put down a set of attributes. This is
what you want. And the the problem with
these attributes is a lot of them are in
conflict. And so, you know, design can
be in conflict with many of the elements
for efficiency or safety. And so, you go
through a very very difficult process of
trying to hone that down and get it to
the right right the right place. and and
most vehicle programs, you know, most of
that's done and then it's kind of thrown
over the the wall to manufacturing. Um
it's it's a little bit it's not exactly
true, but um design for manufacturing is
is important, but I mean look at what
and and by the way, when I talk about
vehicle platforms, I'm talking about
some level of software, you know, some
level of software, not an intrinsically
important piece of software. I mean you
can have infotainment software that
doesn't run the screen right or doesn't
look right or doesn't respond to the
user touch or these are not safety
critical problems and they're not
inherently functionally required for the
vehicle's very operation here we have no
vehicle controls at all no driver you
know no human driver control so so the
vehicle must be autonomous and that's
that's and so and then further Tesla
took a different path here
uh
by really designing it alongside the
factory design to build it
&gt;&gt; so that they could build it at at scale
at at lower lower cost than you know
&gt;&gt; well and also designing the factory the
manufacturing process along with yeah
designing the car simultaneously.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, it's it's a it's a it's a unique
to me that's fairly unique. I mean we we
talk about it a lot design for
manufacturing but this is really
a singular engineering process under a
single executive head Lars that is is in
charge of this entire thing. So they're
literally designing the factory elements
to build the product alongside designing
the product.
&gt;&gt; Um the practically the only the only
people probably don't get involved in
that is the design studio itself. Um
yeah, I mean in the manufacturing side,
but uh
&gt;&gt; so this is this is is quite quite
extraordinary. And
&gt;&gt; the other thing that's really amazing
when you think about it
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; is this vehicle was unveiled in October
of 2024.
&gt;&gt; That was my By the way, that's exactly
what I was going to say. This is what 18
months ago.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Am I right? Unveiled. So to
understand that you realize that that is
a handbuilt or any one of those number
of vehicles that were at that um we we
robot event were effectively handbuilt
vehicles. So there was no manufacturing
process. I mean not to say it wasn't
being bootstrapped, it wasn't being
designed, it wasn't coming coming up,
but it wasn't built on the manufacturing
line. That's for sure. Um that that was
a handbuilt
product and um or I don't know how many
there were several of them. And um so
yeah, that's you know, we've come a long
way in 18 months. Are you kidding me?
It's amazing.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. And it's funny because I think the
the narrative out there is that Tesla's
late and you know, things are promised a
long time ago and and so on. And yet
this new vehicle to go from the Wii
robot event to where we are today, start
of production in 18 months or so, is
really pretty staggering.
&gt;&gt; It's got to be a record. That's like
sprinting in in in the automotive world.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, it's in it's insane. I mean, the
amount having coming having having come
from Rivian, having built three new
vehicles on essentially two platforms in
5 years, I know what insanity feels like
&gt;&gt; on a day-to-day basis.
&gt;&gt; I think I would look 10 years younger if
I hadn't done that. I mean
it's I mean we we pushed hard and we did
well and and um I'm not here to say they
did better or worse. I'm just say here
that this is an amazing achievement and
I do believe you know I completely
believe that this car will be the
largest volume car produced potentially
in the world.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; It will we will see it everywhere.
Everywhere.
Um, and we will ride in it continuously.
Uh,
so we better get used to it.
&gt;&gt; Beautiful vehicle.
&gt;&gt; It It is. And the interior it for a
vehicle that costs them 20 to 25,000 or
so. I mean, I don't actually know um
what their
bomb and manufacturing. I I don't know
what it is, but let's just call it 20k
for sake of argument. Um,
it's incredibly
polished. You know, it almost looks
luxury. And I've seen the, u
pre-production prototypes like the one
at down here in Santana Row was able to
effectively crawl inside it and look at
the, you know, the the beautiful screen
and the um the properly aligned interior
to the purpose that it is,
&gt;&gt; you know, it is for. So, uh, they are
going to be extremely successful with
this vehicle and they are going to make
Tesla shareholders a lot of money.
Here's an image of the original
prototype,
&gt;&gt; I guess, in the Wii robot event,
&gt;&gt; the engineering test uh, prototype
versions that we've been seeing lately
and then now the production cyber cab.
Now, the lighting isn't comparable on
all these images, but this is a nice top
down view from Joe Techmar who put this
together. It's yeah, it's interesting to
see. Um
I mean there's a lot of similarities. I
know that if you change the view, not
that you can uh but if you had changed
the view, there's some differences to
the rear of the vehicle and how narrow
it is in the the final.
&gt;&gt; But uh you know that happens. That's
exactly that's true. You know, I I um
remember uh before I left Rubian, I was
down at the design studio in Irvine and
I was talking to Jeff who runs the
design studio and um I said, "Uh, oh,
look, you know, the the original
prototype R1T effectively, just like the
prototype here is over there." He goes,
"Yeah, come over here. Take a look at
it." And we we stared at it. He goes,
"Tell me what's different." And I'm
like, "What?" And you know, he's like,
"Well, it's 2 in more narrow than the
vehicle. It's different this way. It's
different that way." You know, and I was
um and then once you, you know, your
eyes once you put your eyes on it for a
bit, you're like, "Oh, wow. That's like,
&gt;&gt; and by the way, you know, when I say
that, that's like we, you know, making
those changes, they're all there's all
reasons for every one of those little
changes that they make. Um, and some of
it, you know, at least in um, in Rivian,
they they they beyond putting it in CAD
systems, they did it in clay, which is a
beautiful thing because you can I mean,
first of all, you Yeah, you can go up
and touch a a physical, sometimes they
did, you know, fifth fifth scale and
clay, but most of the time full size, so
you can walk around the vehicle and you
can touch it. It just feels amazing. And
um but there are differences between
what you do in your original design and
what original prototype. So you can so
can you imagine there's some original
set of designs that they started with.
They selected something either did it in
clay or their process whatever that
might be. Um built some physical
prototype that people could walk around.
They walked around it. Elon walked
around it. Got in it. Um they built some
uh design bucks meaning the the kind of
things that you can basically they they
would build a prototype interior without
necessarily the exterior. So you get get
a sense of uh dimensionality like the
headroom and
&gt;&gt; um the width of the seats and and all
that stuff. And then you know you start
making small and then all that you can
make so many changes up front in that
design process but the closer you get to
manufacturing you're you're locking
things down dramatically.
&gt;&gt; Um so you don't go from say
you know engineering test version while
we can kind of see some physical
differences that was probably baked
six or more months ago. Um because
anything that they didn't go from
engineering test pre-production to
production and make massive changes in
any period of time there that you know
it would it would it would be elongated
amount of time to make those changes. So
wow. Uh and and here it is.
&gt;&gt; It's impressive. Um I think what also is
impressive, Phil, is your prediction is
looking more and more spot-on all the
time. Although you've just got a few
days left. I know, but it's going to be
close. What do you think? You think
you'll make it under the wire?
&gt;&gt; Yeah, I think we might have a cyber cab
in the robo taxi fleet for a couple. Why
not? Why not put them to work? Yeah, put
them to work. I mean, there they are.
There they come. So, you know, I I did a
a more seriously, I did a really, I
think, reasonable post today. Uh, we we
could talk an hour later. It was post
earnings and I I was trying to do my
best to translate
what
robo taxi looks like between now
and what I call scale or revenue moment
&gt;&gt; you know I think this is the way we
should be thinking about it we should be
thinking about it is
&gt;&gt; there is a point now where is entered
let's call it four cities I mean here
it's a metro really it's it covers San
Jose
Oakland and San Francisco so it's not
really city but um and the Bay Area I
think is if I'm right it's the just
geofence area, but it's a very different
model here. It's it is like a chauffeer
limo service is really what it is here.
It even falls under the the current
regulatory
California TCP rules for that. So, um
but that said, you know, we've got it in
Austin and a certain number of the units
are unsupervised. We have it in Houston,
we have it in Dallas. That was obviously
something that happened in the last two
weeks is including those two cities a
small but obviously about to expand and
and what I think so we have this period
of time that we are going to be gliding
through. We Tesla is going to make real
progress through this period of time
that comes up to where the thing starts
to really scale and we see a line item
on the balance sheet and so forth. I
think so what we have now is this um
difficult test process and I think
that's maybe the issue is that that
we're robo taxi is not really in
production
at scale able to satisfy customers as a
as a an alternative necessarily. it can
be, you know, you might get lucky and
find availability. Um, but it's not to
be counted on as something that's just
showing up, you know,
&gt;&gt; but but I think that um what I heard in
earnings call is something very
different here. Uh well, first thing I
heard is just that I feel like the team
at large, Elon included,
&gt;&gt; um
want to back off the overcommitment
process that they found themselves in
and they want to get into the under
promise overd deliver space
&gt;&gt; which is the virtuous space you should
always want to be in. That said,
what I see happening on the ground is
that um
more and more there'll be more and more
unsupervised versions released for
customer use. And what I think
philosophically is going on here is I
think Elon has asked the team, I want
absolute safety
paramount. Like it's not about bad
press. I don't want to hurt anybody. I
don't want anybody killed. I don't want
any injuries. And that includes my
customers and the people around my
vehicles. I think that is prime a
directive.
Then I think he's saying
we built a process, you know, like look
at CyberCad. We built this process to
deliver this at scale.
He wants the network it gets into to
operate at scale.
&gt;&gt; And what that means to me is that beyond
safety
uh all the production system problems
that you have in this kind of network
need to be worked out. You know, we we
you have to solve
all the pickup and drop off problems.
You have to solve the
overly safety because in a sense what
they've done here is they've overindexed
perhaps on safety and now they're
finding the cars are being cautious or
hesitant. So they need
&gt;&gt; what's that?
&gt;&gt; They're being far too timid. I think
&gt;&gt; they need Yes. And and so they've got
this funny needle they have to thread.
You know the cars have to I mean we get
um we probably don't see that or
understand that because most of us get
in our
FSD 14.2 two or three Mad Max mode cars
and we're like, "Wow, those things are
aggressive and they move." But but this
is different than I think um how you're
going to feel in in robo taxi when when
comes up to train tracks or some
&gt;&gt; you know
&gt;&gt; is that though sorry to interrupt you
but is that causing its own set of
challenges because
&gt;&gt; if you think about the analogy of of a
kid you know riding a bicycle
&gt;&gt; and the parents saying okay little
Johnny I don't want you to have any
accidents I'm going to put knee pads and
a helmet on you.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. And you know what? That's not
enough because you could still skin your
your elbows.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. So,
&gt;&gt; we're going to wrap you in a layer of
bubble wrap.
&gt;&gt; Yep.
&gt;&gt; Well, now the kid can't even ride his
bike.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Yeah.
&gt;&gt; He's safe. I mean, maybe that's too
strong of an analogy, but is is is the
focus on absolute safety
going to limit them in some way. I guess
it limits their ability to scale in the
short term,
but I guess the payoff is that okay, if
we get this right, then we will be able
to scale much more rapidly down the
road.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. I mean it's it's better to back
off that position than to be in the
other side. And I think that
uh when people
come across someone named Elon Musk,
they think, you know, one of the things
in their brain is, you know, goes big
and is a risk taker and therefore they
they map that quite directly to, oh,
he's just going to put it out there and
and that I don't think is how he
operates. So I think what they've done,
as I've said, overindexed on safety,
yes, that's going to cause some
problems. there's like too many things
there. But it's a better place to start
in because it will yield as they come
out of that and they get the car to get
out of navigational loops and
uh stuck situations. Uh
they will uh then then they will arrive
at at the other part of this holy grail
which is that they will have something
that is
operationally scalable.
In other words, I think what happens
with Whimo and we just don't see it. To
me, Whimo is not a very good example of
a scaled out product at all. It's going
too slow to market at at its at its
supposed like in other words, they have
like said we are at scale that we are we
are scaling this thing and and if you
watch
&gt;&gt; what they're doing,
&gt;&gt; it's not going fast enough right now.
Are we faulting them for spending the
first two years
with safety drivers? No, not at all. I I
that's not the point. The point is now
we have a product that isn't getting
into cities at volume fast enough and is
still making fundamental mistakes. The
good news is they're not making a lot of
safety critical mistakes,
&gt;&gt; but they're making a heck of a lot of,
you know, just bozo mistakes. And
beyond the th those operational things,
beyond the customer experience which
suffers,
it creates a scale problem because their
operations center has to be bigger. They
have to have more people staffed to
interfere and get the car out of stuck
positions and, you know, teleport in and
get the car out of its jam. And I think
what what what Elon's saying to his team
is I want this thing to be
safe as hell, you know, much safer than
any alternative, including human-driven
anything. Uh, and I want it to
operationally scale with little
handholding. Like he wants a very very
thin customer service operations outfit
in the end.
And these are very hard things to
achieve. But if he does this, if he gets
the team to that effective finish line,
then we're going to see the thing just
light up. Now, do I think that they
will,
you know, at at one end of the scale is
you think, well, robo taxi, um, you
know, FSD is designed as a go anywhere,
anytime technology, right? Drop a car in
the middle of anywhere and it should be
able to drive. And shouldn't I therefore
be able to turn on robo taxi in the
middle of Oklahoma,
uh, even though Tesla has no presence
there? Well, if Tesla's operating it,
the answer is no because there's no
cleaning or service or fac there's no,
you know, there's no infrastructure to
support the service.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; So, so they they from from that point of
view, they have to geoence it. From
another point of view, which is just
purely at this phase of where we are
from autonomy is we have regulatory
barriers. So, it has to be geofenced
into into acceptable uh acceptable
uh geographies that that permit it. So,
you know, they have those operational
considerations and and eventually, I
suppose, if if we would say, well, the
the pure version, the purest version of
scale is that you and I can buy one of
those beautiful gold cars and put it in
service in our neighborhood. Um, but
again, that's an interesting problem in
and of itself because then as a company,
they have to make some decisions there
as to do they have enough density. Like,
in other words, at that point, they'll
be caring a lot about availability of
vehicles. And so how will they deal with
that and say well if you're going to you
want to run these in um you know a
smaller
you know Knoxville or central New Jersey
or something like that we have to have
some amount of scale to release it uh
you know even if we don't have to be
directly responsible for the cleaning
and charging of those vehicles.
&gt;&gt; Mhm.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. So, I think and and just to kind
of come back on where I think they're
going to go right now is I think they're
going to be more aggressive than than
they they let on.
Um I think we're going to see a lot of
cyber caps being consumed in these um
test cities. I almost guarantee it. I
know they're not building them for their
health. I know people have complained
and said, "Well, you know, look, this is
so silly. Look, they met these
objectives. They're building these cars.
Now, where are they going to sit?" You
know, no, I I disagree. those things
will be there'll be hundreds or
thousands put into service before that
that true scaleout moment. Um I mean
this this is their best autonomous
platform and if they're going to put an
unsupervised car in this is the perfect
answer. This is the super unsupervised
car.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. So that will happen. Um also on
this 14.3 and 15 thing here's what I
think about that.
I think that, you know, uh, they
confirmed and we we pretty much knew
that Roboaxi is running a a 14.3
variant. Okay. And what to that what
that means to me is it's a couple point
releases ahead of where
&gt;&gt; the the uh the tip of the the sphere is
from the the consumer. 1432 is the is
the is the most current version in
customer hands. then they're they're
ahead of that. They're running a
and and when I when I say variant, they
could be either running a straight
variant just that's linearly ahead or
they may be running a variant variant
like something that's a that's a forked
branch that has some um special training
in it that's that's you know it's not
just there's a couple ways to do this.
You can you can you can think about a
completely different model that runs the
transportation as service model and then
the customer model. You can think of
them as distinct even though you know
categorically they're both unsupervised.
You can think of them as modeed meaning
that you're injecting a mode of
operation into the stack as it runs.
That's largely what I think is being
done here. That's the scalable way to do
this business is that you you you mode
it. say, "Yeah, this is customer
supervised. This is customer
unsupervised.
This is robo taxi." Okay. Um, which
effectively is unsupervised. Um, and I
think what's happening here is that as
they come across
problems,
uh, that they what the way they cure the
problem effectively is they will set up
they'll tee up a reinforcement learning
use case. So they'll gather data,
they'll set up a bunch of scenarios, and
we've talked about how RL works, but
they'll set up the proper, you know,
rewardable scenarios that they want the
car to do, and then the and then the
ones that um penalize the training and
and and they'll run that and then
they'll go and pop that out into some
vehicle, they may be just do that
finetuning on the model. So imagine
imagine the scenario is that they say uh
we've got five distinct things we're
trying to cure in the field in Austin.
And and I and I want to say specifically
Austin because what I think they're
doing here is they're they're they're
setting up a geography where they with
tests they run every street, every
intersection repetitively, day, night,
maybe even weather change and they look
for the anomalies in the system there
and and they sort of effectively are
certifying the area. They're not mapping
the area. That's a different thing.
they're certifying the area and when
they see those anomalies either directly
experienced by customers and or reported
by their safety drivers in the case of
the ones that they're in or they just
see it in testing, they'll they'll
probably have a candidate list of of
five items they're trying to cure in the
software and they'll take that back and
they'll set up they'll tee up their RL
cases, their reinforcement learning
cases. They'll run that through. They'll
fine-tune the model and they'll send a
candidate build out and they'll then
retest that surface area, if you will.
You know, that those streets, those
intersections until they go, "Yes, we've
cured this problem." And if that's true,
then they'll move that release
um as a build on, you know, that that
build candidate they'll then essentially
bless as um something that they push
across the robo taxi fleet. And see they
have to remember two things have to
happen. They have to make sure that
they're solving a problem and not
regressing.
So there's a lot of work to be done
there. There's a lot of work to figure
out regression and you know they have
test frameworks for that. But they also
are probably running a lot of um street
miles again determined that okay it's
not good enough to say we fixed
intersection 52
left-hand turn sticky problem. they've
got to go out there and make sure that
they didn't mess up, you know,
intersection 33 and 34 and 35. So,
&gt;&gt; it's a bit like it's a bit like training
an athlete. You know, the athlete gains
new skills.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; But might become weaker in something
else because it's been training on
something, you know, something different
and it's learned that new skill, but
then when it goes back to when somebody
goes back and does,
&gt;&gt; you know, think of it like the cath lead
or something, right? You're you're
trying to focus on your your pole volt,
but you might find that your hurdling
suddenly is is falling behind. Exactly.
Yeah.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. And it's so so so it's tricky. I
mean, I don't want to make it sound like
it's it's an impossible thing. It's not
at all. They've got they've got a good
process and they and I would tell you
that this process has evolved over time
and has probably gotten very good in the
last half year. I would say in in the in
the summer it wasn't very good. Uh when
they first released it, I think they
were all over the map in terms of what
do we do? How do we get this pipeline of
problem to solution fixed? Yeah.
&gt;&gt; So, okay. So, zooming out again, what I
think is what's going to happen here is
they're going to take their 143 variant
or for let's call it 14 line, the 14,
and they're going to produce variants
and they're going to cure problems along
the path. And if they reach a what they
think is a holy grail moment of scaling
and whether that's just Austin or it's
it's multi-ity then you'll see them hit
what I'll call the miniscale button you
know they'll they'll you'll see a 100
unsuper because remember any single
unsupervised car in Austin has the same
chances of success or failure as another
one right there's no unless there's
something physically different about
those cars. So when you think about
scaling it, it's really more about the
human scale problem. It isn't about it
isn't about the particular car. You
know, it may be that they're in other
words, human scale means the engineers
or the operational people on top of the
problem looking at it going did we cure
this problem? Did we fix this problem?
Um but so if they they may reach a happy
place during this uh what I'll call you
knowup pod phase under promise overd
deliver phase they they may hit a a
happy place where they're pretty
satisfied that either in Austin or
across several cities that they can
scale this thing and then you'll start
to see a lot of consumption of cyber
caps being pulled into the mix and and
model wise for that matter. And then um
okay why 15 then why 15? Why are they
talking about 15? Here's why I think
they're talking about 15. I think that
they um having enough experience in the
field seeing what kind of problems
they're experiencing.
They are looking at some architectural
solutions to the problem. You know, it's
not just I want to train more
reinforcement
use cases. It's it's more than that.
it's, oh, we should set up, you know,
maybe it's it maybe it truly is running
as a mixture of experts and they want to
add a better router for for how the
experts are selected in the system
because that's how, you know, you get
into the system. Um, and and so they're
going to one build a new architecture
and they and I think they've seen the
light. they go okay now having a lot of
experience with you know effectively
hundreds of thousands I don't know how
many miles but let's call it hundreds of
thousands of of actual service miles I
mean in the robo taxi fleet specifically
not general FSD miles
&gt;&gt; y
&gt;&gt; um they've probably seen the light and
they know what to do from an
architectural remake of the product this
is different than the things they did to
make 14.3 better performance it's
different than that stuff And then
they'll probably increase the um number
of parameters in the model uh because
they'll get it's effectively like by
increasing the parameters they just get
more nuance and decision points in the
in in the model and so the model can you
know better perform with a lot of
variance meaning like you can overlay
safety and operational considerations
together and get something that sings
the song that they want it to do right
in other words that you know um so I
think 15 is on on the looks. Now, I I
think the good news is that all these
tee ups of these uh reinforcement
learning use cases, that's all in a big
library right now. In other words, a big
data library sitting on servers. So,
when they start to train 15, they'll
just rerun those cases and and get them
to um you know, score within the model.
So, it's not like they have to start
over. Uh no, no, no. So they're
essentially plumbing up a different
architecture potentially, you know, a
different yeah different architecture to
the thing to to to the to the neural net
itself potentially more parameters and
then they're just going to they'll
they'll rerun their training corpus
through and then then they end up with
the same but better outcome. And so I
think that's what we're going to see. I
think we're going to see a a a healthy
and maturing but not scale out ground
game occurring between now and that
moment when they actually do hit that
scale button.
&gt;&gt; By the way, they reported that they have
1.7 million cumulative paid robo taxi
miles.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, that makes sense. Yeah.
&gt;&gt; Uh that's paid miles and of course
there's all kinds of other, you know,
miles that they've run using the
vehicles they add on top of that. But
yeah, um it's interesting, Phil, when
when I think about scaling and and this
no accident no injury policy focus.
You know, certainly when you look at it,
if robo taxi is safer than human
drivers, then in theory, the more you
put out there, then the more lives
you're going to save.
But of course Tesla is not going to be
rewarded for a life saved because one
you don't really know necessarily when
that could have been.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; But they're certainly not they're going
to be harmed. They're going to be hurt
to the extent that they have a life lost
and maybe more so than you know and then
than perhaps then perhaps Whimo would
be. Um, so that makes sense to be
cautious, but at some point it's it's
like, well, you know, objectively we can
calculate the number of lives that could
be saved by these by scaling up this
fleet. And at some point, I'm sure, you
know, Elon is aware of that. At some
point, you'd say, well, you know what?
We just have to do the right thing. We
we know that if we scale this up, we're
going to save so many lives.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; And we know that we're also opening
oursel up to increased legal risk. But
you know what? That's still the right
thing to do.
&gt;&gt; There's some number they have in their
brain. You know, I think that I I think
there's a number that Elon has in his
brain, you know, his own key performance
indicator on what that where that line
where that line is. Um because there's
no way I mean it's like uh you know, air
travel is safer than
uh vehicle travel, but we don't we still
have air accidents. You know, they're
infrequent, thankfully. Um, but we still
have them. And uh, you know, if it was
if it was up to the some government
agency, they maybe mandate that anything
over 200 miles has to be a a flight
because it's safer, right?
&gt;&gt; Certainly take a lot of cars off the
road.
&gt;&gt; But, um, by the way, I'm not advocating
that in any way, shape, or form. I'm
just mentioning it as kind of a a way to
way you might a model for how you might
think about this. But yeah, there's a
point where it's clear that we both
know, everybody listening knows that
there's no doubt in pretty much
anybody's mind that's thought about this
problem that that vehicle autonomy
system, specifically FSD, is safer than
human driver.
Uh, today we almost feel that I I don't
think most of us that are running 14.2
two or three on our vehicles feel that
if we're being honest with ourselves,
it's safer than our driving.
&gt;&gt; Definitely.
&gt;&gt; And I certainly feel that way.
&gt;&gt; Yep.
&gt;&gt; Um
so if if if I were to drive my family
around, I'd rather have the car drive my
family around. And I feel I feel very
honestly that way. It's not like it's
it's uh for anybody that has experienced
these 14.2 or three variants in their
vehicles, they're all, you know, ringing
the bell of agreement here. There's no
doubt about it. There's the only people
that are disagreeing
are people who haven't experienced it.
&gt;&gt; Just real quick, Phil, it's kind of
funny because you often think about
somebody like being a backseat driver.
&gt;&gt; Mhm.
&gt;&gt; Right. You have somebody driving and
somebody who's who's critiquing the
driver. It's like, well, now we all get
to be backseat drivers.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; We all get to critique FSD as it drives.
Yeah.
&gt;&gt; And you can always take control if you
want to at any time. And often often
it's unnecessary,
but effectively we're all backseat
drivers now.
&gt;&gt; Yep. So, we're all you, we're all
critics. Um,
&gt;&gt; yeah,
&gt;&gt; you know, so I wouldn't have done that.
I wouldn't have driven that way. I
wouldn't have done that move, but
there's a point where, you know, you
just, um,
you kind of zone out of the process and
there's plenty of times I've uh gone up
and back up back and forth through the
airport and I barely remember the the
road miles now because I'm, to be fair,
most of the time I'm on my phone.
uh you know, I'm just keeping enough
cognitive energy to
&gt;&gt; um effectively fool the supervising
system into believing I'm there.
And by the way, when I say that um
selfishly I care about my life. So if
anybody thinks that's some kind of
cavalier,
&gt;&gt; right,
&gt;&gt; piece of behavior, I would inform them
that I have no death wish whatsoever,
&gt;&gt; right? And so I feel that the car is
driving
very safely
and I know where I'm still uncomfortable
with it. And that would be
parking garages and possibly
literally at the airport dropping
somebody off at, you know, at um at
departures because, you know,
&gt;&gt; but these aren't safety issues. They're
just sort of
&gt;&gt; No, they're most
&gt;&gt; Yeah. And sometime Yeah. I mean, it's
not a safety issue, but if the car gets
in some loop in a parking garage, which
I've had happen more than once,
&gt;&gt; y
&gt;&gt; um I don't want that to happen. I just
want it, you know, like the other day I
asked the car to go uh I was meeting
someone for coffee at the main mall here
and I asked it to go to a destination.
Well, it doesn't know where to park
really. I have a preferred parking
garage. There's no way to nuance that in
the so I just say go to Valley Fair Mall
and then I just literally at once it
gets kind of in on the property I just
take control and and park the car.
Right.
&gt;&gt; The thing is very safe now. Um but I but
I do think that you know I've said this
before
loudly uh in in many podcasts on many
posts most of the problems that that
they're experiencing are operational
problems not safety problems. Yeah,
&gt;&gt; I believe that as I said, they've
overindexed on safety and the problems
that they have now are these things that
are annoying as hell that don't give
them scale and don't give customers
satisfaction. Those two those two things
and you fix both of them, they get scale
and the customer gets satisfied. What
does that what does that mean? Uh, you
know, it it's too cautious. It stops at
those railroad tracks. It doesn't want
to go through the railroad tracks. Oh my
god, why not? because there's a train
parked at the station. It's not moving,
but it's afraid it's going to move. Um,
and maybe it doesn't want to move. Maybe
it's not going to move at all. And now
now the customer is just stuck in the
middle of the street, which by the way
creates a like a tertiary safety hazard,
right? Because car is
&gt;&gt; but that's not what we're talking about.
Primary safety, I think, is is is
addressed here. or Elon mentioned this
thing where in the call where, you know,
a bunch of robo taxis were stacking up
in a lefthand turn because there was an
uh an accident between, ironically, a
Whimo and a in a in a bus. It's kind of
ironic, huh? Um and um and they weren't
going to get out of that. They were
stacking up and they were, you know,
until until they
uh freed them from that condition, they
were they were stuck there.
Um so these these operational things are
a big deal. I mean pickup drop offs
loops navigational anomalies
and overcautiousness
uh to be fair are is a very very long
tale to getting the service to be
completely autonomous. Well, speaking of
pick up and drop off and travel, uh some
good news in Europe,
&gt;&gt; uh Dutch authorities, and you you shared
some thoughts about this.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, this is so cool. I mean, how cool
is it that you know, getting through one
of the most bureaucratic
bodies on planet Earth. They
I mean you've seen the post from some of
their senior staff at Tesla's talking
about you know spending weekends writing
reggg documents responding to regulatory
documents. He's talking about this um
and yet they got through it and a credit
to them and I think that uh
that it shows that
I mean it shows a lot of things. I I I
listed four. I think this is a good good
set. You know, it shows that they
by establishing the regulatory foothold,
they now have essentially a template to
run through other countries and other
not just European countries but just in
general. You know, I think it it also
shows that they are regatory in general
isn't going to need to see the the
prescriptive outcomes like oh we must
have LAR and multi-ensor you know that's
like not a mandate. the mandate should
be outcome based.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; Not sensor based or something like that.
&gt;&gt; Um I think it it helped Tesla hone in on
the process so they can scale this
process better internally. I think
that's a big deal that we don't see but
will pay dividends. And I and and my my
my personal belief is that one of the
reasons that robo taxi isn't operating
in the United States
ahead of schedule is this right here.
Meaning
um team is stretched thin.
&gt;&gt; Mhm.
&gt;&gt; They've got to deal with
oh you're supposed to roll out customer
unsupervised. Oh, you're supposed to
roll out
uh supervised or you're supposed to do a
version 14 light for hardware 3
vehicles. Oh, you're supposed to get
regulatory approval
uh in the Netherlands or, you know, in
the EU in general. Oh, you need to deal
with right-hand drive systems in
right-hand drive countries. Oh, then you
better get this robo taxi thing going.
And oh, you're only 100 people. I mean I
don't know how many people but um you
know I think Elon runs a fairly
lean mean organization
but it's hard to scale this kind of
stuff and uh yeah so I I I think it's a
it's a great achievement and uh and it
will loosen it up further for more
acceptance. I think you know I think uh
what we discovered through this process
frankly is that the the regulators in
the Netherlands did a fairly good job. I
mean obviously their regulators their
bureaucrats
all the we can associate a lot of
negative stuff to that but there was a
good I think a good ultimate synergy
between frustration I'm sure on the
Tesla side but the reality is I think
you know they got to the finish line and
this is what had to get done. It's like
both both teams need to to meet in the
middle somewhat
&gt;&gt; and hopefully that ground work that the
Dutch authorities did or the work that
they did uh bodess well when it is up
for the the vote I guess of the review
in Brussels in May.
&gt;&gt; Um if that's the date
&gt;&gt; there's I think there's Go ahead. I'm
sorry. Well, I was just going to say
that that that that that all that
upfront work should pay dividends going
forward as you are up against other
regulatory agencies whether it's in
Europe or even other countries that look
to Europe for some of the regulations,
&gt;&gt; right?
&gt;&gt; That that all should be helpful. It
should shorten the process. Now, some of
these other countries may ask for some
additional things,
&gt;&gt; right?
&gt;&gt; Uh and some of the things may be crazy
like in in Sweden for example, they may
say, "Well, this you can do this but
only with new cars."
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Whatever that means.
I still don't know what that means.
Maybe they just mean don't do it with
hardware three cars.
&gt;&gt; Maybe. Maybe. Hopefully, hopefully it's
not as of the date that the Dutch
authorities approved it and then all new
cars from that date forward.
&gt;&gt; I don't know. Doesn't that sell new
cars?
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Some strange things like that
could happen. But maybe the other thing
that we need to appreciate is uh and and
to give regulators a bit of a pass here.
Um, for anybody who knows my personality
knows that I don't give them too much of
a pass, but um, look, this is a very
technical product and so it's it's hard
for them to
understand the translation into
technology,
you know,
&gt;&gt; I mean, you can imagine
&gt;&gt; cross talk or the between the what
Tesla's saying and the regulators.
They're like, you know, um, these guys
don't understand. I mean, it's AI. you
think they understand a neural network?
They, you know, obviously they're
they're looking at, you know, purely in
some sense they're looking purely at
the outcomes, but when I guarantee Tesla
engineers are responding in words that,
you know, at first and then they've got
to
&gt;&gt; Well, if I was involved in this process,
I'd take what the Tesla engineers write
and I'd put it through an AI system and
I'd say, "Okay, translate this."
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; Into language that a 10-year-old can
understand.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. and then send it to the
regulators.
&gt;&gt; Yeah,
&gt;&gt; that would be my process.
&gt;&gt; That maybe that is what their legal
department does.
&gt;&gt; Maybe. Maybe.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. You called FSD14.3
a magical release.
&gt;&gt; Yes, I did. Um
&gt;&gt; look, I think here's here's what here's
what happened with 143. Uh
&gt;&gt; and we did quite a lengthy show on this
last time, but
&gt;&gt; Yeah, but I mean thought Yep.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. I think here's what really
happened here is that they I'm trying to
figure out the the right and quick
starting point to this conversation.
Basically, they took a step back and
they looked at the system and they said,
"What do we need out of it?" And and uh
that little picture below um on that
lovely chip known as the AI5 chip. Yeah.
That that puppy
won't be in production until early 27.
Mhm.
&gt;&gt; And um and so to try to
mitigate the need for this chip on
vehicles to solve the unsupervised robo
taxi problem, they had to kind of look
at the constraint they had, which is
where are we with AI4? And
uh looks like they've looks like what
143
sorry 14 yeah 143 mostly did for us was
give us um a lot of performance and a
lot of headroom
&gt;&gt; and made it so that an AI4
compute platform uh in their opinion
will satisfactorily run unsupervised for
robo taxi in so much that Elon
essentially said that this chip goes to
Optimus and um for training purposes.
And I'll explain what I mean by that in
a sec, but you know, that's a big
statement. That's a big big statement.
He's saying we don't need it for the
cars. We figured it out. Um
&gt;&gt; yeah, and I think we got a really good
clue. Um, another part of the figured it
out story was in the earnings call where
basically they're building a variant of
the AI4
uh chip that basically has faster
memory. I think more and faster memory
and that probably will just spread
across the entire I mean that's just a
you know that's a that's a different um
that's that's a smaller change, right?
&gt;&gt; Y
&gt;&gt; yeah. So so yeah, I think uh 143 was an
amazing release. It gave them confidence
that they could continue to build on
that platform, the AI4 platform and uh
meet their objectives and that is
fantastic news.
&gt;&gt; So we're not waiting on AI5 for robo
taxi. We're not waiting on version 15
for robo taxi.
&gt;&gt; Not that I not not from my point of view
at least. you know, the version 15
problem, as I said, that scope is I
don't think we're going to go to that
big scale out button until 15, but we're
going to see a tremendous amount of
progress in the next
uh 6 months on robo taxi. Um, this I
thought was nice. Um, we talked about uh
AI4 versus AI5 and just giving people
perspective on this because you see an
image of a chip and it's like, oh, they
replaced this whole thing with this one
little chip and it's not quite the
story. if you want to just expand on
that for a minute.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, this is a good I think this is a
good picture, but it also has an error.
I'll explain. Um, so yeah, that that
what what Elon released was a picture of
um first silicon for the AI5 chip
itself. So it's a it's a system on chip.
It basically has the main compute
structure which is the center of it.
&gt;&gt; Mhm.
&gt;&gt; Dark center. That's essentially the call
it a GPU or TPU or noral core, you know,
I don't really care what you call it,
but that's where it's doing all the
compute. Um, so there's a CPU there,
there's a G, there's the the noral cores
there. Uh, and then it's surrounded by
memory. Those are all memory chips. Um,
something like AL3, DDR, something like
that. Um,
&gt;&gt; and then that's a, you know, effectively
people would call that a system on chip.
bec because it includes the memory
there. Y
&gt;&gt; um and and that's that's the size of the
the thing that I'm kind of zooming in
on. That's the AI4 chip. Uh and there's
two of those on that board. So that
that's the PCB that's for um the ECU for
for our cars as well as
Cyber Gab as well as any robo taxi
deployed vehicle
that's in our cars, you know, and that's
a big board. That's you big, right?
These chips are pretty small. Um, the
only thing that's wrong about this is
that on AI4, the memory is not on board
the chip itself. It's it's on that it's
on the main PCB. So, you know, the
memory is not included that they they
brought the memory in AI5. They brought
the memory into the SOC
uh closer, you know, it's basically
means it's right in the core silicon.
So, it's much faster that way
&gt;&gt; and it's more and it's more of the
modern way of doing it,
&gt;&gt; um, if you will. It's not
&gt;&gt; it's not an unusual thing, but it's it's
certainly a forwardleaning way of doing
this type of of architecture. So, a AI5
is going to be a powerhouse, but guess
what? Optimus is going to need it. It's
going to need it and more, I think. So
not maybe Optimus one so to speak or
whatever the first one that shows up but
&gt;&gt; y
&gt;&gt; so just transitioning a little bit this
is um some of the work that I did since
the earnings call and I think this is
one of the most underappreciated things
that we heard on the call.
Um they talked about active FSD
subscriptions now at 1.28 million and
that was up 180,000 over last the last
quarter. Mhm.
&gt;&gt; Uh the dark blue bars on this this chart
are Tesla supply numbers and I filled in
with some of the light ones where there
were missing quarters.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; Just kind of averaging the the trend
here. So you can see there was pretty
steady growth and you can see that we've
hit a bit of an inflection point. Maybe
a second one here. Um certainly though
um you know last quarter it was the last
chance for people in the United States
at least to purchase FSD.
&gt;&gt; Right. Right. So, some of this bump uh
would have been accounted for with that.
And by the way, on this chart, I'm
counting a purchased FSD or a
subscription as a subscription, which is
what Tesla does,
&gt;&gt; right?
&gt;&gt; Uh if you've purchased it, then you're a
subscriber for life basically,
&gt;&gt; right?
&gt;&gt; Um what's interesting now is if we look
at the FSD take rate, just go back one
slide.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. So, here's what I I project.
Another way of doing this is to turn the
flip the axises and mirror it and over
the course of time, it's going to look
like an S-curve.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; I mean, it's going to go straight uphill
from here. It will. I mean, minus the
anomaly of the of the purchase quarter,
last time to purchase in full, you know,
this thing is going to I think these
bars are going to start to separate out
further and further and touch more of
the
uh not just the base, but you know,
every new car sold this that decision. I
think I think the other thing is true is
that Tesla is going to do I'm hoping a
much better job now that now that
they're in the place where I think it
matters. I think they're going to do a
much better job of incentivizing and
marketing this product to its to
customers.
&gt;&gt; Well, they talked about on the earnings
call about the FSDs, the product and the
car is just a delivery mechanism.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; Delivery vehicle, I suppose. Yeah.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; So, yeah. So, FSD take rate. Now, if you
look at the total active subscriptions
of 1.28 million over the total fleet
worldwide, which is about 9.2 million
vehicles, you're at about, you know,
14%.
Now, if you factor out there's a bunch
of vehicles in that 9.2 million are no
longer here. They've been involved in
accidents or whatever. So, this might be
actually closer to 15% if we factor that
those out. So, something like that. And
then if you think that well this is
mostly a North American thing that we
may be as Pierre Farrau asked on the
earnings call closer to 30 to 35%
uh FSD take rate in North America which
is pretty good if a third of the fleet
is has FSD subscribed or purchased and
that was kind of confirmed on the call.
I didn't he just kind of said that yes
you're thinking about this in the right
way and and so on. Um so that's
interesting. This is encouraging. Now,
it's been picking up for a while, but
what's really interesting is if we look
at the incremental FSD take rate quarter
by quarter.
Um, and so what we're measuring here is
the change in active FSD subscriptions,
which was 180 uh,000 in the quarter over
the number of deliveries in the quarter,
which was 358,000.
So, you're at an incremental take rate
now of 50%.
Now, obviously,
it wasn't 50% of those cars uh
subscribed to FSD. There were people
that had bought cars in previous
quarters that suddenly came to the table
and either subscribed or purchased FSD.
&gt;&gt; Purchased out.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; Which was what bumps this up. Now, on
the call, they made it seem like that
purchased number was a pretty small
amount.
&gt;&gt; How did they characterize that? I don't
remember.
&gt;&gt; Something about a 7%. So, I'm not sure
if 7% of the increase
um is um was purchases of the 180,000
was 7% of that
&gt;&gt; purchases or is it now 7% of the total
1.28 million purchased FSD? I I don't
know.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; Um
I've seen some numbers where the total
purchased FSD is about 2/3
of the 1.28 million, but I haven't found
a source for that. So, I don't know
where those numbers came from.
Either way, this is an amazingly
positive trend. I would expect a bit of
a dip down perhaps in Q2, but I do think
that we may have hit an important
inflection point here uh for, you know,
the higher take rate going forward. Now,
this 26% was, if you recall last year,
they had uh kind of an opportunity for
people to try FSD out for a while. And I
think a lot of people tried it, a lot of
people subscribed and then there might
have been some churn off of that, you
know, as as people realized that, well,
maybe FSD isn't quite where I want it to
be and they cancelled the subscription,
&gt;&gt; right?
&gt;&gt; But I think now we're getting to the
point with version 14 that people
realize just how amazing it is,
&gt;&gt; and it's become now a demand driver for
selling cars. Where do you think they'll
settle on a monthly price?
Well, I mean, and and by the way, I
specifically mean when they go
unsupervised, do you think they'll be um
like I like like I just I think that
their offering should be simple.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; And I think that um supervised will just
be sort of stuck with whatever version
they produce on hardware 3 if you stay
like a hardware 3 vehicle that stays on
hardware 3 would be a supervised. But I
but I'm hoping that I'm hoping from
simplicity sake that
they give us
unsupervised as the the basic and only
offering for all vehicles, you know, all
modern supporting platforms. I don't
know.
&gt;&gt; Well, there's a number of different ways
of doing it. In fact, I would consider
not doing a monthly subscription
and saying on Supervisor is available on
every vehicle. You can use it whenever
you want. If you do use it, you're gonna
pay by the mile and you have some some
number or whatever that is by the mile.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, that might be
&gt;&gt; you might say that you pay by the mile
up to, you know, $99 and then then it's
free for the rest of the month,
&gt;&gt; right?
&gt;&gt; So, if you drive, you know, 2,000 miles
that month, you're not paying some crazy
amount of money.
&gt;&gt; Um, that would be interesting. That
would allow people to try it out kind of
whenever they wanted to in any situation
they wanted to and just pay for for the
use. Um, I'm also of the mind that if if
this is truly so much better than a
human, which we all believe it is, then
why not make this as cheap as possible?
And certainly at the point that Roboaxi
is scaled up, then you charge people for
FSD.
You know, if they have a vehicle they're
putting in the fleet, you charge them a
lot from that because you're making
money now off of the software,
&gt;&gt; right?
&gt;&gt; But it's almost as though, you know,
Tesla could use this as a massive demand
driver. Now, maybe they don't need a
massive demand driver. The focus isn't
isn't on selling as many Model Y's as
possible anymore,
&gt;&gt; right? Right.
&gt;&gt; Although, you want to run those
factories at at some some reasonable
level. And and it sounds like that's
already happening is that demand is
picking up. They said that their order
book is the best it's been in two years.
And they talk about increasing
production in all factories around the
world.
&gt;&gt; They sure did.
&gt;&gt; Right. So, I think they're seeing that.
But back to your question, I I think
they, you know, I would encourage them
perhaps to be a little bit more creative
and try some different different methods
out here to see what what really
resonates with people.
&gt;&gt; I mean, they should keep, you know, use
a KISS principle here. Keep it simple,
stupid. Make it economically viable for
people to get in and try it.
Um,
because I think a lot of people might
just say, "Wow, that's too much. I
can't." Yeah. you know, especially if my
number of miles is low.
&gt;&gt; The other thing Phil I think they could
do, and they probably have the ability
to do this, is to say, "Hey, you're on a
road trip. I see that you're getting a
little drowsy."
&gt;&gt; Mhm.
&gt;&gt; Why don't you try FSD?
&gt;&gt; Yeah, that's funny.
&gt;&gt; Or or you're driving around town on your
on your phone and the car says, "Hey, I
see you're getting a little distracted.
You're looking at your phone a lot. Hey,
Phil, you're taking these phone calls on
the way to the, you know, whatever on
the way to the airport."
&gt;&gt; Um, so there's different things like
that. And maybe that's a little creepy
because people might be feel like
they're being, you know, spied on, but
there there are some things that they
could perhaps figure out. Um, it doesn't
even have to be looking at the person,
but just the way that the person's
driving the car. Maybe the jerkiness of
the car is an indication of of how alert
they are.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Well, they know,
&gt;&gt; right?
&gt;&gt; Um, and so I think there's some things
that they could do to to kind of
incentivize or or kind of prod people to
say, "Hey, you might want to try this
out right now. And by the way, if you
do, it's not going to cost you anything
or or this minimal amount.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; And just kind of get people used to
using it. Um because it's one of those
things I think the more you use it, the
more you realize how great it is, how
beneficial it is.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. There's a little
&gt;&gt; I can't tell you how many times now it's
it's saved my hide from from something.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. There's a little friction. There's
a little bit of friction getting into
it.
&gt;&gt; I think people are intimidated by a
little bit.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; Um I've seen that behavior. So, you
know, you need to be comfortable with
it. The question is how do you how do
you bridge that bridge that gap? So,
there's an economic piece of friction
and then there's just a comfort level of
using a product like it.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; Um, but yeah, there's a lot of creative
ways they could they could do this. I
just encourage them to keep it simple
because I always felt that the
there's a great difficulty of making a
decision. Well, do I buy it outright for
my vehicle? Is it transferable? Is it
not? Is it transferable now? Will it not
be trans? I mean,
&gt;&gt; too complicated. it's too complicated
and uh and you don't feel like you you
really have the clarity to make that
decision and therefore
&gt;&gt; you know the rent by the month thing is
at least one where you can get in and
out of it without consider any you know
considerable um
other considerations. Yeah.
&gt;&gt; Yep. Now what is amazing and this is
another amazing data point u and I wish
Tesla would just actually just give us
these numbers instead of making me you
know compute it which is relatively
easy. It's not not a big chore for me,
but they they give us the number of
miles that have been driven on on FSD
and now we know the number of
subscribers and that's relatively new
data over the last couple of quarters.
So now we can calculate the daily FSD
miles per subscriber.
&gt;&gt; Mhm.
&gt;&gt; And what's interesting is just a a year
ago quarter that was about 10 to 11
miles per subscriber per day.
And this last quarter we're now up to 18
19 miles a day.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. So, we've had almost a doubling in
the usage of FSD per subscriber. So,
we're getting more people subscribing,
uh, a higher percentage of of vehicle
buyers subscribing, and then they're
they're actually using it more.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Yeah. Th
&gt;&gt; this is this is an amazing data point, I
think, for just how important FSD has
become in people's lives.
&gt;&gt; Um, by the way, I think the average
American drives about I think it's about
30 miles a day.
on average.
&gt;&gt; So, we're getting we're starting to get
up there.
&gt;&gt; There's so many cool stats here and it I
think that they want to get to this um
happy place in terms of usage to then
expose themselves and once they expose
themselves, you know what I mean? Like,
in other words, they say, "Okay, now
&gt;&gt; we're going to give you these stats and
gamify the system or do whatever they're
going to do, but when it's when the
numbers are too small, they don't want
to show it off." But
&gt;&gt; yeah,
&gt;&gt; at some point it's going to be quite
explosive.
&gt;&gt; The other interesting thing is, and this
is kind of in a, you know, category of
just this is just interesting. It's not
really that meaningful, but when you
take a look at the subscription revenue,
so what I did here was say, okay, the
1.28 million subscribers, let's say that
they were all paying $99 a month.
&gt;&gt; Mhm.
&gt;&gt; We know they're not because a bunch of
them have paid for it upfront. and Tesla
has booked some of that revenue and
maybe they're booking some of the
deferred revenue over time. But for this
simple analysis, just to keep things
consistent, I'm saying they're all
paying 99 bucks a month. So what what's
that revenue? So um in Q4 2024 that was
like 238 million and now the run rate is
about 380 million.
&gt;&gt; Well, what's interesting now is if you
compare that to the regulatory credit
revenue which in recent quarters has
been coming down.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. It just so happens that this last
quarter that FSD subscription revenue
using that methodology I just mentioned
versus the red credit was exactly the
same at $380 million. So Wall Street
like to ignore these blue bars.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; Can't ignore the gold ones.
&gt;&gt; They can't ignore the gold ones. Nope.
&gt;&gt; Right. And this this is a kind of model
that Wall Street loves. Yeah.
&gt;&gt; Now it's not a needle mover yet, but
it's it's in the early stages and as you
mentioned, it's going to exhibit S-curve
like properties.
Um, anyway, that I thought that was
interesting.
&gt;&gt; Well, let's let's shift gears, Phil, and
let's uh get dressed up for space.
&gt;&gt; Yay.
I love it. Look at that.
&gt;&gt; And and you wrote a post, and I thought
the post was so good, I decided to write
a poem.
&gt;&gt; I know. I saw your post.
&gt;&gt; It's beautiful.
&gt;&gt; And here's the poem, and I call call it
the uh 5,324 mph dash. And I won't I
won't read the poem here. I won't
perform the poem. Um but your your post
I thought was was pretty amazing. Um and
maybe if you can just kind of walk us
through it.
&gt;&gt; Well, I'll tell you why I did this. Um
well because I love doing this kind of
stuff but but uh I was talking to more
than one friend about SpaceX
and I was sort of uh prohibitively
asking them explain the business of
SpaceX to me and what came back was
quite um quite a quite a quite a lumpy
weird story. It was they make rockets
that pushed stuff into space and they
also do Starlink and then they kind of
made a negative association of but
really their rockets are just pushing
Starlink into space. So it's like they
were as if they were connecting the dots
as if you know they're not really doing
anything. And I'm like well you do
realize that Starlink makes them a lot
of money. Um, and so I decided to zoom
out, not just I mean this article
isn't just a zoom out to, you know,
50,000 ft. This is we're going we're
zooming out pretty far. And I'm what I'm
trying to do is um put a handle on the
business of SpaceX and and what it means
short-term and long term. And basically
I'm talking about
connectivity, intelligence,
manufacturing,
and civilizational scale. And I and I
basically started off by saying that
while they're in the business of space,
they're actually sort of fundamentally
in the business of scale because what
we're seeing here is that
uh you know, not to be cliche or what's
the right word about metaphorical about
it, but it's like we are
releasing the bounds of Earth here and
getting into a non-scale a nonscalebound
place
&gt;&gt; uh space. You know, it's there's there's
a lot of room there. But but that's not
the point. The point is that like we we
look at we look at connectivity on Earth
and we find it's geographically bound.
It's around population centers, blah
blah blah. Starlink completely blows
that up. It makes it global. It makes it
uh geographically independent.
It doesn't
&gt;&gt; can't be controlled by any country
anymore.
&gt;&gt; Can't be controlled by a country. I
mean, they can they can kind of say,
well, you can't subscribe in our
country. But, uh, sure,
&gt;&gt; you can still smuggle it in though, I
suppose, right? And use that.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, there's some issues there, but
&gt;&gt; yeah,
&gt;&gt; effectively. Yeah. Anyway, as it goes on
and on, I I say I look at at I look at
Starlink achieving this kind of scaled
out connectivity for planet Earth,
right? For planet Earth, we're talking
about not just broadband internet, but
basically cellular. I expect
SpaceX to literally dominate world build
be a worldwide cellular carrier and
therefore loosen the grip of these
T-Mobiles and AT&amp;Ts and so forth um
Verizon etc. And so I think, you know,
connectivity is an uh an obvious start
because we know that they have something
running there that is demonstrable and
real and and by the way getting bigger
and not only, you know, not only do we
see it like providing more coverage,
more bandwidth, but then we're going to
see it spill into that cellular category
where our
&gt;&gt; actual cell phones are connecting to
Starlink mobile, if you will. Um,
&gt;&gt; so, so I started with connectivity
because that's what we can all agree is
is I don't know 70 plus% of the revenue
of of of SpaceX today. I think it might
be higher, but um, and is is a building
business. And I and I think um Jason
from Allin Podcast said that Starlink
will probably be the most
subscribers
of any service
on the planet cumitively including
Netflix and he he mentioned a few in his
post and I and I think that
is probably correct. Right.
&gt;&gt; Mhm. And then I moved into intelligence
like as as the next layer and I thinking
thinking of these as layers effectively
and I said you know we all know that
orbital data center is sort of where
they're going but again it's it's sort
of the same play right we what we have
now is um we have a lot of not in my
backyard problems with data center scale
we have massive energy constraints on
terapirma on earth you can't get the if
you could buy the CPUs and you could
fund that side of it. You can't get the
permits to build the data center
and you can't get the power interconnect
because
you can't I it's not just the permitting
problem of power. It's there is no not
enough power.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; So now orbital data centers again scales
that to a a very very next level where
we now start to think of ourselves as
you know effectively bathed in
intelligence. It's the next layer of
this layer cake because we go from and
and by the way, Starlink interconnects
the service, right? So, we have an
intelligence protocol, intelligence
service that now is available to us, you
know, through through the connectivity
of of Starlink.
And then I said, okay, well, that's part
of the scale here, but now it's time to
scale manufacturing,
you know, and um and to really get
to a level where we're starting to
manufacture things cheaper possibly in
space on on the moon on Mars.
And I know that sounds like a fantasy at
first,
but that won't feel that way in 10
years, you know, or maybe it's 15 or
something, but I mean, we're starting
we'll start to feel that and realize
that there's economics. the economics
there work and and just in the house of
putting more satellites into
earth-based orbit
doing building that on the moon,
manufacturing that on the moon through
essentially robotic labor, mostly
robotic labor, not a lot of humans
involved in the process.
um starting with materials there and
obviously some of the specialized stuff
still comes from from Earth and moves
there. But
we'll see that you know through through
this mass driver concept which sounds
like a crazy fantasy but it's really
not. It's it's it's ex it's it's what
your poem is about right. It's it's
effectively the way to get stuff
cheaply,
manufacture stuff cheaply at an
unprecedented scale and in this case in
the closed loop meaning get it into
earth-based orbits. That's just
earth-based orbits like you know in
other words an intelligence layer that
sits there. Uh and why are we doing it
in those orbits? Because we're doing it
there because we we are thinking of
intelligence being effectively real
time, right? In other words, we need to
connect to it and ask questions and get
answers. But as we talked previously,
there is an opportunity to produce
uh larger orbital data centers that
aren't in Earth orbits
that are intelligence factories
that can be more batch oriented and
building intelligence, doing research,
doing these things that, you know, we
don't have to check in with but
every month or two or something, you
know. And and just real quick, by the
way, in doing my little research for for
the poem, um you know, the escape
velocities you mentioned in your
article, uh to get things off of the
moon is, you know, a mere 2.38
kilometers per second, which is the
5,324
mph.
&gt;&gt; And I didn't appreciate this, but to get
something off of out of Earth orbit,
it's um 11.2 km/s.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. which doesn't sound like much, but
it's 25,000 plus miles an hour.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; So, a huge advantage if you're going to
put things into orbit to do it from the
moon rather than from from Earth.
&gt;&gt; I mean, that's why Elon's building
Starship right now. It's hard to get
stuff off the off planet Earth. And
that's the whole point. Why why are we
doing that? you know, we're uh in the in
the sense of if we're moving satellites
into orbit to serve humanity
and we didn't start from Earth, we
started from the moon, you know, it
would be easier. Um and that will
happen. That is what the business of
SpaceX is. And and I started with this
notion that you know if you go to the
very beginning of this article right up
front I say at its most aspirational
that means extending humanity beyond
earth expanding our footprint scaling
civilization itself.
&gt;&gt; And I you know I I kind of in a sense
want to end with that because that was
Elon's original dream is to go
multilanetary.
So, here we are. You know, if you go to
the very very end of this article, um,
end keep going.
&gt;&gt; I think that's good stuff. That's fine.
Um, I just talk about the implications
of of changing the way our relationship
with how we're how we think of of space
&gt;&gt; and the fact that it is not,
you know, NASA convincing us that these
taxpayer funded initiatives will have
some kind of earthbound
uh benefits and drugs or material
sciences or something like that, but
rather it is now a place where we're
going to start thinking of it as a place
we live and operate and that earth is
our home but not our permanent residence
necessarily.
&gt;&gt; Mhm.
&gt;&gt; And so why I encourage people to read
this is it allows you to have a
different relationship with the vision
of what SpaceX is going to do. It allows
you to say, "Oh my god, I think I
understand this thing now. It's not just
throwing a bunch of Starlink satellites
up there. It's about this this much
bigger scale out vision. And once you
get that, you know, one of the things
that I'm going to start doing is I'm
going to repeat this article over and
over again
uh on X, but I'm going to start putting
some more
uh you know, things that people can
connect to in terms of what their actual
business is. But but it's always going
to be pointing back to the article
because the article I think is is the 10
to 25 year plan for the company.
&gt;&gt; Mhm.
&gt;&gt; It's it's almost like I feel like I've
written one of those Elon um what what
did he used to do? Remember those the
test
&gt;&gt; master plans?
&gt;&gt; Yeah. It's like I this is the the SpaceX
master plan.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Um, and uh, you know, I I and I
purposely remove some of the what I'll
call
trivial or non-scalable components to
it. Like I like, for example, or maybe I
think, you know, not real. Like I I
don't consider
Starship I don't think Elon will pursue
Starship giving you uh, you know, your
best flight from New York to Australia.
I don't think that's going to happen,
for example. I think that's just some
kind of weird lumpy fantasy. Um, you
know, um, I don't think it's for that,
you know, and uh I I just and I also
think general launch services, although
I'm, you know, I think if we go back
over a year now, I think you wrote a
fantastic article about SpaceX when you
you you said it's like the kilogram to
space business. Mh.
&gt;&gt; And I thought that was good and you know
like like like in in the light of where
we are today it feels somewhat
pedestrian because it feels like oh it's
just
&gt;&gt; but but you know in a sense that's where
they start that it is about getting
stuff off earth into space right without
that you have none none of these other
elements. You can't even think about
manufacturing on the moon until you get
stuff off of earth.
&gt;&gt; Well similar to the idea that that the
cost of uh a kilowatt hours in a battery
&gt;&gt; Yeah. is important to AI and robotics.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; Right. It's like, how is that? Well,
it's allowed us to build EVs that then
can be used as autonomous vehicles. Same
thing with the the kilogram cost in
space. You get that down and now
everything else becomes possible,
&gt;&gt; right? You know, SpaceX is in a unique
and absolutely dominant
um kind of place here. I I I just I
don't think people get that yet. I mean,
oh yes, they do because after all, it
will have a $1.75 plus trillion dollar
maybe close above $2 trillion on in
what, less than two months from now in a
public market. So yes, people do get it.
Uh obviously, but this is a massive
business and I've said before SpaceX and
Tesla will compete with each other to be
the most valuable company in the world
in the next 10 years if they don't
combine. and I fully expect them to
combine. And then the other part of this
article,
without saying it too loudly,
shows
how Tesla is linked to this.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; You know, and Tesla is linked to this
through
terapab, but it's more than that, right?
Because Terapab is the the intellectual
property of those chips is Tesla
property. Mhm.
&gt;&gt; It is the that the the chip design team
is is part of Tesla. It's part of that
property of those shareholders. Um and
of course, Terafab is is essentially a I
guess today a joint venture between
these two entities. And again, I don't
think they sorted that. I in the
earnings call when that question was
asked a bit about Terafab, I think they
showed the complexity of the
relationship of having two companies not
sorted it out. In fact, I think they
basically pointed that these two
companies must merge because the
complexities are going to get complex
and um but but also um you know we don't
we don't we don't build a damn thing on
Mars or the moon without Optimus. It
just won't happen.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; It's the type of robot now. It's not
this current generation. it needs to be
hardened and potentially the moon
variant and the Mars variant might be
different, you know, because there's
some different some real differences
there,
&gt;&gt; environmental differences. But that
said, we can't we can't do it without
those types of robots.
&gt;&gt; And I believe it will be general
generally generally speaking general
purpose robots like Optimus will be the
the the key type of robot to send there
along with humans. And whether we're on
the moon or Mars or both, the robot
population versus Earth will outnumber,
you know, like on Earth, we may reach
parody one to one at some point, but on
Mars or the moon, it'll be 10 to 100,
maybe, you know, one to two orders of
magnitude more robots than humans. Uh
because just the support of
infrastructure for humans in those weird
environments is is is difficult, right?
&gt;&gt; Makes sense. uh and the manufacturing
component of this it we're you know it's
interesting because the other part of
the Tesla interconnect here
beyond the just the brain of Elon is the
deep deep manufacturing experience that
Tesla's built up I mean when we think
about the unboxed process of building
CyberCap where we started this
conversation right um the reality is
that's the prototype for manufacturing
on space because that is a handsoff, no
human in the loop manufacturing process.
&gt;&gt; Y
&gt;&gt; and um and we don't see many of those
for
big scale stuff. Elon's also talked
about using the principles and the
learnings from the automobile
manufacturing side and creating a
manufacturing line for Starship.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; He said that that was helpful to have
that experience in terms of building a
Starship factory.
&gt;&gt; Yep. So the the cross you know the
synergies and the crosspollination they
have been very important.
&gt;&gt; What's what's extraordinary cir is that
if we actually think about a year ago we
weren't almost no one was having this
conversation. No one was really talking
about well certainly no one was talking
about SpaceX in the light of what it
what it what it is and what it can
become. Yeah.
&gt;&gt; Um
but uh but certainly no one was thinking
of the synergy set. I mean I wrote an
article
a year and a half maybe two years ago
where I basically talked about the
synergy between Mars I'm sorry um
between SpaceX and Tesla. And I
rereading it. It sounds kind of goofy. I
mean I was seeing it but I wasn't seeing
it this way. And now I'm seeing it like,
oh my gosh, it's so obvious. It's cool.
I really do encourage people to take a
read here because I think it will lift
you to the vision.
&gt;&gt; Uh, and then as the details start to
emerge about the little piece parts of
it, uh, you won't get lost in the weeds
of like, oh, how do you, you know,
radiate the GPUs in space? uh can it be
done, you know, um well, it's being done
on Starlink every day, so I'm pretty
sure it can be done in the data center
side, but I think you won't get caught
in the little details of the of the
thing. And then you'll be able to glue
it together with your your friends and
family better as you become a SpaceX
fan. And if you're a Tesla investor,
you're going to be a SpaceX fan because
they're going to be one business. So,
&gt;&gt; well, and SpaceX success, frankly, is
also Tesla success. Tesla will
&gt;&gt; if they're not one company then the
growth of SpaceX only helps Tesla.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; As you mentioned
&gt;&gt; it's incredible.
&gt;&gt; Incredible.
&gt;&gt; What's interesting about this Phil is is
I
uh ended up coming to the same place
that you did but through an entirely
different approach
entirely different line of thinking. So
I wrote this article titled operating
systems of civilization.
And the the way I got here, as I'll
describe, is just so different than than
the process you went through. And it's
kind of interesting. Um, so there's uh a
guy at the University um of Arizona,
Hendrickk Besson Binder, who has been
putting together a study of stock market
returns. Um, and now he has a 100 years
of data from 1926 through the end of
2025.
&gt;&gt; Mhm.
&gt;&gt; And what's interesting is some really
interesting outcomes for investors. And
I'll tie this all into Tesla and SpaceX
in a minute, but let's go off in this
little tangent first. Over the last
hundred years, just 46 companies created
half of all the wealth created in the US
stock market. I saw that 46.
Um, in the first 90 years, 89 companies
or 35% accounted for half and just in
the last decade 13 companies were
required.16.
Yeah.
&gt;&gt; Right. So, wealth creation is
concentrating. It's becoming more
concentrated in fewer and fewer
companies.
And then the question that Hendrickk
asked in his last paper was what's AI
going to do this? Is it going to
democratize wealth creation and allow
more companies to create more wealth or
is it going to further narrow it? And I
think we're already seeing the answer
because in the last decade, we're
already seeing a narrowing of it. And
there's only a few companies that have
the capital. And speaking of our earlier
capex discussion, only a few companies
that can muster that kind of capital to
make the investment necessary,
&gt;&gt; right,
&gt;&gt; to position yourself in this area. So I
I wrote a post then um you know about
which companies would be most likely
well positioned in the future. But
before we get there, here's kind of a
visual um of the number of companies it
took to get um most of the gains in the
stock market. So, in the study, there
was 29,754
companies over this 100red-year period.
Um, not all of them are in existence
anymore, but just in total, that's the
number of this that was the sample size.
You only needed 10 to get 29% of the
wealth created. As I mentioned earlier,
46 to get 50% and you only need 1,082 to
get the full 100% of the wealth. All the
rest of the companies cancel each other
out.
Uh it's kind of staggering when you
think about it. And just to further dig
into that, um the median stock returned
over its listing lifetime a negative 7%
return. Ouch.
48% of the companies deliver a positive
return over their lifetime. Less than
half. 41 outperform T bills. So you
think that stocks outperform cash? Well,
only 41% did. and only 27 28% outperform
the market itself. So if you think that
stock market investing is, oh, you
invest in stocks and the average
company's going to go up 10 12% a year,
you've got a thing coming. That's not
what happens,
&gt;&gt; right?
&gt;&gt; And I don't know why there's this
persuasive belief out there that that's
the way the stock market works. It's
actually more like buying lottery
tickets. There's a few winners. And
what's interesting is there's a lot of
people that approach money management,
particularly professionals, who build
these diversified portfolios, and they
trim their winners and they buy more of
their losers. And the data actually says
that probably isn't the best thing to
do,
&gt;&gt; right? Yeah. Yeah.
&gt;&gt; Winners run.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. I see that behavior all the time,
right? That's almost like you can't have
more than 10% of our portfolio be this
or that or the other thing, right?
&gt;&gt; That's right. We see it with a lot of
prominent investors.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Um, and reality is if you've got a
lottery ticket, then you might want to
hold on to it for a while just to see
how that performs. Here's some of the
data. Um, on the right side is the
companies that delivered the most value
created um, as measured by market cap
growth
um, from 1926 to 2016. At the top of the
list is Exon Mobile. Uh, it delivered
1.23 trillion of value. Apple was number
two. It delivered 920 billion of value.
And Microsoft was number three, 772
billion. Okay. And then you got GE and
IBM, Ultria, J&amp;J, GM, so on. And then
just in the last 10 years on the left
side of this this table is the companies
that delivered the most wealth creation
since then. The top of the list is
Nvidia with 4.5 trillion of value. Apple
with 4 trillion.
Now, you might say, well, Apple's market
cap isn't isn't, you know, four or five
trillion. Well, you got to take into
account dividends and stock by VEX.
Capital's been returned,
&gt;&gt; right?
&gt;&gt; Um Microsoft's up there. Alphabet,
Amazon, Broadcom, Tesla, uh is number uh
six on the list.
And I think over over the on the 100
year list, I think Tesla's number eight
or number nine.
Um
so
fewer companies creating all the wealth.
So now if we look forward and say okay
great this is historical fantastic study
100 years awesome but what does this
mean for me looking forward in
investing? So when I looked at this, my
conclusion was, well, this isn't a
random collection of winners,
right? Th this is the short list of
companies that that matter.
This is basically all these companies,
whether it's the companies on the
compute layer, Nvidia, Broadcom, Micron,
etc. or the people uh in the cloud layer
Microsoft, Alphabet, Amazon, Apple uh
the social or data layer of Meta,
Palanteer, Netflix or the physical and
energy layer which is Tesla, Oracle,
Visa, Mastercard with their payment
networks.
This is the operating system of
civilization.
These are the companies that are
allowing civilization to function in the
way that it does. So of course this is
where the value is created because these
are the companies that allow it that
allow civilization to function
right it's it's it's kind of an obvious
you know conclusion
&gt;&gt; right
&gt;&gt; so then now you look forward well and
and I've got some you know in the
article I go into a bit of detail in
terms of the different components of
that
uh they control critical infrastructure
uh they're capital efficient at scale
uh their data monopolies, they have
expanding TAMs, their total addressable
markets are constantly expanding.
&gt;&gt; Mhm.
&gt;&gt; And they have their optionality
machines. They they go into adjacent
businesses because they're well
positioned in one. Think of Amazon and
books can go to the rest of shopping and
then they realize they've got the
compute to go into cloud. Like they just
keep
expanding their TAMs.
Um, and so if you think about that then
as you look forward to the next decade
and beyond,
what companies are positioning
themselves to be the operating system of
Earth? Well, one company in my mind
comes to mind is Tesla.
when you think about autonomous
vehicles, when you think about humanoid
robots, when you think about the energy
systems and how that all works together
and then of course as the conclusion
that you drew, when you think about the
operating system for space,
&gt;&gt; right?
&gt;&gt; Well, there's only one company that
comes to mind there and that's SpaceX
right now.
&gt;&gt; Yep.
&gt;&gt; And maybe there'll be some others over
time. Maybe Jeff Bezos and his Blue
Origin will be a part of this as well.
We'll have to see. But it's that simple
that the wealth is going to be created
by these companies that are creating the
operating system for civilization
to function on. And it's interesting how
you and I came to the same conclusion
from a totally different approach. I
find that really fascinating
&gt;&gt; and the same kind of the same
terminology.
Yeah. Essentially, it's essentially the
same. I mean, it's um
Yeah, it is. I mean the one the one the
interesting thing here is
uh maybe it'd be interesting if you go
back to that list of companies.
I'm very curious on this list of
companies how we might score or
categorize the leadership of these
companies. Mhm. You know there is some
particular thing here like what I mean
by that is
Steve Jobs essentially created
the the potential for Apple. I don't
think if we if Steve didn't come back to
Apple and Tim was that CEO at that time
obviously we know that that couldn't be
true but that irrespective
would this value been created and the
answer for most people would be no right
it's it's a person named Steve Jobs
&gt;&gt; I mean SpaceX you know you can have the
operational side you can have
Shotwell in there doing the operational
side but you need the mind of Elon to do
that
&gt;&gt; and to think that think those big
thoughts and then drive execution and I
wonder if you know I'm not a student of
all this type of history of all these
companies but I wonder if
uh if you scored
the leadership you know I have said to
folks that I mean one of the things that
you said about the concentrated set of
companies that are operating today is
that there's essentially one of the
things that they have created for
themselves in this new gener generation
is they've created enough wealth to be
able I mean sorry yeah create enough
capital to participate in that next
uh in other words you know maybe maybe
they might stumble their way into
dominating AI but one of the things that
they have is billions of dollars to
stumble.
&gt;&gt; Yes. um you know without that uh
you know obviously an upstart can come
and they have there are some knocking on
the door but um
but I mean it's not an accident that
Microsoft's participating here and I
don't look at Microsoft and say oh my
god look at that company they're always
on the leading edge bleeding edge but
you know through through their their
past business success they so much
capital there that they participate and
you know and good on them for doing so
but then I wonder if we just thought of
&gt;&gt; there's no guarantee though right if if
you have a lot of capital that you're
going to win
&gt;&gt; but it gives you a leg up because
&gt;&gt; otherwise you have to raise it from
investors and that's what we're seeing
now open AI and anthropic and others do
&gt;&gt; basic has done that
&gt;&gt; it just and it the the interesting thing
is this the the funny difference in time
and maybe this isn't really fair to say
this but it's that this one required
a big capital gas pedal. This this one,
you know, this that they
&gt;&gt; the scaling law of AI kind of forced it
to to to
asymmetrically favor those with capital.
&gt;&gt; Yes.
&gt;&gt; Participate. Uh even if they're stupid,
you know, um and and so that so so be
it. But
&gt;&gt; and same thing with space, by the way,
is to access space requires a bunch of
capital.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. and and also wicked execution.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Yeah.
&gt;&gt; Just throwing money at rockets where
you're going to burn that money up
pretty fast.
&gt;&gt; But there's there's something to be said
and I think the the the the key thing is
I was saying to friends of mine I said,
you know,
try if you can in to invest in founder
companies.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. And that's a funny perhaps wrong
way of thinking about really what I'm
saying is it happens to be the minds of
some of these founders who have built
these companies up. They're the special
unique individuals. It's not just
generically founders. It's these
founders. I think that's true. Although
look at this list of companies on the
left hand side and the ones who have
created a lot of value. Some of the
founders are long gone. Walmart, JP
Morgan,
right? Um, some of the some of the
founders of these companies have not
been around for a long time now. Did
they create most of their wealth on a
in in I mean that that tees up what
we're talking about with with Steve Jobs
and Tim Cook, right? I mean, most people
would say that
&gt;&gt; that Tim carried the business forward of
Steve. Well, he he executed on the
vision.
&gt;&gt; He he executed on the vision and he did
a fairly good job at that, but
&gt;&gt; you know, he the vision isn't his forte.
Um, so in other words, it had to go in
that order.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. And and Apple might not be on the
list in the next 10 years in terms of
being the top wealth creator,
&gt;&gt; right?
&gt;&gt; It may be, but it might not be. There
might be some other upandcoming
companies that, you know, we we're not
even aware of today.
&gt;&gt; Um, or some private ones. It might be
OpenAI. might be an entropic, it might
be whoever.
&gt;&gt; I mean, Google Google's still in there
kicking kind of as a effectively
founderled company.
&gt;&gt; Yep.
&gt;&gt; In fact, it the reemergence of those
founders try to write that ship because
it was
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; starting to to to see that it was just
going to go by the wayside and that not
grab the AI um hook. I I I think if
we're talking about an ability for a
company to pivot and reposition itself,
then founder led companies
&gt;&gt; do that.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; Right. And and this certainly the famous
history of of Intel, Andy Grove and
Gordon Moore, I think it was those two
looked at each other when there was an
opportunity to pursue the CPU business
and they said, "Okay, if we were fired
and a new CEO came in, what would they
focus on?" Well, it' be CPUs. and they
looked at each other and said, "Okay,
let's walk out of the office and walk
back in as though we're the new CEOs."
&gt;&gt; Mhm.
&gt;&gt; And do what we need to do to go after
this business.
But then Intel missed the whole mobile
revolution.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; And GPU opportunity and and all that.
So, it's it's hard to get these
inflection points, but I think
founder-ledd companies have a greater
chance than than others perhaps. By the
way, maybe you're you're pointing out
the obvious here, but it isn't single
opportunity plays, right? I mean, like
&gt;&gt; what I mean by that is when Steve came
back to Apple,
his entire focus
was cleaning up the personal computer
side of that business, right? Mhm.
&gt;&gt; And making sort of first cleaning it up
four quadranting the whole thing, you
know, getting it getting the line the
the Macintosh line down to and then part
two of that was okay, let's build
innovative products in those quadrants.
This is way before music, right? And
then music became this new thing.
&gt;&gt; Y
&gt;&gt; they seized a new opportunity. Now if
what's funny about it too is if you go
back in the history of that that music
the first music the first iPod was so
deeply attached
to the personal computer side of it like
it didn't find its own escape velocity.
It wasn't like the consumer product. It
wasn't like they knew that they were up
against effectively Sony. Sony would
come in almost any day and potentially
take the Walkman brand and you know find
it find the solid state digital version
of it and walk all over and they never
did and to to Apple's surprise by the
way but Apple thought that because of
that to a certain extent they had this
kind of connected tissue to the personal
computer and they could and if you watch
the the beginning of the early parts of
that marketing it was so weird if you
look at it through a lens of history
&gt;&gt; you're like the personal computers like
10% of their business. It didn't matter.
It wasn't the material part. The music
thing was big. And then you look at the
music thing and you think, well, I'm
glad they carried that forward onto the
um onto the iPhone. But when when the
iPhone started, it was like, we're going
to build you the a touch-based music
&gt;&gt; system because that was such a grounding
point for them.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; Uh and then so so that's, you know,
that's that's interesting. But um so
what what Steve did there is okay
obviously the iPhone is the big business
of Apple and and that one really stuck
like no other because effectively it it
effectively
assumes and consumes the other two right
if you think about it to a certain
extent I mean it's sort of mobile
computing and um internet access and of
course music combined.
Um, but I look at like Elon stuff and
I'm thinking, well, okay,
what do we where do we start with Tesla?
We start with vehicles.
But that's beget a platform of autonomy.
Now we're starting to do something
different with these vehicles. We're not
thinking of the vehicles. We're driving
electric vehicles. It's like what? We
will electrify the planet with vehicles
because of autonomy, not because of the
benefits of electric vehicles over ice.
&gt;&gt; That's right. And autonomy is not just
autonomy of people, but the autonomy of
everything.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; And that's that's another the step
change that the evolution of Tesla.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. And um
&gt;&gt; Right. It's it's kind of like Amazon
going from being a retailer to a cloud
service provider and then having an
opportunity in AI,
&gt;&gt; right?
&gt;&gt; It's sort of autonomy for Tesla's kind
of like the the cloud service business
for lack of a better term. And that that
now is a platform, an opportunity to
springboard into other areas.
&gt;&gt; Exactly.
&gt;&gt; Um and I think all these companies, whe
it's Amazon, Microsoft, Nvidia, Tesla,
there there's examples you can look to
for that. And same thing with Apple. I
could have put Apple on here. Um they
keep creating new new
TAMs, new total addressable markets for
themselves.
&gt;&gt; Right. Right. Exactly.
&gt;&gt; That aren't immediately obvious when you
see what they're doing with their
current set of products.
Um,
&gt;&gt; and that that sets them apart and I
think that that
&gt;&gt; right so they're not they're not static
in their businesses.
&gt;&gt; I mean there it's it there's great
connectivity between the beginning of
the businesses and today's businesses
you know for Apple you can see that uh
but they're not static in their you know
I mean I don't know who who would be the
most static in this whole mix. maybe uh
to a certain extent Microsoft.
&gt;&gt; I mean, where is Microsoft really gone?
Um
&gt;&gt; uh Tesla's the one that's probably in
some ways
in an outsized way perhaps
expanded into different market. Yeah.
Different different potential tams of
I don't know. It's a very interesting
thing because I kind of come back to in
my mind I love the way you did this. I
love it. I I do believe Yeah. It does
create this asymmetric upside and this
we're just we're talking about it now
continuous reinvention.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; To seek out new potential markets and
and products. And then uh that last part
I love multiple shots on goal. I uh
Larry Goldberg said that this week too.
um that you know that's just sort of
like part of your lottery ticket
connectivity connective tissue because
what you're saying there is uh
Tesla can win multiple ways.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. And it doesn't have to win
like if if Optimus wins the way some
predicted
to win then robo taxi doesn't even
matter
which is funny way of thinking about it.
&gt;&gt; Just think about for Tesla for example
the supercharging network.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; You needed that for EV adoption to
expand. People needed to feel like they
could charge anywhere.
&gt;&gt; Yep. that created an optionality for
um you know future distributed inference
revenue. You've got you've got power
plant right there that you can you can
hook into. Those may even be little mini
data centers themselves at those
locations at some point.
&gt;&gt; Yep.
&gt;&gt; Uh you don't need the vehicles to show
up. You just put the the inference chips
right there on site.
&gt;&gt; Y
&gt;&gt; um so you know there's other things I'm
sure that that having that now gives
them an option to do something else with
that asset.
Um
and and you know how intentional that is
I don't know like for all these
companies I mean I think it's becoming
more intentional now they have to think
very strategically about their futures.
The other thing I would say about Tesla
Phil is that Tesla's taken the harder
path because Tesla is the one that
actually is manufacturing stuff
and that is a long slow laborious
pathway.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Now, you can say Nvidia, well,
they're not manufacturing it, but man,
they've done a good job of bringing
along all their partners.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; Like that is, as Jensen says, that's
that's the most complex supply chain in
the world. The the millions of parts
that go into those systems, it's
phenomenal what they've done. So, you
don't have to be vertically integrated
for it to work. Nvidia's showing that
you can do it with tens of thousands of
partners or however many that they have.
But Tesla's taken, I think, a harder,
more difficult
longer term path, but I think it might
solidify them in a way that these other
companies could only dream of.
&gt;&gt; Exactly. It solidifies them. It gives
them some permanency. It's like it's
harder to do. And if the markets that
they enter through the if the fruits of
the labor of that
are big, then it's really hard to get
into those businesses.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. you know because
like you know the path to space
incredibly
hard now that Elon effectively has done
it and is about to do it in the scale
out version of the same you know
Starship
then it makes it incredibly hard like I
mean Google has a paper on data centers
in space and anybody can find it online
and read it. Um, Amazon wants to go
there, but nobody can really go there
today unless they go through SpaceX.
&gt;&gt; Mhm.
&gt;&gt; And so
&gt;&gt; or make a massive long-term investment
that SpaceX has already been working on
for a couple of decades.
&gt;&gt; Yes. And and then along the way, not
just as you said, it's not just money
because, you know, money buys you
something, but it doesn't necessarily
buy buy you through all the insights in
the, you know, the the the human
insights that come from the minds of
people like Elon and the people he hired
to be fair, you know. Um, so in other
words, it comes back to Elon in many
ways because he had to hire these people
that
he had to provide the leadership and he
had to provide
other elements of the human mind of him
of of his human mind to to get through
all the difficult problems and
challenges uh to to get reusable
rockets, right? Extremely non-trivial
thing,
you know, and and and he's you had that
same door with robo taxi to to, you
know, to to
it's like we
We hear about oh Nvidia is going to come
in and you know for if they take too
long having said that it's like
the the realities of these businesses
part of the realities of these
businesses are that you you know you're
going through some very very hard doors.
So there there is no
to get physical products in the world,
you know, like like if you kind of like
separate the world into
um products that do stuff in the virtual
like
what Anthropic does or open AI or I mean
don't get me wrong, great businesses
uh because of the lack of that
infrastructure to a certain extent which
is the opposite argument
&gt;&gt; but it also makes them easier to pick
off.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; Like my personal view is that Open AI is
just going to end up like Netscape.
It just will be it'll we'll be looking
back at Open I open AI whether they go
public or not. It doesn't really matter.
Netscape went public. Um
that like Netscape was the darling for a
while and and Microsoft took them out
because it was just software and better
execution at the end of the day. there
was nothing. They didn't build anything
beyond that. And and Open AI, you know,
it's it's the only reality is do they
defend their intellectual property and
push that forward. And if other players
uh can get there too, then that's pretty
thin layer of defense. It's not the moat
that you want.
But cyber cab uh robo taxi
uh as it starts to scale
no one can catch that.
&gt;&gt; No.
&gt;&gt; Like it's imp it's I I think it's
practically impossible and and Whimo's
not going to achieve the proper escape
velocity. It's pretty clear to me. So
it's it's Tesla's to win or lose. And I
I I fully expect that they will win it.
And and when they do win it,
sorry, you know, and and by the way,
what I mean by that is then you build
yourself an autonomy stack and you know,
you say, "Oh, uh, great. I just built
myself an autonomy stack and I can
market and sell that to General Motors
of the world and so forth." And, you
know, it's not the Tesla solution, it's
my solution. And and they'll eat it up
and therefore, you know, you're wrong,
Phil. And I'd say, "Yeah, really?
What Tesla I think will do with robo
taxi is it will bring transportation as
a service
into our space and we will stop buying
cars.
&gt;&gt; That's right.
&gt;&gt; I mean not immediately. None of these
things are immediate, right? None of
these things like when people sometimes
criticize these kind of comments,
they're like it's, you know, oh it's not
going to happen tomorrow. No, it's not
going to happen tomorrow. But it also
happens faster than you think. It's like
slower than you think and faster. All of
a sudden it's all at once. And when
people realize that I mean there's going
to there is a there is a realization now
happening
that will cement in our brains as
obvious as
you know obvious as obvious can be that
we will not want to drive cars.
And then the next question is, well, if
we're not going to drive them, why do we
own them?
&gt;&gt; Well, exactly.
&gt;&gt; You know, what's the point?
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; So now you can build the world's best
autonomy. So now, so now that you moved
through this whole set of steps that you
think are there to achieve market
dominance, whether you're Nvidia or some
other autonomy stack, do you realize
that you're selling into businesses that
don't have products to I mean, you know,
you're offering technology to businesses
that don't have products to sell to the
the consumer because a consumer doesn't
want a vehicle anymore.
I don't see I don't see perhaps a
current generation. I always get the the
Gen Z I always get those things wrong so
I don't want to even mention them but I
was like like if you are less than 20
years old I don't see why
you would necessarily want to own a
vehicle.
&gt;&gt; Well for most people the experience of
buying a car is pretty terrible. You
never know if they're treating you well
and if you're getting a good price.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; And then of course you drive it off a
lot. It depreciates instantly,
&gt;&gt; right?
&gt;&gt; And then it depreciates rapidly after
that.
&gt;&gt; Yep.
&gt;&gt; More.
&gt;&gt; Um, if you could save money, if somebody
could save, call it $5,000 a year on
their transportation costs, the rational
economic decision is to do so,
&gt;&gt; assuming that the vehicles are just as
available as they would be if you own
one, which is what the challenge is
initially.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. It's just non, you know, so you've
got the the rational pure economic stuff
that is a heavy weight. I mean that's a
really big force but then you've got
these other intangibles
&gt;&gt; that
you know are like freedom you know just
this idea that one of the reasons that
you know when I when I was 17 18 it was
freedom
you know you get in a car oh frankly my
parents felt the same way in the 50s
when they were you know
&gt;&gt; in that age of vehicle
but there's you know as these as this
platform in the case of you know I'm
really talking robo taxi here not really
anything else but as this platform
becomes better there's variability in
form factors that can live on the
platform and there's more interactivity
to the platform so that you don't feel
as that it's confining you so you still
have that same elements of freedom uh
and then you have this sort of economic
unshacklness because you're not stuck to
these heavyweight monthly payments and
things that really are quite ridiculous.
Um,
so yeah, I mean that's
that's uh that's an interesting place to
be. Yeah.
&gt;&gt; The other beautiful thing too is is if
they do sell CyberCap to to individuals,
then you're turning a depreciate
depreciating asset of a vehicle into
something that's now an investment that
can actually make you money.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, it's crazy. That that's the other
big economic force that I think will
Yeah.
&gt;&gt; play out pretty rapidly because who who
wouldn't want
&gt;&gt; to put, you know, $5,000 dollars down on
a car and have that make multiples of
that every year.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. And then
&gt;&gt; that's that's an economic no-brainer if
there was one. If there ever was one.
&gt;&gt; And then when it's not moving, it's
sitting in some depot computing.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. This is all all the people that
think that real estate is the way to
invest money, you know, are going to see
another opportunity and suddenly realize
that that that's no longer appealing,
&gt;&gt; right?
&gt;&gt; Uh with the cyber cab, you may have to
clean it yourself, but that's sure
better than, you know, fixing somebody's
toilet in the middle of the night for
for a rental. You know, you talk about
comparing those kinds of things where
you you know, you own an asset and you
have to take care of it.
&gt;&gt; Yep.
&gt;&gt; Uh it's much easier than being a
shepherd on a farm. Yeah, just convert
&gt;&gt; make it easier on yourself. Just convert
today's Uber drivers to Uber to Uber
owners effectively, right? You know,
that's really that's that's another way
of making it making it simple. It's a
really interesting way you came at this.
&gt;&gt; Well, I I was just it was interesting to
me that we sort of both came at the same
conclusion through very different
avenues.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. You mentioned this earlier uh
about Jason uh the pod predicting
Starlink will become the largest
subscription product ever created.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. He wrote bigger than Windows,
Netflix and Spotify combined.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; Now, I agree with this, but I would
throw Optimus in here as as a candidate.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Me, too.
Um,
and by the way, I don't know about you,
but one of the surprise
upside surprise things that I heard in
the earnings call is that in a weird
way, Optimus is closer than I thought to
reality. Mhm.
&gt;&gt; Now, maybe some people would argue with
that because said a year ago or two
years ago that Optimus, you know, blah
blah blah, but in my opinion, Optimus is
a late 27 product and I think Elon in a
weird way brought it in. Um, now is it
going to meet that timeline? I don't
know. But, but, uh,
but it was interesting. Also, one other
piece of color he added to that was that
they kind of see it where we thought it
would start, which is in the
manufacturing space.
&gt;&gt; Mhm.
&gt;&gt; Kind of like what we call low skill
Optimus.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; You know, not Mr. Not CP3L and RTDT
combined.
&gt;&gt; Y
&gt;&gt; cuz I remember we had that conversation
where we were sort of sitting there
going where I've always struggled with
this notion of where Elon really want to
start this product. It needs high agency
and intelligence to get into that into
the home environment. You know, it needs
to be a walking talking human companion
at that level. If you dial it all the
way down, you say, well, put on a
manufacturing floor, it barely needs to
interact with anybody. It just needs
marching orders to do repetitive tasks
at low skill lowskilled repetitive
tasks. Uh, that's all where we thought
it would start. And he gave a hint that
that is where it's going to start.
&gt;&gt; Mhm. Um,
so
&gt;&gt; yeah.
Yeah, that's interesting. Um, and you
also said uh this on the Starlink Mini
on the battery.
Um, you said it runs, you found out it
ran for about four and a half hours.
&gt;&gt; Yes. I can't help but show do a show and
tell. So, the battery
&gt;&gt; anchor
uh forget it's at the right size. You
can take it on a plane. The weird thing
is you can pack two of them, put them on
a plane, too. Anyway, um this thing will
run this little guy, Starlink Mini, and
you can tell the size of it. It's about
the size of a MacBook.
&gt;&gt; Yeah,
&gt;&gt; effectively. And that's sitting on a
table in my backyard. And uh pretty much
when I boot it, it's online and
available in less than 5 minutes. First
thing it does is when you boot it, it
brings up the Wi-Fi cuz it's a Wi-Fi
device as well. And then immediately you
can connect to it from your phone.
&gt;&gt; Uh and then you wait for the service to
come up. And if you know where you're
putting it, you just um you just align
it properly yourself cuz like I know
that's the alignment that works. But if
you don't know, you go to a friend's
house and put it in their backyard, it
allows you to uh align it. And what I
found is uh
I get smoking download
uh you know 256 megabits per second on
that particular link. It's an
extraordinary technology. It is
absolutely
&gt;&gt; you know and and and it requires so much
to make it happen. It doesn't require
you know it requires 10,000 satellites
to make it an extraordinary technology.
meaning like this is great if you can
use it in a you know like imagine that
that they say well the service is
available just in Northern California or
just in the Austin area where you are or
something like that you be like okay but
this service is effectively available in
the middle of the Atlantic Ocean
&gt;&gt; and on a yeah and on a United plane when
they outfitted them all and every other
plane for that matter um you know I said
in one I think a previous podcast or
something I have a friend who lives on
sailing boat and he he's in New Zealand
today, but he was on Starlink and we
were on FaceTime several times between
between his route between um from New
Zealand to Fiji.
Um I mean, wow.
&gt;&gt; Incredible. It
&gt;&gt; it truly is incredible. and and
&gt;&gt; and the next step of course is you know
two things they're going to do here is
they're going to increase demonstrabably
the bandwidth of the service as a whole
with the nextG satellites
&gt;&gt; and then they're going to go direct to
cell and effectively
operate as cell towers in the sky
and
&gt;&gt; and direct to car and direct to robot
one day.
&gt;&gt; Exactly. The entire Optimus fleet will
be online because of Starlink. In other
words, whether it's very likely every
Optimus today
has a 5G chip and a Wi-Fi,
you know, in terms of its
um
Yeah, in terms of its com I mean, I
don't know whether it has Bluetooth, but
it certainly has Wi-Fi and a 5G chip.
&gt;&gt; Mhm. uh doesn't really need Starlink
native in in some future state because
5G is good enough to I mean our cars
have 5G chips right so
&gt;&gt; we're also hearing Phil that they're
planning on going direct to CERN
&gt;&gt; direct to CERN it'll facilitate easier
communications between the two of us
&gt;&gt; that also makes me better looking too by
the way
&gt;&gt; well my avatar is pretty good looking I
don't know about me but
&gt;&gt; well it improved mine too direct that's
fantastic
I love it.
&gt;&gt; There's new product ideas everywhere.
There's there's Jason Pams everywhere.
Direct to human. Direct to human, I
guess, is the way to say it. But I
haven't got a neurolink in my head yet.
But but my hair is ready for it. I don't
have to grow the hair back.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; See, extraordinary product.
&gt;&gt; That's right. Maybe they have to shrink
it a little bit, though. Just a little.
Well, that's that's that's why you can
just have the 5G chip variant. Yeah. And
maybe I can get a hat that's a a
Starlink mini mini.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, it's mini.
&gt;&gt; Uh, you are a creative one.
&gt;&gt; Well, it's all Grock. It's all Grock.
All All I have to do is have a kernel of
an idea and Grock executes it for me.
&gt;&gt; That's awesome. Well, that takes some
that takes some agency and initiative.
If people wonder, you know, what what
I'll do if I, you know, if I'm ever out
of work because the robots have taken
over, well, there's an example. I can
generate these ideas all day long.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Well, hopefully
&gt;&gt; eventually, I suppose Grock will just
read my mind and just I'll wake up in
the morning and it'll say, "Here you go,
sir. Here are the things that you're
likely to be thinking about today."
Uh, there's no shortage of ideas in my
brain either. I think most of them are
like direct discern.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; And we we can leave it at that.
&gt;&gt; On that note, yeah, again, thank thank
you, Phil. This has been great.
&gt;&gt; Thank you, too.
&gt;&gt; And um we'll see everybody in a couple
of weeks.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, indeed.