Channel:     munrolive
Title:       Cadillac Escalade IQ Interior Review: Does the Quality Match the Price?
URL:         https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Blb2pVkA8g4
Published:   2026-04-22 13:45 UTC
Fetched:     2026-04-22 14:00 UTC

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Welcome back to Monroe Live. So, we are
going to be continuing with our videos
with the Cadillac Escalade IQ. Now,
previously we did a video talking about
the exterior with Troy. And if you have
not been able to watch that, please do.
We go into indepth on some of the
components of the exterior and also the
physical parts that we were able to have
thanks to our partners with ATM1. Now
for this we will be focusing on the
interior. For me I am an interior person
and I have to admit that I am a Cadillac
fan. Now I'm trying to also be very very
critical even though I am a fan. I've
enjoyed and had a love for Cadillac ever
since I bought my first one
accidentally.
Many, many years ago, I was driving
around Flint, Michigan in a $300 Chevy
Cavalier when my grandmother asked if I
wanted to buy her car. And I knew she
drove a Buick and she was going to let
me make payments. I'm like, "Sure." Then
I went to her house and she said,
"Grandpa's just getting out of the
garage." I was kind of confused because
the Buick was right there in the
driveway. And then come to find out, I
was buying her garagecapped V8 Cadillac.
I had no idea that's what I was getting
when I went over to her home. And the
feeling of course being from Flint
driving back in in that big boat
Cadillac, I really really liked it. And
I like the story and the history of
Cadillac. But I try not to let the story
and the history play too much into my
like Cadillac today. I still want to
look at it with a very very critical eye
and say, is this living up to my
expectations? Now, in the past, Cadillac
had their own engines, their own
technology. They were the standard of
the world, so they were always first.
But with the Escalade, now the first one
was just basically a rebadged Yukon, and
then you had the Avalanche now turning
into an Escalade.
But this vehicle, the Escalade IQ, is
not a rebadged
pre-existing vehicle. This electric
Escalade is unique. It was the first.
So, I appreciate the fact that even
though the history of the Escalade was
based off of something else, this is its
own animal. Now again for my reviews for
the most part I don't want to get into
the technology and I don't want to get
too much into the hidden features. I
will leave that to others. When I'm
getting into a Cadillac I am expecting
luxury and comfort. That is what I want
to see. That is what I want to feel. I
know that I am paying a premium for
that. I am paying a premium for every
surface, everything that I touch and
feel. And I want to know, is this living
up to my expectation?
In many vehicles, I look at it based on
price point, and I want to say, are they
giving me what I expect at this dollar
amount? And if I find a $40,000 vehicle
that is really impressing me with some
features, I'm going to point those out.
But for the Cadillac, and for this
Cadillac, it is $150,000.
Now, a lot of that is in the drivetrain,
but it's also in the materials and in
the interior. And I want to point out
where they are impressing me, but also
some areas where I think that they
pulled back when they really didn't need
to. So, this top roll is a cut and sew
material that is a real live stitching.
It's a very thin foamed back material.
Now, when we look at this piece, it is
something that I would expect. I would
expect from Cadillac and I would expect
from $150,000.
But what I wouldn't expect, and on some
of the edges, I can point out the
stitching is uneven. It kind of walks.
It becomes wavy. Now, this right here,
I'm certain it will show up on camera.
This is actually a formation in the door
panel and it's kind of bumped in to cut
around the IP. But because of that, when
you look at it with the door open from a
side view, it just really makes it look
inconsistent.
I would have wanted this door panel to
be flat to give me that consistent line
rather than trying to hug the IP. um a
bespoked vehicle, a very handdone
vehicle,
you would not want as complex of a shape
in something that you can just directly
injection mold. And that is something
that I would expect if I know that the
care is being done in a hand-done
vehicle. I will accept a formation a
feature being different knowing that the
materials that are being provided to me
and the craftsmanship and the care
that's being provided to me is there.
And that type of an edge is something
that I would not expect and I would
don't really like it.
these interior trim panels. Now, this is
a panel that I had showed in our video
with Troy where we actually have a
overmolded component with an inmold
film. It's also cut to provide lighting.
Um, this is something that I would
expect. However, the wood grain, the
faux wood grain that's in that skin, I
don't like the high gloss materials with
wood grain. I want to feel the texture
of the wood. So, it's more popular now
to have an open grain wood texture. This
is very, very washed out. So, maybe it's
not as big of a problem, but I don't
like the high gloss of that type of a
feature. Now, we are only wrapped in
this upper portion of the door. The
bottom is still injection molded.
However, you'll notice that this
generous radius on this pocket, nothing
here is sharp. And when I'm dealing with
a very lowcost vehicle when this comes
out of the injection molding tool, this
has a very sharp parting line edge. This
vehicle addressed that. So they are not
creating that type of a condition. And
even though it is an injection moldable
plastic, the comfort and feel of having
that radius edge is of benefit. You'll
notice that the Cadillac crest is
integrated into the side of the
instrument panel. Now, as I've looked
around this vehicle, this is the only
spot that actually has the marletes.
Now, the marletes are those little ducks
that you see within the uh crest. The
marletes used to be on the crest in the
past, but for more of a simplified
design, they have gone off. And if he
shows some of the images from the other
badges through the vehicle, you'll see
that they are not there. But we do have
the historical Cadillac Crest Marlets
with inside of the instrument panel. I'm
expecting luxury when I'm entering my
vehicle. If this is something that I
just paid $150,000
for, I'm expecting an experience, my own
comfort, and I'm expecting a certain
look. Now, if you're looking at this
instrument panel, you'll see we have
that window to window, apillar to
apillar, very very linear, very very
cleanly laid out. That is more of a u
current uh modern styling. The air vent,
though, the air vent is not fully
integrated. You can see the individual
components, but it still has that full
side to side width. Um, making it look
like it's one big piece. My same
criticism with the faux wood grain here.
When I see wood grain, I kind of expect
more of an open pore wood. I want to
feel that texture. This is very, very
high gloss.
For me, I don't like the high gloss, but
I can see how one cleanability is great
on it. Looking at the wrapped material,
the entire lower of this IP is wrapped.
And you can see a stitch line. That is
one big seam. Now, uh, this interior is
not leather. I'm quite certain it is
not. We've worked with different
materials in the past.
We turn we use the phrase um artificial
leather. Now, well, artificial leather
meant PVC, polyvinyl chloride, and then
we went up to PUR, which was a little
bit nicer. And to my knowledge, Cadillac
has been investing in a siliconebased
material to be their artificial leather.
Now, the good thing about having this as
an artificial material is you can make a
sheet in a very, very long roll. That
long roll allows me to have a single
piece that is the full width. Whereas,
if this was made out of leather, it
would be very, very difficult to find a
leather hide that had nice, clean
leather to fit this size of a vehicle.
So, though it's not leather, and for me,
I like the comfort of leather more than
I like the comfort of artificial
material, I'm still comfortable with
that. Again, I think that it's more
important to have the wrapped surfaces
lower in vehicle rather than up high
because I'm going to touch this more.
I'm going to interface with this far
more than I'm going to interface up
here.
The screen and the center console area
is very, very clean. Now, we have some
chrome accents, but look at how the
chrome accents are being used. A single
straight line
circling the control knob and then
circling the cup holder. Now, if you
have a chrome part, you can just have a
flat chrome part. See the texture that
they put in here? The texture makes it
feel more like a piece of jewelry, but
yet that texture is actually free. Um,
that is in the injection mold tool. Um,
so it is cut as they are cutting the
tool. You can put this type of styling
into a vehicle without actually having
to invest a lot of money in a vehicle.
So the styling I think is also very
important. And when I've worked with
some of these car companies, they will
purposefully
make this part. Though they may have a
chrome piece in a $50,000 car, they
won't put in that detail. The part costs
the exact same amount, but it is the
detail that is making this more of a
premium vehicle. So, that's a way an OEM
can get away with charging more, but
actually not having to spend more.
So, this actually kind of gives you a
weird impression. See the handle? The
handle is in the center of the armrest.
But when this is closed and you're
looking at the lines, you kind of expect
the middle to be here, the middle of
this panel, the middle of this cavity,
but it's actually off to the side. So, I
think that it may have been designed by
two different types of people. Maybe
they wanted the linkage to be even side
to side, but I think this latch should
have been offset personally.
So, these seats, of course, heated and
cooled. It's $150,000. But this seat
also has massage features built into the
back. We're going to do a little bit of
a deeper review of this seat in a future
video. But if you look up at the
headrests, you'll see that these sides,
those are speakers. So, these headrests
have speakers for the driver and the
passenger integrated it right into them.
Now, the difficulty with that, have you
ever seen those people who claim on
internet videos that your headrests are
designed so you can slide them out and
bust out your window in case you are uh
going underwater? That's false. They are
not designed for that. Um, if they come
off, that's a great feature. But because
of the speakers, there's electrical
wiring that goes through those tubes.
These speakers cannot be taken out
without a lot of work. because of that,
they prevent you from being able to
slide them out. So, if you're going
through life expecting to be able to uh
use your headrest to bust out when
you're sinking in a pond, uh don't count
on it. Being in the second row of this
vehicle, you have nearly the same amount
of comfort as you do in the front row,
which means that this vehicle could
easily be a chauffeur driven vehicle,
kind of more of a limo black car
service. Um, it is quite comfortable.
However, there's something that I do
want to say, and it's about this seat
structure.
In my opinion, the worst design seats
are second row seats in a three row
vehicle. Now, why is that? The front row
seat structures when you come up with
that design, that structure can be
shared across every vehicle within a
platform. So, they put a lot of effort
into making the front row seat
structures very, very efficient. Now,
the problem with a second row seat in a
three row vehicle, there are very few
three row vehicles, which means once
they come up with a structure that
works, they ship it. There's hardly any
effort being put into that seat to
really make it efficient. And there's
something that I want to point out. Um,
if you look at this seat, look at the
plastic side shield.
You'll notice that grain, that texture,
how glossy it looks. It has very, very
sharp edges for its parting line. That
type of a side shield is basically the
exact same thing you would see in a
$30,000 vehicle. Um, even looking
between that and the front seat, I've
checked with the materials, there are
different types of injection molding
resin that are being used and a
different overall theme in the look and
the execution.
So, I would say that not a lot of work
was being put into that side shield.
More than likely, they took a shape in
CAD from another vehicle and just
modified it to fit. So, if this is a
chauffeur driven vehicle, if the owner
is actually back here rather than the
driver's seat, that is the type of
plastic that they are providing to the
owner. And I don't like it. I think that
that is something that they cheaped out
on. For $150,000 vehicle, I don't know
if that's enough. I might be the only
person in the world who notices, but it
bugs me.
This vehicle has integrated screens into
the seatback panels for the second row
occupants.
Personally,
I don't like them. Now, why don't I like
them? Many people will say, "Well, I
have kids and this is very, very
entertaining for my kids in the back
seat." Okay, you have kids. This is a
handle. As your kids are getting in and
out of the vehicle, this has a high
propensity for damage. Also, this is a
$150,000 vehicle. Let's say you want
this vehicle to be on the road for 10
years. All right.
The technology that was put into this
screen because it is bespoke to the
vehicle is all you're going to have for
10 years. Now, in the past, I have
designed vehicles with seatback video
screens. We try to have them be recessed
or flushed into the seatback to prevent
them from being handles, but when you do
that, you must limit the size of the
screen. Okay, so there's one problem.
Now, since this is now tied to the
technology of the day that it is
created,
it's harder to get updates. If we end up
having some sort of a higher definition
screen, you really can't have it for 10
years or the life of this vehicle. You
are stuck with that.
The cost since these are bespoke to this
vehicle. You're used to paying $500 to
$1,000 for an iPad, something like that,
which you can actually recycle or
replace fairly regularly. You are never
replacing the screen. And since it is
bespoked and unique to the vehicle, the
cost of these screens are easily five
times the cost of a consumer product
like an iPad. So, if I am now paying a
premium for this vehicle, I am paying
possibly the cost of three iPads for
every one of these that are in my
vehicle. Now, again, you have high
expectations for a $150,000 car. Those
front row seats have built-in massagers.
I have this video screen. However,
looking at the side of the second row
seat, you'll notice those manual
handles.
Trying to put a power seat function into
a second row seat like this can be
difficult, but we have seen it done on
several vehicles, all of them, less than
half this cost. Do would I expect manual
seats being provided in the second row
of $150,000 vehicle? I would say no.
Yes, it may be more difficult and more
cumbersome to turn these into a power
feature, but I do think that they are
worth it for this vehicle. So, a third
row. Now, I'm not going to try and climb
back there, but there is a fair amount
of room for the third row. The seat will
fold down, but it's much easier to climb
in between the two seats to get to the
third row. There's quite a bit of room
there. The storage bin on the side
panel. Now, we've seen several vehicles
that have a storage bin, but I think
that's unique that it is color matched
to the seats.
On all of the doors, the upper portion
is all color matched to the seats. In
the rear, that armrest is the only thing
that brings that color up.
So, the pillar trim in this vehicle,
plus the overhead, is an artificial
suede material. Artificial suede
materials are getting really expensive
um currently. I do a lot of aftermarket
stuff as well and man the cost is
through the roof. But through this roof
um you'll notice that it has a glass
roof. Now it is tinted. There is no sun
shade. It is not an opening glass roof.
It is just a solid glass roof. Again,
I'm looking at quality when I'm looking
at all of this stitching. I'm seeing
frayed threads through here. I don't
know if those show up on camera. So, I'm
questioning the quality of the thread
that was used of the sewing process
that's causing me to have these frayed
threads. But then I'm looking at how the
stitching wraps around this corner. As
it stretches around the corner, you'll
see how it's just opening up a lot.
This probably should have been sunk in a
little bit farther so that this stitch
is not so close to the edge causing it
to roll over the edge. Um, but if they
were to sink this down, they would have
had to take this surface and move it
down. So, it winds up being a big fight
of where these things actually need to
be.
So, yes, it is an SUV, but it is a three
row SUV, meaning that when the third row
is up, I don't have as deep of an area
to work with for storage. But you will
notice here I have controls to fold and
move the rear seats, allowing me to have
um full access to a complete storage
area without having to get in personally
fold all the seats. I can do everything
from back here. Now, in looking at this
again, I'm looking at quality.
Look at this corner. I'm wrapping around
the edge. I have piping which is dying
off. I have a sewn seam that is dying
off right in the corner. This is very,
very flat. This is nicely done. But
let's look at the other side.
They pulled in that material, but they
didn't get it quite right. Now, this is
the back of the seat. More likely, it
does not matter. But when I open this,
that is the first thing that I see. I
see an error. I see a problem.
This panel and this trunk area is
carpeted. It is not an edgefolded carpet
on some panels. You'll see here that
hardboard
has a raw cut edge that the carpet is
attached to. So when I'm looking in
here, I can visibly see that raw cut
edge and it's very inconsistent across
that surface. So this is fairly
inexpensive, though. This was done quite
nice. It's folded around the edges. It
just makes it start to look a little bit
cheap when I see that.
So, the third row seats are fully
powered. I have the ability to fold them
down and fold them back up. But my
second row seats, though they do have a
power release, they are mechanical. And
because of that, they will fold out of
the way.
I cannot put them back from my controls
back here. The third row,
I can fold them back up,
but I can do nothing with the second row
from this position.
So for a $150,000 vehicle now with any
electric vehicle of this size you would
expect $80 to $90,000
with the addition of these luxury
features with the screens that large
panoramic screen
I can see the necessity for the cost.
Now then, of course, you do pay a
premium for it saying Cadillac. Um, it
pretty much does have what I would
expect for that um cost, for that price
point. There are a couple individual
features that I wish were a little bit
better and I've we have seen vehicles
with a lower price point have more
attention to those other features, but I
think a lot of the cost is in the
technology. Um, and that is not
something that I want to get into for
the creature comforts and the luxury
feel, but it it is there. So, I very
much appreciate the fact of being able
to see this vehicle, to review this
vehicle, and we do have other videos
with the Cadillac Escalade with some of
the torn down components thanks to our
partners with ATMAC1 uh to be able to
see the before and after, the what, the
how, the why. We can really look at
those components. So, if you have not
been able to see any of those other
videos, please subscribe so that you can
see them when they come out and really
get an understanding of what was done
for the development of this vehicle.
Have a good day.