Channel:     cernbasher
Title:       Why Elon May Have To Merge Tesla And SpaceX
URL:         https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=T1039C0mYPQ
Published:   2026-05-09 11:00 UTC
Fetched:     2026-05-09 12:00 UTC

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

There is this absolute unbelievable
demand for AI is going to crash hard
into the supply constraint. Now I
estimate that 90% or greater of all
inference will basically be delivered to
earth via space.
&gt;&gt; If Tesla doubles and SpaceX triples,
then Tesla shareholders haven't gained
anything visav their share in a combined
company. The moon is going to be pretty
much a robotic industrialization place.
&gt;&gt; AI and automation and robotics are going
to drive down the cost of things. We
need to show that
&gt;&gt; we get ourselves to one terowatt in only
3 years and 100 terowatts in seven. One
terapab is not good enough. Leadership
lacks imagination. They don't know how
to grow their businesses with this
beautiful productivity tool.
&gt;&gt; I'm afraid that that is coming if we're
not here. We're playing with fire there.
Starlink will be expanded into multiple
other markets.
&gt;&gt; Both chips and power, both of them are
the enemy of this.
&gt;&gt; Hey Phil, welcome back.
&gt;&gt; Hello CERN. Little less than two weeks
this time, right?
&gt;&gt; A little bit less than two weeks. We uh
delayed our last show after the Tesla
earnings call, so we were a little less
than two weeks.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Glad nothing's happened. Once
again,
&gt;&gt; nothing's happened. But you know what?
You know what we're going to do today?
We're going to fight. I'm gonna fight.
Okay.
&gt;&gt; You and I are going to fight.
&gt;&gt; Oh, awesome.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. The topic today is Tesla versus
SpaceX.
&gt;&gt; I bought my SpaceX shirt.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. And I've got Well, I don't have a
Tesla shirt on. This is an XAI shirt.
&gt;&gt; Oh, you're losing the fight already,
&gt;&gt; I guess. So, I guess I'm already showing
I've I've changed sides, so
&gt;&gt; I think so. I love
&gt;&gt; I do like your jacket here. This is
pretty cool. Uh SpaceX jacket you got
going on there.
&gt;&gt; If you saw the number of Vans I have in
the closet, you'd see that I match all
that.
&gt;&gt; Nice. Yeah,
&gt;&gt; that's awesome. Let's do it.
&gt;&gt; Let's do it. Yeah. So, we have some
breaking news, I guess, today, right?
We've got this deal with SpaceX and
Anthropic,
&gt;&gt; and uh I'm curious about what you think
about this.
&gt;&gt; I predicted it.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. I mean, I I predicted in the
following uh following way, I I realized
that Anthropic was running into a um you
know, a a supply wall. It's been a theme
of mine for the last two weeks. Anyway,
independent of this talking about uh
supply for you know supply and compute
and Anthropic made some uh noise about I
think raising prices somewhere and uh
some issues and I was like wow you know
what I think these guys are in trouble.
I mean they they not in trouble but you
know it's like you can only get so much
I think their prime their chief uh
hosting partner is is Amazon AWS.
They're on Azure and I think they're on
Google Cloud as well. But uh yeah, it's
it's this this is an interesting
development for sure.
&gt;&gt; It's one of those things where you know
even though Elon and Dario may may not
have been best of friends, they have a
common enemy in Samman.
&gt;&gt; They sure do.
&gt;&gt; He might be a deserving enemy as well.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Yeah, I think so too.
&gt;&gt; I don't know. I think uh I think I think
think if you
there's that there's that part of it and
I think that's a strong part of it
honestly but but I think it makes a lot
of sense. I mean it what what we saw
Elon do here is build you know like in
other words he's going to go do this
coming off of the mess that open AI was
from his perspective about being being
open being a nonprofit
uh being a steward of good AI all the
things that he was concerned about or
wanted
and then he goes off and he says well
I'm going to go do the sex AAI thing and
what is the first movie he did I mean
you could say he started to build a
software team that's fine but he started
to scale the compute side and he picked
that site in Memphis and I think most of
us thought what the heck is he doing out
in Memphis
&gt;&gt; um you know maybe power is plentiful and
the uh
say the government local governments
there are aggressively looking for you
know tech in their neighborhood before
Yeah. I mean, and so so he built ahead
of that curve, you know, he he knew he
knows the scaling walls better than
anybody and uh got ahead.
&gt;&gt; Plenty of power, plenty of water, and
also right on the state line so that if
there's any trouble in one state, you
can just do it in the other.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, it's a piece of perfection, right?
Because like he's dragging power from
Mississippi across the state line
because he can't get the power directly.
I mean obviously he's got behind the
meter power in a pretty hard way there
but um it's all it's all the right move
for him to do that and to build you know
build something massive there way ahead
of the demand side and I think I think
you know he's built out Colossus 1 and
two and I think the way this is
structured is that Colossus 2 remains or
will be the site for XAI's work and
Colossus one will essentially be uh
dedic I mean given to dedicated to
anthropics
uh use cases um
&gt;&gt; and that has 220,000
uh Nvidia
&gt;&gt; GPUs H100s H200s
&gt;&gt; uh GB200s
&gt;&gt; yeah and you know I mean there's you
know you can look at the the one side of
the coin is that there was there's been
some reports of underutilization of the
resources Yeah,
&gt;&gt; this is, you know, a massive investment.
So, I think that it makes sense. But, I
mean, look,
&gt;&gt; Elon doesn't need to keep anthropic
there. I mean, I don't know how the
structure I don't know how the deal's
structured, but ultimately it's probably
got um,
you know, a lot of flexibility on his
side to move back in. But, you know, I
think the big signal here is something
completely different. You know, I think
the real reality is
um you know, this is what I spent
literally last week thinking about and
writing about is that there is this
absolute
unbelievable demand for AI
and it is crashing is going to crash
hard into the supply constraint.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; And that is both chips and power. I mean
both of them are the enemy of this of of
of this and ultimately all of the sudden
you know I mean two months ago we
probably wouldn't even said this but uh
orbital data center is making more and
more sense
and you know I estimate that 90% or
greater of all inference in you know I
don't care whether you want to call it
five or 10 years it doesn't really
matter will basically be delivered to
Earth via space. Period. End of story.
Like like data centers I think
terrestrial data centers I think will be
mostly dedicated to training AIs
because of you know basic coherence
trying to build a coherent computing
cluster basically trying to build a
supercomputer that operates as a single
unit. The the beauty of of inference is
that it's really a user's request. So by
doing it in space on distributed
distributed across millions satellites
all of a sudden um
uh that that becomes an amazing infant
center right
&gt;&gt; and that's the case where maybe the
smaller is better right you don't need
such a large facility in a smaller in
terms of each individual unit but larger
&gt;&gt; I mean Elon started with this idea that
we I say we because I feel like I feel
very much part of this whole thing you
know like the story but um that they
would start with uh 100 kilowatt satell
100 kilowatt uh satellites
and uh that would serve I don't know
let's call it 250 GPUs a piece um uh
whether you call them GPUs or not but
basically Tesla D3 style chips
&gt;&gt; y
&gt;&gt; uh roughly guessing that they're about
400 watts of draw per per chip you know
um and and you can scale and then you
can scale that out to you know a million
and that's not even a big number which
is you know the other part of the
reality of the thoughts I were thinking
this week is um do do you have that post
I could you jump to that post with the
little graph that I have
&gt;&gt; yeah actually we'll just get there in a
second thought
&gt;&gt; yeah that's fine
&gt;&gt; um and I'm sorry I'm not sure if I've
got the charts here in the right order
but we'll we'll get there but just on
the anthropic thing just to close on
that uh one thing that was interesting
is they expressed an interest in
partnering with uh SpaceX uh to develop,
you know, orbital uh compute capacity.
So, that's interesting as well. Another
partner at the table to bring some
capital.
&gt;&gt; Uh Anthropic, I guess, is going to have
their own uh IPO splash here at some
point.
&gt;&gt; They will raising a bunch of money. So,
we've got two powerhouses now joining
forces on that front.
&gt;&gt; I mean, I don't really know if they have
a choice other than to go through
SpaceX, but it's it's it's good to see.
I mean, this is a really
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; SpaceX is going to be such a powerhouse.
I mean,
&gt;&gt; oh my god. Right.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. By the way, do you see something
in this in this post that that catches
your attention? Besides the image.
&gt;&gt; Besides the image.
&gt;&gt; Mhm.
&gt;&gt; I'm sorry. No.
&gt;&gt; A new name for SpaceX. SpaceX AI.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Little little interesting. I
&gt;&gt; Yeah. doesn't roll off the tongue.
&gt;&gt; Well, I I'm wanting to put an extra X in
there. I want to say SpaceX X AI, but
it's XX AI.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, I guess I guess basically what's
happening here is X AI is being
dissolved and it is SpaceX AI. I would
prefer it be SpaceX space AI
&gt;&gt; as opposed to
Yeah, one word. But that's okay. But you
know what's really funny about this? I
keep thinking to myself, all things lead
back to X because
&gt;&gt; should SpaceX and Tesla combine.
Somebody asked, you know, what do you
think that'll be called? And I said, XC
Corp, of course.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; So, so
&gt;&gt; you can't keep adding more words onto
this name. Um, I wonder if this is a
possible ticker symbol. Either X, of
course, is a leading candidate, but it
could be S X AI could be the ticker.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, I think
&gt;&gt; I don't know if that's spoken for or
not. I think it'll just be X, right?
&gt;&gt; Probably.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Yeah.
&gt;&gt; It's It's It would definitely make sense
to get a single letter ticker. That's
That's a coveted symbol,
&gt;&gt; just like X.com, right?
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Yeah.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; And I think it's kind of fitting, too,
that the old US Steel uh X symbol gets
transferred to the new, you know, the
new industrial colossus.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. It's exactly It's It's very
fitting. It's It's very fitting because
it's actually
&gt;&gt; Yeah. direct analogy.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. It's cool.
&gt;&gt; Uh so let me see if I can find your your
slide here. I think you are referring to
this one.
&gt;&gt; Yes, I am.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. So this this links to a few
different posts and you know I kind of
wanted to just bring everybody quickly
through the math here. Um,
now I I know I'm going to sound for some
people I know I'm going to sound like
Captain Obvious. In other words, duh.
You know, we knew we were going here.
&gt;&gt; Other people, I think it'll be an eye
openener.
&gt;&gt; And in a weird way, sometimes things
that I already know when I build graph
like this become an eye openener as
well. You know, in other words, I can
start to see what's what's happening
here. So the way I looked at this
problem is I said okay when we started
we were in the CPU generation the 1980s
through 2000s uh we were growing
compute by 58% a year it's 1.5x per year
um and you know you can call that big
you can call it small in whatever you
want. Now the growth was basically two
things were happening. Uh the first
thing and and by the way you know it's
funny we measured everything in MIPS
millions of instructions per second you
know like as if that was a big number.
Um two things are happening. The
processes were processing more and there
were more processors consumed, right?
The personal computer revolution
happened and everybody had a personal
computer on their desktop or ultimately
a laptop
and you know this this was the growth of
that industry. Um, and so I said, you
know what? If you took
AI capacity today, which is planetwide
about 30 gawatt,
uh, you know, Elon has that in his
chart, the Terraab chart. I think he's
got 20, but my measure was 30. Who
cares? It's going to look like a small
number. And I said, okay, so imagine
that you grew that um to one terowatt.
Now, why one terowatt? Because
because Elon basically told us that
terowab terrafab is going to build 1
terowatt of compute capacity annually,
right? So consider it the target. So if
you were growing at 1.5x8x
per year, you'd hit you'd go from 30
gawatts to 1 terowatt in 7.7 years.
&gt;&gt; Mhm. And then let's look at the next
milestone, the 100 terowatt, you know,
go up two orders of magnitude. Why?
Well, because it's kind of found buried
in Elon's comp plan at SpaceX that he
would ultimately deliver 100 terowatts.
And that number seems astronomical and
crazy. And that would be on the basis of
growing at 1.58x
per year. That would take 17 years to
get there. So 2043.
But here's the thing. AI is growing much
much faster. You know, more than twice
the rate. It's growing at about 3.4x
per year. Um, and so now let's do the
math. With 3.4x,
we get ourselves to 1 terowatt in only 3
years. In only 3 years and 100 terowatts
in seven. Now, the caveat is that we
have to kind of add some efficiency
gains back into the equation. We can't
assume that there's no efficiency
happening. I'm not talking about
software efficiency. I'm talking about
hardware efficiency. So if we add what
I'm estimating as reasonable efficiency,
in other words, how the industry's been
operating, all this stuff is basically
how it's been operating, how it's been
operating, and that brings us up to a
terowatt in 4.3 years. In other words,
we get a little bit more time. We get a
little bit more time and 100 terowatts
in 10 years. So
&gt;&gt; on this chart, it's it's taking this
blue line and it's knocking it down to
this orange.
&gt;&gt; Exactly. That's exactly what's
happening. So the blue line is, you
know, raw demand as we're seeing it
growing at this 3.4x, which is exactly
where it's growing in the last couple
years. And uh and this is a by the way
the it's a logarithmic scale on the on
the so it makes it look a little flatter
than it really is. Um but then you can't
represent very much in the small portion
of that chart if you don't do it this
way.
&gt;&gt; Y
&gt;&gt; and then so I added efficiency in and so
I knocked that that down. And if we look
at the line sort of the you know pretend
that there's a full green line where the
where the dots are that's essentially
what's available
uh in supply you know and so we look at
it we see that you know and what I'm
talking about supply is what I did was I
looked at where Taiwan semi is
considering them the principal fab for
complex chips and and and I looked
completely at the complex chip market.
&gt;&gt; Yep. And and when I say that, I need you
it needs to be said that it also
includes chips that aren't directly AI
chips because that is part of what
they're building. Like, you know, you
can't take that away because it's taking
up floor space. So, if you said, well,
okay, what is that, Phil? Well, it's
practically all of Apple's business,
right? the the A chips and the M chips
for the for the for for the laptops, the
A chips for the iPhones that consumes a
lot of the complex chip business for
Taiwan semi. Now, they're growing like
crazy. They're growing as fast as they
think they should. I think that they are
always their growth is always measured
by the fact that there's always a boom
bust cycle
&gt;&gt; in in in semiconductors. And so, I think
they they're not as uh being as
aggressive as Elon, but that's the
bottom line. That's like where the
dotted line is. That's what So, in other
words, there's a huge gap, a huge gap
between what we need and what we're
producing. And that is why Elon has been
talking about Terraab. And I think we
all we get it in our brain. It's like
he's produc he's talking about Terrafab
because it's some insular Tesla thing.
You know, it relates to building Tesla
products and services. Okay, sure it
does. But but in in a way, it's filling
the larger demand gap. And so what I did
here was I layered terraab one terapab
this is the key point here that
production at exactly one terowatt per
year annualized the annualized basis and
that's kind of how it works. You can see
there's some ramp now. You can shift
that right if you want. You can shift,
you know, you can say, "Phil, you're
crazy. Terap's not coming online." Then
fine, move it out a year or two. And so
you you can see it's like, "Oh, wow. I
can see it's going to catch the orange
line."
&gt;&gt; Great. But then, of course, that's
&gt;&gt; one terapab. And all of a sudden, it
starts to teeter off again. And and and
why do you why do we care? Because we're
trying to get to ultimately 100
terowatts
&gt;&gt; of compute, right? Um,
&gt;&gt; why why is why is this green space here
not constant across this chart? Why why
does it seem to narrow?
&gt;&gt; Sorry, sorry. Show me what you're
pointing at.
&gt;&gt; The the the the terap ramps and you've
got this difference between the dotted
green line and the and the solid green
line.
&gt;&gt; And why does it
&gt;&gt; and it seems to narrow as we go out
here. What's what's happening there?
&gt;&gt; Yeah, because what what's what's
happening is we are it's only one
terapab. It's not 10 of them
&gt;&gt; and we need more.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; One terrafab is not good enough. So what
happens is we start to catch it
&gt;&gt; and then we start to teeter off because
all we're producing at the at the at the
terminus of this chart is one terowatt
of compute per year and demand is
growing like this and we're not going to
catch it. So
&gt;&gt; I guess it's the log the nature of this
log chart though. I guess this this
difference here is constant across this
chart. It's just that the log scale is
is shortening this over over as you move
up here I guess. Right.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. I think it's just
&gt;&gt; artifact of using a logarithmic scale
which sort of
&gt;&gt; necessary because I don't know how else
you you know if you just do this
linearly it doesn't look it looks weird.
It just sharply goes straight up stairs.
&gt;&gt; It looks like then you need to add a
terap you know every other year or
something like that.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Exactly. And guess what? That
ain't happening.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; On planet Earth. So guess where it's
going.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; You know, in other words, what I think
is
&gt;&gt; for the next 5 to 10 years, it's
terrestrial chip production. Past 10
years, it's probably the
industrialization of fabrication on the
moon,
you know. And I know that sounds like,
wow, that's a fantasy. You're out of
your mind. No, that's what's going to
happen. That is actually what is going
to happen because You know, we can't we
can't build this type of look, a terra
is
at a minimum a 100 square a 100 million
square foot facility.
&gt;&gt; Mhm.
&gt;&gt; It is
five Pentagons or two central parks. And
now try and imagine building two of them
or three of them or four of them. And
what did Elon just say it's going to
cost? I know there was a initial SpaceX
investment at I think it was like
&gt;&gt; 58 billion.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Yeah. I mean that's not I mean the
cost is still going to be up there but
you know you got to go somewhere to
produce these chips over the long haul.
And what's really crazy about all this
is I don't even think this is even close
to the further acceleration on demand.
&gt;&gt; Right.
&gt;&gt; So I actually don't even know what is
going to happen. And I mean obviously
the things come into line based on I
mean you can't demand something that you
can't supply. So things have to even
out. Now you can do your own math on
what that makes in the world valuable
but I'm just talking about consumer
demand for inference compute and and I'm
really talking about inference compute.
I mean you can basically take training
and put it you know in the small ball
area here.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; Uh because inference just is just us
using it. And so the question is you
know as we start to see we start today
we have use cases that like we we kind
of in some narrow sense we're generating
some image we're generating some video
we're doing a lot of LLM queries
and that's AI to the universe right we
haven't thought a lot about agentic
meaning nonhumans using AI you know AI
is using AI um or processes using AI to
to you know ultimately human might be
the the the recipient of the output, but
but it may not be invoking all the
processes. And we're not necessarily
computing, you know, real generative
stuff like the change over to where we
throw out our iPhones and start build
having generative devices or we don't
think of movies as things that we
produce for mass audience. We we produce
them for ourselves on demand.
uh or video games or maybe video games
and movies become sort of one thing at
some point. Um
&gt;&gt; it's like bringing dreams to life.
&gt;&gt; What's that?
&gt;&gt; It's like bringing dreams to life.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. It's it's it's
quite crazy where I think it's where
it's headed and and
&gt;&gt; it's only in a way it's and and you know
people would say, "Okay, wait a minute,
Phil. The reason you're completely wrong
is there's going to be these vast
software efficiencies."
And that's true. But guess what? During
the growth phase,
uh, from the 80s and the into the 2000s
of we'll call the CPU error, all those
things happened. You know, we got
efficiencies back.
&gt;&gt; Yep.
&gt;&gt; And whether they were software or
hardware and we still started to grow.
We still grew. And um, and this one just
seems much more exponential. You know
what I mean? It doesn't it just feels
so much bigger. And uh so I mean when
when I think
Elon doesn't even like he he broadcasts
these numbers and some people I think
go oh that's just him talking big shop.
That's what Elon does. He talks a big
game like as if you know only he
understands. Well in a weird way I think
this graph is in his brain and it's not
in a lot of other people's brains. It's
somewhere on the you know periphery. And
yet what does that what does that mean?
I mean, like companies like Taiwan Semi
are growing at a rate that isn't going
to catch the curve.
So, of course, we're going to do a
terapab. I mean, of course, he sees the
need for a ter tarap. Um, and maybe when
he started thinking about it, he was
just thinking about the gapping on, oh,
oh I'm I I'm going to have a
supply chip supply gap for Optimus and
for robo taxi or FSD, you know, for
vehicle autonomous vehicles. And and
just there alone, he has that gap. But
then of course he widened that story to
the idea that SpaceX would go off and
build this orbital data center and and
what has he said? He said about 80% of
these chips will go into space. The
truth is actually more will go into
space than 80% by far eventually you
know as as this thing goes. And by the
way the interesting thing about is you
know can can Elon build two terapabs?
You know maybe he could build two on
Earth, three on Earth. I don't know. I'm
not here to but but what I'd say is once
he figures out how to do it and once he
gets it going and I think it's going to
be hard but once that happens then all
of a sudden the answer is of course he
can you know because
&gt;&gt; being haste at that point
&gt;&gt; yeah he's not being held back by some
fundamental kind of uh barriers you know
uh outside of things we don't know about
you know
&gt;&gt; although I suppose the first terap on
earth is a challenge and then subsequent
ones are easier but then ultimately as
you said on the moon is where it needs
to be.
&gt;&gt; It seems like that's the place. I mean,
there's going to be a point where that
just opens up and it's obvious. I mean,
it's not, you know, it it's um the moon
is a robotic world for the most part. I
mean, it's not we we we keep thinking in
our brains, oh my god, you know, what
was the moon? Well, we're we're Artemis
program. We're bringing men back to the
moon with all of the problems, which are
all the life support systems for humans.
And yeah, we want humans there, but the
reality is the moon is going to be
pretty much a robotic
industrialization place. Um, and I mean
he's Elon is best positioned, well, one,
he's best positioned to get us there
because of this funny little company
called SpaceX. But the other reality is
he's best positioned to get us there
from a manufacturing and that
industrialization because my god, if you
think about it, what has he spent the
last 10 years at Tesla doing, you know,
and we're at this point with say a
product like Cyber Cab where essentially
there's no human in the loop
&gt;&gt; and he gets that. And then then he's got
this other beautiful little object
coming online called Optimus which fills
that gap completely. So now you can have
generalized labor. I mean as as we said
I think it was the last podcast it's
pretty clear that optimists will uh
outnumber
humans on
Mars or the moon by
orders of magnitude by sure for sure.
Yeah.
So that's cool.
&gt;&gt; So let's get back to the fight, Phil.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; Because you and I really need to dig
this out.
&gt;&gt; Okay.
&gt;&gt; Although I think we're probably on the
same side, but we'll we'll pretend.
&gt;&gt; We'll pretend. Okay.
&gt;&gt; So tell us about your your SpaceX versus
Tesla post here. Uh you really tried to
be provocative with this one.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Well, I was just um pissing at
people
&gt;&gt; because you're feeling feisty. You were
ready for the attack.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. I mean, you know, people that know
me know that that's kind of my the real
personality. It's not just this
engineering personality that you
&gt;&gt; serene engineering personality, but uh
&gt;&gt; yeah, I mean it's like I find it's
really interesting because you have a
group of people out there that say um
you know, oh uh
I don't know, it's just this whole thing
about people projecting their own
their own ways of doing things onto this
magician known as Elon. And then, you
know, it's like, "Oh my god, he's a
magician. He does things that none of us
can do." And then all of a sudden, it's
almost like the same group of people
saying, "Yeah, but he can't do these
things because I can't see how it's
possible,
&gt;&gt; right?"
&gt;&gt; And so, I just saw that as this weird
thing. It's like, look, he's not built
the way you are. He doesn't think the
way you think. He doesn't operate the
way you operate. And by the way, when he
finally puts out his thoughts, then
everybody says, what do they say? They
say, "Oh, that's obvious."
&gt;&gt; Well, they didn't say it a month before
he said it.
&gt;&gt; That's right.
&gt;&gt; You know, and they're like, I I had
someone complaining this week. It's
like, oh, you Tesla fanboys or, you
know, whatever Elon fanboys, you know,
you're always giving him credit for
this, that, or the other thing. And I'm
thinking, well, yeah, because he usually
does actually say it first. And when he
does say it first, it either becomes
this
magician aura or it becomes this
uh thing where people are like, "Oh,
come on." You know, you're he's crazy.
Why is he talking about, you know,
orbital data centers, he's just kicking
the can and blah blah blah. So, I felt
like, you know, if you look at if you
look at combining these two companies,
SpaceX and Tesla, and there's great
arguments for and I guess some arguments
against, I'm kind of more in the four
camp. I have a reason why I think that,
but there's this whole economic delusion
thing that Tesla investors are worried
about. And that's fair. Let's put that
in a box and say completely fair. And
they're shareholders. So, let them duke
it out. Let them duke it out. let them
say, let them be loud shareholders if
they want and say, "Hey, we're not
getting enough." Uh, I mean, they don't
know what the offer would be, but
they're assuming that somehow Elon is
getting rid of one of his children. You
know, he no longer likes one of his
children or something. And and by the
way, they think it's all in his hands.
Like, there isn't a board of directors
sitting there too that has, you know, a
duty to its shareholders. So, let those
shareholders be loud. But, you know,
&gt;&gt; and let's let's just touch on that
before you move on to the Elon delution
part, which is the topic of your post,
which I think is really interesting on
the economic dilution, just to correct a
couple things out there. I think a lot
of Tesla shareholders are saying, "Well,
we're on the cusp of robo taxi taking
off. We've been waiting all these
years."
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; And that's true. We we expect a big
value ramp because of that. And a lot of
people are fixated on what the price of
Tesla might be before they would merge
with with SpaceX. The important thing to
remember though is it's a relative price
situation. So if Tesla doubles and
SpaceX triples, then Tesla shareholders
haven't gained anything visav their
share in a combined company.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; So that that's a that's an important
thing to think about. It's not just
what's the price of Tesla. We're now
going to have SpaceX AI in the market
doing its thing. Um, of course, both of
them can go up, both of them can go
down, both of them can go up at
different rates. So anyway, that's
enough said on that. And of course, we
don't know anything yet about potential
merger terms, right?
&gt;&gt; So the economic part is kind of a mood
point at this point.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, I I think it's completely natural
that people would have this concern
because that's what shareholders always
do in any merger, right? They
&gt;&gt; they worry about I mean, that's why
they're here. They want to get paid for
the the value. Um but, you know, I was
just commenting really on Look, I'll
stay out of the weeds on that one. I'm
not going to pretend that I have your
brain on this or um I mean I have a I
have a dog in the fight, but but I just
look at what's going on with Elon and
I'm thinking it's deluded for him to
it's deludive to his energies.
&gt;&gt; Yes.
&gt;&gt; To sit between the fences of or you know
to to to argue between two children when
he could combine them. I mean to to have
you know which child do I both children
come to him and you know he's supposed
to deal with that and um and we know how
that goes if you have more than one
child and and uh you know nobody really
wins and everybody thinks they lost and
um sometimes sometimes you know so I
just feel like it's like you know I want
his mind focused on
the hard problems the engineering
problems the work ahead
not
making
this child happy when this child's, you
know, it just seems that's very dilutive
in
&gt;&gt; ways that um are by the way, those ways
are so taxing, too. That's the other
thing about it. It's like it's one thing
for Elon to walk into an AI5 chip
meeting on a Saturday, spend 5 hours
and have it be hard stuff, but to sit
there and
uh adjudicate this whole issue like
okay, you know, I saw people today said
SpaceX is going to be the primary
capital investor for build terraab and
people are like, well, what about us?
What happened to the and and I was like,
wow. you know, you know, that's not I
don't even think that we're even there
yet. And then I'm sure that Elon's read
52 of those posts and he's having some
back conversations we don't even know
about. And I'm thinking, God, wouldn't
it be cool if none of those things had
to happen and it was just
&gt;&gt; one big company? I think the other issue
of course for people that are into the
whole you know the value of the thing
which of course is if you're invested
that's really your maybe your prime
objective I would think um is you know
what's the value unlock when you have
these large companies and I think one of
the things I'd say is a lot of people
compare it to like General Electric and
I'm thinking well yeah but these are
General Electric was a conglomerate of
of rather unrelated businesses you know
you had
&gt;&gt; cat scans over here and big turbines
over here and the two didn't meet. And
there's a lot of different pieces within
these two companies that that meet and
collide and work off of each other on a
daily basis, especially since Elon is so
into the vertical integration of things.
I mean, where are we now? We have we
have Tesla's AI chip design team build a
chip chip team building the chips that
SpaceX is that SpaceX and Tesla are
going to produce in terapab. So the
intellectual property is part of Tesla,
you know, what value do you pay for the
intellectual property component of that
to shift it is if it's all SpaceX, what
if it's not all Oh my gosh, I you know,
&gt;&gt; oh, it's never ending complexity. Uh
everything that SpaceX is going to do
off planet, uh particularly building
infrastructure on the moon and
eventually Mars, it needs everything
that Tesla's done for that. And then of
course Starlink, Tesla can only benefit
from this global communication system.
Uh and and then of course uh AI, you
know, orbital data centers and inference
compute. Tesla only benefits from that
here on Earth. So they're so joined at
the hip now in terms of what they're
doing and where they're going.
&gt;&gt; Exactly. I think they're very joined at
the hip. I mean, I think there is some
rational thought to people worrying
about the value and lock of businesses.
you know, if you just spun out
energy from Tesla or you just spun out
Semi or, you know, but those things are
already part of this thing, you know,
and um
&gt;&gt; so I mean Google isn't one business.
Apple isn't exactly one business um and
most companies are. And so I mean it's
it's completely rational to think this
way. It's just I think I just don't want
people to get up every day and have this
argument. Like if you think about how to
assume let's assume that
there is some rational
value given to the Tesla shareholder
that makes them happy and we move past
that event and we get into this merger
event then when we wake up we talk about
what these companies are doing together
not about how they're supposed to
operate together.
&gt;&gt; That's right. And today, I mean, the
best proof of that is to watch people
talk about the whole, you know, who who
owns Terraab that we want to own it, but
we don't want to pay for it.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; Let somebody else pay for it.
&gt;&gt; Or or or we can't pay for it.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; I mean, you know, I mean, I mean, it's
not one of the reasons that I'm sorry to
say that this on this particular day,
this child is going to get more value,
right? And and and the other thing
that's interesting about the SpaceX
thing is people have a SpaceX is because
of it's it's being pushed out to IPO.
And
when that happens, there is an
incredible hype machine that is
uh is generating,
you know, value before the IPO. And
so we we think, oh, Tesla's not getting
the love because we see SpaceX is
getting the love. Well, it should be
because that's what's going to create
the most value in the next 2 or 3
months. Now, the other side of that coin
is
who is anybody to say that Tesla isn't
cooking hard on all its initiatives?
Like I, you know, just because we don't
hear something doesn't mean it's not
happening. And I I think that's a that's
a very funny thing. It's like we're
starting to see life in the robo taxi
business. We're starting to see movement
there. Maybe not as fast as everybody
wanted. But is this because Elon's not
paying attention to it? I don't think
so. I think you just got to let the
teams cook and do their thing.
&gt;&gt; And in fact, it's the opposite. When
Elon's not paying attention to
something, it means it's running very
smoothly and progressing as as desired.
&gt;&gt; Exactly. That he has talked about that.
And and by the way, again, this is an
issue as like I take I take uh saying
don't put yourself in Elon's shoes and
say, "Oh, he can't possibly spend
another Saturday over at Tesla dealing
with the FSD or Tesla AI team." Of
course he can. I mean, he's not you,
man. He's he's a very unique person.
He's got that he will we know that he
has said repetitively
I put my energies on things that have
you know that I have to break the
constraint I have a con I see a problem
you know it's not necessarily a team's
having problems although sometimes it
can be but it's usually limiting factors
things that are in the way and he puts
his energy on that thing and then okay
good I got AI5 out the door it's taped
out it's going the chip team is great
let them bring back samples and test
them and continue on that path. And if I
don't see it as a crisis, I'm on to the
next thing, you know, like, oh, is is
Tesla Semi ignored? No. Probably the
reason Tesla Semi did its thing is
because it was operating pretty darn
well, like once it went through a
redesign, we don't know all that that
happened, but but then it got into gear
and um or or not in the case of the
semi.
Yeah, we have to come up with new ways
of describing things, don't we?
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Right. I mean, we use weird funny
car analogies from the combustion engine
error.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; So, so talk a little bit about
Teraspace.
&gt;&gt; It's my uh my my my favorite article
that I've written I think since I
started writing. Maybe it's my 30th
article on stuff. But uh yeah, I mean
the whole idea the whole idea on
terospace is to
lay out what I think is effectively it's
like it's like Phil without presumption
is
channeling Elon's energy to write the
SpaceX master plan just like he did with
the Tesla master plans over the years.
And I'm trying to couch it in terms of
connectivity, compute, manufacturing,
and then just sort of the whole
encompassing energy equation. And I
think the the key starting point is
obviously SpaceX
is in the business of space, but I claim
that it's really in the business of
scale. Mhm.
&gt;&gt; And so, you know, we're talking about
like if we go back to the beginning of
this conversation, we're talking about
how do we get there?
Well, and what is there? Well, we've got
this problem with we don't have enough
compute to meet the demand.
Well, you know, where is that compute
going to reside? It's going to reside in
space where there's, you know, sort of
infinite scale for it to reside. Um, and
so I I I call the terace just kind of a
QT way of of of grabbing the terror term
until someone starts using the next unit
of measurement, I think. Um, and just
kind of couched it around that. And uh,
it's it's a it's a fun read. You know,
it's it's definitely
master plananish, meaning it's don't
don't don't get too excited and expect
hard numbers. This is not, you know, a
financial analysis of the businesses.
It's just sort of like where is Elon's
brain? Where is he going with this? And
I think the thing for me
is I wanted to write this article to
stop the kind of like I think SpaceX is
a bit misunderstood by the general
&gt;&gt; Mhm.
&gt;&gt; uh community. I don't mean just t just
Tesla community. I just mean in in
general. people are like okay I think
there's this thing called Starlink
there's satellites
uh
that are you know this constellation of
satellites there's a space business that
I see people getting launched into space
oh it seems like they launched their own
satellites I don't get it you know and
I'm like no no no no no you know um you
know they figured out why they need
satellites so they're launching them and
they've got that they've got that
business so it's it's a really fun read,
I think, and and I think when you come
away from it, you hopefully feel more
educated about the big picture of what
the company's trying to achieve.
Um, and and by the way, it does take a
bit of a,
you know, like what you have on the
screen here is it kind of circles back
on on various Tesla interconnects and I
think I wrote a a covering post on it a
couple weeks ago as well where I
explained what I thought the the Tesla
interconnects were. um back to SpaceX
and you know Optimus as a as an example
and of course Terraab itself.
&gt;&gt; Great. Yeah. So I encourage people to to
read read that. So Phil, it sounds like
you and I really then more agree than we
disagree. We're not really fighting so
much.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; But I was prepared. I I had Elon come in
and break it up.
&gt;&gt; Now what's funny is he showed up in a
Boring Company t-shirt. So maybe that's
where the greatest value is. Maybe we're
we're focused on the wrong thing. We're
going to need a lot of tunnels on the
moon and on Mars. Maybe maybe the
tunneling opportunity is the uh the true
uh you know market.
&gt;&gt; It's funny you brought this up. I just
saw my wife's in Nashville and I just
saw I sent her a post uh boarding
company has a
uh I don't know there's some uh I didn't
really read the details of it, but it's
like hey here's how we're going to
connect into downtown Nashville.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. And you can take an elevator right
from the Boring Company loop right up
into your apartment.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Isn't that cool?
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; Like people, are you getting it yet? Are
you getting it yet?
&gt;&gt; Are you getting it yet? You know, it uh
it it's it's uh it's pretty cool. Yeah.
&gt;&gt; So, the good news is that we're all one
big happy family again, Phil.
&gt;&gt; No, that's good.
&gt;&gt; Even though I tried to manufacture a
fight today, but we haven't haven't done
that.
&gt;&gt; I don't know what was what was what
would be the the best part of the other
side of the fight. I don't know. you
know, it's like,
&gt;&gt; well, the biggest part is the economic
side and Tesla shareholders feeling and
and I think rightly so. I' I've tried to
advocate a little bit for an opposite
view, but I I don't I mean, I feel for,
you know, the quote unquote
long-suffering Tesla shareholders who
have been waiting for years and years
&gt;&gt; for robo taxi promises to become real.
Uh, I feel their pain.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. They're on the cusp of
&gt;&gt; the value unlocked there. Yeah.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. But I also sort of want to give
perspective on in the sense that it's
Elon's job to maximize the long-term
value of Tesla
&gt;&gt; and maximize the long-term value of
SpaceX. And ultimately, if he feels that
the two companies interests are are
better together to maximize the
long-term value of both of them, then
then he should make the case for that
and and and you know, put the companies
together or at least at least, you know,
put it out there for a shareholder vote.
Yeah. And
&gt;&gt; obviously you have to be very thoughtful
about that because there's a lot of
Tesla shareholders right now that are
saying, "No, unless my stock doubles or
triples, I'm not even interested in this
conversation."
&gt;&gt; Yeah. I think I think I think um first
off, we know that Elon, as far as far as
I know, Elon has never said too much
about this merger.
Um he certainly isn't going to say it
right now in this particular quiet
period up to the IPO. So that's
&gt;&gt; right.
&gt;&gt; Not going to happen. I mean, he might
tweet about it the day after or
whatever. Um, but but you know, he
hasn't said much. And I agree with you.
You know, it's his job to sell that
merger if he thinks it's if and maybe
he's on the other side of this argument.
Maybe he doesn't want the merger. But
let's assume he does for sake of
argument. Everybody thinks it's a
foregone conclusion. So, it's his job.
It's his job. Let him sell it to the
shareholders. And that's right. if he
makes the case. Uh, you know, I have
this weird I mean, you know, I think
that
some people do feel like maybe, oh, uh,
what's going to happen this IPO? People
are going to sell other Tesla shares to
buy some SpaceX shares and get in on
that other child. And I actually don't
think I think it's the stronger the
stronger the sentiment towards the
merger is the more Tesla stock will
start increasing in price you know kind
of started to to lock step with with
with a pretend merger value or something
you know I don't know but uh I I think
it's just sort of like the musconomy
will will dawn on people and people say
how do I get a piece of the musconomy
and oh wait a minute if I get this piece
of the musconomy called Tesla, which I
can get into. If if if
SpaceX is too rich for my blood or my,
you know, my my bank account, um then
then uh then so be it. I'm sure that
maybe the merger will come and I'll be
rewarded, you know. So,
you know, I it's really funny because
imagine if
um imagine if Tesla was trading at $550.
I don't think we'd be having this
discussion.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. No, the the stock price matters
certainly.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; Um and a lot of people feel like they
are in the stock at a price, you know,
where it is now and they feel like they
haven't gotten any return on their
investment,
&gt;&gt; right?
&gt;&gt; And so there's a lot of shorter term
focus.
Um, one of the things I've rallied
against a little bit is this notion that
the longerterm shareholders are owed
something special that they need to get
this return on investment before they
can consider anything else.
&gt;&gt; Mhm.
&gt;&gt; But the harsh reality with investing in
any stock is the market doesn't care
whether you've owned the stock for 5
minutes or 5 years.
&gt;&gt; That's right. Yeah. Now, in e situation
where shareholders get to vote, well,
obviously those considerations matter.
But at the end of the day, you know,
it's it's from Elon's perspective at
least, it's where is the greatest
long-term value going to be created. Is
it in two separate companies or is it in
one?
&gt;&gt; I mean, the
&gt;&gt; and I think most investors would would
agree and see that that most likely the
greatest amount of value is going to be
created under one company umbrella.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, maybe. I mean, I think so. I I do.
You know, I think because I think it
just cleans it up and it makes it all
&gt;&gt; one sort of product lineage. It all kind
of comes together. It becomes clearer
and then Elon can not be diluted on
that. And so that's what you know, and
that's not necessarily a direct economic
argument, but it is one for the future
of the company, which is sort of what
you're what you're alluding to. Okay. I
think we think we beat that horse.
&gt;&gt; We did. Well, we have a a special guest
uh joining us today. And he is uh even
more uh handsome than we are.
Uh and even better even better in real
life. So,
&gt;&gt; look how he's dressed compared to how
we're dressed.
&gt;&gt; Oh, very sharp. Yeah, we're we're too
casual for
&gt;&gt; We don't know how it'll show up on the
call, but uh look at this.
&gt;&gt; I'm sure impeccably dressed.
&gt;&gt; Oh, well then I should go get my jacket.
Yeah, but let me introduce to you uh
Kenyon Wells.
&gt;&gt; Don't worry, I got the memo about the
black t-shirt, so
all good.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Well, well, Kenyon, I'll I'll let
you introduce yourself uh to Phil and
and our audience.
&gt;&gt; My name is Kenyon Wells. Uh I have been
a longtime Tesla investor and uh very
interested in a lot of the things that
you guys discuss. Uh known CERN for a
while. I have uh several decades of
enterprise IT and product development
and product support both on the making
delivering and selling side of things
and uh very engaged right now in both
what's going on in the market from a AI
perspective as well as a cyber security
perspective and uh when I was talking to
CERN was just throwing out some of my
crazy ideas and he invited me to the
show. Phil, it's excellent to meet you.
&gt;&gt; Nice to meet you as well.
&gt;&gt; I have watched several of your pieces
and read an awful lot of your stuff on X
and been great.
&gt;&gt; Oh, so you're the one.
&gt;&gt; There's more than one, Phil. There's
more than one.
&gt;&gt; Okay, good.
&gt;&gt; More than one fan out there of yours.
And yeah,
&gt;&gt; soon as I do my intro, there's a hiccup
in my mind.
&gt;&gt; Maybe the best place to start is is uh
Kenyon
uh three articles here in the last last
couple of days. Uh and Kenyon, if you
want to to speak to a couple of these,
let me just uh bring them up here. Uh by
the way, I put this together. I wanted
to put all three of us together here,
but you know, even in this version,
Kenyon is impeccably dressed.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; At least compared to me anyway.
&gt;&gt; Hey, I've got a button down on, so
&gt;&gt; yeah. Yeah.
Uh but Kenyon perhaps maybe you just
want to hit the highlights on on this
article.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. So um that I was referring to it
as the final countdown but really this
is highlighting how the 28 election is
going to be so impactful on AI and the
whole technology industry. And
unfortunately, the way things are
shaping up now, technology and AI and
especially data centers are becoming a
highly partisan issue. And that's a
problem for us. No matter how the
election goes, it is not going to allow
a
open honest discussion. It's going to be
very difficult to to plan and uh make
decisions uh all these big multi-year uh
planning processes about the future of
AI and and everything else. A lot of
it's going to come down to politics in
the end. So, I really believe that we
need to move this away from being a
partisan issue and the way to do that is
to make it popular with the voters. And
right now a lot of uh very smart people
have been telling these voters that
their jobs are going to go away. But
don't worry because everything's going
to be so cheap. You're going to so
cheap. Life is going to be better and
you're going to live thing, you know, in
this utopia in the future. I don't think
voters buy that. I don't think they're
going to buy that. And it just sounds
scary. So, I I really think what the
industry needs to do is focus in on
things that voters care about. And right
now, that's all about affordability.
And if we are always saying AI and
automation and robotics are going to
drive down the cost of things and uh
sort of a a positive deflation, if that
makes sense. We need to show that and I
think the industry really needs to show,
hey, we've saved you some money in your
groceries. We've saved you some money in
your cost of energy,
cost of housing, whatever. These are the
things that most of the voters are
struggling with. And being promised a
set of goods uh a decade out is not
going to garner their votes. Whereas a
ban on all data centers nationwide or
something like that.
&gt;&gt; I was going to say one thing s
&gt;&gt; in the previous part of our
conversation. Maybe this solves the
supply demand issue of chips.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Maybe not in the way that we would
prefer.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Exactly. Uh, Kenyon, you cut out a
little bit there towards the end, but I
I guess my question to you is, is this a
little bit like, you know, we're on the
path of building out the railway across
the country and we've gotten to, you
know, Ohio and people are saying, well,
we're not seeing the benefit of a cross
country railroad yet.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, very much like that. And even once
the track is completely laid, you know,
from coast to coast, until there are
trains, until those trains are carrying
people and and uh cargo and everything
else and are going on a regular basis,
you're not going to see the real
benefit. It's going to take some years.
But maybe if we can show that you can
get mail quicker from California to New
York or whatever. Uh some sort of
concrete
positive impact
&gt;&gt; on voters lives. Um so it's not just big
sci-fi speculation. And don't get me
wrong, I'm a big sci-fi fan. I think a
lot of the things that people are
talking about is fascinating. I'm very
into this uh this the details of the
industry and planning for the future,
etc. But I think the average American
citizen is very much in a a show me
state like I need to see the benefits.
And AI's
uh is its adoption is nowhere near as
strong as many members of the industry'
like to think. Um, and if you talk to
your elderly mother or your uh grumpy
uncle or whatever, you'll find most of
them barely can spell AI. They'll all
bring up the Terminator movies, but
other than that, they may not uh know as
much. And you know that's going to
change and evolve in time. But are they
going to learn about it because they're
seeing something positive and being
told, "Hey, we we're able to deliver you
this new service or this new capability
or this lower cost because of AI or are
they going to learn about it by someone
who's fear-mongering?" And
unfortunately, there are fearmongers
related to AI and to the coming future
both within the AI industry as well as
politicians,
&gt;&gt; right? And I think that's a big problem.
We're playing with fire there as far as
an industry overall.
&gt;&gt; So one of the things that you suggest
here is that um you using AI and supply
chain. So I was wondering if you can
speak to that a little bit. I know that
you've got a lot of u you know thoughts
and also expertise in that in that area.
So I wonder if you could share that that
with us.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. In addition to speaking to
logistics, I should probably be speaking
about the great service that Verizon is
delivering to my house.
There was a uh uh some form of accident
on the road outside and there were a
bunch of Verizon trucks pulling up
cables and I figure that's probably the
reason why I keep coming and going. So
my apologies. But on the logistics side,
look, every product, every good gets
moved from place to place. It gets
stored someplace. It has to be produced
someplace. All the supplies to create it
have to get moved and stored and then
delivered exactly on time. And then
things eventually have to make it all
the way to the store or the delivery
location depending on how you're gaining
that um good or service.
Transport and logistics uh impact
everything. And uh CERN, you've done
some outstanding work on robo trucking
and looking at how Tesla's uh new semi
and uh robo taxis and everything else
can really have a material impact both
on Tesla's business, but also the US
economy. And I I think we are all
collectively underestimating the value
of the full Tesla and maybe depending
your I listened to the last couple of
minutes of your previous conversation,
the overall Musconomy
uh sort of platform um or ecosystem
uh because being able to buy a robo
truck from one company and a robot from
another and the software to drive them
from another and power and charging from
another that's going to slow down
adoption and add additional cost.
Whereas if you're able to say, "Okay,
I'm going to buy your trucks because
they're the best and clearly they're
going to be the best uh uh product in
that in that category out there." As
soon as that company is also selling
robots and those uh androids can help
you stock the shelves, manage your
warehouse, and load the trucks. And I
gotta figure those are some of the
earliest use cases that are going to
apply
&gt;&gt; because they are both relatively easy to
train the bot to do and the the risks
associated with that particular use case
are very low.
&gt;&gt; So I mean you might they might drop a
box you know as opposed to your human
warehouse workers who've never dropped a
box. So, I suspect if you're a company,
whether you're a retail manufacturer,
shipper, whatever, you're going to want
to purchase, you know, both the the
transport itself, the trucks and
potentially some of the cars, as well as
the androids and other automation from
one company. And when they're both run
by the same operating system and you can
command both of them and you've got all
of that stuff fully integrated from the
get-go because it's coming from the same
company, that is going to be a
combination that is extremely difficult
to compete with. And I I think you'll
see that in a number of spaces anywhere
that it's not just autonomous vehicles
and not just box, not just clean energy,
but where you need two or three more of
those. Tesla's value proposition becomes
very very difficult to compete with and
I think the adoption will go very
quickly. But that is going to have very
quick impact on the cost of everything.
You know, you can drop the cost of
everything by a couple percentage
points. And if you look at some of the
uh groceries and stuff, especially um uh
fruits and vegetables and other
perishables, the cost of transport,
especially frozen transport or whatever,
is a huge part of the cost.
&gt;&gt; Right. Right. Of course it is. Yeah.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. And and if you get the same
androids that are either on the truck or
in your store, when the soon as the the
truck pulls up and the door opens up,
they know exactly what to pull out of
what crate and put where on what shelf
immediately and then they can either get
on the truck and leave again or if
they're your in storebought, you can you
continue to use them for other things
like the mess and aisle five or
whatever. Um it's I think that it's
going to make that the reduce the
friction
on acquiring and moving things and
storing things so much that that will be
one of the fastest paths to reducing
costs for the average consumer. So, it
sounds like what you're saying is
there's a bit of a threading the needle
here because
if you can show economic benefit
without economic pain
to the consumer, the potential voter,
uh you can make some headway on the use
cases, right? The further like
downstream stuff like eventually
Tesla Semi is going to drive itself. I
heard you saying economic benefit.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. So, what I was getting at is
sounds like we're trying to thread the
needle bit here and it's appropriate to
do so, which is that you need to show
economic benefit without economic pain.
And what I mean by threading the needle
is that the more parts of this ecosystem
were autonomous, the more fear of work
displacement. I mean like for example
the headline out of Tesla shouldn't be
Tesla Semi is great because it's going
to get rid of truck drivers.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; It should be more about this is a more
efficient platform to move goods and
services and then something tangible
that shows
you know XYZ company is reducing the
cost of of something that's
&gt;&gt; right and that's a perfect example
because there's an incredible shortage
of truck drivers. It's not just, oh,
we're going to eliminate the needs for
truck drivers. Maybe eventually you
will, but there's going to be a long
transition period. And right now, they
can't hire enough to get
&gt;&gt; so you're augmenting the current
workforce, allowing the current
workforce to do more. And that needs to
be the messaging. That needs to be how
&gt;&gt; uh these companies are both selling the
products as well as the companies that
are implementing them if they're
different, the ones that are buying it.
No more CEOs saying, "Hey, we're cutting
10% of the workforce due to AI." This is
a personal thing. Uh, and actually, I
should have started off by saying
everything I'm gonna say is my personal
opinion, not the not the opinion of my
company or anyone else. And none of this
is financial advice. Um, certainly
financial advice, not me. Um but uh no
more CEOs on uh earnings call saying
we're cutting 10% because of uh uh AI.
A significant cut to your salary is
showing either a failure in your
business or a failure of leadership.
And when I say a failure of your
business, maybe you can cut 10% with the
uh AI, robotics, automation, etc. Or you
can add all that and do 10% more and
grow your top line by more than Yep.
&gt;&gt; grow your bottom line by more than 10.
&gt;&gt; Do you remember the interview with
Jensen on this topic with Jim Kramer by
any chance?
&gt;&gt; Uh I don't remember that one. I quote,
but
&gt;&gt; yeah, Jim Kramer asked him the following
question. He said, you know, with AI Jim
Kramer's on CNBC. He asked, you know,
with AI, it seems like a lot of people
are talking about uh reducing something,
you know, taking away workers and and
shouldn't we be using AI to do more with
more with more, you know, and and Jensen
violently agreed with it and he said,
you know, Kramer asked him, why isn't
that the reality? And he said, because
leadership lacks imagination.
In other words, they don't know how to
grow their businesses with this
beautiful productivity tool. They just
know how to uh deal with the bottom
line, not the top line so much. And it
was an interesting point and I and I
think you know it's not there's not like
an easy grab there because you know you
don't lack of imagination isn't
something you instill in somebody by
snapping your fingers. But it is
important for I think for companies to
realize that there's more opportunity
&gt;&gt; y
&gt;&gt; with AI not just the opportunity to you
know remove workers from from some
some tasking whether they're white
collar or blue collar
&gt;&gt; I prefer in talking to clients or or
anyone else about AI it's not about cost
cutting it's about efficiency or the
ability to handle more scale and yes
efficiency can translate to cost
cutting, but it can also translate to
delivering the service faster.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; More of that service or good
&gt;&gt; um to reaching more markets, to selling
to new people.
&gt;&gt; And the companies that will thrive and
the individuals that will thrive are the
ones that look at AI as a tool to do
more,
&gt;&gt; not not to do less. And you know, we're
going to see who in the marketplace rise
and falls. That's the the joy of
American capitalism.
But I'm really concerned about how all
this is being messaged now by the
leaders, by all these CEOs, by the
media, and by everyone else because that
we're already seeing proposed bans on
data center construction, restrictions
on AI, um all you know, increased
liability for AI.
uh those things can be highly charged
and yet gain votes and if they gain
votes nationally that's a problem. It's
a big problem. It's a problem if one
particular state puts a ban in place. If
Maine succeeded in banning data centers
for for example that would be a problem
for Maine. But if it were a nationwide
bing ban it would be a problem for the
US. And I'm afraid that that is coming
if we're not careful.
&gt;&gt; I think it's important also to broaden
the perspective that it's not so much
AI is the is the is the point here. It's
&gt;&gt; it's about generally the economic engine
of technology because and and it just
happens to be that that is AI today and
that is the thing. But what you're
saying is it's can stunt the growth of
basically
us moving ahead technologically. Um AI
is just that particular tool of the day,
right?
&gt;&gt; Yep. And AI might be the biggest single
technological advancement we've seen,
but it certainly won't be the last. And
some of the later ones might be bigger.
We don't know.
&gt;&gt; We can't really see that far down the
road. The what's freaking everybody out
the most I think is the speed with which
this is happening and the confusion the
inability to keep up. Uh I'm a I'm a
technologist by heart by school by
decades of of doing this job. I can
barely keep up with what's going on in
AI. If this isn't your job, you're not
fully focused on it. You've got some
nineto-five job doing something else. It
all just sounds scary.
the the uh truths you were told last
year about what AI could and couldn't do
are no longer valid.
&gt;&gt; Even the names, the techniques, the
companies are totally different now. And
that is uh confusing to many people and
uh confused voters tend to vote um tend
to vote pretty conservatively, not
politically, but I mean as far as risk
averse,
&gt;&gt; right? So when we think about this 2028
timeline,
um you know, we have Tesla rolling out
robo taxi
and so they can make great strides
between now and November 2028.
&gt;&gt; Yep.
&gt;&gt; Um is that kind of the clearest pathway
in your mind to showing some wins for
the consumer? Focusing first on the
Musconomy, uh, robo taxis for the cost
of personal transport, potentially robo
taxis for home delivery on various
things, which is a huge market in of
itself,
&gt;&gt; especially if you get the last 50 ft
with a robot. Um,
also robot trucking that we've been
talking about from the semi.
&gt;&gt; Uh, increased reduced cost for energy.
Again, big part of the data center
problem is is the cost of electricity.
And while more and more companies are
saying, if I build the data center, I'm
going to provide the power one way or
another, in general, energy cost is
still too high. And the quickest path to
getting there is more batteries. So
Tesla energy right there. And you got
Starlink reducing the cost for telecom,
reducing the cost for internet access.
There's and it hasn't hit yet, but
Starlink will be expanded into multiple
other markets,
&gt;&gt; right?
&gt;&gt; And it will eliminate the need for many
other things, especially the Starlink
for cellular. How every uh American
citizen, one of their top 10 costs is
probably their cell bill.
&gt;&gt; Yes.
&gt;&gt; Um and their at home internet. These are
these are material things that the that
we already have solutions for that those
solutions are being scaled.
Can we bring them to the US citizenry
and can we highlight what is bringing
that so that they're connecting the dots
of oh my cost of cellular went down my
cost of my uh uh my food my dinner being
delivered went down. Uh those are all
connected to AI. Well, that's a that's
kind of a complex messaging. Um, uh, I
think it's highly possible, but
companies need
&gt;&gt; Starink is a necessary addition.
&gt;&gt; Very much so.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, we've lost him again.
&gt;&gt; If anybody at Starlink is watching,
please send Kenyon
&gt;&gt; one mini kit or one
&gt;&gt; residential kit.
Yeah, seems
&gt;&gt; Speaking of telecom, I was just saying
Starlink is gonna going to crush all the
current cell companies and Verizon shut
me off.
&gt;&gt; We were just Yes, they did that on
purpose. We were just in your absence.
We were just talking about how you need
a Starling.
&gt;&gt; I do. And uh trust me, I've already had
that conversation with my wife after the
this this most recent hiccup. The worst
part is even um since it's Verizon, I'm
getting my uh my FiOS by my by uh uh
wired internet.
&gt;&gt; Uh and when that goes down, everyone in
the neighborhood tries to use their
cell. So suddenly we get cell jams too.
&gt;&gt; Hotspot galore.
&gt;&gt; So link.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. So just in terms again just focus
on robo taxi for a minute. Um you know
some of the other things you talked
about right like autonomous trucking. I
don't think that's that's going to
happen much between now and 2028. It
seems like that's going to be, you know,
&gt;&gt; 50,000 a year. It's going to take a
while for them to ramp to that and
that's not going to have needle for
several years.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. And that's not even autonomous
version of semi. They're not they're not
quite there yet. I know that they're
testing it. Are they testing it at
enough scale to roll it out anytime
soon? Probably not.
&gt;&gt; I don't think they've sold enough of
them. I mean, Elon's great trick, one of
his great tricks is to get the people to
pay to be his testers, right? And uh
that we they're not that far yet. They
haven't they're only now beginning to
sell them at scale.
&gt;&gt; So on the robo taxi front then we we
appear to be on the cusp of being able
to roll that out. Tesla has opted for
the path of you know most caution that
they don't want to have any accidents if
they can. They don't want to have any
deaths where in reality in the
transportation world accidents and
deaths are just part of the equation and
the goal obviously is to try to minimize
them. Is Tesla being too cautious in
light of your concerns around 2028 and
what could happen with the election?
Should Tesla look to accelerate
deployment or so what are your thoughts
on that in terms of how they should
balance those two issues?
&gt;&gt; Well, as a shareholder, I would love
them to accelerate the deployment.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. but also as a long-term
shareholder, especially considering uh
the media's distaste with Tesla and many
of the
&gt;&gt; you
media and he gets shut off right away.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, exactly.
&gt;&gt; I was going to fill the gap here and say
that the other side of that coin of
course with
cy uh cyber cab is you know any accident
is an AI accident right?
&gt;&gt; Yeah. So it
&gt;&gt; yes, they should accelerate it, but I
don't have access to any of the data
they're seeing. And if they're if
they're really concerned that someone
would get killed, of course, they should
wait.
&gt;&gt; Yes.
&gt;&gt; But we've seen none of that. Uh the
incidents we have seen have been so
small.
Um I have to question if they're worried
that that the safety controls or
whatever they have in place now don't
scale for some reason. Um
I don't think safety is the problem
anymore.
&gt;&gt; I would hope not.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; Um
&gt;&gt; I think they're just dealing with the
long tale of operational related things,
&gt;&gt; but now uh they talked about the whole
fleet getting turned on one day and uh
we're we're should be almost there. Um I
I won't be really concerned concerned to
to answer your question directly in
unless at by the end of the year if this
we're still not uh fully rolling out.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; Um I suspect they're going to roll it
out geographically more than people
think. I think the uh triangle of the
three big uh uh Texas cities was the
perfect start where you can do both the
cities the cross city highway stuff as
well as all the suburbs all the way
around between that you that's a big
chunk of the second largest economy in
the US right and uh they would be able
to gain experience across every
different type of environment Um, by
doing that, I suspect they're they would
roll it out that way rather than the
handful per city that we're seeing so
far. We'll have to see how it goes. Um,
but I do think that Elon is in one of
the best positions to be able to
demonstrate the true value of automation
and AI
in the quickest way. there are other
companies. Um, and even if the
everything isn't in place,
some of those companies may choose to
reduce costs because they know their
costs are about to come down and maybe
they're not going to be the first ones
to roll out, you know, robo trucking or
whatever, but they know they're going to
do it next year and they think Pepsi is
going to do it this year,
&gt;&gt; so they better drop their prices now to
match. So you can see some of that
benefit before everything is fully
rolled out, but companies have to really
feel confident that it is about to be
there or
feel enough um friction in the
marketplace, threaten the in the
marketplace that they go ahead and uh
take that risk. So we we'll see we'll
see what happens.
&gt;&gt; Well, let's transition from that then to
uh wooden shoes and Dutch disease. Could
you share with us what you're talking
about here?
&gt;&gt; So, uh, most people aren't econ.
Um, but many many of you have probably
heard something about Dutch disease,
which is basically where you have one
industry
crowd out the other industries in your
economy. And it's called Dutch disease
because in the 60s uh in the Netherlands
they discovered natural gas and that
turned into this massive industry that
quickly um made the cost of doing
anything else in the Netherlands higher.
Um they couldn't get all the best people
to work in other industries because they
were all going where the money was. And
this has happened again and again in
resourcerich economies where they still
end up having a very uh uh consolidated
economy and a not very competitive
economy and eventually that means a poor
economy. Um, we're beginning to see that
here in this country with AI. now
different in that AI the AI industry at
least so far isn't crowding out from a
labor perspective and maybe isn't
crowding out from a transport
perspective and all these other things
that uh that that the traditional Dutch
disease uh uh would happen but it
absolutely is crowding out where
investment dollars are going
&gt;&gt; the attention the both the media and
potential investors and everything else
uh uh where people are focused and again
the fear, uncertainty and doubt around
where things are going to be. So, if
you're trying to start a company,
whether it's a restaurant or you're
going to build widgets or you're going
to build planes or whatever, now is not
a great time to start that company in
this country
because most of the investment dollars
are going to something related to AI.
getting investors even interested in
whatever your new business is is going
to be difficult because all the
investors want to talk about the latest
with AI and even if they're not
investing in AI now they're concerned
enough about what tomorrow will bring
that it makes it much more difficult
&gt;&gt; and just the sheer amount of money that
is being spent um on the data center
buildout and the the hyperscalers I mean
it's amazing
and it's should be wonderful because
we've privatized our national uh
infrastructure buildout. Um assuming it
works,
but we need to shift from this narrative
of the hyperscalers are all that matter
that the biggest companies are the only
ones that are are really going to thrive
in our new AI world. the the the the
metaphor that is thrown around a lot is
the uh gold rush one of the people who
really make the money are the sellers of
the picks and shovels. Well, that's
probably true up to now.
The Nvidias and others who provide that
um the the uh the tokens, the data
centers and all that and companies that
offer you equipment to promote that
buildout. up to now that is where the
money's really been spent. But that's
going to change and that's going to
change quickly. It'll be whatever
companies in any industry best leverage
AI and robotics are first to market with
that new way of doing things. And
investors need to go from just asking
all right well how much you spending on
AI to asking much more um targeted and
informed questions so that those
companies can be valued appropriately
where if a company is a year ahead of
all of its competitors in embracing AI
if they're going to be some of the first
to get the the first thousand robots
well that company deserves to be more
highly valued. that company deserves to
be rewarded in the market. That's only
going to happen if the analyst community
and retail investors start asking some
of the harder questions like how many of
your employees actually have access to
an enterprise AI license. How many of
them use it every day? What's the
average token burn per employee?
These are these are questions that I
don't think most of the analyst
community would even understand
necessarily what the questions are right
now, but they need to learn because
those are the kinds of metrics that will
show you which companies are going to be
successful and profitable next year. You
know the the good news is that because
AI is somewhat a horizontal technology
that there should be good you know in
other words it's a horizontal
productivity enhancer it doesn't favor
necessarily
one thing over another right now it
favors more white collar tasking because
that's where it can be I mean it doesn't
we're not in the robotic space yet you
know widely
&gt;&gt; yet Right. Yeah. So, so it seems to me
that there's great opportunity for lots
of other companies to use the product,
use the AI products to enhance their
productivity and and achieve greater
value. So, it it it should be a little
bit different than the Dutch problem,
right?
&gt;&gt; Yep. Yep. Um
it should be.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; But that isn't the way it's perceived
and that's not the way it's being rolled
out right now. Um it is a horizontal
capability that any company could
benefit from white collar blue collar
etc. But it's those companies that
realize that invest now are training
their people now and are changing their
business model and what services they're
offering with an eye to the future.
Those are the ones that are going to be
really successful. Um and unfortunately
back to the investment uh challenge, it
might be hard for many of those
companies to get the additional
investment to make the investments to be
better prepared in the future because so
much of the money is flowing straight to
the picks and shovel salesmen, right? To
the actual hyperscalers and a lot of the
value will be generated there. And you
know, the Teslas and the Googles and and
many others aren't just selling tokens.
They're now selling a lot of capability
on top of their platform, which is
great, and they're going to do
wonderfully well. But you look at uh how
much money is being invested there and
how much of that investment capital
they're taking and then turning into
fixed assets, data centers or or
whatever, that is sucking that money
away and that attention away. and some
of the best people away from all these
other industries across our economy. Our
economy is larger and more diverse than
the Netherlands was and more than most
of these countries that suffer from
Dutch disease, but we're seeing signs of
it. We're seeing trends. Um, and that is
uh concerning especially if no one is
looking at it holistically. Again, if if
we're if we're at the basic level of AI
is good or bad, then we're not looking
at the right things. So, how about this
question? You know, what we see today is
it's kind of coming back to what I said
a moment ago about AI's first
more productivity enhancing tool that's
behind the screen. it's not necessarily
manifesting in robotics and other things
with you know physical agency etc etc
right so what's interesting is as you
get companies just I mean like example
SpaceX you know you get companies that
are doing things that one of one of the
beautiful things about Tesla and SpaceX
as opposed to the hyperscalers is that
there's a lot of physicalness to the
whole thing and what that means is that
there's also a supply chain and there's
all these other people involved in the
economy to make those products or
services, right? It's not just something
like, okay, we bought GPUs from Nvidia,
we put them to work, we built this AI,
and it functions behind a screen. In the
case of like Optimus, if there's
something that happens with Optimus in a
big way, then there's this incredible
supply chain that explodes and then all
of a sudden people get a piece of this
that
are it's, you know, it's a little bit
more democratized across a larger group
of people because of the physical nature
of it.
&gt;&gt; Physical manufacturing, the build out of
the data centers, all that that does
share the wealth around uh a little bit.
Um
but is it perceived that way? Um and is
it perceived that way uh so much in the
marketplace? Again, I come back to the
voting issues. This is my first article.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; Um
&gt;&gt; if you've got an informed
leadership, political or corporate, that
is really looking holistically, all
these issues can be addressed. AI does
not need to be as scary as people are
are making it up. Yes, it's going to be
disruptive, but we faced lots of
disruptions before and we've always come
out well. Uh, and CERN has just raised
my third post. Um, this one on the
people side of things. Um, and I was
saying this a little bit earlier before,
but the utopian no one will need to work
stuff. Uh, no one believes that. At
least the average voter is not going to
believe that. Some people in the
technology uh space probably believe it,
but they if you're an average uh uh US
citizen and you aren't as experienced on
this stuff, you're going to be asking,
"Well, what are you getting out of from
me? What what am I paying in order to
have this wonderful future life? And
what would I do? And how would I
differentiate myself from anyone else?"
And doesn't that sound like communism?
because it does sound like communism,
but
the nobody will need to work anymore is
not the way to look at it. People will
still work. I have yet to meet anyone
who has gotten to know AI and mastered
it and then said, "Oh, I work half time
now because they are doing everything."
No, you end up doing more because you
can do more.
&gt;&gt; Right. That is the more with more
argument. Yeah. I I do suspect there
will be a social safety net that will be
higher than the one we have currently,
right?
&gt;&gt; We will be able to afford it. There will
be no no one needs to starve. Basic
medical care and all that. We can
absolutely get there. But the majority
of people are still going to work and
they're still going to want to work. And
as long as human nature remains the way
it is, and I it might change eventually,
but it's going to be a while, you're
still going to want to make more than
your brother-in-law or that annoying
neighbor down the street that you see at
the barbecue.
&gt;&gt; There's just that's just inherent in
human nature. You want to you want a
newer car than them or if we're no
longer driving cars, you want a newer
whatever.
&gt;&gt; Um that is the way people are. So, let's
&gt;&gt; back off on this utopian stuff that most
people won't buy and and focus back on.
Think of how much more you can do. How
much more you can do today. And I think
some of those areas where uh AI can now
help you do your taxes, better organize
your household, manage your personal
budget. Those are the kinds of things
that people will see and those are the
kinds of things that maybe it's not job
driven but if they start seeing real
benefits there then they can start
applying it in their job or at least
thinking about what the future holds.
And again uh I love many of the the big
brain people in our industry and how
much they're thinking 10 years ahead. Uh
I think we need to think about the next
three years and we can get through this.
It's not going to be that bad if we
identify what the real issues our
country and our society are facing and
then address them. And if the
government's going to address them,
fantastic. That's their job. The
government may not address all of them.
And then either companies or individuals
or other associations will need to step
in and uh address them.
though I don't think countries or
governments are going anywhere so I
suspect it will still need to be there.
&gt;&gt; We've talked about Kenyon sort of Tesla
and Roboaxi and their role in all this.
Share with us maybe what you think the
hyperscalers could do over the next 3
years to really bring the benefits of AI
to the masses. So the hyperscalers
um can do a lot. Um some of them touch
individual consumers more than others.
Certainly AWS um as a hyperscaler is
part of the bigger Amazon family. How
many households does Amazon touch? In my
case, every day considering all the
packages that get delivered here, but I
think most most households at least a
couple times a month, somehow Amazon is
touching them.
&gt;&gt; You see their trucks all the time.
&gt;&gt; And if their messaging shifted slightly
&gt;&gt; and they're like, we're implementing
this and what that is going to mean is
either their delivery is quicker or
we're reducing cost by this much or
whatever. That's one way. Google touches
an awful lot of consumers in another
way.
Apple touches an awful lot of consumers
in another way. But in every case, the
messaging should be more AI is a direct
benefit to you now in this coming year
and next year and it is reducing your
cost improving how much goodness and and
products and services or speed that
you're getting and we can do it now. And
I think all these companies have those
stories. they have that narrative
because I see me what many of these
companies are doing and implementing. I
I partner with many of them in the um my
my consulting role and uh they just need
to get to that point where they feel
more comfortable saying, "Hey, we're
implementing AI. It's not about cutting
jobs. It's about doing more.
&gt;&gt; It's about delivering better quality
goods, services, delivering them faster,
delivering them to more people,
delivering them in better places." And
that is not that different from the
messaging they've been doing up to now.
But it is a little slight tangent off of
uh how they're communicating things and
certainly in the in the investor space.
I know Cern you I'm sure both of you
listen to an awful lot of earnings
calls. Um so do I and uh the
conversation is always cut cost, cut
cost, cut cost, cut cost. And uh that
sounds scary.
&gt;&gt; Good point. Well, speaking of of cutting
Uh Phil wrote this post
uh about Tesla's ether loop in the
server cab.
&gt;&gt; I was reading it earlier today actually.
Phil.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. How do you like that for a
tangent, right? That was a good segway.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Wow. That's You just took a right
turn and tried to connect the dots
there, didn't you?
&gt;&gt; That's right. Just right turn in in the
cyber cab. The golden the golden car.
&gt;&gt; Um and and Phil, I'll let you talk about
this, but my uh joke on this was the
best wire is no wire. M
&gt;&gt; hundreds of pounds of wiring eliminated.
This guy carrying the wire away.
&gt;&gt; Anyway, Phil, perhaps perhaps you want
to fill us in a little bit and then
Kenya, I like your your reaction to it.
&gt;&gt; Well, it's it's a really cool thing. I
mean, this is what uh what we did at
Rivian as well. We did not not
specifically ether loop which is a
specific application of using Ethernet
in the car but uh essentially you know
at the physical level we're talking
about using one very small wire to
transmit a bunch of data and potentially
power around the car and eliminating
uh you know give or take 80 to 100
pounds of wires you know heavy expensive
wiring from a wiring harness. you know,
you ever seen a car kind of
disassembled, these tear downs, you see
these massive wiring harnesses and uh
&gt;&gt; shout out to Sandy Monroe.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, exactly. Uh good good tear downs
that it's done. Um and but the idea here
is really really different and it it is
that and and by the way I want to talk
about how it manifests in cyber which I
think is really quite awesome but uh you
know at the at the at the network
technology basically what we have is we
have kind of what's called a zonal
architecture right which means that
there's only a couple key higher level
computer elements on the wire that are
directly connected to this to this
Ethernet. Um and uh and all the rest of
the little things that hang off at door
controllers and window controllers and
all that, they're kept in the past,
literally in the past using uh what is
known as uh CAN interfaces.
And so they built this thing, Tesla
built this thing called Ethoop. And they
did they had a lot of different goals.
You know, one of it was let's reduce the
complexity of the wiring harness. Two,
let's reduce the cost of the vehicle. Uh
three, let's increase the reliability
and safety of the of the vehicle using
the specific implementation of it, which
is what they call Etherloop, which is
what the patent refers to in the in the
linked article. And um and by doing
that, you know, what you what you really
is like you're leaning forward from what
Legacy Auto did in the past with this
stuff to something that becomes uh this
beautiful little piece of wire that runs
around that that that that delivers you
effectively a robot, you know what I a
reliable robot which is is is ultimately
kind of its uh its destination. And
what's super interesting about Cyber Cab
is we have to think about how CyberCap
was developed here and why this becomes
a benefit to Cybercap specifically over
the other cars like the Model Y and the
Model 3. And I don't talk about it here,
but I mean in the article or in the in
the post, but I will say it here is that
CyberCab has developed as the with the
unbox process. What you've got is you
got major major assemblies that snap
together, okay, the vehicle. And the
cool part about that is when they snap
together at the wiring and power, it's
literally like two little connects that
that connect together at this point.
It's not all these wires that have And
by the way, if it was a wiring harness
now, you'd have to uh break the wiring
harness into these subasssemblies within
these major components and have a whole
bunch of connection points, you know,
like when you connected this component
to this. So think of cyberc cab as
possibly four only major components of
the vehicle then they kind of come
together at the last minute in
manufacturing. Well now all you've got
is really Ethernet and power that
connect and because it's zonal that
zonal architecture meaning that you
basically have compute surfaces in each
of the major assemblies. So you're just
connecting those things uh then fan out
to the little door controllers and seat
controllers and all those little things.
So, it's uh it's a big deal, you know,
and this kind of started years ago with
Tesla, but I think you can see
today and I specifically talking about
CyberCap is the the incredible payoff to
this benefit that this architecture that
that we're starting to see in this
product and certainly
um I think I think kind of probably
leaned forward on this most was was
Cyber Truck. you know, Cybertruck,
regardless of its ultimate sales and
stuff, was a lot of new tech that got in
that in that vehicle. It became, you
know, like 48 volt, for example, that
made its way into Cyber Gab, and I think
most of this architecture finds its way
into semi as well, right? So, uh, you
know, it's just it's where it's it's
where the industry should be. Um, and
uh, you know, Tesla's on the leading
edge and companies like Rivian have have
done a pretty good job at this as well.
&gt;&gt; So, you wanted me to respond, sir.
&gt;&gt; Oh, yeah. Sorry.
&gt;&gt; No, no. Uh, first off, other than the
fact that I get bad flashbacks from my
networking class from the early 90s when
I hear the word Ethernet. Other than
that, this is just a fantastic uh uh
thing. And what I find shocking is how
far behind the rest of the industry is.
Not just they've always traditionally
been behind, but how many years ago did
Elon, you know, when they rolled out the
the Cybertruck and he told them to
change their wattage and their wires and
everything else.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; And how many of them have done any of
it?
&gt;&gt; I I don't see them other than the
Chinese.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. uh which is
shocking. Um
&gt;&gt; you know part of this there's a reason I
think and I think the reason comes down
to
um the way Legacy puts together cars
versus the way it a fully vertically
integrated company like Tesla does.
Legacy buys major components from
suppliers and assembles those components
together. Okay. So they don't really
have the ability to build a new
softwaredefined architecture for the
vehicle because they're dealing with
systems that essentially exist in
certain ways aren't going to change
unless you insert massive NRE dollars
into these into these suppliers. They're
going to keep things the way they have
traditionally been. And so if you're not
willing to make that holistic
transitional investment, which none of
legacy is because legacy isn't built to
do it that way, they're built to just be
assemblers of of major supply chains,
then you're not going to get the benefit
of this.
&gt;&gt; Yep.
&gt;&gt; So it's really really hard for them to
take this point of view because they'd
say, "Well, wait a minute. What do we
need to do?" Oh, okay. What you need to
do is completely rearchitect the vehicle
and you need to completely uh rejigger
your entire supply chain and oh, by the
way, you'll get this benefit downstream.
And we know they just don't really
operate that way, right? So what they
effectively become is I don't know how
else to say it, but left behind, you
know, and and and there in my opinion
there is no path that I see for them to
catch up like none.
&gt;&gt; Unfortunately, I agree with you.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. No, I say it too in a way.
Unfortunately, I mean,
&gt;&gt; yeah. And and and I do want to to your
point,
um it's very hard for organizations in a
mature industry to suddenly reinvent
themselves.
&gt;&gt; Absolutely.
&gt;&gt; Almost almost no companies can do it.
And there's long list of of companies
that have have uh you know, the buggy
whip manufacturers and whatnot. their
industry changes and they're just not
ready for it and they go under and new
players come in. But finding a path
forward is leadership's job.
&gt;&gt; Well, that's
and they started this discussion several
years back. They none of this should be
a surprise to them and they've seen
Tesla do it at scale.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. And they should have bought a
cybert truck, torn it down themselves,
looked at how much the tech has changed,
and after they changed their underwear,
they can get to all right, we're going
to change a lot of things about our
business.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Yeah.
&gt;&gt; And that's that's management's
responsibility.
&gt;&gt; Well, guess what?
&gt;&gt; Guess what? It's it's poor leadership. I
will also say that those same leaders
were distracted by the big union
confrontation and then the after effects
with it. I mean that the timing of that
for that industry is pretty terrible.
&gt;&gt; But you know what's crazy about that
too? Um I mean outside of like looking
at unionization of suppliers, the
benefit to legacy could have always been
the story internally that we're going to
do more inhouse and build a bigger
workforce to do all these different
things. I mean, there's plenty of ways
to sell that and they aren't even just
complete sales pitches. They are I mean,
look at Elon isn't decided to lay off a
bunch of people because suddenly he's
doing these things. He's actually he's
starting to build a bigger piece of the
pie slowly
&gt;&gt; and uh ultimately we'll hire a lot more
people. So, in a way there's there's
there's a very salailable I mean the
problem to in a certain respect is it's
sort of the way things are done. I think
like a you know a friend of mine was
talking about uh that uh joined Rivian
when I was there. He was at McLaren
before that and he was talking to some
of his friends that worked at BMW and he
said, you know, and we were talking Ice
EV, ICE EV, that whole endless loop. And
he's saying, look, there are people that
have worked at BMW for 20, 25 years that
are intoking
out 1% more efficiency in the combustion
engine every every cycle, product cycle.
that is what they're going to go to
their retirement on. They're not gonna,
you know, they're not changing their
ways. So, you know, it's it's it's very
difficult to to make those changes, but
uh you just got to have the will to do
it. I mean, if you don't get into the
business of putting yourself out of
business, someone else is going to put
you out of business.
&gt;&gt; Yep. And you know, senior leaders at a
company, they're stewards both of their
uh shareholders dollars,
&gt;&gt; right? but also their employees.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; And it's their responsibility to try to
carve a new path. And I I could see
several of them try,
&gt;&gt; but it's amazing that I don't see any of
them have succeeded.
And that's going to be
really terrible. You know, it's it's
it's so um you know, my experience with
this is I when I was at Rivian, we
attempted to do some deals with
we attempted to do a deal with General
Motors,
a massive deal. Uh it was rejected
actually by Rivian because of the way it
would change Rivian's business. This is
before Rivian had product, you know,
selling. And then we did ultimately we
did do a deal with Ford and the idea was
to to you know kind of build a to use
the Rivian technology and to build a
skunk works team inside Ford to to
reimagine how they might build vehicles.
And uh in some interesting way that was
actually a pretty well- constructed
relationship but the end of the day
there's massive body reject. You know it
is it is like you're entering the system
as an unwanted virus when you do
something like this. and every
institutionalized thing that has
existed. And how do I know this? Well,
sitting in a room with a bunch of Ford
guys who were their cream of the crop.
And by the way, I'm not saying they're
not smart smart guys, okay? but they
came to bear with how they had proceeded
over the last 20 years of their career
to reach that moment and they're not
sitting in a place like Silicon Valley
you know and what one of the things that
like a company like Rivian did and of
course Tesla's its own unique thing
because it kind of started here I'm in
Silicon Valley started here and and just
sort of you know from the from the from
the mind of Elon is going to go that way
in in the case of Rivian Rivian actually
started in suburban Detroit. But it was
through the mind of the CEO again
leadership who specifically came to
Silicon Valley and said basically the
entire brain of this car is coming from
Silicon Valley, you know, and Detroit
the the Detroit ecosystem will
contribute to the the physicality of the
powertrain and so forth. And you know,
he was very clear in that and kept his
mind on that and built the teams out
here. and then ultimately would intimate
to us the teams that you know you guys
are the important part of this car. I
mean obviously it is a combined effort
and and you have to see it that way but
um you know it's just it's it's a very
different mindset and so trying for us
to work with these legacy autos
uh it's just you get them
how do I say it you get them hot and
bothered to the concept of what this
could be and and by the way a lot of
these employees get excited about it too
but then once it fans out unless there's
somebody at the top in leadership
pushing ing it like,
&gt;&gt; you know, with a sometimes carrot,
sometimes stick, but a heck of a lot of
stick.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; Um, you know, it just kind of it just
dies in the in the in the center of the
company.
&gt;&gt; Someone who's willing to break a few
eggs.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Absolutely. And it's and by the
way, of course, we all know it's easier
for a startup because there ain't no
eggs to really break. You know, you're
starting with breaking their eggs. So,
so, you know, it works better that way.
um or it the outcomes are easier because
there's less you know you know it's
funny it's it's a full circle
conversation here isn't it because when
you started you started talking about
the the political reject rejection the
body reject of potentially AI
&gt;&gt; and in a sense we're actually talking
about the same thing you know it
requires leadership to move the populace
forward to make them understand how this
benefits their lives over over the long
term and it's a long-term investment and
uh and outside of that, you know,
without that leadership and it and
sometimes it emerges with, you know,
some good politician, some, you know,
somebody from the Hill, but the Shining
Hill that is not the not the other one.
Um
&gt;&gt; I'm live just outside of Washington DC.
So that hill,
&gt;&gt; not that hill. Yeah.
But yeah. Yeah. I mean you get what I'm
saying is is that it it it require
ultimately for me it comes down to
leadership leadership leadership and
&gt;&gt; you know both sides of things whether
it's politics or it's or it's large
companies that need to change and I just
don't we don't really have too many
examples of large companies that have
done that pivot uh that are outside the
original um you know certain and I
talked about this is like one of the
things that's really cool is or one of
the things that's really beneficial is
try to invest in companies who are led
by their founders.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; You know, because those are the people
that
um I mean look at look at Elon. You
know, there's one of the one of the
issues with Elon we constantly see we
talk about is oh just when we are about
to arrive Elon pulls the carpet out and
starts some new big initiative, right?
Well, guess what folks? This is the the
reality. You know, Elon is is both
dictating reality and reacting to
reality. And so we can say, "Oh, we
should just stop here and he should
focus on advertising and making EVs take
over ICE and that's the business." Or he
can say, "No, that's not the business.
The real business is autonomy for
vehicles and and and ICE gets put to bed
anyway because of that, right?" Or the
real business is this for the company.
uh you know just go in on full autonomy
humanoid plus you know uh vehicle and
and and think of the vehicle as not
something that is a human-driven object,
right? And if when he pushes those
buttons and he says those things,
there's a lot of investors that are like
uncomfortable because they're like, "Oh,
wait a minute. We were just about to
arrive at the door
and now uhoh, we're on to this new
thing." Well, sometimes he's he's he's
bringing us there and we should be happy
that he is versus where you might sit
with legacy.
&gt;&gt; I can speak to uh the founder thing from
personal experience. I work at a large
IT consulting company called CGI and our
founder who founded the company in the
70s is still our chairman and is still
very actively engaged and that um
spirit soul whatever you want to say of
the organization is still there.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; And I think a lot of that is because
he's still so actively engaged. not all
of it. Um, but because of that, because
of that difference in this industry,
I've been at the company for more than
30 years and many of the people I work
with have been there for um, decades.
And that is rare in our industry. And I
give it right back to, you know, this
company is different. Just listen to the
founder.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. And it's not it's not just the
idea of a founder company, you know,
it's specifically a certain type of
founder, you know. I mean, now the good
news is
&gt;&gt; a transformational leader for
&gt;&gt; Yeah. I mean, you know, founders that
that give companies effectively large,
you know, ultimately large market caps
and reach escape velocity tend to be the
ones that we cherrypick here. Obviously,
founders who lead failed companies, we
don't see them anymore. So, it's it's
really not there. But, you know, it's
like look at look at what happened to
Google. Google,
I don't know, it was less than two years
ago. I can never get the numbers right
or the timelines right. Things are
moving so quickly. But, Google was like,
"Oh my god, it's going to be left behind
in AI." Yeah.
&gt;&gt; Um stuck in the advertising for URL
business, you know, where's it going?
And uh one or two of the I can't
remember, was it just Sergy or was it
one of the two or both of the founders
came back and sort of effectively
infused their demands again and
transformed the company. Um and that's a
pretty big deal. I mean that and I don't
think it could have happened
without their involvement. I find it
interesting that we started talking
about wiring and now we're we're talking
about leadership. Interesting how that
goes.
&gt;&gt; If I can make go sir, sorry if I can go
back to
&gt;&gt; to a wiring thing.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Um,
I think
many of the companies now planning on
building out androids and other forms of
robots are,
you know, going to be hit with the same,
you know, uh, punch in the face that the
automotive
companies have, uh, run into from Tesla
because of these experiences.
&gt;&gt; Yep. You know, if you look at how things
evolve from the Roadster to the S to the
X to the the three to the Y and then
Cybertruck was so radically different
and it was largely a technical or
technology demonstration platform. um
sold some and hopefully it'll sell more.
But uh everything sort of culminated
there and then the cyber cab cyber taxi
is even more. It's even taking all of
those things that you saw brute force
approach implemented in the cybert truck
elegantly implemented here. Now all of
that experience that ability to reduce
wiring and the connections and make
things easier to manufacture will all be
applied into Optimus.
&gt;&gt; Y
&gt;&gt; and the uh the need the companies never
had to reduce all this wiring cost
because weight didn't matter as much
until you went electric. Well, if it was
important to running electric cars, it's
going to be really important to these
robots that run uh, you know,
electrically and
&gt;&gt; smaller batteries.
&gt;&gt; They're all going to have to balance all
that weight on two feet.
&gt;&gt; Yep. Exactly. No, I mean it's since uh
we've always said that Tesla has you
know I think Elon's quite patient with
Optimus because he's basically trying to
infuse all this complete integration
vertical integration into this product
and you know that leads to capability
and manufacturability
which gives it the opportunity to really
scale. I mean it's actually both things
right you if you you have an amazing
capability then you get more horizontal
scale from from the bot as its brain
increases you know as you get you know
it's like yes this thing can do surgery
because it's not necessarily on V1 but
uh I used the wrong numbers there some
version of it u because it it has the
dexterity and the potentiality of having
the right brain but guess what we can
also scale it because we can manufacture
the hell out of these things.
&gt;&gt; Yep. And and I think the other part of
it is that because it's it's really
really different than auto. I mean auto
has a mature supply chain. If you go
back to that wiring article, one of the
things that's true is that there's all
these legacy components that are all on
this canvas, right? and they're all
figured out and people like if you look
at the some responses like well why
don't why doesn't Tesla just go and
vertically integrate those pieces and
it's like it's not worth their time
really because you know the window
controller is so generic like you can
get to it if you need to get to it if
you can come up with a way that's going
to save you 100 bucks a vehicle do it
otherwise forget about it just leave it
where it is um but uh you have a very
different problem with Optimus where
it's pretty much entirely new and so
there. You don't need to carry any
legacy with it, which is beneficial. But
the other side of that coin is that, you
know, everything's new. Everything's
new. And so, you're going to a supplier
and you're saying,
&gt;&gt; if you want to supply this thing, you
got to go make it for the first time.
It's not like pick it off a shelf and it
has a part number. So, yeah, it's a
different it's a different thing. And
hopefully if the demand is there, which
I think it'll be off the charts, then
then Tesla will have, you know, enormous
event uh advantage once it once it once
it gets to that scale.
&gt;&gt; Phil, is this is this Etherloop
technology going to be used for bots to
communicate with each other when they're
close to each other? Is that going to be
the
&gt;&gt; Oh, no. I don't think between them. No.
I mean, I think that's the function of
&gt;&gt; it's the internal circulatory system.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Yeah, it's
&gt;&gt; not not anything external when bots are
in close quarters.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, I actually I think I love the way
you just said that internal circulatory
system because it will be more about
interconnecting. I mean, they'll reuse
this. There's there's no doubt because
you'd want to use it. You'd want to
Okay, what would you want to do? You'd
want to use Ethernet for the for for
moving lots of data through this thing
between all its, you know, controlling
extremities, right? Let's imagine a
controller in the in the in the forearm
that is, you know, articulating all the
elements, right? Um, so you you'd want
you'd want to use Ethernet to connect
that, but you also um one of the one of
the pieces that Tesla did something
interesting here that they did this sort
of time division idea where every
controller
has a fixed address and it gets time on
the wire. In other words, it has a slot
at which it is allowed to transmit its
data and they're all synchronized. All
of them know about this. And the
advantage of that is it it it creates a
a great system reliability, right?
System reliability. It's super important
in in vehicle
uh because
he's coming and going here, isn't he?
&gt;&gt; Yeah. It's um it's super important in
vehicle because you know safety right
safety safety safety. But the second the
bot starts um carrying a child down the
stairs or doing surgery I think we'll
we'll feel this we'll feel the safety
thing you know right full front and
center again. Right.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; So
&gt;&gt; so what what's the main technology then
for uh bots to communicate with each
other when they're you know all in a
group in the same room for example?
Yeah, I I suspect that they'll just
apply that as a
a cloud interconnect. In other words,
you know, basically they'll communicate
through a a a synchronized sort of
intelligent fleet manager. We'll call it
a fleet manager in the cloud.
&gt;&gt; So, what what I've what I've said
repetitively is that Optimus will want
to be on the network, right? Yeah, it
will it will it will probably have Wi-Fi
inbuilding uh and probably 5G uh
ultimately connect through Starlink
mobile Starlink mobile um and uh you
know but uh it will communicate to some
sort of orchestration element in the
cloud and that orchestration element
will be able to manage it manage
subfleets. So if you had let's say you
had 300 distributed on a manufacturing
floor and then you could subdivide those
fleets. Obviously that's you you may be
leasing them. I don't know you know we
don't know the the business model here
but let's assume you're leasing them.
Tesla will say, "Well, they're on the
network." And they'll use part of our
fleet management thing. And you know,
you you get in there and you use that
tool to maybe organize how you break up
the workday across the fleet, but it's
also the way that they can coordinate
amongst themselves to know that they've
done things. It may be that sometimes
they work the way you and I work, which
is I talk to you or I communicate. you
know,
&gt;&gt; like like it's not out of the question
that there is a there is a point here
where they're just doing it the way we
do it as humans. Coordinate as we do as
humans, but the most likely reality is
that they're just silently communicating
through some cloud interconnect would be
the guess. I don't think they're doing I
don't think they'll be doing
peer-to-peer connectivity.
&gt;&gt; And that fleet management software goes
back to the logistics conversation I was
having earlier.
Having that software, whether it is
Grock or a different type of solution
that ties together, the automotive to
the robot,
&gt;&gt; means either one is in a much better
competitive position in their respective
market because now you can get them
both. They're pre-integrated. They work
together. They, you know, they talk to
each other. That
&gt;&gt; that's a huge benefit.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, I totally agree. I mean, it's like
just as you started talking about like
unloading the semi, right? And you're
like thinking about that, you're like,
"Okay, what does that mean?" Well, you
need to know where the semi is. The semi
needs to communicate what what load it's
carrying. Like what is the physic, you
know, like this is truck number six, you
know, we know what the manifest. We know
what's in there. We know what we know
what has to happen to the stuff that's
inside that thing. And maybe it has to
get pushed out to a bunch of cyber cabs
who then drive it down the street or
something, right? So, it's this whole
that's why that's why I led That's why I
led with the concept of fleet management
as opposed to calling it something else
because it it is managing these fleets
and subfleets of of robotic entities.
Some of them have wheels, some of them
have arms and legs. Yeah. And ju and
just following up on that, um the
Androids that load the truck,
either telling the truck or just the um
the the software in the cloud of this is
what each and individual box is in the
truck in what order and in what
placement and everything else. And as
soon as that truck backs up to its
destination, the the robots unloading it
know everything.
&gt;&gt; It's all there.
&gt;&gt; And that is going to be worth a lot. And
that is reoccurring subscription
services because yeah maybe you do buy
the bots, maybe you do buy the trucks,
but you're going to subscribe to that
orchestration layer to that management
layer and that is going to be incredibly
valuable to Tesla long term.
&gt;&gt; So is that is that like a Tesla one
software that's integrated in all the
companies? That's what we were talking
about Tesla one
&gt;&gt; and I don't know where Tesla 1 meets
Grock like all of that is but you know
they're working on it behind the scenes
first for their own use and then they're
going to sell it
&gt;&gt; as a service why wouldn't you
&gt;&gt; what's super interesting is that the
whole
operational side of robo taxi is highly
transmittable to these other problem
sets Right? Because you've got this
logistical movement of these objects
around and
&gt;&gt; if you start if you if you purpose them
for delivery and not just moving humans
but purposeful delivery then you solve
that problem. If you purp purpose that
software for more logistical reasons
inside semi you've solved that problem.
If you combine the two you know with a
humanoid in the loop um you've you've
solved that problem. So yeah, Tesla has
that opportunity to build really quite
an interesting ecosystem. Probably the
missing part in some ways is um maybe
some of the larger last mile delivery
which is like what Rivian does with the
uh delivery van for Amazon. You know,
it's like Tesla should want to be in
that business too at some scaled down
point. Um, I think that maybe they would
feel, oh, we can rather ignore it
because we could probably do this with
Cyber Cab in the in the short term, you
know, at some scale, but who knows?
&gt;&gt; I I think they'll get there. I think
that there's money to be made and uh,
you know,
&gt;&gt; efficiency to add into the economy.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. You know, what's what's
interesting is when we developed the
RPV, we called it RPV Rivian Prime Van,
but I don't know what they call it
today. um that uh it uh it's starting to
get what's super you know it's always
interesting these things it's like when
we started talking about it at Rivian
that's sort of how the deal got that was
the formation of the deal with Amazon
okay was you're going to build us this
special purpose delivery truck and you
can continue with your consumer business
without us being you know directly
involved go scale both businesses do
whatever you want but um and then there
was exclusivity on that on that prime
van eventually. Now you can go and buy
that. You know, if you're a plumber, you
can go buy one, right? I mean, you can
do what you want.
&gt;&gt; But, um, what's what's what's really
interesting was some of the early
discussions we had is how would you take
a fleet of these things, 200 of them.
So, so the way Amazon works is they have
a distribution where I'm talking to you
have distribution warehouse in your
super neighborhood. you know, you're and
and you know, there's 50 vans there and
they get loaded in the morning and they
go out and they do their route and they
usually do one route a day and that's
it, right? Um they might come back for a
early morning and afternoon route but
and then the question is like well how
do you charge these things at scale? You
know, you need some kind of
infrastructure when you bring them back.
You got to get them on charge and what's
the priority and so forth. And the good
news for for that last mile stuff is
those things aren't putting them on more
than 100 miles a day. And the good news
for EVs, unlike ice, is ICE does
terrible in city, right? We always have
a, you know, highway and city mileage in
the city is always terrible. Y
&gt;&gt; well, EVs do great under that. You know,
like stop and go is not a problem for an
EV. That's like, hey, that's a way I
save battery, right? So the good news
with that that last mile stuff was they
never really those things don't go more
than 100 miles a day. So that means that
the charge time is pretty limited
relative to what you might kind of
infrastructure you might need to be.
However, all that said, it is seeming to
be just today after being almost 2 years
in the business of of Rivian in that
business. I don't know if it's been too
bad. I think about two years pushing
those things out that they're starting
to scale that business now with Amazon.
That's awesome. That's awesome. I' I've
been wondering where that was.
&gt;&gt; CERN, I I I don't know how long this is
going to go and and uh I'm also worried
at some point that my uh cable will cut
out again. I I did want to say one one
personal thing. Well, first off, thank
you guys so much for for having me. I'
I've really enjoyed this conversation.
Hopefully have me back at some point.
But um if you notice a fair amount of
passion in my voice around AI and
robotics and everything else for me it's
not just hypothetical. It's not just
money. Uh your more eagleeyed viewers
might have noticed I'm missing a few
pieces and parts.
&gt;&gt; Um in the summer of 23 I made the poor
decision to pick a fight with the
flesh-eating bacteria. Something I do
not recommend anyone do. But uh these
days after an 8-month stint in the
hospital and finally getting out in
years of recovery, I've got chips in my
hand. I got chips in my feet. There's AI
for all these prosthetics that are
helping them uh adjust and improve. It
is still extraordinarily primitive
compared to where we need to be.
&gt;&gt; In order for me to be productive at work
and continue my job, I got to narrate
things. I have to interact with the
computer. AI is essential for me to live
my life.
&gt;&gt; Interesting.
&gt;&gt; And
it can be so much better for me and
people who face some of the issues I do
and many others if we can steer where
this industry is going in the right way
so that it is beneficial for as many
possible people and continues to evolve.
And then most of my conversation's been
very US- ccentric and I know you have an
international audience and I'm sorry
about that but it should be beneficial
to everyone everywhere
&gt;&gt; and I think we can get there.
&gt;&gt; So and by the way if anyone from
Neurolink is watching I have put in my
application when you get the robotic
limbs you can put whatever you want on
my head if I can feel my hand again.
&gt;&gt; Wow that would be amazing.
&gt;&gt; Well sorry that happened to you but it's
really you're you're absolutely right. I
mean, boy, what an what an opportunity
to have. I mean, just even if all the
agency pieces don't come back, guess
what? If you had a if you had an Optimus
in the house, how could it help you?
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; You know what I mean? like it's a
imagine I mean just we talk about the
same thing with like EVs um can all of a
sudden take an uh like a like a sorry an
autonomous EV like FS something that's
empowered with FSD all of a sudden can
take someone who can no longer drive you
know they're they're 80 years old they
can't drive anymore 85 years old uh and
all of a sudden boom they can go and
move around town again like like you
know completely completely, you know,
just the robots moving them around and
there you go. And that's cool, right? I
mean, that is really, really cool
because that's what causes people all
that problem is that they don't um
you know, they lose when they lose their
agency, they lose a lot of their their
their life spirit. So, it's it's a cool
tech for people.
&gt;&gt; It's amazing. And what Ken in there, I
think, said was um was awesome. I'm not
sure if we can top that. That's probably
a good good spot to close the show and
we've we've lost the connection with him
anyway. So
&gt;&gt; yeah,
&gt;&gt; Kenyon, if you can hear us, we
appreciate you coming on. We are excited
to have you back and uh to everyone
else, we'll see you in two weeks.