Channel:     brighterwithherbert
Title:       Grok's Missing One Thing (Then It's Over)
URL:         https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Y2wy_nc-RGo
Published:   2026-04-10 18:30 UTC
Fetched:     2026-04-10 19:00 UTC

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Okay, so Elon just said something that I
think most people, including a lot of
Tesla and SpaceX investors, haven't
really wrapped their heads around yet,
and it kind of changes the timeline for
everything. He said, "Pre-training a
massive AI model now takes about 2
months. But the newer, bigger ones,
we're talking 1 trillion and 1.5
trillion parameters. Those can be
trained in 2 to 5 weeks. And here's
what's interesting. XAI's Colossus data
centers are already running seven models
at the same time, scaling from one
trillion all the way up to 10 trillion
parameters. So, this isn't one model
slowly getting better. This is multiple
shots on goal happening at once in
parallel. That loop is getting tight,
real tight. And if you own Tesla, this
matters way more than you might think
because XAI's AI is what powers Grock
inside our Teslas. It's what runs
Digital Optimus. It's the reasoning
behind FSD. So, every time Xi's models
get better, and they're getting better
every few weeks now, Tesla's products
get smarter, too. And here's the thing.
Elon also admitted that Grock 4.2 is
still missing key training data. So, the
bottleneck right now isn't compute
anymore. It's the data, it's iteration
speed. So, think about what happens when
XAI closes that data gap while training
trillion parameter models in just weeks
while running seven of them at the same
time. The timeline for AI just got a lot
shorter. And that means the timeline for
Tesla just got shorter. Let me break it
all down with you. We got Larry Goldberg
joining us. He's a serial entrepreneur,
has been an active venture capital
investor for the last decade. Check out
his website at lumicenti.com.
Welcome, Larry.
&gt;&gt; Great to be here.
&gt;&gt; Okay, so this is your favorite topic.
Um, AI.
Uh, you were one of the early folks
testing man at the time. You tested
Claude, Opus, Grock. You've been
following this closely. So, um, this is
it. This is the comparison because the
the problem and I think it's even Elon
has openly admitted XAI is behind. They
fell behind but and you told me this
maybe two or three weeks ago you said
that yeah
um Anthropic is ahead and so is OpenAI
but you haven't seen anything yet
because it's all about size of data
center and of course the data. So tell
us what's going on here. You've got Elon
announcing this on his own uh separate
post by himself says SpaceX AI. I love
that he combined the two words now
together. SpaceX AI
&gt;&gt; Colossus 2. This is the second
supercomputer that XAI has which are the
largest supercomputers in the world. Now
has seven models in training. Okay,
seven models. You got imagine v2 which
is for image video. You have two
variants of one trillion parameters. I
don't know why. Two variants of it. Two
variants of 1.5 trillion, a 6 trillion
parameter and a 10 trillion parameter.
He said that we have some catching up to
do. Um this guy asked just curious about
how long does a training run for 10
trillion. How long will that take? He
said pre-training phase is 2 months.
And then this guy said, "Holy bro,
locked in. Don't count XA out just yet.
Please free us from the Dario verse,
sir. Dario is the CEO of Anthropic who
is the current leader in AI. Elon said,
"I never give up. Never." What's your
thoughts on that, Larry? Seven giant
models running at the same time.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. You know, when um when OpenAI
introduced 5.2, to I remember in a
conversation
chat um in a chat group somebody in the
chat group said wow have you seen open
AIS 5.2 too. I said, "Nah, they they
blew it."
&gt;&gt; And he kind of choked. How can you you
know, how can you say that? But it it
was a great disappointment.
But if you look at the And so, you know,
Claude was a runaway success. The the
the latest version of Claude has been a
runaway success and it's an extremely
powerful tool. It's it's really um
proved itself in not only in the coding
world but in very in in many spheres
and uh both a open AI and XAI
did not actually rise to the occasion.
Both of them had less than stellar
introductions.
Um Open AI even worse than Grock in my
judgment. Um, I think Grock still
remains the most accurate
um, in terms of research.
Um, and I think that that in terms of
research, it probably exceeds Claude's
capability. What it lacks is Claude's
polish in coding and in um, interaction
um, speed. And and these are two very
critical components. Anyway, the bottom
line is if you look at when Grock was
introduced compared to Claude and then
the older Open AI, Grock got got very
powerful very much faster than the other
two either of the other two even close.
I mean
&gt;&gt; yes
&gt;&gt; Grock in matter of a couple of weeks
started exceeding you know the frontier
models and it's definitely true that the
last release was disappointing compared
to the others not in it in and of
itself. So we're we're waiting with
baited breath these new releases and
there are there are some very big
releases amongst them.
The point we're going to see is that
there's going to be this constant, you
know,
&gt;&gt; leaprogging.
&gt;&gt; I wouldn't even call it leaprogging. I
would call it uh
uh leaprog is too too is too mild a
term. I would call it moon jumping. I
mean gigantic leaps each of you know
because you not only getting very much
larger parameters but you're getting
very much better um training techniques
and that's almost more important than
the number of parameters by the way. So
I think we're going to see an enormous
um revolution almost in the capability
of these models. I know everybody's very
excited about how far they've come and
so on and so forth, but I think we
haven't seen anything yet.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, that's your point. Yeah.
&gt;&gt; And and and and there's going to be a
lot of discovery taking place in
particular
with the ability to manage, manipulate,
and uh maintain memory.
And and that's very important because
you know knowledge is not just what you
have trained on. Knowledge is what you
can accumulate over time in a given
subject. and not having memory or the
ability to maintain um you know that ma
maintain the memory of what you've
actually generated is is an inhibition
that right now the science suffers from.
But we're rapidly overcoming many of
those um that issue by many techniques
and these techniques become very very
important in you know longunning
projects and most of our projects now
today are becoming longer and longer and
longer running in terms of having value.
So,
so we're going to see a lot changing and
less important is the number of
parameters.
It's not unimportant but it's now less
important relatively to some of the
techniques in terms of operation
operational management and operations
and that's very important in the cars as
well because efficiency in the use of
memory is going to be critical in the
use of gro or any AI in in vehicles with
limit
&gt;&gt; the edge device. Yeah. All right. So the
the reason I'm bringing this up is
there's two big big issues concerns that
I have. Right? So you've got an XAI Elon
is behind anthropic and open AI. He
admits it and one is uh of course it
it's important for us because this is
FSD. This is Grock's brain for the
robot. But also AGI whoever gets to AGI
first and it's not you know definition
of AGI. I'm just saying that there's
runaway. The one that is smartest
becomes even smarter smarter and faster
and harder for somebody who's behind to
catch up. Here's what uh Elon
&gt;&gt; I disagree with that by the way. I
disagree with that.
&gt;&gt; Grock started
years after open AI.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, but we now have recursive training
which is something that's new which is
the actual you know Opus 4.6 is being
used to actually train the next version.
&gt;&gt; Training is just Yeah. But it's just one
technique. It's not the it's not the end
state technique.
&gt;&gt; Yeah,
&gt;&gt; it is just one technique amongst many.
&gt;&gt; It definitely it definitely means that
you know the faster you go the faster
you get. There's no doubt about it.
&gt;&gt; But but we are going to discover many
many more techniques that are going to
be as important
&gt;&gt; a as we have at the moment. And that has
been true from the beginning of the
cycle. We're still early is what you're
saying and I agree with you there. I'm
just this is the point that Tesla
investors need to follow and watch and
understand what's actually going on. Um
this guy said XAI needs to deliver Grock
build to deliver us from Anthropic's
bowl because Anthropic is such a the
lead. Come on Gro kind of catch up. Elon
said working on it. Okay, so he's he's
uh thinking that they will be able to
catch up. This person asked, did you
know that Grock 4.2 is running on 500
billion parameters? Grock 5 is now
expected to get a much larger six
trillion parameter model and even bigger
10 trillion parameter model. So Grock 4
is really small and he said yeah Grock
4.2 is just half a trillion and it's
missing important training data. When
will you release 1 and 1.5 trillion
parameter models? In about 2 to 3 weeks
for 1 trillion and four to 5 weeks for
1.5 trillion. And then I think he did uh
put it in perspective though that that
it's actually um oh what happened to my
data point here? But that uh the others
I missed it but something like he said
um opus or sonnet is is like twice as
big as grock and then opus anthropics
opus is 10 times as big as dro so they
need to catch up at 500 billion they
have to get to you know one you know
five five trillion to catch up but then
they're going to go do 10 trillion
&gt;&gt; I think there may be an aspect to the
training data and where the training
data is coming from because you know X
while it's a unique um data set is
certainly not an exhaustive data set so
the question is data set as much as it
is parameter
so I think there's a lot of work to do I
I don't know what the total universe of
data is that they're using but it would
have to be much larger than just X
&gt;&gt; the other thing that he said though did
you catch that he said that um we didn't
have the right data. We didn't have the
right data for Grock.
&gt;&gt; Maybe that Yeah, maybe that's pointing
to this issue. That may be pointing to
this issue.
&gt;&gt; Here it is. Yeah. Here's what he said.
He goes, "Yeah, Grock 4.2 is just.5
trillion and is missing important data."
&gt;&gt; Trading data.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Yeah. Yeah.
It it may be true because I've seen it
being very good on analysis,
less good on historic uh references and
I do a lot of historic reference uh in
in my projects.
So yeah, I think there's some value
there's some value to that. There's a
lot of value to his statement obviously,
but I see I I can understand some of the
issues behind it. You know people talk
about uh internet slop you know the kind
of data you get on the internet but on
the other hand there is an huge amount
of very very important and valuable
data. So, first several questions,
Larry. Why is Colossus 2 running seven
models in training? And the reason I
asked that is that um like for example,
Anthropic has a new version that's about
to come out, right? They they're holding
it off still. It's supposed to be that
much better than Opus, which is already
the best out there. And what they've
discovered is that you have only a
certain amount of supercomputers space
data center uh tokens whatever or not
tokens parameters and so that you you
reserve you take it away from opus and
so they actually saw that opus became
dumber
and and then they're trying to reserve
it to train this new version. So if you
have seven models in training you
instead of doing that why not just go
with the big 10 trillion one and train
that what's their reasoning for seven
different model I can get imagine v2
which is vision is very critical for
Elon and and video is very critical so
he's doing that but the others why so
many smaller versions
different versions
&gt;&gt; well let let's take um let's take the
analysis of I don't know
medical images medical images have got
an enormous number of parameters. Could
be a trillion, could be one and a half
trillion and you want to train on that.
But on the other hand, there's, you
know, there's your 10 trillion model.
Why not simply include that? Well,
because when you actually want to do a
diagnosis, you really don't want to have
that other 8 12 trillion or 10 trillion
uh par uh tokens. you really want to
limit it to the one and a half trillion
or the one trillion or half a trillion
tokens. So, so there's specialization
involved. It could be one reason. I I
don't I don't know the in internals of
it, but I do know that
when I'm training proprietary models on
proprietary data, um that sometimes it's
helpful to have less
overhead if you like or or less
parameters and just concentrate on the
focus that I have. So you need a very
you need a very large number of
parameters to understand language in
general.
But the the the the growth of parameters
the unfettered growth of parameters may
not be helpful in a specialized context.
So
I think that's the only thing I can
point to. The other thing is a
specialized context also the efficiency
uh in that context is going to deter
going to be determined by how few
parameters you have that's focused on
your specialty as opposed to the other
&gt;&gt; yeah that explains it I think yeah I
think so the 10 trillion is probably the
general super intelligence thing but
then the others are very probably he
didn't explain but you know this could
be FSD this one could be medical imaging
it could be something another one could
be coding Okay. Yeah. I I'm you know it
it's very hard for me to see that
uh SpaceX AI Colossus is training unless
they've folded Coloss Unless they folded
their supercomput at Tesla into the
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; into X AI and that's the way they put
the two billion into XAI. That's more
than a possibility.
&gt;&gt; I don't think so, but it could be. Yeah,
I think you're right that the uh Cortex,
which is Tesla's supercomputers, they're
focused on FSD and then eventually the
bigger one will be for brains of
Optimus. But the the the the connection
is that those are about video and uh
this is also about video and that's
where their connection is. So maybe
there's that you know learnings from
here putting to here or vice versa just
connect them all together for video
training.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Yeah. I look it's very hard to see
internally what's happening and there
specializations you know within video
there's a whole degree there's degree of
specializations I talked about medical
of imaging being a specialization there
are many subsp specialties as well and
whether you incorporate those in the 10
trillion or whether you limit them I
we're not getting any
um insight into any of this. But what's
interesting is that the latest Claude
release is being released in limited um
in a limited release to the major um to
the
the major um com you know data center
uh owners in order to test
for um bugs in software. Yes, I saw that
&gt;&gt; that could be exploited, you know. So,
they're looking at exploitations
because they're scared to make a major
release of them or or an a wide release
of them to get in the hands of those who
would use those exploit would discover
and use those exploitations for
nefarious reasons. So you can take that
to a broader you can take the broader
considerations of that that you know
some of the knowledge or some of the
capabilities that would be provided in a
very powerful model could be used for
nefarious purposes quite apart from you
know exploiting code exploits and so you
have to be a little cautious about that.
So that's another reason for
specialization. we're getting into some
pretty crazy situations with the the
level of of intelligence that we're able
to put into these models. That gives you
some pause about what happens with super
intelligence.
&gt;&gt; Scary. So, I think it's fair to say
today that Enthropic and um Claude Code
and
OpenAI's codeex are the leaders in
coding. But it's also fair to say that
right now Grock is the leader in video
and Elon spent a lot of time the last
two weeks, three weeks um emphasizing
that video is more important. He thinks
it is. It's his approach. It's different
than everyone else cuz number one, he's
the only one that has access to real
world video. But two, he believes that
physics physics aware uh context aware
physics accurate context aware video is
physical embodiment of AI. That's what's
going to get to even smarter AI
and that's his angle. And then the other
angle is the larger the better. And he's
got this the super biggest the biggest
supercomputers. And so the only data he
has that has advantage over the everyone
that no one else has access to is video.
He also has access to X data which is
real time data. But then he says that
there's still some data he's missing
versus the others. They won't be able to
get real-time videos as easily as Tesla
has. and they won't be able to get the
real time exod data that the others
don't have and everyone else shares the
same kind of data. So is it fair to say
yeah that makes sense that okay they're
behind today but you can see that Tesla
and Elon only has has access to very
specific data that no one else does that
is even more important. I mean that's
what I was trying to that's the point I
was trying to make a little bit earlier
about the data access and the limit
where you know what what has X limited
itself to or X AI have they just limited
themselves to X have they gone broader
and what are their sources that are
broader I mean if I were going to train
something I would just take Wolffra's
Wool of Wolffra's publications and stuff
it in there because I I mean, it's some
of the most basic physics and and well,
math that we have. So
it's hard, you know, it's so hard to
actually see in I I have to say that,
you know, in my historical analysis, and
I use all three of them of the frontier
models that we're talking about, um, and
I use them quite broadly, I just find
Grock to be easily the best at that kind
of analysis. Um, and so it surprises me
that it's so good at that analysis and
yet it it doesn't compete, you know, w
with so with the front with Claude in
the coding, for example. So that's kind
of the bias that I see in in the in the
models. Um
but what's what's really interesting is
how rapidly
um we're seeing the descent of open AI
in comparison to the rest. So that you
know and and but they have such an
enormous market you know they had an
almost twoyear
&gt;&gt; well guess what yeah openi is yet again
pivoting
they they have the lead on consumer but
now they're pivoting to enterprise
coding and enterprise which is what
anthropic has taken over and they're
succeeding now they go that's where the
money is
&gt;&gt; but they're not going to lose their um
retail I don't well let me rephrase that
they could lose their retail. You know
who's you know where the biggest failure
in this entire enterprise is in this
entire market is Meta. Meta has to be
like the they were at one point poised
to take the lead and then what happened
and and what's the background to that
and you know that sort of happened
before Grock came onto the scene before
XAI really got underway and then XAI
went from zero to you know right at the
front right to the frontier in you know
in a matter of months I felt
and then you know they've kind of they
stumbled along and I think it's just
this you know this management the the
lack of cohesion of the team and the
&gt;&gt; and it looks like that Elon is building
that back up hiring some powerhouse uh
talent so let me let me break break down
tell me if I'm wrong in any of these
statements
&gt;&gt; I don't think it's an issue of talent I
think it's an issue of leadership
&gt;&gt; in in XI
&gt;&gt; they had no they had no lack of talent
they had lack of cohesive Ive
leadership. Anyway,
&gt;&gt; so number one, uh the good news, do you
need to catch up to anybody to be able
to do robo taxi? The answer is no,
right?
&gt;&gt; Yeah. I mean robo taxi shouldn't be
confused with this conversation
because it's quite clear that from a
training point of view, maturity point
of view, capability point of view, the
AI in
FSD
is far is beyond the frontier. It it is
the frontier for all of
all of the others. No questions about
that.
&gt;&gt; No questions there. And you don't need
to have bigger bigger supercomputers.
Yes. Uh he talked about FSE version 15
will have the 10x parameters but
actually they've made so much progress
with the existing one and then they
rewrote everything for that it's enough
to get us to unsupervised driving FSE
version 15. Okay. Now they might they
might need to wait for one of these
larger supercomputers to be built to be
able to get to FS15 to get to f to get
to unsupervised but to get to like for
all of us to do unsupervised versus robo
taxi. Robo taxi is going to roll out
regardless. I
&gt;&gt; yeah I think that may be true but I
think that you with the opening of
Cortex 2 we'll see faster iterations
more than anything else and I think
that's very that's critically important.
it there may be some barrier that we've
reached in terms of training I don't
think so I think it's just a timing
issue you know edge cases require an
enormous amount of compute power firstly
to find them then you know to to to
train on them so you've got you know
multiple layers of difficulty and those
layers of difficulty get solved by
larger and larger and larger compute to
find the edge ed cases and to train on
the edge cases and then to you know to
to certify it and so on and so forth. So
the more compute you have the better and
of course adding parameters needs added
memory and the question is how much
memory do we have in the cars at this
point and
&gt;&gt; right
&gt;&gt; is that going to depend upon the next
process. Okay. And then for the humanoid
robot, Cortex 2 is a massive
supercomputer and that's going to be
done in a couple years that is training
for that. But the good news is again as
I mentioned Tesla has vision data that
can use the FSD version to train the
bot. And of course he already explained
Gro is layer system one and then you've
got uh you got FSD system one and then
you've got system Gro is system two the
reasoning. So they're both important,
but they have a lead because they have
access to vision data that no one else
does. So I'm feeling comfortable with
that one.
&gt;&gt; But but they clearly are in the lead as
far as AI driving is concerned. I mean
there's nobody even close. They're not
even attempting to be close to them.
&gt;&gt; So that's good. So the and then now the
next step is macro hard digital
optimist. So he again his approach is
use vision to be able to look at a
screen and to be able to control a mouse
and keyboard and then be able to make
decisions on that based on that versus
the others anthropic and OPI they're
leaders in coding and they're doing
APIs. Do you uh do you believe that that
is the right first principle approach
and it makes sense that in because you
know you've got a lot of experience with
enterprise and you can say these things
and it sounds like it's right but
reality is when you truly integrate with
a true software an API is better than
you know human control human like
control or no that's the true first
principle these software were built for
humans to use them and so you've got an
intelligence that can use it just like a
human so then there's no integration
required
&gt;&gt; you know We're seeing with the
implementation of agents a very rapid um
uptake in terms of or a very rapid
conversion of human activity to agent
activity.
Um and and so I think that
there you know the stack that is
evolving is going to be the intelligence
stack and then the application stack and
application stack right now it started
as MCP it's moved to agents
so we've got the MCP layer we've got the
agent layer I think there's
there are some sort of um
um
management layer. There's some sort of
layer that not only orchestration but
management and reporting and feedback
layer that still to arise and I think
each of those are going to be aha
moments.
So the training while remaining very
important and being foundational
is much like the quality of a language.
you know we use cobalt and then we
advanced to Java and then we advanced to
Python each with it or I should have
mentioned of course you know probably
other languages of which you know
I it it's not worth going into every
single language but each language had a
different bias and a different
capability but but as those layers built
the orchestration
the rules, the the
ability for,
you know, individuals to interact with
it. So you
you you got from, you know, the command
line to Windows to
browser um to voice,
every one of those levels added to the
stack. We are only beginning to see the
stack emerge now. And the first
emergence was that MCP layer. The second
emergence was the agency agent layer.
And then we're going to get into some
form of coordination and management of
flow. And then we're going to get to,
you know, a level of control
and maintenance and management and you
know so so we're at the beginning. We're
not even in the we're just at the
beginning of the beginning
of seeing the new stack emerge. And so
to talk about vision
uh versus
every a aspect o of this of the stack is
to isolate just one while a very
important and a newly emergent feature
is just one of the features obviously
critically important obviously you know
an important component um but you know I
I think we're going to see that you know
hearing is very important important.
We're going to spoken language is very
important. Um we're going to see that
all the facets of how we interact and
communicate are going to become part of
the stack and not to mention neural not
to mention the ability to communicate
without having to go through language.
So
&gt;&gt; yeah, and so we're still early, lots of
the more layers to come. The good news
is Elon is
&gt;&gt; it's not worth getting nervous yet. It's
not worth getting nervous.
&gt;&gt; I agree with you. I was just about to
lay out the things that I see Elon's
strategy is. Number one, he has the
largest supercomputers in the world and
he's faster to build even more of that.
So that's his uh speed. Two, he just
explained that his training of these is
now increasing two weeks instead of
months and so forth. And three, his data
that he has that no one else has is the
vision data and that is driving robo
taxi is driving optimus and eventually
he thinks it's going to drive macro hard
and controlling software more than
coding does. And then the question is
does he have other data that he's
missing? But I would, if I were to bet,
and I'm putting my bet, I'm will more
willing to bet that Elon will be able to
get access to that missing data which
everyone else has access to versus the
others trying to get the data that Tesla
Elon has the others don't have access
to. And of course, it's Elon.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. I mean, that's a good summary, but
I will give you a thought. You know
who's got massive amounts of data?
&gt;&gt; Apple.
You told me already.
&gt;&gt; No. No. I mean, we've discussed that
already, but I'll tell you who's got
massive amounts of data that you haven't
thought about.
&gt;&gt; Google
&gt;&gt; No, the Hollywood Studios.
&gt;&gt; Oh,
&gt;&gt; yes.
&gt;&gt; So, the Hollywood studios have got
gigantic
&gt;&gt; Yes.
&gt;&gt; amounts of And the television studios.
&gt;&gt; Yes.
&gt;&gt; Have got gigantic amounts of visual
data.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Even the ones that were that were
cut and not part of the movie, but
they've got video of everything. Yeah.
&gt;&gt; Amazing quantities of it which you know
you know if I were in charge of a
Hollywood studio today I would be
training the biggest model in the world.
&gt;&gt; You are so smart. You are so smart.
That's you always bring up ideas that
others haven't talked about yet. That is
brilliant. Okay Elon listen buy it. Buy
all these movie studios. Use that
training data. It makes a ton of sense.
I mean, like you said, like I said, I
was just saying, even the ones that
didn't make it to the actual published
show, video is everywhere. They got
everything. Video from years, decades.
Oh my gosh.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; And he's got physics in them.
&gt;&gt; That's brilliant. All sorts of angles,
multiple angles for different scenes.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. You heard it. You heard it here.
&gt;&gt; I heard it for here. And then you can
create
&gt;&gt; a check. Yeah.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Yeah. So, like, you know, I say,
"Hey, I wanna I want to be inside this
church in France." Boom, there I am. And
I got the video, right? Or I want to be
in, right? Whatever. I can think of
whatever I want.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; There's a video of it. I want to be in
Starship Enterprise. Boom. I'm there. I
can walk around Starship Enterprise.
Um, very interesting. You're brilliant.
Okay. So, access to data is critical.
Elon, he's got the speed, he's got the
scale, he's got some vision data, and
he's got the money to buy more. So,
that's still early. Okay. Appreciate the
conversation, Larry. This is so
important. This is the race to AGI ASI.
And uh some people are very concerned
and thank you for walking me through
that. Follow Larry on his X account
Tesla Larry and check out his website at
lumicenti.com.
Bye everybody. I've created a website
that is the most comprehensive resource
for the Tesla investor. Please check it
out. Simply go to my website at
herdomm.com.