Channel:     electrified
Title:       Dates Being Set for Tesla's Robotaxi Race Takeover ⚡️
URL:         https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bIHqNaWi_rM
Published:   2026-04-15 01:07 UTC
Fetched:     2026-04-16 07:25 UTC

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Welcome to Electrified. It's your host
Dylan Lumis. Quick shout out to my
newest patrons, Scott and Marque. Thank
you for choosing to support the channel.
Just 7 days after 14.3 rolled out to the
early access group. Today, we learned
that 14.3.1 is now also going out to the
EA group. So, from here over the next
few days, we'd like to see this.1
release go beyond the early access
group, and that will be a great
indication that that's the branch
that'll make it to the wide release. The
reviews of 14.3.1 are very limited right
now, but Sawyer did say you can now tap
on the P parking icon to bring up your
different parking options. He said
MadMax on the highway now feels a bit
more conservative. He's now having zero
brake stabbing issues with one where he
had a few on 3. And he said navigation
routes and occasional parking alignment
still need some work, but overall he
thinks this build is ready for wide
release. Right now, all eyes are on
CyberCab, wondering when it will be
deployed to the robo taxi network. All
we know for sure is that the testing of
CyberCab nationwide continues to expand.
Today, two were spotted in Naples,
Florida. What that means is we've now
seen the CyberCab doing onroad testing
in Alaska, California, Nevada, Texas,
Oklahoma, Kansas, Illinois, Florida,
Washington DC, New York, and
Massachusetts. And of course, some of
those states like California have seen
the Cyber Cab in various different
cities. So, right now, I have it at 10
states and Washington DC. If I've missed
any, please let me know in the comments
below. And I am not including any of the
popups or displays for the CyberCap,
just where we've seen actual testing.
And right now on the Tesla careers page,
if you look for data collection
supervisors, you'll find 35 results, but
one of those is actually for Optimus.
The other 34, however, are all for
self-driving. And yes, some of these
positions are in new states where we
haven't yet seen much activity from
Tesla in terms of actual autonomous
testing. For example, this position is
for Devon, Pennsylvania. And these
listings don't say it explicitly, but
there's a good chance that this actual
driving to gather this data in these
various states will be done by the cyber
cab, which is why for now they have the
steering wheel. These roles will
personally contribute to the AI data set
through your own testing and data
collection. And it will audit teams
clips to ensure excellent performance,
coach drivers when improvement is
needed, and conduct weekly ride alongs
with drivers to ensure quality. Some
other new states: St. Louis, Missouri,
Brooklyn Park, Minnesota, New Orleans,
Louisiana, Owings Mills, Maryland,
Springfield, New Jersey, Atlanta,
Georgia, Nashville, Tennessee,
Southfield, Michigan. And just FYI, I'm
not reading all of these. There are many
other locations where we have seen Tesla
have autonomous activity like Peabody,
Massachusetts where they have been
testing the Cyber Cab. Aurora, Colorado,
Draper, Utah, and the rest are all in
states where we already know that Tesla
is laying the groundwork. And for what
it's worth to you, the robo taxi tracker
now has 11 unsupervised vehicles in
Austin, up from nine previously. I did
want to clarify there are some posts out
there getting some decent traction right
now saying that Tesla has not had a robo
taxi incident since January which might
be true but the problem is we only have
official data from Nitsa as of February
17th this year. The good news is we
should be expecting a new monthly report
from Nitsa here in the next few days
which should give us data at least
through March. So, it's true the last
recorded incident, no matter who was at
fault or what the damage was, was in
January, but we only have data to
February 17th. Anything more recent than
that, we just don't have the information
yet. And shifting focus to autonomy in
the Netherlands and across the EU, it is
now official the Dutch Vehicle
Authority, RDW, has notified the
European Commission of its plan to seek
European Unionwide approval for Tesla's
FSD. And importantly, the GM of the type
approvals from the RDW said he was
confident it could be used safely on all
roads in the Netherlands, including
Amsterdam. And further, he said if it's
good enough for the Netherlands, it is
good enough for Europe. A spokesperson
for the commission said the Netherlands
had informed it that it will present the
case to the relevant technical committee
in May. If the evidence from test
results is satisfactory and if there's
support from a majority of member
states, the next step would be to
prepare an implementing act authorizing
the Netherlands to grant EU type
approval allowing an EUwide roll out.
But meanwhile, in the interim,
individual countries may decide on their
own account to allow the technology
using the Dutch approval as a reference
point. You can imagine there are
certainly bilateral conversations with
regulators in other EU countries with
the RDW prepared to answer questions
about its technical conclusions. Now,
the GM did say the Dutch European
version of FSD will not be exactly
comparable with the US version due to
the differing regulatory process.
Differences include stricter monitoring
of whether drivers are paying attention
to the road and a need for any
significant software update to the
system to be checked with the RDW ahead
of time, which to date is similar to
what China has been requiring of Tesla.
So, just know there are going to be some
differences, but Elon said, I guess we
have different naming conventions in
Europe, but this is basically version
14.3. And another difference, at least
for now, it looks like Tesla's FSD in
Europe is using the max speed offset
instead of the speed profiles. Meaning
the speed can be adjusted with the
scroll wheel and the percentage can be
adjusted through the main visualization,
which as all of us in the US know is a
feature that we recently lost. And the
reason Tesla gave indirectly was that it
was basically too complicated to
integrate that feature. But we have to
remember FSD is quite mature in the
United States where this roll out in the
Netherlands and eventually across the EU
is still in the very early days. One
other thing I just wanted to clarify. I
think some people are now saying that
the vote for EUwide approval is now
going to be held May 5th because of a
few posts circulating on X. These posts
shared the schedule for the TCMV, the
technical committee of motor vehicles,
which is the regulatory body that will
host this voting. And their next meeting
is indeed May 5th this year. But so far,
I've not seen anything official that the
vote for Tesla's supervised FSD will be
held on that day. However, it is
accurate to say that is the soonest date
that it could happen. But just know if
it doesn't happen in May and that's too
soon for a vote, the next option would
be June. and then after that it wouldn't
be until October. So whenever they
decide to gather for this vote, the RDW
will present all of the evidence to the
27 member states and then at least 55%
of the states, meaning 15 of the 27,
will have to vote to approve to get the
majority and further those states have
to represent at least 65% of the overall
population. And if the vote goes well,
then there could be an EUwide approval
shortly thereafter. But as I said, if
for whatever reason the vote does not go
well and they don't get a majority,
individual member states can still
choose on their own to recognize this
type approval through the Netherlands.
So the main takeaway is that the
expectation for now is that at the May
5th meeting is when the RDW will present
the case for Tesla's supervised FSD for
EUwide approval. And the expectation is
that the vote will be held at that
meeting. But there's at least a non0%
chance that the vote doesn't actually
take place until the following meeting,
the one that is scheduled to be held on
June 30th. And that of course would
depend on the level of questioning and
concern from some of the member states.
But the two dates we need to remember
are May 5th and June 30th. And by the
latter, we can hope to have EUwide
approval. But one more time, even if
that vote fails, each individual member
state can still choose on their own to
adopt the RDW approval. And Ashoke said
the European regulation is followed by a
lot more countries than just the ones in
the EU. And just a few countries that
Ashoke may have been referring to.
Norway, the UK, Iceland, Switzerland,
and Turkey. And there are others like
Japan, India, and Thailand that can also
recognize this RDWT type approval. So,
it's safe to say the momentum globally
for Tesla's supervised FSD has never
been stronger than it is right now. Now,
if we go country by country and have a
look at Tesla's estimated cumulative
fleet size in each EU country plus
non-EU countries that do have a high
likelihood of following this RDW
approval like Norway, the UK,
Switzerland, Iceland and Turkey, then
from there we can assume that roughly
30% of this fleet will be AI4 vehicles
because right now this roll out is only
for those vehicles. That means the
hardware for fleet across all of these
countries could be in the neighborhood
of 450,000
vehicles as a midpoint. Now, of course,
the take rate is not going to be 100%,
but I think 15 to 20% given the momentum
and all of the hype right now with all
of the videos on social media is
reasonable. And of course, this exercise
is really for the remainder of this year
because it's going to take some time for
all of these countries to actually have
it approved. But my point is, we're on
the verge of potentially having hundreds
of thousands of Tesla vehicles with AI4
that now have access to supervised FSD
if they so choose, which of course is
more social media activity, more butts
and seats, more friends talking to their
friends and co-workers and so on. And I
won't share the videos, but there have
already been many highlight clips of FSD
performing very well, much like we know
it. But there are also still limitations
with things like lane selection and
reading and understanding signs. And
I've already seen some problems with
speed control and hesitation, which
again should not be a surprise. But for
me, one of the most exciting things
about this whole process is that all of
this new data that Tesla is going to
gather will not be siloed like the data
Tesla gathers in China. Meaning all of
these learnings can actually improve the
FSD model in North America. like this
review. So far, FSD is really fantastic
and safe. It's so natural and relaxing.
My wife tried it and loved it. I'm super
happy to have it. But at the same time,
I expected it to be even further along
by now. This morning, it did not move on
green once. It stopped randomly in the
middle of the road once, and it did not
do a very good job at parking. Nothing
very concerning, but not
intervention-free on relatively few
kilometers. And Zven actually reached
out to Norway's public road directorate
and did get a response. They said the
SV, the regulatory body in Norway, is
now receiving many inquiries from the
public. We understand many Tesla owners
who have been misled by the
manufacturers marketing are impatient
and want clear information. Then they go
on to talk about the process we just
explained, and they said member states
have the opportunity to ask questions
before a possible vote. If there are
many questions that can't be answered
satisfactorily, the vote may be
postponed. So there you go, guys. I'm
not just making things up. that vote
might not happen until June 30th. I'm
not saying I think that's the case. It's
just a possibility. Norway as an EA
country does not have the right to vote
in the process, but it can ask
questions. But they said, "We have no
basis to give a timeline for this
process." And they went on to share how
they worked with Ford and Blue Cruise to
ask for a few extra special things from
Ford before they actually approved it.
But they said, "We have no basis to give
a timeline for this as it will depend on
the response from Tesla Norway." example
specifics for Norway. They still have
questions about winter performance,
which is absolutely fair. So, I would
expect at least a slight bump in Tesla
sales across the EU throughout the
summer and through the back half of this
year given the renewed interest in Tesla
from this FSD news. Because, as we know,
this is a technology you have to
experience to have the light bulb go on
to realize that nobody else has anything
like this that a customer can own. The
legal software company Docketwise just
announced a data breach affecting over
116,000 clients. But the worst part
about it, the breach actually happened
October of last year, and the company
didn't tell anyone impacted until just
now. Which brings me to the sponsor of
this video, Delete Me. Think about this
for a second. These people gave their
most sensitive information to their
immigration attorney, and then a
software company sitting between them
and the lawyer gets compromised. I just
want to keep making this point. This
stuff can happen to anyone, any time
with the most sensitive information that
you give to even trusted parties. So,
this is why I will choose to do whatever
I can to protect my family from this
happening to us. And of course, I think
you all should do the same as well. One
of the most practical things you can do
right now is remove your personal
information from these people search
sites, which is exactly what Delete Me
does. These are sites that pop up when
somebody Googles your name and finds
your address, your number, age,
relatives, which is all publicly
available for anyone to see. Delete me
removes you from these sites and then
rescans every quarter because your data
constantly gets readded as you engage
online. My report from January saved me
about 150 hours of time. And given that
I've used Delete Me for over 3 years,
that means they have saved me thousands
of hours calling these companies one by
one. And delete me has glowing reviews
on Trust Pilot. And this is crucial
because deleteMe cannot gain these in
any way. So if you'd like to support
Electrified and protect your family, you
can head to joindeleteme.com/electrified
to get 20% off using my code electrified
linked below or by using the QR code on
the screen. The president of Tesla China
just said that Gigahash Shanghai has the
potential to build Optimus in the
future. He said, "Gash Shanghai could
provide a golden key to the mass
production of robots. Like other Tesla
factories, Giga Shanghai can shoulder
important responsibilities in
manufacturing all new products,
including robots, to make our
contributions to the company. We are
highly confident in welcoming the
arrival of a new era of robots." He did
not, however, elaborate whether Tesla
would assemble robots at existing
facilities in Shanghai or construct a
new plant for the business. Remember on
the Q4 call earlier this year, Elon
said, "I do think that by far the
biggest competition for humanoid robots
will be from China. China is incredibly
good at scaling manufacturing. China is
very good at AI, very good at
manufacturing and will definitely be the
toughest competition for Tesla and we
know Giga Shanghai is Tesla's most cost
effective manufacturing site." But back
to Elon on the call, he said China is
next level, but he did say this. We
think Optimus will be much more capable
than any robot we are aware of under
development in China. We think we'll be
ahead in terms of the real world
intelligence, the electromechanical
dexterity, especially the hand design,
which is by far the hardest thing in the
robot. But it would not surprise me one
bit to see Tesla learn how to produce
Optimus at one site for a year plus
before they start exporting that
manufacturing process anywhere else. So,
my guess would be we don't see
production of Optimus from Giga Shanghai
until late 2027, maybe into 2028. A few
months ago, I had an electrified
community member shoot me an email
saying, "Wouldn't it be nice if we had
the data on how many lives were saved by
Tesla's FSD?" And while that specific
data may never exist, it did spark
something. So, over the past few weeks,
I've been looking into data from Nitsa
for the past 10 years. My goal looking
into this was to answer the question, if
we had a level four or five robo taxis
available during that time period, how
many of those road deaths that happened
could have been avoided due to human
behavioral issues that robo taxis would
not exhibit? First, every fatal crash in
the US gets reported to FARS, the
fatality analysis reporting system. This
covers 100% of traffic fatalities. Over
the past 10 years, the number of
fatalities has been just over 389,000.
Further, that data is broken down into
behavioral categories: alcohol,
distraction, speeding, and being drowsy.
But the problem is, as you might guess,
there's plenty of overlap with those
four categories. Meaning, somebody that
was under the influence could also be
drowsy, could also be speeding, etc. So,
a long story short, I used a very
conservative approach where every time I
had to make an assumption, I did so
conservatively to try to come up with
this overlap factor to remove those
duplicates. And fast forwarding to the
main takeaway, if you adjust for all of
those overlaps over the past decade, if
we would have had Tesla's supervised FSD
or some comparable level four or five
system, the number of preventable
estimated deaths would be in the
neighborhood of 200,000.
Specifically, the range was between
198,000 and 215,000.
And as we know, the reason this checks
out is because supervised FSD cannot
drink alcohol. It does not get tired. It
is never drowsy and it is never
distracted. And remember that is only
accounting for those human behaviors
that a robo taxi would never exhibit. So
for me all along I've always felt like
this should be a bigger part of the
conversation. And we know that Tesla
will get so much criticism when there
are accidents and injuries with FSD. But
please let's all do what we can to shift
the narrative to not forget things like
this. We're talking about roughly 20,000
lives every single year in the United
States that could be saved by removing
these human limitations. And bear in
mind with this data, as you'll see
yearbyear, the number of distraction
fatalities was just over 3,000 every
year. But the number of injuries thanks
to distraction is orders of magnitude
higher in the neighborhood of 250,000
every year. So, I primarily focused on
fatalities, but we cannot forget about
all of the injuries that could also be
avoided. So, really, what Tesla is doing
here goes so far beyond just money and
investing and technology and all of the
things that we so often focus on. And
for me, taking the time to think through
and work through data like this really
makes me appreciate Tesla that much
more, which frankly, I didn't even know
was possible. I'm sure many of you saw
the headline of Honda's CEO taking a
trip to China and what he said. He
talked about how the companies there
were churning out so many products in
such a short amount of time and he said,
"We have no chance against this." And he
told his suppliers, "We must act quickly
to accelerate development." Jim Farley
just said, speaking of China, they have
enough production capacity in China with
existing factories to serve the entire
North American market. Put us all out of
business. And the former Toyota CEO
recently told suppliers during a meeting
that unless things change, the company's
very existence could be at risk. Unless
things change, we will not survive. I
want everyone to acknowledge the sense
of crisis. But what people weren't
saying is that Honda just canled two of
its own EVs, the Zero SUV and sedan,
along with a revival of the Acura RSX.
We know it's booking a nearly$16 billion
dollar loss related to EV write-offs.
And the two Aphila EVs planned with Sony
are also DOA. Honda sales in China were
about 1.6 million in 2020 and it's down
to 640,000
as of last year. So they've effectively
been cut in half. Speaking of half, only
about half of its manufacturing
footprint is being utilized, well below
the 70 to 80% typically needed in the
auto industry to turn a profit. And just
know Sado from Toyota is no longer the
CEO. He's now the chief industry officer
and serves on the board. But tying this
all together, Jim Farley just said that
allowing Chinese automakers to sell
their cars in the US would be
devastating to American manufacturing.
We should not let them into our country.
Manufacturing is the heart and soul of
our country, and for us to lose that to
those exports would be devastating to
our country. He said, I sure hope we
don't allow them to come across the
border. Speaking of Canada's Chinese
cars, keeping these vehicles out of
America should have a big impact on
upcoming negotiations to rework the
trade deal between the US, Canada, and
Mexico. And as you might expect,
Farley's arguing that the subsidies that
Chinese companies get from the
government gives them an unfair
advantage to cut prices and decimate
domestic automakers in the US. He said
there's no way this is a fair fight. And
look, he certainly has a point, but I'm
just saying I think it's also true that
even if they were not getting subsidies,
the cream of the crop in China would
still likely decimate the legacy
automakers in America. I'm guessing most
of you have already seen Tesla's
signature edition of the Model SNX as a
farewell to these vehicles. Only 350
total will ever be made, and these are
invite only. So, you cannot go to the
configurator and order one. So, I won't
run through the specs, but I do really
wish this garnet red was more widely
available along with the gold brake
calipers, which I think is an awesome
color scheme. But nice to see Tesla do
something special to sunset these
vehicles properly. Tesla's spring
software update has been announced. By
far the biggest part of this, there will
be a new app in the incar UI for FSD,
but for now, it's only going to be for
AI4 vehicles. But there will be
tutorials and a brand new dashboard with
a lot more granular information about
your FSD usage and the ability to earn
streaks and so on. And I will share
there are rumblings that this might be
Tesla preparing for more options to buy
FSD, meaning maybe you could rent it
when you have a road trip coming up,
something other than just the monthly
option. Now, please hear me when I say
I'm not saying this is likely. I'm just
saying that I'm hearing through the
grapevine. It's a possibility. Grock
will finally be getting a wake command,
which is, "Hey, Grock." And you can
close it by saying goodbye. Plus, you'll
be able to have reminders based on your
location. Something like, "Remind me to
pick up milk when I'm near home." Pet
mode gets some new basic customizations.
The parking visualization for new Model
3 and Wise is supposed to be enhanced.
You can now have multiple trips if you
want to individually track your energy
stats by drive. The sketchpad gets some
updates. Model SNX vehicles now get
custom wraps. One of my favorites, the
accent lights now turn red when an
object is in your blind spot and your
turn signal is engaged or when an
approaching object is detected while
parked. For the new Model 3 and Y's with
premium auto, there's a new immersive
sound. You can now automatically install
software updates. Weather maps get
improvements. Dash cam footage can now
extend up to 24 hours, and you can save
any clip for permanent storage on your
Tesla. Apple Music and Spotify get some
minor updates. And passengers in the
back can now view and interact with maps
on the rear display while your Tesla
navigates the route. So, definitely not
the most exciting software update ever,
but I'm guessing most of the attention
was put into this new FSD app. For now,
a very small number of owners have
received the update, but that roll out
should be gradual over the next few
days, and it certainly could go wide
before the end of April. From the
Delaware Chancery Court, we got a new
opinion granting motions to dismiss. The
short story here is given the timing
with which Tesla changed to being
doiciled in Texas, Elon and Tesla filed
motions to dismiss these lawsuits
because they said, "Hey, we're now in
Texas and these were filed in Delaware."
And the judge said the defendant's
motions to dismiss are therefore
granted. Meaning these three derivative
lawsuits no longer exist in the Delaware
courts. And if the plaintiffs want to
bring these motions again, they'll have
to do so in the Texas courts. And in the
opinion piece, it said after Tesla
announced its proposal to redmesticate
and adopt a Texas forum selection bylaw,
stockholders filed three derivative
lawsuits in the Delaware court, which
have been consolidated or coordinated in
the present action. Days and in one
instance hours after the lawsuits were
filed, Tesla stockholders voted to
approve the redomemestication and adopt
the Texas forum selection bylaw. On the
present motions, the defendants ask the
court to enforce that bylaw and dismiss
the actions in favor of a Texas forum.
And again, those motions from Elon and
Tesla have been granted. So, in my
opinion, no need to get into the
specifics of these cases now because
currently they don't exist. So, we'll
wait and see if the plaintiffs decide to
bring them again in Texas. Add this to
the list of things you love to see. We
got the Cox data for US auto sales in
quarter 1. Looking for Tesla, you'll see
their Q1 2025 market share was 43.2%.
Fast forward to Q1 of this year and it's
now up to 54.2%.
Meaning Tesla's market share in the US
is now back up above 50%. But we have to
clarify that's despite its own EV sales
being down 8% yearover-year. So
obviously it has more to do with the
rest of the EV industry pulling way back
than it does with Tesla's own sales
increasing. But the one Tesla vehicle
I'm the most interested in right now is
the Cybert truck. It did 3,519
units in Q1 this year compared to 6,46
in Q1 last year. Meaning sales of the
Cybertruck are down 45% yearover-year.
And yes, the Cybert truck was the
bestselling EV truck in the US in Q1,
but we have to say it's not a very high
bar. One other thing to note, the
lowerpriced Cybert truck will not hit
the sales results until Q2 and beyond.
And depending on the delivery timing, it
might not be until Q3, but it's just a
fact that so far Cybertruck sales have
been abysmal relative to expectations.
And zooming out to total EV sales in the
US for Q1, they were down 27%
year-over-year. Some of you guys know my
benchmark for when a vehicle deserves
our attention is over 10,000 units per
quarter. Well, on page one of this data,
a grand total of zero vehicles actually
hit that metric for Q1. Then on page
two, we continue to scroll and other
than Tesla, the only vehicle over 10,000
units for the quarter was the Toyota BZ,
and it was just barely over at 10,029
units. So other than Tesla and the
Toyota BZ, not a single electric vehicle
did over 10,000 units in the US in Q1.
So for those of us rooting for EV
adoption, it is a quite sad state of
affairs at the moment. This week,
Canadians will get their first chance to
see the Tesla Semi in person. This
during Truck World at the International
Center in Missaga, Ontario. However,
registration for this event is closed.
But Truck World attracts trucking
executives, fleet operators, suppliers,
and government stakeholders. And at this
event, the Tesla Semi will be a part of
the ride and drive experience. There
were some videos making the rounds of a
fire at BYD, but I just wanted to
clarify this was in a parking garage,
not a BYD factory. And the early
investigations are saying the cause of
the fire was idle construction equipment
that a contractor left on site. And
somehow that sparked and started the
fire. Tesla Charging said, "We've now
made it easy for customers with free
supercharging to only be routed to
superchargers where their free
supercharging always applies." So, in
the incar UI under the navigation tab,
you'll now see a toggle for only add
superchargers where free supercharging
is accepted. Today, we learned that
Rivian and Redwood have a new
partnership to deploy battery energy
storage at Rivian's factory in Illinois.
Using more than 100 Second Life Rivian
battery packs, Redwood and Rivian
solution will initially provide 10
megawatt hours of dispatchable energy to
reduce cost and grid load during peak
demand periods. Rivian will provide EV
battery packs to Redwood, who will
integrate them into a Redwood energy
system. So, I know it's not the most
exciting news ever, but I'll take every
chance I get to hammer home the point of
these Second Life use cases for these
battery packs. Nick Patain shared this
video of the Tesla Semi and specifically
the mirrors, showing some of these
cameras built into the side view
mirrors. And specifically, there are
three cameras on each mirror. Today we
got a rare update from Tesla insurance.
They said with the latest version of the
safety score version 3.0, every mile you
drive with supervised FSD enabled will
receive a score of 100. This allows you
to maintain a higher average safety
score over time, resulting in lower
monthly insurance premiums. But here's
the catch. This only applies to new
policies in Indiana, Tennessee, Texas,
Arizona, Virginia, and Illinois. So, on
one hand, it's great to get an update
about Tesla insurance, but on the other
hand, it's very limited in what they're
telling us, and the question remains,
what about existing policies? Per the
usual, more information is likely to
trickle out in the days and weeks ahead.
Tesla stock closed the day at $364.20,
up 3.34%, while the NDX was up 1.81%.
The volume was 6% below the average.
Don't forget, check out delete me linked
below for anyone interested. As always,
I can't thank you enough for supporting
the channel in that way. Hope you all
have a wonderful day and a huge thank
you to all of my Patreon supporters.