Channel:     electrified
Title:       Elon Is Now Running a New Secret Mission (Accelerant) ⚡️
URL:         https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GfWw-13y9W8
Published:   2026-07-17 23:05 UTC
Fetched:     2026-07-18 00:00 UTC

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Welcome to Electrified. It's your host,
Dylan Lumis. Quick shout out to my
newest patron, John M. Thank you for
choosing to support the channel. If
you're wondering why I went MIA for a
bit this week, my mom had a small
procedure. So, I wanted to be there for
her, help her out with some things. So,
that's where I was. And as always, if I
go MIA for a bit when there's actually
news coming out, you can check the post
tab to see why. And a quick shout out to
my new friend Sean who I got to meet IRL
today. He was visiting from out of town.
Been following the channel since way
back in the day. It really was so great
to meet you. Thank you for all of the
support. Safe travels and I'm looking
forward to being in touch. Starship's
13th test flight did scrub yesterday.
The new launch window is currently set
to open this Monday, July 20th, at 6:45
p.m. Eastern time. And the short of it,
if you missed it, Elon said some of the
engines did not start, triggering an
automatic launch abort. To be confident
of a good flight, two Raptors will be
removed and replaced. As always, with
this test flight, SpaceX will be working
on many things, but in my opinion, one
of the main ones to watch is right here.
For the first time, Starship will carry
V3 Starlink satellites to space. And as
part of the test, Starship is planned to
deploy 20 satellites which will extend
solar arrays and antennas and will
attempt to connect with the larger
Starlink constellation via the
high-capacity lasers. These V3 Starlink
SADs will be on the same suborbital
trajectory as Starship and are expected
to demise upon re-entry about 20 minutes
after deployment. And six of these
satellites have been modified with a
suite of cameras to scan Starship's heat
shield and transmit imagery down to the
operators. So, these are the actual V3
satellites, but they will not make it
into orbit, and they will burn up upon
re-entry, roughly 20 minutes after
deployment. But, as we've been told,
SpaceX's goal is to operate V3
satellites later this year. And just to
clarify, these V3 satellites will only
fly on Starship. And speaking of
Starlink, this week we also got the news
about SpaceX's new V5 terminal. So, I
went ahead and put together a simple
comparison comparing to the standard 4X,
which in my opinion is the best apples
to apples comparison. I won't go through
every line, so pause and take a
screenshot if you'd like, but I just
wanted to highlight I didn't see many
people talking. The real play here is
SpaceX making a margin push. This is not
so much about increased performance,
although certain line items are
certainly improved. But overall, as you
can see, the main improvements are in
the weight, in the average power draw
being less, and the size of the dish is
also significantly smaller. And given
that smaller surface area, that of
course helps with the wind
survivability. The 4X was rated up to
110 mph, but the V5 goes up to 165. But
V5 comes in at 2.4 lb compared to 6.4 lb
for the 4X. There are some other
upgrades like V5 will come with an
Ethernet cable when the 4X did not. And
just FYI, the two rows at the bottom
that look like a downgrade, that's only
because so far SpaceX has chosen to
change the router that comes with a
terminal. I'd guess in the future there
might be some optionality for getting to
choose the router you want. But for now,
V5 will come with the router mini
instead of the router 3. And the last
thing I wanted to call out here, I see
people asking about the speeds all the
time. Right now they're saying V5 is
capable of 375 plus. That would be
compared to the 475 megabits per second
that the 4X was capable of. That of
course for download speeds, but just
remember this is so reliant on the
network and where you have it set up and
the weather and the path to the sky and
so on. So, my expectation is V5 in
practice will be delivering very similar
speeds to the 4X, but far and away the
main improvements are the footprint and
the weight, which should lead to much
better margins for SpaceX and of course,
just a better experience for the
consumer. And yes, based on recent Elon
interviews, we should be expecting a new
V5 Starlink Mini, but there's nothing
out there officially yet. And for those
of you considering an upgrade, I did
have this drawn to scale so you can get
a sense of how much smaller the V5
footprint is relative to the 4X. And
here it is. When you go to the official
SpaceX site, you'll see Starlink V3
satellites. They lay out some detail
right here. Each satellite is supposed
to offer 1 tab per second down and 160
Gbits per second up. And the former is
an order of magnitude more capable than
V2. And the latter is two orders of
magnitude more capable than V2. And why
does this matter? As Shawn Magcguire
said, the Earth's international internet
bandwidth is roughly 1,835
terabits per second. So at 1 terab per
second for each V3 satellite and 60
satellites expected to launch with each
Starship launch, he said Starship would
roughly double the Earth's bandwidth
every 30 launches. I do want to point
out that last line isn't fully accurate
because when it comes to actual
bandwidth, there are many factors that
go into the real world outcomes.
However, I think directionally
understanding the scale and magnitude of
what V3 is unlocking is crucial. And
direct from Starlink, the current
network is around 450 terabs per second
cumulative capacity launched to date.
And given each V3 satellite is 1 tab per
second and they can put 60 of those on
Starship, that means theoretically every
launch could add 60 terabs per second.
Meaning it would take only 7.5 launches
of Starship to double the Starlink
network when it comes to the cumulative
capacity. And given the first Starlink
launches were in 2019, that's roughly 6
and 1/2 years that it took SpaceX to get
that 450 terabits per second. And if we
do get some of these V3 satellites
beginning operations later this year, it
might take in the neighborhood of a year
to do those 7.5 launches to roughly
double that capacity. So, generally
speaking, from roughly 7 years down to
potentially one year for the same
capacity. I just want to drive the point
home. This really could be quite the
accelerant. And you know what they say,
the first 450 are the hardest. So SpaceX
really is at the inflection point on the
Scurve for Starlink. And as Elon
recently said, they're planning to start
flying the A1 orbital data center
satellites sometime next year. And he
also said that the A1 satellite V1 peak
power spec has been raised to 250 kW
battery assisted with average power
around 160 kW. It will be able to handle
an NVL72 Reuben rack. This is just
version one. And given that AI1 won't
start flying until next year, I would
imagine there might be some other
changes and tweaks before launch as
well. And so each AI1 satellite to start
might be able to support in the
neighborhood of 72 advanced GPUs. So
again, I think it's useful to help
everybody understand the scale of what's
going on here. Each AI1 satellite to
begin capacity-wise, we'll be starting
at the scale of one high-end ground
rack. And of course, there are nearly
endless caveats and nuances here, but
just to give you a general sense. And
what do I mean when I say Elon's running
this secret power play? Well, as the
headline says, this week Elon quietly
bought a Jacksonville energy company. He
bought APR Energy with really no
announcement. And Elon himself is the
acquiring party. And the paperwork shows
the transaction was granted early
termination, meaning no further
antitrust review is required before the
deal could close. And the word is the
overall deal is worth at least $1
billion. And what does APR do? Well,
they specialize in rapidly deployable
modular power generation. They have
custom power plants engineered to handle
highdensity GPUs and AI workloads for
hyperscalers and data center developers.
The company has also powered more than
35 countries, delivered over 50 terowatt
hours of energy, and can stand up
projects in as little as 15 to 30 days,
according to their website. So, the core
of this APR energy is turbine-based
energy generation. And these gas
turbines are somewhat mobile and they do
have global operations already. And we
already know that Colossus 1 and 2 rely
pretty heavily on gas turbine energy
generation. So APR's mobile gas turbines
paired with their expertise working with
hyperscalers makes this seemingly a
perfect acquisition for Elon. And I've
said it dozens of times over the past
few years, but the interconnection queue
is a serious problem. And this is a way
to sidestep those limitations. So while
most people that play the game normally
are sitting in these cues waiting for
the power to come online, Elon says,
"No, no, no. Here's a billion dollars.
I'm going to do this myself." So, this
is really just Elon doing what he does
best, finding the bottleneck and then
smashing it. And I don't think I need to
explain the downstream effects, but this
will mean more compute coming online
faster that they can either use to train
in-house models like Rock, or they can
take that new compute capacity coming
online at Colossus 2 and rent it out to
others. So, for some reason, most people
aren't really talking about this, but in
my eyes, this is actually a pretty big
deal and is yet another reminder that
Elon is going to do whatever is required
to catch up and ultimately win.
Something I've been talking about for
years is now so important, the
government is finally stepping in.
California is about to become the only
state doing something the other 49
states are not. And this perfectly
illustrates why I'm such a vocal
supporter of Delete Me, the sponsor of
this video. California just launched
this state-run tool called Drop. You
fill out one form and then all
registered data brokers need to remove
your information. But unless you live in
California, you're out of luck. And even
in California, this only covers roughly
600 data brokers that voluntarily
register, which just happens to leave
hundreds more that don't. And this right
here is exactly the gap that Delete Me
fills. Delete Me removes your personal
info from over 750 people search sites,
more than the California drop list, and
they do it in every state. Plus, they
rescan every quarter because these sites
constantly repopulate you. You can add
your spouse, your parents, your kids 16
and up to your account at a discount per
person, which does matter because data
brokers link family profiles together. I
just got my 16th report. Last quarter
alone, Delete Me reviewed over 1,800
listings on my behalf, found my
information on six people search sites,
and submitted removals to all of them.
Across the work they did for me this
quarter, they saved me about 160 hours
of work I would have to do on my own.
And honestly, for me, the peace of mind
is a big part of the product. So, you
can head to joindeme.com/electrified
to get 20% off using my code electrified
linked below or by using the QR code on
the screen. Shifting gears to Tesla, I'm
very eager to see how its scaling of
solar will change numbers like this.
Right now, Australia leads the world in
distributed energy adoption at 990 watts
of solar per person, the highest rate
anywhere. 40% of houses have rooftop
solar and nearly 5% of homes have
batteries. And this is the product of
two decades of deliberate policy. So all
you politicians in America, please take
note. This back and forth is hurting us
all. For comparison, right now in the
US, roughly 9% of US homes have rooftop
solar and less than 1% have a battery.
Hardware costs are of course a factor.
Solar runs roughly $3 per watt here
verse under $1 per watt in Australia.
And batteries cost about $1,000 per
kilowatt hour installed here verse $500
per kilowatt hour in Australia. Set
another way, solar in America is roughly
three times more expensive and the
batteries are roughly twice as
expensive. And it should be obvious, but
it's the accommodative policies that
ultimately lead to economies of scale
and lower pricing. So, on one hand, I'm
quite encouraged by what we see in
Australia because they are setting the
standard. The blueprint is working, and
now it's really just a matter of time
until other countries get on board. On
the robo taxi front, Tesla is now up to
175 vehicles in the Texas fleet
officially registered. As always though,
that does not tell us how many are
currently in operation. But Tesla did
register 73 new vehicles this week
alone, the biggest to date by far. And
yes, they are still all Model Y's. Nick
Patane shared this graphic. Whimo did
finally expand its geoence in Austin,
which you can see in the blue. But
Tesla's geoence in the red is still
larger in terms of footprint. You know
how there was some hype building that
Germany might approve Tesla's supervised
FSD ahead of that vote? Well, that's now
seemingly out the window. And many of
you will remember I said I would be
surprised if that happens. But right
here, the German state secretary
Christian Herta said the decision on
type approvage will be made after a vote
on the Europewide approval of the FSD
supervised system within the framework
of the TCMV. And again, the first time
we could have that vote is October this
year. He also said the KBA is expected
to be provided with a Tesla vehicle this
month for independent testing of the
system in order to develop a wellfounded
German position on this. So, the KBA
will be doing some internal testing with
a Tesla vehicle starting this month, but
for now, it sounds like they're not
going to make a decision before the
vote. This one was earlier in the week,
but just so nobody missed it, Tesla has
joined forces with 7-Eleven in Japan to
begin installing Superchargers. The
150th Supercharger site in Japan was
also the first of this new partnership.
This makes 7-Eleven only the second
convenience store chain in Japan to host
Tesla Superchargers. So hopefully the
beginning of a new trend here. The first
was Family Mart back in 2023, and this
will not be a one-off deployment.
7-Eleven Japan says it intends to
install Superchargers at about 10
additional stores before the end of its
2026 fiscal year. And keep in mind,
through the first 6 months of the year,
Tesla registered about 12,200 vehicles
in Japan, up about 166% yearover-year.
And that means Tesla passed its total
sales in Japan for 2025 in the first
half of 2026. So yet another
acceleration for Tesla, this one in
Japan. In a surprise to no one here, the
NTSB came out with its report of that
Tesla that crashed into a home. And what
do you know? The driver manually
overrode FSD by pressing the accelerator
pedal to 100%. And the vehicle speed was
greater than 70 mph when the crash
occurred. So honestly a horrific and
very sad story here, but of course this
was not FSD behavior. Tesla has deployed
yet another mega charger. This one in
Bloomington, California with six stalls.
As Max from Tesla said, the buildout is
focused on the most important semi-
routes and depots first. And I think
Sawyer said this was the first public
site, but I don't believe that's true
because Tesla Semi did post in May of
this year the first Mega Charger station
was in Los Angeles, specifically in
Ontario, California, and they did say
that one was open to semicustomers,
which would imply that one was also open
to the public. And before that, of
course, Tesla had a few private ones as
well. And you can go to the Tesla find
us map and you'll see these very small
gray circles when you select for only
mega chargers and coming soon. There's a
few in Florida, some in Georgia, a bunch
in Texas, a bunch in California, and of
course some others scattered about. And
when you zoom in, you can get a much
better idea and click each site to see
it's coming soon. And looking at Texas,
there's roughly two dozen set to come
online soon. Tesla is set to enter yet
another new market. This time around
it's Latvia. Not a huge market. The
passenger car market there is in the
neighborhood of 25,000 a year and BEV
adoption for 2025 was in the
neighborhood of 7%. So that's under
2,000 BEVs that were sold for all of
2025. SC Robinson attended Tesla's
lithium day 2026 and he said the
facility is now complete and fully
ramped. Materials are being shipped to
Giga Texas for 4680 production. This
really is an awesome milestone. It won't
show up in the financials overnight, but
in the years to come, this will
certainly serve as a background margin
tailwind. Not to mention the supply
chain security that comes with it. And
Tesla's opening up pre-orders on July
31st for a balance bike for kids set at
$225.
Tesla stock closed the day at $380.84,
down 2.61%.
And SpaceX closed at $123.99
down 5.43%
officially below the $135 IPO price
which frankly I don't think should come
as a surprise. I've been saying all
along I'm kind of hoping it goes down to
around $100 per share. And I do think
it'll dip down below that mark at some
point in the months ahead before
beginning its ascent up. As always, not
financial advice. That's just my guess.
And the NDX today was down 1.49%. 49%.
Don't forget, check out Delete Me linked
below. For those of you that haven't
already, I'm urging you to take even 5
minutes this weekend and do a search
about all of these new AI scams that are
taking place. Delete Me is so affordable
and it will give you peace of mind
knowing you're doing what you can to
fight back. Hope you all have a safe and
wonderful weekend and a huge thank you
to all of my Patreon supporters.