Channel:     brighterwithherbert
Title:       Every Tesla or SpaceX Investor Needs To Watch This
URL:         https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IrbWZt7D7MA
Published:   2026-08-09 13:30 UTC
Fetched:     2026-08-09 14:00 UTC

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Tesla investors are now watching their
stock go quiet while SpaceX takes over
every conversation. All the energy, all
the money, all the attention is flowing
to SpaceX. And Tesla is just sitting
there while the merger rumor swirl.
[music] My guest today called this
months ago and he knows the reason why.
Yashu Chararma said this merger was
coming back when the [music] idea
sounded crazy. Elon himself replied to
his post where he laid out why. Now the
same people who denied it are cheering
it and Yashu thinks they're wrong about
the next part two. [music] He says a 1:1
ratio doesn't pass a Tesla shareholder
vote. He says real details are further
away than anyone wants to admit. And he
has a theory about why Tesla stock is
stuck while all this plays out. We'll
walk through all of it then zoom out on
the bigger question. Where does a
combined Tesla and SpaceX actually fit
in the AI race? We've got Yashu Chararma
back with us and as we often do, we'll
talk fundamentals, technicals, and the
exact forcing functions that could push
Tesla and SpaceX into their next leg
[music] higher. Yashu has a YouTube
channel called Hit That Bid and is an
expert in analyzing stock fundamentals
with his own long-term modeling in
addition to his stock options momentum
trading analysis. Welcome, Yashu.
&gt;&gt; Thanks for having me, Herbert. Always
good to talk.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, first of all, appreciate you uh
joining me today. I watched your video
that you published on both X and on
YouTube. I highly recommend people watch
this. It's a short one. um and you just
had to like share your opinion on SpaceX
and Tesla and you were pretty
opinionated about it. Um there's some
things I I really appreciated about and
I thought was right and others we'll
debate today but uh highly recommend
people to watch that one. Uh let's start
off with just the setting the context of
why we're talking. um months ago you
posted something and Elon replied and
that was the first time I think we
learned about Elon's con uh concern
about Tesla like you know he didn't want
humanoid robots everywhere if he doesn't
have 25% control and uh but you knew
already that's why you were posting
about it can you explain what your
thinking was at the time
&gt;&gt; yeah I mean so for people that don't
know uh that infamous line about you
know Elon saying that he needs 25%
voting control to feel comfortable
building more AI and Tesla was actually
a reply to my tweet, funny enough, about
compensation and his new package that
were to come up and to to rectify. And
of course, we had this debate back and
forth and there was like four different
paragraphs and it was like this
long-winded thing. But the long and the
short of it was that Elon has concern
about building AI for the future because
remember Elon doesn't think in decades
or years, he thinks in centuries. and he
thinks if this is going to be a big
thing, he needs to or his his his um
authority needs to have control over
where the AI is headed. Now, position us
today where SpaceX is now public. That's
great. That's awesome. I mean, I don't
think that many people expected it to be
public as fast as it went. And now Tesla
is actually trading almost half of the
value SpaceX. Like SpaceX is 1.8
trillion. Tesla's about a trillionish
today. So 60% of the value. It's funny
living in this world where SpaceX is
worth just so much more than Tesla. And
as Tesla investors and probably SpaceX
investors listening too, you know,
unless you got in pre IPO, you're kind
of looking at this situation, you're
going, "Wait, what the heck's happened
in the last three or four years? Tesla's
kind of been flat." Like SpaceX is
awesome. I believe in SpaceX, but where
does the valuations put this? and
everyone and their mom is betting on
Tesla and SpaceX to merge, which I think
everyone at this point will probably
admit is going to happen in the
intermediate to long-term future very at
the very latest a few years. But, you
know, it's a it's a funny time because
now you kind of look at Tesla and
SpaceX, you go, "Wait, where does this
put Tesla investors right now?" And what
does it mean for the next 3 6 12 months?
uh as we kind of look at Tesla and we
look at and we look at SpaceX and we go
well the Terafab is announced between
Tesla and SpaceX this project's
announced Optimus is happening Grock
belongs to SpaceX there's so much
overlap but where do we stand as kind of
as investors and why is Tesla so
underperforming the market and so that's
why I kind of put that video out because
I had just so many thoughts about where
I think this is all headed and you know
I I obviously love Elon I love SpaceX I
love the long-term vision but I think we
need to take off the rosecolor glasses
sometimes and go Well, like what are the
market dynamics here? What are the
reason that Tesla is, you know, not
being suppressed, but why is it a little
bit more low-key than it has been in the
past? And I think between now and next
year, I think is kind of our kind of no
man's land of territory while we figure
out more details about everything that's
going on.
&gt;&gt; Okay. Well, one of the big things you
did say is that this unresolved rumor,
this rumor of potential merger, you said
that that's the single biggest thing
suppressing Tesla stock. Do you believe
that? Yeah.
&gt;&gt; So, yes, I do believe that. But I I
think the problem here is I don't think
we're going to get an answer in in the
next little bit. Now, leave a comment
down below if you disagree with this
because I know a lot of people do
because everyone thinks within the next
few months we'll hear a merger
conversation. My current timeline for
any talk of a merger is not until middle
of next year.
&gt;&gt; Wow.
&gt;&gt; This I don't think this has come to a
vote until middle of next year. I'm
happy to be proven wrong. Have egg on my
face. Feel free to clip me later. But I
think middle of next year is when this
gets more serious. And there's a couple
reasons for this if you want me to go
through them.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; One is SpaceX just went live, right?
Just went public for Tesla and SpaceX
talk merger I think is just too early.
You you need price discovery on a stock
stock like SpaceX for this to go through
due diligence, everyone to feel
comfortable about where the real value
of SpaceX is and not just a preip or IPO
hype fest currently. And I think if this
longevity of this deal is going to
happen, that needs to happen is is the
price discovery on the stock. Uh number
two, I think there's also a lot of
shareholders that are still locked out
onto selling. And I think over the next
little bit, they'll ladder out. And I
think middle of next year is kind of
where we get closer to everyone is able
to if they want to sell a portion of the
stock, insiders. And so I think before
like those two things by itself I think
are big enough reasons why this merger
will really not come to fruition until
middle of next year uh or even be put to
a vote I think till next next uh annual
general meeting. So I think anyone
saying that it's coming out right now I
think is jumping the gun getting too
excited. Um uh and then also there's
also concerns about Tesla China with
SpaceX which we saw a rumor about a
couple years a couple weeks ago. Elon
you know dispelled it but let's be
honest there's other things that he's
dispelled that have had some underlying
truth to them. So I I I do think there
is a conversation that needs to be had
there as well.
&gt;&gt; All right. I mean let's debate that a
little bit. Um not that I'm debating
you. I'm just want to bring the other
side of it. Yeah. So first of all that's
bad news for Tesla if if you are proven
to be correct because as you say it is
there is a overhang to Tesla's stock.
&gt;&gt; Yeah,
&gt;&gt; right. You you yourself think it's the
biggest thing suppressing stock right
now.
&gt;&gt; I mean so so it's it's what's bad? Let's
define bad. If you're a long-term
investor and you're a a true Tesla Elon
fan and you think in a decade then all
of this will shake out and for the long
term it's probably better that SpaceX
and Tesla merge anyways. So, you could
qualify this as kind of short-term
noise. Who cares? No man's land. It's
okay. Now, of course, if if you just
want dramatic stock results in the next
little bit, of course, I I think it's
under pressure a little bit. And so,
your your definition of bad will vary
with your mileage here of what you worry
what you think about. And I only say
this because as Tesla investors, as Elon
investors, SpaceX investors, you know,
we have this more tendency than other
stockholders to care about the longer
term vision a lot more. And but yes,
that is to not say that I do think
there's an overhang right now. Yes.
&gt;&gt; Okay. Well, so the argument against what
you're saying and this is just a lot of
I think the vast majority of people I've
been talking to agree with you that they
won't see an announcement of the merger.
The announcement of the merger won't
happen until months from now, maybe the
end of this year, maybe even early next
year. The actual merger itself, if the
consummation will be a year after that
or nine months after that. Okay. But the
announcement of the merger, some most
people will say the end of the year.
Some people like Alexander Mertz have
been saying they she believes it's going
to be happening sooner because of uh of
of breadcrumbs she's been following. Two
of the big ones is that when Elon Musk
was asked is there going to be a merger
when Gwen Shawwell was asked in another
interview they both didn't say we're not
even talking about that right now which
they should have said if it is not going
to happen until all the uh lockups have
been done a year from now but they
basically said what did they say? pretty
well said. You know, Gwyn came out
almost saying it's happening. He
basically goes, "It sure would make
Elon's life better. I can see all the
reasons why there's synergy and um it's
not my focus immediately, but it can be
when it happens." Something like that.
Uh Elon brought the lawyer on. Okay. So,
it's like, you know, so that's one
reason is like that. Two is the lockup
occurred. Now, how do you need to have
100% off all lockups to be released
before you can basically you're going to
piss off one retail shareholder versus
shareholder versus the other
shareholder? Either you're going to piss
off the SpaceX shareholders or not. But
if you let all of them have a chance to
sell prior to the announcement, that's
enough. You don't have to wait till the
end of the year. And then um the the
reason the other reason is that the
midterms are coming up. Would Elon risk
it that there's a change in government
control? Then they would push back. If
it's a year from now, all the
governments have changed or at least the
majorities. So those are some reasons
why they think if and the way Elon
works, Terrafab is happening now. They
just made the announcement now. They're
putting in money in now. He wants the
synergies to happen sooner. And then AI
is happening now. And to compete with
the Mag 7, you can't be a $1.3 trillion
company and a $ 1.7 trillion company.
You need to be a three four five
trillion company to even compete with
everybody. So that's he wants to move
faster.
&gt;&gt; So a few So to rebut your points, here's
why it doesn't matter. Um number one, of
course, if Tesla and SpaceX are going to
merge in the next few years, the
conversations need to start years
before. The boards need to independently
agree on valuation on what's going to
happen separate to each other because
remember a lot of this has to happen
independently. Due diligence needs to go
through to avoid future lawsuits like
we've seen that happen with valuation of
company own mergers. So the 100% they
could be fully immersed in talking about
merging and still not have something to
vote on or bring forward for another
year.
&gt;&gt; Sure.
&gt;&gt; Very easily. And of course, I think with
something as big as SpaceX and Tesla to
merge, this is not an overnight thing.
Like even when Tesla reinccorporated
reinccorporated Texas, that happened so
fast, like within a I don't know how
many months, whatever. It was just
insane how fast. But that's a
reinccorporation of a corporate. Like
it's not it's not merging of two
bohemoth companies, right? And so I I
think they would love for it for it to
happen really fast. I think if they
could have their dre but I think for
many reasons it's not going to come up
until middle of next year. Um now the
lockups I think it's important for them
to normalize the distribution of
shareholders to release the insiders to
get a true gauge on how the float looks
like before talk about premium or who
acquires who or is it a subsidi sub
subsidiary company which I think
probably will end up being the case. So
you know there's a couple of things here
that need to happen. think it it's it's
it's good process for that to occur. And
then moreover on top of everything again
these Tesla these SpaceX shares really
need some some price discovery and
trading history. It's just too it's too
unreliable right now. I mean we've seen
SpaceX go up to 200 what is it 230 bucks
or whatever and down to 130 now you know
kissed 100. So, it's just too volatile
to have any sort of meaningful
discussion on who gets what premium for
what. And I think they need just the
dust to settle a little bit. Uh, and so
that's why I don't think it should
happen until probably middle of next
year.
&gt;&gt; It's all fair. I have no idea what's
going to happen. I have no uh I'm not
personally saying it's going to happen
next month. I have no idea. So, you're
you're all very good points and I
appreciate uh you know giving some
thought. I do think that we should be
and I should be as an investor thinking
about it and forecasting as best I can
because of course I'm not a short-term
investor but still uh it's it's curious
it's it's it's see you know you're
watching things happen and you can
almost tie them together. Um one thing
you did say in your video too is that a
one for one ratio would fail a Tesla
shareholder vote and that's not what's
going to happen but yes I completely
agree with you. So what
what could happen
is in order to get shareholders to vote,
I've been asking people what? So first
of all, it's not just Okay, there are a
couple things I need to explain and
Alexander taught me this. It's not the
when they make the announcement, the
price of what or the ratio, which is how
many shares would be exchanged. If you
have Tesla shares, how many shares of
SpaceX would you get? that ratio
it doesn't and and therefore your price
nobody's selling your not selling your
Tesla shares you're being exchanged a
ratio but that amount matters at the day
of vote and a day of consummation not
the day of announcement
right so
&gt;&gt; well
&gt;&gt; Elon could theoretically come out today
let's say next week and you know the
earliest possible whatever he could say
we're going to do a 4.2 2:1 just for
fun, 4:1
stock ratio. So for every uh you'll get
four SpaceX shares. Well, if the price
is today $130,
that's $510, whatever. You can do that
math, but actually that math won't
matter until the actual day of the vote
and the consummation. What he could do
is goes, it's going to be a 4:1 ratio,
but I'm going to put a floor of $600,
$690, whatever number he wants, and then
he can do that. Why? Because it's not
the price today. It's what it would be
worth at the time of vote or
consummation. And so the SpaceX, if he
believes that SpaceX stock would be 300
by that point anyways, he can make this
announcement now. Well, I just think
there's I think it's jumping the gun to
do that for no reason yet when all of
the all of these dominoes still have to
go through. I think for that it's too
premature. For example, number one, I
think like Tesla China is still a
conversation that needs to happen. You
talk about midterms and I think it's a
really good point to bring up, but I
don't think they actually matter at all
because the regulatory hurdles that come
from, you know, a lot of this stuff will
continue past like if the midterms end
up and the Democrats will end up
winning, I mean, great. Like that
doesn't mean just because the
Republicans were in right now, they're
going to pass everything through and
then nothing gets seen ever after that.
These regulatory hurdles will continue
to persist for for years and years and
years. And that's really that's one of
the biggest things about this whole X
corporation that that's going to get
created is this antitrust because Tesla
is going to be insanely vertically
integrated with everything that they're
doing. So I don't think the midterms
matter uh so much. uh Tesla China, back
to Tesla China, uh with the SpaceX
defense contracts, all the due diligence
that exists around there, there has to
be an ongoing conversation is my is my
current opinion already. And that's why
we saw that leak come out about Tesla
China being sold off, which Elon has
denied. And I probably agree with like I
don't think they're going to want to
sell that like huge chunk of their
business, but there's going to be
conversations to be had around, you
know, do do you do you surround it with
some sort of defense or storage or do
you localize all of the data that gets
there? How or do you license what they
do? There has to be a conversation on
that currently even if they're planning
on it for next year. And so I think
until we hear more about that, I think
we would we would likely have been
further along the line should that
merger announcement already been
happening at the moment. Um, and then I
agree with you on the on the like the
ratio, right? Like I think if you look
at like if you look at uh the history of
mergers on general, you kind of get
about a 15 to 20% premium based on where
it kind of stands, right? And so that
gets you I think one to three SpaceX
shares. 3 point something is kind of
what it gets you. You know, that's one
way they could do it. The other way they
could do it is they could fix it on the
actual price of the stock, right, which
I don't think they'll probably do, but
it's an option. And and then floor.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. They'll go it won't be lower than
$690.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. And then and then Exactly. And
then they could have what you're
describing there is more of an exchange
rate type of thing where, you know, 3
point something shares of Tesla SpaceX
for Tesla. And then if if SpaceX falls,
you know, you get this. If if if there's
fewer, then you get you get more or
less. And so you can even re renegotiate
if it really collapses. So you can have
all this stuff baked in. I just feel
like that's creating a mess. You
announce it now. Who knows between now
and middle of next year what happens and
then you're trying to unwind everything.
I think it's better to keep it clean and
probably to do it next year.
&gt;&gt; Okay. So okay, all that makes sense. So
you've defend you've you've given a good
explanation for the other side which is
actually you don't think it's going to
be announced for a long time. Here's all
the reasons why. Okay. What about then?
I I don't remember exactly. So, I might
may miss misquoting you, but in your
video, I think you floated that Elon
might be sandbagging Tesla. A lot of
people believe that that's what's
happening because what's going on with
Tesla stock? Elon doesn't really seem to
be pushing it. Why is Robo Taxi been
delayed? Is that because they needed to
delay it, which has a very good
reasoning? Now, maybe that is very
clearly that could be the reason, right?
Version 15 gets you ridiculously safe.
Even if you just have one accident, it
would be a setback. But why not just
wait till version 15 is completely done
and then but then still build out all
the cyber cabs, all the infrastructure.
So you're not really you're slowing
things down for these few months but
then you'll catch up once you decide to
go. So why why launch it too early?
That's one argument but then it's also
some people think yeah he's he's so if
he's sandbagging Tesla
right then you're are like so so your
your Tesla stock is flat for so long.
Now, one of my other arguments I haven't
brought up to you yet, but I mentioned
at a cyber world show is think about the
employees. So, if you're a Tesla AI
employee working at Tesla for now five
years with a stock flat, watching
Micron, watching Nvidia, watching all
your startup friends, watching all these
guys doing AIs everywhere and you are
doing it for the mission and you're
seeing your stock flat.
You know, at some point you say it's
going to be another year for the merger.
Oh my gosh, it's uh the the you know,
the uncertainty for Tesla. No revenue
until 2028
ain't going to be good for Tesla and he
cares about his employees as much as he
cares about Tesla retail and
shareholders, he cares more about his
employees. So
&gt;&gt; can you speak a little bit about is Elon
sandbagging Tesla? Is that what you
really think? So, so for everyone
listening that is not understanding why
it all goes to it all goes around voting
control and Elon getting the best ratio
is what we're calling it, right? And
there's arguments against it, but but
the most but the I'll just lay this one
out just as like a bare bones like the
the the bigger the ratio of SpaceX to
Tesla, the the easier it is for SpaceX
to acquire Tesla and the more control
he'll get in the in the sub in the
parent company that ends up happening.
Now, of course, there's arguments
against it, but I think what I think a
better description of Elon sandbagging
Tesla is not that he's sandbagging Tesla
because I see this all the time. People
come out and they say there's no way
Elon can influence Tesla's stock. And I
generally agree with that. Like, he can
say certain things, but the market has
shown it doesn't really care what Elon
says at this point. Like, Elon can Elon
has said a lot of things. It doesn't
mean Tesla's going up 30% after hours.
Um, so it's not that he's it's more that
what he's doing, in my opinion, is he's
trying to sell Tesla investors on
SpaceX. So he's he's getting ahead of
this vote that's going to happen for
Tesla investors and go and at that
point, you want the vote to be such a
slam dunk quit. You can't have this vote
be a no, right, from Tesla investors. So
between now and the time that that is
announced, there needs to be a sell job
of to all, and to be fair, a lot of
people listening to this are already
sold on SpaceX, you know, as am I. But
there's a a large group of Tesla
investors that are going to control vote
that Elon needs to sell on SpaceX, you
know, and if you're a SpaceX investor or
if you're a Tesla investor and you don't
know much about SpaceX right now, if the
vote came up, you'd be like, I don't
know much about this. So, his job
between now and then is to make sure
that that when that vote comes out, it
is a slam dunk quit and everyone wants
SpaceX to be merged with Tesla. And so,
I think what we're seeing now is not so
much Yes, there is sandbagging of Tesla.
I agree. I don't I don't by the way
think the robo taxi team gets shots from
Elon to say like pause or or like I
don't think it's that coordinated or
anything like that. I don't think this
it's malice but I do think but I do
think right now there's a concerted
effort on Elon saying let me sell
SpaceX. My goal is to
&gt;&gt; But let me let me let me hit you back on
this because you're saying two things
that don't make sense anymore. If it's
true that the announcement won't happen
until next year because of all the
reasons you give, why do this? Why not?
You're going to be launching Robbo taxi
at scale by the end of this year. So,
it's well before that merger. Why sell
SpaceX now when you've got a whole year
to prove uh more AI data centers? That's
all going to come together anyways.
&gt;&gt; Um well, first of all, I don't know if
we're going to see the scale of robo
taxis. I mean, I I've talked about robo
taxes on your channel a lot before. I'm
just not seeing the level of scale that
we need to see just yet. So, I'm not
sure I'm not sold on that premise just
on that timeline just yet. But that
could be still true. But I I think it
takes a while to sell. Like there's the
re the retail investor base that we've
talked to like we live in a kind of a
bubble. Like we follow every move and
what's going on. The general landscape
of what's happening with SpaceX is kind
of unheard of with a lot of the
institutional investors especially
retail investors. Like people don't know
what's going on. And so even if the
votes next year, the sell job is going
to take a while. And SpaceX is a
long-term company. It's not a, hey, I'm
just gonna have a hundred billion
dollars by the end of the year, MR, you
know, annual run rate and that's it.
It's going to be, hey, we're building
this, we're doing this. Why wouldn't you
want to be a part of what we're doing?
And so, when the vote comes to to to to
stand, it needs to be a slam dunk win
because it it cannot fail that vote.
&gt;&gt; All right. It's going to take a long
time and they're starting now. Okay. the
other part of your um show, the video
that you did, uh you were very skeptical
about the hundred billion dollar run
rate by the end of the year, you were
skeptical certainly about the trillion
in revenue. I think you're right. I
mean, these are these are Elon
timelines. Take that for a grain of
salt. Uh but which revenue lines are
real and near-term and which are the
ones you don't really believe?
&gt;&gt; So, I think the long and short of it is
that SpaceX will do handsomely well.
They're they're one of the only
companies positioned to do orbital or to
do heavy hardcale data center buildouts
like we've seen it with Colossus
Colossus do like it's uniquely
positioned an Elon company is uniquely
positioned on the hardware side of
things. What we're seeing like with
Enthropic for example I think Enthropic
right now is past hundred billion um
monthly run rate. I I think they're
projected for next year to do about a
trillion dollars of revenue. the the
inference revenue that we're seeing from
Anthropic. I SpaceX is just not rivaling
that right now. The majority of of what
SpaceX has going for it right now is
Starlink, right? With all the new
customers that's coming through, it's a
big profit center for them. Yes, they're
going to get some NASA and some other
things going on there, but and of
course, they're going to build out data
centers. Uh but I think that's a
long-term vision. So, all of that to say
is I it's not that I don't believe that
those revenue targets are going to
happen. I just do not believe that
they're going to happen by the 2029
that's being sold. And again, remember
Elon Elon's doing a few things here.
Like for example, the Terra app, right?
That announcement coming out with the
the Tesla and the the SpaceX joint fab
like like Elon is really world class at
setting a north star, right? Saying I am
going here, who wants to follow with me?
And one of the biggest challenges that
SpaceX and Tesla are going to have in
the long run is recruiting AI
researchers recruiting top level talent
to the scale that they need it. And I
think Elon is setting a north star
saying this is where we're going. We may
not get there. At least we may not get
there at the timeline that I'm saying,
but who wants to join me on that
mission? And he's really good at doing
that. Yeah. I think investors just need
to know that okay, like this is the
northstar. It doesn't mean that Elon's
saying if he says 2029 right now for a
trillion dollars for a full Yeah. Like
man, if if that happens, that would be
unreal, right? Like I I just don't think
Antropic is even there yet. So,
&gt;&gt; okay. I mean, he has said uh similar
things about Optimus, right? I'm gonna
have a billion Optimus robots by 2029
and then of course uh or 100 million
whatever number was and then of course
now it's it's all pushed back. U I I I
agree with you statements. Um the
hundred billion run rate uh CFO himself
said so it is just a month though. So
you can't really assume. But at the same
time, you said anthropic is going to be
a trillion run rate next year. And come
on, who has the more uh that if if you
can't believe SpaceX hitting their AI
data center leasing, how could you in
any way believe anthropic because you
got the Chinese open source that's kind
of undercut them. Uh and who knows,
they're running out of the compute
themselves. They need to buy rent it.
And so, you know, I'm I'm I'm much more
skeptical about anthropics growth than I
would be about SpaceX data center
leasing growth.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Well, the the the issue is one is
a hardware play and one is purely a
software play or if you want to call,
you know, just inference play and and
what we're seeing is Grock is just
nowhere near the inference level of of
anthropic codeex like like nowhere near
enterprise scale, consumer scale like we
like people don't use Grock at anywhere
close to the same level of of compute
that we're seeing Opus,
you know, sonnet even obviously uh chat
5.6 like Saul like all these top tier
models and of course open source we can
get into that debate at another at
another juncture but uh these like I
think these kind of anthropic plays open
plays I think should not be slept on uh
you know these enterprise level um
inference level deals that we're seeing
it these have huge amount of money in
them and I think next year it's going to
get exacerbated because the the and this
actually goes back to SpaceX I think the
cost of compute is going to rise a lot
next year and that will help that will
definitely help SpaceX in the long run
but again they have to get to that build
out first.
&gt;&gt; Okay. So, you're still confident about
it. Where where do you think uh SpaceX
Tesla, the combined Tesla, SpaceX fit in
the um kind of the AI race at this
point? You kind of hinted there because
you you said, "Yeah, I agree with you.
The Grock is nowhere near today, but
then you got cursor. So, you got cursor
composer, which is going to be pretty,
you know, it's like cloud code. It's
like uh OpenAI's codeex coding.
&gt;&gt; You got cursor. itself. You've got
Grock, then you've got Digital Optimus,
and all of these should, you know,
eventually catch up. The, you know, so
they're behind. So, so there's two
parts. Consumer, but they're they're
catching up. And then two is enterprise,
but you got cursor. So, cursor already
exists in 60% of Fortune 500 companies.
They're already embedded developers.
they are the number one that they were
using but they were missing
comput data center they were missing an
LLM now they got gro now they're all
combined together they've got a
formidable u potential to match uh cloud
code and um you know and then they've
got the unlimited space compute space
and so they don't you know they don't
have a challenge
&gt;&gt; where do you see
&gt;&gt; well I I maybe my programmer friends
disagree with me. I just think idees are
going away. You know, I I think
&gt;&gt; harnesses what?
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Well, not the harnesses, but the
actual interf like the wind surfs and
the cursors. Like I I think the the I
think we're going to be straight
shotting from like a codeex or a cloud
code or an app straight into our in
straight into our GitHub or whatever.
Like I I don't think long term that's
enough of a moat for for for for Tesla
or pardon me, SpaceX or XAI
&gt;&gt; or Cursor in this case now, right? Um,
that's not to say they're not they're
not going to do well. I just don't see
in my personal opinion, I haven't seen
any general traction in my general
community, my my my people I talk with
about Grock, about cursor just yet.
Maybe that changes.
&gt;&gt; Um, uh, but it it's just a next level
with cloud code. It's a next level with
codeex. Codeex is up here. Cloud codes a
little bit below them right now. Groc is
kind of an afterthought for most people
unless you know you're really
technically inclined, I think. So, but
you know, uh, all that to say I like
they're not out of it. I just don't
think they're there yet. There are
&gt;&gt; sector. I will agree with there. And
what what I'm debating is whether or
not, you know, they could surprise,
right? And that can always happen
depending on um the compute space they
have and the data that they have. Do you
So, one thing we haven't heard yet is
digital optimist, right? Uh, hard macro
hard supposed to come in. They're
positioning it. They called it full
self-computer. uh Ashok himself very
confidently said that it's basically
we're using the same full self-driving
which is vision and which we uh uniquely
have tremendous amount of experience
with taking vision and then turning it
into action. We're going to do the same
thing with computers and so I've been
questioning everybody and I'd be curious
where your answer is is that one of the
number one value props that Elon says
Tesla saying is that we have full
self-driving. We have the best vision to
compute which means you can show me any
this is the promise of microhard. You
show me any interface Microsoft
interface, a factory floor interface, a
hospital EMR, whatever it is. We just
look at it visually and we will know by
context what to do. We'll know what to
do, what to type, what to answer. In the
meantime, you got cloud code. They come
in and they go, "Sure, show me a video
of uh you using the the software AI.
We'll figure out what to do." And I'm
not quite yet certain that Tesla's uh
full vision pitch makes sense to me. Uh
but but I think Larry Goldberg explained
it very similar to latency. It's the
same thing where you've got like instant
action
uh versus taking time to figure things
out and then no need for APIs. That
that's clearly but I'm just not sure
that all the other ALMs need APIs in the
future or they can also just use vision.
But anyway, so this part is, you know,
where do you think do you think that
vision is a real value prop? Does that
make sense to you?
&gt;&gt; Well, I think all of this is really the
next leg. This hardware AI is the next
leg of AI in the next decade. Of course,
so I think we all know this. It's off of
the computers, less about coding and
more about real world interactions and
where that goes for sure. Digital
optimist of course you can watch a
computer screen, right? You can move the
mouse, type, click, whatever. The
broader system will use Croc. I think we
all know that it'll be you know you'll
have one day millions of these digital
optimists going around and and Grock
will kind of be the orchestrator higher
level thinker between everything. Um but
you know this all is to say like this
isn't happening tomorrow and that's I
think the theme of this is like all of
this is amazing. Tesla SpaceX need to
merge. That's my opinion. Needs to
happen. Everyone will be better for it
in the long haul. But the short-term
growing pains of where we are right now,
I think people need to set expectations
that it's not going to happen in the
next 12 months, 18 months. All this cool
stuff that we're talking about is still
years away. And I think that's the level
of disconnect that I want to highlight
that I've talked about in my videos.
Like everyone seems to think everything
is happening in the next 12 months like
merger this this this and I'm just
saying slow the horse like slow the roll
a bit. All this will come. We've seen
Optimus drag a little bit. Let's be
honest. Optimus has dragged with its
with where we thought by now it would be
even Elon has said and so all this will
happen but I do think we need to really
slow the roll in the next two to three
years on all of this. Um, but again the
like this is this conversation is
exactly why Tesla and SpaceX need to opt
to merge. Like you can't have digital
optimist. You can't have all this
without Grock. You can't have you can't
have Grock without without this build
out. Like everything is energy with
Tesla. We didn't even talk about Tesla
energy and why that's going to matter
long term. There's just so much cohesion
between the two companies that they that
they need to merge. Um it's just when
will that happen?
&gt;&gt; Everything you're saying pretty fair. Um
logical. So, what advice would you give
to a Tesla investor? Um, feels like
everything's stuck and now your message
is, hey, just don't don't don't think
it's going to happen sooner and they'll
be too excited because you're going to
be disappointed again. What's the
level-headed way to position yourself
through all this murky situation?
&gt;&gt; Yeah. I mean, honestly, like I'm just an
idiot. I have no one I don't have any
advice to give anyone. But my opinion is
that uh all all this will be good long
term. There is short-term pain. And I
think if you're expecting a flip of the
switch tomorrow on an announcement and
Tesla shares to rise up 30% and after
Mar like I I know some people out there
that are expecting that and I'm just
saying the probability of that is not
very high.
&gt;&gt; It's lower. Yeah, it's very low.
&gt;&gt; Everything is a probability by the way.
Yeah, that's that's one thing I want to
communicate to everybody. It's like they
hear somebody say something and they
assume that you said this. Well, it's
&gt;&gt; I guess I should have been clear like
there's a probability that this will
[laughter] happen. And I mean like a
like a meteor could strike tomorrow and
we'd all be wiped out of the face. Like
anything is possible. What's probable
though is the question. And that's what
we're trying to debate and figure out.
And like all of this to say is that like
we need to slow the roll. I don't want
to see a 2.0 with the robo taxi roll
out, the optimist delay. Like what we're
seeing with all the stuff that is being
announced and talked about in the
merger. It seems like people are again
setting their expectations too fast too
soon. And guess what? If I'm wrong and
it happens tomorrow, like we'll all be
happy, right? But at the end of the day,
I think Tesla right now is in this murky
no man's land. And I hope the next time
I join you, it's completely the
opposite. But it does feel like this
right now. But that's not to say it's
bad. It's just every story has a few
chapters where there is a transition.
And it seems like Tesla is in a
transition right now.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. You know what's really challenging
about the time we're living in and and
what Tesla and SpaceX are doing is that
there's some things that move way faster
than you expect and then some things
that move way slower than you expect.
And it's hard to know which one is
which. Like who would have guessed that
they were going to say we have a hundred
billion dollars of you know revenue run
rate for SpaceX already in the contract
and that's not in debate blah blah blah
we'll see what happens in December but
boy that is a shocker and then we're
they're saying that's only with two
gigawatts if we stand up another three
let's say 5 gawatt
&gt;&gt; eight gigawatts we're talking $500
billion next year three five gigawatts
which is the low end $300 billion next
year and that's like three Teslas in one
here again a lot of skepticism and shock
but boy these things happen faster than
we'd all imagined and then other things
like you're we were hoping that this you
know robot taxi roll out would have
already been happen it's not
&gt;&gt; yeah yeah and and by the way this AI
story is only going to get more
entrenched models are going to get
better compute p compute prices are
probably going to increase inference
costs are going to increase margins for
all these model makers are probably
going to go skyhigh next here. And so
what we're seeing now is a fullscale war
going on with AI model makers right now,
chip chip makers, fabs. And what Elon is
trying to do is conglomerate everything
into one source vertically integrate it.
So all the learnings get passed through
and everything gets distilled from all
the way from model to chip to fab, you
know, all the way down to optimist,
digital optimist, everything. And so
this is a very ambitious goal, very
ambitious outlook and I think he's
setting the north star so everyone can
follow and talent can follow and he
needs the talent. Um but if if you're
sitting here as a as a bull and going
yeah just wait 12 months like
&gt;&gt; it's not 12 months it's five 10 years
away. Yeah, the the Terrafab is a
longhaul as much
&gt;&gt; that one is a very much a long haul.
Like you know, we're talking about like
like Intel had an Arizona fab and
they're still looking at a few more
years. Like it it it's of course we wish
everything the best but it's going to
take some time. Like these things are
very hard challenging geological
physiological chemistry problems. Like
these are hard. But yeah, I but I do
have more uh confidence in the
terrestrial data centers because they've
already done several of them and they
can do more and they've already you know
the most important thing is power and
he's already got 20 gawatts of power
lined up. So enough to power 20 gawatts
of compute that's already lined up and
then so you know getting five to eight
next year you know I mean uh so that one
is much more near-term and I'm much more
bullish about that but okay this is fun.
It's always great to hear another
person's uh opinions and thoughts and
you've defended yourself very well and
again just if you're watching it's I'm
not playing I'm just playing both sides.
I want to hear everybody's opinions
&gt;&gt; and uh we'll see what ends up happening.
So the best for an a viewer is to hear
different people's thinking of how
things can work out
&gt;&gt; and and and I'm like anyone I'm subject
to be wrong and so if you want to debate
me in the comments let me know. Like you
know I'm happy to change my mind when
data changes. Like the goal isn't to be
right. It's it's it's to make sure that
we're all properly getting rich and and
you know, stocks will matter. Stock
prices will go up, they'll go down. The
merger might happen tomorrow. Who knows?
But this is kind of the fun of it is to
come on and debate and discuss because
we're all thinking about it. And so we
might as well see where the future's
headed because the the time that we're
living in right now, I guarantee it in a
decade, I don't know, five years from
now, we'll look back and go, "Wow, we
were in the infancy of all of this
stuff." And we want to look back on
these videos in in the five years and
go, "Wow, we were discussing this stuff
back then." And I guarantee everyone
watching here probably has the same
thoughts.
&gt;&gt; Check out Yashu. Check out his video
that he did. Six minutes long. It's it's
not long. It's worth the watch. Uh he he
went on a rant and he's right in many
ways. Hit that bid is his channel and
YouTube. Uh and follow him on his uh X
account as well. He Are you still doing
your one:00 uh power hour live streams?
&gt;&gt; No, I'm not doing that, but if you
follow me on X, I'll let you know when I
go live.
&gt;&gt; Perfect. We miss Yashu. Thanks
everybody.
&gt;&gt; Thanks Herbert. Take care.