Channel:     jobhakdi
Title:       Welcome to our live show!
URL:         https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ck8vJ91APDg
Published:   2026-04-07 17:37 UTC
Fetched:     2026-04-07 18:56 UTC

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

We're not going to talk about stocks. We
are not going to talk about the tactics
and the geostrategy issues of Iran and
how the NASDAQ drops. Today is the time
to talk strategy. And I had prepared
something for you guys where I outlined
the case for space for Tesla and SpaceX,
how they go into space, the business
model and all these things. And then I
saw that there's actually a beautiful
website. It's called Terrafab AI.
Terrafab.AI. And it's from Tesla and
Elon and the team. And it explains
everything I wanted to explain in a much
more beautiful way. So I want to guide
you through this website and comment on
what I think is happening here and why
this is such a beautiful and crazy time
to be alive. So
as they say, we aspire to be a galactic
civilization. Okay, that's pretty
ambitious. And here for anyone who did
not follow Kardesh, the famous science
fiction author who came up with these uh
amazing ideas about civilization types,
there's a Kadeshv scale. Type one
civilization is able to harness all the
energy on one planet. So all the energy
on Earth, including the solar energy
hitting Earth, can be harvested and
harnessed. And the theory goes that the
level of a civilization, which I don't
totally agree with, but it's a cool
little geeky idea. The level of a
civilization is defined by the amount of
energy they can harvest or harness.
And type one that we are not, by the
way, but type one is a civilization that
captures the entire energy of its
planet. Whereas type two is a
civilization that captures all the
energy of its solar system of the star.
In our case, the star is the sun. So we
are a type two civilization if you would
harness all or most of the energy of the
sun. And of course it would require a
Dyson swarm, a swarm of satellites
around the entire not a swarm, a sphere
around the entire sun. So that's a way
to go. Our grandchildren will probably
not experience that, but if you're
lucky, maybe type one. And then type
three, that's a little out there,
literally, is to harness all the energy
in a galaxy, which it's debatable if
that's possible, and it's definitely not
relevant, but it's cool to think about
it. So, we are type, we are not even
type one. And the idea of terraab is to
actually do that. Now, you might ask,
what does it have to do with chips?
Well, to do engineering on this scale or
anywhere close to the scale, you need of
course artificial super intelligence,
which is the key. And the key to
artificial super intelligence besides
the technology that we fortunately
basically have now is, and I'm not
saying we have ASI, we have the
technology components for ASI. So now
it's about the number of chips we can
produce and the amount of energy we can
harvest to unlock ASI to actually
harvest the entire energy for each type.
That is a little bit the idea behind
this whole operation.
And they say you're here. Well, it's a
little close to the sun. I don't know if
you're here, but oh, if you look like
like to the side of the sun. Sure. Uh
that is the idea of SpaceX and the idea
of terra that we are now for the first
time in a situation that we have a
business model for harvesting energy in
space. the solar energy in space and
that business model is AI compute
because there's unlimited demand and
unlimited economic value in capturing
and generating intelligence and in order
to do that we have to capture and
utilize energy and the best source of
energy is actually in space because in
space you have five times the solar flux
per day on a solar panel you don't have
an atmosphere you get much more
radiation from the sun 40% more than on
Earth, but five times more because you
have constant full exposure to the sun
24/7 if you do it right with the
satellites.
And that is the key. We have that
beautiful and powerful business model
that then scales into this entire
situation. Here are the companies
listed. Of course, it's about Tesla.
We are builders. We have done the
impossible before. He kind of pitches
why us, why should we do this with
Tesla, with X AI and with SpaceX. You
know the whole story. Tesla has
revolutionized global transport and is
now at the precipice of truly
revolutionizing it with robo taxis and
robot trucking and then Optimus of
course and then Terrafab.
Then you have XAI, one of the leading AI
frontier companies and XI built the
first gigawatt scalei training cluster.
So they have very significant hardware
capabilities which the others don't.
Anthropic, OpenAI, Microsoft, they can't
do these things. So there's an
engineering edge to XAI.
Hardware engineering edge and then
there's SpaceX you know all about it.
Starship complete monopoly on space at
this point launches 90% of global mass
to orbit before Starship is even
launched. So when Starship launches that
number of 90% market share will increase
to 99% very quickly probably by 2030
latest
which is crazy.
Here is a depiction of the great
technologies required. We need 1 billion
Tesla Optimus. I think that's a little
arbitrary. This number could also be 100
million. Could be whatever. But we know
that Tesla Optimus demand will be
unlimited too. You need billions of
these things. the humanoid robots that
can do anything a human does but can
also do it in space. Don't need sleep,
don't need oxygen, can work in very cold
environments like on the moon for
example.
You have Starship, the absolute most
important technology of our time or one
of the most important technologies of
our time. This is the vehicle, the
reusable super Starship that can
transport 150 tons to orbit and brings
down costs of mass to orbit. The cost to
put stuff into space by probably 100x.
So right now it's $25,000 per kilogram
with Falcon, another SpaceX rocket. And
here we're projecting this to come down
to probably 25 bucks. So it's literally
100 times cheaper.
And I think the first step that we
achieve next year, very likely with
Starship, is to bring down the cost to
$200. So 10x, which is already enough to
initiate this entire operation of
space-based compute with, of course, the
AI satellite mini, the first version of
the AI compute satellite that captures.
Here you see the solar panels with a lot
of solar panels nearly twice as high or
like probably 50%. How how much is this?
80% higher than Starship. Starship is
very high.
So that is the fully unfolded solar
panel of the satellite. And then you see
here these little ones. These are the
heat radiation
uh technologies which is just metal
panels that radiate out the heat
generated by the chips. And then in the
middle you have the actual compute
cluster which will be small probably I
heard 100 kilowatt I'm not sure that's
what Elon mentioned be interesting so
it's not a gigawatt it's a tenth of a
gigawatt uh will be interesting to see
and these three together can make magic
things happen and of course this is not
a theory they already have giant things
here lying around so this is terra
uh starting I don't even know what that
Is is is that simulated? Is it some
Tesla building? Who knows? But Terra is
the idea to produce all these chips that
we need. And I explained this in
previous videos, but the manufacturing
of AI or AGI inference chips is actually
much much easier than people understand.
When people heard about Terrafab, they
thought, "Oh, Elon is going crazy. He
can't even do these things. What about
Nvidia? He doesn't have the
capabilities.
I had another video out about Tesla and
Intel actually starting to collaborate
in a very close partnership. Check it
out. Big things are happening. Tesla is
going into the chip manufacturing
business and it's going to be huge. Why?
Because Tesla and SpaceX and XAI will
become by far the biggest compute
demand generators and also the biggest
compute supply generators. And I
explained it before. We will have a
dedicated video just on the chip theory.
But when you think Nvidia is far ahead
and cannot be competed with, you would
be right. Yensuhang and his company and
his team is unbeatable in what they do.
But the trick is terrafab and the vast
scale manufacturing of AI inference
chips for space and for optimus and for
robo taxi is a different job and a lot
of elements of this job are actually
much easier than Nvidia's job. You have
a much simpler chip design than Nvidia.
The blackwell you don't need a black
well. You don't need a chip that is all
in one with massive training
capabilities. You can have simple
inference chips that are optimized for
mass production and price and
performance for just inference for a
specific vertical inference stack like
robotaxi like optimiz like space compute
inference.
So that is the interesting thing. Plus
when it comes to space compute
these chips will also be much less
energy constrainted
than the Nvidia chips that have to be
deployed or are deployed currently. They
have to cater to current customers who
are very energy price sensitive. Guess
what? In space, energy is free. You get
your energy for free. You get the energy
for a price that is defined by the
orbital lift cost and the mass of the
solar panels. That defines your price
divided by whatever the uh depreciation
is in space. Maybe 10 years, maybe 20
years, who knows?
And that will drive down energy costs
dramatically and that makes sure these
chips don't even need to be as energy
efficient as Nvidia. So this is a
completely independent equation of
energy efficiency. And of course, energy
efficiency is a very important piece
because when we think about how
efficient and how strong and how amazing
these AI chips need to be, amazing in
regards to what what is the engineering
goal for these chips and why I'm so
infinitely bullish on this operation on
Terrafab and Space AI and SpaceX and
Tesla
is not because I think they are total
geniuses who can engineer anything and
do things that Nvidia cannot do. No, I'm
so bullish because they don't have to do
that. I'm so bullish because that
engineering
mission we are facing is the easiest
mission, the easiest and the biggest
mission that Elon ever took on.
Space AI is much easier. I can't even
put it into words. By many magnitudes
easier than Starship. It is by
magnitudes easier than Optimus. It is by
magnitudes easier than FSD and robo
taxi. It is trivial.
It is trivial to build these things.
It's trivial to build the terra fab.
It's trivial to build the satellite.
This is easy. The satellite. It is the
easiest thing Elon has ever done. And
the terrafab is also easy. And don't get
me wrong, don't say Joe, if it's so
easy, why don't you do it? Of course,
it's incredibly complicated. But in
terms of innovation, in terms of
pioneering challenges, trivial. You pick
the phone up, you call Intel, you call
Samsung, you tell them do this, you hire
a bunch of chip engineers, you
boot up your open claw and you design
your little inference chips, you do some
test runs, and then you manufacture
them. It's literally trivial. There is
no huge R&amp;D leap required. There's no
deep science required. There's nothing
required like an FSD to solve a problem
that has never been solved. There's
nothing like Optimus where there are
tons of problems that have never been
solved and tons of complicated supply
chains that need to be created for
unknown things. And it's definitely not
Starship where you have to build
literally a rocket that lands itself
that is the biggest building that moves
ever built.
No, it is easy.
That is why I'm so excited. When you
draw a diagram and say how big is
something and how hard is it,
there's nothing that Elon ever did that
was bigger and easier
than Terrafab and Space AI.
Of course, it's only easy because we
have AGI and we have Starship and we
have Optimus
only because of or we will have it in
the next 12 months. Only because of that
it's easy. But once you have these
things, it's easy. And that is what I
love about this thing. This is the
craziest thing we have ever seen in
history.
And it's not a joke when they do this. I
know a lot of people get triggered here
when they see this. We aspire to be a
galactic civilization. When people hear
type two Kardishev civilizations, they
think Elon has completely lost it.
But you know what?
Never before was anything so big. And
never before have been people so wrong
how big it is. And never before have
people been so wrong how soon it is
going to happen. And that is my
takeaway. This is much bigger than
people think. And it comes much sooner
than people think. The size of this
business is literally unlimited.
Unlimited. You can deploy as much as you
can. And you can build infinite
starships and sell infinite compute. You
don't even sell it, you use it to create
infinite economic value. And all of this
is happening as we speak. This
trajectory is already on and switched
on. From here on, it's just delivering
more chips and shooting up more
Starships once Starship works. That is
still not the case, but it is going to
work this year. And from there, just
scaling infinite
straight up scaling. And Elon
understands it. Elon puts in ambitious
goals and there is no question mark.
There is no leap. There is no gap in the
theory. It is all here. It's happening.
It's game over
now. Can we all die? Of course. Very
likely. So this is bad. We have to deal
with ASI problems. But from a pure
economics perspective, stock price
perspective, scaling perspective,
building infinite starships, building
infinite satellites and shooting them
into space and creating infinite
economic value. This is all undoubtedly
true.
And to end this video, the most amazing
mind-boggling thing to me is actually
that all the stuff I'm saying here is
underwritten at this point by people
like the head of equities of private
equities at Fidelity.
It is underwritten by BlackRock. It is
underwritten by everyone on Wall Street.
And I'm mind blown by that. Why do these
guys suddenly understand all these
things?
I don't know why, but it's a fact. So,
the Space X IPO will be a little
overpriced tactically, but not
strategically
at two trillion. So, we have an
unbelievable Goldilocks moment where
Elon has worked on this without knowing
the whole plan. By the way, Elon didn't
know the plan, but Elon worked on
Starship for 24 years now, since 2002,
and has made it possible now that
exactly now where Starship becomes real,
out of left field, completely
unpredicted by anyone, including Elon,
AGI is here, infinite comput demand is
here. And of course, with that, energy
constraints on Earth. So, these two
things come together. And the third
thing that comes together is for some
reason that I cannot explain, Wall
Street, the biggest institutional
investors in the world completely get
this crazy plan. They say yes. They just
say yes and they're signing up. That's
the three dimensions of the Goldilocks
moment that AGI is here. Infinite demand
for compute, infinite economic value
unlocked now. Nothing. There is no gap
anymore. It's just happening. On the
other side, space delivery potential spa
starship is also nearly here. Let's see,
but probably this year done. And the
third dimension is for some reason human
civilization capitalist civilization
capitalist leaders for some reason fully
understand this.
It's going to be wild. It's going to be
huge. And we are here in Pioneer Lands
to watch this, to influence it, to turn
it into a stream of extreme income for
all of us. And then of course to utilize
the AI and we already started this
secret project coming out very soon. We
already started this to build the
Pioneer Academy to turn everyone who can
who wants to into a pioneer so we can
engineer reality because now we have
actually the tools to do that.
Unbelievable times. I can't even fathom
this whole thing. But we in the middle
of it and we pushing hard. I hope that
was interesting.