Channel:     cernbasher
Title:       Tesla's New Product Is About to Enter Production
URL:         https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LBeRHQaVUoA
Published:   2026-08-17 13:50 UTC
Fetched:     2026-08-17 14:00 UTC

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

What are we looking at? Tell us.
&gt;&gt; This is the uh the Tesla Brookshshire
megapac factory that's about 30 to 40 35
to 40 miles from downtown Houston. And
so what we're looking at here is a
couple buildings. One of them is called
building 9. It's about a million square
ft. And that's where they're going to
manufacture
um using robotic assembly of mega packs
um the mega 3. And the second building
is building 10, which you can see the
connection to there. It's about a
600,000
uh square foot facility. Uh that will be
for warehousing, logistics, uh raw
material intake, and some assembly. Uh
by the way, there are plans for a third
uh 600,000 ft building uh at some point,
but uh we haven't seen any evidence of
that yet. Um, this facility, by the way,
will have a capacity when fully ramped
of about 50 gatt hours of annual energy
storage production, which is more than
the Lethre and Shanghai plants uh
combined.
Uh, as it's currently stated, although I
think Shanghai, the Shanghai one
probably is understated. They'll be
making Mega 3s as I mentioned uh a 5
megawatt hour uh capacity per unit which
is about 28% more capacity than the Mega
Pac 2 at 3.9 megatt hours. Um and then
also the Mega Block which is a a system
that integrates uh four Mega Pac 3 units
uh which has onboard transformer switch
gear and so on. So the idea with that is
to make it uh connect to the grid faster
in a much more simple way.
Um, so that's where this this will be
made. Um, also I would mention that that
early on they were talking about
potentially making power walls from this
facility, but there hasn't really been
any mention of that since.
Um, they have some significant tax
abatements at this facility. And so the
hiring ramp uh for example 375 employees
by the end of this year and this is tied
to the tax abatements and 750 employees
by the end of 2027
and 1,500 by the end of 2028. So we're
looking at a you know 2 and a half year
ramp in terms of the hiring in this
facility. The other thing too I would
mention is that uh Tesla is uh
supposedly developing a uh vertically
integrated solar panel manufacturing
operation at the same same location
and maybe that's what that third
building is for. Um so we'll we'll have
to watch watch for that.
Um but it's it's nice to see uh some
progress here. And what we're seeing in
this video just advance a little bit.
There's some uh looks like some training
going on with these lifting units for
the mega packs. Those red units can come
along and and pick up a mega pack, which
I don't know how much they weigh, but
they've got to be pretty heavy with the
number of batteries inside them. Uh it
looks like this is set up here for
employees uh to uh to train. And Larry,
you said you saw one of these in
operation.
Yeah, when we u visited the Lthrop
factory, [snorts]
we saw them carrying these gigantic
containers, these mega packs. I mean,
like like they were cardboard boxes.
[laughter]
They would they would come and straddle
them, drop down to the ground, put the,
you know, whatever the extensions are
below it and then lift it up and then
drive around uh, you know, with with the
mega pack lifted up. These look slightly
different designs to the ones that we
saw in Lthrop. The ones in Lrop weren't
quite as boxy. They were longer. They
were kind of the length of the I wonder
if these things stretch. No, they look
like they're self-contained.
&gt;&gt; They just might be bigger perhaps. I
think they are as as long as the mega
pack is.
&gt;&gt; Yes.
&gt;&gt; Well, maybe not. The mega pack there
does look longer, doesn't it?
&gt;&gt; Yeah. I'm just wondering whether they
stretch out, whether actually they
&gt;&gt; they're compacted because the ones in
Lanthrop were were as long as the the
mega pack. Um, and but I'm interested to
know how they'll move the mega pod. I
guess the mega pod will have to come in
component parts and then be assembled on
site. Be interesting to know.
&gt;&gt; I think so. Yeah, it's still going to be
the individual four megapac units, but
then you've got that central integrated
unit that connects them all.
&gt;&gt; Correct. Um, the one thing I observe
here, Larry, is look at all the all the
tire marks on the ground where they've
been practicing
doing some turns and picking things up.
So, they they've definitely been out
there practicing a little bit and using
these these machines.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, you can see that. And I wonder if
it's the heat that leaves so much that
causes so much tread to be left on there
or the weight.
&gt;&gt; That is an empty uh mega pack. So that
mega pack is just the container without
the inids and you know it's the the
weight of the transformers and the
wiring in there that really leads to the
enormous weight of those things. Those
mega packs can't be carried by
conventional truck. They use these very
low loaders
um ultra you know high weight and I
think they have
&gt;&gt; special dispensation on the road. So,
because we we saw them, you know, coming
out of the plant with out of the factory
where the mega packs loaded. It's a heck
of a business. Actually, it's [snorts]
very interesting in LRO because not only
do they have the Mega Pac factory there,
but they have a lot of other factories.
They build castings, they build a lot of
stuff and they own, not they own, they
lease several factories in that complex.
So there's Tesla on, you know, three
different uh locations and some of is
not signed, but you can see the parts
that they're making. Tesla parts.
&gt;&gt; One of them is a parts warehouse if I'm
not mistaken. Right. For
&gt;&gt; that's right. Yeah.
&gt;&gt; All the different versions of cars
they've had over the years. They have to
stockpile a few spare parts.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. And there's uh they do casting and
then they also do some part assembly as
well. I I mean no I'm talking about
three years ago so or two years ago so I
don't know what they're doing now. Yeah.
&gt;&gt; I'm sure it's all changed. [laughter]
&gt;&gt; If we know anything about
&gt;&gt; I was telling you earlier I I've done a
I did a compilation several years back
now of all the square footage they they
owned or leased across the world.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; I I'd love to do another one. In fact,
I'm I'm going to promise myself to do
it. And maybe we'll use we'll we'll
enlist Grock. I've got several Grock
employees and I think I may assign one
of them to do that for me one of these
days.
&gt;&gt; Well, the numbers will go up pretty
rapidly as the uh Optimus factory in
Texas uh is built. That's going to be
another 10 million or so square feet.
And then of course the Advanced
Technology Fab will also be a fairly
sizable building, not to mention Terra
Fab, which will come later. Yep,
absolutely.
All right, so um now we can talk about
robots. Let's see if we
&gt;&gt; We brought Atlas to the New York New
Jersey stadium for one of the round of
16 games and we [music] were able to use
the robot to hand the game ball off to
the referees at halftime to start the
second half of the [music] game.
&gt;&gt; So, what do you think we're talking
about here?
&gt;&gt; Well, we're talking about a show. Uh
Hyundai, I think, was a sponsor of the
World Cup. that they use this
opportunity to showcase Atlas, which
they've made, you know, some big
improvements on. Um there's been a lot
of questions about, you know, was a tea
operated, how did this work? I think
what we saw here probably was kind of a
combination of
um you know, maybe some autonomous
activities that were sort of pre-trained
and then some tele operation. Um so, you
know, the operator would have to send
sort of highle commands to initiate uh
pre-trained action sequences, right? So,
it's kind of like pressing a play button
and the robot does its thing. Um, you
know, but it was a nice a nice showcase
and certainly building awareness of
humanoid robots. I think that's f
fantastic. I just in in researching
this, Larry, it's kind of interesting.
They they did motion capture of soccer
players and their celebrations. Uh, so
one of the celebrations is Erling
Harland. Uh, he has a meditation pose
and that they that they duplicated here.
[laughter]
Um and so they then they had to sort of
train the robot and sort of retarget the
the robot's body to to do these moves.
Um so there's probably a lot of effort
involved in doing this. Also a couple of
challenges they had uh on natural grass.
Uh it required retraining of walking,
jumping and their running policies. Uh
cuz the robot previously been re has
been trained on a hard surface and the
grass is different. Also uh massive
radio frequency interference of 80,000
fans of cell phones. So that meant that
Wi-Fi, standard Wi-Fi was was not
usable. Uh so the engineers had to use a
custom radio link attached to the robot
in order to receive commands. So lots of
different things that they had to think
through. Uh it wasn't just a matter of
training the robot.
&gt;&gt; At these large stadium events, they have
to bring in Wi-Fi uh repeaters
to service um them. Uh, and it it's
interesting that they couldn't just have
established a separate channel for it,
but I guess that's functionally what
they did is they bought their own their
own channel.
&gt;&gt; Uh, anyway, they they had to, you know,
train the robot to do certain poses and
it was basically pressing play to get
them to do it.
&gt;&gt; But still, it's it's impressive. It
raises awareness uh for the, you know,
general public about robots.
Um, Atlas itself, you can see, is not
nearly as uh complex uh as what we've
seen from Optimus or Figures Robot or
Neo from from 1X
um and other companies. Um, but you can
see that in a fat tree setting, this
robot could still be extremely useful.