Channel:     futureaza
Title:       Tesla Roadster Could Change Cars Forever
URL:         https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yiVkLNfm5IQ
Published:   2026-09-14 12:00 UTC
Fetched:     2026-09-14 13:00 UTC

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Yeah. So, here here's the thing. I I
don't think it's about proving anything.
I think it's about owners feeling
[music] this sense of pride and and and
a level above everybody else because
let's face it, this is going to be the
car of the entire century. This is going
to change [music] history forever. Elon
said that this is going to be uh 0 to 60
in less than [music] a second. And that
may even be a little too optimistic. So,
you know, you have to ask yourself, is
this actually going to harm people's
brains? Because imagine the GeForce when
this thing takes off and and rumor has
it this thing can actually fly even a
little bit. So, we'll see. It's going to
be a pricey thing to purchase. I mean,
rumors also say $200 to $250,000
and you have that deposit of 50 grand
that a lot of people have plunkked down
already. October 1st is going to be a
very exciting day. Unless you're
European, in which case it'll be 1st
October. That'll be exciting. In either
case, I prefer 1010 when [music] the X
takeover will happen, or as the
Europeans call it, 1010. Hey, I got uh
some guests here. What am I doing? We're
going to be having a chat about all
things Roadster speculation. Deep
speculation. We're going to have some
fun. I'm Brian. Welcome to Futurza.
[music]
[singing]
So, I got John uh aka TechGeek Tesla
here and I got Jim Spencer, the Iowa
Tesla guy. We decided uh as three people
who will not be at the Roadster event,
probably don't deserve to. I don't think
we could chip in and get one as a trio.
Uh they are certainly pricey, maybe even
more than that. And this event is really
for owners. But if you got reservation
and you got an invite and you got a plus
one, kick your partner to the curb.
Bring one of us. Anyone. It doesn't
matter. It'll be great either way. Guys,
101. What is it about? Um, that's that's
a crazy thing, a crazy picture. People
are are taking this photo and they're
blowing it out and they're flipping it
around and they're trying to see if it's
a shape of a car or what it is. But I
think it's clear that we're going to get
some sort of show on on a roadster that
they've been promising for almost a
decade now.
&gt;&gt; So James Stevenson uh took the liberty
of flipping it and then animating it. So
I'm going to wait until it loops and
click that. That's flipped over and
animated. That is Oh, really gonna
freeze on me? Okay. Oh, now it got
music. Oh, there we go. That is the
one concept of what we could be looking
at.
&gt;&gt; SpaceX package. Yeah,
&gt;&gt; that's right.
&gt;&gt; Yeah,
&gt;&gt; I've seen so many renditions of that.
Yeah, it's it's it's incredible. And
that looks so realistic. I mean, we've
heard about thrusters and using
technology from SpaceX for quite some
time now. So, that that seems very on
track here.
&gt;&gt; I don't know why it would want to have a
lifting capacity. Now, when you look at
something like the McMerry Sperling,
which I'll bring up here, uh, it has
fans that give it downforce. Tremendous
downforce.
&gt;&gt; Creates its own downforce. Yeah.
&gt;&gt; Yes. I don't know if you guys have had
this happen where Google just breaks.
&gt;&gt; Yep. There it is.
&gt;&gt; Oh, nice.
&gt;&gt; And if you click on that, it'll try and
download a file. So, that's that's
magical. Um, except the other thing.
It's terrible. So you absolute I don't
know why don't people like uh like the
Googles anymore. Okay. Well to heck with
it. I'm not showing that anymore. Did my
best. But it is a little Batmobile.
We'll add it. You know what? We'll add
it in post. Here it is. The McMerry
Sperling. It creates tremendous
downforce. If you were to flip the
rotors in the other direction, I imagine
it would create tremendous up force. But
with thrusters, with cold gas, uh it
doesn't work that way. Uh I imagine
some quick thoughts I will share on the
cold gas thrusters. Do you really need
more acceleration? I don't know. Maybe,
maybe not. Do you need more downforce?
Yes. Yes, in corners, in cambers, in all
kinds of track conditions. But you know
what would be really nice? A better 60
to0 time. And I know, but one way to do
that,
forward thrusters.
&gt;&gt; I [sighs and gasps]
It's crazy that it's gonna, you know, I
I gotta ask the question. I mean, what
does Tesla have to prove in 2026?
I mean, I know that they might have had
something to prove when they announced
the Roadster 10 years ago almost, but I
mean,
&gt;&gt; yeah. So, here here's the thing. I I
don't think it's about proving anything.
I think it's about uh owners feeling
this sense of pride and and and a level
above everybody else because let's face
it, this is going to be the car of the
entire century. This is going to change
history forever. Uh Elon said that this
is going to be uh 0 to 60 in less than a
second. And that may even be a little
too optimistic. So, you know, you have
to ask yourself, is this actually going
to harm people's brains? Because imagine
the GeForce when this thing takes off
and and rumor has it this thing can
actually fly even a little bit. So,
we'll see. It's going to be a pricey
thing to purchase. I mean, rumors also
say $200 to $250,000
and you have that deposit of 50 grand
that a lot of people have plunkked down
already.
&gt;&gt; Well, the original Foundation series was
250 and that was 9 years ago. So, an
even higher price tag, would it deter
the number of people who are on the
list? I don't think another 50 or even
100 would necessarily do that.
&gt;&gt; No, I don't think you're going to be
finding the type of person like, you
know, can I afford a base Model 3? I
don't know if I can quite swing the 35
grand. No, these are people that are
like 250, 300, 500, doesn't matter.
These are people who don't mind that
that 50,000 could have been in Tesla's
stock instead these last nine years.
&gt;&gt; Uh for reference, you want to talk about
some fast cars, let's talk about some
fast cars. Uh we've got a list here that
was put together. These are some of the
fastest production cars. Rimaca 0 to 60
in 1.66.
The Corvette shockingly at 1.68. I'm
very impressed that they managed to do
that.
&gt;&gt; Surprising. very surprising because it's
uh you know uh Camaro with lipstick
sapphire 1.89.
Yeah. And I mean the Bugatti
that's for the what million and a half
two and a half that must cost. Pretty
disappointing. Uh but this could be I
mean under a second that would be quite
a difference but really and the closer
to a second it is this is rarified air
getting
even under two is
really straining what the physics will
allow but my gosh
uh
&gt;&gt; it's it's hard to wrap your brain around
&gt;&gt; when you were saying that is it safe my
brother finally had an opportunity to
experience a Tesla on purpose, not me uh
springing it on him and him not being
interested. His uh physical therapist
had a had a cyber beast. And Jim's like,
"Man, that's so ugly. I hate it so much.
Can I go for a ride?" And he's like,
"Yeah, absolutely. Let's take it out for
&gt;&gt; your older brother or younger brother?"
&gt;&gt; Yes, older brother. Uh so born in 63. So
you can So he's showing him the the
amazing turning and steering and all
that and the lights. He's like, "Yeah, I
don't care." And he goes, "Uh, is it
fast?" He's like, "Yeah, let me show
you." And Jim's looking around. He's
like, "This is not the kind of area
where we You don't have enough road to
actually show me. Is this safe?" He's
like, "Oh, it just takes a second.
You'll see." So they come to a stop. He
launches it and immediately backs off.
And he's like, and he said, "That can't
be good for you. that like if you do
that on a regular basis, I can hear my
brain rattling around. And I said,
"Yeah, Jim, that's uh the third quickest
Tesla that they make, maybe the fourth
quickest. I don't remember, but it is
not anywhere close to at the time Plaid
was still in production. Both Plaids
were still in production. So, uh there's
a lot of headroom to go a little bit
faster."
&gt;&gt; Well, that that's 2.6 seconds
acceleration. 0 to 60 for the Cyber
Beast. Uh it's some people have actually
achieved 2.5 seconds.
&gt;&gt; That is really fast. Well, you know,
it's cheating, John, because they count
the roll out.
&gt;&gt; Yes. Because when this standard was
established, the roll out was just not
really any part of your 0 to 60 and now
it's a measurable percentage.
&gt;&gt; Absolutely.
&gt;&gt; So, yeah, these are quick cars and the
roadster's going to go quicker. I do
like that we have all these beautiful
photographs and then a silhouette. I
assume that's a key fob uh at that
point.
&gt;&gt; Mhm.
&gt;&gt; Um [sighs]
in terms of predictions, let's see here.
We've already looked at that one. I saw
this. I'm not convinced. Great. It's
roadster shaped, but isn't that like 30
[snorts] feet long?
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. I think people are wanting to see
something that may not be there.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. I love in the comments someone
said not to put my conspiracy hat on,
but how come you didn't show it again?
Uh, show it when you first recorded it.
&gt;&gt; No, no, this is new to me. I had not
seen this. Is there like a shadow behind
the building? What was that that we just
saw there, Brian?
&gt;&gt; So, this is what you see inside is
something's going on outside. That's
just We don't know what that is.
&gt;&gt; Oh, shadow. do not know
&gt;&gt; and they're thinking, "Oh, this is it
testing the cold gas thrusters." To
which I say the the plume would be I
don't know, coal. Uh someone did say
they believe there's a gantry crane
inside, but this is all scaffolding.
So, I don't know cuz I mean that doesn't
look incredibly loadbearing,
but
&gt;&gt; sure,
&gt;&gt; I've been wrong about things before, but
that is definitely too large to be a
car. Uh, and and they're like, "Uh,
well, how come you didn't show it
before?" And the NSF team was said,
"Because we didn't have any context. We
didn't know what we're looking at." And
I would argue they still don't. Now, I
did uh hear a [snorts] single source
rumor about a year ago about the
Roadster that it is in development, that
they have been testing it, and that it
will fly. And that he said, "Well, is
there an event? Can I can we go to it?
Is maybe there is an event." And so I
asked, "Where's it going to be?" And he
said, "Middle of nowhere somewhere you
can safely fly it." So then we hear that
maybe it will still fly. Maybe it uh and
it's going to be in Waco. And I thought,
ah, my single source rumor was correct.
I could not out them because if I'd have
revealed it, who knows? They might have
been able to track down my source. And I
protect my sources doggedly. So, uh, one
thing I wanted to mention, and I don't
know if a lot of people know this, but,
uh, we are actually having a special
right now. It's a three for one. If you
subscribe to one of us, you can
subscribe to all three of us uh for
free. I hope you guys like the picture.
&gt;&gt; I love it.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, it I didn't know what kind of hat
to give you, John. And Jim's looking at
that going, "That's my shirt.
&gt;&gt; That is my shirt." [laughter]
&gt;&gt; Yeah. I had to combine two different
pictures of each of us and then explain
to Grock that it's not four people, it's
it's three. Now, we have
&gt;&gt; a little like Wallace and Grommet there
a little bit, but
&gt;&gt; it is a claimation prompt. Um,
&gt;&gt; awesome.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Well, at first they didn't give
you a hat and I felt it didn't look
enough like you so I had it add a hat.
&gt;&gt; Awesome.
&gt;&gt; Um, yeah. So, that's fun. You guys in
the description their uh handles will be
there. Uh, but I mean you can piece it
together from their titles as well. So
there are opportunities to get even more
insights. What do you think will not be
seen at the event? Will people be
allowed to drive it? Not the spa, not
the SpaceX edition, but the the one
that's likely to be road legal. I don't
think the SpaceX one will be road legal.
And maybe they geoence those some
capabilities so that you're not using
them on the road. I think that would be
reasonably easy to do. But, uh, what do
you think will happen at the event?
&gt;&gt; I'd like to think that at minimum people
are going to get a ride in it. Maybe a
launch.
&gt;&gt; Mhm.
&gt;&gt; Um, it all kind of comes down to how
safe they feel that launch might
actually be for the normal human brain.
But, uh, I think they got to do
something. And I think, you know,
hopefully this isn't just, hey, they're
going to wheel it out on a stage and
they're going to cut to a shot on a
track where somebody launches it, you
know, a few inches off the ground and
saying, "Hey, thanks for coming."
&gt;&gt; Um, but uh I I hope it's more than that.
&gt;&gt; Well, you know, first of all, unlike the
Cyber Cab launch, Elon is definitely
going to be there. He is a big big
advocate for the Roadster. He always has
been. It was the first car that Tesla
released. So, I mean, I think definitely
they're going to have a lot of like
bells and whistles as far as the the
lighting and the fog and it's going to
the ambiance is going to be all there.
It's going to be I'm pretty sure it will
be live streamed also unlike the Cyber
Cab launch event. Um, but I think it'll
be a limited test drives. I don't I
don't think it's they're going to go on
about that. It'll probably the cameras
will probably go off and they'll
probably let some of the very first
reservation holders test it out would be
my guess.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. And it could be that they have
five or six of them. They We don't know
how many they'll have. I suspect more
than one, but for the test rides, maybe
not. Last time the test rides were an
incentive to place your order, get your
deposit in, and uh that limited the
number of people. But uh these people
already have the deposits in. Some of
them have paid in full. Some of them
earned one or two or 10 from their uh
referral program. Uh I just realized I
do know someone who has one that he
earned that way that I might reach out
to. Uh but I don't know.
&gt;&gt; Nice.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; Well, I have a I have a question for
you, Brian.
&gt;&gt; So, one thing as soon as this was
announced, I mean, X just lit up.
Everybody's talking about the Roadster.
So, I immediately go to the web page
because you if you if you click on the
vehicles, if you click on shop and then
vehicles, it doesn't actually show up in
the standard list of vehicles. You have
to scroll down the list in the menu and
then at the very bottom there's a
roadster. And if you if you clicked on
that, you could place your reservation.
It had some general information on
there. And now when you go to that page,
it basically says October 1st launch
event. So there's no place anymore that
there you go. See, you can't even see it
in the car lineup. You have to select it
in the menu. And there now it just tells
you it's a countdown. That's it.
&gt;&gt; So I I had instant fear of missing out.
Like oh no, like what what if I wanted
to get one? Um, in the past, you know,
at these launch events, you've been able
to place reservations or, you know,
they've opened it up for people right on
that day, but here we we've had a lot of
time where people could place these
reservations and now you can't. Do you
think, Brian, that that that'll be
possible on this launch day that they'll
open it back up again?
&gt;&gt; Yes, I do. I absolutely do. I think
there will be a whole lot of excitement
and especially if the deposit's
refundable and maybe uh maybe it's not a
deposit, maybe it's a refundable
deposit, but like a $300 or $500 order
fee. Uh there are a lot of people who
will place that order and see if if they
really want it and risk the $3 to500.
Not a big concern. I think that will
absolutely be opened back up again. Uh,
by the way, here's a different animation
of it. Uh, they're all good. They're all
great. I'm seeing a lot of people
dusting off their revised Roadster uh,
graphics that they've made over the past
few years, and to all of them, I say
love it. Don't know what it will be, but
excitement guaranteed. uh which is I
mean I'm just hoping we don't have
another uh cracked window from the steel
ball except with uh highly pressurized
uh gas vessels. That's not ideal. What
else do you think the event will or
won't be? What are we missing here?
&gt;&gt; I'm hoping that they use this as an
opportunity to unveil some cutting edge
technologies. I have to believe over the
nine years that this this thing's
probably been completely re-engineered a
few times over. I think when it first
was announced, I think the the the soul
of the the refresh roadster, I think
ultimately turned into the plaid and
everything that the plaid became. And
then we came with the Cybertruck with 48
volt uh architecture, steer by wire. Now
the cyber cab with break by wire. I have
to wonder if this is going to be their
platform for a semifinanced by rich
people
experiment into exploring the brave new
world uh trying to keep the rocket
reference I guess and uh to to to figure
out what's coming. And I'm hoping
they're going to say here's all the
really cool technology that no one's
ever done before in inside this thing.
My fear is that they will not say what
the technology is, but they will show
it. And no one there will understand
what they're looking at. And I know that
happens because when we went to the
shareholder meeting last November, they
were very careful to not show us
anything valuable about Cyber Cab and
like they had the wiring harness,
&gt;&gt; you know, filleted
&gt;&gt; and I looked at it and said, "Oh, so it
is break by wire." And the tour guide's
like, "What? I can't confirm or deny
anything. I'm like, "Well, you don't
have to. Look at the gauge of wire that
goes to all four wheels. That's much too
thick unless you're unless it's a quad
motor." He's like, "I I'm definitely not
allowed to [laughter] talk about that
because but and then I saw at the Cyber
Cab event, they had an exploded version
that you could get right up and look at
everything and I'm like so many people
were there and no one has said what they
saw because what they saw was just a
bunch of stuff. It's very frustrating.
Perhaps that's the reason I'm not
welcome at these events, but I don't
know. I don't know.
&gt;&gt; So, these these these thrust these
thrusters on on the Roadster, um I'm
curious if they'll be adjustable or if
they'll be fixed, you know, are are is
the is it will actually go up directly
or will it be just pushing back and then
propelling the vehicle forward? And then
also, how are they powered? You know, is
obviously the the battery there's going
to be a battery. It's going to be an
electric car, but these thrusters, I'm
sure, are going to use some sort of uh
natural gas or it could be a fuel cell.
&gt;&gt; Oh, nobody's talking about that.
&gt;&gt; Why couldn't they just pull air from the
atmosphere, compress it? That's cold
gas.
&gt;&gt; They could if they because if you're
doing that, then as long as your battery
is good, you still have your downforce
in the corners for endurance runs.
&gt;&gt; Very good point.
I'm hoping to show some sort of back to
the future thing where it goes from zero
to 88 miles an hour in like
&gt;&gt; a second half and leaves the flame
streaks behind it as it disappears.
&gt;&gt; I don't think people understand the
reason FSD tops at 85 is so that you
don't go back to the future. Guys, it's
it's like so basic.
&gt;&gt; Pretty common knowledge. Yeah,
&gt;&gt; I thought it was common knowledge in the
Back to the Future head cannon that I
came up with about 3 days ago. So,
[laughter] I don't know why you guys
aren't uh aren't following it more. Oh
my gosh, you guys in the comments, what
I really want to know is what do you
think the Roadster event will be and
also what you think it won't be? I have
seen a number of uh trolls and fudsters
on X saying, "Man, it's more vaporware."
And I know you're clowning, but are you
wrong? It's been nine years. The
difference this time is Joe Teagmmer has
seen more equipment going in to the
factory in a portion of the factory
where he says, "Hm, I don't even know
what they would use that equipment for
except building a car in a part that
doesn't already manufacture cars. What
could it be?" Huh? Could be anything.
Uh so uh with that said guys, do go
follow these fine gentlemen. Uh and if
that's not enough, uh come see all of us
in Moskegan. Uh we were all there last
year. Uh we've been there before and I'm
confident we'll be back there again. Uh
so everyone else, like, subscribe, do
what you do, stay tuned, stay juicy, and
I can't wait to hear from you clever
robots when you go to the 10-1 event and
report back on what's missing.