Channel:     brighterwithherbert
Title:       Tesla's Chip Team Lapped Everyone
URL:         https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7oYypAFWieo
Published:   2026-04-15 18:18 UTC
Fetched:     2026-04-15 19:00 UTC

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

We have several breaking updates this
morning from Elon Musk and Tesla. First,
Elon announced the Tesla AI chip team
has taped out the new AI5 chip. He said
they're now starting work on AI6, Dojo
3, and other chips. Elon clarified that
while a single AI5 has about five times
the useful compute of a dual AI4 setup,
AI4 is already enough to achieve better
than human safety for full self-driving.
And AI5 will be for Optimus and
supercomputer clusters. This is a big
deal. AI5 is about three times more
power efficient than Nvidia's Blackwell
at under 10% of the cost. Second, a new
version of FSE 14.3 14.3.1 has started
rolling out, not just to early testers,
but more broadly. Early users say this
point release feels like a big jump even
versus 14.3. This comes as Tesla
announced a new safety score for Tesla
insurance. Every mile driven using FSE
supervised gets a score of 100, lowering
monthly premiums. Third, Tesla's hiring
robo taxi field response specialists in
Dallas and Houston. And so far, no new
incidents have been reported to Nitsa
since February 15th. Finally, Tesla
China President Alan Wang Hao said the
Shanghai Gigafactory could build human
robots. Tesla's also hiring for Terafab
roles, and you can now submit questions
for executives ahead of next week's
earnings call. We got Brian White
joining us today. He's one of our only
true Tesla journalists. Check out his
YouTube channel, Furza, for exclusive
onground factory tours and interviews.
He is on the ground right now for a
factory tour. What are you doing, Brian?
&gt;&gt; I am near Lrip, California. I'm going to
be checking out the Mega Pac factory
tomorrow in a small group tour. Uh I
will not have footage from inside, but
I'll have plenty of thoughts to share
and some perspectives from others on the
tour. It's going to be great. Man, I
don't know anyone else who travels and
gets these tours and interviews like you
do, Brian. Check out his channel,
Futurazza. So, lots of new updates today
that are very important that I wanted to
share with and thankfully you're here.
We've got uh Elon announcing that the
AI5
is now finished tape is now taped out.
The AI chip design team has taped out
AI5. He says AI6, Dojo 3, and other
exciting chips are in the works. This is
what it looks like. Uh he's been
spending months and months on this, and
finally, it's there. I think it's a
little delayed, of course. Uh we were
expecting it to be taped out several
months ago, but it is now done. Thank
you to Taiwan Semiconductor and to
Samsung for your support and bring this
bringing this chip to production. It
will be one of the most produced AI
chips ever. Um this is an AI4 versus an
AI5. probably not a good comparison.
There are different views of what it
looks like. But the point being that the
AI4 has a dual system on a chip design.
This is a single one and uh Elon
clarified that a single AI5 has five
times the useful compute of a dual
system on a chip AI4. Okay. So this is
why it's a big deal. Tesla owners
Silicon Valley John asked will this go
into cars or the robots and he Elon
confirmed that it is Optimus and our
supercomputer cluster. So AI5 is for
Optimus and for the supercomputer
clusters. He said AI4 is enough to
achieve much better than human safety
for FSD. So I don't know if we need to
wait for AI5 for the cars, but that's
what it sounds like to me that uh AI4 is
good enough to achieve unsupervised. Is
that what you take as well, Brian? the
that yes exactly that will it go into
cars absolutely uh but it's not waiting
for them it's not like we need it to get
there on the cars it we are close enough
to the finish line that Tesla can tell
how much overhead compute they have
remaining uh and that if it's enough
it's enough now obviously your uh the
the chips that go into your little
devices at home are probably vastly
overpowered for their for their purpose
But that's just because those are the
chips that are available. At some point,
AI5 will be the only chip available.
It'll be in the cars, but there won't be
any noticeable difference, if any
difference at all.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, I think that's a good news that
AI4 is good enough. If we had to wait
for AI5, if it's taped out today, it
won't be available probably till second
half of next year. That's my best guess.
&gt;&gt; I think that's a reasonable minimum
timeline. Yeah. So, if AI4 is good
enough to achieve like superhuman um
safety levels and it has all the edge
cases, which it sounds like why they did
the 14.3 where they really crammed as
much as they can, made it faster
response time without requiring the 10x
parameters. So, we'll see how this all
falls out. But that's how it's sounding
like. I want to show a video of Elon
talking about it, too. by the way. So,
uh, this guy asked, uh, only hardware
founders, engineers understand how big
of a milestone a tape out is. Congrats
to the Tesla team. Elon replied to him
saying, "Every weekend, without
exception, for every 6 months, this is
clearly Elon spends his time on the most
important projects and this was
critical." Mhm.
&gt;&gt; Taping out is a big deal. Uh, taping out
in movies, it's like picture lock. Is
picture lock important? Absolutely. It's
a huge milestone and no one ever talks
about it. It's the point at which every
frame is what it's going to be. Now, we
just need to work on the sound. And
that's a good analogy for where we are
with AI4.
&gt;&gt; Oh, gotcha. Uh, so AI5 is three times
more power efficient than Nvidia's
Blackwell at under 10% of the cost. I'm
super hardcore in chips right now. I
have chips on the brain. I dream about
chips. A single AI5 has five times the
useful compute of a dual AI4. this isn't
to why why he thinks this is such a big
deal.
&gt;&gt; This is a chip that is that is very much
optimized for the Tesla AI software
stack. So, it's uh it's not meant to be
a general purpose chip. It's meant to be
an amazing chip for the Tesla AI
software. Um
and uh I mean a couple things that I
think
make like how is Tesla able to achieve
such an improvement? I think it is
because uh- because we are specialized.
We're not trying to,
you know, Nvidia has to serve the
superset of all past and future
customers. So all of their requirements,
all of the software that they've written
has to work, which is a very difficult
problem. Um whereas uh we just need to
make it work for our software.
Um and and so we we're able to simplify
the chip dramatically. Um, and then we
we also uh I think I think we're unique
in this, but like we we have an
integer-based
uh system. Um, and integer operations
are fundamentally more efficient than
floatingoint operations.
So we can do floating point, but we but
the vast majority of of our inference is
done in integer. um which is if you're
familiar with sort of logic gates like
the simplicity of of integer and uh it's
integer is much more power efficient
much more silicon efficient um but you
have to you actually have to train for
uh integer uh inference which everyone
else is training for floating point
&gt;&gt; all right so you can see that that is
incredibly important and he designed it
specifically for I mean Tesla's robot
thoughts Tesla's, you know, needs and it
is inference. He's got sounds like he's
got not only the best inference trip
that's out there, but more importantly
at scale, build it at scale and
specifically for his needs, our needs.
&gt;&gt; It it's he might as well be talking
about spells and wizardry. I believe
him, but I don't have a sufficient
background to to know exactly what he's
summoning. I hope it's actually smart,
but you know, we've got I if you know
what you need, you can make it. And
that's a problem all of the small
companies are having. All the Rivians,
the Lucids, the others, they're saying,
"We need an outofthe-box thing that'll
work for everyone." And Nvidia is
saying, "We will make you something that
works pretty good for everyone. Not
exactly right for you, not exactly
right. You're going to write your
software for our code, for our hardware.
not the other way around. And so you're
going to get into a position where it's
hard to compete.
&gt;&gt; Yep, good points. Okay, so we got the
single AI5 delivers five times the real
world compute. Massive leaps, eight
times compute power, nine times memory,
five times bandwidth. One chip matches
Nvidia H100 performance for Tesla
workload loads. Dual setup rivals
Blackwell, but way lower cost and power
draw.
Okay, so I won't go through all this,
but you can read it. Um, AI5 will make
the cars almost perfect and greatly
enhance Optimus.
&gt;&gt; So, what I was you and I had a chat last
week about power consumption for AI and
I said, is it possible not that we won't
need more compute, but that we won't
need more footprint for factories, that
we won't need more power for factories.
And this is one of those pieces to the
puzzle. you can cut your power draw by
by 90%.
That means that you can have 10 times
the compute without adding any more
power. And this is just one step. You
know, AI sixes and seven are in the
works. So that means that they can uh
expand what they're doing without people
having to worry at every minute that
they're going to deforest the world,
cover the entire
&gt;&gt; the entire planet in in warehouses.
And uh yeah, that should be some
comfort.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, most important thing is uh is AI4
enough for a full roll roll out of robo
taxi? And uh hopefully that is the case
and that's what I think I heard. All
right, let's go to the next thing that
happened uh that late last night. Uh
14.3.1
rolled out. This is the DOT release over
14.3. 14.3 is the is the newest version
of Tesla's full self-driving and it had
it did not have uh the 10x parameters
but it had 20% faster reaction time. The
point one is being incredibly
wellreceived. The first point I want to
make is that it appears to be going much
wider roll out than just the initial
group of people. Here's people a
follower from Canada who said that he he
started getting it as well and uh it uh
Zen uh rolled shared this he been
testing it for hours already. Elon
reposted it but the general input or the
general reaction so far is that this.1
release is not only more polished but a
significant jump over 14.3. That is the
feeling by the early users. Uh I'll play
some of the video here. wholesale first,
then Whole Foods Market, Ralph's Fresh
Fair, the Santa Monica Supercharger, and
finally Bristol Farm.
&gt;&gt; So, he used Grock to tell it to go to
five places, and it was flawless, and it
did that perfectly.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. What have you heard so far?
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; Yes. More importantly, 1431 is going to
Cyber Trucks. Uh Teslatino had a chance
to check it out yesterday and he posted
something pretty cryptic and we're all
concerned that uh uh oh did something go
no no no it's it's amazing it's
unbelievable. We're like, "Okay, we'll
lead with that, man." But, uh, the fact
that it is going wider, and this is
something we speculated last week is
that with how limited 143 was in
release, they may not release that one
widely. If 1431 is already better than
143,
I'm impressed, but I'm not surprised.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Here's what uh Zach did say about
it. He said, "After 10 drives and many
hours, here's my thoughts. It's a great
one." He led with that there. You like
that? It's a great one.
&gt;&gt; Version 14.3.1 feels like a big jump.
Even compared to 14.3, even for just a
point release build, everything's
polished, smoother overall as expected.
Always after a big update or fundamental
architecture change, there will be a
couple rough edges. I was very impressed
with how solid FSE version 14.3 was, but
this.1 added a lot of polish to it.
First thing I noticed was improved lane
bias and preference changes. Uh 14.3
would like to sit toward the left lane
on emptier highways. My driving tonight,
I didn't see any of that. A new feature
was introduced with a new P parking icon
at your destination. With 14.3, it
didn't show for me. Then it did majority
time. With 14.3.1, it's shown every
single time. Uh you can select which
parking spot and change the arrival type
from parking lot to garage. Uh nice
improvement, quick to change. Stop sign
behavior is much improves. It doesn't
commit. It commits and doesn't hesitate.
Speed bumps. Dip handling is also
buttery smooth. Great gated parking
lots. Just said no more notes on that
one. It was just perfect for these gated
parking lots. Uh big change with FSE
version 14.3. It now picks parking spots
quicker, more decisive. It's even
better.
Uh spa selections improved. Speed
control was great on my drives. Uh and
then Grock integrated again zero input
just did it. Decision-m reaction times
are next level as well. Reacted to
multiple bad human drivers we
encountered. What a big polish upgrade.
So it looked like a very big update.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Yep. Yeah. And that's um you know
all the things we're expecting, all the
things we need to see. Good to see them.
uh you know, no one's going to there's
still going to be someone who's really
upset, but I feel like that might just
be their default position.
&gt;&gt; And then here's another Sarah Sawyer's
response to it. He goes, "Uh, my first
drive feels polished and it's ready for
wide release with with 14.3. You can do
the P icon. The Mad Max slightly more
conservative conservative with top
speed, which is good. Did not go over 83
miles per hour. A lot of people don't
like I mean it's really obviously
everybody has their own opinions. Too
fast, too slow, what do you do? Right.
That's the whole point.
&gt;&gt; Well, is it because I've had situations
in 14225
where in uh let's see in chill it's
going three under the speed limit and in
standard it's going 13 over. That's too
large of a window. Uh got
&gt;&gt; both of those speeds are illegal in many
cases. I should have one that's at least
in the band of what would be acceptable.
Um, if we're not going to get custom
maximum speed,
&gt;&gt; please continue refining until we can
safely drive without getting tickets or
causing accidents.
&gt;&gt; All right. So, here's a big announcement
from Tesla that shows that they do trust
the sign the importance of improved FSD.
This is Tesla insurance. They've
announced now a new safety score version
3.0. So now every drop mile you drive
with FSA supervised enabled will receive
a score of 100 100. This allows you to
maintain a higher average safety score
over time resulting in lower monthly
insurance premiums. This is applies to
new policies in Indiana Tennessee,
Texas, Arizona, Virginia, and Illinois.
So all the people were complaining that
test insurance doesn't give you benefits
if you turn on FSD. Now they've made it
very explicit.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Yeah. Good. It's, I think,
reasonable. Let's get it to the rest of
the states. This short list of states
highlights how complicated navigating
the maze of insurance actually is. Every
state's attorney general has to approve
changes that could impact rate even if
it's for the better.
&gt;&gt; That's why I think the partnership with
lemonade is such a good idea. So, here
in Washington state, it should come
because lemonade exists here. I use
lemonade and then they will give me if I
use Tesla FS supervised they will give
me 50% discount for every mile that I
use it for. So I'm hoping that that
comes because it sounds like Tesla is in
a they have not expanded you know beyond
one of 50 states I think that they have
insurance.
All right. So that that's a big promise,
right? If FSE is so good, insurance
should fall. And if insurance falls,
that's another big driver for car sales.
U that's supposed
&gt;&gt; and a vote of confidence. Like you said,
it's a vote of confidence. We know our
system is that good. Uh if you don't
know it, maybe what you need is a few
pennies of incentive to figure it out.
&gt;&gt; Insurance, I think Elon even said it
himself, isn't it? I mean at the end of
the day insurance is real money and
that's your you know your best
milestone to understand whether or not
it really is saving it's saving uh it's
less it's the safe the scores are
actually better safety okay
&gt;&gt; there are people for whom real quick
there are people for whom their monthly
insurance is high enough that they could
save more than the $99 subscription fee
just by getting FSD. it would become not
just effectively free, but it would pay
you to use it.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, I think we're seeing a lot of
people say that. Tesla's hiring robo
taxi field response specialists in
Dallas and Houston, covering 24/7
shifts. That is your best signal of
whether or not they're going to roll out
robo taxi in Dallas and Houston. First
of all, it is day, afternoon, and night
shifts. And these are the field response
specialists. These are the people that
go out and um actually take care of if
there is an event that occurs, they have
to go out there and triage it, make sure
that it's uh that people are safe and
then um this is not official data
because it's coming from robo taxi
tracker. But basically, every time a
robo taxi service, whether it's Tesla or
others having any kind of incident, they
need to report it to Nitsa. And what we
saw was January, I'm sorry, December
15th to January 15th, there was five
incidents. They were all fender benders.
Uh, one was 17 miles per hour. The rest
were under four miles per hour and
they're all just fender benders. Between
January 15th to February 15th, there was
one incident. Again, another fender
bender. But from February 15th to now,
we've not heard of any new incidents.
Knock on wood. Okay. So that is now he
says January but I am pretty certain
that he me he means to say January to
February 15th to February 15th. So it is
now April. We're supposed to hear what
happened in March. We should hear
February to mid-March very very shortly.
Uh but so far
&gt;&gt; no incidents. That would be great.
&gt;&gt; And that's with the number of cars being
higher than it was in December. Uh so
that's even better information to have.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, that's right. And uh that that
this is it with 14.3.1
it goes out wide release and then you've
got uh hiring. Are you going to roll
this out for it sounding like they're
going to roll this out to Dallas and
Houston next? And then it sounds like
that uh you know you assurance
confidence and then you've got this no
incident. That's the most important
thing. I like what Omar said. That's the
number to follow. Don't worry about, oh,
they only have 11 cars that are
unsupervised. Yes, that is a good
number. But that's the number to follow.
If it's zero, if it's zero each month,
yeah, that's what means it's going to
go.
&gt;&gt; And let's say it's 11 unsupervised and
10 or 20 or 30 with someone in the
passenger seat. What do you expect them
to do to prevent an accident? There's
jump over. You can count those cars,
too.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, I think so, too. All right, so
we're following Cyber Cabs. Thank you
for Joe Techmire. Everyone's focus on
CyberCap right now. Here are more images
I took at Giga Texas of several groups
of them with some in action. Great
comparison to Model Y to scale. They're
now negotiating the small test track in
figure 8 course while others are lined
up for transport or going into the end
of the line facility for processing.
Beautiful photos.
Uh yeah, he's just like left, right, and
center just showing so many of these
being produced.
Any thoughts on these ones?
&gt;&gt; It's very exciting to see. We talked
about this like we have with all the
other previous ones. When we first saw
Model 3s lining up in Shanghai, we were
very excited. Model wise, we said, you
know, someday we're going to see Cyber
Trucks lined up like that. And we did.
And here we are with CyberCap. My
question to you is if this is five years
from ready, why would they be building
so many? Why would they be testing them
in Witchah, which they are? So, uh this
is this is good signal to have.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, it's the best signal that and the
safety of course we need to find out. Um
what's your thoughts on this? So there
was a news report and apparently the
president of Tesla China Alan Wang Hao
he stated that Shanghai Gigafactory has
the potential to produce humanoid robots
in the future. He described the factory
as possible golden key to mass
production of robots citing its
manufacturing efficiency and innovative
capabilities. This is the first time a
senior Tesla executive publicly
mentioned the Shanghai plant's potential
role in building Optimus humanoid robot.
He said this um like other Tesla
factories, Giga Shanghai can shoulder
important responsibilities in
manufacturing all new products including
robots. We're highly confident in
welcoming the arrival of new era of
robots. I think the reason why this is
important is there is a question of
whether or not
China will allow Tesla to create bots.
&gt;&gt; That's exactly what it is. These Chinese
robots could not be sold in the US
probably under uh a number of national
security concerns even though it's a US
company, even though it's using a US
design. Do we really know for sure that
something hasn't been snuck into there?
And I mean the short answer is in the
short term, no. You you don't know. Uh
but uh you eliminate that question
entirely by building them in the US.
China will have the same question. So,
could a Chinese
company purchase US-made Tesla robots? I
mean, maybe maybe for use in some
places, but let's just eliminate that
question entirely. Let them train. I
mean, they don't need China specific
training to a large degree. What they
really need to do is understand what the
world is and how it works, which you can
do with generalized information from any
market.
But then uh when it comes to the actual
manufacturer of them, if China was the
only factory, would other countries
allow them in? So Tesla would have a
huge advantage by doing both factories.
One for the US, one for China, and then
the rest of the world would be served by
whichever one of those that country
thinks is the good guy.
&gt;&gt; So Brian, uh what you know these
factories so much so well compared to
anyone else. Uh, is there space in Giga
Shanghai to be able to build a factory
for humanoid robots?
&gt;&gt; No, not even close. Uh, it would be a
much smaller factory, but still no. They
could easily go next door. They have an
option on the land next door. Maybe
they'll use that. They could go
somewhere down the block, not too far
away. Tesla does have other facilities
in that district. They have the uh the
charger supercharger
deployment uh factory there. They have a
huge logistics warehouse that's offsite,
but uh they I've had the same question
come up about a compact model. There's
rumors of a compact model. We haven't
covered it much because Reuters is the
source of it and they've been
notoriously unreliable for leaks.
Could they make that in Shanghai? The
answer is, well, yeah, they'd just have
to discontinue the Model 3 to have space
to do it. And I don't think they're
ready to do that. So, I think a new
facility would be more likely and
somewhere real nearby. I guess I mean
maybe they could
you could add it above areas that are
currently like parking make the make the
logistics lot an underground structure
but there's also a technically there's a
limit to how much of the site is allowed
to be covered with buildings and I'm
pretty sure they've already exceeded it.
It's China. They're pretty flexible on
those kinds of things. Uh but I just
don't think there's existing space.
There's definitely no idle space.
&gt;&gt; Gotcha. And I kind of suspected what you
were going to say there, but you know
this better than anyone else. So, you
know, I think this is bigger news than
it's, you know, I don't want to read too
much into it, but this idea that Tesla
would China will allow Tesla to build
robots whether it's human or not. He
didn't say so in China. That is a big
deal. I think the reason they would do
it is similar to why they allowed them
to build cars, right? It's because they
want to build out the supplier network.
&gt;&gt; They will force one of the requirements
would be you would have to use whatever
part number percentages 99% of the
supply needs to come from Chinese
suppliers.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; That will build out the supply for human
robots and all the other human robot
companies will take advantage of the
best designed
um parts uh and they'll share that
information and that is what they've
done. Right. That's how
&gt;&gt; playbook. Yeah. Exactly. The other thing
China wants is the tax revenue. China
doesn't have 10 million loopholes the
way the US tax code has. So they would I
mean Tesla is a cash cow for the Chinese
government. Tesla pays more taxes in
China than the rest of the world
combined last time I checked.
&gt;&gt; And having that production there,
they're going to get a cut of every
robot sold. And the more of them they're
able to export, that's even better
because all the plan, right?
&gt;&gt; Manufacturing leaves the country and in
the other direction comes real foreign
currency that can help them do all kinds
of things.
&gt;&gt; Okay. Well, anyway, so that's a big
deal. Um, here's another big deal. Look
at these roles. Uh, they're Tesla's
hiring for Terafab already. A whole
group, a whole bunch of them. TPMS,
senior process engineerings, wet and
dry, dialectric metal dep depositions,
integration engineers, plating,
metrology, they're hiring fast and
furious for tariff. This was something
we thought and we still think we'll be
three, four, five years out, but they're
hiring. It's happening like they're
kicking it off faster than I thought.
&gt;&gt; We can see it happening. And I I don't
know if I'm if it's exciting, but when
you get to the point of hiring a wet
robot expert, hey man, you're doing
&gt;&gt; okay.
&gt;&gt; It's not my posting.
&gt;&gt; Okay. So, Q1 earnings is actually on
Wednesday, next week.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; One week from today, the 22nd. And so
today you can go to sayennologies.com
if you're a Tesla investor and input
your question. Ask the questions. Do you
have a question you want to ask?
&gt;&gt; Me personally,
&gt;&gt; I mean yes, millions of them. But uh
fortunately we have this great system
where they'll take a few questions
typically from the dumbest analysts in
the world uh followed by the dumbest
questions retail investors can find. And
it's not Tesla's fault. It's the least
bad system there is. But you do get, you
know, the the question, the number one
question Sawyer had posted was, "So,
what's up with hardware 3? How do I get
that to be fully unsupervised?" And it's
like, "Okay, so he already told you if
it doesn't fit inside that hardware,
you'll get new hardware. That's not
enough." Okay. The answer is we solve
for hardware 4 and then we compress. We
crunch down.
Do you need us to explain how software
development works? I don't I mean I feel
like we've been over this so many times.
So the say technology questions if you
guys get a chance to go in you have to
register your shares then you get to uh
vote with that with that number of
shares. You don't get one vote you get
one vote per share. So find smart
questions. Uh, don't waste your precious
few votes. I think you only get five.
Don't waste those votes on questions
that can be answered. Uh, questions that
can't be answered at all because a lot
of them are like, oh, what uh, will
there be robots in space? It's like
that's forwardlooking, you guys. We
can't address that. So, uh, try and
restrict it to
&gt;&gt; the present as much as possible.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. I think the most important for
Tesla investors is the roll out of robo
taxi and the question is what they might
answer it hopefully even before the
question format but you know what it's
delayed
uh but they seem to be setting up
everywhere putting the you know putting
the setup everywhere in many 34
countries by the way 34 uh cities it's
crazy how many people they're hiring uh
but what's what happened is it the
safety is it operations is Is it
hardware? Is it software? What is going
on? I love them to explain that a little
bit. And then whether or not it's
resolved, right? Are we ready to go
scale? Because they did say that they
were going to expect to double per month
and it didn't happen.
&gt;&gt; So, they need to explain that.
&gt;&gt; All right.
&gt;&gt; Thank you so much, Brian. Appreciate
you. Uh you're on the ground, so check
out his channel, Futurza, when he drops
these videos explaining a lot more about
Lyrope, uh what's going on there. Thank
you so much, Brian. Appreciate you. Talk
to you soon. I've created a website that
is the most comprehensive resource for
the Tesla investor. Please check it out.
Simply go to my website at herbert.com.