Channel:     jobhakdi
Title:       Why I am LOADING UP On Tesla Stock
URL:         https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eR8Qp800RCw
Published:   2026-07-31 19:37 UTC
Fetched:     2026-07-31 20:00 UTC

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

I know it was a very exhausting couple
of weeks for Tesla investors and believe
me not just for Tesla investors. It was
the absolute horror show. I have rarely
seen something that bad as for a month
in July. And you know what happened?
Leopold Ashen Brener's situation
awareness got kicked out of the market.
He's still having his little fund, but
he had to liquidate a huge chunk of his
positions, sell it to Ken Griffin, this
super shark. And I reported on this
yesterday, but today it's back, back to
bread and butter here to talk about
Tesla because we haven't talked about
Tesla for few days now. And you know
what happened to Tesla. I warn everyone
before the earnings call that I'm
lightening up dramatically on Tesla
because I had a very bad fe I was very
sure that this can't be a good call and
that was the right call. I got a little
creamed then on my micron play. So that
didn't play out too well. It I think it
black zero somewhere around there but
there was definitely no alpha in Micron
with the insanity that ensued this week.
I can't even believe it was this week.
It seemed like decades ago. So on
Wednesday we had this giant sell off
after the Fed meeting even though the
Fed meeting was super bullish and great
but there was forced selling. It was the
Leopold Ashen Ashen Brena effect that
sometimes happened and everyone got
slaughtered on it including Tesla but
the entire market and then we saw this
big big
snapback.
What do I think of Tesla now? We have a
lot of discussions. We have SpaceX
earnings coming up next week and people
are nervous about it. I'm becoming more
constructive at these prices. I got out
at 366. We now at 310 what we saw in the
last 5 days. I'm not totally out by the
way. I remain in the small core
position, but I'm underinvested
compared to where I want to be. So I am
now going back in. I just went back in
today to the full core position, not
more because
I think the riskreward here is pretty
good. This sell off was just bad. I knew
something bad is happening.
Can we go lower from here? Sure, we have
to watch the market and keep watching
the market. We know that robo taxi and
everything is a little delayed and
people are not too optimistic about it.
But I think we have hit now peak
depression sentiment. And one thing that
I want to make very clear when it comes
to this Tesla discussions, you guys
always need to look at the entire
market. And Tesla didn't behave that
weird if you compare to Google for
example. Uh you know, Google dropped 7%
with Tesla after earnings. They had
parallel earnings. That's a lot of
dropping for Google. Of course, Google
recovered quicker than Tesla. And I'm
not saying Tesla is in great shape, but
here I am just sensing when you look at
the entire market that we are
potentially now in a process of getting
over this horrible, horrible July.
You look at here the NASDAQ down 3.44%.
Do we have month to date? No, this
starts
uh June June 30th. Yeah, that's kind of
So we are only down 3.44% 4 4% after
going up 3%
on Thursday.
And I do think as you all know that this
is not a time to be actually too worried
about. We saw like a big breather we
took. Here is the long-term chart of the
market. So my takeaway is yeah Tesla is
underperforming the market a little bit.
I think it will keep underperforming the
market until we see some movements. But
that doesn't mean it has to drop. It
will not drop if the market goes up. So
what we have to understand is what is
the market doing? The market is now in a
situation where we are ready to go on
the next leg of the rally. AI is here to
stay. We have a lot of things happening
in AI. Deepseek just on Friday released
its new flash version which is ab
absolutely mind-boggling. So all of that
stuff is in full swing. We have seen the
Microsoft earnings. We have seen the
Amazon earnings both blew it out of the
water and these are the most important
hyperscalers on Asia absolutely stunning
numbers Microsoft had on Amazon AWS
absolutely stunning numbers and
accordingly these stocks are up by a lot
these giant stocks look at Amazon today
15% like like Microsoft unbelievable
performance Chris Camilo made a total
killing you have to listen to his story
with Amazon uh amazing story Chris is
the master of his trade, a big Chris
fan. He went all into Amazon. Uh did a
little risky options play in my opinion,
but he succeeded again, but it wasn't
easy. And so why is this important for
Tesla? Because we see with Amazon and
Microsoft, I said it on Wednesday in the
panic attack after the Fed. I said if
Microsoft, if Microsoft, Meta, and
Amazon, if at least two of them come out
positive,
Meta missed a little bit. Even though on
the cloud side I don't even think that
we have to be too concerned but meta is
also much less important than Amazon and
Microsoft in terms of the AI game. And
we see now with both Amazon and
Microsoft we've absolutely green light
these giant hypers scales the most two
most important hyperscalers maybe
together with Google who also killed it
but Amazon and Microsoft might be even
more important than Google. The AI trade
is in full swing now and we will see the
market recover based on that because you
know Micron and all these you know crazy
infrastructure plays were sort of off
like insane. Now we are get now we're
getting back into in my opinion the next
leg of the rally. We are ready to do
that
and that will be good for Tesla. Hey on
this channel we do something very
important. We deeply analyze,
understand, and predict capital, AGI,
and politics. Not just to beat the
markets and make a lot of money, even
though that's important, but also to
build a new society and make the future
good for all of us, the pioneers. If you
want to help me on this journey, you can
do that by doing a very simple thing.
Like and subscribe. It helps me a lot.
Thank you so much for your support. And
let's get back to the video. So this is
the chart you have to watch for Tesla.
Uh because in the end it's always the
same mistake everyone makes that you're
too focused on a singular stock when you
want to predict the stock price. Most of
these stocks only rarely deviate from
the market. Of course some I think Tesla
is not in the greatest tactical
short-term position but we have been
selling off like crazy after earnings.
Now we are fine in my opinion and we are
ready to creep back to 360 pretty
quickly in my opinion if the market gets
back its footing.
That is what I think is going to happen.
And so I'm putting on my Tesla position
and let's see how this goes. And there's
lots of people out there who do all
kinds of technical analysis and I am a
big critic of technical analysis.
You know, it's like it's good to look at
that stuff, but what what is much more?
You have basically three things you have
to do or you can do. You have
fundamental analysis. Okay, that's I'm
big I'm a big fan of that. You can
forget all your technical analysis
stuff. If there's a fundamental thing
happening, you can do all the charts in
the world. If they roll out tomorrow
10,000 cyber caps,
say goodbye to your charts. So, it's
much more important to predict these
fundamental things or as Chris Camilo
did with Amazon to be ahead of the game
with Alpha on your research into
earnings. For example, I'm never doing
earnings. That's too complicated. But he
he was very good in absolutely nailing
Amazon. I had extremely high conviction.
He said 200 hours of research into
Amazon. And I believe him. He's doing a
good job on that side. Same what we are
doing here. I'm a big fan of fundamental
analysis and understanding what's going
on. That's why I became a little less
bullish because I think we will have a
delay in robo taxi from my initial
prediction that we are at 15,000 end of
this year deployed robo taxis. I think
I think it's it could happen but I'm
pushing that into Q1. I think then it
will happen. Yes, it could happen this
year but I'm less confident. I think
it's more likely that it happens three
or six months delayed. I would bet on
three months delayed by March. Let's
see. So because of that, I became
tactically less bullish.
But that does not mean we cannot very
quickly get back to 360.
And that's actually a lot of
appreciation, right? We are only at 300
now. So if you go up 50, that's nearly
that's 15% plus up. And I think that can
just happen with the market. And so that
is why I am cautiously getting back into
the game or half cautiously and uh you
know from there we can just keep
watching what's happening but we don't
need any action on the Tesla side to go
back to 360. We just need the market to
go up and I think the market is setting
up very nicely to do exactly that. So
just want to give you this quick update
on the strategy here on the Tesla side.
The next big thing we are working on
here with the analysts is looking into
Colossus 2 and three and maybe four for
SpaceX to predict a little better what's
coming.
I don't know how important the earnings
call will be. Maybe they will actually
announce some things there but I don't
know how important announcements are in
this crazy market. I think results are
more important. Uh we have of course I
can give you a little teaser. We have of
course some reports here from Gavin
Baker, but it's not from Gavin Baker.
He's just reporting about another
report. I do not agree with this report.
I think it's exaggerated. I think it's
too bullish. Uh I do not think that
SpaceX will deploy 4 GW this year. I
think that's a little ridiculous if you
ask me. We can be lucky if they deploy 2
gawatt. That's a lot. And maybe they do
another two next year. I think we have
to be a little reasonable. I I don't
trust this report. And what we as Tesla
investors have to understand is and the
earnings call for SpaceX next week will
shed more light on that. How tightly is
SpaceX and Tesla actually connected. Do
we see any kind of relationship between
these two stocks? If SpaceX drops a lot
after earnings or goes up a lot after
earnings, I think going up is more
likely than dropping at this point, by
the way.
But let's see. Uh SpaceX is still hard
to predict because the price discovery
by the market has not been completed. It
hasn't even really started. We need to
see these unlocks that start next week
August 6. We see the first big share
unlock where more shares come into much
more shares come into the market for
SpaceX will which will create selling
pressure. That is why everyone is
holding back on buying the stock
including me because no one knows what
actually happens when the selling
pressure happens. I think next week will
be a total revelation for SpaceX. I will
have an extra video on that coming out
in the next couple of days where we look
at SpaceX and what it might do. In the
meantime,
we will keep
looking at Tesla. Here's a little fake
news uh thing. Maybe you've seen this
that Wall Street Journal reported that
Tesla is considering selling China, its
Chinese division in conjunction with the
merger. Uh then Elon says it's fake
news.
And he says this has never come up in a
discussion ever. Absolutely fake news.
And uh I think we can forget about this.
It's probably some junior banker or
something started discussing this and
leaked it to the Wall Street Wall Street
Journal. I think it doesn't matter at
all. Uh here look at this. I mean they
just want clicks. So I would discount
that. Uh and that is my take for now on
Tesla. Let's just see what the market
does. We will follow the market for now.
All the action has been done. The damage
has been done and now it's time to creep
back up
assuming the market does what I think it
will do. So big picture AI play is on
the little tantrum that Leopold and Ken
and the little games playing the market.
Ken playing Leo playing the market is
probably over at this point. The market
has had it worst July ever and we are
ready to continue the bull run. That is
my take. Good for Tesla. Maybe even
better for other stocks. But we have
high conver. That's why I'm putting on
the core position again. I hope that was
interesting. SpaceX coming up soon.
Until then,