Channel:     brighterwithherbert
Title:       Elon Is Scaling SpaceX Everywhere!
URL:         https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7JzEcU7XDYA
Published:   2026-08-24 13:30 UTC
Fetched:     2026-08-24 14:00 UTC

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

SpaceX announced or pulled off five big
things in just a few days. Launches,
satellites, a spaceport, land deals, and
of course, AI. First, SpaceX has now
successfully completed its 100th launch
so far this year. The milestone flight
carried 24 more Starlinks, plus the
Starlink satellite constellation has now
officially crossed 11,000 satellites,
and SpaceX has asked the FCC for 100,000
more. And a surprise, Starling filed to
beam straight to phones in India, a
30,000 satellite proposal. And Sherman,
Texas approved turning dead mall parking
into a Starlink gateway. Second,
Louisiana Governor Jeff Landry is
scheduled to announce a multi-billion
dollar SpaceX spaceport deal on over
130,000 acres. Plus, SpaceX AI has
agreed to a 51 acre land swap deal with
Mississippi. Third, Elon confirmed that
SpaceX now launches over 80% of the
world's mass to orbit and the Starship
target floating around is 2.25 million
tons a year by 2032 against 2,200 tons
last year. And finally, now that Elon's
prediction that he made in January that
there will be 100x gains in intelligence
has been achieved, he's now saying the
next step are specialist AI models that
will bring in another 100x increase.
Token costs have half since May. And
when Nvidia backed a $ 105 billion Ohio
data center, Elon said it'll take much
longer than they think. We got Larry
Goldberg here with us today. He's a
serial entrepreneur. He's been an active
venture capital investor for the last
decade. Check out lumicanti.com.
Welcome, Larry.
&gt;&gt; Great to be here.
&gt;&gt; Thank you, Larry. Okay, so lots of
SpaceX news, at least five of them, if
not more. I lost count, [laughter]
but we're going to go through each one
of them because they're pretty big. Uh,
and some of them are just, uh, you know,
milestones as we move forward. No one
better than you to talk about this.
SpaceX announced that they've success
successfully completed their 100th
mission as of 2026, the beginning, the
current month of RAM. And the Milestone
mission launched 24 Starlink satellites
aboard Falcon 9. And uh Elon said 100.
So he's very happy about that. And then
they've officially crossed 11,000
Starlink satellites in orbit. I remember
when you and I talked, I don't know, it
feels like just a few months ago it was
9,000. Now we're already 11,000. They've
added 1,3,300
satellites to the constellation so far
this year.
&gt;&gt; And they requested FCC approval last
month to launch and operate a third gen
satellite of a 100,000 satellites. So
they're just getting started. This is
what they're asking for. So yeah, big
milestones, Larry. Yeah, to put to put
that into perspective, the you know the
2,000 satellites that they've added with
these 2,000 odd satellites that added
with these 100 plus launches have the
same bandwidth roughly speaking as one
launch
one launch of Starship with the V3
satellites on board. So you can imagine
that when they start launching V3
satellites, which could be as early as
next month, which probably will be as
early as next month, we'll see the
amount of bandwidth we've launched this
year to date every other week or every
month and then soon every other week and
then every week and then every day and
then multiple times a day. So, you know,
we're about to explode in terms of
volume of in terms of bandwidth and in
terms of revenue for Starship.
&gt;&gt; Great milestones for Starlink. Uh, but
this one was a surprise to me. Starlink
submitted a new application for
directtodevice connectivity. Okay. So,
we've been talking about that directto
device meaning mobile phone um
connections to in India. So the Gen 2
proposal covers nearly 30,000 satellites
and includes directtoed device
technology which would connect mobile
phones directly to Starling satellites
in India.
Wow. Why why India of all places? Nar.
&gt;&gt; Well, I'm a little skeptical of this
announcement before I see the detail.
Um, so Indian press is, you know, if I
can say this, if I can put it this way,
is very colorful. I know Indian press
very well. I've been the victim of
Indian press in the past. Um I'd like to
see the detail on that because it would
be very difficult for Staling to get
that kind of approval without some uh
partnership with Indian companies and
it's unclear to me with whom they would
partner but it of course it's very
exciting because direct to cell would
make a huge impact on Indian life. uh
you know there's a very high percentage
of the Indian population lives outside
the cities in rural communities where
really cell phones are prized and some
sometimes have to be shared. So a direct
to cell would be an enormous improvement
in the quality of life for many many a
very huge number of Indians. So that
would be very exciting. I'd love to see
the detail on that. I'd love to hear
confirmation.
&gt;&gt; Okay. Uh kind of makes sense in a bit.
Like you said, uh they probably have the
least infrastructure for mobile phone
connectivity and they would benefit most
and so they're first to sign up. Makes
sense.
&gt;&gt; Okay. Uh this whole thing about uh
mobile phone is seems to be uh happening
faster than I thought. Here's another
news uh that's been announced or is is
possibly true. SpaceX is moving to
transform, okay, unused parking at a
Texas mall into a new Starlink gateway.
Sherman's planning and zoning commission
approved the project Tuesday. The
facility would link Starling satellites
to nearby fiber, turning unused parking
into faster, highcapacity internet
infrastructure. Having another one of
the world's largest company investing
here in Sherman is a great thing for the
city. So it sounds like uh this is a
first step for you know getting
broadband internet if if you can't just
do Starlink you can always connect to
these um gateways right
&gt;&gt; yeah well you know the gateways are sort
of counterintuitive to where we're going
we're going to direct to cell and
ultimately gateways will become
unnecessary with direct to cell but
currently most rural um Starlink uh
services are served by these gateways.
So we do need them and you know we have
many in the United States. I've given up
counting. I used to I used to keep track
of them but there are a large number of
these gateways and what these gateways
are is they connect Starlink to the
internet to the broad to the broader
internet the the USwide internet. Once
we have direct to cell, they will become
somewhat redundant. We'll need many,
many fewer, many, many fewer. But for
the moment, we continue to use them and
there are many across the United States.
&gt;&gt; Okay. Well, this is uh moving, you know,
pieces by piece and we'll see if this
develop over the years. uh land mega. So
they need to have land for data centers
and uh looks like Tesla SpaceX AI SpaceX
is making moves here. So Louisiana
Governor Jeff Landry, he's scheduled to
announce a deal for SpaceX to develop
the multi-billion dollar spaceport.
Wow. There's going to be a new spaceport
um about on the 130,000 acres near Pan
land in Vermillion Parish. He's going to
make that announcement on Tuesday. This
comes right after today's news that a
judge from the US District Court for the
Western District of Louisiana dismissed
the coastal damages lawsuit by
Vermillian Parish and the state of
Louisiana against Exon Mobile. So, they
were waiting for that settlement that
freed up the land and then they agreed
to have SpaceX be uh to build a
spaceport here. Is this something you
were expecting already?
&gt;&gt; Yes. Yes. So, we've been waiting for
this news. This is very important news.
T SpaceX continues to need more and more
spaceports. This is just the first of
what will be many announcements over the
years as SpaceX builds out a global
um network of launch platforms. So this
is the third in the United States. So
the first is Starbase in
in in southern Texas. The second was the
Kennedy Space Center and the in Florida
where they're building two launch
platforms right now and actually will
ultimately have three launch platforms.
So they'll have two launch platforms in
South Texas, you know, on Starbase.
They'll have three at minimum in three
in um Florida.
This piece of land is a critical piece
of land because firstly this piece of
land permits them to launch
um starships in a polar orbit whereas uh
out of Texas and out of Florida the best
is a east west orbit. So or or what you
know um what we call an equatorial
orbit. So this is a an important
component of their plan, but it's a huge
piece of land with the opportunity of
multiple launch launch platforms. So
this will give them their third launch
platform.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; Vocation. But at the level of production
that they're looking at, you can think
about
probably multiplying this by four and
then ultimately by 10 as they become
global and set up stations all over the
world. Um and and in in terms of you
know multiple launches a day, multiple
launches perhaps launch every hour
&gt;&gt; um as they build out this plan.
spaceports,
&gt;&gt; you know, these global uh satellite
network. So, yeah, there's going to be
global spaceports. Ultimately, it's
going to be pointto-point flights. So,
you can expect an announcement relating
to Australia in the coming year. There's
no doubt in my mind
&gt;&gt; and then the question is where in Europe
will they will they set up. So, this is
just the beginning. Just the beginning.
Yeah, I would guess that because this
specific spaceport was waiting for this
settlement to occur and then it happened
and then of course they announced it.
That means that SpaceX wasn't just
counting on this. They're going, "Okay,
well that who knows? They probably have
another spaceport that they've been
working on that that will announce soon,
too." So that's my guess. It's exciting.
Very good news.
&gt;&gt; I I I think they've known Yeah, I think
they've known that the settlement's
going to happen. the government probably
this to them or this was part of the
negotiation
&gt;&gt; and but but yes they they do have
multiple space that they're talking
about. I mean we do know about Australia
that that seems to be a well understood
piece of information. There's going to
have to be something in Europe in my in
my judgment. And then, you know, South
America seems to be the ideal spot as
well. Somewhere on the equipment in
South America.
&gt;&gt; All right.
&gt;&gt; I mean, could be Venezuela.
&gt;&gt; Okay. Another uh land deal that just
happened here. SpaceX has agreed to a 51
acre land swap deal with the city of
South Haven, Mississippi. The city will
transfer these 51 acres on to Lane Road
to MCX Tax, which is a affiliate of
SpaceX. And in exchange, South Haven
received 69 acres on Swia Road. Okay. Uh
why did they do this land swap deal? Do
you know?
&gt;&gt; I mean, I don't know. I mean, it's
fascinating. I don't know the answer to
the question. I mean, you know, I
haven't even looked at the map to see
where it is, but I mean, the rate of
expansion
of this looks like an AI deal.
&gt;&gt; That's a power plant here. Yeah.
&gt;&gt; Almost certainly an XAI deal where they
where they consolidate.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. That's what it
looks like. I mean the rate of expansion
if you think about the ownership of land
by SpaceX this gigantic you know terraab
that they've assembled this gigantic
area in Louisiana and now this work in
Tennessee miss Mississippi in terms of
um Tennessee Louisiana in terms of
assembling
data centers it it's it it's head
spinning what they're doing I mean the
rate of the rate of um investment by
SpaceX is just
&gt;&gt; Yeah, it's that that's a great uh
leadway
&gt;&gt; and and I'm smiling because I kind of
expected it all.
&gt;&gt; Sorry, I can't hear you. Um okay. Yeah,
you're great uh lead to this because
this is the next segment here. SpaceX
next chapter is going to look very
almost magical. Falcon already
revolutionized the space industry and
now SpaceX launches more than 80% of the
world's mass to orbit. Starship's about
to take this to a completely different
level. SpaceX is aiming for roughly 2.25
million tons of mass to orbit per year
by 2032. For a perspective, right now
they only do 2.2,000
tons into orbit. 2,000 tons into orbit
in all of 2025. That's roughly a 1,000
time increase in annual mass to orbit.
that scale. The entire way we think
about SpaceX space changes because at
that scale massive Starlink and AI
satellite deployments, you talked about
that. Orbital AI data centers become a
reality. Huge space stations, industrial
instructure in orbit, permanent bases on
the moon, enormous amounts of cargo
heading towards Mars. Uh, every kilogram
sent to orbit was precious is being
built for a future where humanity starts
moving millions of tons beyond Earth.
So, a nice little chart here. And then
Elon said, "Yeah, no, it's happening.
It's happening."
&gt;&gt; Well, for those who have followed SpaceX
now for many years,
none of this comes as surprise.
In fact, in a way, we've been waiting
for this explosion of activity to
happen.
And and the IPO kind of unleashed the
the capital. Um the deal with Nvidia,
you know, cemented both the capital and
the supply of processors of of chips.
And you know, the the focus right now is
getting Starship productive, getting
Starship into mass production.
You know, the the great unlock of the
20th century
was Ford's production line. The great
unlock of the upcoming century is going
to be the Starship production line.
SpaceX is creating a production line
of massive rockets
like you know we've never seen anything
like it. the the rate of production is
going to be staggering and
nobody
nobody has given this opportunity the
thought or the understanding that Elon
has brought to the table.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Uh I think another story we're
going to cover is how Elon said the
number one biggest problem that I don't
even know I can solve. The biggest
problem is actually uh rocket
reusability
and how difficult that is. But now we're
talking about we're almost at the you
know we're almost there but also that
we're talking about a thousand times
increase in the capability. This is the
big unlock and people like you said just
don't recognize it's as it's bigger than
everything you've just mentioned but we
can't fathom it and understand it. Um
same thing is happening with AI.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. And there's not going to be
there's not going to be a simple
straight path. There's not going to be a
simple straight path to get there. There
are going to be a few roadblocks on the
way there. There were was with Falcon 9.
you know, Falcon 9, we tried to la land
land that thing 36 times before we got
it right.
&gt;&gt; Hopefully, it won't happen with
Starship. That just gives you an idea of
the difficulty.
&gt;&gt; That's crazy. Okay, so the same thing's
happening with AI here. We are
experiencing it. We're kind of uh
watching it happen, but Elon has a
suggestion of what he thinks. So Elon in
January 6, he had a podcast with
Moonshots, Peter Demand, I think. And at
that time, so this was like you know
seven months ago, he predicted that
there would be 100x gains in
intelligence at a fixed model size was
at the edge of plausibility when made.
Now it's a fact. [laughter]
So at that time he said that there'll be
100x gains and this is what happened.
Quen literally broke the size to
intelligence curve. Look how far left it
is in the optimal quadrant. Crazy. needs
a 27 billion parameter model sitting on
the par front para frontier like that.
This resets expectations for what you
can run on consumer hardware.
So let's take a quick look at this. Quen
is on the far left. That means uh
billions of parameters. So it's just
beginning.
What what's going on here? Artificial
analysis intelligence intelligence index
versus total parameter. So even with
what less parameters than everyone else,
it was able to get equivalent
intelligence. I think that's what
they're saying. Yeah.
And uh Elon said,
so we already hit 100x already in just
the last seven months and he's going
we're going to get another 100x. What he
thinks he's predicting is specialist
AIs, single language, single area of
knowledge. That's what's going to get us
there. Wow. How do you interpret what he
just said, Larry?
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. By the way, her
I mean, Herbert, the the the rate of
advance at every in every facet of AI
far exceeds everybody's prediction and
this has been a continual story since
the beginning of you know the AI this AI
age since since I guess chat GPT
in late November 2022. I don't think we
have yet adjusted to the rate of
improvement or what's happening on a
day-to-day basis. I mean, I'm I'm just
staggered by what's going on and it it
every day there's a
&gt;&gt; Yesterday was Mona.
&gt;&gt; Every day there's a change
&gt;&gt; and so I don't I don't know. Yeah. Yeah.
Exactly. And so you know the the the
speed at which things are happening and
the rate of increase in that speed is
just it's it's very hard to keep up
with. I don't remember this level of
excitement since I I don't even remember
that you know when I think about the
Apple then the IBM PC and then you know
each step of the new process M's law I
think was underestimating what's going
on today. I mean, we're not seeing the
hardware improvements that M talked
about, but we're definitely seeing the
rate of intelligence increase exceeding
what M's law had predicted. Now there's
a long way to go because if you think
about the intelligent the the rate of in
the intelligent quotient for a given
weight of man's brain for a given weight
of processor the processor got a long
way to go which gives you an idea of how
far we could still get to in a very
short period of time.
&gt;&gt; It's crazy. Yeah. And it's not just
intelligence skyrocketing the costs and
speed is improving as well. Uh Kathy
Wood of Arc Invest and Elon replied to
this post here. So this was says average
token costs have collapsed from a high
of $2 per million tokens on May to $1
per million tokens. Main drivers are
price cuts to open models and new open
source models from Kimmy and Deepseek.
Right? So of course you if you send out
the the Chinese open source then you you
can't people can't charge his eyes. So I
don't know
&gt;&gt; you know what's happening but that is
kind of you know
&gt;&gt; being affected but yeah just look how
fast just in the last several months
like so that's market pressure I guess
um but maybe also you know cost
&gt;&gt; yeah yeah here's here's here's a
prediction you can write down that
dollar is going to fall to 10 cents
&gt;&gt; by March of [laughter] next year got all
right I got it
okay all right that's well If if
everything goes 100x, yeah, that could
happen. Uh Kathy, what Arc Invest said?
Yes, prices,
&gt;&gt; we can have a conversation on March the
&gt;&gt; prices are collapsing, but volumes are
exploding. Okay. Yeah. So, in ARC's
view, the price elasticity of demand for
increased productivity and intelligence
is enormous, setting in motion a
virtuous cycle that is in its infancy.
And Elon said, true. So, volume
skyrockets with price goes down. Pretty
obvious. Okay. So, uh,
&gt;&gt; right.
&gt;&gt; So, we've been hearing, uh, SpaceX
announce that they're going to shoot for
10 gawatts next year. Minimum 5 gawatt
is Elon's confidence. Somewhere in
between 5 gawatts of compute to 10
gigawatts next year. They have two
gawatts by the end of this year. And
that can represent $300 billion a year
next year for SpaceX or 500 billion,
maybe even more. And uh a lot of
research papers are saying that that is
more likely to be true than not. And in
fact there was another uh there was
another I think it was some analysis who
also found that they now know where or
they think they know where the data
centers would be built. Now SpaceX is
not the only company lots of other large
companies are shooting for this and in
fact Nvidia announced that there are
backing
a large massive 4.2525 25 two 25
gigawatt soft bank data center in Ohio
for $ 105 billion.
It's financially banking it. They're
going to give $ 105 billion in
financing.
Uh the project led by SB Energy is set
to be fully leased to OpenAI.
The facility could grow to 10 gigawatts
making it the world's largest center but
Nvidia will initially support the first
4.25 gig gawatts. Okay. So that that's
they've got the SP energy secured the
land the power in the shell department
of energy site and then they're going to
give 105. It had initially planned to
support as much as 250 billion but they
pulled back. Okay they pulled back. Now
the thing is Elon says this will take
much longer to bring online than they
think.
Throwing water at this. What do you
think Larry?
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Well, I would um I wouldn't bet
against Elon on this. Um yeah, it's
interesting that you know Soft Bank has
never failed to disappoint massive
investments that
&gt;&gt; they always disappoint what they do.
&gt;&gt; And so we'll see whether they keep
their, you know, if they stick to their
Yeah, we'll have to see. I mean, but the
track record is not great. Track record
is definitely not great. And I have no
idea who SB Energy is. you know not done
the research on I don't really research
um these these projects but you know
it's quite clear that what's going on in
Elon's world is that we are going to see
a massive increase in compute power and
I think he's going to hit his 10 g
&gt;&gt; Wow okay
&gt;&gt; you know for next year the analysts are
not betting on it the analysts the
analysts are all saying five gawatt
But I think Elon is shooting for 10 and
I think he'll be close to his mark.
&gt;&gt; You're bullish on that one. Okay. Uh
let's go back to Starship, your
favorite. Flight 13, it's actually being
recovered from sea. Elon said Starship
flight 13 is being recovered from sea.
About a week ago, we thought it was
lost. U so SpaceX announced that after
24 days at sea, because it was floating,
the SpaceX recovery team successfully
guided Starship to a location just off
the coast of Christmas Island. A team of
SpaceX engineers on their way to conduct
additional analysis on the vehicle,
Commer Waters, before attempting to
return it to Starbase. So, they can
actually return this to Starbase. This
is exciting. Look at it. It's floating.
This is It doesn't even look real, but
it's floating.
[laughter]
And they're not going to reuse this,
right? They're not
&gt;&gt; It's an incredible story.
&gt;&gt; It's been through very, very tough.
&gt;&gt; They're not going to reuse it, but it'll
be go It'll go to the museum or
something. There's no way that to reuse
it.
&gt;&gt; But are they really they
&gt;&gt; No, they're going to examine the the the
shield, the heat shield. The heat that
that's that's the critical part. They
want to see which pieces of the heat
shield received any damage, what the
nature of the damage was, what the
nature of the breakthrough,
where there were damaged um tiles. And
so these are the critical things that
they want to examine. They have
photographs of them. They have a lot of
pictures of it and they have pictures of
it while it was in, you know, in space.
They have pictures of it now since it's
landed in the water. Um, but they would
love to get their hand physical hands on
it to look at each and every one of
those. Well, not each and every one.
impossible, but to examine the heat
shields particularly in those areas that
were most vulnerable and which showed
the most damage to see what the nature
of the damage is, what caused the damage
and so that you know they can improve
the quality of that heat shield. And so
they're not going to try and recover the
the ship in this upcoming test which
will be flight 14 which will be early in
September. I'll be able to make it to to
see it. Um, and so I'm pretty excited
about it. Um, but they will probably try
and recover the booster. Um, at least
that's the story right now. Flight 14, I
think we may be able to see a recovery
um of the ship. What's interesting to me
is whether or not flight 13 actually
launches satellites and goes
&gt;&gt; Yeah, I think Elon uh I just found it.
Uh he's actually responded to it and he
said this uh looks like we will probably
catch the ship with a tower in a few
months. So next in a few months if there
had been a tower out to sea where we
practice landing a ship it would have
been caught. First reflightly of the
ship will be either end of this year or
early next year. So Starship will be
will be going back going back up again
either end of this year or early next
year. That will be a fork in the road of
history for consciousness reaching the
stars
because well there it's a replay but
it's also catching the booster.
&gt;&gt; Well I think that's that's Elon. Yeah
but that's Elon time. Yeah that's Elon
time. So even if it's second quarter or
third quarter next year, look, Mark 33
have done the numbers, SpaceX can hit
its numbers easily without reuse of the
ship if they just have reuse with the
boo booster. So anytime next year they
can actually ace this and get that
process going is a huge huge fill to
their revenue to their profits. So I
expect that uh we'll easily beat
guidance for next year and I believe
that it won't need reuse of the ship as
long as we get reuse of the booster.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, that that would be a well I guess
Elon thinks of it not just u you know
success of SpaceX revenue and
milestones. It's it's the h it's the
fork in the road of history for
consciousness reaching the stars.
This is it. This is humanity being able
to reuse rockets and if you can lower
cost.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. I mean to get a SE to get the I
mean we were able to reuse the uh the
shuttle but at what expense? I mean it
was just ridiculous. But if we can reuse
that ship and it's a rapid reuse my
goodness that unlock the human being the
the unlock on human capacity just
becomes enormous.
&gt;&gt; Wonderful. Thank you, Larry. I know
you've been traveling. That's why we got
terrible internet, terrible audio, but
appreciate you because your knowledge
and uh teaching us. Yeah. Yes.
&gt;&gt; Before we go, I I do want to give a
shout out to Grockbot. Oh my word, what
a fantastic what a fantastic product.
Grockbot for the win. Amazing amazing
product. I mean, they just hit it out of
the park on that product. I was able to
cancel all my bot stuff. I was able to
cancel all the I mean is it's going to
save me a fortune but make life so much
easier.
&gt;&gt; Okay. Well, we'll play with it some
more. But it is absolutely wellreceived
by everybody. They're knocking out of
the park now with cursor and Grock and
everything. It seems like that today.
Thank you, Larry. Go check out his
website at lumisanti.com.
Thank you, Larry.
&gt;&gt; This is just the beginning.
&gt;&gt; [music]