Channel:     jobhakdi
Title:       Why SpaceX and Tesla Are Moving Into POLE POSITION
URL:         https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YBEl3WL70fQ
Published:   2026-10-04 18:00 UTC
Fetched:     2026-10-04 22:00 UTC

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Now before today in January 2025 that I
believe we have just entered the
singularity and this year 2026 will go
down in history as the middle year of
the singularity. And as I explained from
this beautiful glass office on the west
coast in Portland, Oregon, by the way,
that I streamed out in 2025, that I
outlined, crazy things will be happening
and the whole world is at the brink of
disruption. Back then, 18 months ago,
people thought I'm a little crazy. But
now, I think it becomes more and more
clear that all these crazy things that I
was reporting on are actually happening.
And the interesting thing is that Tesla
and SpaceX, our two favorite stocks are
in the middle of that transformation and
are now after a long waiting time, at
least for Tesla. But for those of you
who were private investors in SpaceX,
also for you, are finally coming to the
point in time where all the waiting is
starting to pay off. Even though some
people get a little impatient, but that
would be a giant giant mistake.
So I want to go through today three
points each, six points in total for the
two stocks for our two favorites. Why I
do think this time is truly different
and we are at the precipice of something
tremendous for physical AI companies
before all of them Tesla with Optimus
and Cybercap and SpaceX. Here is why and
here are my six points. Number one,
Cyber Cap is actually scaling fast. And
what do I mean by fast? We have all been
disappointed by last year's Roboaxi
launch. Let's face it. Even though the
fanboys say it's so amazing and FSD is
amazing, everything is great. You and
know me, you and me know what actually
happened. We launched on June 10th, 2025
and then nothing happened. We scaled
from 10 to maybe 20 Model Y in Austin
within the first 30 days. It was
disappointing and from there it didn't
get much better until now.
When you compare this last year of robo
taxi scaling and disappointment to the
cyber cap launch that happened on
September 3rd or 4th this year, not even
30 days ago or exactly 30 days ago.
What happened? We had 45 cyber caps at
launch and we have now 169 registered.
And when we look at the cybercap tracker
that always lags because here we are
actually tracking on pioneer lens. We
are tracking the actually
photographed and submitted cyber caps
and we are at 55 after one month and 55
is clearly not the accurate number. We
have 169 registered 43 just in the last
week by the way and that means something
is going on here. something is scaling
much faster. In my estimate, the true
number is at least at least
50% higher than 55. So we are talking
about 80 cyber capsules. So in month one
as compared to 20 robo taxis in month
one last year. So we are scaling roughly
four times faster and we are having
1,089
robo taxes rolled out in total.
So, we are 400% above last year's speed.
And I know people forget about this and
they say, "Whatever, it takes too long.
It should be tens of thousands." Well,
just do the math. If we scale at 400%
higher rate than we did with Roboaxi,
and we have a lot of indications that
this is actually happening. We know that
Cyber Cap is being produced on Mars. In
my estimate, we already have 4,000
produced end of this month. 4,000.
Okay, mark my words.
People think it's not true, but we know
that the VIN numbers have already
counted over 2,400
at launch one month ago. We are going to
hit 4,000 total cyber caps by end of
this month that have been manufactured
and we will get to 10,000 by end of the
year. As I said, will they be deployed?
I don't know. But we will get to 10,000
or more cyber caps manufactured
by end of this year. At least that's the
trajectory right now. So my predictions,
even though I was maybe a little too
bullish, they are not that far off. And
if we get to 10,000, it is absolutely
game over. In fact, I think if we get to
1,800
fully autonomous vehicles, as I said,
for one year now, 1,800 is the
inflection point where we see a
repricing of Tesla stock. How far are we
away from 1,6800
fully deployed cyber caps? Well, you
tell me, but it could be only a couple
of months. So, that is number one, the
first part why I think Tesla is much
hotter than people think. Number two,
we have indications all over the place
that Robo Taxi is going global. On
October 1st, that was just 3 days ago,
we saw that suddenly the Robo Taxi app
has become available for download in
France. in UK and Germany, Netherlands,
Belgium, Switzerland, Italy, Spain,
Portugal, Ireland, Norway, Sweden,
Denmark, Austria, Poland, that is
basically the entire EU.
And on October 4th, which is today,
Singapore and Malaysia are reported to
also allow the download of the app. Why
is that? H let me think. At the same
time, we see unlocks for FSD all across
Europe. We have now many many small
countries in Europe that have has been
where FSD has been approved. FSD
approval Europe and this is now
spreading all over the place.
Here for example is a beautiful little
if you know flags if you know countries
this tells you a lot. Check, Slovenia,
Netherlands, Lithuania, beautiful
Estonia, Denmark and Belgium. All the
smart little countries
have approved it. Let's see if we find a
map so you see what that actually means.
Uh probably not have heavy I seen this
beautiful map. Uh here here you see the
map FSD supervised in Europe. These
countries are allowing now to drive with
these things.
So it's not all of Europe. You have the
big one. You have Germany here waiting.
You have France here. You have the UK.
You have Poland. But you see they're
getting surrounded by their smart
neighbors. All the smart countries are
now moving forward with FSD. And FSD is
also a great booster for Tesla sales. Of
course, as we have first gotten their
first taste with these delivery numbers,
but there will be more tastes coming
with the earnings call in my opinion
where we see that FSD
uptake has been increasing.
So that's very good. So all in all,
Roboaxi and FSD are expanding rapidly.
Now let's get to the last third point
for Tesla that I want to mention just
tonight before we go to SpaceX. What is
the third point? Why physically AI is
imminently rallying very soon? It is of
course Optimus. Here you see not the
real Optimus. This is just AI slop, but
it looks cool. You have to admit Optimus
version 3
is now being deployed with a minimum
minimum I would estimate 5,000 already
in August or in in not August in October
and November being deployed internally
at Tesla.
We had leaks showing August run rate of
several hundreds a week, you know, and
year end line target about 10 uh 1,000 a
week. And I believe we will have 5,000
Tesla Optimus version 3, the final
commercial commercial version being
deployed at Tesla factories by end of
this year. Okay, that is very very
interesting. We have confirmed multiple
vendors across China that have now been
delivering this amount of pieces and
parts for Optimus for manu for for
assembly a Tesla.
Now Elon also tweeted something and I
will have a video next week dedicated
just to that notion here and what it
means for the AI buildout that AI5
memory has been cut to 72 GB
per chip.
which is very important. So let that
sink in. Elon said we are going to cut
the amount of memory on our next AI chip
for Optimus and for Robbo taxi in half.
Now normally that would be bearish. Of
course it is worse to have half the
memory. This is not because Tesla made
some ingenious invention. They made it
because they had to cut back on memory.
Why is that bullish and not bad? It is
bullish because it means we are moving
ahead to get AI5 out as quickly as
possible. They are planning on massive
scale. That is why it matters that they
need to cut back on memory. And it means
that memory will be constrained for the
foreseeable future. This is bullish for
Micron, not for Tesla. It is bullish for
Micron and creates bottlenecks for
Tesla. But it tells you two things.
Memory shortages are never going to go
away. AI5 will run for at least two
years, if not three, in production. So
all the way to 2029 potentially,
at least to the end of 2028.
So E5 is considering massive memory
shortages in the long term. And what
what is a what is a shortage? A shortage
means there's a supply constraint, but
also a demand overflow. And who's the
demand overflow? It is going to be
Optimus and Roboaxi. They are the ones
that are demanding AI5 memory chips. And
Elon is already making sure that they
can scale the hell out of these things.
And these things will be scaled in the
next 24 months, maybe 30 months. Okay?
So even though it's not good news that
we have to cut back on memory, Elon made
clear it doesn't matter. We can still
get the job done. But it tells you there
is scale planned, massive scale.
So good news for all Micron investors,
which includes me, but also good news
for Tesla investors.
This is happening. And now we get to
SpaceX.
Second part of this session. What about
SpaceX? Why am I incredibly bullish also
on SpaceX? Because number one, when I
looked at SpaceX at IPO, I said, "Ooh,
this is a little expensive." I was not
in the IPO, I said like, I don't trust
this thing. It's going to be probably
starting at 135, jumping up to 150 at
IPO. I did not buy it. I said, this is
too expensive for me. I don't trust this
situation. We need market and price
discovery. And guess what happened? We
fall below 110.
But then I saw interesting things.
Number one, I saw price discovery in the
market. I saw that when we happened to
have the first share unlock, the first
big selling pressure that you can also
watch in Pioneerlands. By the way here,
as you see, you probably have heard me
say this. This here on the
pioneerlands.org main page, you see this
SpaceX tracker on the right side, you
see the next flight 15, not scheduled
yet, so we don't have a date. But below
you see the next share unlock. In case
you didn't know, SpaceX has a lot of
shares that are currently still locked.
People own the shares, but they cannot
sell the shares in the market because
it's prohibited for them because they
are employees, long-term holders, and
investors.
We are tracking these very decisive
unlocks that will drop SpaceX share
reliably. Some people say I'm wrong,
then I'm right every single time. And
then they say I get lucky every single
time. So whatever it doesn't matter if
I'm right or wrong. What matters is if
I'm right that the stock will be under
pressure every time and it will be. So
in 5 days we have another 328 million
shares unlocked. Then we have another
328 million shares unlocked
15 days after that or 14 days after
that. And then we have the big one
coming late October after earnings.
That one I'm a little scared of. Uh, and
so you have to play this a little bit
and understand when these things are
happening. That's why you need to be a
Pioneerlands member. Go to
pioneerlands.org. That is where the
action is. We have some tremendous stuff
coming probably this week in beta. Our
our trinity. The trinity. It's not a
trinity. It's trinity plus one of
becoming a pioneer. You have to learn
three things. You have to master the
three pioneer skills plus one.
You have to learn to think. Thinking
means understanding these things,
understanding reality, predicting and
making money in the stock market. Not to
make money. That's a nice side effect.
But to train your brain and be right
about reality, nothing better than that.
That's what we do in think. The second
thing is you have to learn to build. And
we have a beautiful new drought near
2.0, the pioneer bot. It's a bot system
that empowers you to do things much much
more effective in Grockbot, in claude
and in codeex.
You will see what it does. It's amazing.
It's magical.
And then the third one is govern.
You will see what that is. So we have to
learn to think, to build, to govern. And
then the last thing we have to do is to
multiply.
I'm not talking about babies. I'm also
talking about babies, but that's a
different thing. Multiply means we need
to learn to bring in more pioneers and
train them also empower them in these
three things. We need as many people as
possible that do the three things so we
can thrive in the age of AGI. We need
people who think, people who build and
people who govern. We do not need
passive workers anymore. Of course, many
people will remain passive workers. It's
very sad. We need to be the people who
do these three things otherwise it's
going to be very bad. And if we do these
three things and learn to think, use our
brain, predict and be right, we learn
how to build, create amazing things with
AI. And we learn to govern
coming together making collective
intelligent precise decisions and
exercising some power then we win. If we
don't, we lose. But we will and we will
win. So that's what we do here. But
these things about thinking. So that is
what's happening.
Flight 14 on Monday for Starship has
crossed the Rubicon. What do I mean with
that? Flight 14 that happened this
Monday was incredibly important. It has
three it had multiple multiple orbits
around Earth for the first time. It went
to orbit. Starship went to orbit. It
proved it can go to orbit. It proved it
can orbit the earth multiple times and
it deployed 26 Starlink V3 satellites
successfully and then came back and
effectively landed itself in the water.
But it was a perfect landing simulation
and that means we have crossed the
Rubicon. It is now clear that Starship
works. The heat shield for re-entry from
orbit works. The commercial delivery
worked flawlessly.
The reanding kind of worked also nearly
flawlessly. So now we can be very very
sure that in 2027 we will achieve
reusability of Starship.
And by the way when you do the math
reusability is not even as important as
the ability to go to orbit orbit the
Earth and deploy the satellites because
then you already won. The reuse is just
the cherry on top. But we will get the
cherry on top next year. And that means,
why is this so important? That means
SpaceX will successfully unlock the
biggest market ever in the history of
humanity, orbital compute buildout. That
is happening. But before we get there,
the fifth the second point for SpaceX
and the fifth point for our combined
Tesla spaceship
run here is that I estimate at this
point and that is a I think it's a
realistic estimate
probably a little conservative. So I
would bet that I will actually be too
low with this. I'm a little conservative
here. I bet that by the end of next
year, SpaceX will have five gawatts of
compute online.
Now, Elon says they will add at least 5
gawatt. So, that would make it seven,
but I'm a little conservative here. I'm
saying they will add another three next
year. That's why I'm pretty sure they
will exceed it. But, let's say they add
another 3 gawatt of compute next year.
When you do the math, and I will do the
math for you guys with a new model, by
the way, in the coming days,
they will have $250 billion of revenue,
and they will have a massive
140 billion in earnings. Can you even
imagine that? $140 billion in earnings
run rate by the end of next year in this
relatively conservative estimate for
terrestrial compute buildout. This is
not orbital compute. This is terrestrial
compute.
That is nuts. Okay, even at two
trillion, even at three trillion, just
let that sink in. At 150 billion
earnings, $3 trillion, which is 50%
upside from here for the stock
would still give it a 20 price earnings
ratio. SpaceX will not get a 20 price
earnings ratio. they will get something
much higher because
because they will deploy this amount of
terrestrial compute but then number six
they will be deployed and that is what
people do not understand people do not
understand this yet and that's our alpha
orbital AI will come in 2028 it will not
come in 2038 it will not come in 2035 it
will not come in 2030 it will come in
2028
in 2028 8 they will be ready with the
two central components you need for
orbital compute. You need Starship to go
to orbit and deploy stuff below let's
say $700 per kilo per kilogram. $700 per
kilogram in my opinion is the critical
mass, the critical cost point where this
exceeds an attractiveness terrestrial
buildout. And they will definitely get
there without Starship even being
reusable
by next year
and by 2028 they will add the other
component that's missing and that is
exactly what they're working on with
Nvidia and that is the Vera Rubin.
The Vera Rubin NVL72
space ready rack. That is what SpaceX
and Nvidia are working on. The space
ready rack that they will deploy in
orbit for a satellite that will allow
you to send up 250 kilowatt of power.
That's a quarter megawatt. Let that sink
in. You need 4,000 of these things. And
you have a gigawatt in space. 4,000 can
be easily deployed with a few hundred
flights of Starship.
So by 2028, SpaceX will be able to
deploy orbital AI with their new
satellite that Nvidia and them are
working on and have planned to complete
in Q4 2027.
They will be able to deploy these
satellites by 2028. And that means the
entire inference compute buildout of
earth will shift into space way before
2030.
It will be purely supply constraint and
supply means starships and that means
they have to build thousands thousands
of starships and have multiple flights
per freaking day as Elon promised us.
But what he didn't reveal is that this
time he will be right and even
conservative on the timeline because the
commercial and economic pressure for
them to do this is insane. In other
words, the incentive is trillions of
dollars for SpaceX if they get it done.
And with Flight 14, I'm very confident
that they will get it done because
building that satellite, sorry SpaceX
engineers, when you listen to me, is
easy.
Not for me, but for you guys, it's easy.
And you will get it done by end of next
year. And that is absolutely nuts. when
you understand what AI is going to do
and how huge the demand for compute is.
This is absolutely nuts and that is why
SpaceX
is at the inflection point of a massive
massive rally. The only thing that's
holding me back a little bit, not much
but a little bit is of course our very
important counter here. I am counting on
our SpaceX. Go to pineelance.org SpaceX
counter. That's why this stuff is so
important for you guys. I'm not doing
this just for fun. It is fun, but I'm
not just doing it for fun. We have 1.3
billion shares being unlocked on in late
October. And that is what we have to
watch because that will drop the stock
especially if the stock keeps rallying
from here. Only after that will I give
complete green light for the stock. But
strategically,
it is so hot
that it might even cook space.
With that, we will go to the comments
and see what you guys have to say. There
are many comments this beautiful Sunday
afternoon
or night or Monday morning depending
where you live. Let's see. Luna, a
beautiful name. Good day from Minnesota
says Minnesota. MN no Minnesota.
M I Michigan. Minnesota. Hello Luna
Tomas.
Champion
Isak
Khan. Tesla. Tesla and a rocket.
Beautiful. This is a beautiful sign.
Tesla and the rocket. This is in one
little comment everything we talk about.
I know we had a little sound problem in
the beginning, but now we fixed it after
a lot of
uh here it sounds good man sounds good
man sound is good man says Australian
crypto koala the famous Australian
crypto koala he eats bitcoin for
breakfast that is Australian cryptocala
why we love himroid is back with mount
is on. John Male John Mchale John Mchale
micron fixed J Ebers from Wait, that's a
trick. Jay Eders, I remember you. You're
in California, but you're a Texans. I
always say hello to Texas, but you're
not in Texas. Susan Ling, the famous
Susan Ling is back. I think from the UK.
Uh, cryptorector says, "I always love
your cander. I'm trying to be candid.
Droid yet the disappointment really
growing. Not sure if this year will
bring much relief though it will. I
think we will go to back to alltime
highs. Should we go back to the Tesla
slides?
Boom. Uh big question is considering the
merger. Should we buy SpaceX or Tesla by
now after the merger? I am all for Tesla
right now. Even though I mean I have
SpaceX now. buy SP Tesla now because
they're probably going to give a
premium. I do not believe. I am not
betting against it. Don't get me wrong.
Maybe I even buy some tactical calls.
Who knows?
Some smart cookie in Pioneer Lands even
said I can tell you the Pioneer Lands
forum here. We had uh what's was his
name? He had a very interesting play
here.
Uh a bet to 200x in 13 days.
uh by Jordan Hang, maybe the brother of
Yansen Huang. Who knows? I bought 2004
455 call options expiring 1016. That is
a pretty big bet. It's not a big bet.
200. Well, 200 I don't know. That costs
you money. If this thing costs
55 call options, probably 50 cents.
Even though it cost you 10 cents, 20.
Yeah, it's a bunch of money.
So, we have this crazy bet here on a on
a merger. I might do something similar,
but not 200. Just a little bit of a bet.
Who knows? I don't want to miss this,
but it could happen.
Uh Tom Stalins from Belgium is here.
Uh Jeff Jones Jr. says, "Hi, buddy.
Great to catch you live. Great to have
you on here." Jay Warren says, "Joe, I
think we have another iceberg ahead for
Tesla stock. Elon's commentary on
upcoming Tesla earnings call will be
terrible based on his latest interview.
See California maybe starting mid next
year. I know he said that but
I don't mind that you know California is
a complicated situation. You know they
will take some time. I don't know what
my latest prediction on California was
but it's all this bureaucracy and miles.
So
yeah mid of next year could be but they
can scale to tens of thousands without
California.
Joe, once Tesla hopefully rerates over
the next 6 to 12 months, hopefully
sooner. What is the minimum max price
you expect to it to hit? Thank you.
Well, the minimum price is a function of
the market. If you see a crash, Tesla
can always drop back to 240. I would say
240 and the market crash. Um, but not
much lower. So, this might happen if
things go wrong. I expect, my median
expectation is we hit all-time highs
this year.
I really believe we hit over 2,000 cyber
caps. I think it will happen. I think it
will happen in November or something and
the stock goes to alltime highs,
but not rerating this year. Good chance
he throws water on Robboexi timeline and
Optimus timeline. I don't know. I'm not
sure. Uh I'm a 211 owner of SpaceX 2011.
No. What? 211 owner and 126 Tesla
stocks.
Uh I'm just thinking market overflowed
with too much things going on. They
don't understand really numbers of
course. Yeah, I totally agree. There was
an interesting commentary by Chris
Camilillo. I should do a video on that.
Chris Camilillo basically said, "The
market has rarely been so stupid and
wrong. Institutions and retail combined.
They're both incredibly wrong." And I
agree. I think the market is all over
the place. Micron completely mispriced.
Tesla completely mispriced. SpaceX also
not intelligently priced. SpaceX should
be higher at this point after flight 14
after all this crazy buildout.
Google should be higher. Gemini 4
looking good. Amazon should be like all
of that stuff is totally undervalued. Is
totally historically undervalued when
you look at pack ratios and all kinds of
ratios. Given the growth, given the cash
flow, given the massive outlook,
everything is undervalued on that side
of the equation.
I think the market is truly dumb right
now. Maybe confused. They're all not
understanding AI. And I think that's a
tremendous opportunity. And Tesla and
SpaceX are just my favorites. That
doesn't mean they are not other massive
AI stocks. Nvidia, maybe AMD, I'm not an
AMD specialist, but that thing is
probably also a good investment. Micron,
I'm a little bit of a specialist. Is
clearly, is this a total joke? The only
problem with Micron is it's hyper
volatile. Micron can fall back to 700 in
no time.
But will Micron go to 2000? Yeah,
absolut
has to. And there's also a share buyback
coming in December. I'm doing a little
bit more research into that if that's
actually true and if they will do it.
But Micron like, oh my god. So, it's
kind of a little bit the problem that we
have so much market cap addition now
across the board because of AI that the
market is just distorted. It's just too
much money needed.
Uh, so
Champions Saka,
where do I post questions? Well, you
post questions
in Pioneer Lens. You can do it in the
forum, but we also can do it in the
academy. the office hours here. If you
go to an office hours, is that open to
everyone?
You can definitely do that
here. You can post your question here.
Ask a question. Boom. So, you go to the
Pioneer Academy. That's where it's
happening. We'll beef up the academy a
little bit soon
and then go from there.
Here we are live.
live.
Uh, Ricardo Santos says, "Joe, thanks
for being consistent with your live
videos. It's a pleasure. I'm trying."
Jennifer, the entrepreneur who is a big
fan of yours, wants to know if she must
sell her Tesla stock to buy SpaceX
shares. Jennifer is the wife of Ricardo.
I'm learning slowly. Um,
do you have to sell Tesla stock to buy
SpaceX chairs? I think the rational
thing is
I would still remain overweight Tesla
tactically until we have this big unlock
for SpaceX. I would go to
pioneerlength.org,
use the tracker,
see when this date is actually
happening, where we understand when this
unlock is after this giant unlock of
SpaceX, I would equal weight them
probably depending on what Tesla does in
the meantime. Uh but before I would be
overweight Tesla but if you're only in
Tesla and know SpaceX yeah I would shift
a little bit into SpaceX like 10%. Let's
say 10%. I don't even know my exact like
I'm mine is like a little changing day
by day.
It seems like Elon is going to give the
old robo taxi will start scaling second
half next year.
Uh I'm not sure Warren if that's going
to happen.
I owe you on the baby solution says
Droid. Well, this is a very very
difficult topic politically, so I need
to be cautious, but the babies need to
happen. Yes, babies are the most
underrated thing. I'm working on this
revolutionary new design of Pioneer
Land. So, we have think, build, govern,
and multiply.
Multiply will not be the baby factory.
Uh maybe it will be in the future. Who
knows? But multiply for now is just the
networking thing where everyone of you
guys can now invite people and also do
dinner parties. We we invented a game.
I will tease it right now. We invented a
card game, the pioneer card game to get
more people interested in the age of
pioneers and the age of AGI and get a
little especially younger people also
engaged in what's even happening because
we need to help people. They're all like
everyone feels something is off.
at universities. I'm talking to a lot of
universities right now. I'm doing some
things mostly in the Nordics in Europe.
Just had a little speech at the the
Estonian Business School in Talin, which
is a very impressive place. Talin is the
most underrated thing. This is like
what's even happening there? This is a
high-tech hub. These people know what
they're doing. The Estonians are very,
very smart. They're so tiny. They have
to be very smart.
and but also in Sweden and some other
places. We're doing things hopefully in
Finland soon. Germany. I'm circling
around Germany. Let's see. And of course
the United States. I'm always watching
what's happening in the US. But we will
create a beautiful multiply tab that is
very hot. When it comes to Tesla,
everyone is talking worried about memory
chips. Yes, those of you that remember
the Intel should remember the day when
you ran out of memory. You plug in
another chip. Yes, I mean memory is a
giant problem. Good for Micron.
Just download the Roboaxi app in
Belgium. It is indeed strange that it is
available for download here since it
makes no sense. Only a handful of
American cities available. We will see.
It's probably six months ahead.
It could drop next week, but chasing ups
and downs could get risky. Most in the
market can't day trade. Yeah, I'm not
day trading. By the way, day trading
means you're trading intraday. I nearly
never do that. I only do it if something
goes wrong or if I make a mistake. But
weak trade, I'm definitely weak trading.
Uh but based on a strategic insight. So
I have a very specific strategy. You can
look it up in the Pioneer Academy if
you're interested in options trading.
But my specific options trading strategy
is to understand deeply long-term
understand even more deeply medium-term
one year 18 months outlook and then try
to understand very short-term tactical
moves weekly monthly outlook which is of
course the impossible. That's where the
money is.
And then based on these three layers,
long-term strategic,
tactical, and then super tactical, I'm
doing some directional trades on top of
a core position, but it's very
dangerous. It's very profitable, but
very dangerous.
Ricardo Santos for Pioneer Lens, would
you do a video meetups so we can network
and feel more like a community with a
mission? Do you feel I do feel like not
many people think the way you do and
probably your community. Uh very good
Ricardo Santos. Yeah, we are working on
some major major things. It took me
forever like a year to figure this stuff
out. It's actually very complicated to
figure it out. But I think now we have a
very good thesis. But give me one or two
more weeks. We will have a completely
revamped website. The website will look
very similar but the structure behind it
will be very different. This top menu
here will be sync, build, govern,
multiply and then academy network will
be subsumed
by multiply. This is a beautiful new
page. Multiply is the magic new page.
But think will be very cool. By the way,
think not ready yet, but we're getting
it ready.
You know, you can basically put in your
little bets here.
This will be very cool and build. This
will be a whole AI situation.
Uh we are getting there. We're getting
there. And then multiply will be the
central page because that's where we do
meetups, dinners,
seminars that are self-organized
seminars
and so on and so forth. So
it is evolving very rapidly and I think
now we crack the code that makes this
much more communal because that's what I
want
and uh Ricardo um
we have to see how we do it if video
meetups are the right
way maybe who knows
uh I mean it would make it a little more
relaxing because if I do live streams I
feel a little bit like you know I still
have a responsibility
It's still media. Uh, so I'm not
completely like at a dinner table. Um,
we could do like remote dinners.
Everyone cooks dinner and then we put it
in front of the camera so everyone sees
the dinner and then we have a little
virtual dinner table. That would be
cool.
John Avery.
Yeah, don't sleep on orbital telecoms
either. If Elon is right that the
majority of internet traffic is moving
through Starink, it's also a huge
portion of SpaceX's earnings. Yeah, John
Avery, when I model it out, I'm not too
excited about it. You can make maybe a
trillion can maybe make a trillion long
term. That's the TAM. Maybe two if you
squeeze it all out. It's just very
limited. That's the problem. So
earnings, you can add maybe long-term a
few hundred billion in earnings, which
is not bad, but it's just absolutely
nothing compared to compute.
I mean, just think about it. John Avery,
I want to just repeat this because
people always say, "Taylor, I should not
forget." It's like, here's why I'm not
so excited about this stuff, even though
it's a few hundred billion.
Imagine you're building out Starink. How
much do you make? Just compare a
Starling satellite with a Star Mine
satellite. 4,000 Star Mine satellites
give you one gawatt of compute. One
gawatt of compute is $50 billion in
revenue and probably 35 billion in
profits. There you have it.
$35 billion in profit and they have
10,000 Star Link satellites already up.
Do they make 35 billion in profit?
Absolutely not. So it's just not that
profitable. Okay, John Avery, you have
to think about there's limited transport
capacity. It's like the batteries for
Tesla. Batteries for Tesla don't go to
the semir because a semir is simply not
as productive. Cyber cap is probably
six times more profitable than a semi
semi when you think about battery
constraints.
So the same battery going into cyber cap
makes six times more profit than selling
a semi. That's why semi will be
constrained for a long time.
The same is true for Starling. Starling
is just not worth doing
Star Mind is scaling because every time
you use a Starship to do Star Mind,
you're making probably 10 15 times more
profit if you load it up with Star Mine
satellites. That's all I'm saying.
Opportunities are abound.
Of course. Of course is going to make a
lot of money, but Starite is going to
make more money. Roger Jack says in
South Dakota. I'm in South Dakota going
to XT takeover early as I received a
golden ticket to tour Gigafactory early.
Wow, there is X takeover in Austin.
We'll have situational awareness eyes
and ears turned up to 11 for clues.
Expect except NDA. So, Roger Jack, you
should connect to me. Connect to me on
DMs on X. Shoot me a DM because I find
this very interesting.
Uh, old ban menagerie
menagerie old bar menagerie. So
interesting names. If you Google Tesla
maneuvering with legal framework and or
issue insurance in local tax government,
it will say that yes, Tesla maneuvering
with legal aspects of a merger with
SpaceX. Yeah, for sure. But what's the
timing? Manufacturing mass drivers on
the moon will produce trillions in
wealth. Yes, but that's probably late
2030s.
It's not Sunday, it's premon. Exactly.
Nailed it, Ricardo.
Chris Giddy is back. If Tesla gets
absorbed by SpaceX, it isn't just
prudent to stick with Tesla. Yeah, but
what happens in the meantime,
right? If this happens mid of next year,
I mean, you can make a lot of money with
SpaceX in the meantime. Google, if Tesla
is strategizing with legal text, local
government framework. Yeah, I know. DFH
is buying BZH will make the largest six
home builder before the merger that book
value.
I don't understand that. Alaska here
Alaska.
What is Alaska's time zone? Is this the
same as California or is it like one?
Is there another time zone? H Hawaii,
but that's not Alaska. I think it's
probably like California. It's just east
coast. Regards from Airwood. We need FSD
so bad. Beautiful Airfoot. One of the
most beautiful German cities. I
recommend Air For
Teringa. Appreciate that you share your
thoughts. Joe says N
North Carolina motorcyclist probably. At
least you always make me feel good about
Tesla SpaceX investment. I mean, yeah,
because I believe in it. Buy Tesla or
SpaceX. Obviously, wait till the drop in
October. Exactly. Brimman. Brimman is
right. I've just recently put most of my
savings through SpaceX. Looking to get
my pension as well. I don't think that's
a mistake.
Uh Raymond Chen says, "Check out Brian
Weighing video on profitability of short
lead time to build SpaceX mini 200,000
GPU clusters. No other companies come
close." I agree. That's exactly what I'm
working on. A video and a model for you
guys that goes straight into Pioneer
Lands here into the models down here.
What do we even have here? We have
SpaceX. Our models here, we have no
models right now in SpaceX. So, we will
have models on the SpaceX site on
Pioneer Lands that you can use and I
will have a video that showcases exactly
what is happening there. Let's go to the
presentation again
because Brian Wang like Elon
posted on X about 220,000
Blackwell B300 GPU clusters coming
online and the exact cadence of three of
these clusters coming online all three
by the end of the year. That's pretty
hot.
Uh N Slavov, hey Joe, what do you think
of buying long-term calls close for
March? As you mentioned that you see uh
profit will do to have around 10,000
cyber caps. Yes, the price will forecast
for Tesla March. Well, but I can always
be wrong. So, I don't like, you know, if
you go long-term calls, I always
recommend leaps that are more than 12
months out because the time decay is
just very massive once you cross the 12
months
horizon. So, everything that's less than
12 months and way out of the money,
which you wanted to do probably,
uh, costs you a lot of money if you're
wrong.
Uh PayPal chat too much information
problem with Jen Alpha is going on here.
Too much news overflowing. People don't
understand what SpaceX proof Monday
three rockets 20 hours Guinness World
Record.
Yes, that's also true.
Um Maz Mazinan from Iran. Wow, we have
even viewers from Iran. Hello Omit.
Welcome to the to the stream to the live
show. Uh what will the price of Tesla
stock be after merge with SpaceX? I
think 500
right now. If Tesla goes up, I think
they will get a 30% premium. They have
to in my opinion.
Definitely. I personally have a target
price of 530 to 50 for Tesla by
December. I'm all in. Six figures. Very
nice. Champion Sakan. I think so too.
That's exactly what I think. I think
we'll go over 500.
But let's see.
I sold half my Tesla holdings to buy
SpaceX in past couple of months. Think
SpaceX will mid-term probability better
than Tesla even if Cyber scale in 2027.
I think it's a little early Raymond
Chen, but maybe you're right. If I would
move half of my Tesla into SpaceX, I
would do it after the big unlock, so in
November.
But I think generally it's not an
irrational move.
half is a little aggressive because I
think there will be a merger and Tesla
will benefit from that more. But we have
to understand what SpaceX is preparing,
what SpaceX is guaranteed to achieve is
massively bigger than millions of cyber
caps. It is much bigger than millions of
cyber caps would be and it will happen
in the next six months. So I mean it's a
very big deal but it's also more
expensive than Tesla.
uh dinner parties, Pioneerland games.
Exactly, Leonardo. I will explain all of
this and get your feedback. It's going
to be fun, but we have to organize it.
We we need some hosts and will be
distributed, but we will make it a lot
of fun and there will be a whole thing
going on. Let's see. And a whole plan.
The Pioneer Academy will be extended.
considering taking my defensive
positions and double up.
Can people and banks be this stupid or
am I being stupid? No, PayPal chat.
Here's the thing why this is actually
reasonably
true that they're being stupid.
Everything hinges on the understanding
of AI. If you think AI is a bubble, all
of these stocks, including SpaceX, will
crash to some terribly low number. If
you believe Cyber Cap can never work
because this whole thing doesn't work,
of course Tesla's going to get destroyed
and falls to 50.
If there's no EI, SpaceX goes to 20.
Okay, Nvidia
goes to 20. Micron goes to one. You
know, you have to understand it's pretty
bad if this happens. So that is why the
market is so skeptical.
Google, Microsoft, Amazon, Meta, all of
them will be falling 80% 80%
if AI turns out to be fake news. And if
you are like 110 years old, like the
median analyst at JP Morgan,
you think it must be fake. You think in
1929 when I started my career I said
there is a car bubble and I was right.
Okay dude it's not a car bubble. Okay
it's AI. So these analysts do not
understand what is going on but you and
me understand what is going on. We know
it's not a bubble. And if it's not a
bubble all of this stuff is dramatically
undervalued. And how do we know it's not
a bubble? Because it's the freaking
singularity and we are using the AI
systems all day long and see what the
hell is happening.
So they are very stupid right now.
Uh Tim York Dr. Torque nice a poet a
poem in the name Joe I'm equally
invested in Tesla and SpaceX. I do feel
that AI rental from SpaceX will show
quarterly profits more quickly than
cyber cabin optimus for Tesla and drive
up Tesla shares SpaceX shares.
Absolutely. You're one million% correct
Tim York. It will massively massively
grow massively faster than Tesla. This
is just a fact.
You know, one gigawatt is 1 million
cyber caps.
They just added 1.5 g. They just added
the equivalent of 1.5 million cyber caps
this year. They're going to add at a
minimum three to four million cyber caps
next year. That's how you have to think
about SpaceX. So, boom. That's pretty
serious business.
Um, PayPal chat. I can be a host for
Sweden and Stockholm for dinners. I
really like the networking ideas. Maybe
we can open an SPV that invests in
mainly SpaceX Tesla to do some weak
trading and we can see what cities and
countries can make the best results etc.
I think we have additional 200 billion
from compute next year contracted. Yeah,
PayPal chat. You should also totally DM
me because Sweden Stockholm dinner's
totally on the agenda. So DM me on X
because we're planning this out. I want
every and go and of course become a
member in Pioneer Lands. Uh
we will have this live very soon. But I
need feedback. We should before we
launch this whole thing get some little
circle and feedback. So ping me on X.
Just name your name PayPal. Just say we
chatted here on the live stream because
I get a lot of DMs. I need to filter it
out. Uh but yes this is happening and
will be a lot of fun. It will make it
much more real and tangible. Pioneer
lands
we have to train everyone in this world
to think to build to govern and to
multiply ourselves.
That will be the four central traits of
the pioneers. That will be the four
mantras the four central skills we have
to master in the age of AGI. When all
the money is convoluted and complicated,
when all the jobs are gone and
everything becomes possible, what is
left? Well, I tell you what's left. You
need people around you in your network
who like and are able to do these four
things. They need to be thinkers who can
understand reality and predict it
correctly.
You need builders that build new cool
things. And we have to all learn to do
this with AI. And we know how to do it
now. You need people who want to govern
themselves and invest some time into
that and not be ignorant because then
everything goes down. And then finally,
we need multipliers. By the way, that
can also be people who are not that good
or not that interested in the first
three things. They think, "Oh, other
people are better thinkers and
predictors and investors. Oh, other
people are better entrepreneurs. Oh,
other people are more into politics and
governance. But I know how to bring
people together and help them do that
and I enjoy that. That's why we have the
four different traits of pioneer lands.
I developed this in Talin by the way. I
had the idea in Talin. I think these are
the four things we need to do and that's
why we are restructuring the whole
thing.
So,
oh okay, gear riff loot says, "Robbo
taxi app being available in new
countries is not really a sign that
cyber cap is coming to these countries
soon. It's just required so people from
these countries can visit the US and use
the app." Let's see. Let's see about
that. I think we see this soon in 2027.
Do I have noticed that Tesla always
drops in mid of November, probably due
to midterms, but always recovers in
December? Yeah, we should. That's a good
point by the way. Both for the market
and for Tesla. I'm not saying we're
going straight line to 500. We are going
to 500 from 370 or wherever we are right
now. 372. It takes you exactly one week
to get 500. Okay. 10% up. 10% up, you're
at 410. Another 10% up, you're at 450.
Another 10% up, you add 500. You need
three 10% days. That's at best one week
of rallying. So don't don't forget how
Tesla moves. It moves in verticals.
And I do not think Tesla will grind up
to 500. Tesla will have a week where it
goes from 400 to 500. Boom. And then it
has another week where it goes from 370
to 400. That's two weeks.
But we have more than two weeks left.
What does it do in the me in the midtime
in the medium term? Well, it just jumps
around like a stupid stock. It will go
now probably get rejected one more time
at 380, fall back to 360, maybe even
350, who knows? Then rallies finally
breaks through 380, goes to 400, goes to
420, we all celebrate, we are all in.
Then it falls back to 390.
You know how it goes. And then goes to
450, next resistance, and then it falls
back to 400 because it wants to screw
us. And then in the end we end up half
dead at 500. That's exactly what I think
is going to happen. And in between you
have a little market correction. That's
why it then goes down. So don't expect
this to be easy. It's always hard.
Leonardo says, "With Staring V3 SATs
being deployed to orbit, can SpaceX take
over the cell phone industry?" Yes.
Yes, it can. But that's just a little
side business. John Avery, right? But
it's a multiplier on the compute side
because the compute is moving through
the telecom layer. One million% John
Avery. I'm not saying it's not very
important. It is crucially important to
have Starink. It is crucially important
to control the internet. It's just not
the money shot, the money driver. It's
just an infrastructure component that
they absolutely need. I agree.
We have OMIT saying if Tesla and SpaceX
were to merge, what would be the
estimated price per Tesla share? How
could the merger affect Tesla's market
capitalization long-term growth
potential? I think Tesla will get a 30%
premium wherever it is. Right now it
goes to 500. At 500 it would go to 650
because otherwise there's no merger.
Uh and I think generally omit the merger
is a tremendous idea. I'm totally for it
because SpaceX is just insanely strong
and Tesla has Terraab and stuff like
that that helps them a lot. But Tesla is
more like a long-term thing. They will
have trillions in profit from robo taxi
and Optimus. But trillions is a little
like eh. Who gets out of bed in the
morning for a trillion? Not me. I want
more. That's why we need SpaceX
ultimately.
If so, how long the next two, five or 10
years?
Uh, I don't understand. You mean long
term?
Chris Giddy. Joe, do you live in the
States? No, right now I live in Europe,
actually, but I'm going back and forth.
Look up Thursday SpaceX. How many shares
will be sold? You think?
Uh, PayPal chat. We have this all in
Pioneer Lands. You just go to Pioneer
Lands. It tells you exactly. On
Thursday, we are selling 320. Oh, we
have 328 million unlock. And I always
say between 10 and 20% will be sold, not
in one day, but over over a week. So
that creates pressure on the stock
exactly as last time I explained it
exactly. So I'm I would estimate always
10 to 20% get sold because
diversification people even bulls want
to sell.
Oh, here we have P I don't know the
first name. Is it Bruno? Are you Bruno
Povit?
Uh greetings from Estonia EBS investment
club. Very good. my favorite investment
club. Very smart cookies at the Estonian
Business School in Talian. I was just
there. Uh, very good. Hey, it's Anthony
says Joe. So, a simple SpaceX strategy
is wait for unlock dips and sell puts.
Uh, kind of Anthony only that it might
not hit the 145 to 135 range. But yes,
it's like a relative drop. We know how
much it drops. It drops roughly 3% at
these 328 million analogs. That's what
happens last time. Plus a little
suppression like ceiling for a week. So
I wouldn't bet on it falling to 145. But
yeah,
I'm selling puts at 150. I sold a lot of
puts at 150 and 149 because then you get
your three premium. So you like roughly
I'm more aggressive on these things
because I think it's a tremendously
bullish time for SpaceX. So I can be a
little bit more aggressive. So I think
it's just not going to fall below 145.
But we have to reassess this week.
Now I would potentially shift this 10
bucks up to 155. But it gets more risky.
The higher it is, the more risky it
becomes.
Australian crypto koala always great.
Alpha Joe dry powder ready for another
bite at SpaceX after unlocks complete.
And don't forget the next unlock is just
a small unlock. mini drops, one, two,
three% plus a little suppressive fire uh
that doesn't allow it to go above a 160
or something like that. The unlock after
that gets serious. That's the serious
one. You have to understand the
quantification of it. Like when you look
at the unlocks
uh here
328 328. So we are used to 328 unlocks.
Now we have measured what it means. We
can estimate this
but
oh then there's another 328 uh on
October 24th but then comes the big one
and something like that can lead to a
bigger drop. So this is the last
unclear one. The last one I have no
concerns because then we already know
what happens to the big one. But this
one will be a little nasty. Has the
potential to be nasty especially if
SpaceX at 170 or whatever.
You have to be cautious. Okay, just keep
an eye on that. And I will always
prepare you guys. I tell you before what
I do.
Okay, here is how Starink gets monetized
alongside Starmind to a similar degree.
It's all the physical AI going to be
moving through Starink. I understand.
But
but
my 250,000 in SpaceX can become 2.5
million. PayPal chat.
Uh, I will host a dinner for the whole
community in 2027 if that happens. Mark
my words. Why do you have euros? You
should have kunos.
Swinska swinskrunos.
Uh, in Stockholm 250,000 euros in SpaceX
can become 2.5 million. Let me think.
Uh, we had 150. So 1,500. Well, it's not
that easy. 20 trillion. I mean
definitely
for sure
but not by 2027.
I would be a little surprised.
Oh, we have Fen. Greetings from Tokyo.
Wait a moment. Tokyo.
Do we even have someone? You have to
sign up for Pioneer Lands. Do we have
someone in Tokyo?
Let's load the map of Pioneer Lands and
see where the Pioneer Oh yeah.
Three members in Tokyo. That's not a lot
for Tokyo.
These are our members in Tokyo. Are you
one of them? Fin. Probably not.
Supure.
That's a very good name. Abas and we
don't have any citizens.
Look at our landmark generation. Our
technology so advanced. Mount Fuji. You
see this? And it's like paper color.
Isn't it beautiful? forward. Pioneer
lands. All our little cities have this
now. Every little pioneer city in the
world. Let's go to Let's see what like
Sydney has.
Oh. Oh, here's the landmark. Sydney, the
opera hall. Isn't that amazing? And we
even have citizens. So many. We have two
citizens, Brian and Mark. We should have
more citizens
in Sydney. Uh, do we have Auckland?
Oakuckland.
Isn't it fun? Look at this. There's the
TV tower of Oakuckland.
Isn't it amazing? We have also two
citizens in Oakuckland. Sydney should
have more citizens.
Look at London. Our leading city in the
world is actually London with six
citizens. That's a lot of citizens.
Uh
New York is number two. We can look
here. It's a little better ordered.
London, New York, LA, not surprising.
Austin,
Austin is hot. And San Diego, not to
forget. And Melbourne and Toronto and
Sydney. Here you have it. Like that's
basically the ranking. Houston.
So, it's basically LA is winning. No,
Texas is like, can you even believe
that?
No, we have LA. Where's even San
Francisco? Why is it so far behind?
Stockholm. Can you even imagine that?
Stockholm is the biggest European city
of Pinelands.
Stockholm.
What is wrong with Germans? Munich is
here. So, of course, the United States
totally dominating but surprisingly
strong number one. Texas so strong. And
then Melbourne and Sydney are in the top
eight. And Canada, never underestimate
Canada is also in the top eight. But
Australia has two of the top eight
cities of Pioneer Lands. Number nine is
another Texas city. Very good. And then
San Francisco should be ashamed of
itself. San Francisco, you claim to be
the ground zero. You're like number 10.
You're behind Sydney, behind LA, of
course, behind London by a large
distance behind New York. And um
Stockholm is like one, two, three, just
three behind San Francisco. Stockholm
should absolutely overtake San
Francisco. That's what we should do. And
Chicago, by the way, I love Chicago. Las
Vegas. Have many friends there. Dallas.
I don't know anyone in Dallas, but I
mean Texas is winning as a state.
Stockholm is winning as Europe. Uh, and
Australia is winning as the number two
country after the United States. So,
there you have your winners. And Canada
has a special place.
Vancouver is coming here and Seattle.
So, here Vancouver.
That's how it that's how Pine looks
like.
PayPal chat is a patron trible.
Wow. PayPal. Can I find you in
Stockholm? Are you in Stockholm?
Level five.
We have a lot of citizens.
Are you David? H I don't know. David is
level five. No. One X. The patrons get a
lot of
Oh, two X.
Is it Vladimir? No, that's citizen.
Plus, a patron gets 3x.
I can't find you.
Very good. Triple David is 1x
citizen
1x
here. Victor,
I triangulated PayPal chat to Victor.
See, I am the Central Intelligence
Agency of Tiny Lands.
Joe, if rental is so big, why do we lean
towards Tesla short-term
rental? What do you mean rental? You
mean a
a compute rental?
Oops. Oh, we have all the Chinese here,
Shanghai. But they're not allowed to
access us. We say too many dangerous
things.
Oops. Africa is a little thin.
Do you have Thailand? Oh, yeah. Thailand
is strong. Not surprising. Oh, no. The
Singapore.
Bangkok. Only four members.
It's wrong. Royette
important.
I love my map.
Den Pasar. It's your map, too. What is
this? Dubai. Yeah, Dubai.
What's the most Nordic place?
Bord. I've been to Bord. Bord is very
cold but beautiful. Why? Where are the
fins? Oh, they're all down here.
Um,
Sir Joe Champion Sakan, I have an
amazing idea for SpaceX. I think we
should also consider diverging into the
funeral industry. Yes, space burials.
This could be huge. A lot of people die.
Don't be scared, Joe. Tesla will pump
20% just Monday. You think so? Maybe,
maybe not. I want Tesla leap with
two-year expiry but cannot without
selling some stocks. I want more
long-term exposure but worry it will be
too highly leveraged. Any advice? Family
of five, so no time for day trading.
Alexander Peterson. Family of five.
Okay. Oh, family. Family of five. Okay,
that's three kids.
Um
I'm not into LEAPS right now. I do only
leaps in emergency situation when
something crazy happens. We are like
super low.
Um
so let's see about that. So uh I mean we
are getting slowly. If if you see
another drop from here, I would consider
leaps. But right now stocks are fine.
I mean I have to look into leaps. Maybe
I should look into that. But I would
wait for the next drop from here
before I would do leaps because leaps
should be like, you know, you have to be
it needs to be really worth it. Michael
D. Bush, what's your comments about
geriatrics? Who did I call old like the
110s analysts? Okay. I'm 82 and all in
AI. My largest holdings are Tesla and
Micron accumulating SpaceX and my day
job involves working with AI project
every day. It wasn't about geriatrics.
It was about the incompetent
JP Morgan analysts and people like that.
So, Michael, no offense. I know we have
a lot of very smart people who are over
70. Uh, it's not a question of age. It's
a it's a question of your brain. And the
brain doesn't change as much with age as
people think. When you're really dumb
with 18, you're not going to be much
smarter with 80. And when you're very
smart with 30, you might be still very
smart with 90. So I think age is
overrated.
Uh you're right. I shouldn't make jokes
about 110 year olds.
What trigger that? Ricario
Pod X1M I think in Palo Alto. Joe, I've
ran my own business for over 30 years.
AI is going to annihilate white collar
jobs in way people cannot even
comprehend. I see it happening already
in my business. Listen to Pot X1M. I
think you are in Are you in Palo Alto? I
remember. I think.
Listen to Pot X1M. He's a wise man and
he's 1 million% right.
Elon circular finances Tesla by selling
cars to SpaceX. He would need to sell a
lot of cars to SpaceX for that. It
appears to me Tesla went vertical more
due to majority retail shareholders. Do
you think now that institutional hold
more it will behave the same?
Absolutely. Don't forget retail can
always come back to the stock and they
will. Plus, don't forget that
institutions are also and do
the same stuff. It's not that
institutions are much smarter than
retail. The smartest investors are
always retail. That doesn't mean retail
is smart. It just means the smartest
investors are exclusively retail for
sure. Then the second and third smartest
are institutions.
Then comes average retail and then come
many institutions and then come dumb
retail. That's the pecking order.
Smartest is always retail. Second,
smartest are a bunch of hedge fund
people.
Do you think midterms will decide the
outcome of the price? No. If Congress is
taking over,
then everything is pretty much effed
metv. No, we should not overestimate
party. It's not that important. When you
look at this whole thing, the stock
market loves it, the Democrats then
block the House. The stock market wants
politicians to block each other.
And I think it's same is true. So if
Republicans win, it's fine for the stock
market. If Democrats win, it's also fine
because the White House is owned by
Trump. PayPal chat, I will have a lot of
cash ready for this week and increase
position on Friday, Monday, perhaps for
a better price, then wait to next week.
Do you mean Tesla or SpaceX or both?
At the end of the day is a soft for
nothing. Government will decide.
I think Europe will say yes Tuesday.
They already said yes without having
official voting. Only the max speed
adjustment perhaps for FSD. We will see.
Uh thoughts on a micron stock split,
huh? Good point. Micron's a little slow
to move. Uh yeah, it's time for a stock
split for sure. But I I don't know the
management how they if they want to do
it.
I just I have just CBA writing as
Kruner. No one understands. It's true.
That's true. PayPal chat. Uh I like
turtle.
Turtle. Turtle. Turtle.
Oh yes. Need to sign up. Yeah.
Absolutely. Yeah, we need another Tokyo
member.
Sign up to Pioneer Lands Tokyo here.
Tokyo,
the most most northern Pioneer Lands
Asian East Asia city. Do you think a
pullback is coming for SpaceX? No, not
right now.
We are enough in Sweden for dinner
during Q1 for sure. We have 16
people in Stockholm.
Joe, for the average Joe, just buy and
hold for the gold. Both Tesla and Space
will pay off handsomely over the next
couple of years. Thanks for the detailed
analysis. Absolutely, Mr. Cactus. Also,
the question, should you be 50/50 Tesla
SpaceX or 80 20 Tesla SpaceX right now
or after the unlock, you know, whatever
70 SpaceX, 30 Tesla. I do not think when
you simulate this through, it doesn't
matter too much. It's just sure one of
these combinations will be more
profitable. Right now I think Tesla is
the better bet. After the unlock
SpaceX becomes very attractive.
Will it make a giant difference?
Probably not.
Um
Stockholm. Exactly. Stockholm has so
many members.
Uh Leonardo says the show that the
Boeing Starliner is a great example of
how ahead SpaceX in the space game.
Absolutely. It's not even there is no
competition on this.
Uh
love seeing Oslo so much lower than
Stockholm. We love infighting.
What about Oslo? Well, the you know how
the Norwegians are. The Norwegians
uh not so easily excitable. Look what
this little city is here. We have real
action going on in Sandy.
Oh, because of Seaman.
Very good. Level 10.
Oslo has only 13. But why is it black?
It's it's a level zero city because the
Norwegians are not citizens. They don't
get the red. They need to get more
points. Someone here has to sign up. See
that the the suits are a little faster
this time. We have so many citizens.
The sweets know what counts.
But in Helsinki, something's also going
on. What is here? Oh, Sari, of course,
that doesn't count. Sorry is
on the team.
Oh, what is this? Paru.
See, Estonia
Kevin is a citizen. See, Estonia, I tell
you guys, Estonia punches way above its
weight. But we also have Ria. It's
probably No, it's what? Jumala.
That's an interesting That's an
interesting landmark.
And Vius,
I love the Baltics.
See Vius here. It's where the action is.
My Villian is not very
My my Lithuanian is not very good.
Poland is a little thin,
of course. Munich, big and fat. That's
where the rich people are. The Swiss are
a little stingy. There are no citizens.
Oh. Oh, Geneva. That's still
Switzerland.
Uh, Lubilana. Wow,
the Spanish are pretty. I know the
Portuguese. See, it's so interesting.
Pioneerlands map.
The Brits very, very good. Scots could
be a little more active. Ireland. What
about Iceland? My favorite.
Oh, Iceland. That's a Where are my
Icelandic citizens?
Um,
Martin Baka, proud of my fellow Swedish
Vikings. The Vikings were the first big
pioneers. No wonder they are all over
pioneer lands. See, Swedes are smart.
Not in their elections,
but in pine lands. You guys are smart.
Uh,
yeah, exactly. PayPal chat, I found you.
Idiots in the YouTube comment section. I
hope they're getting blocked. I don't
see them here. Many years ago, 2020,
when I first started investing after
graduating, my biggest mistake was
buying Virgin Galactic stock. It crashed
the next day. Well, yeah.
Uh thoughts on Elia smart super
intelligence. Uh I have to look into the
latest but Ilia is a smart cookie. He
definitely is he's a very smart cookie
but I don't know how good his thing is.
He definitely has dangerous thoughts. I
don't like that too much. I don't like
that he's too smart. He actually has
very good thoughts about the nature of
the mind which scares me a little bit.
Here Fen just joined Pioneer Lands. Look
at that. We have Do I see it in real
time?
Four, I think. I think it was three
before.
Yeah. Tamon, we got Fen. Tamon is live.
Beautiful with a beautiful Tokyo
picture.
Welcome to Pioneer Lands.
Uh, heavy driver. You know nothing about
hockey.
On leaps. IV seems relatively low
though. Uh depends on which ones like
how far out.
I mean leaps. I think leaps could be
interesting. I have to look into that
again because normally I only do leaps
in extremely
tight situations.
We look at the United States. Oh, what
is this? Is Canada reserve mines?
Reserve mines. That sounds so funny. It
sounds so Canadian.
Uh, hit the like button. Exactly. LJ is
back.
PayPal chat. Elon recognizes socialism
is a toxic disease.
The left Elon while ago they took off
running towards activism left him in the
dust. Yeah.
Okay. What do we have? What do you think
about Tesla using spare energy from all
9,000s where just deploy compute power?
I mean, they're thinking about this.
They have the little mega box or what's
called
uh
very true. Okay guys, it has been over
one hour. We have to wrap it up. But uh
everyone join Pioneer Lands. It gets it
will get real. I will present my new
gaming strategy, but it's not it's it's
offline gaming. Well, it's going to be
so ingenious. We have little cards.
It's kind of a dinner game where you
It's not a complicated game. It's just
to get people asking interesting
questions. They can draw little cards.
They have AI and pioneer questions and
then they can think and use their brain.
But it's a social dinner party. And then
the host can enter the results into the
app and then it's live,
you know, while privacy protected, but
it's live. And so we can get a little
bit more action here and start really
using our brains and
and practicing thinking. What is that?
Hawaii, Honolulu.
I love my map. We have citizens in
Honolulu.
Look at this. Citizens are the elite
members of pioneer lands. Thai in
Honolulu Lulu. See, and once we have a
beautiful imagine you have this network
of pioneers, you can fly to Tokyo, to
Stockholm, to Honolulu Lulu, to Panu in
Estonia, to Bodu in Norway, and you will
always meet pioneers. Isn't that
amazing?
That's what this map is for. You can
even fly here. What is What the hell is
this? Say shells winer.
We have Nancy.
Wait, something is wrong.
I know Canada
and this is not Canada.
How is this Canada?
This is not Canada.
Guys, help me. Did I miss my geography
session?
Did I miss geography?
Is this Canada?
Is this really Canada?
Maybe it's Canada, but I learned that
differently.
Wait, in Sierra Leona for real? Cambia.
Wow.
But Canada,
maybe Canada is a colony.
Port Hakur.
Wow. everywhere.
You can literally go anywhere you want.
New Zealand is also an interesting place
here. I know Win says Ontario, Canada,
but why is it in Africa?
I've never been to New Zealand.
Christ Church. Oh, that's unfortunately
famous.
Oakuckland.
No Russians in pioneer lands. This is a
very good questions. Okay, if the
Russians can hear me, you have to join
Pioneer Lands. Maybe there's like an
embargo problem, but we have Ukrainians,
I think.
Where are all my Russians?
What is this? Kief.
Yeah, it gets a little thin here. Maybe
there is some censorship. I don't censor
anything but we have Bellarus
one member in Bellarus. Why does it say
two? It says one. And Kief. Poor KF.
Andre and Costia.
Yeah,
Moscow should have way more pioneers. I
don't know. And then here it's a little
empty.
Oh, Iran
is that Omit.
See,
Omit,
very cool. We have Omit on the chat.
Look at how beautiful Thran is. Omit is
on the chat. So, greetings to Thran.
We need to spread more in Iran. There
are many smart people, too. Oh, we have
What is that? Says Afghanistan.
No. Daily. Oh, I'm so stupid.
Afghanistan is here. Sorry. No, here's
Pakistan. Here's Afghanistan.
And of course, we have it in Chinese and
in Arabic because we should all learn
complicated languages. And this is
Burma. This is Burmese.
No, Burma is here. Wait, Thailand?
Is Thailand? This is Burma. We have no
Burmese members.
And the Chinese, well, I understand
they're a little censored.
But Japan should also be in Korea.
Hello, Korea. Hello. Where are my
Koreans? They're all in LA.
All my Koreans are in LA. Champion Saka.
I just signed up on Pioneer. Very nice.
I don't think anyone wants to fly.
Anyone is ready for a dinner in Moscow?
It's going to be a little tough to get
there.
Okay guys,
we have lots to expand in China and in
Russia, but in Europe, we're doing well.
And in the beautiful United States of
America, we're doing even better. In
Canada, we're also not doing too badly.
And of course, in Australia and New
Zealand, we growing.
That's the heartland of pioneer lands
right here. Plus our Australian
and New Zealandian friends. And my
Icelanders have to catch a little up. I
know we have Icelanders.
We need all the Icelanders.
I will fly to Rekuik myself. I was just
there last year.
Okie dokie. Then thanks for tuning in.
We continue tomorrow. Next week we have
a bunch of interesting
interesting coverage with models on
SpaceX compute buildout on Micron
of course on Tesla and we will see what
the market has in store for us. If we go
to 380 again get rejected again drop
back to 350 again Tesla can be very
annoying but I think third time is a
charm and we are breaking through 380
soon. British Columbia, Vancouver.
Beautiful diamond Bitcoin.
Vancouver is right here.
Let's see if we can find
diamond Bitcoin.
But we have real names here, so I don't
know. Maybe Yens.
Yens. That sounds very German.
I know. Solo X a GI. That's exactly the
joke I made today is ASI is now
rebranded SI super intelligence. So ASI
will be SSI
super super intelligence or maybe super
duper intelligence.
I think SDI super duper S super super
would be a little stupid
but we will cross that bridge when we
get there and it kills us all. We should
know who killed us. Was it super duper
or was it super super? We will know very
soon. Okay guys,
Regina Sask
Saskatchewan.
This is like a big geography test. Can I
find on the map Saskatchetan?
Especially where we have so many
Canadian cities. Saskatchewan. Is this
like more here somewhere?
Bossman.
Oh, no. That's US.
Calgary. Kuba.
I don't even know where Saskatchewan is.
Is it here? Saskatoon. That's close to
Saskatchewan.
Oh, Regina there. Boom.
Kim.
But where are you? Kim Bien.
Kim, are you on Pioneer Lands? I can't I
don't see you in Regina.
Regina
that sounds weird. SDI sounds as like a
sexually transmitted disease.
SDI.
Sure.
Sexually transmitted
infection.
But re Regina, you have to like Regina.
So Kim,
Kim BM,
why are you not on Pioneer Lands? You
should sign up because you have two
people we only have in Regina and
and we don't have you. I just found you
here. But I didn't find you. I just
found your church. Is that correct? Is
that your landmark in Regina?
rhymes with fun.
Super technological development.
Okay guys, but now we have to wrap it
up. I need to record more tonight and uh
it was a pleasure. Kim Bian, you have to
sign up. We saw we saw two people
already in Regina. We need you number
three and then we have a network. Three
make a network. What is this? Spokane.
United States. Even one citizen. I have
to check out Portland before we go.
Portland, one of my favorite little
cities. Do we have Vancouver? No way. I
lived in Vancouver.
Most people don't even know Vancouver.
I'm talking Vancouver, United States.
Not the most impressive city, but right
across the river. Oh, wow. In brush
prairie.
Unbelievable.
And we have in Beaverton
Stewart in Beaverton. I had a lab in
Beaverton.
Unbelievable.
I know Beaverton very well. Hillsboro,
Forest Grove,
Portland.
Very nice.
Pine lens is big.
Regina is a Lithuanian name. I didn't
know that.
James Brooder. Brooder.
Have a good afternoon, Johannes. I
appreciate your content. Thanks for
joining everyone and I will see you
tomorrow. Don't forget to join Pioneer
Lands and meet all the other pioneers.
This is very important. The map is
beautiful.
Okay guys, see you