Channel:     futureaza
Title:       Tesla Just Eliminated The Paint Shop
URL:         https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rBQuTvsZSr0
Published:   2026-07-15 18:00 UTC
Fetched:     2026-07-15 19:00 UTC

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Well, people if they follow me a little
bit they might know that I did a lot of
classic car restoration and work and one
of the very first cars I started with
was a Datsun 240Z. If you open the hood
and you look at the curb weight on that
it's 2750.
&gt;&gt; Huh.
&gt;&gt; And that's 1973
and it's
&gt;&gt; No safety features of any kind.
&gt;&gt; So to be within 400 pounds of the
Cybertruck cab that's pretty impressive.
&gt;&gt; That is actually yeah, that is
remarkable.
Cybertruck cab does not have stainless
steel but that doesn't mean [music] it
needs paint. It has reaction injection
molded composite if you will, a plastic.
Call [music] it what you like. It ain't
a metal skin on that car. What does it
mean? Well, I saw some great info posted
by Joe Tegtmeyer and I figured who
better to have a chat about it with. So
we're going to do that. Welcome
everybody. I'm Brian. Welcome to Future
Osa.
&gt;&gt; [music]
[singing]
&gt;&gt; So Joe for those who don't know and I I
know this came as a big surprise to Joe
when I told him has a YouTube channel of
his own. It's true. You can also follow
him on X and if you're a Patreon member
as I am you get some additional stuff.
You get he loves to get out the most
important breaking news to his Patreon
subscribers quickly. So it's a great
resource all around and you're helping
the community. What's not to like?
&gt;&gt; Right? I mean
&gt;&gt; Right, exactly.
&gt;&gt; It's a big [laughter] part of what we're
doing here. So [snorts]
uh we're talking about
the uh
the removal of paint shops basically.
We're going to start with that. Paint
shops are expensive and nasty. And if
you look at paint shops
I interviewed Sandy Munro years ago and
asked how much is a paint shop? Are we
talking a hundred million dollars? He
said sure. Sure. They can be as much as
you want. I've seen two billion dollar
paint shops." What on earth are they
doing? He said, "Beautiful paint
safely."
And
there's not a lot of corners you can
cut.
So, it becomes very expensive. You got
the volatile organic compounds you want
to get rid of.
All of that. So, we're going to get in
&gt;&gt; Yeah, I was going to say, one of the
other things is
you can see it with Giga Texas when it
was built. The first above-ground
structure was the paint shop because it
took up so much space and it took so
long to get the equipment in, get it set
up, get everything calibrated that they
knew that was the longest pole in the
tent and they had to get going as
quickly as possible. So, if you're going
to build a factory, you're not going to
just put a paint shop in uh really
quickly. It's going to take a lot of
time, money, space, and eliminating that
is is much more important than I think
people understand.
&gt;&gt; All true. All correct. Now, we know when
Matthew Donagan Ryan had a chance to
stand next to the Cybertruck at the
event and ask and ask Tom Zhu questions,
but then listen to everyone else's
questions.
One of the questions was, "Is that next
vehicle, whatever it may be, going to be
stainless steel? Is it you know,
are we expecting that?" And he said,
"Paint is expensive."
And that's very true. So, what we're
looking at here is reducing the
complications of the process, reducing
emissions, reducing cost, reducing
weight. There are only so many things
you can reduce.
This makes it quicker, cheaper, just as
safe,
more repairable.
What is reaction injection molding?
&gt;&gt; Well, it's one of two different ways of
making general ways of making plastic
parts. You either have
uh
injection molding or you have reaction
injection molding and they're very
similar in that uh they start off with
like pellets, they put them into a
hopper, they're melted down, they're
injected into a die, and then they make
the parts. Um
reaction injection molding is a little
bit different and that the type of
plastic uh when it's done is they call
it thermoset versus just a
thermoplastic, which means that it's
much more durable, it's not as something
like you could just melt back down and
reuse. It that it can be recycled, but
it takes a few more steps, but it's
generally a better choice of the two to
make large body panels, and that's what
Tesla has chosen to use. Uh in addition
to that, they have uh molded in color or
paint injection, I guess uh you would
say, so that as the mold is coming
together to form the part, the color is
part of that plastic, and it's all done
in one kind of fell swoop. It comes out
uh what you can kind of see behind me is
right before it's trimmed. Uh there's a
little bit of flashing and stuff from
the molding process. It goes into a
trimmer, and then the the part is done.
So, there's no you got to take it to the
paint shop, there's no uh you know, a
bunch of different uh preparation steps
or anything. Um
and the the only other additional step
is under on the underside of the panels,
especially things like uh the hood or
the hatch or the rear quarter panels,
they have another like an inner layer
that's bonded to it. It's either
ultrasonically welded or adhesive or a
combination of the two, and that's what
gives it a little bit more strength or
structure, and it allows it to be uh
bolted to the the unboxed or the
completed unboxed body, uh which is uh
you know, before you see the body panels
on what it would look like, and then
these are just bolted on. Um and it just
uh they they have all the equipment
right there on the line, so it's
basically just-in-time manufacturing.
So, as many hoods, like you can see
behind me that they need, they just make
them right there, and then they're able
to put them right onto the vehicle
without having to store them and taking
up more space. So, uh essentially your
cars are the storage device. You just
put them on the cars and then roll them
out of the factory.
&gt;&gt; If you've ever seen stamping, and I know
you have, but uh if you guys haven't
seen stamping, you can see it in movies
like 8 Mile. Eminem played a uh
a character who worked in a steel uh
bending steel in an auto factory. It's
time-consuming. It's multi-step. Uh and
this is arguably
substantially faster. It is It is
probably a tenth of the time. It's done
in one shot instead of
step-by-step-by-step
to get to the final shape. And it's, you
know, it's plastic. It's cheaper. It's
lighter.
Because the color is all the way through
it, does that mean if someone keys the
car, it's still gold?
&gt;&gt; Well, I haven't tried it yet, but I was
told that if there were a scratch, they
would be able to repair it pretty easily
uh without having to, you know, repaint
it or anything like that. So, the color
is certainly through a a good portion of
that um panel, and uh it is part of the
panel. So, it's not like another layer
that's put onto it. So, it is what it
is.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; So, because they're so cheap and
relatively easy to replace, maybe that's
what the standard's going to be is
instead of, you know, let's say you buy
your Cybercab and you get a scratch in
it, instead of you taking it to a body
shop and them having to bondo it and fix
it and paint it, you just buy another
fender and stick it on there.
&gt;&gt; And that's my question is, you've seen
it closer than probably anyone who's not
under an NDA. Uh Uh
how easy are the panels to replace? I
mean, they're not structural, it's not
unibody, you're not chopping something
out and welding something back in.
Uh they should be pretty
straightforward, shouldn't they?
&gt;&gt; They should and it's just basically
bolt-on.
So, you might have a fender line or
wheel liner to take out and you can get
to the app the mounting points and you
just unbolt it and bolt it back on. Um
you know, the the underlying structure
is the castings and the high-strength
steel and uh as long as those are not
damaged, which those could be replaced,
too, depending I mean, the car is meant
to be really cheap, so it may be just
cheaper to replace the car, especially
if it's a robo-taxi.
Uh but as long as the underlying
structure is not you know, seriously
damaged, it's just unbolt and bolt it
back on and I think that's part of the
the strategy here is
uh to keep them looking nice, to
minimize the amount of maintenance, uh
just just take the fender off and put
another one and go and you can be done
with, you know, 20 minutes.
&gt;&gt; Do you think there'll be an issue with
color matching after 3 years in the sun?
And uh my first answer to that generally
is that
uh I don't care if panels mismatch on a
taxi
because panels always mismatch on a
taxi.
But uh that's going to be an issue,
isn't it?
&gt;&gt; I don't know.
Um
on the one hand is yes, UV is going to
affect, you know, materials, so there
may be some different fading or whatever
on there.
Um
if it's if it's a personal car, uh you
could still wax it and or put coatings
on it and that would help protect it. Um
but from the standpoint, as you pointed
out, if this is a robo-taxi fleet car
and there are always going to be
tens or hundreds of thousands of these
running around, then I think the
matching of the color is the least worry
and if you need to, you just get another
one.
You You or or replace that body panel
that doesn't match. But, uh you know, I
would think that uh uh
you know, there there might be some, but
I I don't know if it's going to be
really that big of an issue. I mean, you
see a lot of painted cars now with the
clear coat, and even people that don't
treat them very well, they last several
years just fine. So, I would imagine
this is similar.
&gt;&gt; And the panels are so much cheaper,
especially in terms of the labor. You
could probably do it yourself. They're
so much cheaper that you could probably
replace all of the panels for less than
the fender work and paint job on a on a
regular car. But, something for
concerning ourselves with down the road.
&gt;&gt; That might actually be a good question
to ask Tesla at some point. I I have not
actually asked them that, but it's like
uh how much did they put into their
calculations uh repair costs as far as
uh um
you know, like insurance claims? Cuz,
you know, a lot of people talk about,
you know, my fender got damaged, and
it's a lot of money. And, well, maybe
with this process they've already
calculated in they they can cut
insurance cost if it's a privately owned
vehicle. And, hopefully, if that is the
case, it will translate into your
insurance premiums.
&gt;&gt; I think so. Now, when you paint a car,
and we've talked about this before,
uh you have to keep the doors with it
when it's painted.
And then, you've got to send it up to
the body bank.
You've seen I assume you've seen the
body bank at Giga Texas.
&gt;&gt; With the Model Ys, and even the
Cybertrucks, yeah.
&gt;&gt; It's got to be massive, doesn't it?
&gt;&gt; Takes up a lot of space. And, you know,
they do that for a variety of reasons,
but it's kind of like uh
uh shock absorber for their production.
So, if they surge, they have them. If
they don't, they you know, they they
have them there, too. If so, something
goes down with the production, they're
not kind of out of luck, because they
have a bunch that they can pull from.
And, it's a fairly common practice. It's
not just a Tesla thing. It's pretty much
every manufacturer.
&gt;&gt; Absolutely. And there's no body bank, so
the production can move a lot quicker.
And uh and there's no paint shop, so it
can move quicker. Uh they're really
cutting out a whole lot. The parts of
the car that are painted
I saw you were mentioning that there's a
a new permit for a much smaller addition
to the paint shop. Is that right?
&gt;&gt; Right. Yeah, so when you paint, you
inevitably get spray and particles into
the air. And uh you know, I I actually
used to paint vehicles, too. One of my
very first ones I remember as I was
putting clear coat on, and I I got so
much clear coat on the ground that my
shoes were sticking to the ground.
Oh. Yeah, so all of that is into the
air. So, you need to you need to get rid
of it. And it's it's not only for the
product, but also for the people and the
environment. And you need to do it in a
way that's environmentally safe. So,
um a lot of times they like at Giga
Texas for the main paint shop, they have
these gigantic devices called
regenerative thermal oxidizer systems.
And they are also something that takes
up a lot of space, a lot of energy.
Um and uh you know, it's space and and
energy you could use for production if
you didn't have those. So, by by going
to a non-painted process or a very small
amount of painted process, you can kind
of eliminate or or greatly reduce that.
So, uh yeah, this is example of what one
of those looks like. And the one at Giga
Texas looks almost exactly like this,
but it's inside the building, and it's
part of the paint shop. Uh Giga Berlin,
actually, when they built the factory,
they put it on the outside, which is
probably smarter for uh space
utilization. But um
but nevertheless, there is still some
parts that have to be coated or painted.
And the door rings, which is sort of the
sides of the Cybertruck where the doors
would attach and you can get in and out.
Those are made out of high strength
steel and those need to be protected. So
there is a process of
painting or powder coating those
e-coating as well. So they have to have
some way of dealing with the small
amount of the volatile
organic compounds and at Gigafactory for
this it's shared with the Cybertruck one
because they also have the passenger
compartment which is also steel. So it's
the same process
but it's greatly reduced the need for
that and and it also separated that
whole system away from the original
paint shop and the original paint shop
can be dedicated almost exclusively to
the Model Y's which of course right now
is their big volume product that
requires
you know a lot of work and paint. The
cyber cab will be a bigger volume
product but it's eliminated almost all
of that.
&gt;&gt; And these pieces of uh
of not plastic but they're plastic
can be recycled. It's like you said not
as easy as just melting them down and
throwing them back in the hopper.
Uh do we know anything about that
recycling process?
&gt;&gt; Um I just know some basic stuff like it
would obviously go through like a
shredder and bring it down to the basic
parts to get it to like a palletized
format or a palletized format and then
they probably do a couple of chemical
processes and then they and then from
there they could just use it again. So
it is something that is recyclable um
but the the nature of these big panels
they didn't want it to be
like if it gets too hot they warp. So
they needed to make sure that the panels
were what they call thermoset so that
they keep their shape and
you know as far as like I said recycling
it is possible. I've had a lot of
viewers ask me about that. They're like
well if they're going to use this
process what are what are they going to
do for
addressing the recyclability of it and I
think that they have that
well at hand and it was part of their
calculation. Um
and you know whether or not they're
going to have like an on-site one, that
I can't say. I don't know. I haven't
seen any evidence of that right now, but
you know, they put in a melt center to
melt down aluminum for casting. So,
there's And they're they're building
black mass battery recycling. They have
that capability going and that's
basically taking old batteries and
getting the components out of them and
then reusing them. So, one could see
maybe that if there's enough cyber cabs
out there, it would warrant them having
a recycling operation, too.
&gt;&gt; Agree on all points. And if you're if it
is one of the harder plastics to
recycle, there is no good, you know,
loop for it. You can always do things
like make park benches. Park benches is
a great use for end-of-life plastic.
Good, you got another 50 years out of it
before it's no longer necessarily
viable. Who knows, by then we might have
more sophisticated
methods for it. And some countries will
then take it at that point when it can
no longer be used and put it into a
furnace to generate power because it is
carbon.
&gt;&gt; Right.
&gt;&gt; And then of course with carbon capture,
that's still reasonable.
So, because we're doing the plastic,
because we're doing the no mirrors, the
no frills, the the no heavy giant over
grossly overpowered motor,
we've got a curb weight of 3,113
lb, which for reference is within 600 lb
of a Miata despite having a roof.
&gt;&gt; Right.
&gt;&gt; That that I think is very impressive.
What are your thoughts on the curb
weight?
&gt;&gt; I actually I was pretty impressed with
that, especially when you consider one
it has batteries and we know batteries
are heavy. So, even if they're small
batteries, they're still heavy. So,
that's one big thing. And the other
thing that surprised me a little bit is
that underneath the skin, they have
three big uh castings. And especially
the rear of the car is it looks to me
like it's grossly overbuilt. It's so
substantial. I I think people will be
surprised at the strength of the
Cybertruck. But with those and the
battery, I was thinking it might be more
like 3,500 lb or so even with the small
car. But coming in at around 3,100, that
that is really impressive
uh for what they've been able to do with
that. Uh that allows a lot of things
like uh cheaper suspensions, the motor
doesn't have to be quite as powerful.
Um you know, it's uh easy to transport,
to move around. So, I was really really
thrilled to see the number came in where
it did uh especially considering that it
also has a lot of modern safety things
like airbags and uh it has antilock
brakes, it has the brake-by-wire system.
the steer-by-wire system.
Um
and we can absolutely confirm what
you've been saying and I've been saying
for a long time, front-wheel drive.
&gt;&gt; [laughter]
&gt;&gt; For sure.
&gt;&gt; I can't believe how many people were
were shocked. Guys, did you know? It's
like
Yes.
&gt;&gt; You know what's actually funny? It's
right behind me, this picture which is
from Tesla. It's on the production line.
I've actually seen it with my own eyes.
I've had viewers tell me that this is a
fake picture.
&gt;&gt; [sighs]
&gt;&gt; I had someone just last week tell me
that all of my videos are AI. And I was
like, that's impressive cuz I've been
doing it for 6 years and 6 years ago AI
could barely make a picture.
Okay.
Sure. Sure. Um
also for reference, 3,113 lb. A Gen 1
Nissan Leaf weighed between 3,200 and
3,400 lb.
And had a very small battery.
&gt;&gt; Well, people if they follow me a little
bit, they might know that I did a lot of
uh classic car restoration and work and
one of the very first cars I started
with was a Datsun 240Z. If you open the
hood and you look at the curb weight on
that it's 2750.
&gt;&gt; Huh.
&gt;&gt; And that's 1973
and it's
&gt;&gt; No safety features of any kind.
&gt;&gt; So to be within 400 lb of the Cybertruck
that's pretty impressive.
&gt;&gt; That is actually yeah that is
remarkable.
So guys in the comments what did we
miss? What did we misunderstand? Leave
it. Leave it I beg of you. Everyone else
you know like subscribe head over to
Joe's channel find out what he's up to
could be anything.
But he does also have footage of a lot
of starbase footage. He has lithium
refinery footage. He has satellite
manufacturing uh
building footage. Uh got uh
&gt;&gt; [laughter]
&gt;&gt; That's right and then the aloe
footage as well. Uh which is not getting
as many views. That's very frustrating
but it's information that needs to be
shared. This is this is powered up.
&gt;&gt; Mhm.
&gt;&gt; This is This is critical. And I'll say
it in that way because then it sounds
important which it also is rather than
terrifying which it isn't.
&gt;&gt; Mhm.
&gt;&gt; So guys leave it subscribe like do all
those things you do. Huge thanks to Joe
for stopping by and making us smarter.
That's important. Comments that's where
you guys make us smarter and I
appreciate it. And stay tuned stay juicy
and I cannot wait to hear from you
clever robots perhaps when I'm on the
road which I am kind of all the time.