Channel:     investingagainstthegrain
Title:       Will Tesla Get a Live Stream This Time? Roadster, Fed, Yen, and the Bond Market
URL:         https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pz79n9eIXfc
Published:   2026-09-14 02:44 UTC
Fetched:     2026-09-14 04:00 UTC

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

It's Fed Week and you better understand
what's about to happen. And all this AI
fear and doom, is it really something to
worry about or is it an opportunity you
should be taking advantage of now?
Meanwhile, Tesla's about to have yet
another event. Will they live stream
this one or is this just a buy the
rumor, sell the news type of event again
for the stock? And speaking of the
stock, what's going on with it? And
finally, Iran, oil, inflation, the Fed,
all this AI fear. Is the market telling
us we better take cover, or is it
telling us something else? Let's
discuss.
You're crazy.
&gt;&gt; Let's begin with an update on Iran and
what that's doing to the market. So,
over the weekend, we saw another strike
by someone that we don't know. Iran's
calling it a terrorist attack on another
Iranian oil tanker. And we see it right
now. I believe actively is burning and
falling into the ocean or sinking to the
ocean. Uh this has led to the Gulf
states to postpone any conversations
that they were supposed to have
tomorrow. Tomorrow being Monday. Now
this is why oil went down on Friday was
for the hopes that the Gulf states were
going to get together and try to find
some type of mediation in order to get
the US and Iran to diplomacy and to get
past all this. However, with these
latest strikes, with what's happening
with the the Houthis attacking the Saudi
Arabian infrastructure and all these
other attacks going on with the proxies
from Iran, we have gotten to the
stalemate once again. So, that's what's
going on tomorrow. We're probably going
to see more effects of this. Oil will
probably be higher. So, be expecting
that. Uh, actually, the markets are
about to open now in a second. So, we'll
see what's going on with that. I'll keep
you guys updated here with the with this
recording as we go. But we should really
expect that oil is going to go up
tomorrow and that this is going to
continue to be something that affects us
and I think everything's going to
continue to escalate as we get closer
and closer to to the midterms. So just
be aware of that. There's a lot of
politics going on in this and until we
get past I think a lot of the politics
not just with uh United States in the
midterms but also some of the more local
elections that we have in in Canada I
think we're going to see a lot more of
this. Okay. So, it actually says here
that the pre-market that oil is or not
oil that the markets are rising. Let's
take a look at oil. Okay, this hasn't
updated yet. So, I'll get back to this
in a second, but just want to let you
guys know that that's what's happening
over the weekend. Friday, it seemed like
there's optimism for what could happen
Monday. And now, here we are once again,
everything delayed. What's new? We got a
lot to cover today, especially with
regards to the Fed and what this means
for the markets, which will obviously
impact Tesla. We're going to take a look
at Tesla and the stock and what it's
doing, what the market's telling us
about the bigger bigger issues, like are
are we headed towards a potential
recession, what's going on with that,
and we're going to look at certain
indicators that have really predict this
every single time. Uh, again, I'm not in
the game of predictions. I just like
looking at these signals, and it's good
for us to have some context. Anyways,
we're going to go and tie all that
together. We're going to talk about the
markets. We're going to talk about
different investments and trades I have
on right now. So, lots to cover. I need
to keep my promise to a lot of you. So,
let's start off with some housekeeping.
First of all, I told everybody that I
would try and find a date between now
and the end of the year to do a a
options crash course and another zero
day. I have been working with my wife to
find dates that would work with our
schedule. As you all know, we have
family all over the country, actually
all over the world. We we travel, we
visit them, and we go see them. And we
got the holidays coming up. We got our
son's uh I guess like second technically
real uh Christmas. So, lots of stuff
going on and it's really hard to get
these courses in and to plan because
there's a lot of prep that goes into a
lot of scheduling. However, my wife is
amazing and she has given us even more
than what we could have hoped for. So,
here are the next dates for the options
crash course and the zero day course.
Okay, number one, we have November 14th.
November 14th is the next options crash
course. After that, we're going to have
one on December 19th. So, if you can't
make November 14th, we're going to go
ahead and do one December 19th. Those
were both options crash courses. Then,
we are going to do a zero day course on
January 2nd. So, after you guys are
recovered from your your long
celebrations of New Year, the 2nd,
that's a Saturday, you guys should be
well rested, should be well recovered.
The zero day course is shorter than the
options crash course. So, it should be a
good one to kind of sober up a little
bit, if you will, and just have a good
time with with good people. So, those
are the three dates. Again, November
14th, options crash course. December
19th, options crash course, and then on
uh January 2nd, 2027 is going to be the
zero day course. So, go ahead, sign up
for those. All the links are down below.
I will tell you what we're going to do
is we're going to try to throttle down
how many people we allow into the
courses. As these courses start to fill
up, we're going to be raising the prices
to try to accommodate. So, if you want
to sign up now, do it now and you'll
lock in these prices. If you don't and
the prices go up, it is what it is,
right? So, we're going to as it fills
up, we're going to be raising the
prices. Please do it now so I don't get
flooded with a bunch of messages. And if
you're wondering, what are we even
talking about? Great question. Let me
talk to you about it. So, the whole goal
of this is to teach you how to make 1 to
4% per month on your portfolio without
having to sell your Tesla, your Nvidia,
your Palanteer, whatever your long-term
buy and hold without having to sell
those and to trade around it to make
alpha. When I say alpha, I mean extra
income, extra revenue. And we have all
kinds of people. I'm about to show you
some things. So, number one, we have
people who are already retired who are
trying to have a better quality of life
and to have more disposable income. We
help them with that. This helps people
who are trying to get into retirement
and be able to have extra income as they
prepare for retirement. It helps with
people doing that. It helps people who
are younger and trying to discover
financial independence because they've
done a good job at buy and hold and
dollar cost averaging and now they're
like, I don't want to sell my shares to
be able to live off. I want to find
another way. And that's what this is.
This is what I do. I'm able to trade
around my portfolio so I never have to
sell my Tesla shares. Right? This is
what we do. This is what we teach. And
the proof is in the pudding. Okay, take
a look at this. This was Rick. Okay, and
we're gonna be quick on these, but this
is Rick. Okay, Rick, fantastic guy.
Okay, he's out of Canada. Fantastic guy,
beautiful man. Um, but he writes here,
"Hey, Nick, please share with your ex
community. I'm still at the rookie stage
and have not sold any shares doing this.
Any shares." He's a big Tesla investor,
by the way. Any shares doing this.
That's the best part of the sty of this
style of trading. I get to hold my
conviction plays like Tesla and earn an
income doing it. Even with the crazy
summer I've had, he's been like in 15
million weddings. The guy's crazy. He's
all over the world just going to all
these weddings. Even with the crazy
summer I've had, I was still able to
pull this off. Thanks again. And you can
see here, um hopefully you guys can see
it. He had fantastic 91.5% win rate. He
made $66,48
in August. And August was a slow month
and he was traveling like crazy. That
was Rick. Take a look at this. This was
Kurt. Okay, Kurt Schwarz. He says here,
"Two months ago, I could not explain
what an option contract even was. After
uh one-on-one uh training, in addition
to the options crash course, the results
of my first full month of training
should speak for itself. When I mention
to people that I am trading options,
their first reaction is typical,
typically that I am gambling." Well, if
these are the percentages that can be
achieved with solid mechanics,
discipline, and rules, then deal me in
every hand. To say that learning to
trade options has been transformational
would be an understatement. Thank you,
Nick, for showing us the way. And if you
look here again, he made 42,353
in his first month. And if I'm looking
at this correctly, he had a 97.2% win
rate. These aren't coincidences that
they are getting the same type of
results that I am. It's because they're
mechanical. They're learning. And again,
uh Kurt had no experience with options
at all. Now, the options crash course is
not just for people who have no
experience. Rick had experience with
options. He understood what options
were, how they worked, but he didn't
have a proper uh mechanistic way of
going about it. He didn't have the
proper mechanics, the discipline, the
rule sets, and you know, a few other
things that I teach along the way with
one-on-one coaching that I can't
obviously get to everybody. This is for
everybody. We even have uh someone who's
uh used to work at at Charles Schwab. We
have someone who used to work at Goldman
Sachs. We've had people from uh a former
uh people from IBKR. So, we've got
people across the board who have joined
who are very experienced with options
taken it. So, this is for all levels.
Yes, we talk about the basics, but
that's because I need to make sure
everyone's on the same playing field.
There can be some misconceptions about
what certain things are and what certain
things are. So, we got to make sure that
we kind of untrain bad habits and we set
a a clear expectation and taxonomy so
we're all on the same page. This is
Kurt, right? This is his wife. His wife
Lori is is she's on another level. Okay,
take a look at this. This is her
September so far, right? We're 13 days
into September. That that includes
weekends. She has a win rate of 99.7%.
She's done 367 trades. That's more than
what I do in a month. Okay? And that's
what she's done. And she has made
$60,000.
$157 so far. 6 $60,157 so far in
September. She is a beast. All right.
She is just absolutely disciplined,
honed in, mechanical. And you know,
people ask all the time like, "Oh man,
with so many trades like that and those
type of results, they must be trading on
a huge portfolio."
Guys, first of all, the portfolio size
doesn't matter. 1 to 4% is the goal.
Most of these people, they're not
putting all of their all their money
into the trading. They just have a
trading account they're using. 1 to 4%
is the standard. That's what you should
be expecting for yourself. That's how
you should hold yourself accountable.
Can you make 1 to 4% per month doing
this? And I'll tell you right now, I say
1 to 4%, it is conservative, but I want
you to stay on the conservative side.
And if you do better than that, then
great. But my goal is to teach you how
to do this conservatively, repeatably.
This is not a get-richqu thing. That's
not the goal here. The goal is to make
sure that you can do this sustainably,
stand the test of time. do something
where you keep your core buy and hold
and then you learn how to trade around
it so you can be capital efficient.
That's the goal. I want to teach you how
to fish. I want to teach you what I've
been able to do. What's allowed me to
have my wife retire? What's going to
allow me to retire here shortly, right?
I want you to experience this. I want
you to be like Lori. I want you to be
like her. I want you to be like Rick.
Right? That's the goal. I hope you guys
um you know want to attend. You know, if
you have questions, send me a DM. I
answer pretty much everybody. Uh, I try
to get back as fast I can, but I I I get
back to everybody. The links are down
below. Again, these courses, I'm going
to increase the price as they start to
fill up. That's the only way we can do
it, to throttle it down. So, if you want
to join, please use the links down
below. Now, let's get back with today's
agenda because this week is all about
the Fed. All right, the Federal Reserve.
On Wednesday, well, technically Tuesday,
the meeting kicks off, but on Wednesday,
we are going to learn the uh Kevin Wars
and the rest of the board members their
decision on what they're going to do
with the rate hikes. Why does this
matter? Why do we even care about this?
Well, we care about this because when
rates go up, it affects everything. It's
a ripple effect. Now, h how does this
work? Well, Kevin Worse can only control
the short-term rate, which really is
just the overnight rate. So what the
repo markets are essentially based off
of that trickles into everything else
because that trickles into the 2-year
into the 10year into the 20s into the
30s and so this makes money more
expensive is the easiest way to think
about it. So for for the everyday
person, how does it affect you? Well, it
makes credit card uh interest rates more
expensive. It makes car loans more
expensive. It makes mortgages more
expensive. It takes everything up. What
about for the everyday type
entrepreneur, right? The majority of the
companies in this country are small
businesses. These small businesses tend
to take out loans so that they can fund
growth or fund projects or to get
material and supplies so that they can,
you know, sustain for the next month and
the next month. And these type of loans,
they carry interest rates. And if we
raise rates, those interest rates get
more expensive. If you have a heliloc,
your heliloc gets more expensive,
especially if it's adjustable. if you're
on ARM, right? Same kind of thing.
Across the board, everything gets more
expensive. As you can imagine, when all
these things get more expensive, they
also pass it on to you, which is a bit
ironic, uh, because companies aren't
going to eat this. Companies are going
to make sure that they pass it on. If I
have a a higher loan rate, and I'm I'm a
small business, right? And I have to pay
more in interest rates, interest
payments because of that. Well, and if I
have thousands of customers, well, I
can, you know, piece it out between all
of them. It's everyone kind of helps me
take a little bit of the edge off from
this new expense I have. And that's what
happens. That's why the whole idea of
taxing big companies more makes no sense
because those companies will just pass
on the tax to the everyday person. And
when politicians say this, they're being
disingenuous because they're just
assuming that you're not going to think
two steps ahead. And it's not fair
because they're pulling on the
heartstrings of people who are
struggling and suffering. Anyways, so
why does it matter to you beyond just
that? Well, it matters because when you
raise rates, the goal of raising rates
is to slow down the economy. Yeah, it's
kind of crazy. It's intentionally
slowing down the economy. Raising rates
is like chemo for cancer. I know that
sounds a bit harsh and maybe morbid, but
it is. It's chemo is a blunt tool for
cancer. It's essentially trying to take
a a big hammer to try and tackle a
smalst problem. And that's what we're
doing here when we raise inflation or
when we raise rates. We have a little
bit of inflation and we can't exactly
tackle that inflation. So what do we do?
Well, we say let's just slow down the
entire economy. Let's make it way more
expensive to do things so people spend
less money. And that's what they do.
What's interesting about this time
though is that we can't actually control
this inflation with rate hikes. You see
the inflation we have right now, it's in
energy and it's on AI uh memory and
servers, AI infrastructure. That's where
our inflation is in this country. That's
it. Raising rates won't affect that.
Raising rates won't help open up the
street of Hormuz. It won't create more
uh refineries. It won't create more high
bandwidth memory. It's not going to help
SanDisk and Micron build new fabs. It's
not going to do that. So, it's not going
to help at all. All it's going to do is
slow down an economy for no good reason.
I understand that the Fed is likely
under pressure and they're getting
pressured by the bond market. And if
they weren't getting pressured by the
bond market, I do not think they'd be
raising rates. But the bond market is
pressuring them. The 2-year, the 10year,
and the 30-year are all pressuring the
Fed to do something. Right now we are
going to see rates raise pretty much
lock it in guarantee it. Take a look at
this here. You can see this is the Fed
watch tool. This is essentially the
prediction of what the market is saying
on the odds of the Fed raising rates or
not. I have never seen this be
inaccurate. And while I've been saying
that I don't think the Fed will raise
rates, I'm going to still stick with
that because I don't think they should.
But it seems like at this point it's all
about optics and vibes more than about
actually doing things for logical
reasons. I think right now it's all
about like I said vibes and saying, "Hey
Wars, are you Trump's puppet or not?"
"Hey, Worsh, you've been talking
hawkish. Is this just jawboning or can
you actually walk the walk along talking
the talk?" Because he's been talking the
talk. Can you walk the walk? Well, we're
going to find out. According to the
predictions here, yeah, it's going to
happen. It's definitely going to happen.
And I'll tell you, there's some good
news and bad news here in my opinion.
The good news, this is baked in. The
markets baked this in. Like we are not
going to have a surprise on Wednesday
unless they don't raise rates. The fear,
whatever we're going to have about the
Fed raising rates on on Wednesday. It's
in like the market's already baked this
in. If you look here, this is the
following meeting. The following
meeting, you can see here, will be in
October. And looks like it's October
28th. This is what's even more
interesting. We have a 40% chance that
we have another rate hike in October.
This is this is an interesting little
little thing to keep in mind. Look at
this. In 1997, this is the only time in
modern Fed history where we've only had
where we've had a oneanddone type rate
hike. Every other time when we've had
rate hikes, there's been more than one.
If we just think about it from that
point of view, odds are this will not be
a oneandone. Odds are this will be at
least two two rate hikes. And the
market's kind of pricing that in
already. In fact, the 2-year, if you
look at the 2-year uh the two-year
notes, they are at 4.63%.
Versus where we're currently at, 3.63.
This tells you that the bond market is
pricing in about 2 and a half uh rate
hikes or uh call it 50 to 60 basis
points in rate hikes. So, even the
2-year is saying that the Fed's behind.
So, I've always said this that you can
kind of ignore the Fed and just look at
the 2-year and it'll tell you what is
going to happen with rates. And the
two-year is telling you they're going to
raise rates. The problem with what's
happening right now though with bonds
where it kind of muddles the story, it's
AI. And I'll explain to you. Normally,
you can look at the bond market as the
the pillar for what is the Fed going to
do or the pressure point for Congress to
act when it comes to deficits, right?
That's that's what worked with uh
Gingrich and Clinton to put pressure on
them so that they could finally get to a
balanced budget for once. And we've seen
the bond market over and over do its job
to put the Fed into their place. So the
bond market is essentially the the
adults in the room. That's how it tends
to be. But why is it distorted this
time? And what does AI have to do with
it? Well, normally the US Treasury has
no competition. The US Treasury is the
most liquid market in the world. It's
the biggest market. However, not this
time. This time they do have some
competition, right? This is kind of a
David and Goliath type story where David
is all these AI uh companies. And what's
happening is these AI companies, the
Amazon, Microsoft, Google, Meta, SpaceX,
uh Anthropic, OpenAI, all these
companies are issuing debt. They're
raising debt. Nibbius, right? Another
example. Corewave, another example,
Nvidia, right? All these companies are
raising debt. They're going to the debt
markets to be able to get more capital.
Well, what's happening here is that they
are now competing against the treasury,
US Treasury for debt issuance. And this
is kind of creating a lack of liquidity
for the bond market. Therefore, we don't
have as many buyers of US debt. This is
a rare thing we don't see too often. And
I think that this is kind of maybe
distorting the picture. Now, obviously,
no one else is going to agree with me on
that, at least probably not the Fed.
Maybe Wars would. We'll see what he
says. I think it's very clearly
distorting the picture. Nevertheless,
odds are the odds, and we'd be foolish
to ignore it. Now, while I still think
that they shouldn't raise rates, and I'm
just going to continue to say that
they're not going to because I don't
know, I'm a fool here. I'm not placing
any trades. I'm not doing any investment
decisions based off of my what they
should do. All right, that's that's not
how I operate. I place trades based on
what the market gives me and I go from
there. Um, speaking of that, I have a uh
I have a trade uh review coming up here
soon on Dell. Very very excited to show
you guys that. Um, and by the way, if
you guys saw all of the like the the
images up there of all the different
software that we're using, how
everyone's using the same software to
show their trades and their results,
that's our IG uh journal. It it tracks
your trades. It helps with your watch
list. Like my whole watch list is in
there. It's got the BX trender built in.
It's got good AI market awareness. It's
got so much into it. And we're about to
do a really large update. So, it's
really exciting. If you guys want to use
that tool, you don't have to have taken
any of my courses is if you do anything
with options, if stocks, anything, you
can use it. So, go ahead and sign up. Uh
we pretty much work with most brokers at
this point and we're going to
essentially have access to all brokers
here soon. So, if you want links down
below, uh again, it's a a journal made
by options traders for options traders
and and we're all big Tesla investors,
too. The reason I brought that up is
because I'm going to be doing a review
of a trade where we're going to be able
to do a replay using the journal and
we're going to see step by step what I
did and why I did it. I really want to
help you guys understand the decisions I
do in a trade live as we're going
through it. So, I think that'll be
helpful. But the main thing that you're
going to understand is that I don't make
decisions based off of what I think is
going to happen. I take what the market
gives me and I move and react to that.
And so that's what I will be doing with
the Fed meeting and what's going to
happen because while everything is baked
in at the moment, while everything is
already, you know, the market's already
acknowledged that there's going to be a
rate hike, what the market hasn't
actually priced into yet is the SEP.
Okay, so you might be wondering what is
the SEP? Well, that's the summary of
economic projections. So, four times a
year, all of the Fed members normally,
we'll talk about that in a second, all
the Fed members, they put their predict
their predictions for looking out over
the rest of the year. Uh, and it's like
a dot plot of where they expect rates to
go, if they expect more hikes or not,
and then they kind of get an average of
where they're at. Now, you don't know
who does what or where they're at, but
we get to see what the medium median uh
range is and where where that stands.
And so, this Fed meeting, we're going to
get a new SCP, a new summary of economic
uh uh economic projections from the Fed.
And if this moves more hawkish, meaning
more rate hikes, that is going to be
something the market will react to,
right? So really, this Fed meeting isn't
even, in my opinion, about the Fed rate
hike. It's about two things. One, the
SCP, which we just talked about, but
number two, what does Kevin War say,
right? What does he say as far as his
predictions of what's going to happen
moving forward? Is he overly hawkish if
because they're doing a rate hike or is
he going to be a little doubbish? So,
where do we go from here? Well, we know
that the Fed's going to go ahead and
raise rates, or at least that's what the
projections say. And we know that they
have a SCP that's going to come out.
Now, Worsh has been adamant about not
giving his his uh projections,
predictions for where things are going
to go. The last SCP, which was his first
uh his first meeting as Fed chairman, he
decided to he declined to offer up his
projections. He doesn't think the Fed
should be giving their projections at
all, but his tone has been very hawkish
since day one. It will be interesting to
see if it changes with this meeting and
we'll see more importantly maybe what is
the fallout from this if they raise
rates. Is Trump going to say something?
He's already started to insinuate that,
you know, he's kind of throwing some
shade over at Kevin Walsh and is this
about to be something or is this all
brilliantly orchestrated? None of us
know. All we can do is watch and see
what happens and then react to the
ripple effects that come out of this.
Now, I know maybe this is all bit boring
for you guys, but it's critical. It's
absolutely critical. And I'm I promise
we're going to tie this all together and
why this matters, especially if you're a
Tesla investor. But now, let's dive into
talking about Japan. A couple weeks ago,
Treasury Secretary Besson was made fun
of across the board by everybody. You
name them who who anyone who's prominent
in economics or making fun of Bessant
for his purchase of yen. All right. So
he essentially sold a lot of euros that
we had on the balance sheet and he
bought yen and he went out on CNBC and
he essentially was kind of leading the
witness saying, "Guys, do you really
think that me as Treasury Secretary I
don't potentially have some asymmetric
information that maybe I know what I'm
doing? That maybe this is not just an
accident." Now, the way CNBC and
Bloomberg and everyone else was trying
to paint it was one, uh, this guy
doesn't know what he's doing. Two, he's
not a hedge fund manager. He doesn't
understand that he can't just do this
and that the US economy is much bigger
and the bond market is much bigger and
all this stuff. And number three, that
he's just making a mistake and that he's
just all ego. Well, it turns out he did
have asymmetric information. Turns out
the Japanese are likely to be raising
their interest rates this coming up week
uh at I guess around Friday, which would
ma make his trade, in other words, his
purchase of yen very timely, very good.
It would mean he's winning on his trade.
And why is this important? Well, because
if the the Japanese do raise their
rates, then that means that there's less
likelihood that they start selling their
US debt, their US bonds. So, if they're
not selling the US bonds, this helps
support our bond market, right? That
keeps more more uh more liquidity from a
seller perspective being on the market
and so that we don't need as many new
buyers to come in to buy up all the
debt. This is very good. So, it seems
like Besson actually knew what he was
doing. It seems like he did have
asymmetric information. Now, foot and
mouth, does he do that a little bit?
Sure has lately. He was just at a
university where he said, "I have
asymmetric information. I am the house."
Now,
that probably is not going to rub a lot
of people the right way. When you're
sitting there as treasure treasury
secretary, it sounds very ego, not very
humble. If you're sitting there saying,
"I am the house." Like, that's a hell of
a phrase to say, "You are the house."
Well, in a way, he's not wrong. And what
I mean by that is the house knows what
cards everybody has. The house can see.
The house can, you know, know if
someone's cheating. You know, the house
has eyes everywhere and has asymmetric
information. I think that's really what
he was getting at, right? The house has
edge um or vig, right? I think that's
what they call it. So, uh the house has
that advantage and that's what I think
Besson is trying to say. But the way he
said it, well, maybe not the most humble
way to say it, but I understood what he
was saying, but it's going to get taken
out of context. The rate hikes are baked
in. Everything Besset needed to happen
with Japan looks like it's happening.
And we are already expecting the rate
hikes to come in. So, the only real risk
we have this week, in my opinion, is
Iran, oil, and this SCP. Now, you might
be wondering, and I think it's a fair
question to ask, why are markets up
despite the fact that we have oil
breaking $100 a barrel, the Iran war
escalating, inflation fears continue to
be rampant, all this AI fear doom going
on non-stop, rate hikes coming in,
right? All this is happening, yet
markets are holding up really well. In
fact, we're near all-time highs. What
gives? with a very simple basic answer
and the answer is the one that everybody
wants to just keep ignoring and keeping
bearish and keep calling for a bubble
and all this stuff but they ignore the
simple answer
earnings. We have amazing earnings from
our our companies. Put this way the S&amp;P
500 today is cheaper than it was last
year. All right, cheaper than it was
last year. Earnings are so strong for
our companies, it's ridiculous. Our
forward pees are ridiculously low. And
every company is essentially guiding for
bigger, stronger, better, faster. You
have Nvidia, the biggest company in the
world, guiding for 70% growth next year.
And what does Jensen say? It would have
been more if we weren't constrained by
supply chains. That's what he said.
That's the market we're in. This market,
if we start to get some of these things
like oil, inflation, Iran, SCP, that's
not too bad. We get past the rate hikes.
We get through the midterms, which by
the way, historically, the market runs
after I think it's like 100% of the time
the market runs up 12 months after the
midterms are over. This market is set to
explode up. It's ripe for it. We're not
overextended. We're not overly
expensive. We got lots of growth. It's
broad base. It's not just a handful of
names. This is arguably the healthiest
stock market we have had in a decade,
decade and a half. It is strong. People
are underestimating it. This is your
advantage. This is your opportunity.
Now, let's talk more about what's been
happening this past week, cuz it's kind
of hard to ignore. Everybody and their
mother is talking about the fear of AI,
right? We've got from open AI to
anthropic. Elon's getting into the game.
Everyone's talking about the need to
slow down AI, the dangers of it, all
this stuff. Look, I grant you, I don't
know what these frontier model companies
are seeing that we're not seeing.
They're also not telling us any of the
data. Okay? David Saxs had a really good
point about this on on uh the online
podcast this this weekend, but
everybody's talking about this narrative
of how dangerous AI is. Yet, I'm over
here and I can't even get
conversationally a conversation with
Grock or with uh Claude without getting
pissed off because it's like, "No, no,
no. That's not what I'm talking about."
Like, "How do you not know this? How do
you not know that? Clearly, this is the
next question you should be asking me."
Like, conversations like that. Very
basic, simple things. I can't get
Grockbot to consistently run a cron job.
It's it's ridiculous. Every single time
it breaks and I've tried six different
ways to kind of force it to to keep
persistent this cron job. I even up
upped my limit and went to the highest
level of Grockbot I could paying like
$300 a month just to see if it was a
token based thing. Nope. Still can't get
a cron job to persist. Okay. Very basic
routine cron job. That's it. Nothing
crazy. All right. All I'm really asking
for it to do is listen in the background
every hour as to something else you and
if something triggers to let me know
that's it and it keeps breaking. Now
Crockbot is really amazing. I'm using
that like crazy. But this is one little
example a very basic thing that it's
failing at. Now my opinion is that if
any of these companies want to slow down
for safety or whatever do it. No one's
stopping you. Go for it. Stop. Slow
down. You don't need government to help
you slow down. You don't need mommy and
daddy who are drug addicts and drunks
and can't ever get along and are abusive
to tell you what to do. Yeah, that's our
government. Our government is that these
people who don't know how to how to get
along. These people that just argue,
just throw ad homins at each other,
can't balance a freaking budget, can't
get along about anything, throw out half
lies, fake statistics, all of them do
it. And you want them to come up with
the regulations for you. How about you
guys be the adults in the room for once?
go and taper yourself, slow down
yourself if that's what you want, but do
not put this pressure on everybody else.
Do not inject government to limit
innovation in this country. I think
that's a huge huge mistake. And I think
uh Ilia here says it really well. I do
not support pacing frontier models. If
I'm going to die at the hands of killer
AI, I want it to be American, not
Chinese. Buy American, die American. I
couldn't agree more. I could not agree
more. I think there's way too much
sensationalism about all this. Look,
Elon is kind of backing up Daario. He's
the CEO of Anthropic. I get it. I also
think it's a bit of a business business
decision because how can it hurt Elon?
Yeah, guys, you Anthropic Open, you guys
can slow down. You support Anthropics,
good for you cuz you know SpaceX needs
to rent out data centers and go for it.
You don't want to lose out on, you know,
one of your three to four top clients
for SpaceX and data centers. Uh, and in
the meantime, if they want to slow down,
go for it. you slow down all you want
cuz Grock's going to continue going. In
my opinion, that's probably what Elon's
thinking. And if it's not, then let's
just be honest. Elon and his timelines
about the dooms and the fear of AI has
been wrong for a long long long long
long time. His timelines are never
accurate. They're never great. And at
the same time, if we are so worried
about this, then you can selfdisipline.
You know, if I'm worried about something
bad happening, I'm allowed to take
ownership and choose not to do said
thing. I don't need to go and find the
government to put rules on me. So, I
don't do that said thing. Like, this is
a bit crazy to me. So, I don't support
this limiting of of AI. I don't support
this government intervention. I don't
support the the slowdown of data
centers. I think it's a bit ridiculous.
I think all all there's so much
brainwashing out there. You know, I I
talk to people and they'll sit there and
say, "Oh, data centers don't have a lot
of uh jobs." Like, what are you talking
about? Like no, maybe not on campus, but
there's a lot of people a whole
ecosystem supports a data center. Yes,
maybe a lot of people work remote, but
most of those people now have to be in
the city that they're working in. Why?
Well, because a lot of these cities,
take DC for example, they give big tax
breaks to companies like Amazon,
Microsoft, Google, they give them big
tax breaks so they bring their people
there. So they have people in the city.
Why would they do that? Well, because if
you're going to give tax breaks for them
to build their data centers in your
city, then you want those people living
in the city so that they can spend their
money so they can spend their taxes and
they can help circulate money and grow
the city. They're not. And and they have
quotas. I swear to you, they have quotas
to ensure that these companies have
employees tied to that city and they
these companies have to prove it. Guess
how I know. Guess how I know. Yeah. Kind
of in that world. They 100% have quotas
that they have to meet to the cities,
right? I'm a primary source for you
guys. 100% that's how it works and
that's what's happening. All these
companies will give you some BS line
saying, "Oh, it's better for teamwork
and all this." Guys, it's BS. They don't
want to have to pay back their tax
breaks. That's what it is. And so, what
are they going to do? Hey, uh, remote
work is over. Uh, return back to the
office. Uh, it's better teamwork now,
right? That's what we need. We need you
in location now. And that's happening a
lot across tech because of this very
reason. So I don't know to to me we've
been brainwashed and people or no we I
haven't but people have all this madeup
narrative about data centers about how
loud they are like okay there might be a
handful of old data centers that are
loud that is not the norm clearly you
have not been a data center inside yeah
it's loud not standing outside right it
is not loud the way all these people
make it sound water consumption like are
you kidding me like I don't even talk
about that there's been plenty of people
who debunked this a million times.
Energy, yeah, they used to take up a lot
of energy, but now with all these data
centers being built, guess what? It's
even better now because now all these
data centers are being forced to produce
their own electricity, which then will
feed back into our grid to make it more
resilient. Oh my god, what a great thing
to do, right? So, we had this problem
and now which was our grid, not the fact
that data centers use energy, but we had
all these data centers start to be
built. They're sucking up a lot of the
energy. And so guess what? Trump put in
a he put in a uh requirement for all
these data centers to shift left and
supply their own energy, build out their
own energy, and that feeds back into the
grid. What a great what a great
entrepreneurial way to solve this
problem. So this this issue with data
centers is just it's it's noise. You
have to wonder like where's your
programming coming from or the people
that you talk to, you just wonder like
how did you get to this point of view?
Like what research did you do when you
went into this? Have you ever even been
to a data center? Have you ever explored
it? Do you even know if there's a data
center around your city, your town?
Guess what? There is. And if you really
want this to slow down, then are you
going to stop using your AI tools? Are
you going to stop using YouTube? Are you
going to stop using Facebook and
Instagram? Are you going to stop using
X? Because if you're going to slow down
all these data centers being built, well
then, okay, well, where where are you
doing your part? Because you're still
consuming everything that requires all
these data centers. Are you going to
stop watching so much Netflix, Apple TV,
Hulu? Because all that are data centers
and they're not these data centers in
some far mystical uh place, right? You
got content delivery networks, which are
data centers all around you. That's why
you can get Netflix so quickly. That's
why your YouTube loads up so quickly.
That's why your Instagram reels go so
fast and your Tik Tok goes so fast is
because we have all these CDNs all over.
So, there's a huge misconception and
everybody wants to like ride this like
hot topic. I don't know why it's a hot
topic. It's such a silly hot topic.
Anyways, I'll get off my my soap box
there. Let's talk Tesla because Tesla is
confusing to say the least. So, we got
another event and obviously we all know
it's about the
not Cyber Cab, about the Roadster.
The Roadster is set to launch on October
1st. So 10001.
Interesting how they have that, right?
Might be something there. But we also
have the image here as you can see on
the invite. And as many people have
talked about, if you flip it upside
down, which my iPad just didn't allow me
to do, but if you flip it upside down,
it looks like it's the Roadster kind of
maybe having jets shoot off of it.
Anyways, it says go for launch on the
invite and that's gonna be coming up
now. They better stream this one. Tesla
better have iterated on on what just
happened because the that was such a big
fauxpaw on their part for with the Cyber
Cap event that it's not even that they
didn't stream it. They didn't even
inform people, right? They didn't inform
those in the know. They didn't inform
people at the event. They didn't inform
anyone that it wouldn't be live stream
and left everyone hanging. And the next
day, what was the whole narrative? What
was the whole story? Not that Tesla
finally did it, that they launched the
cyber cabs that went flawless,
beautiful, all this stuff that's open to
the public. No, it was, oh, Tesla didn't
live stream, left lots of people
hanging. Like, what a own goal. Like, we
got to stop doing that. I say we
because, yeah, I'm all in on Tesla like
many of you are. We got to stop doing
this. But hopefully they live stream
this. And if they're not going to live
stream it, tell us. Tell us. Like let's
not let's iterate. We got to be getting
better. Like what happened to be less
wrong, right? Like let's let's do more
of that. But let's maybe also take a
look at Tesla outside of the company
because honestly the company's doing
great. And all this oil stuff, it's only
going to make it better. I I think it's
only going to increase the amount of
Tesla sales. In fact, I think all other
automakers are slowing down their EV
sales. And I think I could be wrong, but
I'm pretty sure Tesla's actually
increasing their market share, which is
kind of nuts, but in the best way. But
let's separate the company and let's
look at the stock because maybe there's
something in the stock that we should be
worried about and maybe not. So, let's
start off here. This is a chart of Tesla
from a daily perspective. So, each of
these candles, each of these bars are
one day. This is what I like to look at
when I trade Tesla or trade anything
really. I like it I like to look at the
daily and I like the daily because it
gives me more signal I believe. But what
I want you to look at is not the stock.
The stock is those top top candles you
see there. Now you can see I have an
arrow pointing. That's where I want you
to focus on. That arrow is pointed to
the BX trender. Now you can see the
stock actually looks like it's going to
continue going up, right? That's how it
looks. But the BX trender is a momentum
indicator and it's telling us that Tesla
has been slowing down and I think most
of us would agree with this. Now on the
daily, this is telling me when I look at
this and I don't know, I just I just
take what the market gives me. The
market's telling me that momentum is
slowing down and it's likely going to
keep going down. But this is telling me
that Tesla is likely going to go down
here. And just because the momentum goes
down does not mean the stock goes down.
But it can mean that the stock stays
flat as a options trader, especially the
way I trade options, the way I teach
options. Great. Stock can go up, I make
money. Stock can go down, I make money.
Stock can stay flat, I make money. I
make money in any market. How? Well,
that's what I teach. That's why we have
a 90 plus% win rate, right? It's not a
coincidence. It's not BS. It's real. You
just don't know how to do it. Spend one
day with me. You're going to learn how
to do it. You'll be doing the same
thing. Think about that. You know what's
the craziest thing? Just a little side
note. How many people
don't take the class
think about taking it eventually take
it? And then they say to me, you know, I
was worried because I thought it was,
you know, kind of expensive, but not
really, but it was like right on that
borderline. and then I took the class
and like I made my money back in the
first week and I can't believe I didn't
take it sooner. I get so many of these
messages. It's crazy. It's true. It is.
I I'm telling you right now, it will be
one of the best ROIs you've probably
ever had. It It probably will be you.
The fact that you can make your money
back so quickly, it's it's a it's it's I
book here, but it's a steal. It really
is. You know, that's why I say this is a
philanthropic effort because I can't
teach everybody, right? I there's only
so much of me to go around and my team,
uh, shout out to my team, Ben, Daniel,
uh, we have a great team, my wife, you
know, a family that supports us. But,
you know, we we give back a lot. In
fact, with my one-on-one coaching alone,
it's pretty exciting. Uh, so I I have a
handful of people that I have one-on-one
coaching with. Um, Ben has a handful of
people that he coaches one-on-one.
Actually, Ben has a couple spots left
open. So, if you're interested, uh, send
me a DM and we can see if, uh, you're a
good fit to join Ben for coaching
one-on-one. But just me alone with my
clients, we, uh, we are just under for
August, uh, my clients brought in a
million dollars trading in August. Yeah.
My one-on-one clients. Like, I'm so
proud of them. And you all know who you
are. I'm so proud of you guys. You You
guys are crushing it. You guys are
killing it. I'm so proud of you. Uh,
keep up the good work. Don't don't let
this go to your head. Don't get too big
of a head. Stay humble, stay mechanical,
stay disciplined. But I I couldn't be
more proud. Like honestly, this
community is absolutely amazing.
Anyways, let's go back to Tesla here.
So, if as I see this, it tells me that
in the short term, Tesla's likely to go
down a little bit, at least the
momentum, and this is going to show some
weakness. But it's not bad news because
take a look at this. This is arguably
the more important one that you want to
look at from from a Tesla long-term uh
shareholder. From a long-term
shareholder, a buy and hold or for
someone like me who I do trade cover
calls on Tesla when my setup is there.
One of the things I look at for the
proper setup is this. I look at the same
thing. You can see the arrow there, but
these candles are at a different time
frame. Now, this is on a weekly time
frame. So each one of these candles,
each one of these bars is one week. And
when this weekly starts to go up as it
has been, that's a very bullish time for
the stock. So yes, the daily may be
headed down red from a mental
perspective. That's good. That's
actually healthy. What you want to make
sure is that these weeklies continue to
go up. So the fact that the weekly is up
and looks strong, that's a good thing.
Now, at certain point, it will be a
signal for me to sell cover calls, but
not yet. That's why we haven't been.
Doesn't mean I don't scalp here and
there, but we're not doing cover calls
yet. Okay? Especially not with the
potential SpaceX announcement. We
haven't had the shareholder um uh
meeting announced or anything. So, after
that, you know, that's when we'll really
start to consider cover calls, but not
yet. And especially not when the setup's
not there yet. So, be patient. be
patient. Tesla is actually in a very
good spot here. Tesla can break out to
the upside. Uh and that's why I continue
to say that I think Tesla will hit
all-time highs by the end of the year.
Again, you know, when we're sitting here
under 400, it's not exactly like I have
the most confidence in what I'm saying,
but I do think that's what's going to
happen. I I'm pretty convinced that
we're going to get there. And I think
the market is just trying to get through
a few things. trying to get through
Iran, trying to get through oil, trying
to get through all this AI doomsday
stuff, trying to get through inflation
that's not actually there, by the way,
trying to get past midterms. So, I think
November, December, man, is I think it's
going to be like a Santa Claus rally
like we haven't seen in a long time. We
haven't had a proper Santa Claus rally
maybe four years. No, more than that.
No, four years. It was It was uh at the
end of 2021. So, was that four or five
years? So, at the end of 2021, right
before Jerome Pal decided to turn things
upside down, was the last time we had a
true uh Santa Claus rally. So, I hope we
get one here, and I I think we will. All
right, but let's also look at the things
from a macro perspective. I've talked a
lot about all these things, right? We we
just went over oil, inflation, Iran, AI,
doomsday. People are paranoid. People
are telling you that we have do bubble
coming up. All this stuff. At the end of
the day, ignore all that. Ignore all it
and simply look at the momentum for the
S&amp;P. That's the S&amp;P 500. This has been
the best, in my opinion, the best signal
for every down market we have ever had.
Go back, go on your computer, go look it
up, go look for yourself. But take a
look at this. Here is the S&amp;P on the
daily perspective. You can see here on
the daily perspective, we've gone from,
again, you can see the arrow. We've gone
from that dark bar to the light bar.
That tells you that the S&amp;P 500 is
likely going to start moving up higher,
right? No guarantees. It's just telling
you where the momentum is going, right?
This is something to keep an eye on.
Now, let's take a look at this next one.
This one is the same thing, but from a
weekly perspective. And you can see here
that isn't looking as good. This is
still dark red and it's coming down.
Now, how does this work? Well, the
weekly needs seven dailies to create a
weekly. So, we need seven higher higher
um higher lows or higher highs uh for
for the daily in order to make one
weekly. So, until we get a solid week
that kind of turns things around, you're
not going to see this weekly bar change.
So, keep an eye on this. And then the
most important one, the most important
one, the one that has predicted every
big.com bubble, 08, um, 2022,
everything. You name it, it's predicted
it. Is this same thing S&amp;P, but the
monthly, the monthly, okay? If you look
at the monthly, every time this monthly
went red, it has been a sign to either
get very light or if you would have sold
all your stock, it always would have
been a right move. It never would have
been a wrong move. Now, obviously, you
got tax implication, all that. My point
is, it tells you when there's going to
be issues in the market. It tells you
when things are weak. It tells you when
to pull back. And it can also be the
signal to tell you, hey, don't start
dollar cost averaging just yet. Wait, be
patient. It could also be what tells
you, hey, don't be buying a bunch of
calls right now, or don't be selling a
bunch of puts right now. this market is
going to keep going down and something's
going on that's not healthy. So, keep an
eye on the S&amp;P 500 monthly. This is
going to be one of the biggest signals
you could possibly look at. And I look
at it frequently. You can see right now
we're okay. It's still green. Everything
looks fine. But if this keeps coming
down, you're going to want to be aware
and you want to position yourself
accordingly. I don't know what your
portfolio looks like. So, you're going
to have to understand what that means
for you. If you take the options crash
course, you'll obviously have tools that
you can use for your portfolio so you
can be set up appropriately. But
obviously, none of this is ever
financial advice. So, where do we go
from here? My opinion, these next two
days are going to be pretty flat days.
We might get a little turbulence
tomorrow because of oil. That's fair. In
fact, we can just take a look at this
now. See what's going on. And yeah, see
just like I said, oil prices rise after
Saudi Arabia shut down critical pipeline
that bypass straight of four moves. And
you can see the DSP and NASDAQ, they're
all down. Okay, as we as we said. Now,
don't be surprised if at some point
tomorrow we open up open up way lower
and then just things come back up,
right? Those are kind of, believe it or
not, like some of the best days to do
zero days. Not financial advice. I'm
just saying like these are some of the
best days to do it, but don't be
surprised if we see a rebound off of the
lows tomorrow. Anyways, to my point,
Monday might see a little choppiness
because of this oil Iran stuff. Tuesday,
flat day. It's going to be a flat day.
Wednesday, it's going to be flat until 2
p.m. when we get the Fed Fed uh results.
2 to 2:30, we're going to see lots of
noise. And up or down, doesn't matter.
At 2:30 the Fed will start speaking. The
market will reverse whatever it was
doing. He will stop speaking. The market
will reverse what it was doing then. And
then the next day the market will
reverse it again. I'm telling you this
pattern repeats every single time. It is
almost textbook. So again the past is no
predictor of the future but it is funny
to watch. And then I think uh we get
into Thursday or th we get into Friday
and I think the markets will be kind of
flat again if not potentially rallying
if things are looking okay. So this week
is really going to be dominated by the
Fed. However, I think once we're done
with this, barring any crazy news or
crazy things that Kevin War says or
things that escalate with Iran and oil,
I think that we get into next week. And
from here, I could see the market
actually starting to get a little
momentum going into midterms. Now,
everyone else is saying that there's
going to be a big sell-off, big doomsday
scenario.
Okay, maybe I could see us like giving
some back a little bit. you know, Dell
is literally at its peak. Uh, Meta is at
its peak. Tesla's trending down. Like,
you can see this happening from a moment
momentum perspective across the board
that everything is starting to slow down
a little bit. But again, I think after
this week, I think we can be set up to
start, you know, going up again. Maybe
it takes two weeks. We'll see. All
right. Um, guys, I appreciate the time.
Uh, thank you everybody who's been DMing
me and send me all of your notes, all
your kind words from the courses. Truly,
truly, it it makes me feel so so so
happy, so honored. Um, and just thank
you. I I can't stress it enough. It's
it's why u you know, I worked with my
wife to find some dates where we could
do a November, December, and to get a
zero day in. I know it's technically in
2027, but you know, only we had to find
the dates. But uh you know you guys are
the reasons I I really did think about
you know not doing any more courses but
all your messages really you know really
kept me into to keep doing this. It
makes me feel good like I'm actually
providing the change that I want to I
want to create. Uh so we we'll we'll
keep these going. Uh but let's let's go
ahead and get get these uh filled up and
I'm excited to to meet all of you guys.
Then obviously we got our September
course coming up, our October course.
They fill up fast guys. So remember,
November and December and even the zero
day course, we're going to raise the
prices as they fill up. So go ahead,
sign up now. Like I said, September and
October have have filled up. Those are
are over. Um so it's going to happen
quick. So um if you guys have any
questions, please send me DMs. Uh I'm
happy to help. I'm happy to engage with
you guys. Uh and yeah, we'll leave it
there. Have a great week. Trade small.
Stay safe. Talk to you later. Cheers.