Channel:     futureaza
Title:       SpaceX Is Moving Beyond Rockets
URL:         https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=llcu_ag7G7E
Published:   2026-09-01 12:00 UTC
Fetched:     2026-09-01 13:00 UTC

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

We're just shooting in the dark. Elon
himself is shooting in the dark. So, if
he, who's as intimate with this as
anybody, is going to be off by sometimes
orders of magnitude, how are you and I
supposed to get anywhere close? So,
that's why I just kind of keep it
simple, stupid, and I see the talent, I
see the progress, I see the the
blueprint where the world is going.
They're the best positioned company in
multiple different avenues, [music]
so I'm just going to sit back and enjoy
the ride, you know.
&gt;&gt; SpaceX has got a whole lot of business
lines, a whole lot of products and
services that are available, and more
coming available all of the time. Uh
we're going to have a chat about some of
those. What is the actual [music]
total addressable market? Does it make
sense? Are we overestimating [music]
their capacity and their interest, or
are we underestimating? We're going to
be talking payload, we're going to be
talking Starlink mobile, all that stuff,
and perhaps a little more. [music]
When I say we, I mean I got Dylan from
Electrified here. How did that happen?
Beats me, man. Uh managed to trick
[music] him into showing up, which is
pretty exciting stuff, I got to say. And
uh that means uh yeah, I'm Brian.
Welcome to Future OZO.
&gt;&gt; [singing]
&gt;&gt; So, uh Dylan, uh I don't know if you
heard of this little company called
SpaceX, but we're going to be talking
about them today. Uh I should mention
that uh for those who don't know, Dylan
is still doing a news show, where he
actually uh covers the news, yes, but
puts the pieces together. He's over on
on the YouTubes there. I don't know if
you've heard of that website, the
YouTubes, uh but it is good stuff. And
of course, he is also on X, where you
can follow him. Uh and 57,000, quite
respectable. I am subscribed. I could
unsubscribe, I'm not going to do that,
and then resubscribe, that feels like a
real hassle. Uh so, that's uh yeah,
that's what Dylan's up to these days.
And uh for that matter, you could
subscribe to either or both of us, but
if you really want to have fun, you got
to ask Rock to make the graphic for you.
That is
that is clearly us.
&gt;&gt; Mm, so good. I can't even tell the
difference. What's real and what's
what's fake, you know? Oh my goodness.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, we should we should have put an AI
label on that. I apologize to the
viewers at home. This is actually a
manufactured computer simulation image.
SpaceX,
we've been watching the launches for
years. We've seen some that are very
exciting. We've seen some that are
exciting and not because they blew up.
That's cool, too. The Starship heavy or
the
Falcon not Falcon heavy test flight is
to this day something that is a real
pick-me-up when I'm having a having a
tough one.
Uh so, it's very inspiring. But my
question to you Dylan is can we even
know what the total addressable market
is for SpaceX? We're going to start easy
and say payload delivery, payload
services.
Starship is on the verge of
certification.
Uh it will be able to lift vastly more
cargo both in terms of volume and in
terms of weight to lower earth orbit and
beyond. It can take some time for the
people wanting to do missions in space
to understand what's what's available,
what they can do. How big could that
market get?
&gt;&gt; Yeah, that's a great question, you know,
and I think we can certainly start
there, but I have been so focused on the
compute side of SpaceX because Elon just
said in this week long-term 99% of
SpaceX's value, market cap, potential,
whatever you want to call it, will be
from AI.
&gt;&gt; Mhm.
&gt;&gt; Now, [clears throat] for somebody
following SpaceX for the last 10 years,
that might not hit the ears that well
because they're so engulfed in the
launches and the vehicle development.
And now, of course, okay, all of that
SpaceX future potential or a large
majority of it hinges on Starship
succeeding. So, that is why, you know,
the most recent flight was so
encouraging and why we're getting
comments from Elon like Starship might
fly once a day a year from now.
That would be a huge. We're talking
Elon's favorite term here, orders of
magnitude more payload to orbit if they
can pull that off. But, my difficulty in
this realm with SpaceX is knowing how to
value Elon's commentary because I'm a
scarred Tesla investor with some
understanding of his operations at Tesla
over the past decade. So, is this going
to be a an FSD type prediction from 2018
or is it going to be one that he nails?
Personally, I think the the answer lies
in the middle. You know, I think they
have a pretty good handle on what they
need to do and while rocket science is
incredibly difficult, arguably one of
the most difficult things any human can
work on, they're succeeding. You know,
they're making incredible progress and
so, I I'm not sure once a day a year
from now is
the outcome we're going to get. Um but,
I can tell you it's probably going to be
more frequent than we're seeing now. Um
and so, so the payload, to answer your
question with specifics, I think it is
hard to say, you know, what the
competition will do. But, my question to
to simplify things for people is always
just zoom out and think about the
company 3 to 5 years from now. Are their
products, services, is the team going to
be better, bigger, or worse and smaller
than it is today?
The answer is the most obvious you can
have, in my opinion. Black swan events
happen. So, yeah, like I said, I don't
know if you want me to start rambling
about some of these other start or
SpaceX lines, but
&gt;&gt; Well, what I'll say on launches, it's
well, you're building too much of it,
it's overbuilt. And that's uh part of
the thing.
Launch is the least interesting part of
what they do from a financial
perspective, but it is the critical
foundation.
Falcon 9 is so cheap because it gets so
much use. Because they've made a bunch
of the rockets and they're constantly
flying them. And why there isn't enough
demand? Well, we created the demand.
It's our demand internally. We're going
to use it for our uses. We're going to
get not five or six, but 30, 40 uses so
far out of them.
If they didn't have their own satellites
to launch, the Falcon 9 program doesn't
make as much sense. You wouldn't have
the scale. You wouldn't have the
frequency to make it work. And that's
what I expect to see with Starship.
They'll build Starship. They'll offer it
to customers and customers will say,
"Awesome. Let me get back to you in 10
years when I've built out my satellite,
my payload, my my hotel, my space
station. And in the meantime, SpaceX is
great. We're going to be launching for
now the version 3 Starlink satellites,
which will allow us to massively expand
that line of business. And then
eventually, potentially, AI compute if
the numbers make sense. If they don't,
they won't. And uh
And I tell you what I tell the people
who despise Elon.
If you really think this is a fool's
errand, you should encourage him to do
it.
Because that'll show him. Uh but deep
down they know
that people much smarter than them are
working on the problem and that that's
better for humanity.
&gt;&gt; And that's that's the beauty of SpaceX,
right? Is they're not so reliant on
third parties. They're going to have
their hands full with AI 1, the orbital
data centers, and V3 for years to come.
You know, the numbers they're talking,
how many satellites they want to launch
is it doesn't even make sense to our
meat brains up here, you know? It's just
some stuff we've never seen before. And
so, yeah, that's why I just hesitate to
try to put specific numbers on it
because it is everyone's just guessing.
We're just shooting in the dark. Elon
himself is shooting in the dark. So, if
he, who is as intimate with this as
anybody, is going to be off by sometimes
orders of magnitude, how are you and I
supposed to get anywhere close? So,
that's why I just kind of keep it simple
stupid, and I see the talent, I see the
progress, I see the the blueprint where
the world is going. They're the best
positioned company in multiple different
avenues.
So, I'm just going to sit back and enjoy
the ride, you know.
&gt;&gt; And that's the beauty is we see the the
survey year after year, STEM graduates,
dream job, where you want to go, and
consistently the answer is Tesla and/or
SpaceX at number one and two. And it's
because, as as I try to explain it, it
is a company where you are
encouraged to rise to your highest
potential.
You're not If you're an automotive
engineer and you graduate and you go to
Audi or Volkswagen, you're going to be
tasked with this thing, and guess what?
That's what you do. You know, I have an
idea for the cooling system, stay in
your lane, budge. We've got people who
do that.
That's where some of the best ideas come
from. Somebody who's doesn't even
realize they're thinking outside the box
because they're unfamiliar with the
boundaries of the box.
&gt;&gt; Yep. They're outside of themselves, yep.
&gt;&gt; They're Yeah, they I didn't know there
was a box. I thought we were just
talking about building cars. Right. So,
let's bring it back down to Earth for a
second. Terrestrial compute, SpaceX has,
let me check my notes, a little bit of
it. They are leasing it out for an
amount of money that one could argue is
eye-watering. Two companies that should
just buy it and build it themselves, but
time is of the essence, and if it's
going to take them 6 months or a year to
get their equipment and get it running,
and then they have to deal with sourcing
power and all the other issues that come
along with it, we need that compute
today.
Uh compute lease is a huge [snorts]
business right now. Do we think that's
durable into the future?
&gt;&gt; That you you the nail on the head,
Brian, because that is my biggest
question. It feels like it's not because
when there are margins like that and
when there are capital payback periods
of 1 year, you would think people are
going to be lining up out the door to
operate at that type of business.
However, the limited
amount of supply of these frontier chips
from Nvidia are exactly that. They're
limited, okay? So, that is why companies
like Anthropic and Google and others are
willing to pay such astronomical rates
right now because the supply and demand
is off.
But, Elon just made it very clear that
for the next few years through 2030, he
doesn't see that imbalance changing.
And so, now they have a deeper
partnership with Nvidia. Elon and Jensen
are buddies. That's only going to mean
good things when it comes to SpaceX
getting the allocation they need. So,
again, I just think it's impossible to
say. You know, I could sit here and try
to sound studious and be like, "The XYZ
is going to happen because I listened to
semi-analysis and I read these things."
But, at the end of the day, we just we
all don't know what we don't know. And
so much changes with these models and
how we're using them and open source is
a whole 'nother conversation for when
will that adoption change the narrative
of who's paying what for what? And so,
there's more moving parts and more
uncertainty than I think most people are
willing
to attribute to this world. So, I'm
comfortable saying I don't know how
durable it is. Um,
so, it's a an investor's job to try to
parse through what Elon is saying, what
the numbers are now, what the
next few years could look like. Um, but
we also have to understand, you know,
like I said, these companies are also
working on their own frontier compute.
They don't want to pay SpaceX. It's just
they they had no choice. They need to
move now. They need to train now. SpaceX
had it. But, how long is SpaceX going to
have extra compute? And for all the
people saying, "Well, why isn't Tesla
just doing this?" Well, number one,
Tesla is not going to eat into SpaceX's
what they're doing. They're They're not
going to stand up a competitor. Two,
again, it's hard to get your hands on
this compute. Three, Tesla doesn't have
extra compute to sell. It's using all of
Cortex for training its own FSD and
Optimus. And that's where Tesla's
durable advantages are. So, they need to
be training their real-world AI, as we
like to say, so they don't have a an
easy path to this leasing business like
SpaceX, I think, almost walked into this
accidentally.
Because they built too fast, they didn't
need as much as they thought they would
need for Grok, and then they said, "Oh,
well, we got to do something, so let's
sell it." And here we have this magical
business, and we just happen to be
excellent at AI or excellent at
hardware, sorry, with some of the best
engineers.
And that's another thing. People think
you just buy these chips from Nvidia and
plug them in and then you're you're all
set. It's just not the case at all. It
Getting all of these to talk to each
other, to be coherent, as you said, with
the power and the interconnections, to
have that all in place is not easy.
Okay? And so, not every company can do
it. I think Tesla could, but again, they
have their their hands full. Let's Let's
do robotaxi and Optimus first, you know,
they don't need to hire another thousand
people and and do that because, again, I
think this will be one company at some
point in the next two to three years.
&gt;&gt; I do appreciate the number of people who
say, "Why don't they just and then
propose the hardest problem that's ever
existed?"
&gt;&gt; It is comical.
&gt;&gt; If you're outside an industry, things on
the inside can look very easy. You know,
in movies, why don't they just do better
special effects? That's what they're
trying. They did their best. It's just
not how it works. And on those On the
compute side, the way I'm choosing to
look at it, and you can tell me if I'm
crazy, is
with such a short payback period, if the
value of leased compute collapses in
you know, 11 months, that means they
only got almost entirely They only got
80 8.3% of their money back. That's a
That's a pretty good deal. 88.67%
of their money back. That's a pretty
good return on investment in a what I
would consider worst-case scenario. And
then they've just got the compute that
they got for basically free.
&gt;&gt; Yep. And even if the big boys do come
down in the rates, I think there are so
many companies that do want to train
toward the frontier. I don't think
they're going to become like a full-on
AWS where they have to manage hundreds
of different companies because it is
That's a big distinction. Like it's one
thing to lease out to a handful of
companies. That keeps things simple. You
don't need the sales teams and just the
infrastructure is different. So, making
that leap to like doing it with hundreds
of companies, that's a whole different
story and I just don't think SpaceX
would want to do that. But look, nobody
knows this industry better than Elon and
those engineers. They're in the trenches
every day. And so, they can see the
future much better than we can. And from
their standpoint, they are saying that
this is not going to change. People are
going to continue to pay for this
compute. And
you know, I just think that that hasn't
even touched on the orbital side of
things. But without that,
you know, we're talking hundreds of
billions of dollars. Elon just said it.
I mean again, what type of prediction
will this be? I don't know.
But he put a number on it. $500 billion
in revenue by the end of next year.
Okay, that's an order of magnitude more
compute online by the end of 2027. At
$30
a watt, that's $300 to $500 billion
in revenue for just terrestrial compute
lease agreements.
&gt;&gt; And worth noting,
AI demand is not going down.
I'm going to say uh well, my first
thought would be anytime soon, but
anytime in the foreseeable future.
There were people who are just today
discovering what it actually is useful
for. And the answer is a whole lot of
things. Not everything, but a lot of
things.
So, the demand will continue increasing.
&gt;&gt; My thing, Brian, I I have just started
this somewhat recently. I like saying to
people I ask them, "Have you
How many MD files do you have?" Okay?
Most people will say no.
And then my response is, "Well, you
haven't even started to use AI yet."
You know? And so, so that's like a basic
thing. And for those that don't know, an
MD file is just a markdown file. It is
the file format that these LLMs, AI
models, whatever you want to call them,
it's the data they read and understand
best. So, rather than feed it a PDF,
they would prefer a markdown file. But
for normal people that aren't like
building a business, I even just go to
the health thing. Like if you don't have
a a master document with all of your
health data, your blood work, your
health history, procedures, surgeries,
like that you can ask questions. So,
anytime you have a pain or an ache or an
illness or you need to decide on taking
a medication, like because I'm I'm
passionate about this because I had a
parasite years ago. It like messed up my
life for years and years, and I'm still
recovering. But if I didn't have these
tools to help me figure it out, I would
probably still be lost. Um it has helped
me to find things that no doctor ever
would have helped me find, but it's
because I took the time to give it all
that context. So, whether it's health or
for your life or just whatever it is,
you need to give these models context.
And so, sorry, little side tangent, but
um again, like people think they're
using AI because they talked to ChatGPT.
&gt;&gt; Mhm.
&gt;&gt; You're not. You're not in agentic thing
is a whole 'nother thing. So, yeah, to
your point, there's such a long way to
go. Early early days, baby. Yep.
&gt;&gt; It's very early. Uh and the the reason
we're about terrestrial at this point is
because it doesn't rely on a lot of
assumptions. We can look at what's
actually happening today. And so,
looking again at things that are already
happening, Starlink is already very
real. We know it's effective, we know it
works, we know it can handle a whole lot
of capacity. But, we're about to move
into the version three era where the
satellites are bigger still. And we now
see that SpaceX has access to the
HughesNet /EchoStar spectrum, which is
10 times broader than the spectrum
they'd previously been using.
What does this mean for uh potential
subscribers around the world?
&gt;&gt; Yeah. There's two two pieces to it,
right? You have the broadband internet,
the Wi-Fi as people like to call it. And
once again, Elon just called that On X a
trillion-dollar business alone. Do with
that what you will, but he he put it out
there, okay? And so, yeah, the V3 is
going to change the game from the
capability standpoint. And the service,
it really just doesn't have a whole lot
of competition. SpaceX is knocking off
other competitors in that market one by
one cuz they they just can't compete.
And that's why I said, like this is
going to be the same thing with with
Tesla's FSD and on supervised at some
point in the future. They can't compete
on cost because SpaceX has the money and
talent to vertically integrate. Um and
then the Starlink mobile is the one
where I think yeah, it's tough to
exactly say what type of adoption they
will earn because I huge Elon Tesla
SpaceX fan, but until they have a
reliable service where I can drop
something like Verizon, I just I can't
make the switch, you know? I will I will
probably own it and use it for a content
and because I'm not early adopter. Um
but for a normal person to leave a
Verizon, T-Mobile, you know, AT&amp;T, how
fast can they build out this terrestrial
network with these femtocells? Like I
just don't I don't know. I don't know
what their plans are because we haven't
seen it. Sounds like they're planning to
do it, which is huge news in and of
itself. Um
but yeah, when Elon talks about, you
know, a majority of internet traffic
running through Starlink,
he's talking about into the 2030s. You
know, it's going to take time to get
these V3 sats up and to get them
operational. And once again, it goes
back to Starship. How fast can they send
up flights? That's going to be a huge
determining factor. Um so, yeah, it's
like endless endless things to be
excited about on multiple different
business lines where Arc Invest and
people like that are talking about
enterprise values around 2030 of dozens
of trillions of dollars for those
markets. So, they're playing in the
biggest
um sandboxes and they have the best
shovels.
You know, it's like just kind of trust
trust that they're going to figure it
out and and do what needs to be done.
&gt;&gt; On the mobile side, what I imagine is
that in the very beginning it'll all be
business to business where they will
partner with carriers around the world
to let the carriers deal with the
madness that is the customer and we'll
just provide the backbone, the critical
infrastructure that keeps it working.
And the beauty there is these cell
companies are very good at traffic
management. Where if for some reason the
Starlink is not performing, they would
just route it another way.
Um that's a skill they've had for 25
years at least now. Uh so, there's a lot
of opportunities there and if you think,
well, a trillion dollars on Starlink,
but if they're 100 bucks, that's a
that's 10 trilli- or 10 billion devices.
That's too many. There's not that many
people. Well, right, but do you know how
many you need at a hotel
where no one lives there, they're just
staying there. The coffee shop will need
one. The cruise ship needs 20 or 30. Not
the not the eight they currently have,
I'll tell you that much uh from having
uh uh shot with Dr. Know-It-All recently
where he was on a cruise ship, it was
painful.
Uh but the
reality is there the number of
connections, the amount of revenue, is
not directly correlated with how many
people live on the planet. And there are
a whole lot of places that don't have
land connections.
&gt;&gt; Yep. And Elon just said the enterprise
portion of the business. So, yeah, the
maritime and commercial aviation, those
markets should exceed the consumer
broadband at some point.
&gt;&gt; I had seen that the aviation Starlink
package is like $50,000
a month. Uh someone said, "That's that's
too much. That's the wrong price." I
said, "No, it isn't. Do you know how
many days are in a month? Break it down.
Do you know how many passengers are on
each flight and then how many flights a
day? You're talking a couple bucks a
person a flight and you can sell it for
10 or 20." Or just give it to them
because 50,000 a plane per month, that's
really not that crazy if your objective
is loyalty and retention. These planes
already have internet. It just happens
to suck. Uh I've never used Echostar, uh
maybe once, uh but I mostly use I think
OneWeb on Delta and it's okay.
Uh but if it's a wide-body, you have to
pay for it or there would be too many
connections and it wouldn't work. It's
just very frustrating versus my flight
that's coming up now. By the time this
airs, I've probably already arrived in
Nepal. I'm flying on Qatar Airways. It's
Starlink all the way and it is an extra
20 bucks uh per 15-hour leg, which is
fine. That's a heck of a deal. I will
absolutely pay that uh because what you
get with Starlink is the internet.
It's just the internet.
Uh so, there's a lot of commercial
opportunities for Starlink.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, and I I probably should said this
earlier. I do think it's important to
point out how I'm parsing through Elon's
commentary. I think when he makes
predictions like that, directionally
he's very it just we should take it as
directionally he's confident. But the
specific number, I am applying a
discount.
Anywhere [laughter] from 30 to 70%. So
if he says a trillion dollars, let's
call it 500 billion.
You know, and then same thing with
timelines. I'm adding a multiplier. So
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; This is not financial advice. This is
just how I am learning to understand
Elon and how he thinks and operates and
how he motivates and because again, it's
it's just a guess and so he's entitled
to his and I'm entitled to mine. So
yeah, when I say these things like Elon
said this, Elon said this, I don't think
it's wise to take that as gospel just
because he just doesn't know. You know,
he he doesn't know what he doesn't know
and he's guessing and we're all
guessing. So I think that's important to
say.
&gt;&gt; Exactly. Especially when it comes to a
new frontier. You can have you know
you're going in the right direction. You
may not know when you will arrive. I'd
always said of FSD that it was over the
horizon. And then I was able to say, I
can see land. I just don't know where
the port is. We're not there yet. Uh and
every now and then in the comments and
I'm sure you get this as well, people
say, you told me that last year there
would be this many cities. I didn't tell
you that. I didn't tell you that. I
don't do that. That's I would love to
see you find that video for me because
I'm here to tell you don't exist.
&gt;&gt; And yeah, and that's the thing like I I
have made a handful of guesses in my
day, but each time I I I've said, this
is where I was wrong I because of this
XYZ. So I have no problem with the
guessing as long as you address it and
offer corrections and and all of that.
But yeah, sometimes it's just easier not
to guess in the first place.
&gt;&gt; It's easier not to guess. So my take on
SpaceX and I am not a shareholder in
SpaceX, is that they are headed in the
right direction. I don't know what that
means for the valuation. Does that mean
that they are still desperately
overvalued? Does it mean they're
desperately or even somewhat
undervalued? I don't know. I know
they're going to be a very big company
in the future, but I don't give as much
weight to the stock market, to the
market cap, to the share price as I do
to the execution. And if you had told me
before the SpaceX earnings report what
it was going to look like, I'd have
said, "I think you're crazy."
Because the numbers came out so much
better than I expected. Um and I think
that's probably quite a comfort to a
number of people who
invested in them both financially and
just in their confidence early on.
And it's exciting to see. What I'd like
to know is, in the comments, what do we
miss? What do we misunderstand? What do
you think the future value of these
things is, and when's it going to
happen? Yeah, that's a research paper I
asked all of you to do. Uh but you can
just do whichever parts you like. Uh do
me a favor, head over to Dylan's
channel, check it out, subscribe if you
haven't. Uh he does great work. I think
probably all the viewers know that
already, but if for some reason you
don't, guys, it's time to piece it
together. And of course, you can
subscribe to both of us. It's free. It's
a two-for-one free deal. Everyone else,
stay tuned, stay juicy, and I cannot
wait to hear from you clever robots when
I'm back from Nepal.
&gt;&gt; Thanks, Brian. Cheers, everybody.