Channel:     jobhakdi
Title:       Why Tesla Stock Is Setting Up to RUN
URL:         https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=26nFGe271Mo
Published:   2026-05-05 15:59 UTC
Fetched:     2026-05-05 16:00 UTC

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

It is time for a quick and sharp update
on the markets and on Tesla, our
favorite AI stock, as well as on some
other things to understand where we
stand and where we go from here. I will
update you also on the Pioneer Alpha
current situation of the portfolio,
where we are at and how we go about this
week. So first of all we see when we
look at the international uh headlines
and the macro situation of the markets
let's start there that you see that we
are continuously
uh like basically hanging in the balance
between the Iran and US uh war and what
is happening here as I said a long time
ago multiple multiple weeks ago this was
over. Why is the war over? because you
always have to reason from the interests
of all parties involved. Iran cannot
afford the blockade and going on with
this war. It would be a disaster for
Iran. The United States can absolutely
also not afford to escalate this war. It
would be a total disaster for the United
States. There is a stalemate but in the
sense that both sides now have to find a
resolution and no one can get out of it
without catastrophic effects. So that
makes me very confident that we are
actually not at risk for escalation even
though the headlines might imply this
from time to time. But that is why I was
not nervous at all once I realized this
is over. And what you see is when you
look at the markets, the markets agree
the markets were actually smarter than I
was and most other people I heard was
were because the markets went up a lot
for the whole month of April already.
You see today futures are up 76%. They
don't even care about these headlines.
There was some rumors or news that the
US has attacked some ships from Iran.
But don't chase the news. Think about
what is actually happening and what is
the interest and incentive situation for
the Iranian regime and Trump. Both are
stuck and need to get out of this as
quickly as possible. An escalation would
be catastrophic for both sides.
Therefore, we can rest assured in my
opinion, high certainty, high confidence
that this is over and we can keep
ignoring it, which means we remain
sitting on a coiled spring for the
markets because of the AI revolution
that hits hard semiconductors. Of
course, it hits hard, positively hard,
the Max 7, and they look very, very
good. Tesla, of course, is a special
situation. Tesla is the one Mac 7 that
is not getting a giant boost on earnings
because it is structurally different
from the other Mac 7 stocks. Nvidia gets
boosted through the roof through its
earnings. Google boosted through the
roof. Then you have some hiccups with
Meta and Microsoft that are just buying
opportunities because the underlying
facts of these stocks are also
tremendously attractive. And the one
laggered if you want so is Tesla that of
course is in a totally different
category and is not in the moment
scaling its profits and ebita like the
others but it has one or two giant aces
up its sleeve. It is the only one of
these big ones that has major major
major new revenue and margin streams
coming up that will eclipse everything
else once they work. You know the story.
Robo taxi and Optimus. If you look at
Robo Taxi Tesla, you see tremendous
progress. Here's the robo taxi tracker.
I don't know who follows that in real
time. I do. We now have 36 unsupervised
robo taxis. A lot of doubters and bears
say that's ridiculous. Joe, what are you
talking about? Whimo has 100 time little
less than 100 times already. Like 90
times that they have 3,000 Whimos out.
We were promised hundreds of millions of
robo taxis and you are 36. This is
ridiculous. But of course, we need to
understand this is a technology that
once it works can roll out millions and
tens of millions of autonomous vehicles
that take over everything plus millions
or thousands or hundreds of thousands of
trucks of semi-truckss. I just had a
video out on that. That take over
trucking, which is an even bigger
opportunity than ride sharing, of
course. And that is why it's worth
watching this. We are watching and
seeing and observing autonomous robo
taxis driving around now completely
autonomous. Not like Whimos with some
hacks and some lightars and some people
manually adjusting everything all the
time. These are real robotaxis with real
autonomy and real visual site that
actually understands the world. And so
we see now Houston and Dallas growing
rapidly on a low basis but rapidly and
we see the unsupervised fleet in Austin,
Texas. So these are all Texas places uh
growing like crazy and if you continue
on that growth path of course we will
exceed Whimo we will exceed these 3,000
Whimo rubbo taxis massively by end of
the year. I mean at that rate we would
be at whatever 100,000 but of course we
cannot extrapolate from here like that.
You know my estimation. I think we come
out above 10,000 robo taxis end of the
year which in my opinion drives the
stock above a thousand because of
momentum. I can't predict that cleanly
the 1,000 but there's a very high chance
if we actually get to multiple thousands
of robo taxes at a high monthly growth
rate that the stock will actually repric
and end up above a thousand. Maybe not
end up but shoot over a thousand and
then fall back. We will talk about this
when we get there. So what happened to
Tesla stock? Let's get get right to that
in that bigger macro situation. If you
follow the channel, you know I said it's
going back to 400 in no time. Some
people said I was crazy, but I was right
and cashed in on it. I will get to this
in a second. How we actually execute and
engineer the right investment and
trading strategies. Investment for the
long term, trading on the tactical short
term. So, we are back to 392. It's now
pre-market. You probably see that video
when we are already trading today on
this beautiful Tuesday, May 5th.
Cinco de Mayo, if you're like the
Mexican celebrations of whatever that
is. I don't even know what it is. Dead
people, something like that. And we are
now at 395. Beautiful. Perfectly on
plan. And we went up from down here. We
hit actually after earnings this
ridiculous low of 369 in the 360s. I
said this goes back in no time. My
perspective now is when you look at and
zoom out 6 months we hit all-time highs.
I will repeat myself again at 490
December 16th here. 490 December 16th
that level reflects the willingness of
the market to give to cut Tesla some
slack give it some bonus on top of
whatever it's worth right now based on
cash flows because people believe in
robo taxes and Optimus. So, I take that
seriously as an all-time high marker.
The markets are already above their
all-time highs the NASDAQ in my mind.
Here's how I think about technicals like
that. I'm not a chart astrolog. So, I'm
not going to do all these lines. I don't
really believe in them. I'm not mocking
these people too much, but it's not how
I do things. I use these all-time highs,
for example, as a marker to understand
that's where the market thinks in good
times without Tesla delivering the goods
yet where Tesla should be. Okay, now we
are a company that is much stronger than
December 16th that has proven
dramatically more. FSD is out,
unsupervised is out. Okay, robo taxis
are out in the open and cyber cap has
started mass production and the Tesla
semi truck is also out. So Tesla in
every respect is a stronger company.
Should we be at 490 right now? Right
now. Sorry. Yes, absolutely we should be
at 490. And I think that is my target
right now. If Tesla does not deliver
some crazy scale for robo taxi, 490 is
where we should go next in no time. In
no time. That is how I see it. If we
would get to 490 as the company stands
now with, let's say, under 100
unsupervised, I would get very cautious.
I think there will be a pullback. But
down here, we need to go back up there
on a pure logics perspective where
alltime highs were, where the company
was, where where it's now, and where the
market is. So that gives me good
confidence that we can have a little bit
of a bull run and continue this bull
run. Let's get to execution. Okay, we
are finishing off a beautiful week.
Okay, here are the results for the
Pioneer Reserve and Pioneer Alpha. So in
my portfolio, we are up 9.41%. Let that
sink in. 91 9.41%. That is as of last
Friday, May 1st.
Why so much? How did I nail a 9.4% 4%
upside move of the entire portfolio.
Tesla was up 3.86%.
Went up to 490 uh to 390 from the 360s.
Here you can see the power of
predictions and confidence that is
actually adjusted to the actual
underlying probability. It was very
clear to me in the 360s this is
ridiculous. We had great earnings. It
dropped because Elon didn't have enough
energy in the call or whatever it
completely bogus. But the facts are on
our side. The market is on our side and
the midterm trend to 490 is absolutely
on our side and the fundamentals are on
our side. So that was an example how you
can have high levels of certainty. If
you have high levels of certainty, if
you have high levels of certainty, it's
important to nail down what exactly is
your certainty. My certainty was we
going to back to 400 on a very tactical
shortterm basis. Okay? and that I said
it's going to happen last week and this
week we're going back to 400. I have
extreme levels of certainty about that.
Are we going to 410 or 420? I don't
know. I have less certainty on that. Are
we going midterm to 490? I have
reasonable certainty. Quite sure we do.
But my certainty that we went to we will
go to 400 was vastly higher. Okay. Why
am I elaborating on this? Because that
performance is pretty impressive. I'm
very proud of that and it's already
looking very good. yesterday and today.
So, we'll get to this end of this week.
How we continue the performance. But if
that's the case, why did I squeeze out
so much or how? Well, let's go here. We
go to the 5day trend. I knew what's
going on here. And what I do in these
situations, I don't buy calls. I keep
always my core position, which is
significant. Core position is probably
around right now. Well, we went up so
much, right? 50% of the portfolio is
roughly Tesla. A little less actually.
The rest is Micro Strategy, Robin Hood
and Nvidia more or less evenly
distributed because I shifted from
Nvidia into Robin Hood after Robin Hood
crashed like crazy. I was very tiny
Robin Hood because I love the stock but
I didn't feel it. Then it dropped so
much also on stupid news and I said
that's the time Nvidia went up a lot. So
I shifted Nvidia into Robin Hood and now
I'm nearly even. I think Micro Strategy
is now the biggest because it went up so
much but I'm not getting out of Micro
Strategy. Each of these positions is
probably, let me think, it's probably
less than half of Tesla each of them.
So, it's probably around 10 or No, it's
a little bit over 10%, 15% maybe per
position. But don't forget, you're not
limited to 100%. I'm It's hard to
calculate what the exposure is based on
options deltas, but I'm clearly vastly
over 100% invested right now through the
tactical strategy. So there you have my
core positions or my stock positions
Tesla 40 to 50% the rest 15% Micro
Strategy Hood and Nvidia that's how that
looks like and my main power my main
return power on the weekly level comes
from options so the option structure is
fully focused on Tesla I don't do
anything else right now because it's not
obvious to me in order to do option
strategies I need extreme levels of
certainty because options are dangerous
I need extreme levels of certainty and
certainty means What is the direction
I'm certain of? How certain am I? And
what is the exact timing? So you need to
think this through. I have extreme
levels of certainty 90% plus that we go
up. I have also sufficient certainty
that we go towards 400. Then I think the
tail risk of a drop low because the
global situation
is not that risky. I think Iran is well
under control. It's well understood.
Very little surprises. the entire oil
disaster. Also, no surprises. Ukraine,
no surprises. I think I understand Putin
pretty well that he's not going to nuke
anyone out of nowhere, right? So, I
don't see too many black swan event
things. Of course, we need to watch out
and that can change any minute something
new coming up. But we also know the
world is a little exhausted from macro
risks, which is good. It's going to
react slower to any kind of macro risk
once it's exhausted and constant
attention on Iran. So, that buffers risk
a little bit psychologically. So, I
don't see too many surprises. And what
does it all mean? I'm not doing calls
because the run up here to 400 would be
minute, right? That's not a good call
situation. I don't like being long
options because your the time the clock
works against you. Every time you're
long options, any kind of delay of your
thesis and even sideways, even the right
directional move that is too weak costs
you money. Right? Right? If you have an
out of uh out of the money strike price,
it the stock doesn't move really or it
even moves up and you have a call, you
still lose money if it's not fast enough
because of the time the case. So I hate
that whole situation and the fact that I
hate it makes me do the opposite and the
opposite. I love the opposite is you
sell puts for example because then the
premium works for you. For example, if I
have extreme confidence, we go to 400.
Extreme doesn't mean 100% of course.
Then what I'm doing is I'm selling at
the money puts and a lot of them cuz if
you sell 392.5
it's nearly exactly at the money or 395
if you want to be a little more
aggressive you get on a one week basis
you get 10 bucks right if you sell a 392
strike price at the money put weekly
expiring in one week in seven days and
five trading days you probably get 10
bucks so you get a,000 bucks per
contract if you sell a 100 contracts you
get 000 bucks. So, let that sink in. Of
course, you need a bunch of margin for
that. But if you sell a h 100,000, you
you get $100,000 worth of premium here.
If you sell a 100 of these contracts and
if Tesla goes to nowhere, if I'm
actually wrong and it doesn't go to 400
and ends up exactly where we are now, it
goes completely sideways, you made a
100,000 bucks in one week. Hey, on this
channel, we do something very important.
We deeply analyze, understand, and
predict capital, AGI, and politics. Not
just to beat the markets and make a lot
of money, even though that's important,
but also to build a new society and make
the future good for all of us, the
pioneers. If you want to help me on this
journey, you can do that by doing a very
simple thing. Like and subscribe. It
helps me a lot. Thank you so much for
your support. And let's get back to the
video. Okay. If it goes down, if it
moves against you, if I'm actually wrong
and it goes to 387.5,
I get paid 50,000 bucks for being wrong.
And if it goes to 400, of course, I get
a 100,000 paid. So, I like that much
more much more than going to let's say a
405 or 410
short put where you have more upside,
right? If it goes to 410 and you have
the 410 short put, of course, then
you're rich because then you're not
getting a 100,000 bucks, you're getting
250,000 bucks. But is that good? Is that
smart? Well, you're taking massively
more risk because if you then are wrong
and it goes to 385, you lose money. You
lose a lot of money. Uh, and I don't
like that. If I go to 385 from here, I
still make money. So, going at the money
or out of the money buys you much more
buffer to the downside. And one thing is
key always bias yourself to the risk and
downside. You have to protect your
money. You have to be greedy if you want
to generate alpha consistently but also
protect your money. I rather you know
make only 100,000 but buy me these
scenarios sideways. I make the full
amount down I am likely to make money.
And if it goes to 410 or 420 420 I need
to what what's called stack what I call
stacking. No one calls it stacking other
than me. I call it stacking, saying,
"Okay, I don't want to miss out on this.
If it goes to 400 quickly and then four
or five and I'm down here and not making
enough money with it, I start selling
more puts, not necessarily closing the
old ones, depending on my risk
assessment." That's how you can make
nice premiums. And that's my strategy
right now. And I keep that strategy up
for now. Let's see what happens. Uh the
risk is if it goes to 420 very quickly,
at some point you have pullback risk.
And pullback risk is not good for short
puts. So if you run up to 420, you
should double thank. You don't want to
necessarily unless it's driven by real
robo taxi scaling and you know it's
going to go much higher. But if goes
quickly to 420 for no good reason, not
smart to sell at the money puts at 420
right then cuz then it drops back to
410. You lose money. Needs to be
adjusted. But right now Goldilocks
moment because I think we have way way
upside from here. So the risk of a major
drop is just very low in my opinion.
Again, you need to watch that minute by
minute because if something happens in
the world, it changes. And so that is
the strategy that leads to very nice
alpha here. Year to date, we are up 12%
versus S&amp;P 6% versus Tesla 13%. That's
how things work right now. So, I'm very
happy about that. Go to
pioneeralpha.org, by the way, to check
out the bonds and everything. Can read
more about how we actually manage this
whole thing. And that is the situation
here. Here you can see the current
reserve. We actually are at 98% of our
2026 target already. 98% of the 26
target. Uh this is a longerterm target
from 2024 to 2026.
Uh to actually reach a 30% ker that is
our lower end objective long-term and we
are at nearly 30% already for end of
2026 with the current amount of gains.
We are tracking the Pioneer Reserve very
closely. Everything I'm doing here is
not just randomly to make a little bit
of money, but we are building the
infrastructure and the financial
foundation of Pioneer Lands to convert
the upside of the age of AGI into
consistent 30% plus returns is the
mission and objective, not a promise to
investors. Of course, it is a mission
and the objective that we are dedicated
towards that we have nicely achieved
over the last nearly 2 and a half years
and that we intend to exceed in the
future without promising anything of
course. So follow us here, check out
pioneeralpha.org
and we will have some more fundamental
oriented videos on space on robo taxis
on Optimus coming out this week. I hope
that was interesting for you and see you
very soon.