Channel:     farzad-fm
Title:       I Fact Checked Every Data Center Lie
URL:         https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZQ-rS45A4Gk
Published:   2026-09-08 13:29 UTC
Fetched:     2026-09-08 14:00 UTC

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

I spent the last few weeks going through
every single lie ever told about data
centers, the fors, the against, and I
found something extremely interesting.
We have to start with the fact that 75%
of voters in one US poll oppose data
centers near their home. Yet Gavin
Baker, a longtime and extremely
successful investor, recently argued on
the All-In podcast that the public is
hearing a distorted story about them.
And he's completely right. But the
distortion runs in both directions. For
example, some towns really are being
asked to absorb new power costs, water
demand, noise, and diesel pollution for
buildings that create surprisingly few
full-time jobs. All the while with
certain AI CEOs saying that these same
buildings are going to take everyone's
jobs and therefore their livelihoods.
But at the same time, one of the most
famous water claims in this debate about
how data centers use an enormous amount
of water was wrong by a factor of 1,000.
And meanwhile, the idea that these
buildings are useless warehouses for
chat bots because AI is a giant bubble
according to some completely misses what
is about to run inside of those
buildings. And on top of that, the
platform X that used to be Twitter just
conducted an investigation into
suspected Chinese inauthentic accounts
with over 200,000 of them that were
sharing misinformation around AI data
centers driving up household electricity
and straining the grid. And here's the
thing. I wrote an entire book about the
upside and downside of artificial
intelligence. And I have spent years
studying where AI is going. I've worked
in extremely cutting edge companies that
are deploying this technology. And I've
built a media company, this one,
centered around covering the disruption
that data centers and by extension AI
will bring to society. I have no
interest in repeating propaganda from AI
companies or from freaking politicians
who have discovered that fear is a very
easy way to get attention. I want to
take the claims about data centers, test
them against the evidence, tell you
exactly what's going on, and propose an
idea that will solve literally
everyone's problems related to this
freaking S show. But before we get into
all of it, I want to introduce the
sponsor of this video, Bolt. New. I have
a notes app and an Excel sheet full of
ideas for my business, as I'm sure you
do as well. Honestly, far too many. And
it's anywhere from tracking the
performance of my YouTube channel, ads
for my books, video ideas, and
everything in between. And most of them
never get built because figuring out
where to begin becomes a whole project
by itself. But with Bolt new, you
describe what you want in plain English
and it turns that idea into a working
app you can keep shaping right in your
browser. And the best thing is that you
don't need a technical background to
work it. For example, I built a
dashboard that helps me come up with new
ideas for my channel for extremely high
trending topics that fully align with
what I like to cover. And within
minutes, Bolt got new was able to create
it for me. That kind of project would
usually stay in my head for days or
weeks or months until I inevitably
freaking forget it. But with Boltnew,
you can actually make the thing into
reality right there and then. Go to
bolt.new and try it for yourself. And if
you're ready to build whatever you've
been putting off, head to subscriptions
and use code Farszod f a rzad for a free
30-day pro account. That's bolt.new code
farzzod for a full month of pro. And
thank you so much to bolt.new new for
sponsoring this video. Okay, so let's
start with the bad stuff related to data
centers so we can all get on the same
page. These are unequivocal truths
regardless of how pro AAI someone is.
Start with power. The easiest way to
understand a data center is as a factory
for computation. Instead of steel or
cars coming off the line, the output is
intelligence in digital form. Tens and
hundreds of thousands of chips do
calculations. Network and equipment
moves information and cooling systems
carry away an enormous amount of heat
generated from those chips. One data
center can use as much power as a small
city and a giant campus can use much
more. Lawrence Berkeley National
Laboratory estimates that data centers
could consume about 12% of all US power
by 2030. 12%. That is a lot of power
that's arriving very quickly. Power
companies may need new plans or lines or
substations and local grid equipment.
Somebody always pays for all of that.
But does the data center pay for that or
does the cost get quietly spread across
everyone else's power bill, hiking up
electricity prices for residents that
approve the data centers? Now, the
reality is is that both sides make the
story much simpler than it actually is.
One recent MIT study looked at the data
center growth between 2010 and 2024 and
it estimated that this growth raised
average retail power prices by about
2.7% including about 2.1% for homes. The
effect was larger at investorowned power
companies and much smaller at public
power companies and co-ops. But another
recent study found that data center
demand could lower rates because a power
company was selling far more power
across the same fixed network. More
customers can mean that the cost of the
grid is divided across more units of
power. Those findings sound
contradictory, but they reveal the
mechanism of this whole entire thing. A
region with spare power can spread fixed
costs, essentially the cost of all the
equipment to generate and deliver the
electricity and push rates down when the
data center runs around the clock and
pays its full share. The opposite
happens when a power company builds
billions of dollars of new grid
upgrades, but the customer ends up
leaving or they never end up generating
as much power as they originally
thought. So, what actually determines
the price of our electric bills? There's
three things. There's the contract, the
available supply, and the rate rules.
Virginia is a very good example for
this. The state has the largest
concentration of data centers in the
country. A state review found that the
current rates generally made data
centers pay their cost of service. It
also warned that the fast future growth
could add $14 to $37 a month to a
typical home bill by 2040. That forecast
assumes the state fails to change how
new costs are assigned. So, can data
centers increase electricity prices for
people? Absolutely, if it's executed
wrong. Can it lower prices for people?
Yes, if it's executed right. It all
comes down to execution. Now, let's hit
water. Data centers used about 17.4
billion gallons of water directly in the
United States in 2023, according to the
Lawrence Berkeley National Laboratory.
But water use can vary by more than
10,000 times for the same amount of
computing work. The result depends on
the servers, the cooling systems, the
climate, the local power grid, and how
fully the machines are used. A data
center using outside air in a closed
water loop in a cool region is
completely different from one
evaporating drinking water in a freaking
desert. For example, in 2021, Google's
data center in the Dallas, Oregon, used
roughly 355 million gallons, about 29%
of the city's total water use. That is a
humongous number. and residents are
justifying asking what happens during a
drought or on the hottest day of the
year. Now, it is in a climate where it
rains a lot, but that's still a big
thing to ask. But now, check this out.
In Karen House's book, Empire of AI, a
comparison involving a proposed Google
site in Uruguay massively overstated the
project's water use versus local
population. It was wrong by a factor of
1,000. Now, it is important to note that
how publicly corrected that number, but
that hasn't stopped that number from
spreading. It turns out that data
centers with closed loop cooling systems
use far less water than people realize.
These are the systems where the water
continues to recirculate in the system
just like a liquid cooled computer or
the radiator in your car, but at a
massive scale. To put it in perspective,
golf facilities in 2024 in the US used
30 times more water than data centers to
keep their grounds healthy. In
California, almond orchards used about
90 to 100 times more water than data
centers. It is so obvious that poorly
zoned data centers are a huge problem.
It is irresponsible to build a data
center where the local water supply is
strained for obvious reasons. But it
doesn't necessarily mean that data
centers waste water in ginormous
amounts. If people really have a problem
with the amount of water that data
centers use, they should start
protesting golf courses and almonds.
[laughter]
I mean, seriously, almonds are easily
the worst nut. It is so bad. Pistachios,
cashews, literally every other nut out
there is so much better. I'm just
kidding. I love almonds. Almonds are
good for you. Eat almonds, okay? Don't
freaking big almonds. Don't come after
me. Okay, now let's hit noise pollution.
A big data center has fans. They have
chillers. They have pumps, transformers,
and backup generators. The most annoying
sound can be a constant low frequency
hum, especially as one lives close to a
data center. Now, Virginia State Review,
the state with the highest data centers
per capita, found that most data centers
generated no noise complaints, but it
also found real complaints around some
facilities and warned that standard
noise ordinances may fail to capture low
frequency sounds. Backup diesel
generators create another legitimate
concern. They usually run for testing or
emergencies, but a huge campus can have
hundreds of them. In Northern Virginia,
the regional share of major pollutants
from data center generators has been
relatively small according to the state
review, but it can still become a local
problem when the facility sits beside a
neighborhood or school. This can be
easily solved once again by requiring
cleaner backup systems like natural gas
or even grids scale batteries in
addition to limiting testing during bad
air days. And again, with proper zoning,
these data centers can be built in areas
that aren't close to people's homes if
the building is going to be generating
any amount of noise. We have industrial
zones for a freaking reason. But now,
here is the big one. What do the job
numbers actually look like? Is AI
killing jobs? Is it creating jobs?
What's happening? The reality is
building a data center creates a lot of
work locally. A typical large project in
Virginia can employ roughly 1,500
construction workers at its peak for 12
to 18 months. Electricians, pipe
fitters, welders, equipment operators,
engineers, concrete crews, truck
drivers, security teams, maintenance
contractors, so many other people are
all part of the equation. Now, once it's
built, the same facility may support
only about 50 full-time jobs, and
roughly half of those can be
contractors. Those numbers vary, of
course, but you're going to need a lot
less people to maintain the facility
after it's built for obvious reasons.
And so, it's very fair to get skeptical
when a politician or an AI CEO says that
a data center creates thousands of
full-time local jobs. They do for sure
in the short to medium-term, but once a
data center is built, the amount of
labor required for maintenance and
upkeep is relatively small. But the
broader local effect can be meaningful.
A 2026 study from the National Bureau of
Economic Research found more building
jobs, data processing jobs, firms,
wages, reported income, and home value
near data center openings. But it also
found evidence of higher power prices
over time. Going back to our initial
point, once again, a real benefit and a
real downside can exist at the same
time. And tax revenue can be huge.
London County and Northern Virginia says
data center revenue has helped it fund
schools, roads, fire stations,
libraries, parks, and other services
while lowering local property tax rates
over time. St. Louis recently approved a
project with a binding local deal and
projected hundreds of millions of
dollars in tax revenue over 10 years.
But there are deals that deserve close
scrutiny. States have handed out massive
sales tax exemptions to attract projects
like in Georgia's own evaluation,
finding that its data center tax break
produced a small negative return for the
state under the assumptions it studied.
Virginia estimated that its exemption
saved the industry about $928 million in
one fiscal year. So, it's not always
what it seems. These companies could be
getting huge tax breaks, which offsets
the tax benefit from bringing those jobs
there. So, by this point, the negative
case is very clear. Power bills can rise
and water demand can be serious,
especially if the data center is being
built in the wrong place. Noise can make
nearby life freaking miserable, while
diesel generators pollute the area.
Those projects create a large short-term
workforce, although the finished project
is rarely a giant full-time employer,
and depending on how quickly AI is
adopted, could even reduce jobs due to
AI's incredible capability to build
things. and tax revenue can be easily
offset by tax subsidies. These are not
fake concerns. These are real concerns.
And so, it's obvious that we have to
come up with some sort of solution. But
now, I want to get to the part of the
story that is easily the dumbest
solution to these real problems. And if
you're enjoying this video so far, I
want to support the channel. Feel free
to click subscribe. It's free and goes a
very long way. Thank you so much. Okay.
the dumbest solution to these real
problems, a data center national
moratorum which calls for the pause of
any new builds of data centers in the
United States. Bernie Sanders, a senator
in the US, has been running a campaign
on data center moratoriums, claiming
that the dangers from AI are too great
and that the only way to solve for these
is by slowing down data center buildouts
and in his best case scenario completely
pausing the projects. And listen, I
don't think Bernie is a bad person. I
don't agree with him politically, but
he's not a bad person. But this idea has
to be one of the worst ideas in the
history of ideas by the simple fact that
if the US were to stop building data
centers, the data centers will simply
show up somewhere else in the world. And
this will be a catastrophic outcome in
the US, similar to how the US got itself
into a terrible bind with power
generation and an absolutely broken
electric grid due to the panic and
hysteria around nuclear power back in
the 70s. And there's a simple reason
why. software, which is ultimately what
AI is, crosses borders and models
training other countries, can be sold to
American businesses through this magical
thing called the internet. If the United
States stops building while other
countries keep going, we give up
construction workers, energy
investments, technical knowledge, tax
revenue, ownership, and national
influence. Many of the automation
effects or job displacement effects that
Bernie is calling out if they are to
materialize would still arrive
regardless of who builds the data center
because again of this magical thing
called the internet. From my perspective
that may be the worst possible trade. We
export the upside of AI and import the
disruption. How does that make sense?
Just look at the US's biggest competitor
in China. China understands that compute
is power. It has spent years
consolidating data center construction
into national hubs and building an
enormous network to move computing work
between regions. And China has been
building so much new power capacity in
the last few years to the point where
they added more solar power in a year
than the US has in total and turned on
more than 550 gatt hours of power in
2025 which is half of the US national
grid. So what would a federal American
moratorum actually change? It would
change who owns more of the machines
while the global race continues. That's
obviously important because the purpose
of these buildings extends far beyond
using a chat box to ask about random
things or relationship advice or
whatever. At its core, AI is the factory
that will power the next generation of
AI agents, scientific tools, robots,
medical systems, and literally
everything that will underpin the next
generation of the human economy. There
is already a huge trend starting to take
hold that's transforming AI from chat
bots that answer one question at a time
to agents that can work through a
sequence of tasks for days. They can
book hotel rooms and flights. They can
inspect a codebase. They can write
software. They can run tests. They can
research a problem. They can prepare a
report and return with a finished piece
of work or a project. And if you've been
using tools like Claude Code or Codeex
or Cowwork or Grockbot or Hermes or
OpenClaw, Replet, Bolt, or countless
others, you'll know exactly what I'm
talking about. The reality is that these
agentic systems require a massive amount
of compute and better chips. They
require algorithms and models which all
run in data centers that can make tasks
more efficient. When tens of millions,
hundreds of millions, billions of people
and businesses use these agents at once,
the demand on compute will be
astronomical. And some people might be
doubtful of the claim that demand for
these agentic systems doesn't really
exist. But I'm here to prove to you that
it very much is the case. and medicine
just gave us an incredible example of
what that can look like. Mona and Merc
announced positive topline results from
a phase three trial of a personalized
mRNA treatment for high risk melanoma.
The treatment is called intismaran. I
don't even know if I said that right.
Intisaran. After a patient's tumor is
removed, scientists sequence one tumor
and normal tissue. They identify the
mutations unique to that cancer. then
use a machine learning algorithm powered
by AI to select up to 34 targets likely
to provoke an immune response. A
personalized piece of mRNA is then made
to teach that patients immune system
what to attack. In a trial of,00
patients in tisaran combined with
Katruda which is another medicine that
treats melanoma beat Kituda alone on
occurrence free survival and distant
metastasis free survival. Basically this
thing helped people live longer. that
have cancer. This type of example is
really important to highlight when
people describe compute or data centers
as wasteful or not something we should
build or something that doesn't have
demand. The reality is that an AI
powered machine learning system helped
turn the mutations in one person's tumor
into a treatment designed for that
person. This is one example of literally
millions that people experience on a
daily basis with AI. I'm willing to bet
quite a bit of you right now that are
watching this video use AI every single
day. And if it were to disappear, you
would freak out. So the question
becomes, why are we having a ridiculous
argument about whether data centers are
evil and should be banned at the exact
moment computing is helping us solve
freaking cancer? The answer is because
we have broken incentives. And if we
align the incentives better, we can turn
this entire data center fiasco into a
massive net positive for the US. I
propose that every data center agreement
should have two layers. The first is
cost protection. The company pays for
every new power, water, sewer, road, and
emergency service cost that it's
projecting to create. It signs a
long-term contract and follows clear
limits for water, noise, and pollution.
If any of these are violated, the
company has to pay a massive fine,
ideally in the form of a percentage of
earnings from that data center that are
taxed until the issue is resolved. That
should be the absolute minimum
requirement for a data center project.
The second and more exciting layer is
something we will call the abundance
dividend. So imagine a company that's
applying for a permit through some sort
of public bid. Maybe it will pay the
baseline electric and water bills for
every home in the host town. Maybe the
project sits far from homes and the
credit goes to the entire county anyway.
Several projects could pull their money
into a statewide fund that funds
schools, rebuilds downtown areas, or
whatever. Yearly tax revenue could also
lower property taxes or the sales tax by
a huge amount. Now, what happens when
companies compete on that offer? It's so
easy to roleplay this. One company
proposes a giant campus and asks for a
tax exemption. Another says it will pay
its entire grid bill and train 500 local
apprentices. It will also fund grid
upgrades that cut outages and raise the
baseline power bill for every home in
town. You have now created competition
to deliver abundance. In this case, the
town or jurisdiction is selling
something scarce which is land, grid
access, water capacity, and public
trust. The data center company is
bringing capital, compute, demand for
new power, talent, future tax revenue,
and an abundance dividend. And the sad
thing is that the current system often
does the opposite. The public officials
compete to offer the largest tax break.
Companies bargain behind closed doors
and residents first hear about the
project when someone starts freaking
clear the land right behind their house.
Then everyone acts surprised when the
public becomes angry. Shocker. align the
incentives at the start and the politics
can change. If a resident sees a giant
windowless building and gets nothing,
the building feels like a freaking scam,
rightfully. But if that same building
funds a stronger grid, it pays for local
services and massively reduces or even
completely eliminates everyone's power
and water bill in the area, it becomes a
visible engine of abundance. You can
even make these data centers look
freaking beautiful and completely epic.
There's so much opportunity now given
all of this. There's still another huge
variable we need to discuss. Jobs that
will be impacted by the intelligence the
data centers create. AI agents may
create enormous productivity and wealth.
They may also automate a great deal of
white collar work. I personally worry
most about the middle of the labor
market. People doing repeatable
cognitive tasks that are valuable today
but increasingly easy for software to
perform. Data center construction jobs
cannot replace every accounting or legal
or support or design or software job
that's changed by AI. This is one more
reason I think the public needs
ownership and a dividend. If AI creates
vast new pool of digital labor, the
gains must reach far beyond the
companies that own the models and
buildings. We need workers building the
real world system, cheap power,
training, job support, retirement
accounts, public funds, and towns that
own some of the upside. We also need AI
itself to lower the price of things
people need. The abundance dividend is a
small early version of that social
contract, but we really need to get away
from the fear-mongering and the outright
disastrous ideas around pausing the
buildout of data centers. You can say AI
is dangerous all you want, but you know
what else is extremely dangerous? Cars.
Cars kill 40,000 people a year just in
the US. But guess what? People still
drive a lot. And what do we do to make
cars safer? We require brakes. We have
licenses for people. We have crash
tests. We have seat belts, insurance,
roads, traffic laws. You know what else
can kill people? Electricity. Do we stop
building things that require
electricity? Really? Are you crazy? Of
course not. Instead, we made electricity
safer to use so that we can scale it
faster. AI is no different. AI needs a
good system around it so we can move
even faster. A pause does the literal
opposite. I see AI as too powerful to
hand over to another country and too
powerful to let a small group of
companies write every rule. And a pause
will literally do both. And if you want
to learn more about positioning yourself
for the inevitable future that AI will
bring, check out my book, Abundance or
Collapse with the link in the
description and the comments section
below. And real quick, YouTube has this
crazy new algorithm where it knows
exactly what video you would like to
watch next based on AI and all of your
viewing behavior. And the algorithm says
that this video is the perfect video for
you. It's different for everyone that's
watching right now. So, check the video
out and I bet you might love it. Thank
you so much for watching. I hope this
video was informative and helpful and
we'll see you on the next one. Take it
easy everybody.