Channel:     jobhakdi
Title:       Tesla Is AHEAD Of Schedule  (Cybercabs Launched)
URL:         https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dlYYIHRj26c
Published:   2026-09-06 15:31 UTC
Fetched:     2026-09-06 17:00 UTC

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

and we are live. Well, this week was a
historic week for our favorite stock
which is Tesla and we went on a roller
coaster because one of the most
important days in the history of Tesla
actually happened and that was the
launch of Cyber Cap and why everyone got
very nervous about the launch the event
there were discussions is that a sale
the news event and then of course we had
the Nitsa the highway authority audit
coming up that dump pumped the stock and
set it back all the way the 7% that it
went up into the event
and I covered this whole thing
extensively. TLDDR the audit is not a
big deal. CERN Basher also had a great
great uh coverage of that with a more
extensive
uh writeup that was in line with what I
basically said and but he added some
interesting things here. uh is the story
why Zuk's
uh fouryear battle with Nitsa tells us
about cyber cap. He had another one that
was very helpful. So I recommend to read
that if you're interested. But the point
that I want to emphasize is all of this
is not that important. What is very
important now, the only thing that
actually counts for the week ahead is
how many cyber caps will we actually see
on the road. And that funnily enough, if
you go through X and try to figure out
how many cyber caps do we actually have
live, that is exactly what we here at
Pioneer Lens have to focus on as
pioneers, as stock investors and also
tactical alpha chasers beyond the core
positions that you might have that I
have. How can we know if Tesla is
exceeding our expectations in terms of
really deployed cyber caps? And how can
we know if they fall behind and things
might get stuck? because that is the
only thing that ultimately counts. Are
we on a fast trajectory? You know the
cyber cap and robo taxi tracker that we
have on the pioneer lens investment in
the pinealance investment research
section here right if you go to
pioneerlands.org you have the amazing
robo taxi model. There are some
questions about it I can uh maybe
address today a little bit but the most
important question is of course how many
do we have? And if you go to Pioneer
Lands on the homepage we have a new
thing and I'm giving it away right now.
Look at this. We have a new thing here
which is SpaceX down here. But let's
talk about the cyber cap counter. So
what we did here is we scraped a bunch
of websites including the robo taxi
tracker and condensed the whole question
down to the all decisive question. How
many cyber caps are actually
commercially deployed? And guess what?
Surprise, it is 37. You know, I'm
cutting right to the chase because I
need to put on my trades and I need to
understand what's happening.
Interestingly enough, we have no new
cyber caps over the last day. We have 37
deployed. So you'll see how many in the
last day 24 hours were deployed and how
many in the last week of course all of
them in the last week. So that is what
we have to watch. This is updated every
hour. So on pioneer lens.org you see the
real life ticker. Maybe we develop more
widgets here that you can subscribe to
with an email uh email but we don't have
that yet.
37 is the number. Let me zoom in to make
this very clear. 37 cyber caps. That is
the number that we are looking at right
now. Is that good or is it bad? Well,
it's right in between good and excellent
because my estimate and the estimate of
many other smart people, I think Genma
also had the very similar estimate. I
said 20 to 30
at launch. That would make me satisfied.
That would not be a failure. I think 50
plus would have clearly exceeded
everyone's expectations. So at 37 at
launch, we are looking at a pretty good
quantitative launch. But now the
question is, are we stuck at 37 for a
month? That would not be good. Or are we
scaling quickly beyond 100? That would
be excellent. And would in my opinion
get us on a rally up, assuming the
market doesn't crash for other reasons.
And right now the market looks pretty
good if you ask me.
So this is the new tracker we have to
watch from now on. Forget all the event
hype and the dehyping of the event.
Forget Nitsa. We have that out of the
system. That is why I put a lot of time
into the analysis of Nitsa. I wanted to
know is that a problem or not? But I
came to the conclusion well they will
not pass the audit.
But Nitsa has a huge incentive of
getting the new rules in and then of
course they pass the audit because the
new rules will tell them this is fine
and even if not Tesla has many ways to
mitigate that risk. Bottom line is
forget Nitsa not a big deal
more likely than not to even become a
positive deal but not a big negative
deal. Maybe headwinds for the stock for
the next week because institutional
investors have to follow my analysis
concerns or already did it. Who knows?
We will see but in latest one week this
is behind us.
Stock fell way too much. I think we're
in a very good situation here. Of course
it's a little speculative what happens
next if cybercap actually scales but all
the leading indicators as I explained
point into the direction that cyber is
ready to scale. Jenmma by the way had a
very smart commentary on X today uh or
yesterday where he outlined why version
15 is also a gamecher
because with the version 15 of FSD that
is currently deployed in CyberCap. What
we actually see is that Tesla is
changing the deployment logic from first
rolling out FSD to all of you guys and
us like all the Tesla owners and see how
humans kind of help them debug version
14 14.3 and so on and after the
debugging they give it to Cybercap.
They have now changed that whole
mechanism for version 15 and are rolling
it out first to Cybercap. Interestingly
enough, first to cyber cap
and then maybe at some point to FSD for
the human users which means and Jennma
made this point which is interesting. It
means that very likely the entire
feedback loop system the you know
supervised learning cycle has changed in
a way where they don't need human
supervision anymore. Very interesting
stuff. I think that we are now in a very
good position to potentially scale cyber
cap very quickly. The stock is
incredibly suppressed because against my
prediction that we are actually running
up into the event and staying up and
going towards 380. We are not doing that
uh so far and I do think this reaction
on Friday as I outlined was not a sell
the news event a sell the news
uh reaction for the stock but much more
than that a reaction to the Nitsa audit
pretty sure about that because you saw
in pre-market and even market opening
wasn't that bad and then became really
bad uh when this audit news came out and
this news is of course fake and so it
will disseminate over the next trading
days is my bet. So, I'm now much more
heavy in Tesla than I was
on Thursday. And Thursday, I added a
little bit of short puts, but I told
everyone if this drops to four 345 or
something, I'm not getting hurt that
much.
Now, I'm much deeper in. So, now I'm way
beyond my core position in Tesla. I
think now we have been set up for a very
nice riskreward situation. That is how I
see it. So, let's see what happens. So,
let's go back to Pioneer Lands here and
we go into the comments and see what you
guys think. By the way, I don't know if
you have seen it on my channel. Today,
we will have a short session
because today
we have to do a little political live
stream. So, I will abandon you guys in
about 20 minutes. Let's say 15 minutes.
We're closing this here. I will have
five minutes to prepare and we are
jumping right on my channel into the
political update live stream where I
will cover the election in Germany in
Zak Zakanhal. I don't even know how to
say this in English like Saxonia Anhalt
which is a small tiny state in the east
of Germany
and big things are happening there and I
will go into this in the political
liveream. Uh, I've never done a
political live stream, so I try to keep
it neutral and keep the crazies out. But
the whole world is watching that
election. Just so you know, it's
literally on the first page of the New
York Times even before they know what
the election results is. It's on the
first page of CNN
and of course all over the German
European media because this election
might be the election that ends the
European Union.
I had a special out on that but I will
explain it live while we look at the
results. So pretty exciting. Uh we have
other important European elections
coming up. By the way, Sweden is voting
and that's also a very fateful election.
Not even close as fateful as this German
thing because that might actually affect
all of Europe and the US eventually. But
Sweden also is coming up next week. But
of course, politics is fine. We also
need to stay ahead and make money
because without money, politics is no
fun. So, let's go into the questions in
the chat for the 10 minutes we have and
look through it. By the way, I have not
overlooked the fact that we have some
questions from you. Now, we have a
better organized website from Tom. We
have some questions about the robo taxi
model. I don't know if I can go into
that right now, but maybe in the next
live stream when we have more time,
maybe tomorrow or Tuesday, I will
actually address these questions of Tom
and we have a great discussion here from
Leon, Tom, Dominic, Adam and so on about
the robo taxi model and about the
valuation. You know, this is the model
that you see in the research section
here where you can simulate your own
robo taxis robo taxi trajectory.
So, let's go to the chat and see what
you guys think in these interesting
times. You can also check out the
website. We have more spacewatch widgets
now too where we watch Starship's next
flight in 9 days, by the way, where we
see Starling satellites, how many are
active, and all of that is updated every
day. Uh, so we are getting the website
more and more to a point where the
pioneers can rely on getting the hottest
news. We also have a new pioneer brief
design up very soon. So, this will be
very interesting. Let's go to
the chat.
Let's see what we have. Rolia, I'm here
on time. On time. Very good. How's the
breaks regulation going on? Well, that's
Nitsa audit. Well, this will be a long
this will not, you know, get us any news
anytime soon. It will take a few months
before anything happens here. We will
watch this very closely, but read the
CERN uh update and of course you can
watch my video if you didn't see it from
Friday where I cover this very
extensively with a very clear thesis why
this is not that important but I have
very good arguments and go into the
details. Good morning Joe from
Tomrandle. By the way, we are a little
early today. We are one hour early
because of this whole election situation
in Germany.
What's the definition of having brake
inside the car cyber stop whenever and
wherever needed beh
cannot be a handbreak?
Uh Nitsa has known the cyber cap for
years. Why all of a sudden they have
questions? Well,
Philip, it is kind of understandable
because the cyber cap wasn't live. Okay,
the cyber cap was not a commercial
vehicle. So they at the same day they
were very aware at the same day CyberCap
went on the roads as a real vehicle not
as a testing vehicle immediately they
filed the audit. So to be expected maybe
I hope Tesla has coordinated everything
beforehand with them. I don't know if
you're allowed to do that but I hope
they have coordinated this.
Role 420 says I filled out the interest
form for the Cyber Cap. As you probably
know Cyber Cap goes on sale for fleet
operators very soon. You can submit your
interest and Elon kind of implied that
robo taxi or cyber capab will be for
sale even for individuals who don't want
to do a fleet just have a bunch of them.
Very interesting stuff.
There's no show like a Joe show. I
couldn't agree more. FFT
and I hope you guys join me on the next
show in 15 minutes because that's a
first for me to try out what happens. I
have to just cover it's too important.
Uh so we have a double show.
I'm very curious says G J Ever Ebers.
I'm very curious to see how long that
Nitsa nonsense will last.
Probably shorter than much shorter than
with Zuks because this time the stakes
are very high. I hope they have prep
prepared that with the administration
and with Tesla. Let's see. And I do
think the competition will put a lot of
pressure on it. Best case scenarios,
Nitsa is prepared for this stuff. Uh
Nitsa actually plans to push through
their commentary and supplemental
material and rules and are using this
order to do it.
Uh
cell by says, "Suddenly I'm getting an
avalanche of Uber Eats advertisements.
They must be getting scared.
We have to understand that Uber is dead.
Uber is dead at the millisecond where
Cyber Cap starts scaling in earnest.
They have just absolutely no chance of
survival. I will cover next week the
idea of that fleet operator and fleet
sales that might give Uber a way to
survive. The problem for Uber is it's
very hard to survive in a way where they
have any growth. they become a cyber cap
operator in remote areas because I'm
pretty sure when I look at the
financials that Tesla want to own the
top 10 metropolitan areas, top 20
metropolitan areas in the United States
because you make so much more money if
you do not sell Cyber Cap. And I do
think they're only doing the selling
because that allows them to cover the
entire United States and Europe and so
on very quickly. So the only reason to
sell Cyber Cap to fleet operators is to
cover new white spaces on the map which
are of course enormous.
But it also means that there is a clear
financial interest of Tesla to not sell
Cyber Cap to fleet operators inside the
top 10 or 20 metropolitan areas. From a
pure financial perspective and a
financial and operational perspective,
that is my best current thesis that
Tesla does not want to sell these cyber
caps if they can operate them
themselves. that this will be probably
the case in Austin, Dallas, Houston, in
New York City, in Boston, in LA, in San
Francisco, San Diego, uh in the major
areas of Florida, in Chicago,
maybe in uh Atlanta, maybe in Phoenix
and in uh Las Vegas, maybe in
Washington, in Seattle. Uh but then
beyond that, you know, then you go into
the long tail of all these US cities and
then it becomes a trade-off for Tesla.
Okay, do we want to just lose some
margin here, just sell these cyber caps
and just charge whatever 10, 20, 30% of
revenue
or do we go or do we want to do it
ourselves? And especially in Europe, you
don't want to go into like every single
European country, every single European
state and do this. I think it will be a
blend where Tesla has a matrix and
decides in Europe let's take the te top
30 metropolitan areas or even rural
areas if it's a whole state like
Brandenburgg does something with Tesla
now very interesting so if they can take
over Brandenburg singular they probably
do it um but they will need help to
cover the entire planet and that is the
purpose of the fleet operators in my
opinion that's my best Yes.
So, Andreas Peterson, now Sweden will
vote yes for FSD. Rumors has it France
will change their vote from no to yes as
well. Yes.
I think this is all coming very quickly
now. I told everyone once cyber cap
scares in United States, Europe will
follow very quickly because you just
can't stand in the way of this. You
forgot, says Larry, that the testing of
the cyber cap was down with models that
had pedals and steering wheels.
True. Very good point. By the way,
Larry,
glad I have 100 shares of Tesla. It's
been a long time coming. Exactly.
I'm confused. You're saying that
the Nitsa news is fake. It's not fake in
the sense that the news is not true.
It's fake in the sense that it drops the
stock. So, not the news is fake. The
fear is,
you know, uncalled for.
Uh, safe traveler. France better says,
"Yes, rural France transport is terrible
and costly." Well,
problems were never a reason for French
governments to address them.
Uh, Andreas Peterson, next Sunday is
election day here in Sweden. Swedish
Democrats. I actually talked to some I
was at a booth. I talked to the Sweden
Democrats in Toster,
the two extremes. Very funny.
Um,
must win. Yeah, it's a little scary in
Sweden, but I think the Germans could
save everyone this time. Let's see. Big
fan number one from Palo Alto. Hi, Joe.
Hello. Big fan number one, Palo Alto.
Andrea says, I hope Angela Merkel will
get 450%. And I know you'll be cheering
for this, Joe. Exactly 450%.
Whatever happened to German industrial
production? Well, you guys know what I
think. I think Germany is just not a
sovereign state. Germany is effectively
occupied by some weirdo situation. And
the politicians pretend to be very dumb
and making all these mistakes. I don't
think these are mistakes.
It is about the destruction of the
German industrial base and the
destruction of the German population.
And at this point, it's not even a
secret anymore. And that is why in East
Germany now we probably see a total
majority voting for the only alternative
to the other parties. So it's it's a
very interesting situation. This is not
about political. This is not a right or
left question. It's not a right-wing
party the AfD. This is just an
alternative. It's literally in the name.
And that is why everyone's freaking out
because Germany is not failing by chance
or by stupidity. Germany is failing by
design. Germany is also not getting
overrun by accident and the same is
probably true for Europe and now more
and more people are literally seeing
that a huge number of people so very
interesting unfortunately in Sweden
let's see if enough people understand
probably not but let's see what happens
go be kind Joe oh that's very cute
little roller skates
um when am I going to recoup my FSD
investment put my Tesla on
What's your FSD investment? Oh, this FSD
investment. I don't know.
Uh, Bill Ellen, how about likes gang?
Let's go, Joe. Yes,
lip tarts everywhere. Yeah, they are
part of the problem, but they're not the
real problem. The problem is the people
they vote for, and they are not tards.
They are like more traders or something.
We see Roger Jack here. Joe Roger from
South Dakota. First, good luck with
politics, brother. Brother, second, I
thought the Nitsa thing was real, but
essentially said with government wishing
to promote autonomy, safety, but not
well, it's real. Don't get me wrong.
Sorry, I said fake news. It's not fake
news that Nitsa's investigating this,
that they have an audit. It's also not
fake news that Tesla in my opinion is
extremely likely to fail the audit
unless Nitsa puts in the rule and
approves the new rule in which case of
course they pass the audit. So this
really comes down to will they approve
the rule in time and on a timeline level
of course if they approve it of course
it will be in time. So it really boils
down to the question just approve the
new rule that they proposed. There's
some indication that politically
uh
it is very
very likely that um that this will work
for Tesla. It is very clear that the
head of the of Nitsa clearly understands
the situation. He clearly understands
the rules are outdated. He clearly
understands Tesla must be approved. So
it's not a political will problem. We
just have to get through all the
bureaucracy. That's why I'm saying it's
fake news to be scared. The scare, the
scare news is fake news, not the audit.
Astra plus cyber cap big baller. The
world will change soon. Reminds me of
pre-COVID when there was this rumblings
that the world was going to change.
Interesting interesting paradigm
in a very weird way. I agree. Of course,
it's a totally different thing, but
we are probably
at the equivalent stage of I don't know
December 2019, January 2020. I think in
the next four months, by end of the
year, the world will be very different.
It's dramatically and rapidly changing.
Astra is insane. Yes. Chris Giddy,
what will minimum fleet size order be?
Well, I have no idea.
Uh, I think Tesla wants to feel out the
demand. Obviously, they will be focusing
on the big dudes first and that will be
very interesting.
Weird. They gave government mass
internet contract to Blue Origin. Well,
we have to understand the government
when it comes to NASA and the space
situation, they want to hedge their
bets. It's actually in the interest of
the US government not to give everything
to SpaceX but to spread it and also seed
other options. You don't want to be
dependent on SpaceX alone. So
uh you know this is like I wouldn't even
say safe travel is a socialist. It's
more like smart. If you are like the
government you don't want to be
dependent even if SpaceX is absolutely
ahead. Uh as a government you're not
just putting out contracts to get them
fulfilled. You're also trying to seed
your ecosystem and prepare for the
future and have as many players who are
highly competent in the race as
possible. And of course, they want to
support SpaceX, but they also want to
have more. By the way, uh is the first
commercial space company in Germany and
in Europe with that uh successfully
launched I think an orbiter rocket today
or yesterday. So that's very good. We
should be very happy for that. obviously
far behind SpaceX, of course, but at
least now they have some someone in the
race.
Let common citizen have access to Cyber
Cap ownership.
Yeah.
Um Joe, I just watched your pod Sunday
morning. Your website still says Nitsa
will stop Tesla Cyber Cap from scaling
posted to update the scene. You feel
differently now. No, you have to read
the details.
I never said anything else.
Uh maybe the headlines should convey the
points more effectively, but the text
says the right thing. I believe Trump
would put pressure on it if they try and
come down on Cyber Gap. Well, Trump is
very busy, but yes, I think politically
it's clear that they want Tesla to
succeed.
Uh that's not true, Brian Joy. Not a big
deal. I said I said both in my posts and
in my video that they will stop cyber
cap because of the audit, but that it's
more likely or very likely irrelevant
for the stock and irrelevant for scaling
because they will approve the other
thing. So you can criticize me for
having the wrong headlines or imply
something headlines, but you have to
listen what I'm actually saying.
Uh we do post questions to maybe get Joe
to answer. You have to go to Pine
Academy. Go on here. Uh you go to the
academy and there are office hours. You
click here. Boom. Ask a question.
Oh, we have very good questions here. I
have to answer that.
Os brush.
Okay, I have to stop this stream in a
second. Oh, by the way, guys, this is
beautiful. Look at this. While we were
talking, our cyber cap tracker actually
detected another cyber cap. We have
another one deployed right now in the
last 10 minutes. Isn't that great? We at
38 now. I tell you, it's a good time to
buy the stock.
Germany being overrun by design is a
very Austrian thing to say.
I don't know. No, no, no.
Oh, my mic is off.
What? That's horrible. How did this
happen?
How did this happen? Let's see.
So annoying.
I don't know why this happened. Sorry
guys about the mic. But we also have to
we have to switch. I need to go to
politics. Let me just post the link here
in case you want to follow this stream
or not this stream but the next stream.
As I mentioned in the beginning, I will
fix the mic in the meantime.
We have
a very big event in Germany that's being
covered by everyone. It's a local
election that is being covered right now
by the New York Times and CNN and
everyone because it's such a big deal
and I will give you firsthand coverage.
They just closed the polls and the first
results should be in and we need to
cover this election because it is
extremely fateful. I will post
I will post the link
in a second.
Copy link. I will post it here.
You guys can tell me if this works.
There's the link.
Okay. And I don't know what happened to
this stupid mic.
Okay guys, so let's change the other
stream. And I see you
there. We go to this stream now. This
stream.
Okay. See you guys.