Channel:     jobhakdi
Title:       What US Office Construction REVEALS About SpaceX's Future Growth
URL:         https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jR7BJtxdV2E
Published:   2026-06-06 20:55 UTC
Fetched:     2026-06-06 22:00 UTC

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

I just recorded a video explaining how I
view the Tesla SpaceX merger and
providing for the first time in the
community in the analyst and investor
community on SpaceX Tesla and AI a
quantitative model that explains how we
have to think as Tesla shareholders when
on what time frames the Tesla SpaceX
merger is bad for us as Tesla
shareholders and when it starts being
good for us. So check out that video.
But today I want to make one more point
why I'm so incredibly bullish on SpaceX
as a business regardless of the Tesla
question and point out one interesting
thing that I found [clears throat]
that I want to use to explain the amount
of economic pressure of demand pressure
of financial numbers that are standing
ready to flow into the SpaceX business
and why this is such a unique and insane
situation. So let's go right to the
point here. So the co-base letter, some
people hate them. I think they're fine.
They're just providing some insight
sometimes. So they're pointing out the
US data center construction spending. So
this is not the spending on the actual
chips and everything. It's just the
construction, right? How much is being
spent on the actual real estate here and
building these things including the
energy and everything has jumped 34%
year over year in March to a record 50
billion
50 billion dollars just in construction,
real estate construction for the data
centers. And I want to comment on this
and show you guys what that means for
SpaceX. Let me explain that in a second
and I have a another little model for
you to understand what I mean. Spending
on data centers is up 437% since the
beginning of 2021. That's only 5 years
ago, 437%
so nearly 5x, 4 and 1/2 x since 2021
when the annualized rate stood at 9
billion, and don't forget that was
pre-AI, of course, but data centers were
a big thing, AWS, Google, the cloud
expansion, so it's not even small, but
it was 9 billion. It's also up 688%
since the start of 2018, right? Because
there you see the growth, the crazy
growth just pre-AI even of data centers.
And here comes the interesting thing,
just to put it in a perspective.
Meanwhile, office building construction
spending fell 9% in March to 46 billion,
the lowest since 2015. And that means
this, look at this chart. On the light
blue line, you see data center
construction only spending, and you see
general office construction spending of
the entire United States, and that chart
tells you a lot. The entire spend on
commercial real estate or office
construction in the United States is now
eclipsed by the spend on data centers.
And what you also see is the growth is
incredible. The growth since AI happened
in 2023
is on a straight line up. Now, what does
it all have to do
with SpaceX? Let me explain what I think
it has to do with it. What is
overlooked, and the point I will be
making for the coming weeks when we dive
much deeper into SpaceX analysis and the
crazy orbital AI buildout analysis is
that we have to understand for the first
time in the history of humanity, do we
have a business model? And I mean not an
abstract economic opportunity, I mean a
tight business model, token dollars per
token, dollars per gigawatt, capex per
gigawatt, like a super watertight
business model, where everything is
clear and you have giant margins for
everyone involved, for the token
providers to consumers and businesses to
the chip builders to the people
operating the data centers, where
everyone makes enormous amount of money,
all the way to the end user who just
creates infinite economic value for the
first time in history. We have a
business model here that can be as it is
infinitely scaled. This thing can be
scaled to a million times of the current
global economy, to a billion times, to a
trillion times.
We have to understand this. The reason
being, for the first time we manufacture
something that in itself creates
infinite value. Infinite value because
of the fundamental first principle of
human economics. What we produce is
intelligence. And intelligence, what is
intelligence? Intelligence is our tool,
our weapon to engineer reality. With
intelligence, you can achieve anything
you want. You can shape, create, and
engineer any future reality you want.
And if you can't engineer your future
reality, it is because you don't have
enough intelligence. So, how do you get
there? If you hit a reality you can't
engineer, you buy more tokens.
And that is it. There's nothing more.
That's it. Intelligence is the way to
take matter and energy in the universe
and transform it into a constellation
that you like better. That's
fundamentally what intelligence is.
There are not many things in the
universe. There's matter and there's
energy and there's information. That's
it. Nothing else. Maybe time, maybe. I'm
not sure. But matter, energy, and
intelligence uh and and and knowledge,
information. That information tells you
how energy and matter is combined. It
tells you the constellation of matter
and energy. And whatever you can dream
of, whatever future you want, if you
want to have a large family, if you want
to have beautiful cities with people you
like and everyone is nice.
Or if you want to have space colonies,
if you want to mine distant planets.
Doesn't matter what you want. If you
want a big car, if you want a nice
t-shirt, if you want to live on Mars, if
you want to own Jupiter, it doesn't
matter. It doesn't matter. Whatever you
can imagine is just the same as it is
now, only in a different constellation.
Jupiter exists, you exist, you just
don't own Jupiter, but that's just a
little formality. You could own it. You
just have to figure out how. Okay, you
could have limitless clean energy for
everyone forever if you knew how. So,
you can do the exercise if you knew how.
You can get anything. And that knowing
how is called intelligence. And that
intelligence we can now buy. Now, there
are heavy limits on it. If you want to
own Jupiter now, they're not enough You
don't have enough tokens. Anthropic
doesn't have enough tokens to figure
that out. But if it had 10 million times
more tokens, it could figure it out.
So, we have to understand intelligence
scales limitlessly in its economic
value. And that means
the demand for intelligence is infinite.
And not in the future, but today. We
have breached the critical thing,
somewhere around 2025. I remember I sat
in a nice little library in Oregon, no,
in not in Oregon, in Vancouver,
Washington, when I brought this video to
you, when I told you the singularity
just has started. The singularity has
started because we are now on an
inevitable fast track to AGI, and now we
have reached it. We have reached
economic AGI. And from here it's just
infinity. Now, there are many risks and
problems, and we might all die. This is
a That's the main thing, you know, that
has to be considered, but that's not
part of this video. What that all means
is
we are seeing this trajectory, and we
can take this trajectory to do a little
math on SpaceX. Let's do that. Here is a
model, very raw, very basic model. I
just hacked that together. Where you see
the growth in data center construction
spending billions of dollars in the
United States. It's exactly the chart
plotted here. You see the growth rate.
Doesn't matter too much. But because of
what I just said, because of my theory
that there's infinite economic
potential, we can assume that that
growth rate of 35% a year will never
stop. Okay? I'm not saying we will grow
US construction spending on data centers
35% into infinity because of course
there are massive constraints. You have
limited land, you have super limited
energy, so we will hit a hard stop in
2027, 2028, 2029. So that number is
definitely wrong, right? I continue that
growth. That number is definitely wrong
when it comes to reality, what will
happen. But it is a number that we can
use to project how much money people
would love to spend, want to spend, can
spend on data center construction
spending. So what the number here is is
not how much will be spent in the United
States. I can more or less guarantee you
this will not be spent because there
will be massive protests, people will
get really mad, the energy is going to
run out, there is not enough gas
turbines, the whole mess. But it tells
us something else. How much we could
spend. Because that growth rate tells us
a little bit more. It tells us how much
people want intelligence, but also how
much, how well people are able to for
form capital around it. So this is a
very empirically important number. It
means that we can form capital at that
rate and given the enormous economic
value that is proven out as we speak,
the probability that we can keep forming
capital or keep up the capital formation
at the same speed as extremely high if
not guaranteed. And that's conservative,
it might go up. But let's say
conservatively we keep it at 35% capital
formation rate. That is the demand
curve. Okay? That is the demand curve or
the pressure curve of capital that needs
to be spent. Okay? Now the problem is
the capital cannot be spent for the
reasons I explained. So what happens to
the capital? The capital gets angry, the
capital gets hungry, the capital says,
"I don't care about your little
complaints, citizens. I don't care about
your little complaints about energy, you
stupid little energy people. I'm greedy,
hungry capital. I need to be spent. I
want growth. And then, the white knight
comes to the rescue, the white knight of
SpaceX and the Starship, and says, "You
know what? I take your money, because I
have enough space. I know a space that
has infinite space, and it's called, you
guessed it, space." And all that now
comes down to the question, can Starship
and can Space AI SpaceX deliver the AI
orbital AI data center promise, and
when? And I here assume it can do so
starting next year, but on a tiny little
fraction of 1%
of US buildout, but then it goes up
significantly. I'm actually very
conservative here. I'm assuming that
SpaceX will grab 10% per year of the
entire market
over time. The real trajectory might be
a little more aggressive than that, but
let's just be conservative. Let's say
they pull off Starship production and
start scaling as fast as they can, and
over time they can grab 10% every single
year an additional market share going up
to 80% of the entire US buildout. I
think it's also the global buildout, but
that's a different story, depending how
the deal with China goes, and if they're
allowed to even buildout for other
people
from a national security perspective.
But let's just say US, okay? These are
my assumptions. Maybe you think I'm
crazy, but I don't think that's crazy at
all. Maybe the ramp is too fast in the
beginning, but maybe it's Maybe it's too
slow compared to what's going to happen.
Don't underestimate the ridiculous
pressure on SpaceX to get this done.
They will raise 75 billion this year,
and they will pour it all into Starship
mass manufacturing. They have to prove
out Starship works this year. Let's see
if they can do it. It needs to really
work. It needs to be commercially ready.
It's a highly complicated operation, as
you know, but they have made great
progress. I have a certain confidence. I
think it's more likely than not that
Starship will be ready commercially in
2027, and I can't even tell you what
that means. It's the craziest thing that
ever happened. The build-out will be
insane. We will have tens of thousands
of Starships. We will have hundreds of
launches in every single day, probably
by 2000 in the 2030s in the early 2030s.
It will be the biggest operation ever.
It will transport us
at a ridiculous level into orbit and to
the moon soon after that. Okay, enough
talk. What about the numbers? Here are
the numbers.
The demand of data center construction
build-out. And note, that has nothing to
do with the chips. This has nothing to
do who operates these things. This is
true for Google, Amazon, Oracle, all the
partners of SpaceX, they need to spend
that money on SpaceX and their
satellites. I will go to this in a
second, but here you have 68 billion, 90
billion, 123 billion, 167 billion, 225
billion, 300 billion, 400 billion. That
is coming
By the way,
ARK Invest projects 2035, ARK will make
300 billion dollars
in revenue for SpaceX. Here I'm telling
you just the construction, just the
construction budgets for AI will exceed
that by a lot.
Hey, on this channel, we do something
very important. We deeply analyze,
understand, and predict capital, AGI,
and politics. Not just to beat the
markets and make a lot of money, even
though that's important, but also to
build a new society and make the future
good for all of us, the pioneers.
If you want to help me on this journey,
you can do that by doing a very simple
thing, like and subscribe. It helps me a
lot. Thank you so much for your support,
and let's get back to the video.
Actually, we'll exceed it by 2x. So,
ARK's projection of Starlink revenue
will be dwarfed by just data center
build-out budgets for SpaceX by 2035,
600 billion. Just to tell you, just some
random little detail here, doubles the
entire revenue of the biggest cash core
of SpaceX in parallel, okay? So, what
does it all mean? I would project that
they make 700 million dollars already
next year in orbital lift revenue from
Starship, from that build-out, then
jumping to roughly 10 billion
10 billion in 2028 to 24 billion to 50
billion to 90 billion to 152 billion to
246 billion and so on because they're
grabbing a larger share of the build-out
because the pressure just mounts
exponentially on Earth because they
can't do it anymore while they need to
grow like crazy. That pressure gives you
these numbers. This is real cash into
SpaceX. Now, to be accurate, that is the
construction costs and that includes the
AI satellite construction costs without
the chips. I suggest the hull kind of
You can debate that. You could argue
that's not really the construction cost
for the whatever, but some surrounding
pieces of the satellite are part of that
and the orbital lift share. And maybe
the satellite construction doesn't even
go to SpaceX, so maybe they're only
going to get half of it. I assume half.
I think orbital lift is actually more
than that because the satellite
construction share does not include the
core uh GPUs and everything. That's not
part of the construction statistics and
it doesn't include the racks. It just
includes the radiation, the radiators,
and the solar panels. That's included
there. So,
I don't know if that's half half. It's
probably less than half, so orbital lift
share would be larger, but even then,
you can do the math. SpaceX would double
its projected revenue that ARK projects
on Starlink just through that. And long
story short, this is not an accurate
prediction model. This is just giving
you some sense for what's happening and
how quickly it's happening. Basics could
wreak in 10 billion dollars in revenue,
high margin revenue by the way, and here
24 billion and 50 billion. That's half
of the entire Tesla revenue already by
2030 just by that lift AI satellite
business. So, there you have it. That is
my argument, one of the many arguments
why I'm so bullish on this whole
situation, why I think SpaceX is the
biggest thing that has ever happened. We
need to stay rational as Tesla
shareholders what we want. Watch the
other video to see how the merger
affects the Tesla share price and where
we how we make the most money in one
what time frame. But this is big. Make
no mistake. This is not pie in the sky.
This is something that happens. This
chart is real. This chart tells you what
actually happened. Look at that. Look at
that. If you would have told anyone in
2018
that eight years later there will be
more money spent in the United States on
building our data centers than on the
entire office construction of the entire
nation, everyone would have thought you
have completely lost your marbles. But
you would have been right. That gives
you a little hint what's going on here.
These are not peanuts. This is the most
massive build out in the history of
humanity and now Elon has cornered the
actual market of that build out and
everyone has to get on his starship.
That is exactly what's going to happen
and it's going to happen very very soon,
much sooner than anyone thinks. By 2028
it's game over. I hope that was
interesting. See you tomorrow.