Channel:     jobhakdi
Title:       LIVE: My $1M BET on Tesla and AI - PLUS: Draupnir AI Agent LAUNCH For Pioneerlands
URL:         https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AthoD3bR3yU
Published:   2026-04-17 16:34 UTC
Fetched:     2026-04-19 23:00 UTC

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

As you probably know, we live through a
very exciting age. The age of AGI.
Here's a little bit of a presentation.
Let's go all the way back.
I'm talking about Nvidia. Yensen Huang
at the middle of the storm, at the
center of the storm. Yensen Huang, the
great CEO and founder of Nvidia here
with the Nvidia Ruben system became the
biggest company in the world just by
driving that AI revolution. We know all
this guy. Elon Musk now catching up to
Nvidia, overtaking Nvidia as the largest
chip manufacturer in the world very
soon, sooner than people think. That is
what we are doing here in Pioneer Alpha
and Pioneer Lands. And of course, Robo
Taxi, we are imminent launching
unsupervised all across the world, all
across America, starting with Texas.
Probably a few million of these things
driving around very soon and everyone
will be so shocked except for us because
we knew it. And this all
climactically approaching this crazy
moment in time where we have Moonbase
Alpha named after Pioneer Alpha by Elon
of course because he's such a big fan.
Just kidding.
Well, Elon actually knows us. So yes,
maybe he's a fan, but I maybe Moonbase
Alpha was not named after Pine Alpha.
Who cares? This is all happening. And as
you guys know, I have been very active
in trading this whole thing, trading the
revolution and uh the results are pretty
good. Uh I have done this with my own
money of course as you know and we are
looking very good. I'm very happy.
Here's some some insight into what's
happening. We had 106% since inception
January 1st 2024.
Uh and here is some examples what that
actually means. Why I call it Pine
Alpha. By the way, I didn't start
investing and trading in 2024. I started
this I don't even remember when uh in in
1999.
Uh so it has been a long time. I went
then very heavy into options trading in
two in 2014 or something. Learned some
hard lessons. There's a long story but
then predicted Tesla in 2018 very
accurately. told JP Morgan, I will
always remember this in San Francisco in
2019 that everyone is not getting that
Tesla is being transformed within 12
months. They were laughing at they were
not laughing at me but secretly they
were laughing at me. I know it and then
they came back begging for more uh a
year later because you know what
happened in 2020. So very interesting.
But in January 1st 2024 I decided okay
it's time to professionalize this. Also
I had some messy things then being
concluded with my uh company uh in the
genomics space. This is a long story but
that came more and more to a point where
I thought well it's time to actually
look also at some things that I think I
can really do very well at and that was
Pioneer Alpha and Pioneer Lands and
since then we're looking very good. We
are beating the NASDAQ over the last two
years, two years and three months with
an alpha of 47%.
Okay? If you invest a million into the
S&amp;P, some index fund like everyone tells
you, you would have made 580,000 bucks
with us, you would have made 1.06
million from a million dollars. When you
look at other benchmarks, the S&amp;P not
looking much better, actually worse than
the NASDAQ, we have an alpha of 570,000
more he would have made on a million.
You know, I don't want to brag, but I
mean, look at it. The freaking Dow Jones
outperformed $750,000
over a million. You would have made
$310,000 with us. you would have made as
I said a million60,000 on a million on
Tesla my favorite benchmark we
outperformed Tesla itself of course
using Tesla I'm using Tesla to
outperform Tesla that's the magic trick
here by actually going in and out by
using margin by using options you know
the whole story
uh we outperformed Tesla with 45% okay
and I can go on and on you can do you
can compare us with MCI world a lot of
people use that thing. That's a mutual
fund. Very common. 55%. You would be
$550,000 richer with Pioneer Alpha.
$550,000 richer on a million. Uh and
then, okay, TSL. I don't even want to
know what happened there. Yeah. 107%
outperformance. So, if you use TSLL, the
ETF 2X Tesla, well, you would have made
negative.61%
over the last two years. Not too
impressive. And then you have RK
55%, Kathy Woods beaten by 55% and AQ,
they did pretty well. Oh yeah, they
outperformed us. So Kathy Wood, I beat
Kathy with 55%
more, but Kathy beats me on RQ
with 18%. Okay, sometimes I get
outperformed by Kathy, but if I
outperform her, it's
bloody.
Okay, so this is happening here and of
course I thought okay this is pretty
cool and then some people some of you
basically approached me uh I think three
six five six months ago uh I got the
first request like actually a bunch of
them if I can manage people's money and
I said oh I don't know that sounds like
stressful and I have my own money why
would I manage other people's money I
thought it through because it sounds if
I put in all this effort achieve great
performance. Sure, it would be a nice
thing to do so other people can also
make more money. But I played it through
and said, "Eh, I don't want to do a
fund. A fund is a lot of work, but for
what? Of course, I can make more money,
maybe, but I made enough money with
trading my own money." So, I thought
that's not worth it. That's a lot of
stress for what? Little money. So, I
didn't like that. But then then I had an
idea. One of the pro if not the biggest
problem of all
is this year.
And that didn't I was like what is
actually worth our time in pioneer
lands? What is worth my entrepreneurial
time? Not a stupid fund. No one wants a
fund. Like sure I could make everyone
money if and myself but I don't like it.
It's not worth it's not worth the whole
effort. But what is worth the effort
would be to find a way to financially
engineer a new product that can actually
turn this entire crazy upside of the AI
revolution into a more steady high
income.
As you all know, that is the talk of the
town. That's what everyone thinks about.
That is the big miracle humanity needs.
That is the big miracle pioneer needs.
And what does it mean? What's the
difference between steady high income
and high returns?
Well, I can tell you what the difference
is. Steady is the difference. Steady is
the difference.
So, let me show you something. What we
designed, I designed this thing. This is
actually the real return of the
reference benchmark we developed based
on the Pioneer Alpha portfolio. the blue
line since July 2025 when we actually
started the simulation and fine-tuning
this whole thing. It's a new financial
instrument and this new financial
instrument is a bond and this bond is
performance linked.
I'm not going to go into all the details
but this yellow line down here is 30%
keer. This yellow line represents 30%
return annually. The upper line
represents 45% annually return. And the
idea of this bond is very simple.
Can we force returns into a funnel? So
if the returns are actually higher than
45% ker, no one needs more than 45%
keer. By the way, if you make 45% a
year, you would be the richest man who
ever lived over time. No one ever did
that long term. So this is the cap. And
then the 30% is kind of the reference
benchmark.
And the question was, can we take these
returns from Pioneer Alpha and actually
construct financially engineer a bond
that keeps the returns in between? What
does it mean? What happens if we
actually exceed these returns? I can
tell you what happens. we have a buffer
because that's exactly what happened
here in September where we had very high
returns because that exactly happens and
these high returns then go into this
blue line which is a buffer and as you
see we nearly ex we nearly fully use the
buffer uh so the buffer when we perform
under 30% feeds back into the bond
that's why the bond never really goes
down as long as you have a buffer and
can keep above that 30% line
and the miracle we achieved here which
is a true engineering veh uh miracle. We
were able to deliver constant 30%
annualized returns throughout the last
what is this 9 months. Look at this.
Except for in the beginning when the
buffer was empty but even then it was
not very bad. The worst week we had was
like a 2.5% draw down. That was our
worst week. And every other week 0.27
2.8 8 0.5 0.5. Every single week, this
thing made money. If you compare this to
the benchmarks, you have it all prepared
here. Look at this. This is the S&amp;P,
right? So, the SM look the performance.
The S&amp;P is down. Here's Iraq and then
here's the recovery rally. But look at
the bond. Throughout the whole mess, the
bond kept making money. The reference
bond. So, isn't that beautiful? And if
you look at
ARC, look at this very extreme. ARC
outperformed in the beginning and then
totally crashed. Right? This is exactly
the difference here. You have complete
equity based volatility. The bond keeps
performing. If we can get outperformed
in the beginning, but when things go
bad, we keep performing.
That is this blue line you're seeing
here is an engineering marble where
Michael Sailor would be jealous. This is
a Michael Sailor level stuff here. So
maybe you you guys find this boring and
that's exactly the point. We want to be
boring. We want to be constant returns.
That's not a promise. That's an ambition
right of the engineer and so far it
worked beautifully and we have a good
buffet left. So that is basically what
I'm saying with this whole financial
instrument and we designed this as a
Luxembourg securitization vehicle. So
it's based in Luxembourg. It's available
to accredited investors in the United
States, qualified investors in Europe.
There's a 25,000 euro, Swiss Frank,
pound dollar minimum. So, we were able
to get this relatively low, but you need
to be qualified in each of these areas
like accredited in the US, qualified in
what is it qualified in the EU. I think
it's also qualified or professional in
Switzerland and in UK. So each of these
regions you need to see if you're
qualified. We have some check boxes and
checks. But if you are uh then you can
take a look at this whole thing. And
here is what I'm doing. Let's get to the
bet.
Here is my bet.
What I am doing because I'm all into my
bet is okay here. Let's go up here.
thousands have followed open for
investment directly linked to Pioneer
Alpha AI portfolio. You guys see this?
Yeah. And uh here's my commitment.
Here's what I'm going to do. I will
commit $1 million to this thing to the
bond
as I explained here. 8 But here comes
the important thing. 800,000 of that
will just be the bond, right? So I'm the
normal investor. So let's say we raise
2.4 million. I will be then 30% of the
investors. If you raise 8 million, I'm
going to be 10%.
We won't be too much because we have to
close this very quickly now in 10 days
or something. Uh because we want to move
on and there are more series coming and
all kinds of stuff and we want to get
this institutionalized actually going.
So we build a track record. I don't want
to wait too long.
But very important, 200,000 of that
million committed is actually a reserve
buffer. And now guys, you have to
understand what I'm doing here. The
200,000 reserve buffer,
they go into the portfolio, but they are
reserved for feeding that portfolio if
it does not perform at 30%.
In other words, the 800,000 I put in are
at risk. If we lose money on the
portfolio, I lose money. The 200,000 are
literally a bet. the 200,000 I bet that
we perform at a minimum at 30% keer and
if we don't which could of course happen
if we don't I will lose the money
because the money will be taken from me
from the reserve buffer and given to the
investors to prop up these returns.
You understand? If you have 2 million in
this and we make 20% in year one, we
will missing we're missing 10%, we're
missing 200,000. We'll take that 200,000
and boom, it's given to that portfolio
and it's poof gone for me. Of course, I
get some of it because I own pieces of
the portfolio depending on my share. But
that I will definitely not make money on
this thing.
That is my bet
because I think we can. I can't
guarantee it, but that's why I'm betting
the money. So, there you have it. And
you will be able to follow this whole
thing, right? You will be able to follow
this whole thing and see what happens.
Uh, and
I think, uh, it's worth, you know, it's
it's a good bet. I really like it
because there's not much I can do to
trick this thing other than to
outperform
And why I'm doing this because I think
we can. I think it's a very important
endeavor here, not just to make money,
but to actually do something incredibly
important
exactly this year to turn the AI
revolution into steady high income.
And I tell you guys, most people in
finance don't even understand what I'm
doing here because they think the wrong
way. They think as greedy little
piggies. They think, "Oh, I want to rip
people off. I want to make fees. I want
to make these funds. I'm not interested
in that. What I want to do is I want to
build the infrastructure, the financial
infrastructure that solves the biggest
problem of our time. That biggest
problem of our time is how we can
actually turn the AI revolution into
steady high income for potentially
everyone. And no one is really working
on that because the only people who
could be working on it are too greedy.
They don't want to do that.
And I think this is very important. We
need to stabilize and buffer out the
volatility of that crazy thing. You know
all about Tesla. You know what Nvidia,
you know what Micron Technologies, you
know what Palendia, micro strategy and
Bitcoin. This is all fun and games.
But the first time your stock crashes
50% and you have to explain to your
wife, where's our millions of dollars?
It's just not fun. It is good if you
have too much money and you can put it
all high risk like Chris Camilo says
you're crazy I lose it all uh portfolio
which often makes more money than
anything else by the way but only long
term but most people can't do that they
need income
and so this is our way of contributing
to that most important endeavor that
most people don't even work on and I
think we can win and if you do this it's
going to be the biggest financial
infrastruure structure the biggest
financial product that was ever invented
on the face of the earth. That's exactly
what we are trying to do here. So I hope
that was interesting.
Let's see. Are there any questions here?
Oh, a lot. Let's see. Quantine. Yes,
exactly. Quantin. That was quite
something.
Is quite something.
uh Germany creating alpha. Can you talk
what happened to the biotech? You raised
20 million. Well, that was that's a
different story. Uh we made a lot of
money throughout COVID, but that also
put a lot of stress on the company.
Robots increased GDP.
Uh exactly $1 million. Groovy. That is
true. Tesla won't hit 500 before end of
this before end of this month.
That's probably true.
So, some options. Everyone should Google
Joe for biotech.
Any interest in 410 strike price?
410 strike price for June 2027.
Uh
I don't know what the premium on this is
right now. I'm playing this mostly
through short in the money puts right
now because I don't like this.
Uh what if losses in the year exceeds
the 200,000 buffer? Well, it's not even
losses in the year. Uh of course, if we
can lose money on this whole thing,
there's no doubt, right? If we miss
that, then everyone loses money,
including me. But I'm losing the 200,000
not if we lose money. I'm losing it if
we don't make 30%. That's very
important. So, anything below 30% return
eats the buffer away.
The new Gary Black, I I don't think so.
Uh, new scam. Well, you guys have to
understand one thing. I don't like
scams. I'm I'm bigly opposed to scams. I
think it's a disease,
especially in America, that everyone
thinks everyone else is a scammer and
that they're actually too many scammers.
And I have a very simple business model
here. What if we are not a scam? Because
if you look at most funds and most
financial instruments are actually kind
of scammy, you know, even though the
ones that are legitimate, there is like
a scammy taste to this whole thing. And
I tell you guys, one of the biggest
business models is just don't do it.
Why?
Who is the bear? I think the bear is a
little uh
annoying.
The bear.
Any more questions? We have more stuff
to talk about today.
But uh
while Tesla is completely disrupting one
of the largest markets on the planet, we
are here counting individual robo taxis.
Thought that was somehow funny. Well, we
have to the robo taxis are the key. I
have a
I have Yeah, the bear was just the bear.
He was a little scammer himself. Explain
the mechanics.
Well, I have another video out and you
can also go to the website and check out
the terms, but the mechanics I will not
go too deep into the mechanics. there
will be a buffer uh and that buffer
uh basically gets filled when we exceed
30% and that that be filled every
quarter is a settlement date uh where we
actually see if in that quarter we
exceeded 30%
uh and then half of the excess over 30%
can go into the buffer and 100% over 45%
goes into the buffer and then it gets
fed back into the bond if we
underperform from that buffer. If the
buffer gets eaten up and we don't make
30% then you actually don't make 30%.
And the buffer gets prefilled with
200,000.
Time horizon is three years.
So for Americans there will be an option
to because it will go through a feeder
LLC. So there will be an option if you
if if there's an investor in the feeder
LLC that is a special purpose vehicle
that just acquires these Luxembourg
bonds for everyone who has shares in the
LLC. So it's kind of a pass through
vehicle. Uh but you can basically also
tell the manager of the LLC you want to
sell before the three years. So
three-year maturity of the bond, LLC
buys the bonds in the US. That's a
mechanism for US investors. And if you
want to get out of the LCB4, you can
tell the manager, okay, I want to sell
my shares. And the manager is then going
to try to find someone who wants to buy
the shares for whatever they are worth
based on the bonds.
I Joe will be the chance for us who does
not have 25k single loving father of 11
years of twin. That's so cute. Tahoe,
are you in Tahoe? Uh I can't talk too
much about that. Uh but we are working
on more things coming up. Yes. Uh but
there are regulations around what I can
say and what not. But uh of course this
is a long-term strategy and as quickly
as possible, we want to make it more
accessible.
Uh what do you think of robo taxi
expansion to Dallas and Houston? Well, I
have a video recorded. My editor is on
it. Maybe it comes out today. So, just
stay tuned. I cover that whole thing
because I think it's potentially huge.
But there's a lot to say about this. I
think we basically now entering this
thing where we could go to the moon.
Uh what is that? It's not a stunt, guys.
You can download the terms. This is
definitely not a stunt. And you can
follow me. I'm also on YouTube. So,
stunts are very difficult to pull off if
you're public.
Tesla is moving only a couple model
years and no cyber caps in tiny gezones
in Houston and Dallas to create type for
the earnings call announcing nothing
would have been better. I disagree. I
think we are on to something with Tesla,
but you have to be cautious of course
because
um
you never know when the inflection
happens. But in my opinion, we are now
in a territory where this inflection can
actually happen
and
uh there's upside risk, right? So it
could take another six months, it could
take another nine months before we
scale. But it can also happen right
away.
So that is the challenge here when it
comes to trading this whole thing that
we have to be very smart in how we go
about this.
Pioneer lens we have to go to some
questions. Let's see if we have
questions today.
We just
Oh, we didn't update this. Oh yeah, we
have questions.
Oh my god, this is this is a difficult
question.
I think did we have this question last
time?
I think this is the question we need to
answer today.
Uh let's see.
Uh they will never just let the cyber
caps rotting somewhere until Christmas.
It is I am we we have to be cautious. I
think it is the start. It's a very big
deal.
And we have this question here from
Peter. You mentioned a month or so ago
you're out of leaps. I am still out of
leaps. recently you predict Tesla to go
to 500 plus without much of a catalyst.
No, I said 490 all-time highs. What I
said is when you look at the Tesla
chart, right, you see that we are
basically approaching all-time highs. Uh
not approaching all time that we were at
all-time highs December 16th, four four
months ago roughly. So why were we at
all-time highs? Well, because the market
was at all-time highs. It's again at
all-time highs in the market. Tesla is
lagging.
What happened to Tesla the company since
2000 since December 16th? Tesla is a
much better company. We have fulfilled
the promise of 14.3 FSD. We have
fulfilled robo taxi. We have now gone
all into AI5. I have a video coming out
also recorded today coming out probably
tomorrow on AI5 and what that actually
means. Tesla is going to be the largest
chip manufacturer in the world in a very
short period of time. Not with terra but
before in terms of number of chips
produced not in terms of beating
Nvidia's margin of course.
So
cyber cap scaling as planned FSD 14.3
slightly delayed but out AI5 done. These
are enormous achievements
that happened between now and back in
December 16th, all-time highs. That is
why I'm saying in my opinion, if the
market keeps being strong, we can go
back to all-time highs without a
catalyst. Okay, that is what's
happening. And that's why I'm so bullish
on Tesla right now. Really tactically
super bullish. On top of that, we have a
potential super catalyst coming up. If
Roboaxi scales, then we can go to
whatever to the moon. So that is a
beautiful setup. Right now we have to
watch Iran and what's happening because
you know the straight is closed again
because what was it? The US actually
decided to not open the blockade which
is weird. That's basically violation in
my opinion of the ceasefire. So Iran
then attacked the ship and says no now
we are closing this trade. Now Trump
just said
oh we are going to go back to Pakistan
to have more negotiations which is very
bullish again. So we have bearish impact
trade is closed. Very bad for the
markets. Then Trump today is saying oh
but we are going back to Pakistan
negotiating. Very good for markets. So
what happens tomorrow? I don't know. The
markets probably won't react much in my
opinion.
Um you know my opinion. I think Iran is
over. I took a very clear stance on
this. I think Iran is over which is a
very important call from my side which
means very important. If I'm right it's
super bullish. If I'm wrong we get hit.
So it is very important to form an
opinion on macro on Iran. But I think
all signs are this is over. Trump cannot
afford this conflict to continue. And I
think it's over. That's what I think. We
still have to watch out. You know, being
wrong is very expensive. But if Iran is
over, then Tesla would be in an
incredibly bullish situation. But as we
have seen over the last few days, you
cannot miss out on these runs, right? We
can be in 490 in 3 days. Don't forget we
are very close. We are only 90 away from
490,
right? That is only 20% up.
That happens in 4 days. Could happen.
Could also not happen. But what I'm
saying is you can't miss out these runs.
So okay because if we go to 490 without
robotexi scaling much more then it's
time to sell some you know covered calls
potentially because then we are probably
going to drop back. So right now it's a
goldilocks moment because both tactical
technical rebounds to 490 are very
likely plus we have constantly this robo
taxi there uh scaling option. Once we
had 490 things get much more risky
because then we are solely dependent on
this hard catalyst actually. So there
there you have it. That's the situation.
So is that the right time to get into
leaps?
It's a good question because I have two
instruments at my disposal.
The reason we have alpha roll
strategies, leaps, right?
The reason we have these alpha role
o lightestifil
says Iran just reject the second round
of negotiations. Let's see. Iran is also
not in the strongest. I think both the
US and Iran are not in the strongest
position but
uh Joe doesn't like spending money so he
has no car. That's right. I right now I
don't have cars a car because I'm
uh moving too much.
Uh do you drive a Tesla? No, but I'm
surrounded by Teslas. They will never
just let the cyber cap. Okay. So, okay.
Here's my take on this whole situation.
What do you do in a situation like this
where you're super bullish? You have two
options. Well, I have two options.
I'm not telling you guys what to do.
This is all very dangerous. I like leaps
in very specific situations. I like
leaps
when the stock is clearly massively
undervalued.
And we have likely a runup coming up in
the next few months. But also we still
have downside risks that is significant.
The advantage of leaps versus the other
option I'm going to explain in a second
that I use that I use actually right now
instead of leaps. The the advantage of
leaps over the second option, no pun
intended, is that leaps don't put you in
any kind of margin problematic. Yeah,
problem. So, if you're wrong on the
tactics of the move, you buy leaps and
then the stock drops another 20%. Who
cares? Yeah, you lose massive amounts
paper value, but you're not getting
killed because there's no margin
required.
So, that's pretty good. So, leaps give
you downside buffer.
uh but they have one disadvantage of
course that they eat up time value and
they have limited
leverage because they're also expensive
depending what you buy.
So
that's what you have to understand. The
other option that is much more brutal
but gives you enormous upside is short
in the money puts.
Right? Instead of buying long-term
calls, you can also buy short-term puts
and put them relatively deep in the
money. So if 400 you you're selling 410
420 puts weekly
and then if something happens, if you
have a big run, you can also add more to
them, right? For if you sell 410, I have
a bunch I have a good chunk through
earnings. That's actually my strategy
because you get so much premium. I'm
selling 410 puts.
Risky. You have to know exactly what you
do and you need to size that exactly
because earnings can always drop the
stock by 5% or something and then you're
back to 380. And can you survive that?
That's the question because that hits
your margin hard. But the advantage of
these puts are that they give you
enormous money to the upside
much more than the calls. Right? Right?
If you have 10 puts or 20 puts or
whatever put contracts versus 20 call
contracts, of course the puts give you
much more money because they churn
through this entire thing brutally. Uh
they have the premium. So if you sell
410 puts, they probably give you
whatever they give you right now, 15
bucks for this Friday, maybe 16 bucks,
17 bucks. So you get $7 free, which is a
lot.
So even if Tesla would crash seven bucks
in earnings, you still make money. So
that's crazy. Uh the disadvantage of
leaps of course, especially right now
before earnings is you get this hit
every time you have earnings. If if your
LEAP is five earnings out or six
earnings out, these earnings have all
volatility built in. So if you go
through earnings with your LEAPS, you
just take out one six or one of your
entire volatility premium of these
earnings, which is a lot. So the puts
give you free premium, the calls cost
you premium. Short puts much more
premium efficient than long calls of
course.
So what is the main disadvantage of
these short puts? I mean you guys know
all about it. If you do short puts,
you're at high risk for downside, right?
You get destroyed if it goes wrong. So
you have to be a little cautious.
Do you think we will have substantial
income from at least one city by June of
2027?
Well, Harry, good question.
Uh, I'm planning to sell long sell long
puts. What do you mean long puts for
rest of this month? You So, you're
selling puts?
I don't know what long puts selling long
puts is confusing.
What is it? Downside risk over upcoming
earnings. Well, there's always I don't
think there's too much downside risk to
be honest. Like what I mean this is such
a story stock at this point. The actual
earnings don't matter too much. I think
downside risk is really mitigated to 5%
or something because why would it drop
more unless they say something
incredibly stupid which they won't. So I
think the downside risk is also very
limited. I think you know the most
likely outcome I think there's always
upside risk is much stronger than
downside risk if Elon says something
crazy bullish but most likely earnings
you know are like a no like a nonmover I
think that's the most likely we're going
up or down 1% or something premium
distraction
do you think we will have substantial
income from at least one city by June of
2027 I don't think that matters too
I think once FSD really works and we
start the roll out of unsupervised
uh we will have
you know once we hit this 10,000 robo
taxes or something first of all then you
have very substantial income and it
doesn't even matter too much once you
really start scaling this things to
thousands and tens of thousands the
stock will go to a thousand I'm very
convinced of that
uh so the question is more will it
That's the question we have to ask. Will
it or not?
So
that is my situation. But I'm very, you
know, I have to tell you guys one story.
Market Wizards, the best book you should
read if you're into trading. Market
Wizards is a book. There are two books
on this where a dude who always wanted
to be a trader never really made it
interviews the world's best traders like
the not institutional people but people
who are actually good at this stuff and
they always trade just their money and
they tell them the story
and there's one story of this one guy in
the crash 2008 crash and he recalls that
that this guy told his friend oh I'm all
in or I'm super exposed Friday on Friday
night he couldn't sleep because he knew
Monday the markets are opening and it's
going to be a disaster and he was super
scared and he was going to lose all his
money and then the market actually went
down whatever 9% or 10% some crazy black
Monday situation and then he called this
friend up on Monday night and said go
are you okay are you going to you know
kill yourself and the guy said no I'm
actually very okay because over the
weekend instead of like watching my
position and being attached to it and
clinging to my position, I realized it's
just game over. This is like the end of
the world.
And so he flipped his entire position to
short and made a killing.
And so that mental flexibility is very
important when it comes to these
tactical options things. So when I'm
telling you I'm into short puts in the
money, I have to watch the situation and
I might switch to leaps, right? It
depends. But my instinct is I want to
not hold leaps through earnings. This is
just a complete burn of premiums that I
don't like. But once the earnings are
over next week,
I will look at leaps very strongly as
the president says, right? I think then
it's leap time. I just don't like leaps
right now. I rather have short puts
because if you if you have short puts
the odds that earnings
lead to a massive runup leaps would be
better for a massive runup but the odds
that the the earnings are again like a
non-event
I think are higher than not.
Here's how I see it. I think there is a
60% chance the earnings are total
non-event like plus minus 1%.
And then there is a 30% chance or 20%
chance maybe that we have a strong runup
which is bad for short puts. I mean you
still make a lot of money but if we go
to 430 after earnings
it's a little high but who knows. If you
go to 430 after earnings and you sold
410 puts you're missing out right? You
get 17 bucks
but you could have gotten much more.
And then there is like a small risk that
it's disappointing and we go down 5%.
And then
if it stays even, short puts are a
complete winner, right? That's what you
want. Uh you can do the math, right? If
I'm selling 410 short puts, my ideal
outcome is 410 obviously. But if you go
to if you stay at 400 flat or go
slightly up, that's also a total win for
the short puts. And there's a loss for
the leaps. Even if you go to 410, might
be a loss for the leaps. It's a win for
the leaps. If you go to 430, then the
leaps win over the short puts. But
that's the only scenario where they win
over short puts. If you go down, now
that's bad for the short puts, but it's
even worse for the leaps. Do you
understand? You have to always when it
comes to options,
the best way to think about options is
what is the position you're envisioning?
What is the alternative position? Should
you buy 10 contracts leaps or should you
sell 10 contracts puts in the money? And
people always get confused like, oh blah
blah blah and and deltas and betas and
all kinds of stuff, gamas. Just think
about outcomes. Just think about, okay,
what happens if Tesla goes to 410 after
earnings? What happens if it goes to
400? What happens if it goes to 390,
380, 420, 430?
Where am I at with these positions? And
if you do that, I don't do that anymore
formally because I just know it. But if
you go to 430, leaps were the winner.
But everything below 430, the short puts
are the winner. Unless it goes to 350,
then puts kill you. So that's what you
have to consider. And in my opinion, the
risk of going below 385 in earnings is
just incredibly low. Incredibly low. The
risk that we are going to 430 or more
pretty low, not as low, but also low.
The odds that we are staying exactly
where we are going into earnings is the
highest. The odds that we go slightly
higher
is the second highest. The odds that we
go slightly lower is the third highest.
So in all these scenarios, I win with
short puts over LEAPS. Now once earnings
are over,
then it gets more tricky. Then leaps
might make sense. Leaps are beautiful
when we think, okay, now we in the range
of this crazy runup that might be
coming. We are in a threemonth range of
a real runup. Leaps are basically very
good when there's a major runup because
major runups are hard to capture with
short puts because short puts you want
to be close to the money. You don't want
to sell a 490 shortput because that puts
a lot of that's effectively taking on
the stock on margin and that's just
annoying and risky. So my shortput
strategy is always to build in
significant free premium buffer. That's
that's what wins, right? Always like
five 10 bucks of free premium because
then you constantly make money and you
buy that buffer of free premium by being
relatively close to the money.
And the deal with the devil here is that
if you have a major runup, you are
getting stressed out because you're
losing out on all this upside
because you had the money. So your puts
just can't make that much money. And so
if you have a major run up from 420 to
600 or something
and you're in leaps, you just completely
win.
So that's kind of what you have to
consider. I just don't like the earning
situation for LEAPS.
Is your goal not to get assigned? Yes. I
never I never want to get assigned. If I
get assigned, I just sell the shares
immediately.
My entire short put strategy or short
call is never to get any assignment.
Uh I never want to get assigned. Uh if I
want to have more stocks, I buy more
stocks.
LEAP trading is a long-term equity.
Yeah, LEAPS just mean call options. You
go long calls and the only difference,
the only specific here is that LEAPS are
long running calls. So, you know, calls
that expire in 18 months or more. I
don't even like 12 months. there's too
much time decay. So 18 months or more,
that's ideally a leap.
I have a short puts.
Is that even legal? What is what's not
legal?
Odds are that the earnings result in
nothing or a drop. Yes, exactly. Well, I
would say these earnings are more likely
to result in nothing or in a little bit
up and then third a drop. This time it's
a little reversed, but neither up nor
drop. Very likely to be large.
What is legal?
I still have questions. Yes, I'm playing
the wheel. So I'm fine with getting
assigned to buy and I sell my imaginary
shares on margin and collect more
premium. Yes. Okay. So we have more
questions.
Let's go to the questions here. Do we
know how Elon will make ASML deliver?
Huh?
Well, that's a very complicated
question. Mo, there we have a German
from Pioneer Lands. Michael Sullivan
Anastasia Nova just made a video reveal
Oh, she's great by the way, revealing
three important numbers based upon
whatever Nvidia is getting out of TSMC.
A normal normal FAB with 15 to 20 ASML
machines can produce about 40 gawatt per
year. So we need so we do need 375 to
550 machines where ASML is is as of now
turnurning out just 50 per year
scale their business up. Well first of
all I don't think that is true. We have
to consider that Nvidia
has probably something much more
complicated than Tesla needs. So I don't
know exactly how this translates into
ASML FAP
uh capacity
but as a general rule the genius here
the genius is that we are talking about
vertically integrated inference stacks
to just give you a feel for it. I forgot
the exact numbers, but um if you have
chips, for example, that have burned the
LLM on the chip, they can be like 10,000
times more efficient than Nvidia. 10,000
times more tokens per energy
just to for you guys to understand what
what is put what's possible with having
more dedicated vertical stacks. So if
you burn the LLM the the actual model
onto the chip you have a massive
explosion of capability but of course
the chip is then completely locked right
for the model. So that's what on one
extreme of this uh of the scale on the
other extreme you have Nvidia which can
do everything with a chip. So it's a
universal chip even training
and I assume and Tesla is clearly in the
middle because Tesla only wants
inference right this is a whole hack
that Elon has that he can build
vertically integrated inference only
chips or stacks with model optimization
all kinds of stuff on it and that
creates enormous
efficiencies
and can beat Nvidia effectively because
the use case is much more narrow. Now,
I'm sure I would guarantee that this
also translates into much more effective
use of the ASML machines. So, you can't
just translate this one to oneonone. But
I don't know what the ratio is. I don't
know if if it's, you know, if it gets
you twice as much as Nvidia out of a
TSMC
capacity or four times or a thousand
times or what just 10%. I don't know
exactly. I just know it's much more.
Um so we have to see how this goes. Um
and in general it's a good question.
It's a very good question. Uh how this
bottleneck upstream bottleneck is being
resolved with ASML.
I don't have a full answer but I can
just guarantee you that this calculation
is overestimating how much ELO needs
because of that simplification that we
have.
So, let's see.
Do you sell weekly options? Yes, I'm
totally into weekly options.
Joe, quick summary of alpha next week.
You mean of alpha results or the
structure? Shomsky.
Uh, what options mistakes did you make
early in your career? Oh, that's a long
story.
I can tell you what I I've made many
mistakes.
So, I tell you the problem with options.
With options, it's extremely easy once
you start doing options.
It's extremely easy to make a lot of
money. That is the secret with options.
Extremely easy to make a lot of money,
but it's extremely hard to not lose that
money down the line. And that is the
typical experience of most people I know
who get into options that you know
initially like oh I had 100,000 now I
have a million now I have 2 million I
have 8 million.
Yeah. And then you you are completely in
the in you know you're you're in the in
the zone.
But the problem is you don't understand
the risk you're actually taking and then
next thing you know you wake up and your
8 million turn into zero. I'm not even
kidding. This happens to basically
everyone.
And so you're going in the right for of
your life and then you lose it all. That
happened to me twice. Can you even
imagine that? A long time ago. And so I
learned my lesson. You have to not give
in to the temptation.
You have to basically look through all
that noise and stuff and you have to
only see it's like the matrix. At some
point you see the matrix. You only see
the numbers. You don't see the fake
anymore. So I'm never tempted by any
options. I'm never tempted by this stuff
anymore. The only thing I see is my
prediction of reality and my prediction
of the stock price. You have to
completely look through all the options.
You have to say all of that stuff
doesn't matter. The only thing I focus
on is Tesla or Nvidia or Micro Strategy,
whatever my underlying is. I spot an
opportunity and say I am quite sure this
stock is going to go up or down or
whatever
based on what I know about the stock,
the technicals, the fundamentals and
most importantly the m macro situation.
The markets the marks are very important
with this
and then I measure like how clear do I
see the opportunity? What is my level of
confidence on that? What is the risk
scenarios around the stock movement?
It's all about the stock. It's all about
what is my confidence that I'm sure
Tesla will do something next week to the
downside, the upside or to no side.
And I got very good at that. I just know
exactly what I know. I know exactly my
confidence level. I know exactly how
much I know that. And only then when I
have a clear thesis for this week and
sometimes I have a thesis for the next
three months, right? That's why we talk
about these probabil probabilistic
layers of robo taxi.
Once you have a clear vision and thesis
of your stock, you need to have one any
stock as a reference. You need to have
high confidence in something,
right? Don't force it. Don't if you ask
me like but where will Tesla be next
week? It's like maybe I know, maybe I
don't know. You have to assess do I know
that this week or not? This week I'm
quite sure that the downside is limited
that the upside has a long tail risk
that it goes very high but not likely
and the most likely is it stays kind of
flat and just hovers around.
That is clear for these earnings because
how would it even drop a lot? Of course
you have to overlay Iran, right? You
have to overlay macro. That is the one
thing that could drop it a lot. But on
on Iran, I'm also pretty sure right now
at least that no one can afford an
escalation. Even Iran doesn't really
want to escalate anymore and Trump for
sure can't afford it. There's always
risk. Let's watch it. But that's what
I'm thinking. So, so I have a high
confidence that the drop cannot be too
great. And if that's true,
you can take on some risk for short
puts, right? So once you have your clear
view of the stock and you decide you
have a clear view,
then you can structure your option
strategy around that potential outcome
in these scenarios. That's how that's
why I'm a very unusual options trader
because I'm not an options trader. I
just understand options very very well.
I have a very strong intuition on option
pricing which sounds like stupid but you
need it right because there's so many
opportunities that I have a very good
quantitative intuition what I need to do
if I assume a certain outcome but the
way I'm I'm using options I'm deploying
options is always based on a clear view
of the stock and then the options are
just a tool right so I never care about
the options themselves I'm just okay if
that is the outcome and here's the
probabilistic the basian layers for the
other scenarios how do I then model the
options around it to harvest the most
alpha with the best risk
BTC is crashing now
well falling below 400 is not very hard
for Tesla it is at 400 uh is it crashing
not crashing ing. Uh, Bitcoin is at
74,87.
So, it's down 1.29% for one day.
It's up 0.9% over 5 days. So, it's not
crashing. I wouldn't call this crashing,
but yeah, it's going down. Let's see. I
think it's a little unclear. I have to
read the latest on Iran. Last thing I
heard is that Trump was reiterating that
he wants to meet in Pakistan again which
is positive.
Closing of trade was negative. And now
something else happens.
Hello from Europe, not Jupiter's moon.
Oh, the other Europe. Very good.
Regarding ASML shortage, this is another
benefit to partnership with Intel. They
can leverage Intel's ability to get
those limited ASML. Well,
maybe I think there are many
opportunities with Intel, but uh Tesla
has a lot of leverage too
with weekly and 45day income option
strategies is mostly just doing the
rational thing and not losing lots when
you chicken out.
I don't like 45 like you know because
the world is very crazy and I don't like
to be locked in with any kind of short
you know I don't want to have any 45day
bets. I either have 18 months bets
because that's easy or weekly bets
because that's easy to
uh pivot. I use the BTX trender and
Joe's predictions to decide what weekly
and 45day options to sell. Interesting.
I mean, the BTX trender was definitely
not in line with me and I was more right
over the last week. Much more right on
Tesla, but it's good to blend like
different things. The BTX trend is a
little lagging in my opinion.
I'm here today break even on rolling my
three put shorts even the bare market we
had yeah exactly Marco Yolo very
interesting even if you're short puts in
this bad bare market you can still be
break even right exactly if you do it
right
hi from UK do you think it's time to
open a position on strid
stretch what is I was confused is it
stretch this is like given the clarity
act is about to face do you do you mean
MSTR like micro strategy or SGRG is like
the lower yield preferred. I know
stretch but not
this one. I I am into micro strategy. I
think yes absolutely but I'm going into
common
I think Intel is OD strategy but I'm not
sure they have two nanometer
resolution with terap
check here check the Czech Republic a
beautiful place
uh big event at Tesla on 420 this Monday
yes
strategy I'm totally strategy is My
third largest position, Nvidia larger,
but I like strategy more. And then of
course Tesla by far the largest.
I have a little bit of Robin Hood, too.
That does pretty well right now.
Uh BTX trender is lagging, but it's good
for deciding when to enter into selling
calls and puts. Yeah, I think it's
cannot hurt. I think BTX trend is always
interesting to watch.
Um,
I'm not against it. Uh, we have a 420
event.
Do you consider technicals with your
stock thesis when selling options? I
mean, you have to be very cautious with
technicals. It's mostly astrology, but
I'm always watching it. And
you know, technicals tell you some
things. You just have to understand what
they fundamentally mean. Like what is
the fundamental backing of technicals
actually? For example, if Tesla goes to
490 all-time highs, we know that the
market has appetite for Tesla based on
fantasies and not facts up to 490. So
then you can reason, well, if if the
market has appetite up to 490 when it's
in a good mood for Tesla fantasies and
now we have more evidence that these
fantasies actually become true, then it
can easily go back to 490 if the market
is also at alltime highs. That's how I
use technicals.
or with Bitcoin
if you look at the chart I mean there's
some logic to it if it bottoms out at
64,000 and that is exactly where before
there was like a little flatline then
you know okay it's probably some you
know secret mechanism behind the scenes
that keeps it roughly there or as
resistance so these things are real you
just have to be cautious because they're
weak real right they can at any point
get overridden so
I my own way of viewing technicals where
I'm like very cautious not overdo all
these crazy charts. I just look at the
chart. It's like well what would your
intuition tell you if you understand
that all these resistance levels are
actually real you know market behavior
behind it like how many people buy and
sell and are willing to buy and are
willing to sell and then when you
combine it with fundamentals I think
these certain levels can tell you
something and it's basically you have to
always approach it with a basian brain
it's like well I just store it as a
potential basian probability that is
added
That's what's happening.
Okay, what else do we have going on? We
don't have too many questions. I we
don't have four questions because I
actually responded to these two, but I
forgot to
uh we had this last Sunday.
I forgot to clean them out. Oh, now we
get to the most important thing.
Uh,
with all that $1 million bet, I want to
tell you guys more about Dropne. Do we
even are we even ready to launch this?
Uh, I think so. We should be ready. You
can go here. We actually launching.
Let's click user so you guys don't see
all the back end.
Uh, oh,
user doesn't work yet.
We have an agent system. We are bringing
open claw and making it yeah it works
and we are making it accessible to
everyone. You will get some if you're a
citizen of pioneer lens we will give you
free tokens even though we have to pay
for it but in your citizen fee we
include some tokens and what drought is
and you see where you get you go to
pioneer lands and then you have drought
here. Dropne is the magic ring of Odin
that multiplies every week for free. So
that is what it is. Uh we gave it some
Nordic names here. We can upgrade this
at some point. But this is a new agent
system because it's actually not easy to
install open claw and get it all done.
It's very confusing and you know it's a
little we want to give you guys a system
where you can just jump on and start
working and you can buy more credits. I
hope here. Exactly. You can buy more
credits if you want. It's more or less a
pass through with a little bit of we're
taking a little fee on top of it to pay
our people who have to handle all your
stuff. But for citizens, you will get
some free tokens. If you don't, then
message us. This is still very beta and
so there might be issues. But I just
wanted everyone to have the ability to
actually experience these agents because
if you use Claude or Grock or whatever,
you have no idea how extremely powerful
these agents are.
And these agents are using also Claude,
you can we will here we have God mode
and then we have training mode. So God
mode for those of you who are technical,
God mode is actually clawed very
expensive for us. That's why your tokens
get eaten up in god mode much more.
Training mode are some other models
including deepseek that are much
cheaper. So they eat up less tokens. So
basically you can get used to the system
with training mode. But once you have
your mission ready, switch to god mode,
spend more tokens and you get the
problem solved. Now agents, I don't know
how much everyone knows about agents.
They're like a miracle. They can do
anything. They can edit your videos.
They can build your investment banking
sheets. They can do your taxes. They can
do all kinds of things that normally
can't because agents are basically
intell more intelligent and have meta
cognition, right? They're like clawed
but they are digesting everything and
they're directing Claude and they're
managing that to the goal. And we have
different agents here and we will cover
this now every week because this is a
complex product. I just believe it's the
ultimate empowerment for pioneer lands
for the pioneers because now you can do
it whatever you want. We have a legal
expert, product and strategy, general
assistant, data and strategy. This is
finance. We have writing and content
research analysis coding and
engineering. Uh so I can just recommend
especially the citizens who get free
tokens to just try it out and see what
happens and that helps us debug it. You
can always talk to us here and I'm very
excited about it. The team is now using
this. So we are fine-tuning it. It will
be very interesting.
What is going to happen with Dropne?
Thank you. Two thou ZH2000
USA. That's a hard to pronounce name,
but I appreciate it. Uh yeah, thank you
guys.
Um,
I have to go. Boys are waiting for me.
Tao Rock, great to meet you. Uh, yeah,
you guys should check out Drop Near and
Pioneer Alpha. And
um, this is going to be very exciting. I
tell you, there's a huge revolution
going on with AI. These agents are
absolutely mind-boggling. Here we have a
system that's a one-click system for the
pioneers to just use agents without
having to install all that stuff. Uh
let's see how it goes. I really am
looking forward to your feedback. Like
I'm sure there will be bugs and all
kinds of issues, but you will have our
full attention here because no one uses
it right now. I'm just launching it as
we speak. I have to check with Alex if
it's actually even open, but try it out
and let us know. If not, we will make it
open. And if you don't have any tokens
and you're a citizen, that's a bug, then
let us know. I will talk to Alex. We
have to fine tune this.
And I tell you, it's a total revolution.
This these things can do anything. I
tell you, you have to push them. You
tell them what you want. If you have any
Excel chart stuff, I mean, I just did a
Tesla investment banking model. I used
my model and reformatted it. Crazy.
We're now hiring people to actually work
with the agents to get all kinds of
stuff done. Video editing, short
editing, investment banking models,
stock models. I mean, it's a whole
different ball game, I tell you. So,
looking forward to your feedback.
You can always DM me on X.
Leave your comments and the future will
be great. Thank you so much for
watching. Uh, test out Dropne at
pioneerlands.org.
It's down here. Uh, go to
pioneeralpha.org
if you want to know more about the
pioneer bond and my bet
and uh
and uh then we will go from here. So
hope that was interesting. See you very
soon and enjoy your beautiful Sunday.
Apps using both codecs and cloud code
one runs out of token. Another one
continues. They share the same source
code. Pretty cool.
Absolutely.
See you guys until next week in the Pine
Academy.
Bye-bye.