Channel:     futureaza
Title:       Why Tesla Semi Is Pulling Ahead of Competitors
URL:         https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4hPXDYdM7WA
Published:   2026-06-24 12:00 UTC
Fetched:     2026-06-24 13:00 UTC

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

I do love that uh they went ahead and
called their concrete pump specialist
the puttsmeister. Uh I'm I feel like
that's what your competitors would call
it, but
&gt;&gt; that is marketing, my friend, right
there at the putts.
&gt;&gt; That is
Tesla Semi news this week. Yeah, we got
some maybe we don't have drone footage
and by maybe I mean we definitely do
not. But what we have is all kinds of
stories from around the world covering
not just Tesla, but other electric
trucking companies as well, both in the
US and China. Heck, let's throw in
Europe for good measure. By way of
China, it's an indirect route, but we'll
get there. I'm joined as usual on semi
topics by Mark from the Tesla Life. We
are going to have some fun. We've got
some comments to get through, some
answers to provide. I'm Brian. Welcome
to Futurasa.
Guys, if you haven't checked out the
Tesla Life, you are missing out. My
goodness. Every Wednesday live at 400 PM
Pacific, 700 p.m. Eastern with Casey
Patrick and sometimes a special guest.
Who knows, once in a while it's even me.
Uh, but often when I'm not there, I'm
there in spirit or rather the chat. They
do the chat,
&gt;&gt; which can be troublesome at certain
times.
There are times when I will make a
comment knowing darn well they will see
it and not put it on the screen
&gt;&gt; and then I wait because there's a lag
and it has to land and then usually
Casey sees it first. Sometimes Patrick.
Anyway, hey, this is what we do. For
those who haven't watched this
particular installment, this uh this
series that we're doing on this channel,
every pretty much every week, uh we do a
uh feature where we ask you to comment.
Comments last week were mandatory. This
week they are also mandatory or as I
called it then mandatory. Uh it's uh
we'll get into that as well. And then we
ask you for your wrong answers only on
some particular topic. We'll get to
that. Uh the wrong answers are the best
part of the show. So, let's just get
into it. What we've got here is the
start of all the news. Look at that.
Tesla to build preassembled mega
chargers for Tesla Semi. They didn't
announce this, but we found this. So,
what why why bother? Why bother? because
of course uh the pre-production of uh
charging units has been Tesla's secret
sauce to build uh locations quicker to
get them deployed to get them turned on
because they are able to do some of the
pre-existing wiring uh so when it gets
to a site there's less connections less
red tape to deal with and the utility is
quite happy to hook them up a little bit
quicker so this is exactly uh what
they're going to be doing with the Tesla
Mega Chargers no the question.
&gt;&gt; So when I say why bother, what you hear
me say is this is the opposite of a
bother. This is cutting out a lot of
bother. You can control your uh
workflow. You can control your timing
and your staffing at a factory in ways
you can't do in the field. And we've
seen a lot of superchargers that would
go in in 24 to 48 hours. The site's
prepped. Let us know when it's prepped.
We'll ship it out. Comes off a truck and
you're done. So, uh, yeah, that's what
we're talking about here. Uh, this is
interesting. Tesla semi-potted with
autonomous validation equipment. I don't
see any spots, but okay. As the
automaker prepares the truck for FSD, we
knew this was coming. What does this
mean?
&gt;&gt; This means uh that Tesla is starting to
confirm road position with the cameras
in their vehicles. They're starting to
look at automation. uh that will come at
some point in the future. Not just
they're not telling us when uh but in
the even in the beginning there was talk
of convoy mode when the semi was first
introduced. So we've known that
autonomous driving will be coming to the
semi. It's just a question of when and
how quickly they will introduce it. This
is showing some confirmation of where
that truck sits on the road and how it
uh works with the cameras that are in
the vehicle and making sure that um the
uh viewing points are perfectly placed
uh to keep that vehicle in traffic and
not touching anybody else.
&gt;&gt; The idea is that the ground truthing
says here's what the world around the
truck actually looks like. How's that
compare to your camera's view? and then
making any adjustments as needed. Um
it's like uh you know getting your scope
dialed in. Uh so yeah, that's what you
need to see. We're not saying FSD is
coming today. I did have someone
recently say uh Elon said that the in
2017 that the trucks could already do
convoy mode. And I said, well, I imagine
they could. Uh that's the fact that it
still isn't here is uh about additional
testing, probably about regulation. But
unfortunately, I couldn't find the
comment because a lot of times these
really negative people uh go much too
far in their replies to my reply uh
telling me suggesting uh activities that
I can do to myself and with myself that
result in them being permanently hidden
from the channel. It's a family show.
Don't care for it. In China, we got CL
dethroning diesel trucks and Tesla Semi
with global battery swap network. First
of all guys, uh there is no throne. We
are we are this is the cavemen of the
industry. This industry has just begun
in China. Maybe there's a throne, but uh
it's too too soon to dethrone someone.
Look, they know their routes. They know
what they're doing. And uh if you know
that you have that your company is going
to be going 1,000 miles over the road,
uh you can put charger put swap stations
where you need them to minimize
downtime.
&gt;&gt; Exactly. This makes complete sense uh
for any trucking company that knows
their routes. Being able to have the
ability to swap batteries at certain key
points where the trucks are driving
along um makes perfect sense. There was
an Australian company that did exactly
this. They had banks of batteries that
they would install inside a diesel truck
that they converted themselves to
electric. Uh and they uh these backs
these batteries were just on huge skids
that would be moved by a forklift into
the truck. And since their home base was
the only place where the batteries were
swapped, they were able to charge them,
store them, put them in a proper spot,
and make changes uh quickly. So, this is
um there's just more of this coming. Uh
this is an this is CL looking at what is
possible with these large trucks. What
can we do to make it better for our
customers? And when you look at the
early charge swaps for electric semiis,
they were all done either in-house as
you described or in partnerships where
this station is not open to the public.
It's open to my company, but you built
it. Um, this can work, but what we're
seeing is faster and faster charging.
Minimizing the benefit of a swap
station. Having six extra batteries of
that size just sitting around is tricky.
A big advantage that may linger a lot
longer is the fact that you can't get
enough juice to a certain location quick
enough. So, you want to fill up that
tanker of water so when the locomotive
gets there, it can just dump into it and
get back on its way. You've got six
hours to get that water resupplied. That
can work.
Okay. Uh big news, of course, Fourth of
July is coming. I'm going to be out at
this event. Uh it's free. It's the
second, third, and fourth in Long View,
Washington. And on the second, and
third, David Moss will be there. That's
right. The uh FSD uh throne
because we can say he's got a throne.
You can dethrone them if you want. Other
other thing, and this is actually is
actually news that the play I'm in from
July 10th through 26th, I went to see
how ticket pre-sales were going, and
they were going very bad. And it turns
out it's because there is nowhere on
this page that is obvious to buy
tickets. It's here. That popcorn bucket
that says scan here is the button. And
if you're on mobile, it doesn't work.
&gt;&gt; Oh, bad situation.
&gt;&gt; We are 5% sold out. And so this this if
you're coming to the play, this is how
you get to the ticket page. Uh, coupon
code SW15 for 15% off. It's a fun fun
play. It's a melodrama. It's very silly.
And I play the sheriff, of course. To
which Basor asked, "You played the
sheriff?" But I did not play the deputy.
Oh, break a leg, buddy.
I had a couple of those jokes in the
comments last week. Thank you,
everybody. When you make comments
mandatory, you have to accept them.
Tesla Semi builds momentum with ArcBest
fleet expansion. Now, we may have
covered this. I know I've covered it.
You've probably covered it. Arcbass was
doing a demo uh had two trucks in their
pilot program. But this is the part, the
reason I brought this article up is not
because they got two more trucks. It's
because of the results of their pilot
program. Ideally, you want to be around
2 kowatts per mile. If you buy an e
Cascadia, if you buy uh a Volvo or a
Mercedes truck, you're looking at 2.1
kilowatts per mile. Tesla famously 1.8.
That's a huge savings. this demo 1.55
kilowatts per mile in real world use.
&gt;&gt; Wow.
&gt;&gt; That is a big difference when it comes
to uh electricity used.
&gt;&gt; 25% energy savings is what we're
talking. That's guys, it it's what
happens when you build the truck from
scratch to be electric.
So, I just had to share that. Uh
&gt;&gt; yeah, that's that's great news.
Chinese OEM Sei expands its bridge head
in the European electric truck market.
Now, this is not the most exciting
story. It's just a truck. I do love
that. Uh they went ahead and called
their concrete pump specialist the
Puttsmeister. Uh I'm I feel like that's
what your competitors would call it.
&gt;&gt; That is marketing, my friend, right
there at the Putts.
&gt;&gt; That is
What? What's going on, Puttsmeister?
&gt;&gt; Anyway, these are expanding, but uh was
there anything in this story that stood
out to you?
&gt;&gt; Uh it was interesting that the photo uh
again European uh so you've got the flat
front on all these vehicles that are
operating in Europe. Uh because length
is an issue when it comes to European
semiis, there are limitations on how
long they can be. So, Europe has
famously had these flatended uh trucks
uh forever because they're all trying to
maximize the length of the trailer and
the tractor combined. What I think I
hear Mark saying is size doesn't matter.
It's fine. Hey, whatever. What struck me
more is in this second article about the
same truck, they're talking about their
sodium batteries, which they've begun
deploying,
&gt;&gt; which get what kind of efficiency?
extreme cold at 40 below Fahrenheit, it
maintain more than 90% of its usable
capacity while still maintaining the
ability to fast charge and have long
cycle life. Yeah, that's going that's
going to matter big time when it comes
to uh Europe uh and of course China uh
because some parts of those continents
are extremely cold and you can't have uh
long waits for the truck trying to warm
up uh or expel a lot of energy to travel
a distance that is typically done with
less. So, it's something that um you
need to get this right when it comes to
uh battery use. And it looks like with
this uh new new chemical uh alignment
that they've they've got it done pretty
well.
&gt;&gt; A lot of people don't know this, but
there's even a country in North America
that's famous for getting cold.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. If you if you if you only do your
truck demo during the summer and you
decide to buy 10 of them and winter
comes and you can no longer reach your
next destination, you have made a
mistake. Uh so this could be a chemistry
we see coming to Europe as you said,
North America.
&gt;&gt; Yep.
&gt;&gt; And uh anywhere cold. Uh this is fun.
This was published I it's on trans.info
so I don't imagine Elon has seen it. Uh,
this is an autonomous logging truck.
Don't laugh at that. Uh, it's a T-Log.
Again, you guys, with the naming, you're
doing you're crushing it. Uh, the idea
is that it would be autonomous. Uh, I'm
I guarantee you it would not look as
cool as this because there's no reason
to look this cool, but it would This is
a great concept. I hope they try it out.
This is not for Canada. Uh, the electric
truck can travel almost 200 kilometers.
Yeah. Yeah. You're going to have to
increase the range if you want that.
Although, there are situations where a
forest is being logged and the distance
to the mill is under 200 km, but you'd
like to have a little bit.
&gt;&gt; You got to go round trip. I cut the
number in half and found that well under
10 to 20% of Canada's commercial logging
by volume takes place within 50 miles of
a significant city or urban center.
&gt;&gt; Yeah,
&gt;&gt; that sounds correct to me. Yep.
&gt;&gt; Uh, so Canada does a bit of logging. Is
that fair to say?
&gt;&gt; That would be fair to say if you've got
a fair bit of amount of timber out
there. Yep.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Wellmanaged forests which are
renewed and replanted after each use.
This startup wants to bring driverless
freight trucks to California's road, but
drivers are pushing back. We're not
going to focus on the pushing back. Look
at that. It's a shipping container on a
sled.
&gt;&gt; Great. It's it's very similar to the
T-Log actually. It's it's except it has
a container on the back as opposed to
logs.
&gt;&gt; That's exactly what it is. The company's
raised 24 million to build a demo unit.
That concerns me. I hope they're going
to, I guess, use Nvidia's system or
partner with someone. But labor unions
and safety experts warn. Come on. Uh,
and it's great. I don't know where these
companies came up with the idea. Perhaps
they watched the movie Logan. This is a
screenshot from Logan. Uh the roads are
full of autonomous shipping. I do love
that they jam those three containers
right against each other so that it is
impossible to turn.
&gt;&gt; Unless you're on a straight interstate,
that's going to be trouble.
&gt;&gt; I can see the bend in the road. Uh but
okay. Sure. Um now, uh I do have to
share this because this is hilarious. I
saw this story that came up in my news
feed, my for you, uh, last week about a
a diesel semi doing a delivery in
Beaverton, Oregon, and it, uh, knocked
down seven power poles and it lost
electricity to 100 homes. Look, um, why
are you showing me this? Well, today I
did a search for electric semis and it
popped up again. I'm like, oh,
electric semi.
&gt;&gt; Electric knockdown semi. Yeah. Yeah, but
if you think that's silly, it also gave
me this. Electric Ireland MHC semifinal
tip gold rush sinks cork.
&gt;&gt; My fault for asking.
&gt;&gt; Yep, that's on me.
&gt;&gt; That's on me. Uh, I do want to say a
quick shout out, a quick thank you to
all of the grammar police out there who
uh find the littlest thing to point out.
Uh, it's just important. your service is
valuable and uh I appreciate it. Um some
serious comments before we get into the
wrong answers only. Oh, also uh the
wrong answer that we're looking for this
week is I wanted to uh show that lovely
uh silly semi again and ask uh what else
could you do with it? Like what is this
really like? What uh what are you going
to do with this? Wrong answers only.
&gt;&gt; What is its purpose? It's not logs.
Wrong answers only. Please get us that.
Uh uh we had a great comment. I love
this. Brian mistakenly referred to the
new port range variant as a short range.
Yeah, don't call it short range. And and
we're not talking necessarily about the
standard range, but even the standard
range one. But if there was a shorter
one made one that only has 100, probably
be 150 miles of range. Don't call it
short range, call it port range.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; Love it.
&gt;&gt; Marketing.
&gt;&gt; How does Brian spell mandatory?
the same way I spell battery. Literally,
it starts with a B. I don't I don't know
why. Um, on our wrong answer only last
week, there's a little dot on the top.
We said we said, "What is it?"
&gt;&gt; Yep.
&gt;&gt; And this person said, "I do like the
idea that it could just be an overhead
clearance camera." And I thought, "Well,
you wouldn't need a camera. It'd be a
sensor." And then I remembered a camera
is a sensor.
When I'm getting too close to something,
my car doesn't show me a picture of it.
It beeps at me. So, yes, adding a terra
will never make it to market. Just like
Nicola, the investors are pulling out.
Yeah, I have concerns for Appera. I have
concerns. I've always had concerns for
Appara. Semi doesn't need creature
comforts. It's intended to be used
without a creature inside.
&gt;&gt; I think ultimately that's correct.
&gt;&gt; I think ultimately that is correct. Yes.
Uh, the ideal truck will have Yasa
pancake motors with factorial solid
state batteries. Agree or disagree? Do
you know what either of those things
are?
&gt;&gt; Yes, I had pancakes just yesterday, so
I'm familiar with those.
&gt;&gt; Yes, the flapjack motors. This
breakthrough EV motor makes a 1000
horsepower and fits inside a wheel. What
it isn't is in production. So, I'm not
going to say anything is ideal until
it's road tested. And unsprung weight is
going to be a thing. It's two dudes
holding it up. I get that it's light,
but it's not that light. Unsprung weight
is an issue. This is for high
performance applications. A semi doesn't
need high performance. It needs long
performance.
&gt;&gt; Go with the tried and true. There's a
reason for it. Do you know what
factorial energy their solid state is?
They just went public to raise money to
try to scale. Maybe it'll work, but what
we need is something that works today.
So, uh, unfortunately, Roman tracks I
will have to disagree for today. Um,
those could be great in something else
in the future. What would be really fun
is to have, you know, uh, the whole back
axle be coupled together pancake motors,
so you've got, you know, 10,000
horsepower. be amazing uh for a
demonstrator, not for a practical
vehicle.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; Do we even know where the trucks will go
after fabrication? The checkout
facility. There's not enough parking.
So, on that I pulled up this is uh at
the top here. This is the Kenworth plant
in Reton, Washington. And if you look
around the yard, you'll see not very
many trucks. Very small outbound lot
there. If you go next door, I believe
this is also outbound trucks. This looks
like they're doing some kind of, you
know, final service, final check kind of
thing. Yeah.
&gt;&gt; Maybe repairs from off the line. That's
a thing that happens to all cars.
Something didn't pass QC. You don't need
an extensive lot for your outbound lot.
I mean, trucks are ordered in advance,
so typically as quickly as they can,
they get them out the door. Agree or
disagree?
&gt;&gt; Agree. And I would also add that uh in
uh Sparks, Nevada, there's a lot of
parking lots closely attached to the
Tesla Semih factory or iOS as we like to
call it. And uh there are places that
Tesla could park some trucks if they
needed to.
&gt;&gt; Yep. Or they could just pave something
next to it if it's an issue. They've got
they've got space. Uh so we're going to
get into wrong answers only. This is the
part of the part of the show where we
get into that.
So, we get into this uh wrong answers
only. Last week, as I said, we asked you
what are these little black nubs at the
top of the of the cabs. You guys did not
fail to disappoint.
Uh, which is perfect. We wanted you to
disappoint us with wrong answers. Uh,
Ryan out here said, "Obviously, they're
beauty moles." Obviously, you know,
&gt;&gt; someone else referred to them as uh
Marilyn Monroe marks.
&gt;&gt; Um, and by the way, this is Lightning
Ryan here, who is the one who did a
review of the EV1 while it was still on
the road, and it's on his YouTube
channel.
&gt;&gt; Wow. Oh.
&gt;&gt; And it it's a series of videos, each
under three minutes, as required by
YouTube at the time.
&gt;&gt; Mhm.
&gt;&gt; There are they are the drone docking and
aerial charging points.
Ah, yes, that makes sense. The drone
army can recharge.
&gt;&gt; Of course. Uh, Patricia imagines the
dots to be a tiny sunroof while I'm
thinking they are sockets for giant
extension cords for extended range.
All wrong answers, Richard. Thank you.
And Patricia, let Patricia know that we
appreciate her teeny tiny I want I want
a a 3-in triangle.
just, you know, just want to feel I want
to feel the wind in my in in my one
remaining hair.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. And Tesla said, "Done."
&gt;&gt; Done. Done. You got it, baby. Picked
some mandarins from our tree today.
That's my meant the trick comment. I
picked them while on flip flops and they
stay juicy, which for flip flops is
gross. Bit seedy, full of flavor. No,
it's a mount so drivers can truck surf
safely while on self-driving.
&gt;&gt; Just clip into it, Mark. That is an
excellent wrong answer.
&gt;&gt; That is That is It's got layers, man.
Black dots on the top are a cloaking
device for the Klingan warships to
escape weigh-ins.
Yeah, of course. Uh those are the tags
that Zangler shot at the semi so he can
find them in the wild.
&gt;&gt; Ah, that's what they are. Yes, indeed.
&gt;&gt; Of course that
&gt;&gt; Zangler always had a plan for this. Yes,
&gt;&gt; that would be Tesla would ask him to
stop that,
&gt;&gt; I think.
&gt;&gt; You think?
&gt;&gt; Hey, hey, could you stop uh putting air
tags on all of our trucks?
&gt;&gt; Tracking devices. Stop.
&gt;&gt; No. No. But it's not. It's like
wildlife. They've each got a number.
&gt;&gt; The spots on the top are little hatches
so your golden retriever can stick his
head out during country drives.
&gt;&gt; That is a small golden retriever, but
okay. Well, you say that, but I went to
my good buddy Grock and said, "Make a
picture of Tesla Semi with a golden
retriever poking his head out of a teeny
tiny sunroof."
And wrong answer only. This is what it
gave me.
&gt;&gt; Wow.
&gt;&gt; That is a large dog.
&gt;&gt; Large large dog. I said much smaller
dog. Much smaller opening. Maybe it's
only its snout is poking out.
Same dog, same size.
That's That's
AI is going to take your job, Mark, but
not today. Now, you remember this was
sort of a wrong answer. This is an
unsolicited wrong answer. We showed
these pallets, by the way. Someone said,
"Oh, those are those are plastic." I
said, "No,
those are those are aluminum." Um, no.
So maybe there is plastic under the
aluminum. Maybe the aluminum is mounted
to plastic. But someone said, "Brian,
you got it all wrong. Battery pallets.
Those are egg cartons for Big Bird in
the cab. Maybe after all these years,
there's a Mrs. Big Bird
on what was it? Uh, Kungan Britain, I
think it was." She said, uh, she said,
uh, they would have in the medieval
times, they'd have these grand feasts
where they'd eat big birds. Of course,
in them days, they didn't know there
were people inside.
&gt;&gt; It's cold gas thrusters for extra
downforce to win drag races.
&gt;&gt; That Yep, that makes sense. Yep.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, that's great. That's That's very
small amount of thrust. The Black Dot is
an autonomous drone detection and
laserbased removal tool uh tool for
deployment to war zones.
or as some of my viewers refer to it,
California. Guys, I'm telling you, it's
not a war zone. It's a lovely place. It
has bad neighborhoods. All states do.
&gt;&gt; Uh, it's so they can center the racing
stripes.
&gt;&gt; That makes sense.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. You know how much faster your car
goes with racing stripes? Oh.
Uh, this is a really good wrong answer.
I'm not I don't remember seeing this
user post before, but those black dots
are VSAT receivers and transmitters.
Oh, you're going to use VSAT? That's the
wrong answer. I love it.
&gt;&gt; Starlink. I mean, I guess we could, but
VSAC came, but it's deal.
&gt;&gt; It's just trouble. Let's Let's go a
different direction.
&gt;&gt; Delta chose to use Amazon Leo because
they made us an offer that was too good
to pass up. It's not available, Delta.
Uh, you know, it could be keychain
holes.
So, you could put a Tesla semi on your
keychain. Do you know how convenient it
would be to have a Tesla Semi just on a
keychain?
&gt;&gt; Not at all.
What are you doing up there, Brian? I
can't unlatch it from my keychain.
&gt;&gt; So, I'm just going to stay here.
&gt;&gt; Stay here. Uh there is a new trend I've
seen uh in Michigan even where people
will stand in the back of their cyber
truck and summon it around a parking
lot. Uh
&gt;&gt; yes. Yeah. Driving it like a chariot.
Yes, I've seen that.
&gt;&gt; Very very fun and silly. Uh it's an
external speaker to replace the thumping
noise of compression braking.
&gt;&gt; Okay. Yeah.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Sure. Sure. Sure. Now, that black
spot is the new deluxe window washing
fountain/waterfall effects that gets
both the sides and the front in one go.
Plus, it has an LED strobing light, so
after dark, it provides a spectacular
show. That would be terrible. You know
how much washer fluid you'd go to
through? I get it that it's like not a
particularly dangerous chemical to have
in the environment, but at those
quantities, wow. A gallon and a half per
squirt. Yep. That's going to be trouble.
&gt;&gt; It it I think a gallon and a half is
about what it would be. I mean, maybe
even a little light, but that is uh
terrible. A wrong answer for sure. Space
Gamer 85, thank you for participating in
wrong answers only. Guys, uh what did we
miss? What do we misunderstand? Leave it
into them comments below. and everyone
else. Like, subscribe, and I cannot wait
to hear from you clever robots over at
Mark's channel, which is uh the de facto
flippity flop, at least uh on days that
these videos fund.