Channel:     futureaza
Title:       Tesla Q2 Deliveries Beat Expectations
URL:         https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7qu5-64ZMKU
Published:   2026-07-17 12:00 UTC
Fetched:     2026-07-17 13:00 UTC

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

There are going to be three launch pads
and two return pads at in Florida.
[music] There are going to be two launch
pads in Bokhica, but relatively limited
number of launches allowed where there
are going to be a large number of
launches, I believe, not in the coming
year, but the year after it.
&gt;&gt; Louisiana.
&gt;&gt; Louisiana. And I think that that is
definitely a remote [music] site. I've
been there.
It is about as remote as you can get.
Today we've got a very special guest.
Larry Goldberg is joining the channel.
We're going to be talking about Tesla's
deliveries, their financials, their
business momentum, where the execution
is all taking place, and how exciting it
is, and maybe some things we need to be
on the lookout for as the competition
finally figures out which gear is
forward. Uh, let's have a chat about
that. I'm Brian. Welcome to Futurasa.
[music]
[singing]
&gt;&gt; So, Larry, jumping right in. First of
all, thank you for joining me. It's
great to see you again.
&gt;&gt; I love talking with you. It's uh you
know, I learn a lot and uh we argue some
and we agree some. It's uh it's fun.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. and uh and we do so without ego it
seems like which is helpful because
&gt;&gt; I I know what my weaknesses are
&gt;&gt; and uh and I can always learn. So
jumping right in 2026
Q2
record deliveries, not just a good
quarter, but the best Q2 ever. This
company is done, Larry. They're not
going to make any more cars. No one
would buy them. Turns out that wasn't
true.
uh you and I knew that. What I told
people last year when sales were down
across all markets, I said if Elon had
just uh invented, you know, uh
interstellar travel and was the most
famous popular person in history, they
still couldn't have sold more cars
because you have to build them first. Uh
if there's nothing to if there's nothing
built, you can't sell it. So, uh,
480,000 plus. Other than the factory,
you know, the factories getting back up
to speed, what drove that growth, do you
think?
&gt;&gt; Well, it's interesting. Um, Chinese
sales were down and they were down and
they represented a sort of a China wide
reduction in auto sales and US sales
were down. And so what drove it was a
resurgent Europe resurgent European
sales and significant growth in the east
excluding China.
&gt;&gt; So and and that's kind of what surprised
most uh analysts because they saw soft
sales in the US. They saw and by the way
generally sales in the US of cars were
down in the quarter um and uh they saw
Chinese sales soft as well and so they
they kind of did the calculation they
didn't look at improved European across
the board sales and they didn't look at
the resurgent sales in rest of the world
and so um they missed it. Even uh you
know Troy was underestim underestimated
sales.
So So yeah, the sales were very very
significant, very exciting. I think
sales in the US are going to be up this
quarter. Not in China. I think China's
still struggling, but the rest of the
world seems to be doing very well. So I
think you know we're in a very good sta
very good stage for sales and I think
the Y L is going to do very well in the
US.
&gt;&gt; Well we will talk about the Y L. I will
say that when you've already got the
best selling car in the world, how do
you sell more of them? Make it better.
Make it significantly better without a
price increase and people are going to
like it even more, which is precisely
what happened. Uh, and then of course
we've got more markets coming online.
Tesla, unlike Toyota, Tesla is not in
every market yet. And so there's a lot
of opportunity for growth that legacy
companies can't have because they're
already there. They would have to make a
better car and they've made it
abundantly clear that's not something
they're excited about doing.
So that's uh one thing on that. Now, uh,
if you are looking at sustained growth,
it's worth mentioning that the SNX are
gone. It was a tiny sliver of sales.
Cybertruck is not doing great. Not a big
contributor to the bottom line anyhow.
Uh, but y l you just brought that up. I
agree with you. I think it's going to
sell like crazy because I had a chance
to experience it myself in China a few
months ago. And I did the same thing
Kyle Connor did, which is I got in the
front seat and positioned it where I
would sit. Then I got in the second row
and positioned it where I would sit. And
then I got in the third row and I still
fit. Now, mind you, I have very short
legs, so it's not as impressive, but I'm
long in the in the torso. Kyle's 6'2 and
he also fit. This is
&gt;&gt; And he fit in the third row.
&gt;&gt; He fit in the third row.
&gt;&gt; Head room and knee room, so it's got
space. It doesn't look bigger. They They
did a very elegant job of stretching it
without it looking weird or even really
different. The only giveaway from the
outside is that the uh third window, the
triangle window in the back seat is
taller. That's the only giveaway from
the outside. The shape of the rear glass
is different, too, but I don't think
most people would notice that. Uh, so
that's
no big deal. So, that's uh what's going
on with cars. I have seen endless people
saying you know what they really need to
add in terms of cars is this one product
that I want whether it's a work van or a
minivan or a coupe or any number of
things that they want but invariably
with some exception they list things
that are not big sellers from other
brands regardless of the drivetrain
[snorts] and I think Tesla's approach of
uh would Would you like to see Tesla
have twice as many models?
&gt;&gt; No. No.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; I don't know if they've got the right
number of models, but I think that their
uh strategy of limiting the number of
models is an excellent strategy. I think
it I think it makes all the sense in the
world.
&gt;&gt; It's working. Whatever they're doing is
working. Yeah.
&gt;&gt; So, energy deployments now, we're seeing
record numbers, but as you and I have
discussed over on Herbert's channel when
you were filling in for him, u as we've
discussed there, it's not what we
expected. Um,
&gt;&gt; do you uh have concerns about energy or
do you think it's just a a hiccup or
what are your thoughts on that?
&gt;&gt; I don't have concerns about energy at
all. I think um the company has said on
numerous occasions that they're selling
more than they make. Um I think that the
cycles are very long.
Uh so it took Lthrop a year and a half
to get to volume in terms of billing.
[snorts] I think we're in the same cycle
in China. I think the the cycle will
repeat in the new Houston plant. I don't
know if they're going to get higher
prices for mega blocks in terms of
actual yield. Um they may actually get
lower, but I think that each sale will
be a singularly singularly large sale.
So I think I think we're on a you know
path towards a 20
um g gig um quarter by the end of this
year or certainly by ne first quarter of
next year and I think we'll be at 25 gig
a quarter which is double our current
rate by the end of next year. That's my
that's my hope. That's my planning.
Yeah. Once they cross the 20 gawatt
hours per quarter mark, do you think
there will be another quarter in the
teens? Because I don't I think it's the
flywheel is spinning up and
&gt;&gt; the momentum is still building.
&gt;&gt; I agree with that. I agree with that. I
think there may be fluctuations
around 25, you know, in that in that
ballpark, but I don't think there's
going to be the decline that you're
talking about. You've done a lot of
business in your life. You've invested a
lot in your life. Uh you've run
companies. Uh that leads me to the
conclusion, and I will not hear
otherwise, that you have a crystal ball.
So, I'm going to ask you to look into
that crystal [laughter] ball and make a
prediction three to five years out as to
which will be the bigger profit driver
for Tesla between Optimus and autonomous
robo taxi.
&gt;&gt; Is it three years or five years? Three
years or five?
&gt;&gt; I mean,
okay. Uh let's say three first
&gt;&gt; three I think uh robo taxi is going to
be the biggest driver of profitability
in three years
&gt;&gt; and in five years it would be optimist
&gt;&gt; well I think optimus will be
there um now
could there be a profit driver that we
haven't even seen the product of
it's unlikely that it will drive that
level of profitability within 5 years.
But um so I'm I'm fairly confident Robbo
taxi and Optimus are the next two major
drivers. And it depends what we mean by
profitability because FSD in and of
itself could become so profitable
because it's all pure profit. Every
dollar is just pure profit. you know the
margins on FS it's hard to it's hard to
gauge what the margins are going to be
on FSD be on robo taxi
because
there is a world in which Elon could or
Tesla could reduce prices dramatically
in order to drive volume and there's a
world in which that he could pitch the
price of the robo taxi to you know
within the same realm, not necessarily
at the same exactly the same but within
the same realm as the competitors
and the difference is revenue will be
much lower but profit will be much
profit per dollar will be much higher
the the margins will be much higher so a
lot depends on how he plays and how he
sees the future in the long term as to
how he decides to pitch that. [snorts]
So there's so many variables, you know,
the the the the degrees of freedom here
are gigantic.
So but but in general, I think robo taxi
in three years overtaken by Optimus in
due course.
&gt;&gt; Mhm. And I think that's reasonable. Do
you envision a scenario in which Tesla
begins selling chips to other companies?
It's possible
but not that likely. I mean the fab will
only be in production in a couple of
years time and that's just the first
fab. The terrafab add another two years.
So we're talking about four years down
the road.
Um I think that you know they talk about
launching about a million satellites
and I think that's a realistic number.
I've done I've done the math. I've done
the numbers on it. I think it is
realistic. I think they will launch a
million. So I think the number if you
think about the number of rover taxis
required and the number of
satellites required number of processes
that are going to into both and the
amount of training that they training
processes that will they will need let
alone all the other types of chips that
they could be manufacturing at the same
time. It just doesn't seem like there's
going to be a third party sale in that
short relatively short period of time.
Now, if you go out 10 or 15 years,
that's a whole different world. You
know, you look at a company like Samsung
or you look at some of the Chinese
companies we spoke about uh in in our
chat earlier um on on the Herbit
channel. These companies manufacture a
very wide range of product. You know the
tribals in in in Korea,
China, Japan
quite easily straddle from raw materials
all the way to finished pro to multiple
different categories of finished
product. There's no reason why Tesla
shouldn't be doing the same.
&gt;&gt; Not at all.
&gt;&gt; So, I have a SpaceX question for you.
You've been to nearly to a bunch of
Starship launches, not quite all of
them, but uh
but you follow SpaceX closely. I assume
you're an investor in SpaceX.
&gt;&gt; Yes.
&gt;&gt; And uh the question I would have for you
is uh where are they going to launch
them from when they are launching them
every day, maybe multiple times a day?
Because as you can attest, they're a
little bit on the loud side.
&gt;&gt; [laughter]
&gt;&gt; They're a lot on the loud side. Um,
yeah. So, they will be definitely
launching
uh from Florida. They will have at least
three
launch pads and two return pads in
Florida.
You think the citizens of Florida
would be able to withstand that kind of
noise three times a day, night and day
without losing their minds. Not to say
that Floridaidians are sane to begin
with its but that is that is a big ask
for millions of people.
&gt;&gt; You know they said the same about jet
planes, right? I don't I don't I
certainly don't remember that. Um,
&gt;&gt; you're a young man
&gt;&gt; because I'm I'm Yeah,
&gt;&gt; the jet age was well underway in my
time, but
&gt;&gt; I remember I remember watching the first
comet take off at Youngsmith's airport
the first time we saw it and it was
loud. I mean, I I remember the noise
from I was a kid of seven, six or seven.
I remember the noise even today and you
know the conversation was oh they'll
never allow this to happen. This can't
this can't be real.
&gt;&gt; And it happened and it was real. Um
I'm not saying that there won't be
complaints. There will definitely be
anti- Elon
uh people who will complain very loudly
because that that will give them an
opportunity to attack him.
&gt;&gt; [snorts]
&gt;&gt; Um, but I think that it's
it's a very short burst of noise.
It, you know, it's transient.
Uh, you get used to it. I think that
it's just the way people will live.
Look, they have Falcon rockets taking
off every two week, two a week.
&gt;&gt; They don't complain.
No, I would agree with you that Falcon 9
rockets are surely loud, but Starship is
much much louder. I mean, the from seven
miles out your windows are rattling. Uh,
it is
&gt;&gt; That's not true. I mean, they may you
may see them vibrate, but I've seen I've
seen statements being made and I've
heard the statements made,
but honestly,
seven miles out, the noise dissipation
is very high. I mean, I've sat 5 miles
from it and I've sat three miles from
it.
&gt;&gt; Um, and three and at five miles, the
noise dissipation is not that great.
It's actually quite the windows will
rattle
&gt;&gt; by the time you get to seven and 10
miles. It's you know it's it's a little
bit and and windows
&gt;&gt; and it's launching over water.
&gt;&gt; Yes.
&gt;&gt; Helpful
&gt;&gt; somewhat. Um
&gt;&gt; well I just mean people don't live
there.
&gt;&gt; Right. Right. It's it's actually the
biggest the loudest noise is going to be
you know as it gets over water.
Actually, the loudest noise
unfortunately
is when it lands.
&gt;&gt; You do get the booms.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. And what happens is the engines
fire up at almost exactly the second
that the sonic boom hits
&gt;&gt; and there you will get, you know, a
really serious because one of the
problems is that it's it's coming in at
an angle that it's the opposite. it kind
of the opposite of the launch. And so
the noise is actually being deflected
directly down. Um yeah, it's it's tough
that that that's a little noisy.
So I think that uh based on your
accounts because as I've said, I have
not seen a Starship launch. Uh I think
based on your accounts, you've put my
mind at ease and I appreciate that.
We'll see how it unfolds. But if they
&gt;&gt; but I will but let me give you
a broader answer to your question. There
are going to be three launch pads
and two return pads at in Florida. There
are going to be two launch pads in
Bokhica but relatively limited number of
launches allowed
where there are going to be a large
number of launches I believe not in the
coming year but the year after it.
Louisiana.
&gt;&gt; Louisiana. And I think that that is
definitely a remote site. I've been
there. It is about as remote as you can
get.
&gt;&gt; I haven't been there, but I've seen the
foot the satellite images of it, and
there is not much going on. Um, if the
gators wish to file a formal complaint,
they must first learn to read and write.
&gt;&gt; Well, complaints will be lodged on their
behalf. I promise you I've seen the
complaints being lodged
&gt;&gt; about the seals
&gt;&gt; in California. So yeah,
&gt;&gt; I'm not worried. I'm I'm less worried
about that than kind of anything else.
Uh the last question I have for you on
this and we're going to have you back in
a day or two to cover some other
interesting topics, broader strategy,
vision, valuation, competition, is why
hasn't Tesla allowed every car they sell
to be a virtual power plant that they
manage? Now, I know there's a lot of
utilities that don't allow virtual power
plants that it's a patchwork quilt of a
thousand and some odd different
utilities in the US, but some do and you
could always ask for more or offer more
to do it. A lot of Tesla owners would be
delighted to pick up 5 10 cents in
arbitrage on a kilowatt hour. Uh you can
make an extra five bucks a day. That's a
big chunk of your car payment erased.
Why hasn't Tesla pushed for this? There
could be some real money in there. They
could deploy more localized power than
even the mega packs are doing um
instantly and worldwide if they could do
this.
&gt;&gt; So the answer to the why is that um Elon
was of the opinion at the outset that
there wasn't a business there and I
think it was an an error.
they are addressing it. So the Y L is
capable of charging back to the house.
Um and the Cybert truck was the first to
ena enable that and that was in answer
to the fact that Ford made it you know a
feature of their uh truck. So I think
every new model from the Cybertruck on
is going to have this facility and I
think we are definitely going to see it
in action. Um so you know I have the I
had in my previous house before I moved
to this community I had the ability of
my Cyber Truck to run my house. In fact
it actually did happen to run it on one
occasion. So I had the F and and Duke
gave me a deal. Duke Power gave me a
deal on that. They they abated my
and and that was enabled by the state
mandate. [snorts] So I think that that's
coming. I think it's a great idea. I
think it's coming and I think when it
comes it'll be good for everybody.
&gt;&gt; I hope so. I would point out the
difference though that the Ford
Lightning can go vehicle to grid through
at least the Duke Energy pilot in Texas
that I'd seen. They had hundreds of them
signed up. Uh where Tesla can only go to
load only to power things. Uh well, the
Cybertruck with a gateway can do can do
more, but the Y L uh is not to my
knowledge gateway enabled. Um, so
hopefully they do that.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, I think it's only a matter of
engineering on the gateway. I I think it
I could be wrong, but I think that it's
just a matter of enabling it on the
gateway. I don't think, you know, once
you can power in reverse now, it's only
a matter of how you switch that current.
&gt;&gt; All right, so guys, uh, we're going to
have Larry back tomorrow. We're going to
have more conversation. It might be the
next day. It depends on how the schedule
shakes out. Uh, sometimes things get
moved around. Uh, what do we miss? What
do we misunderstand? Leave it. Enter
that in the comments below. And everyone
else, like, subscribe, and stay tuned.
Stay juicy.