Channel:     farzad-fm
Title:       No One Understands What Elon Just Said About SpaceX
URL:         https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=g6Xbjo278a4
Published:   2026-08-05 13:13 UTC
Fetched:     2026-08-05 14:00 UTC

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

No one understands what Elon just said
about SpaceX. Most of all, its insane
partnership with Nvidia, which is
turning out to be the biggest bet in
industrial history, coming 10 times
faster than anyone expected, which
SpaceX reiterated by saying they would
reach a trillion dollars in revenue by
as early as 2029, and expects to
quadruple its revenue just this year to
over hundred billion in annualized
revenue by December. In my 14 years of
following Elon and investing in Tesla
since 2012, this is some of the most
ambitious set of predictions I've ever
heard from Elon Musk. Surprise,
surprise. And so, in this video, I'm
going to break down all the highlights
from the call that they just had about
their Q2 earnings, why they are a big
deal, and at the end, I'm going to
explain why all of these crazy numbers
are tied to a problem on the company's
latest rocket that they just solved.
SpaceX grew its revenue to $8 billion in
the quarter, which doubled
yearover-year. Its AI revenue, which is
the part of the business that SpaceX
leases out to companies like Anthropic
and Google for their AI models, tripled
quarter-over-arter from 800 million to
2.6 billion. And Starlink, the
connectivity business, grew 65%
year-over-year from 2.6 billion to 4.3.
Now, there is a lot for me to get
through in this video, and I want to be
as efficient as humanly possible to save
you as much time as I can. So, I'm going
to focus on the things that are easily
the biggest variables that people should
be paying attention to that you probably
won't hear anywhere else. But first, I
want to give a huge shout out to
Rebellion, the sponsor of this video.
Bradford Ferguson and Matt Smith, who
run Rebellionaire, are big-time retail
investors in Tesla, just like many of
you that are probably watching this
video, who've done tons of unique and
insightful research around things like
FSD, Optimus Bot, Tesla Energy, and the
entire Musk ecosystem. So, they
understand exactly where you're coming
from. and through Rebellionire that
specialize in helping investors like you
with big concentrated investments to
protect yourself from downside risk
while growing your share account over
time using strategies like trimming and
adding or covered calls. Not only that,
but they can also help you to create a
money master plan from your financial
first principles. And if that sounds
interesting to you and you've got over a
$2 million position in Tesla or more,
you can head on over to
rebellionire.com/farzot
using the link in the description or the
comment section below to learn more
about their services. And thanks again
to our longtime sponsor Rebellionire for
sponsoring this video. All right, so now
let's get into the most important parts
of the call. Starting with a nugget
about cap X, which stands for capital
expenditures, which is another way of
saying investing into the company. There
was a part of the call that I want to
highlight here where the CFO of the
company, the guy that does all the
finances, talked about how long it takes
to pay back their data center
investments. Go ahead and take a listen
to this clip.
&gt;&gt; Looking ahead, we continue to see robust
demand in all three of our business
segments, but in particular in our cloud
services arrangements. We see
increasingly favorable economics with
each agreement we sign. And as Elon
mentioned, we expect the supply demand
imbalance in the compute market to
continue. The current economics have
translated into a less than one-year
payback on our new capital deployments
for compute. For example, in the first
few weeks of the third quarter, we've
already contracted an additional $6.7
billion of cloud services revenue over a
six-month period that begins ramping
starting in October of this year. We
believe this puts us on a trajectory
including contri contribution from
cursor to reach a h 100red billion of
ARR or annualized revenue run rate by
the end of this year based on our
expected revenue in the month of
December of this year.
&gt;&gt; Okay. So I really want to focus on the
part where he said oneyear payback. What
that basically means is that say SpaceX
spends I don't know $2 billion investing
into building out a data center. That
would be the capex that they invest into
the data center. Within a year, the
company thinks that that $2 billion they
will get back the second they turn on
the data center, they will get that
money back in revenue. So you spend $2
billion, you turn on your data center,
people can start using the data center
to process their queries. So Anthropic
can use it to serve their claude model,
Google can use it for Gemini, OpenAI can
use it for Chad GPT. And then after 12
months, those companies would have paid
SpaceX $2 billion to use their computers
to process their AI. And that's one of
the main reasons why the company feels
so optimistic about its ability to
generate over $und00 billion of ARR,
which stands for annualized recurring
revenue. Basically what that means is
that by December what SpaceX thinks is
going to happen which also kind of
extrapolates to a much bigger number in
a few years is that by the end of
December all the data centers that
they've built so far will be turned on
and they'll be generating somewhere
upwards of hundred billion in revenue
annualized. So for the month of December
they'll do something like $8 billion a
month. So 8 * 12 annualized it's 100
billion. And because it's so
economically viable, because they can
get their money back so fast in a year,
which in terms of like investing in a
big building like a data center or
whatever physical, that is a really like
a really really quick time to get your
money back. SpaceX is going all in on
this thing. They're saying, "Okay, we're
going to build a bunch of them." So,
starting next year, they expect to exit
the year 2027 on pace to hit a trillion
dollars of revenue by as early as 2029.
And because of that, they want to five
to 10x the amount of data centers they
bring online. And they've secured enough
power. So they say they secured about 15
gawatts of power to power those data
centers that are going to come online
because they're so power hungry because
they require so much power to run. I'm
sure you've heard about all these data
centers. Oh my god. You know, they're
destroying the environment and whatever.
And then the reason why the company can
go so fast, you know, there's a lot of
these hyperscalers, these companies that
build data centers. All of them do a
phenomenal job. But SpaceX thinks it can
go faster than anyone else because they
found that adopting the rocket
technology. So the way they're building
the rockets is easily adaptable. So
basically they can transfer the
knowledge of building a rocket over to
building a data center. And Elon
literally like literally talked
data centers on the call. Let me go
ahead and show you this clip.
&gt;&gt; You know, as the saying goes, you know,
nor they say like they would say like
this ain't rocket science. Well,
actually rocket science is literally our
daily business. Um and uh you know
rocket science is a idiomatic expression
for extreme uh technological difficulty
and and there's a reason for it because
the the thing let me tell you what what
rockets desperately want to do uh every
flight they desperately want to blow
themselves into tiny pieces. Um and uh
but then the engineering struggle is to
u convince the rocket not to blow itself
into tiny pieces and actually deliver
payload to orbit. Um but you'll note
that you know some of our competitors do
in fact blow their rockets up. Um this
is not a reflection on their uh does not
mean they're they're incapable. In fact,
I think our competitors are very smart
people. But despite being very smart,
the rockets still blow up. Um so now if
you apply a small amount of the uh
engineering skill that goes into making
gigantic rockets uh reach orbit on a
regular basis uh reliably to terrestrial
data centers. This is like, frankly, the
Yankees, New York Yankees going in and
playing a little league team. And it's
it's it's kind of ridiculous, frankly.
Um this like the terrestrial data
centers are a trivial problem compared
to making gigantic reusable rockets and
which are launched frequently. Um and
the Starling satellites also are uh like
alien level technology. Um there there's
still nothing that compares to our
Starlink V2 satellites and our V3
satellites are really more than an order
of magnitude better than our V2
satellites. So
you take a small percentage of that
engineering applied to terrestrial data
centers and you get an amazing outcome.
Um so that's what we're seeing.
&gt;&gt; Okay. Now these data centers are going
to require the chips, right? You need
chips to power these data centers. You
can't just like fill them with, you
know, whatever you want. And so this is
why on the call SpaceX announced that
they're entering an exclusive
partnership with Nvidia, which currently
is the largest company in the world.
Nvidia are the makers of all these AI
chips. Not exclusively, but they make
most of the AI chips that are being used
right now for AI. Elon and Jensen Huang
are partnering up and they're saying,
"Okay, we're going exclusive. We're
picking you because your latest chips,
this is what Elon said, their Vera Rubin
chips are the best ones for their use
case." So Elon very publicly said that,
"Hey, Nvidia has the best chips. We're
going to use theirs because they're
easily the best." And so obviously this
partnership is extremely important for
both parties. It's extremely important
for SpaceX because if they really want
to go this fast in building data
centers, you need to secure the supply
chain. You need to secure the chips that
you need to build the data centers. It's
huge for Nvidia because now you have
apparently if if their pacing sort of
keeps up with this, one of the biggest
customers as far as purchasing chips is
going to be your customer now as well.
In addition to that sort of customer,
their CEO is also the CEO of Tesla,
which is another one of your big
customers. So now Nvidia continues to
lock down these massive partnerships
with these massive companies and that's
helping them obviously secure a lot of
reasons to want to buy or want to build
more chips rather because Nvidia,
they're the builders of these AI
systems. And eventually with that
partnership with Nvidia, those same
ships that are going to go into these
data centers are also going to be used
to be sent into space. So SpaceX is
working on getting all these data
centers up on the land. They want to 10x
it, 20 exit, 50xit as the years go by,
but then they're also going to send them
in space in these AI data centers in
space in this constellation that they
call Star Mine. So, Star Mind is this
constellation of AI satellites that
we've covered on this channel many, many
times. And I really recommend you go
check out all these videos on my
channel. Just type Farszad AI
satellites. Farszad SpaceX. It will show
up. And these AI satellites are
essentially going to multiplefold the
amount of chips that are required for
AI. And based on this announcement,
SpaceX is going to exclusively partner
with Nvidia to do that. Now, what's very
interesting here is that SpaceX is also
partnering with Tesla on their Terrafab
project, which is basically their
in-house chip making project where
they're going to be building chips from
scratch as well. And so, I'm not viewing
this as, oh, we're choosing Nvidia to
replace Terafab. I'm reading this as
we're partnering with Nvidia because
they're the best and there's so much
demand for AI that we also need to
partner with ourselves with Tesla and
build terraab for way more chips. This
is a theme that has been brought up not
just on SpaceX, but a bunch of other
companies that are constantly saying
that the demand for AI is absolutely
insane. And this is why the company has
been projecting publicly now that
they're expecting a trillion dollars in
revenue as early as 2029. Go ahead and
take a listen to this clip from Elon.
And it's it's probably also worth
mentioning that our internal projections
for reaching a trillion uh dollars in
revenue, not ARR but revenue um have
moved up from 2031 to 2030.
So prior to the IPO uh the financial
projections we had were reaching a
trillion dollars in in revenue uh in
2031. We now expect that to be in in
2030. Um and uh there's a non-zero
chance of that being in 2029. So that
number is absolutely nuts and it would
make it you know by then one of the if
not the biggest company in the world by
far in terms of revenue which would be
bigger than Amazon but if Amazon grows
who knows we'll see but it'll be on the
upper tier of like the you know top five
t top 10 biggest companies in the world
in terms of revenue the company thinks
it can get there through the data
centers but also through those
satellites in space and also
connectivity which is the starling part
of the business that sort of is flying
under the radar weirdly but the company
is really much highlighting as Hey,
Starlink is going to grow like crazy. We
have these brand new satellites going up
in space, which I'm going to cover right
now. And also the connectivity side of
the business, which is the Starlink
satellite system, which the company
massively hyped up on the call as well
with the Starlink V3 satellite, which
they believe is a gigantic deal because
of how it reshapes how much bandwidth it
can put up in space per launch. So, if
in case you're not familiar, SpaceX has
a connectivity part of the business
called Starlink that my dog is
apparently very excited about. I don't
if you've heard them downstairs that
basically SpaceX was forced to create to
ensure that they had things to put on
their rockets. What's fascinating about
Starlink is that Starlink exists purely
because SpaceX was able to figure out
reusable rockets. If you look at their
quarterly earnings report that they just
released, you can see that a huge
percentage, the big majority of the
launches that they do every single
quarter is not for other customers. It's
for Starlink. And this Starlink business
is now over 10,000 satellites spinning
all over the world. Okay. And it's has
over I believe 10 million customers
worldwide and growing rapidly growing
68% per year. And that network is going
to get a huge boost with this brand new
Starlink V3. And the reason why is
Starlink V3, which again we've covered
on this channel in depth, is a satellite
that has 10 times the bandwidth of the
current Starlink V2 satellites. But
because it's launching on the company's
next generation rocket exclusively,
Starship, and because that rocket is so
much bigger than the Falcon 9, which is
the essentially the rocket that they're
going to retire that does most of the
work right now, they're going to be able
to launch per rocket 10 times more
bandwidth, 10 times more at the same
time, and it's going to happen 10 times
as often or more. And the reason why is
because the Starship rocket is designed
to be fully reusable immediately. So,
I'm sure you've seen all these clips of
the Starship rocket coming back and and
being caught by the chopsticks. They
just did a launch where the rocket did a
soft landing in the ocean. It's just
floating around like aimlessly
in the Indian Ocean somewhere. That
rocket is a gigantic deal because it's
fully reusable and they're making tens
of them, if not more, at the same time.
Usually what happens with rockets in the
past is that a rocket would take, I
don't know, multiple years to build and
then you launch the thing in space and
then you lose the rocket itself and then
you have to rebuild a rocket to put more
stuff into space. That's why getting
stuff to orbit sort of the launch costs
were so expensive. They were over
$10,000 a kilogram, well over 10,000. I
think it was as high as 54,000 per
kilogram. Now, what happened with Falcon
9, the current reusable rocket, is that
that cost per kilogram dropped to around
$2 to $3,000 per kilogram. Starship is
looking to lower that once again even
more, sub $300 per kilogram. It's going
to be closer to $100 per kilogram. Not
only that, they're going to be able to
launch it way more often. So, that
rocket is going to go up way more
because it's fully reusable. Even with
the Falcon 9, they would have to
refurbish it. They would have to clean
it up, make sure it works properly, and
they couldn't even reuse the second
stage, sort of the the second part of
the rocket that actually puts the
payload in orbit. They could only reuse
the first stage. With Starship, they're
going to reuse the whole dang thing.
They're going to do the booster, which
is the bottom part, and they're also
going to do the actual payload, the top
part, like the the thing that puts the
payload in orbit, the second stage. That
is Starship, and then the rocket
underneath it as well. And that won't
just open up a lot more Starlink, which
is going to give them a way more
bandwidth to be able to serve way more
customers, not just consumer, but
commercial like boats and planes and
humanoid robots and self-driving cars,
which is something that they highlighted
on the call as well. Take a listen here.
Um and and uh w with the advent of AI um
and humanoid robotics and you know
vehicle robotics and just a massive
number of robots the appetite for
bandwidth will be much greater than it
has been in the past. If you think of a
human consuming perhaps or producing
perhaps about a few hundred bits per
second of output and uh and actually the
average human is outputting less than
one bit per second over the course of of
a day which is 86,400 seconds. Um now
computers,
you know, could easily do billions of
bits per second continuously over over a
uh 24-h hour period. So this is a why I
I would expect the appetite for
bandwidth to grow dramatically with uh
the growth of AI and robotics.
Um and really I think Starlink is the
only thing that can actually uh service
that bandwidth. So the bandwidth needs
are going to explode to the point where
they said that literally Starlink is
going to do the majority of the internet
globally. And it makes perfect sense
because if you have all these freaking
satellites all over the world and you're
charging I don't know they're charging
like what 80 bucks a month in a lot of
places. I think the average monthly
price right now is like $66 per month
and and they're going to do direct to
sell. So you can get it on your cell
phone. You can get it in your house. You
can get it on a plane. You can get it on
a boat. You can get in the middle of
nowhere. You're going to get bandwidth,
you know, highspeed internet. Who
wouldn't want that? Okay. And then your
self-driving car needs to be connected.
It's going to use Starlink. Your human
human or robot needs to be connected.
It's going to use Starlink. They're
eventually going to do compute. You
know, this is more advanced for people
that are not following this super like
closely, but they're eventually going to
do compute on the device. So,
self-driving car is going to be doing AI
computations while it's not driving, and
it's going to send that computation
somewhere. How is it going to send it
somewhere? With Starlink, the human
robot, it's charging. It's not going to
just sit idle there. It's going to use
the AI chip, which is extremely valuable
right now because of those data centers
to do some computations. How is it going
to get it to the place that it needs to
go? Starlink, obviously. you know, if
you're having them working in the middle
of nowhere, you know, Idaho or whatever,
shout out Idaho, Wyoming, they still
need to be connected to the internet
because let's say they're trying to do a
job and they're lost and they want to be
like, "What should I do here? Skynet,
you know, Skynet needs to send back
somehow." They're going to use Starlink.
Okay. So, it's a huge huge deal and it's
something that the company's obviously
very very excited about, but it's
enabled because of Starship and there's
a huge nugget on this call that has gone
completely under the radar that is like
again we've done so many videos on this
concept. The company has said that they
believe without jinxing it per Elon
Musk's words that they have solved the
heat shield problem on Starship. take a
listen to this clip real quick and I'll
explain to you why this is such a huge
deal.
&gt;&gt; Um, look, I don't I don't want to jinx
it or anything, but I I think I think we
I think I'd consider the heat shield
problem solved at this point.
Um, now we want to take a close look at
the uh ship that is currently floating
in the ocean. Um but but all
uh all indications from data and and a
visual inspection um suggest that the
that we have we have solved the the heat
shield problem. Um which is uh arguably
the single biggest problem. Um that
doesn't mean we won't make improvements
to the heat shield. Of course we'll make
we'll continue to make improvements to
the heat shield. And I would say that um
we we do not see any technical obstacles
at this point to achieving uh full and
rapid reusability.
&gt;&gt; Okay. So the reason why that's a huge
deal is that that heat shield on the
rocket is the literal reason why the
rocket can be reusable. Let me explain
the physics behind rockets. So you
launch a rocket up into space. It's
going very fast and you have an
atmosphere and the atmosphere is what
creates the friction and it gets really
really hot because all this air is sort
of like brushing against your rocket.
These things go like 17,000 kilometers
per hour. It's unbelievably fast. So if
you need to bring your rocket back,
okay, your your booster and your second
stage, if you need to bring those back,
they have to come back through the
atmosphere for it to not blow up on the
way back in order to bleed off all that
speed because you're not going to have
enough fuel in the rocket to sort of
like stop yourself because you're going
to run out of fuel to actually get the
rocket back to where it needs to go.
This is why this problem is so
difficult. You need to use the
atmosphere to break. You need to use the
atmosphere to slow down. If you don't
have some form of heat shield that
allows you to bleed off all that energy,
all that speed that you've built into
the rocket, 17,000 km/h, miles per hour,
whatever the number is, it's humongous.
Your rocket's just going to freaking
blow up. So you need some way to
dissipate the energy away from the
rocket so you can actually use the air
as a break to bring the rocket back.
That's what that heat shield is designed
to do. But most importantly, that heat
shield is designed so that when the
rocket comes back, you don't really have
to refurbish it. You can catch it with
those chopsticks, which we've shown on
this channel many times and SpaceX is
very proud of them. It will literally
just catch the rocket after it comes
back. then it's going to be placed on
top of the booster. It's going to get
refueled. They're going to put fuel
right back into the rocket and then
within a couple hours it's back up
there. You can't do that unless you have
a heat shield that is basically doesn't
need to be refurbished. Let's say you
know it only needs to be refurbished
once in a I don't know 100 times or a
thousand times to make it economical so
that you can actually do that. You you
have to have a heat shield that allows
you to do that. Now since they have said
that they have solved that that seems
and the company thinks that it's the
hardest problem related to solving for
reusability. It's that heat shield. And
now that the company thinks that it
solved it, this gives them an open
pathway to building as many starships as
they want because now they're not really
limited by the physics by landing on
Earth, which implies that they can
build, let's say, a thousand of these
rockets. They come back right away and
those rockets are going to allow them to
put a ton of AI satellites in space.
It's going to allow them to put a ton of
Starling satellites in space. It's going
to allow them to put a ton of other
customers crap in space, factories in
space, stuff on the moon, stuff on Mars,
stuff in orbit, asteroid mining, space
tourism, you know, like Australia to
freaking UK in half an hour. you do like
super long distance immediate shipping
of stuff of cargo. You just drop it in
Starship and it just that's Australia to
UK 30 minutes. So the the whole world
opens up by solving these tiles, these
heat shields that the rocket is
comprised of. So it's an unbelievably
fascinating engineering problem. This is
what the company like these Elon
companies do so well is that they take
these like crazy engineering problems
and they turn them from sci-fi to like
reality and then everybody gets to watch
it. I'm so like fascinated by this that
I actually ended up writing a book about
it. It's called Master Plan, what Elon
Musk is really building. You can find it
on Amazon. I'll have links for that in
the description in the comment section
below. I talk about this entire
ecosystem that he's building. Not just
SpaceX, but like Tesla and Neuralink and
Boring Company. Like how all these
things are coming together and they're
really turning into this one entity.
This one entity that's just like
creating unbelievable engineering in the
real world. And I know a lot of people
are like, "Oh, Elon bad, whatever."
you're missing out on one of the
greatest engineering stories in the
history of the world. Okay? So, if
you're interested in that, check out the
book. If you want to learn more about
these things and keep watching stuff,
not just about SpaceX, Tesla, whatever,
just disruptive innovation in general,
which we have a massive boom of in this
day and age of AI. Subscribe to the
channel and I hope that you enjoy all
the new videos we have coming out.
There's a bunch of crazy stuff happening
in the world, so of course we're going
to have a bunch of crazy videos
obviously. So, thank you so much for
watching. I hope this video was
informative and helpful and we'll see
you on the next one. Take it easy
everybody.