Channel:     futureaza
Title:       Tesla's Global Comeback Is Happening Faster Than Expected
URL:         https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sJMiFj2Z2I0
Published:   2026-06-04 18:00 UTC
Fetched:     2026-06-04 19:00 UTC

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Tesla sales have rebounded strongly in a
number of markets around the world. In
China, in Korea and Japan, even in
Europe, even in Germany, within Europe.
Uh these numbers may surprise some
folks, uh but they may not surprise
others. We're going to go into them
either way. We've also got some exciting
stuff to share about the Cybert truck
getting more affordable or going away
completely forever. Which is it? It's
kind of neither, kind of both. You'll
see. It's a lot of fun. And then of
[music] course we've got to have a chat
about some big big rumors. Rumors about
a newer, smaller SUV. Is it real? Are
those four sources legit? Or is Reuters
off their gourd again? I don't know. But
Herbert might have an idea or two.
That's why I'm going to bring him on.
We're going to have a chat all about it.
Herbert from Brighter in the house. I'm
Brian. Welcome to Futurza.
[singing]
So, Herbert, I know on your channel, I
don't know if it was yesterday or today,
we had a lengthy discussion about uh
some of Roland Percher's uh great charts
showing uh big growth by the time this
video is out. This is not new news
anymore. Roland does great work. It gets
a lot of eyeballs. Just give me the
overview. What are we talking in terms
of volume in countries? And is it is the
is the trend good? The
&gt;&gt; trend is very good. skyrocketing sales
across the world. I think uh the ones
that we covered were China, Australia,
Japan, Germany, and across all of them.
It's been fantastic. So, of course,
China, the wholesale volume there, 39%
growth in May, year-over-year. This is
the highest number so far this year, and
it's far outpacing what what happened in
2024 and 25. Australia Model Y was the
bestselling vehicle of any kind for the
month of May. It's the first time that
this electric car in electric car
history that it led in in Australia and
in Germany uh again just rebounded sales
passed all years except 2023. So it is
seems to be across the world. Now I
think you pointed out that most of this
or some of this could be because of the
gas prices. Now certainly if you're
looking at May I agree that that's the
case but this is a trend that seems to
be happening each month even prior to
the gas prices going up. So, let's talk
about that.
&gt;&gt; Well, and that's the thing is, uh, we're
seeing it's a good car. It was already
the bestselling car in the world for at
least a year, maybe two or three, uh,
depending how you count it. How do you
make that car sell even better? What do
you do when you're on top? You make the
car better and you don't increase the
price. Gas cars go up in price every
year. Gas prices, who knows from day to
day what they're going to cost. Uh but
electric cars have continued driving
down the cost curve.
The the growth story is not over.
Certainly not free VS probably also not
for Tesla. And yeah, if you're looking
at a record high 20% share in May uh in
Australia,
&gt;&gt; this is pretty exciting stuff. Uh sales
of the electric vehicles continued uh to
surge in Australia and Tesla's got a big
chunk of that despite having less
inventory on hand than others. Uh fun
fact, you can uh support the mission if
you so desire.
&gt;&gt; Fun fact.
&gt;&gt; That is that is a fun fact and uh it's
it's how I do this. It's it's YouTube is
lean living. You can also subscribe. It
is uh the nocost option. So, we were
talking about Cyber Cyber Truck. And on
Cybertruck, what we said is this came
out June 1st. Tesla's officially selling
used Cybert trucks directly from its
inventory. We'll ship them anywhere in
the country for 2500. Starting price at
662 for a used Foundation series. Now,
they take the FSD off. You get uh 3
months on a beast or a foundation.
Anyway, you get them 1 to 3 months of
FSD, 1 to 3 months of charging, but you
don't get the lifetime stuff because the
theory is that cost is key. I said,
"Hey, good news for bargain hunters."
Uh, anyone care about this?
&gt;&gt; Oh, I think it's already sold out. Take
a look at the [laughter]
&gt;&gt; sold.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; Bad news for bargain hunters was my
followup there.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. It's So, what conclusions can we
draw?
&gt;&gt; The conclusion is pretty simple and and
I think you and I have said this for a
little so long. Yeah, many people
consider Cybertruck to be a failure. Uh
the you know we the numbers that were
being expected by both Tesla themselves
and many of us were much higher uh you
know when it first came out especially
the production capacity of what they
were expecting did not sell as many as
they wanted. In fact a lot lower. Why?
Mostly because of price. How many people
were willing to pay over $100,000 for
the you know the introduction price but
they weren't able to bring that price
down to you know eventually to 80,000
eventually to the 65,000 price point and
that is the biggest reason why it did
not sell and now I think in the first
year of course yes you you have to kind
of you know the elephant in the room
there were some issues with the uh the
vehicle quality and that's because they
introduced a number of new technologies
And so I think that part was expected,
but I think it took a little bit longer
for them to finally resolve those,
probably the full year. Here we are now.
They're introducing the lower price
point uh Cybertruck and that is starting
to sell. I think the latest uh news is
that if you try to buy one of those
Cybert trucks now, it's they've delayed
when they'll be able to deliver to you
because they've already sold out. So I
think we're going to start seeing
Cybertruck sales increase. I don't know
how big of a hit it will be yet, if it's
a if it's a major hit again or if it's
just more like at least better than it
was last year.
&gt;&gt; And that's the reality. There were well
there were, you know, a million 2
million uh reservations placed on the
Cybert truck. Yes. But most of those
were for 39,000. Even adjusting for
inflation, that's 53,000. Now, mind you,
you get a whole lot more truck than you
were expecting for that price. the 50,
you know, the 39,000/53,000
adjusted for inflation truck was not
just rear wheel, but only had a stated
range of 250 mi. If you're only charging
20 to 80 really, you're getting like 180
miles. That is not a very capable truck.
I do not know how many people would have
actually been happy to receive that
truck regardless of the price. So, uh,
that's going to cut into sales. And
we've seen two examples now of the
Cybertruck getting a serious discount.
The first one was not a serious
discount. The first one was we're going
to take 10,000 off by cutting 30,000 of
utility. They sold what 600 of those
700. Nobody wanted that.
&gt;&gt; The second effort, the first real effort
we saw was at cutting the new price for
the, you know, the the slightly trimmed
down model. Deliveries beginning now.
VINs have gone out. The trucks are in
production. that only lasted what, a
week, 10 days. And they appear to have
moved quite a few units on that. If
that's sustainable, we could get that
back. Maybe that becomes the new
pricing. Maybe they're willing to just
have a little bit leaner margin on that
than they're used to just so they can
keep them moving. And this uh used truck
bonanza, this tent sale, everything must
go. Boy, did it. I think they've learned
several lessons here that really the
only thing holding back the Cybert truck
is the price despite its good.
&gt;&gt; There's another reason. There's another
reason. Uh I am of the mind that yes
there was brand damage last year and
that has result as we talked about just
earlier in the segment that globally
including Germany uh sales of Tesla cars
have gone back up again. But the one
vehicle that is the most, you know,
impacted what with that brand damage was
a Cybert truck. I believe the Cybert
truck screams,
you know. [laughter]
&gt;&gt; Yes.
&gt;&gt; Elon,
&gt;&gt; if you if you want to flip off every
Model 3 in one,
&gt;&gt; yeah,
&gt;&gt; you're going to have a repetitive stress
injury. It's [laughter] like playing
Slug in Mexico in the 80s. Don't do it.
&gt;&gt; It's in your face, you know. Uh it's a
tough tough car, you It's it's a
completely different look than anything
else out there. People assume that it's
just, you know, monster truck coming on
taking over the roads when all the other
[laughter] trucks out there by other car
makers are even bigger in size. But it's
just the way that that, you know, steel
and the way that it appears. I think
that that is uh pronounced brand damage
in terms of some people just are don't
want to be driven driving around in that
model wise. are probably okay now, but
this one is probably has lingering some
effects. Now, I believe that with price
down though, you will not you it will
skyrocket, the sales will go back up
again and uh and then this will just
dissolve this issue. So, it's not going
to be really that impacted to it. But I
think that we have to talk about it. I
think that as you get, you know, tens of
thousands more, hundreds of thousands
more out on the road, you do reach a
point where
&gt;&gt; hating something becomes uh at least a
full-time job. But maybe, you know,
&gt;&gt; you know,
&gt;&gt; there are a lot of people whose whole
life feels dedicated to devoting hate to
something that has nothing to do with
their lives. You and I will see them in
the comments periodically. someone just
negative negative negative and you click
to see their comment history. Guys, we
can see your comment history. Don't
don't show up on your hundth comment and
say, "Well, as a longtime Tesla
investor, my friend, my brother in
Christ, I can see that you're not a
Tesla investor. You've made that clear."
&gt;&gt; But when you see people who are posting
these things, I have haters on the
channel who have posted well over a
hundred times.
&gt;&gt; Yeah,
&gt;&gt; this is not a healthy hobby for you. Uh,
but you know, thank you for leaving the
comment that forces YouTube to show my
video to more people. A+ number one job
on that. [snorts]
Let's talk real quick about this rumor.
Now, this is from a Reuters report. I'm
not showing Reuters because Reuters has
a payw wall and um they are uh cordially
invited to stuff that somewhere. Tesla's
working on a new car and it's going to
be exactly what many are hoping for, a
smaller, cheaper electric SUV. This is
according to Reuters which spoke with
four people familiar with the matter.
&gt;&gt; Four.
&gt;&gt; I Well, it does
&gt;&gt; huge.
&gt;&gt; I mean,
&gt;&gt; it's great.
&gt;&gt; It sounds good. It sounds good. But I
will hasten to remind you that Reuters
was the one who said that Tesla was
going to build a factory in Mexico City
at the airport and fly the cars out,
which is
the dumbest thing. If anyone had looked
twice, if an editor had seen that story,
they'd have said, "You can't run that.
That's clearly gibberish. What else is
wrong with it?" Reuters has a track
record of if someone will tell them
something, they will print it. They are
the weekly world news of modern media.
Uh this according to Reuters spoke with
four people. It will be an entirely new
model, not a variant of the 3 or Y. So
this isn't going to be the Y L. No, this
is going to be about 14 ft long, making
it considerably shorter than the Model
Y, which is 15.7. It'll be substantially
cheaper than the Model 3, which is
currently starting at 37,000.
So, the new SUV, which Tesla plans to
manufacture in China, might also be
offered with a smaller battery and just
a single motor instead of two. Both the
Model 3 and Y can come with one or two.
This would make the car lighter than
other Tesla models. How? But the battery
might also mean uh it'll have more range
than existing model. No details. We
don't have details, you guys. The fact
that they're working on something isn't
secret. Just a few weeks ago, Elon said,
"We're working on something way cooler
than a minivan, but smaller than a Model
Y, guys. What What are you doing?
Thoughts on this?" Definitely credible
rumor.
&gt;&gt; Well, let's unpack this. First of all,
like I said, four people uh they're just
they're just doing articles. They just
want to create an article. That's fun.
That's what this is. Now, let's break it
down, though. What's the likelihood that
Tesla will make a net new car that's not
built off the Model 3, Model Y?
Unlikely, very low probability. Now, it
could they could I I could be convinced
that they might do a variant of the
Cybertruck.
So, one of the questions I had Joe
Techmire asked I asked Joe Techmire when
I had him on, he he's of course
understands the Giga Texas really,
really well. What percentage of that
factory is dedicated to Cybertruck? and
he showed me you know the percent it's m
on the facility it is huge
&gt;&gt; like more of that f facility is for
cybert truck than it is for the robo
taxi cyber caps
&gt;&gt; and so I said you know wouldn't they
want to cut that down so they can do
build more cyber cabs because obviously
that's the future and he said he can't
this is not like you know you've got
these machines and everything it's all
automated you can't just cut it down so
they they have too much in investing ed
a too much in the infrastructure for
building cyber trucks that did not reach
the production levels that they thought
that they were going to reach. So for me
it was like okay that makes sense that
they might create a cyber SUV. If they
created a cyber SUV they would then use
the same line create a different variant
of the Cybert truck but this article
says it's not going to be in Giga Texas
it's going to be in China. Okay so now
let's talk about China. Now, you are the
one that has told me many times over
that China's already full. It's not like
you can just add a new production line
there, just magically find space for
that. On the other side, yeah, I can
imagine that Tesla might consider in
China, specifically China, the blood
bath that's going on, the the market,
the competition, that they might want to
introduce a lowerc cost vehicle that is
more of an SUV stripped down just like
you described. So that I can say the the
reasoning why they might do it. Yes. But
and again I'm just pulling pushing back
again as well because I think you know
Tesla has decided that they are flipped
the book and we're no longer going to
create drivable cars. I don't know how
many times Lars Morvy said this not Elon
Lars who you can trust a little bit more
when he says something you know like not
that you know what I mean like his his
guy in charge of the these guy the
vehicle production. He said the Roadster
is really going to be our, you know,
last harrah and we want to make our last
drivable car to be the best. For them to
go, I'm going to create a brand. If
that's not a variant of the Model S,
Model Y and an L, that is uh that is
shocking that if that that they would
create a brand new car that's not built
in a Cybertruck, not built in a Model Y,
Line, create a brand new thing from
scratch. No, it's not going to happen. I
love the idea that they do this grand
exit with a speech and fanfare and a mic
drop moment and they leave on a high
note and then they come back in and go,
"I left my keys. [laughter]
Did anyone see my keys?"
Uh, kind of takes the thunder out of it
a bit. I I just want to wait for my
Uber. It's actually raining. Uh, I'm
just just don't pay just ignore me. So
that I agree with you. In Fremont,
there's no room. In Texas, I guess
there's room, but the article says no,
it'd be in China. And in Shanghai, the
site is maxed out. You would want to
rededicate one of the Model Y lines to a
new product. If the Model Y was not
selling, it's selling very well. So,
it's not like they're clamoring for
something to use this space for. There's
too many pieces to the story that don't
add up, that don't make sense. So, I
don't know what uh on earth they're
talking about. Guys, in the comments, if
you know anything, um especially if you
are four people with inside information
&gt;&gt; [laughter]
&gt;&gt; uh which
&gt;&gt; one of those four,
&gt;&gt; no, not one of them. I need you to be
those four pe I need you to be four
people who have the information. I
believe if you respond below telling me
that you are four people, it is just as
valid. And I can report according to my
four sources, [laughter]
which of course will probably be, you
know, slower cuber and digital blade
Canada will will volunteer for that
position. LJ uh maybe would would
volunteer. Yeah, I'm four people.
Absolutely. Brian, what do you need me
to say? So guys, what do we miss? What
do we misunderstand? Leave it in the
comments below and stay tuned. Stay
juicy. And I can't wait to hear from you
clever robots. Perhaps this weekend in
Michigan, which I can finally stop
promoting. Don't worry, Monday I'll
start promoting something completely
different that I'll be at. And these are
not sponsored segments. I don't get paid
to say this. I just want you there. So,
uh, big thanks to Herbert from Brighter
for hanging out. Check out his channel.
He does fantastic work. And everyone
else, stay tuned, stay juicy, and I
cannot wait to hear from you. Robots
then. Yeah.