Channel:     jobhakdi
Title:       Why Banks Are VERY WRONG About SpaceX Compute Cost
URL:         https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CxY6WS0iLgM
Published:   2026-09-25 15:55 UTC
Fetched:     2026-09-25 17:00 UTC

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

As you know, we here in Pioneerland, we
always look at the future and the most
important companies in the world. And
one of them is definitely, no pun
intended, in the world, SpaceX going to
space. And the central premise of SpaceX
besides AGI where it directly competes
with OpenAI and Enthropic. The other
biggest pitch of SpaceX is they can
bring compute the AI data centers that
are so contested right now all over the
world in the United States. Everyone
hates them. Well, not everyone. Some
love them, want to build more. President
Trump says builds more, but a lot of
people are protesting. Not in my
neighborhood. Blah blah blah. You know
the whole story. Now, one of the biggest
pitches of SpaceX, of this company, is
that they bring these data centers into
space. And we here are all about
quantification of these future
trajectories and the business and
economics behind it because that is what
really matters in the end. It is all
great to have technology. It is all
great to have visions and all kinds of
stuff. But in the end what counts is
only money because only money makes the
world go round again. No pun intended.
So the question is what is the latest
debate for these costs of these data
centers? And I want to show you guys
some examples how wrong the banks can be
and why we need to build our own
analytics capability and that's what we
do in Pioneer Alpha and Pioneer Lands.
That's why we are outperforming the
market extremely and why we know what
happens before other people do. So what
we do here is we are looking at what
other banks say for example Bank of
America and compare that with the
realistic outlook of how much this will
actually cost. That's our specialty that
we understand how much will we actually
pay for these installed AI satellites.
And here's my example that we want to go
through today. And I will show you a
whole model that you can download in
Pioneer Lens. Now it's live. the first
version of our SpaceX AI compute model.
You can play around with it.
pioneerance.org. But here's what Bank of
America says that triggered my entire
team to actually build this model for
ourselves to say, "Wait a moment. We
have very different numbers here. Why is
that?" Bank of America says 1 gawatt of
a orbital data center currently costs
160 to 180 billion compared to
terrestrial data centers at 40 to 60
billion with the cost of launch being
$50 billion.
Isn't that interesting? So, we were
looking into that. How can that be that
they get to these numbers and we get to
dramatically different numbers? And
actually, Tesla Larry posted more of
that. He had a summary. You can see it
right here. He had a summary of all the
different crazy numbers that people come
up with. And in the defense of Bank of
America, by the way, they said
currently, which is not true because
there are no current data centers. You
have to look into the future when this
actually happens in 2 years. But Larry
says orbital data center cost takes by
street analysts making the rounds.
Woodmak says $170 billion per gigawatt
compared to you know 40 to 60 billion
let's say 50 billion currently when you
build it on the ground. So they are
saying one gawatt built data center on
the ground cost you 50 billion right now
all in but in space it cost you 170
billion. Bank of America says roughly
160 to 180 165 we assume there's another
company called Futurum and they say 72
billion per gawatt but that's only the
infrastructure that is not the launch
and that is not the compute and then BNB
pariba says over 100 billion just for
launch for 1 gawatt that is all
completely nuts and we are going to go
into this whole spreadsheet now to
actually see what happens and that's
just just for launch which is totally
totally nuts. So, and we actually, you
know, toned that down a little bit
because they're too crazy. So we build a
model and I want to go with you through
that model right now and that model will
give you all kinds of interesting
insights and I want to start with our
launch course to just explain how we
even get there because as you will see
in this model here is what we will end
up with where you see what's happening
and BNP Pariba we didn't even read all
the details of these guys because they
are already out of question but we dug a
little deeper into Futurum Bank of
America and Wood McKenzie and as you can
See pioneer alpha that is us we have
completely different numbers we get to
by 2035 and by 2028 of course these
people and here comes the difference
they are saying these are the current
costs bank of America for example and
wood mckenzie and so on and I wouldn't
even contest that that's a completely
hypothetical thing to say what are the
current costs there are no current data
centers in space there are no current AI
satellites in space there is currently
no rocket that makes it in any way
feasible to go into base. But all of
that changes by 2028. It is that simple.
By 2028, this will all completely be
different because we know two things. We
know that Starship is going on its
flight 14 next week on September 28th.
And that flight will blueprint the
future because that is the first flight
of Starship that goes six times around
the earth 6x orbital that deploys 26
true starink v3 satellites and prove the
entire concept and that is the first big
thing you see these orange costs are the
launch costs they are currently assuming
a bunch of things here you see what
they're assuming they assuming launch
cost of 2,500 2 and a half thousand
bucks roughly into space I don't know
what futurum is actually doing. They're
assuming a more realistic number of
1,400 bucks. But here's you see what we
are assuming. We assuming 738
per kilogram, not 2,600. And by 2035, we
assuming $177. And I think we're pretty
spot on with that. Why is that
difference so large? Because we look
into the future, which makes it much
more realistic when you talk about the
future. And the future is a future where
Starship lifts 150 tons to orbit as
opposed to some ridiculously low number
20 tons and less with the current
rockets if you're lucky 20 tons. And
that brings down the cost dramatically.
And there's another factor, reusability.
But we are not even going crazy on
reusability. The 738 assumes still a
one-time use of Starship. So we are very
conservative here for 2028. Assume
Starship is not really ready by 2028 to
be reusable and still you're getting to
$738 per kilogram which of course
dramatically lowers launch costs. As you
can see here we are at 18 billion launch
costs. They're at 52 billion right and
BNP Parrot Bus depending on how you read
their report might even say 100 billion.
And so that is the first thing the
orange part that they currently assume
is completely off 18 billion versus 50
billion. That's a big big difference.
And as you see here, we even going down
to 3.6 billion by 2035 because then for
sure Starship will be reusable. You have
a much higher run rate by the way in
manufacturing of the Starships. All of
that brings down the costs very very
dramatically and that is important to
understand. Okay, that's a that's a very
very big difference in how these things
work. So So that is the first big
difference we have to assume. And you
see also in the other segments, look at
this. The other segments, what is this
dark blue? Dark blue means hardware.
What means hardware? It is not the
compute. These are not Nvidia chips.
It's also not Tesla terra chips. The
dark blue is just the surrounding
hardware infrastructure. What does that
exactly mean? It seems Bank of America
and Wood McKenzie and even Futurum don't
really understand what that means. Cuz I
can tell you exactly what it means. It
means a stalling satellite whose cost
structure are very well understood with
extended solar panels and extended
radiators to get the heat out. That is
all you need and some very very trivial
additional compute infrastructure
without the chips. Why without the
chips? Because the chips are the light
blue. The light blue are the actual GPUs
and CPUs and the core chipset, the stuff
you buy from Nvidia. That is the light
blue. And as you can see the light blue,
we are all pretty much in sync, right?
Pioneer Alpha, Wood Mckenzie, Bank of
America, BMP, Parabus, Infurum assume
the same things. Even though BMP
paradas, we assume that because they're
not clear on it. But everyone has the
same number because these numbers are
known. So that's not the difference
here. The difference are launch costs.
But even more than launch costs, it is
hardware, the surrounding
infrastructure. And what these people
don't understand, it seems, is what this
infrastructure actually is. It is solar
panels that are cheap. It is radiators
that are cheap. These are very cheap
materials. Of course, space ready. They
need a little bit of refinement. But we
talking about very cheap materials. We
are talking about something that's
deeply and completely understood by tes,
not by Tesla, by SpaceX because they're
already doing it. All these components
are on the stalling satellites and you
already have over 10,000 of them in
orbit right now. You have over 10,000 of
these things already circulating in
orbit. And the EI satellites will be the
exact same thing only with more solar
and more radiators. So there is not much
unknown here and that is why we can
compute these costs with pretty high
pretty high accuracy. So that is
happening and I will go into some more
details here. By the way you see these
beautiful satellites here. This is the
compute satellite star mind. And as you
can see if you compare for example here
you compare this satellite which is the
starling satellite. No that's the star
mine satellite sorry. So we know that
the star mine satellite has a much much
larger solar array as you can see here.
This is all solar. Then here this little
one and you can see the solar is sun
synchronous. It is directed towards the
sun 24/7. It it collects the sun rays
24/7 40% better four times better energy
per square foot than on Earth because
you have higher solar flux roughly 40%
more than on Earth. Plus, you have 24
hours of sun per day. And [snorts] then
this little one that's orthogonal to the
sun because it wants to avoid all sun
rays is the radiators that take the heat
from the GPUs, very high heat, and
radiated out into the vacuum and
coldness of space. Hey, on this channel,
we do something very important. We
deeply analyze, understand, and predict
capital, AGI, and politics. Not just to
beat the markets and make a lot of
money, even though that's important, but
also to build a new society and make the
future good for all of us, the pioneers.
If you want to help me on this journey,
you can do that by doing a very simple
thing. Like and subscribe. It helps me a
lot. Thank you so much for your support.
And let's get back to the video. The
vacuum is not so good for getting rid of
heat because that's there is no
conduction. But you can radiate it out
based on some smart physics formula. And
the higher the temperature differential
is between what you radiate out the
surface and the surrounding space the
easier it is. So in in deep space or in
orbital space that is actually very
easy. So that is cheap materials. They
radiate out in both directions ideally.
And here this little thing in the middle
that is where the computer is. This tiny
little thing in the middle is where the
computer is. Okay. So that's what we are
talking about here. And I want to give
you a little bit more insight into how
we get to these prices. So here you see
the bottom line. We arrive at Pioneer
Alpha at 68 billion per gawatt all in.
And we believe this goes down to 43
billion by 2020 2035. Okay. 2035. And
why is that? Because you of course
achieve additional reusability, drive
down launch cost dramatically more, but
you also achieve some more efficiency in
the other components. And to understand
the underlying assumptions, I want to
just give you some ideas. And as I said,
you can download this model and play
around yourself. But it's a very
interesting model. We only have three
tabs in the model. The banks versus
pioneer alpha, which is this overview.
Then you have our assumptions for mass
per gigawatt, which is one of the key
inputs, right? You want to understand if
you build a data center how much mass do
you have to get into orbit to build one
gigawatt. You have different methods
here. You have bottom up versus direct
and kilowatt per ton. So there the
bottom up is a basium model where we add
all the stuff you see it's solar area
and solar area power radiator heat
rejection area right this is not area
this is the watt per square meter that
you achieve. So you can basically if
you're a physics geek I'm sure you find
some errors or you want to refine some
things go into the model and you can
look into all these inputs and they
actually update the mass because the
mass is a function of the efficiency you
achieve right so you have a certain need
for heat radiation and the amount of
radiation you achieve here bare base and
bullcase you can edit maybe you're an
expert in heat radiation in space and
you say are you nuts Joe what are you
talking about 1,400 watts per square
meter you lost your marbles is I did it
yesterday. We ran a test and it was
1,378.
So what are you talking about? And then
you can go in and add your number,
right? But we have reasonable
assumptions here. I think radiator area
you have and then that you need right
these are function of these and some
other functions. So radiator aral mass
you know you can put this in how many
kilogram per square meter you need and
so on and so forth. So all of these are
the bottomup model and they get you to
that number. Okay. And then you have a
certain efficiency improvement here. Uh
I'm not going through all the details
but we basically assume the mass
reduction per year we can achieve three
efficiencies. 2% in the bare case. Every
year everything becomes 2% lighter right
because you can engineer. In the base
case it's 3% every year and in the bull
case 5% every year right? And that leads
to massive massive improvements. Plus of
course the base assumption is different
from these different cases. And we use
the base case in our comparison. 25,000
tons. 25,000
tons you need to shoot into orbit all in
GPUs, satellites, including solar
radiators, blah blah blah, laser links,
25,000 tons to get 1 gawatt space
compute. And then, you know, of course,
Starship transports 150 tons per launch.
And you can do very simple math. And
that is this tab here. That's the launch
cost overview where you basically see
all the relevant numbers. And you get
here your inputs here, your key inputs
you can play around with, right? You can
say terrestrial data center cost is just
for a comparison sheet. You can see
space hardware here. You can say how
much is how much does the space hardware
cost including compute. 50 billion is
our assumption. So we are on par. We
assume the satellites are actually on
par. By the way, we have a version 1.1
coming up soon of this model where you
can also put in the compute cost versus
the actual only satellite cost. But we
have it in one number here 50 50 billion
we are basically saying and that's
important you have to think in base
assumptions that we achieve parody with
terrestrial buildout terrestrial you you
spend roughly 31 billion on GPUs and the
rest is stuff right you have to have a
building you have to have cooling you
have to have all these things that go
into a data center all that stuff you
don't need in satellites and instead you
need solar and radiators I think it's
actually very likely that you undercut
terrestrial total buildout costs cuz he
said lights are will be cheaper in mass
production than building these stupid
large data center hulls all over the
place. And then there are some more
assumptions that are important. The way
we compute that is based on my initial
insurance model too. So we have
something I want to just show you here
how important that is. You see in this
chart, you see in this chart when we
compute our launch costs that this
orange piece of the launch cost is
actually just the failure risk and that
is computed from how often does it fail.
How often does the rocket blow up. Okay?
And you see that failure risk goes down
over time. But if the rocket blows up or
something happens to the cargo and the
rocket, it's expensive. And that failure
risk in 2028 you can input that here up
here failure risk basically here you
have you know how many explosions per
launch this is actually in percent right
so we have 5% blow up 2% blow up and
then we go from there so that is
basically that shows you I don't think
this is 2% that's actually wrong I think
we have to say 5% here but we had a
higher percent so we have actually a
pretty set 50% here huh so here oh oops
Sorry about this. You have to you have
to play around with this. But flights
per chip. Here is the flights per chip.
By the way, here you can play around
with how often you can use the Starship.
This is basically a Starship. How often
can it be used? Is it a one-time use?
And here below is the booster, right?
You have to also differentiate that. And
all of that goes into the actual
calculation. I can show you what that
means. We just had this beautiful photo
here. You see on this photo what this
means down here that's the booster right
and up here is the Starship. So the
booster can already be reused. Tesla
continuously is able to catch these
boosters, reland them and reuse them
rapidly. They have never done it with
Starship but they're in the process. I
think in two more test flights they will
try to catch Starship and our assumption
currently is that they will not be able
to reuse Starship anytime soon. So
that's pretty shocking because I think
they will, right? So in our model we are
assuming well they can't reuse Starship
and it's going to take a while for them
to achieve that but by 2035 they will
consistently reuse Starship. And so that
is basically the piece of the model down
here where you can enter your
assumptions how often you can use
Starship and how here for example that's
why it goes down so much the costs 10
flights by 2035 per starship or one
flight per starship and that gives you
this comparison. So there you have this
whole situation. I messed this thing up.
Doesn't matter. And then down here by
the way you have more inputs. You can
look through all of this stuff. If
you're a geek and you like all the
details, you can basically say you can
also select what the production runs
are, right? This is comes goes all into
this model like do you manufacture 10
boosters and starships or do you
manufacture 100 or a,000 or 10,000? And
you can basically select this up here,
right? Because that changes the entire
cost structure too. But for now, we are
very conservative. 2028 we say they have
runs of 10 manufacturing runs. I think
that's actually a little conservative.
And even in 2035, we assuming they only
have 100 runs per manufacturing system.
And that's very conservative. So all of
that leads us to basically these
assumptions you're seeing here. Now that
I brought down the percent, by the way,
it goes down a little bit. So now you
see the assumptions and why we are
getting to a clear beat. And we have
worked a lot on these models and I'm not
I'm pretty sure we are not wrong about
them. So, it's going to be very
interesting to see how the future
unfolds, but it just tells you a little
bit how off these banks can be because
I'm quite sure with a 60 billion all-in,
we are very close to reality. I think
it's going to be probably 55 billion,
270, maybe 80 billion if everything goes
wrong. But there is no way in hell that
you're anywhere close 100 billion or 170
billion. And so these are the little
mistakes that are happening with the
analysts that are not little mistakes
because if we are right at 60 billion in
2028 and they are talking 170 billion
it's highly misleading. Even if they
then say oh we said it's current it's
not 2028. Well if you tell everyone it's
160 or 170 billion end of 2026 and in
2027 that's negligent if it's actually
60 billion next year. So in order to
predict the future it's very important
to see that we are very close to cost
parody on earth we have it we have it
here to have comparison to terrestrial.
Yeah here you see basically our
comparison to terrestrial and what you
see is by 2020
2035 we will undercut terrestrial
because terrestrial is not going to get
cheaper at all. Terrestrial is going to
get more expensive. there is no
efficiency you can achieve
terrestrially. And so we we believe that
you achieve actually space cost parody
with earth built out very very soon
probably in 2029 already and then space
becomes cheaper than earth and even
before it becomes cheaper it's vastly
more attractive because it's immediate
you don't need permitting you have no
oversight you can do whatever you want
you can launch immediately these are the
biggest things right now it's not even
even being a little bit more expensive
in the beginning and it's only a tiny
little it is going to be so much more
attractive than terrestrial and that is
the reason why I am so bullish
strategically for that piece of SpaceX
which can be absolutely enormous. So let
me know in the comments what you think.
Go to pioneerance.org to download this
model and of course leave us your
improvement once you have the model and
I'm very excited. I know we have a lot
of smart viewers. You probably know more
than I do some of you about you know the
architecture and the engineering of
these AI satellites. So if you give us
input, we will build it into the next
versions and improve this model. But we
are going to beat these analysts that
say crazy things that are just not true.
So I hope that was interesting. See you
very soon.