Channel:     theteslaspace
Title:       Thorium Nuclear Power Is INSANE
URL:         https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=R9rA-eeTfbY
Published:   2026-07-08 19:00 UTC
Fetched:     2026-07-08 20:00 UTC

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

The world has an energy problem. Our
demand for electricity is infinite. But
our supply is limited, expensive, and in
some cases even deadly. Now, what if I
told you that the key to a sustainable,
abundant future for all is inside this
box? It's not magic. It's nuclear power.
But this is nuclear done in a way that
the world has never seen before. A
better, safer solution to the energy
problem. All thanks to one very special
element. And to better understand this
element, we actually traveled all the
way to Copenhagen, Denmark, where we
learned about the future of nuclear
energy from the people who are building
it right now. But before we can talk
about nuclear power as a solution, we
have to acknowledge that nuclear also
has a big problem. It's very unpopular
with a very large number of people who
believe that this method of generating
electricity is just too dangerous. And
they're not entirely wrong. Chernobyl
was bad. Fukushima was bad. Three-mile
island was almost very bad. Of course,
no one wants to see any of these
accidents repeated in the modern day.
And that's why modern nuclear scientists
are dedicating their work to creating
new ways to harness nuclear energy.
Learning from the mistakes of the past
to ensure a future that is sustainable
and abundant. That is where this one
very special element comes in. It's
called Thorium. And this is a nuclear
fuel for the future of humanity. But we
can't really explain how thorium will
make a difference until we understand
how nuclear energy has worked up until
the present day. At the heart of it all
is a process called fision. Often
referred to as splitting the atom.
What's an atom, though? Well, in simple
terms, they are the building blocks of
all matter in the universe. The periodic
table of elements, those are all of the
different kinds of atoms that we've
discovered so far. At the center of each
atom is a little ball of tiny particles
that is the nucleus. Inside that ball
are protons and neutrons. The number of
protons in the nucleus determines what
element that atom is going to be. And
the more protons it contains, the
heavier the element will become. So
hydrogen is up here at the top of the
periodic table. It has one proton in the
nucleus and is the lightest element in
the known universe. Down here on the
other end is Lorencium with 103 protons
all crammed into one nucleus. There are
neutrons inside the nucleus as well, but
these particles affect the atom in a
much different way. The proton count
determines the element type, but the
neutron count can give you a different
variety of that element. It's like if
you have a regular Cheeto and a Flaming
Hot Cheeto. They're both still Cheetos,
just different flavors. But instead of
flavors, atoms have isotopes. And much
like with snack foods, some isotopes can
get spicy, which in this case means that
they can become unstable. Now, if we
back up to the periodic table a little
bit, we find some more familiar names.
Plutonium and uranium. We know that
these are associated with nuclear
energy, atomic bombs, radiation, all of
that stuff. And the reason for that
being these are naturally radioactive
heavy metals that contain a big nucleus
full of protons and neutrons. That makes
them very good candidates for nuclear
fision. Because the bigger the nucleus,
the easier it is to destabilize and
break apart. The simple reason for that
is since protons are positively charged,
they have a tendency to repel each other
like trying to push two north poles of a
magnet together. Now, the force that
holds the protons together is something
called binding energy. And that's
actually created by the mass of the atom
itself. This might sound confusing, and
honestly, it is. But here's something
that should be familiar to you. This is
Einstein's famous equation, E= MC². And
here's what that actually says. Energy
is equal to mass multiplied by the
constant, which is the speed of light
squared. Still confusing, but in very
simple terms, this is all you really
need to know. Mass is energy and energy
is mass. Bringing that back to our
uranium, we know that it has a lot of
protons, which means that it has a lot
of energy. So now all we have to do is
get that energy out. The way we do that
is by shooting the atom. In this case,
our ammunition is a free neutron, and
our aim is to hit that atom and force it
to absorb the extra neutron. Remember
that adding a neutron to an atom is
going to change its flavor or its
isotope. And if our goal is to break
that atom apart, then we want to begin
with one that's already very spicy, or
in other words, unstable in our nuclear
reaction, that isotope is called uranium
235, which means that it has 92 protons
plus 143 neutrons. This is a big spicy
atom that's just barely holding itself
together. So, when we hit it with an
extra neutron, it's going to push that
whole unstable nucleus over the edge,
and the atom will break apart. The
splitting process does two things. It
releases the stored up energy that was
binding the protons together and it also
sends a bunch of the neutrons that were
inside the nucleus flying out at very
high speed. Now those free neutrons are
going to smash into more uranium 235
atoms which will break them apart and
release more energy and more neutrons
and so on and so on. This is what we
call a chain reaction. Once we get the
party started by splitting one atom,
then fishision will just continue until
all of the uranium is broken. As long as
that chain reaction is maintained, the
atoms will continue releasing their
energy. That energy is going to take the
form of heat. And heat can be very
useful. So now all we do is move that
heat out of the reactor, which is good
because we don't want it to get so hot
that it melts down. And we can just put
that heat to work doing something
useful. In this case, boiling water.
Boiled water releases steam and that
steam can be concentrated into a jet
that spins a turbine and that turbine
can spin a generator which converts
rotation into electricity. So yes,
nuclear power is steam power. It's just
a matter of where the heat comes from
that boils the water. Now that all
sounds great, and it is, but there is a
downside to the whole process. Remember,
we just violently smashed our uranium
atom into bits. What do those bits
become? Well, that's nuclear waste, also
known as fision products. The broken
clumps of protons from the split uranium
will reform into a variety of heavy
elements. But all of those newly created
atoms are going to be highly unstable.
This means that they are going to begin
a process called radioactive decay. This
is actually a transition from an
unstable atom to a stable one. And this
happens by converting some of those
excess neutrons into protons. It's
pretty cool. But the problem is that the
decay process also releases something
called a gamma ray as the neutron
transitions into a proton. According to
Marvel comics, gamma rays will transform
a person into the Incredible Hulk. But
in real life, they just give you cancer.
&gt;&gt; Mayor West, you have lymphoma.
&gt;&gt; Oh my. Probably from rolling around in
that toxic waste.
&gt;&gt; It's totally fair for people to be
afraid of this nuclear waste product.
It's scary. but can also be safe as long
as we store the fision products in a way
that is going to prevent the gamma rays
from escaping until the decay process
has ended which is going to be a few
tens of thousands of years
unfortunately. Now one thing everyone
can agree on is the fact that we should
be creating as little of this nuclear
waste product as possible and there is a
way to accomplish that. It just requires
a completely new approach to nuclear
power. The first change we're going to
make is with our fuel source. Instead of
uranium, we move up the periodic table
two spots and we find thorium. This is
also a naturally radioactive heavy metal
and it just happens to be one of the
most abundant heavy metals in the
Earth's crust. There is probably three
or four times more thorium available
than uranium. The more rare an element
is, the more expensive it becomes. So,
thorium would be a huge advantage for
creating cheaper energy, which is great,
although it doesn't help with the
nuclear waste thing. And we'll get
there. But first, we need to acknowledge
a big problem with thorium. It doesn't
break as easily as uranium. So, you
can't just split a thorium atom by
shooting it with a neutron. It is not
fishable, which means you cannot just
trade uranium fuel for thorium. Your
reactor wouldn't work anymore. And this
is a problem. And yet, nuclear
scientists still believe that thorium
will be the fuel of the future.
scientists like Thomas Peterson, the
founder of Copenhagen Atomics, whose
team was kind enough to fly us all out
to Denmark just to take a look at this
stuff for ourselves. Thanks again, guys.
And what they showed us was their
solution to the thorium problem. That
starts by replacing solid fuel with
liquid. Traditionally, there would be
solid uranium inside the reactor. You
take the metal and grind it up into a
powder, then compress that powder into
pellets. Then you stack a bunch of those
pellets into a fuel rod. Inside the fuel
rod is where your fision chain reaction
is going to take place. In between each
fuel rod is a space to insert a control
rod. Those are made from a much more
stable metal like boron that can absorb
a lot of neutrons without getting too
spicy. So eventually the control rods
will absorb all of the free neutrons
which will bring the chain reaction to a
stop. All these rods are surrounded by
water that absorbs the heat from the
fision reaction and boils into steam to
spin the generator. As long as we keep
pumping in more cold water, everything
stays in balance. The problems start
when we lose the ability to add more
water. Because even with the control
rods in and the chain reaction at a
stop, the fuel rods are still full of
this super unstable decaying waste
product that will only get hotter and
more radioactive as time goes on. And
without cold water to absorb that, the
heat will rise until the reactor itself
begins to melt, hence the meltdown. At
Copenhagen Atomics, they embrace the
melting process by dissolving their fuel
into a raging hot liquid of molten salt
and then pumping that through their
reactor core. Now, if the first thing
that comes to mind when you imagine
molten salt is a thick lava-like
material, then that's totally normal. I
thought the same thing, too. But when
they heat their salt mixture to between
500 and 1,000° C, it actually takes on
the same consistency as running water,
which means that it can be pumped like
any other liquid, just a very hot one.
And that probably brings up the second
thing that comes to mind, which is hot
salt rusting out all of the pumps and
plumbing. As someone who's driven
through many Canadian winters, I am well
aware that salt plus metal equals rust.
But this is not always true. The reason
that the bottom of my car is all rusted
out has more to do with the exposure to
oxygen, water, and dirt than just salt
alone. Salt will accelerate the process
for sure, but it's not the cause of the
problem. So, what Copenhagen Atomics
does is purify their salt to such a high
level that it does not corrode the metal
in their pump or their plumbing.
&gt;&gt; So, you can see that if if you were to
run with unpurified salt for 5 years,
you would get quite a lot of corrosion.
In this case, there's almost no
corrosion. And this means that this can
easily run for 5 years.
&gt;&gt; Now, creating a pump motor that would
run at 700° C was still not easy. At
that temperature, your lubricant would
break down and friction would ruin the
mechanism. So, Copenhagen Atomics
invented a pump that levitates the
rotating parts on magnetic bearings,
which eliminates friction from the
equation. This is all very cool, but it
doesn't necessarily explain why we are
going through all of the trouble to use
liquid fuel in this nuclear reactor. You
see, the biggest advantage is that
molten salt is constantly flowing
through the reactor, meaning that it's
not trapped inside a solid fuel rod, and
the liquid can be filtered as it moves.
So, what they can do is remove all of
the broken atoms that have already been
split, the nuclear waste, and prevent
those from building up inside the fuel
supply. This makes the fuel more
efficient because there's less waste to
interfere with the fishision process.
The free neutrons will have a clear path
to hitting splitable atoms. And this
also means you get more usable material
out of your fuel source. In a
traditional reactor, once the fuel rods
build up a high enough concentration of
waste product, you have to remove the
whole thing and put it into a safety
storage facility. There is still going
to be usable uranium 235 in that rod,
but it's outnumbered by waste. So, you
just have to toss it. Now, the whole
point of all this is to replace uranium
with thorium, right? So, let's get into
how that actually works. Going back to
our nuclear fision reaction, if you hit
a thorium atom with an extra neutron, it
won't split, but it will change in a
very important way. So, we begin with an
isotope of thorium called 232. That's
our 90 protons plus 142 neutrons. That's
still a pretty big spicy atom, but it's
just not quite spicy enough to become
fishable. It needs more seasoning. We
call this a fertile atom. So when we hit
thorium 232 with a free neutron, it
becomes thorium 233. And this is where
the atom starts to become more unstable,
which triggers the radioactive decay
process that we talked about before,
where the neutrons begin to transition
into protons. The cool thing about
thorium 233 is that it decays very
quickly. So after about an hour that
extra neutron has become a new proton
which increases the atomic number from
90 to 91 which means that our thorium
has become a new element protactinium.
Now our new isotope protactinium 233 is
also very unstable so it will begin to
decay as well. This step takes a little
longer but after a couple of months the
protactinium will have gained yet
another atomic number which brings us up
to 92 which is uranium. So we started
this process with thorium 232 and we
ended up with uranium 233. This is
different from uranium 235 that we used
to begin our first nuclear fision. And
that's a very good thing because this
difference works to our advantage.
Uranium 233 is a better fuel than 235.
It's easier to split. It releases more
energy and creates a more powerful chain
reaction that will split more atoms. So
you get a more efficient nuclear
reaction when using uranium 233 as a
fuel source. The reason we use 235 is
because it is a naturally occurring
isotope. The only way to get uranium 233
is to create it from the fertile thorium
232. We call this process breeding.
Okay, let's head back to Copenhagen
atomics to wrap this up. So over there
we have this onion core which is a big
round thing and there's sort of a
schematic here where it's sort of cut
through the middle and you can see the
different layers on the inside. Inside
the very center of the core is an
ovalshaped container of water. This
provides cooling and it also helps to
slow down the free neutrons which
sustains a controlled even chain
reaction. We don't want these things
moving too fast. Now the chain reaction
itself begins in the first layer of the
onion. We know that we can't use thorium
to create nuclear fision. So, we will
fill it with uranium molten salt. This
is our fuel layer. And it's going to
need a bit of uranium 235 to kickstart
the reactor. But once that gets going,
the breeding process can begin. So,
every time you split a uranium atom,
it's going to release an average of 2
1/2 neutrons. That means you can sustain
a chain reaction without needing to
contain every single neutron inside your
fuel layer. You can let half of them go
on to fertilize your thorium atoms.
Outside of the fuel layer is going to be
more water. Again, that's temperature
control, but also acts to slow down the
neutrons and keep everything running at
a steady pace. Once the neutrons have
moved through the water, they can enter
the outer layer of the onion, also
called the blanket layer. This is where
the thorium salt is located. Here,
thorium 232 atoms are going to start
absorbing the free neutrons and the
transformation process into uranium will
begin. As the thorium salt flows through
the system, all of the newly created
uranium 233 can be filtered out and
incorporated into the fuel layer to
continue sustaining the chain reaction.
At the same time, the uranium salt is
constantly running through a filter of
its own to remove all of the wasted
fision products. When it comes to
safety, a molten salt reactor doesn't
need control rods. Since all of the fuel
is in a liquid state, all you need to do
is open dump valves and gravity will
drain all of the molten salt out of the
core into safety tanks and the nuclear
reaction will stop. Now, there are two
big differences between the nuclear
waste from a Copenhagen atomics reactor
and any traditional nuclear power plant.
For one, there is less waste that gets
created in the first place thanks to the
higher efficiency of the fision reaction
combined with the filtering process that
ensures you aren't throwing away any
usable material. Projections by
Copenhagen Atomics aim for about 1,000
times less nuclear waste product by a
molten salt reactor than a traditional
one. And the waste that does come out of
a molten salt reactor is a lot more
radioactive than a traditional nuclear
power plant. Now, I know that sounds
bad, and it definitely is more dangerous
in the short term, but that also means
that the waste will decay into a safe
non-raactive material a lot faster. So,
instead of having to keep nuclear waste
contained for 20,000 years, it becomes
safe after 200 years. Still problematic,
but much more practical. And Copenhagen
Atomics believed that in time they will
be able to extract all of the uranium
they need to kickstart their reactor
from spent nuclear fuel rods, which will
convert nuclear waste that's already in
the 20,000-year cycle into the 200-year
cycle and eliminate the need to continue
mining and enriching new uranium. Now
that we know how the reactor works, we
can start talking about the applications
for this molten salt technology. And
this can be worldchanging.
&gt;&gt; Yes. So traditional nuclear reactors are
really really big buildings. So it's
difficult to mass manufacture in a small
production line. But these reactors for
Thor molten salt reactors are much
smaller. They are roughly the same size
as a 40ft shipping container. And that
means that it's much easier to mass
manufacture in a factory. The beginning
we want to make one every day, but of
course later on it's possible to make
many every day. The onion core along
with all of its pumps and plumbing is
designed to fit inside this metal box.
It's the same size as a standard
shipping container, which means you can
put this nuclear reactor on a boat, a
truck, or a train and send it anywhere
in the world. Once it arrives, all you
need is a way to pump cold water in and
get the usable heat out. The container
itself is more than just a metal box. It
is a cocoon that provides all of the
insulation and protection that the
reactor needs to remain safe. This will
survive a plane crash with a commercial
airliner. And the end user can deploy as
many of these reactor containers as they
need to meet the energy demands of their
project. You could fill a parking lot
with these and power the most advanced
AI data center in an entirely
self-contained loop with zero emissions
of any kind. The only thing that comes
out is steam. Now, one of the downsides
here is that because the onion core is
filled with radioactive nuclear salt, it
can't be serviced once it begins
operation. All of the pumps and plumbing
will become radioactive and stay like
that for a few decades. Eventually, they
can be melted down and recycled. So,
that's not contributing to nuclear waste
in the long term. To manage this,
Copenhagen Atomics will certify each
reactor for 5 years of continuous
operation. After that time, they simply
remove the spent reactor and replace it
with a new model. Now, that might sound
wasteful, but consider that a
traditional reactor will have to be shut
down for fuel rod replacement once every
two to three years, while the fuel salt
and thorium salt inside the onion core
will still have plenty of usable
material that can simply be drained and
moved into a new reactor. The only
limiting factor for the onion core is
the lifespan of its pumps and heat
exchangers, and these designs can in the
future be improved to last longer. And
we also have to consider the scale of
manufacturing that Copenhagen Atomics is
aiming for. They are modeling their
production on the example of the Tesla
Gigafactory. Maximum efficiency through
automation and this will allow them to
build one complete reactor container
every single day. Right now it takes
years to install one traditional reactor
in a traditional nuclear power plant.
This is the big promise of thorium based
energy. cheaper, more abundant, clean
power that is safe to operate and can go
anywhere in the world where electricity
is required, which soon enough is going
to be pretty much everywhere. As of
right now, Copenhagen Atomics has built
two full-scale non-uclear prototypes of
their onion core reactor. The third
prototype will be tested for the first
time with liquid thorium and uranium
salt running through the system at a
temperature of 600° C, again with no
nuclear reaction taking place. If that
all checks out, then by the next year,
the company hopes to run their first
energy generating test with a nuclear
fision reaction. From there, the aim
will be to have the first 10 commercial
reactors available on the market in
2028, which will set the stage for their
first mass production line and nuclear
gigafactory concept to begin. This is
also just one company that is working on
thorium power. There are many others all
around the world. China is investing
heavily in molten salt thorium reactors
to meet their rapidly growing energy
needs. So, you're going to hear a lot
more about thorium in the years to come.
And if everything works out the way
these guys believe that it will, then
the future could be looking pretty
bright.