Channel:     futureaza
Title:       Tesla Could Deploy Thousands Of Cybercabs This Year
URL:         https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AAkti_Q8Mdw
Published:   2026-09-12 12:00 UTC
Fetched:     2026-09-12 13:00 UTC

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

they will start adding more more and
more I think hundreds can go you know at
this point if you have the ability to
have 40 plus cyber cabs I don't know how
many is on in actual service right now
in Austin don't know how many there is
but let's say there's 40 let's say all
49 gets into place [music] then you get
100 that will be the next number then
you get 300 how much more different is
the next 100 over the first 100 cyber
cabs are popping up all over the country
in every market just about we are seeing
them either in testing [music] or
deployed in wait for activation. What
does that mean? Does it mean they're
coming soon? Well, uh maybe. Uh but how
soon is the question? I've got Herbert
here from Brighter. He was at the event
last week. He had a chance to speak with
some of the engineers, some of the
executives and the people in charge.
Yes, the movers andor shakers [music] of
the cyber cab situation. Let's have a
chat about that. I'm Brian. Welcome to
Futuresa.
[singing]
&gt;&gt; [music]
&gt;&gt; So, Herbert, I I know I sent you a DM
last night asking if your crystal ball
was out of the shop. You informed me
it's still in for service. Now, that's
unfortunate because I need you to tell
me the future. Uh because, as you know,
I'm not permitted to use my time travel
for personal gain. Uh so, uh and I tell
you, it's uh frustrating. We have seen
cyber cabs all over the country, haven't
we?
&gt;&gt; We have. 36 states. It's spotted all
over the place.
&gt;&gt; Now, we've also seen them
internationally, but those were onesie
twoosies that I imagine are for show
rather than
&gt;&gt; Japan rather than validation. Yeah. Just
like we saw Cyber Trucks in Europe, even
though they're still not sold there
legitimately. I've I've seen a few. I've
talked to a few owners. They love them.
The word of caution, if you're buying a
Tesla or any product in a market that
doesn't have an official presence, what
are you going to do with your warranty
repairs? Oh my gosh. Find a dude who
says he knows how to fix it. Yes, you
are. So, when it comes to the cyber cabs
around the US, we've seen parking lots
in various states with dozens,
&gt;&gt; maybe even a hundred in some places.
They've built easily thousands at this
point. Does that mean the switch is
about to flip? Well, what is about this
flip? Yeah. So, let here's my thinking
of what's going to happen. So, right now
we know that there's 49 cyber caps
registered with the Texas DMV. It was 45
just a few days ago, right? So, that's
interesting that they added four more in
one day. Why? Because the Austin robo
taxi service is now live that you can
now choose between a cyber cab or uh
Model Y. And the demand is so high that
people are having to wait an hour for
the cyber cab because they want to test
the cyber capab. And so they have to
increase that service. They need to get
it there. And I think that they will.
Now, in terms of like how many cyber
caps are out there right now, my best
guess is that there's over 2,000,
probably under 3,000 just by VIN, just
by checking how many they're out there.
But one thing I I've learned and kind of
better understood is that some people
go, "Well, there there's 2,000 cyber
cabs, then therefore there'll be 2,000
cyber cabs in robo taxi service by this
date next year." That's not actually
true. The reason is that probably a
thousand, let's just assume, I don't
know what the number is. Let's say, give
me a round number, a thousand cyber caps
are being used for FSD validation and
testing new markets. So when I said and
you mentioned it earlier the 36 states
uh they've been spotted all over a lot
of that is just to track to test the
subcab in different conditions but also
to test uh FSD to rack up the miles to
get FSD validation. Well once it's
actually in service it's not like
they're going to stop validation in new
markets. They'll then just move it to
brand new cities and states you haven't
had yet. So my assumption would be a
thousand cyber caps will always be used
for continuous. They got the steering
wheels in them. That's what they're
designed for tracking and testing.
They'll move it to new cities, new
states. So I think that that leaves us
about a thousand cyber cabs that's
available to be put into market. And by
the way, interestingly, that is the
number that um that the you know Nitsa
came in and said, "Oh, we got a probe.
We have a probe onto Tesla's Cyber Cab.
new vehicle out there and the article
Wall Street Journal pointed out that
there's a you know Nitsa language said a
thousand cyber caps. So they have the
authority to use up to a thousand cyber
caps now and then they're going to do
probe. You and I did a show already
covering this in detail. But basically
this probe is normal. It is a audit
query. It is what happens after a
company releases a new vehicle. It's a
goes and does an audit query just to
double triple check that everything's
right. now. So that's why I'm thinking
that by the end of this year maximum
you'll have a thousand cyber cabs but
they will start adding more more and
more. I think hundreds can go. You know,
at this point, if you have the ability
to have 40 plus cyber cabs, I don't know
how many is on in actual service right
now in Austin. Don't know how many there
is, but let's say there's 40. Let's say
all 49 gets into place. Then you get a
100. That will be the next number. Then
you get 300. How much more different is
the next 100 over the first hundred?
&gt;&gt; Well, that's the question. Why aren't
they rolling them out?
&gt;&gt; You uh Okay. Well, so the reason I think
that they need to go slow and I'm I beg
them I in my head. I did obviously say
this out loud too though, but uh if you
think about it, okay, the thing about
the cyber cab and robo taxi is that
other than you and me and many of the
audience members here, they know the
difference between Tesla's robo taxi and
Tesla cyber cam. CyberCAB is a vehicle
robo taxi service. The vast majority,
99% of the population out there, they
don't know the difference. To them the
cyberc cab is robo taxi. So the brand of
the cyber cab Tesla cyber cabab is
critical. If anything happens with this
cyber cab in the next week, two weeks,
next month, two months, whatever it is,
it is a it's hugely damaging to the
brand of Tesla's robo taxi service. And
so I think that for that reason I
internally begged and said, you know, if
I were you Tesla, I would go very slow
on cybercap introduction. uh you don't
want any any concerns. Having said that,
at some point you just got to go. You
just got to go and and make it happen.
So I think that the first I'm talking
weeks, months, the first month I would
go slow and then I would start adding
hundreds.
&gt;&gt; So while you didn't say it, you thought
it so loud that you're confident they
heard. I know how that works. Uh my uh
children communicate tele telepathically
with me that way as well. So what you're
thinking is if it is not as autonomous
as they would like today, they can still
brute force it a bit by just adding more
uh remote supervisors and then
&gt;&gt; sorry no I don't I don't think that's
the case. That's what that's exactly the
opposite of what I just said. [laughter]
&gt;&gt; Okay.
&gt;&gt; What I just said was if once you have a
hundred cyber capabs out there, there's
no reason why you can't do another 100
and 200 and so forth. There's no this is
not being remote operated and uh they
&gt;&gt; not remote operated but there is someone
backing
&gt;&gt; ready at the ready if something happens.
There was one time I think David Moss
was was in a cyber cab and it stopped
for seven significant amount of time
sitting there in a street. They had to
get support. So yes, every once in a
while support needs to come in and
support them. I don't think that that
would be the right limiting step. It is
obviously to remove that requirement,
but that's not the reason why you don't
go from 100 to a thousand. I don't think
thousand is is doable. Look at look at
Whimo. They got 4,000 and tremendous
amount of support that they have to put
in. Tremendous amount of support.
&gt;&gt; I don't know what Whimo's doing. I'm
concerned that they've driven too far
down a dead end and that now they're
spending a year in reverse trying to get
out of it. Uh it appears that they're
working on a neural net solution, but
it's clear that it's not ready for
deployment. I am hopeful that Whimo and
Zuks and Tesla and Chiaoong and and all
of them, Ponyier, I am hopeful that all
of them find a way to make the road
safer as quickly as possible. And a big
part of that safety, Herbert, is cost. I
don't care how safe your car is. If I
cannot afford it, it's meaningless. And
the fact that a Whimo costs as much as
an Uber Black or an Uber with a tip um
prices it out of market for an awful lot
of people. Um I don't I know it's crazy,
right? I'm selfish. I realize I'm
sharing the road with these people and
as good as of driver as they say they
are, I I looked up the stat. 80% of
drivers rate themselves above average.
&gt;&gt; That's not how averages work, but that's
how overconfidence works. Uh do you uh
think that they have their FSD? Uh do
you think they're running a version
that's different? What are they running?
&gt;&gt; Oh, clearly they have they're running a
version that's different. You can feel
it uh when you take these cyber
carbides. It is much smoother, much
smarter, much more confident. It uh it
was able to pick up and drop off at the
right locations. You can actually move
the the the pin and say, "I want you to
pick me up here and drop me off here."
That's works nicely. I don't believe
that they are completed FSD version 15.
One of the comments again that as you
talk to the engineers and the executives
was that just wait till 15. So I think
that that is the rate limit is up. One
rate limit is separate. Why they don't
go to a th00and tomorrow is the
regulation. They need to get past this.
It's a probe. Okay.
&gt;&gt; They can't expand until the until the
&gt;&gt; I think they can expand to a thousand
shortly. By the way, that's other reason
why they waited till now to launch the
cyber cap. You know, remember the uproar
and the furer that we Tesla shareholders
had months ago. Why aren't you we're in
April they started producing the cyber
cabs and they go why isn't it out there
tomorrow next day now we have to wait
till September so late because they
needed to wait until the comment period
was over for the zuks and uh the
scenario until now that it's happened
they can now do this so that uh they can
launch this the cyber cap now now that
it's out they're going to do the
self-certify
there's that period that we need to
wait. FSE version 15 needs to be
completed. There's that period we need
to wait. But I think that we're already
at the point that they felt comfortable
enough to launch it. I think maybe I
don't know again I don't know how many
cars. Let's assume 20 maybe 50 cars.
That's put it this way. It's not one
twoozies onesie twoosies anymore.
&gt;&gt; No. The last time Elon launched one car
it went most of the way to Mars.
[laughter]
&gt;&gt; I had to lighten it up.
&gt;&gt; It's still gone. It's still It was
launched. It is still going.
&gt;&gt; By the way, maritime rules say it's
yours if you want to go get it. You can
salvage it. Uh unfortunately, I think
there's only one company you could hire
to do that. And I don't know if they You
know what? I bet they would do it for
you
&gt;&gt; if you be like, "You want to get it?"
Okay. So, that'd be hilarious.
[laughter]
What a tremendous waste of perfectly
good money that would be.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. So my my uh guess of what's going
to happen in the end this year, I think
if you look at the 17% week-over- week
growth rate, which is you calculate that
based on the 1 million miles of uh
unsupervised
&gt;&gt; paid unsupervised driving that is uh
that they've now accumulated, which
means that they were going 17% week over
week, not 10%, not the 15%, it was 17%.
If it was 17%, that was what has been
happening up to now. could it can
certainly increase at this point. That
is higher than most anybody were
escalating. So at this point, if it
continues to the end of this year, we're
going to see 2,000 3,000 uh robo taxis
at service by the end of this year. If
it goes at that route, that's before FSE
version 15 is completed. And I think
it's perfectly great because then if
they do have an issue, the 2500 limit
would they would hit the 2500 limit. And
so that's why they don't need to go past
2500. So, at the very least, I do think
it's going to be two to two to 3,000.
Having said that, I still believe that
if version 15 is completed, which it
could very well be given the fact that
the conversations I had and where they
feel it is, they're feeling very
confident about it. If that's completed
before, let's say next month, October,
November, I think in December, they can
start pumping that up instead of 17%.
That could be the minimum.
&gt;&gt; It can then go up. So maybe 3,000 cars,
maybe even 4,000 cars. Who knows?
&gt;&gt; So a question I have for you is when you
got in the car, did the car know who you
were and have your Spotify or anything
like that?
&gt;&gt; Of course. Yeah. You walk in
&gt;&gt; just like a loner.
&gt;&gt; Just like when you buy a new Tesla and
you hop in it and it resumes playing the
song you were just listening to in your
&gt;&gt; You have a setting in your robo taxi app
that you can say, do you want do you
want the play to auto the song that you
were listening to automatically play or
do you want to not have it? I set it to
not. [laughter] I do too many live
streams and it's kind of scary. Like I
go into a new ro a live stream of a new
robo taxi [laughter] and it's playing a
weird song that I was just listening to.
Now, I'm very curious to see your
playlist, guys, in the comments. What is
in Herbert's playlist that he does not
want us to hear? I'm going with Queen
Fat Bottom Girls is Herbert's anthem.
Guys, what did we miss? What do we
misunderstand? Leave it. Huge thanks to
Herbert for making the trip out there,
getting in them engineers faces and
asking the hard questions, uh, and for,
uh, being crazy enough to actually, uh,
fall for my ploy and come on the channel
and tell us what's going on. Thank you
so much, Herbert. I appreciate you so
much. and everybody else. Uh, stay
tuned, stay juicy, and I can't wait to
hear from you clever robots on the
flippity flop.