Channel:     futureaza
Title:       Tesla Stock Ready For Another Breakout
URL:         https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ylr8tt20jgQ
Published:   2026-05-15 18:00 UTC
Fetched:     2026-05-15 19:00 UTC

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

On Monday, Tesla stock hit its highest
level since January. Not quite the
all-time high, but within a stones
throw. Can it go higher? Can it go
lower? Well, the answer to one of those
is yes, and both of those is still
probably yes. Of course, it can go in
either direction and will. Uh, but which
one's more likely and to what extent?
Uh, so we've got a couple of news
stories from this week that we're going
to share to lend some new and additional
perspective over the thesis from last
week. Unless, of course, you're in the
weeds like me and you've already been
thinking about these things. Now you can
find out what Wall Street thinks about
them. What I'd like to know is what
Randy Kirk thinks about them. Uh,
because as much of a madman as he is, he
has been correct several times. Uh, I
kid, of course, but that's what I do.
I'm Brian. Welcome to Futurazza,
&gt;&gt; Brian.
&gt;&gt; It's true. I mean, all those things you
just said are true.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; Down, around, you know, they go. Yeah.
&gt;&gt; So, Randy, I need you to help me with
this prediction. The tide. Which way is
it going to go?
&gt;&gt; I mean,
&gt;&gt; here in Hawaii, I'm looking out my
window at the tide.
&gt;&gt; It's coming in, going out.
&gt;&gt; Well, if it's going out, then it's going
to go out forever. No guys, that's not
that's not how it works. So, let's take
a look at Piper Sandler. Tesla investors
are getting Optimus for free at current
valuations because we Piper Sandler have
not been counting it. That feels like a
you problem, not an US problem. I've
been pricing it in. Uh, and I don't mean
pricing it in terms of an actual model
that I've seen some who have. Uh, you've
got numbers for it. Uh CERN Basher's got
numbers for it.
&gt;&gt; To me, the number is up and that's
that's for my style of investing, the
part that matters.
&gt;&gt; So, how much revenue do you think
Optimus will need to generate before the
majority of Wall Street actually begins
modeling it? Yeah, Kathy Wood has been
modeling it, but uh very few fund
managers and analysts have. What do you
think?
&gt;&gt; I don't think it needs any revenue. I
think what it needs to do is do what
they said they were going to do later
this year. There's four things. Start
production.
&gt;&gt; Uh start the ramp of the actual brand
new factory. Well, the uh factory in
Fremont's fine. Start the ramp in in
Fremont. And then um show us how you're
going to build it. Show tell us how
you're gonna Is it going to be so much a
month? Is it going to be a price? How
are you going to bill it? And then
finally, show us in use how many cool
things it can do. Now, I have just
become super comfortable with the idea
that the bot is already able to do
plenty plenty enough to satisfy Elon,
which should satisfy me. And that is
they've signed off on V3. Now, that is
not official. That's not from the
factory, but that is from somebody we
all know and trust uh on on X who says
it's all signed off. So, uh if it's all
signed off, I'm thinking it's very very
capable.
&gt;&gt; So, Tesla famously doesn't really do
design lock in a traditional way. If you
and I worked for GM or Audi and we
finished version one and it go and it's
design locked and then we realize, oh
no, this huge improvement will actually
save money. They go hang on to it.
That's coming out next year in V2.
That's the only reason people are going
to buy V2. Save it. And that's why
they're able to do whole model refreshes
where Tesla would say,
get it in. Let's do it. So that's a
difference. And I would agree with you
that there is importance in saying how
many, where, how, and at what price. But
Wall Street didn't do that with MegaPac.
And Megaac was really in your face. It
was I mean that first big contract was
$100 million. And Wall Street said, "Ah,
it's a blip. It's a flash in the pan.
Who knows if it's sustainable? This
might be different. This is going to be,
you know, the number one TAM ever."
Well, oh yeah. Now we've got uh Terraab.
Well, anyway, it's I think it's the
number one TAM ever.
&gt;&gt; I would say it is because these products
are much more expensive.
&gt;&gt; Yes, that's probably true. But anyway,
whether it's number one or number two,
it is a TAM greater than any that humans
had ever contemplated in history. And uh
therefore if you believe if so I've said
I say it all the time Brian is say okay
you either believe that that the
optimist is going to be a thing and it's
going to operate and it's going to be
valuable or you don't there's it's kind
of hard to have middle ground. Oh you
might say 80% chance or 60% chance but
you probably either believe it is or it
isn't. If you believe it is and it
actually does turn out to be worth a h
100,000 a year or $400,000 in cash or
whatever, if it's if it comes out, those
are the numbers. I don't think that
there's going to be any problem with the
market starting to starting to include
it in their in their price projections.
&gt;&gt; Well, uh, a number of people have said
it will change the world in 2027. maybe
not optimist but humanoid robots in
general. And if it doesn't, how much
difference is there in actual reality if
it instead changes the world in early
2028,
&gt;&gt; guys? Not going to be not going to be a
lot. I I I would push back on that a
little bit. I think it'll be in terms of
world changing. Well, the changing of
the world of industrial people um is
happening all the time. There's always
new stuff coming out like the cy the
semi-truck is world changing. Um, but
it's going to take a couple of years
before it's even possible for a lot of
people to get in line to to get one of
those. But with with Optimus, I think
it's be a very long time before my
little famous water bottle plastic
molding business would have been able to
get one of these optimized. So, it's
going to be a while before it is uh
world changing, if you will. Hm. A rare
glimpse of uh I mean temperance from
Randy. I I was going to say sanity, but
let's not be hasty. So, okay, I think
that's a reasonable assessment. Uh now,
again, this is being recorded on Monday.
Uh but, uh let's talk about this. This
is a story from it's on MSN. It was
originally on Barrens. They have a payw
wall. They are entitled. They are
invited. They are cordially invited to
uh take a long walk up a short pier
because I'm not paying a payw wall fee
to get through Barons, especially when
they give it to MSN for free. Tesla
stock feels as if it's on the cusp of
one of its hard to explain runs higher.
Yeah, the shares traded as low as 416
but rallied to 445 when the S&amp;P uh both
rose only 0.2. The stock has not closed
above 445 since late January. So, it's
moving, but why? And the headline is
saying, "Thank China AI." And I don't
know quite how you square that circle.
Uh, if China gets FSD, I think that'll
be exciting. I think that'll be a bit of
revenue. I don't think it would justify
a 4% premium on a company that is
evaluated based on many many factors
only a small part of which is FSD and
only in a in one market.
So I don't I don't know about all that.
Are they just throwing in by the way on
here he's still listed as Al Root but it
looks like AI root. So I've seen him
also go there it is allen root. There
you go.
&gt;&gt; Alen root. Yeah. Right. It is in the
email because
&gt;&gt; and I like Alroot. I like El Routt. I
read him read him all the time. Um
&gt;&gt; they've got Dylan in the article. How
cool is that?
&gt;&gt; So I think I think um I think it's the
sum of the parts. I would like to say
that Tesla's firing on all cylinders,
but it some somehow seems sacrilegious
to do. Um but they they are definitely
uh hitting it out of the park uh every
time. Up car sales are up. Uh ADAS,
NISTA says ADA our ADAS is the best in
the world and that's certainly a
component of full self-driving. Um you
got China testing, you've got Europe
passing tests in terms of FSD. You've
got I mean just it just goes you got
probably the optimist as we just talked
about being signed off. Um and you got
car sales going crazy all over the
world. Every single facility now pumping
out cars as fast they can. And then
you've got the ramp. And that's the last
piece of the pie. As we put more cars on
the road, that's first thing I check
every morning. How many cars we got on
the road now? How many miles are they
driving? What what do we know about
those cars in Austin, Dallas, and for
and uh in Houston? And are there any new
cities opening? That's what I want to
know. And I think that the serious
investors, the ones that are sitting
there deciding whether to put their cold
hard cash uh more of their cold hard
cash into Tesla, that's probably what
they're watching. And I've been
predicting for three weeks now that we'd
hit the bottom because of the drip drip
down of missed expectations on uh Tesla,
which I predicted five months ago. Six
months ago, what is this? This is May.
Yeah, five months ago. Now, I said when
we hit the bottom and we start to see
the expectations met, the stock will go
back up.
&gt;&gt; I'm taking a victory lap, folks. I think
it's already a done deal.
&gt;&gt; What's worse is he's taking that victory
lap on the beach. The only point of
contention uh that I would have is that
while you say it's the sum of the parts,
I say it's the all of the parts. Come
on, Randy, catch up. Hey, uh Claude,
brought to you by XAI. This one says
Elon Musk because they know what kind of
headlines sell on the bin cider. By the
way, still fantastic job on your your
CSS. Your cascading stylesheet is a
mess. Fix it. Uh so uh Claude is going
to be uh doing some work inside of XAI
for money. What's this about?
&gt;&gt; Well, it's a very simple thing.
Anthropic said, I need compute. I need
computer capability. I need in this
particular case inference. So they went
looking around
who has some spare inference they could
use. Maybe they got on the phone and
started calling everybody in their third
cousin. You got any more inference?
We're already buying all we can from
you. And somewhere along the line they
said, "Oh, we might as well call Elon."
&gt;&gt; And so they called Elon. And Elon says,
"Well, I got this one of the largest uh
uh computers in the world uh and I I
right now I really don't need it because
I'm gonna open an even larger computer
next door and so I think I could share
with you if you'd like to send me a
check for five or six billion a year.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, it seemed like a deal to
everybody, you know. I don't know.
&gt;&gt; So, the problem is uh with a lot of
things you can just order, just order
one. If I need uh a new microphone, I
can order a new microphone. If I need a
billion microphones, I can't just order
it. Nobody's got them. Um and that
there's a number somewhere between one
and a billion where they just you just
won't get them. Yeah.
&gt;&gt; Um but what we're seeing is, you know,
they surely called Amazon Web Services
first.
&gt;&gt; When Amazon Web Services says we don't
have enough, guys, you're you're out.
There is none. One of the hardest things
to do in AI is to monetize.
XAI apparently has room, has some spare
compute, and they're monetizing it.
&gt;&gt; This is already revenuebearing.
And the fact that it is the only option
around apparently means they're probably
commanding a pretty good price for it.
You suggested it's in the billions. I
have no frame of reference to contest or
agree with that, but it seems like a
well, I was going to say a reasonable
number. It seems like an unre unreason,
it seems huge, which is also fine. I'm
okay with that, too. So, that's
something that's worth uh considering.
&gt;&gt; The highest the highest number I've seen
is 16 billion. The lowest number I've
seen is four.
&gt;&gt; A whole bunch a whole bunch of people
are saying five to six. And by the way,
and by the way, I have to take them at
their word because I I can't do that
math.
&gt;&gt; Sure, I think 16 is outrageous and
unlikely. Um, but four could be
reasonable because you would say, well,
wouldn't they just build their own for
four billion, right? But this includes
the power.
&gt;&gt; This includes this includes the
everything.
&gt;&gt; Three years from now, they would have
it. Yeah, maybe.
&gt;&gt; Maybe. Maybe if you can get your
Transformers more than meets the eye.
Um, of course it is a time for me to
mention that um, you can subscribe.
Doesn't cost you anything. And I know
this looks very similar to the one I
showed on the other video because that
one look like this. Very similar. Same
vibe on purpose. I wanted to get uh some
variations on the theme. And uh, for
those who have forgotten, I'm going to
be uh, at summer meetup in Michigan June
5th and 6th in Moskegan. Uh, tesla
Michigan.org org is the where you get
your tickets for summer meetup. Maybe in
here we've got some uh information.
There we go. Here's some of the
speakers. Uh David Moss will be there.
Dirty Tesla, myself, Bradford Ferguson,
Dr. Gibbs, Dr. Knowitall, uh Dr. Scott
Walter, Drew Brummel from Michigan Swarm
Trace Chasers, all kinds of folks. So,
uh check it out. Jordan Gizigy. I mean,
the list goes on. Boy, does it go on.
And apparently we're going to have an AI
uh mascot there in real life. That's the
magic of of Grock, I suppose. I don't
know. I do not know how that works. So
guys, in the comments, what do we miss?
What do we misunderstand? I don't know.
Leave it. Leave it. I beg of you.
Everybody else, uh, you know, subscribe.
Do all the good stuff and stay tuned.
Stay juicy. And I cannot wait to hear
from you clever robots in Michigan.
Yeah, that's a good idea.