Channel:     futureaza
Title:       Elon Musk's Biggest Tesla Bet Is Finally Taking Shape
URL:         https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BT9WnT21PD0
Published:   2026-06-13 12:00 UTC
Fetched:     2026-06-13 13:00 UTC

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

It's actually very surprising that they
are Tesla specifically at the high
premium category still selling so well
despite what's happening with the macro
the econ economy in China. CyberCap is
smaller. They're saying people tell me
it's smaller. It's going to be easier.
They've already figured this out. No
matter what form factor they've got it.
I think that they still want to get that
data before they do roll it out. And
here's the example. What
&gt;&gt; when you and I went through this real
quick. When you and I went through it, a
lot of them were things like, "The tire
touched a curb. No damage. You and I
aren't calling the cops and filing an
insurance report. I don't count it, but
okay, go ahead." There's a whole bunch
of good news going around. Maybe you
followed the SpaceX IPO on Friday, maybe
you didn't, but that's not what we're
talking about. We got other stuff that's
exciting, and we're going to fill you
in. We're going to round out your news
diet. make sure you've got the fiber you
need to get you through the day and to
the, you know, restroom of news, as it
were. I've stretched the analogy too
far, but Herbert's here to rein me back
in. We're going to be talking about some
autonomy things, some uh features in
cars, and some other exciting sales
stuff. I'm Brian. Welcome to Futurazza.
So Herbert, of course you know there is
but one important factor in this world
and that is you know how many cars Tesla
had out as of Wednesday was uh 69 of
them. Nice. Currently uh authorized for
69 in Texas according to the state's
database. That's up from 42. Get it?
Perhaps a reference to 420. No, it's a
reference to Hitchhiker's Guide, but
thanks for playing. And uh while that
represents growth, it's far from what's
been promised. This is terrible,
terrible news, right?
Uh who is this article? Yeah, I mean
it's accurate, right? So first of all,
there are 69 registered with the Texas
DMV. So that is the actual number. We've
all been following Robo Taxi Tracker for
such a long time and that is, you know,
with its warts and kind of like some
estimates. It's never really perfectly
accurate, but at least we were using
that to see what was going on. So 69 is
accurately true. It is also true that
it's now been a year and many of us,
almost all of us would have assumed that
by now there would been way more way
more cars out there on the roads. Having
said that, listen, you and I know Tesla
FSE works. You and I use it ourselves.
I've been using it for over a year
without any critical disengagements in
multiple states at least three states
here in the north Pacific Northwest
including Canada and then of course
California and uh no issues. So why are
they holding back? What happened over
this course of the year? Well, I think
we needed to wait for a new version of
FSD. And the if you look at the data of
Nitsa, this is another government body
reporting it since December all the way
down, there's been 17 incidents since
June when it launched last year. 17
incidents, only one of them was 17 m
hour. All of them, the rest of them were
fender benders. Uh only seven were of
Tesla's fault or Tesla was fault. the
rest weren't. And the ones where Tesla
was at fault, two of them were human
drivers, like human remote operating the
car. So when you break down the actual
incidents that the robo taxi itself had,
they were all fender benders. That's it.
&gt;&gt; So that's the data you're looking for.
Now,
&gt;&gt; when you and I went through, real quick,
when you and I went through it, a lot of
them were things like the tire touched a
curb, no damage. You and I aren't
calling the cops and filing an insurance
report. I don't count it, but okay. Go
ahead.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, it's called a crash because
unfortunately that's the way Nitsa
reports everything. A crash instead of
incident and including curb rashes are
included in that. So the data is looking
great. There are months where zero
impact. Now granted Tesla's not you know
rolled this out in massive numbers but
the other thing we're watching is not
only the safety of FSD robo taxi but
also how many cyber cabs they're
producing and we're seeing that good and
a good clip. Now we don't know if it's
being dialed back if it's more than we'd
expect but it was launched in April and
here we are in June and we're seeing
cyber caps put out there. My theory has
been that everybody, many people have
been saying, "Look, I'm going to see a
cyber cab as a robo taxi imminent. It's
happening now. It could very well happen
this weekend as you publish this video."
My theory has been that they need a
thousand cyber cabs or more driving in
many many states as we're they're being
spotted everywhere to to get their FSD
super supervised FSD miles and you know
kind of their fake robo taxi kind of uh
situation being tracked. They need that
data in order to tr truly have enough
data to prove not only to themselves but
to regulators that the cyber cab is as
safe as our cars which they already have
the data on that because it's a totally
different form factor. So I think that
they're still testing that and they'll
still need a couple more months before
you will see these cyber cabs in mass.
Now, we just reported recently that
Dallas and Houston are there's these
lots being found with, you know, 20, 30
cyber caps just sitting there. So,
they're taking them out, testing them
out, but then they just sit there. So,
they are ready to go as soon as they get
the word. I personally think that they
were waiting till the IPO, the SpaceX
IPO. You didn't want to have a Cybercap
crash, deadly crash happening to derail
a SpaceX IPO. There's a there's a halo
effect. I think that could have happened
and I think that after the IPO has
happened there will be more news about
cybercab and robo taxi being rolled out
but the real scale won't happen until
they announce a Tesla robo taxi uh
Tesla's SpaceX acquisition which could
happen in late July August but also as
I've been saying you need the data I
still think that they need that data
before they do go full roll out
&gt;&gt; well I would say uh that I don't think
it's the fear of death being reported
that they're that they're afraid of. I
think they just don't want anything else
dominating the news cycle.
&gt;&gt; And I think avoiding injury is the whole
reason for the slow roll out in the
first place. And I wanted to add I've
been thinking about this a bit. I think
that the way Nitsa is tracking the
shortcomings of autonomy is all wrong.
touching the curb isn't the right metric
because you know what you won't capture
is all of the times that company from
Google is out there blocking traffic.
&gt;&gt; There was no collision, but that was
absolutely a a catastrophic mistake if
you're parked in the middle of the road
blocking making other cars behave in a
dangerous area. And those are constant
from that company owned by Google.
What's it called?
&gt;&gt; I need Whimo time.
&gt;&gt; Oh, Whimo accidents. That's what it is.
Whimo blockage, Whimo losing money,
Whimo money. So, it is uh crazy. But, uh
enough of this uh you know, silliness
with the silly numbers. You know what I
want to talk about instead is assuming
launching soon for Cybertruck. Hey,
these aren't my jokes. I'm just
repeating them. This is overdue. Uh but
this will be welcome after years of
radio silence regarding one of the final
FSD features for its flagship vehicle
actually smart summon is launching soon.
You know who announced this Tesla
themselves cyber truck account itself
and then uh Viv reposted both of those
which is uh kind of funny. So let's see
uh are we going to get this and does it
matter?
&gt;&gt; Well so this is this proves my point
here. Okay. It's a cyber cab, a cyber
truck, I'm sorry. It's a completely
different form factor, but also the rear
wheels drive differently than a normal
or normal Teslas, right?
&gt;&gt; Mhm.
&gt;&gt; And so this took a little bit time to
make sure that FSD works on the Cyber
Truck. Now, it took a little bit extra
time for actual smart summon to be
approved for Cybertruck. the way it
backs up, the way that you know your the
way to, you know, the cameras are to
view where how far the distance is
between a, you know, the a pole behind
you when you're parking, all those kind
of things. And the way you drive into a
parking spot, everything is different.
They needed the data. That's why it took
a little bit longer.
&gt;&gt; This is my point why I think that they
need the same data for the cyber capab.
It's going to be easier. They've already
figured this out. No matter what form
factor, they've got it. I think that
they still want to get that data before
they do roll it out. And here's the
example.
&gt;&gt; Absolutely. All correct. What the
engineers told me is it's the rear steer
that was the issue on the Cybertruck
plus the variable steering on the front.
Just got to move past it. But I'm here
for the good news, Herbert. You've given
me enough good news there. Tesla patents
new cheaper way to produce matrix
headlights, but also more compact ones
that could give us matrix headlights for
the Cybert truck. Currently, it doesn't
have them. The little headlights up
front there are just too darn small to
jam a projector in there. Maybe now they
could. Uh, what do you make of that?
&gt;&gt; Oh, it's cool. I think it's very
valuable, especially at night time where
you can split exactly where the light
goes.
&gt;&gt; Um, it's gorgeous. I've I've seen some
videos. I've not actually experienced it
myself, but I've seen uh people show
videos of how it works when you're
taking a corner, when you're when the
other car is coming.
&gt;&gt; I think uh it's very valuable. Now is it
useful for FSD? That's the question. I
do not know because you know that what
we see in our eyes is very different
than what cameras in the cars can see.
uh they've already shown now and they've
reported Ashok just did a presentation
recently that you you can have a blinded
you know sunlight and yet that's not
what Tesla's FSE sees because it sees
every photon and it can see you know
different it can actually tell what they
can they can clean it up and show you
what it actually sees. So
&gt;&gt; I'm not sure I I'm assuming that matrix
headlights help with FSD but I do not
know. So, I will tell you because I have
done I don't know certainly over a
thousand miles at night on FSD on my
many road trips, the Matrix headlights
at some point become almost a game you
play watching them because you can see
it like in this photo here carving out
not just the car in front of you, you'll
be behind a truck on the highway. You'll
notice his tailgate is not illuminated,
nor are his mirrors. I'm not lighting
him up. I'm lighting up the trees beyond
him. No one ever flashes high beams at
me anymore because the high beams are
not blinding oncoming vehicles. They're
not blinding the vehicles in front of
me. It'll spot a pedestrian and just
carve a little bit out. I'm going to say
that even on FSD, this is an
improvement. High beams are better.
&gt;&gt; If they if they weren't, uh we wouldn't
get FSD dings uh on our insurance at
night. It's great. And I didn't know
that there was a possible solution for
Cybertruck to getting it to work in a in
a smaller form factor. It's good news,
Herbert. It's good news. Uh, did you
know China's uh Tesla's China sales
surged to 2026 high, but rivals crowd
the rearview mirror? What beautiful
phrasing. That's really good.
&gt;&gt; Tesla's China sales rebounded in May.
Now, on a show I've done with you, we
talked about April numbers. These are
the May numbers. And the May numbers
were really good. In May, 85,982
Model 3 and Y up 39% from a year earlier
retooling, but also up 8% from April.
April was already a pretty darn good
month. This is even better. Uh that
would be that would put them, you know,
right around a million a year in
production annualized. And you know,
Tesla's already uh Tesla China's already
rolled out several purchase incentives
and charging benefits. Tesla will
further lower the threshold for more
consumers to own vehicles. And the real
beauty here is that uh I've had a lot of
people tell me that when, not if, but
when Chinese manufacturers are able to
sell in the US, you know, it's over for
everyone. definitely for Ford and GM
almost certainly for Riven and Lucid
even though those kind of have carved
out their own little segments. I said,
"But yeah, but not Tesla." And they go,
"No, Tesla, too." I go, "Really?"
Because
you know who has a lot of Chinese cars
competing with Tesla is China.
Uh so, and Tesla does very well in that
market. There are people who, as much as
they love uh the new cool fancy thing,
as much as they hate Elon himself, will
still buy a Tesla even though it costs
more money than a Chinese version and it
wouldn't be as much cheaper in the US as
it is in China. So, the price difference
wouldn't be all that huge. Uh thoughts
on Giga Shanghai, Herbert?
Well, first of all, just a comment on
what you said about uh some people think
that if if Chinese cars are able to be
imported to the US and sold here, uh
what would happen? El uh Jeff Lutz has
you know there's a lot of nuance here,
right? So why are Chinese car doing so
well in China? Because they have an
incredible supply chain built in
industry there. They have sales volume.
They've got uh local support. If you are
and they've got, you know, the factories
that they have, they're surprisingly not
automated as much as they should be, but
they've got lowcost labor. If you now
create a factory in the US, Tesla, you
know, chi, the US has Chinese
automakers, you can create a factory
here. You now need to hire US-based uh
workers. Now you would have to match
Tesla's ability to create a auton
autonomous manufacturing which they may
not be able to do because they're not
that skilled there in that area but if
they do but then their supply chain is
not there as well. So they would have to
replicate and start from scratch
basically doing what Tesla is to be able
to bring in that same lowcost vehicle
with that same high you know efficiency
same quality assurance. So it's not it's
not a given. He's saying it's not a
given that that's the case. Now, if
they're able to just import the car, now
you have to pay double the tariff. Could
they still compete? Well, it's not the
same. I mean, as you pointed out, in
China, you're competing with them at
lower price point than Tesla still does.
Well, it's going to be a higher price
point if they import it into the US. Um,
and then Tesla China. Yeah, I think you
you mentioned to me that in April, it's
the first month of the quarter delivery
wave, they're sending those cars to
export. May is the first time that
they're actually creating uh cars and
selling it in China and you can see the
numbers pop up really well and they're
selling really well. So, it's actually
very surprising that they are Tesla
specifically at the high premium
category still selling so well despite
what's happening with the macro the econ
economy in China. And then in that
article that you saw there, there was a
paragraph saying that the Chinese
government and local governments have
stepped up subsidies again because the
EV industry there had had a bloodbath
and they were struggling and they were
all losing money and they had to stop
the price war and so you know they
needed to recover. Now does this mean
that they've recovered themselves? I do
not know but there's been things like
that that support Tesla sales.
&gt;&gt; Mhm. Now, when you look at the
difference in luxury, you know, I've
joked about it, you've joked about it.
Do you really need a fridge? Do you
really need uh Do you really need, and
this is not a joke, a hot shower?
&gt;&gt; What? Oh, I saw one where you can
actually uh do your number one and two
potty port.
&gt;&gt; Wow,
&gt;&gt; that's crazy.
&gt;&gt; I don't like either of those. It's
terrible. Uh, but you know, as range
gets longer, Herbert, we got to do what
we got to do to get to the grandparents
house on time.
&gt;&gt; Of course it is. Of course it is.
&gt;&gt; It's very silly. Um, there are a lot of
uh bells and whistles you may not need.
Uh, I have had a number of people say,
"Well, look, if if Xiaomi was going to
sell the car, if it cost double, if it
cost 70 80,000, there would still be
some buyers in the US with those
tariffs." And I say yes, but not enough
to maintain warranty repairs. You need a
lot of volume to have a lot of service
centers to do convenient repairs. This
isn't like a Bentley where you can have
three, four, five locations nationwide.
And those aren't even real locations.
Those are, you know, a franchise that's
at another dealership where they already
have a shop. So, I don't know. The last
big bit of excitement I wanted to share
this is apparently that whole crazy dumb
never going to happen SpaceX data
centers in orbit. Orbital data center
much simpler than a Starlink satellite.
Apparently they've already got a
prototype
uh revealed its first generation of
orbital data center uh satellites dubbed
AI1
in a video posted to X. compute
capability of 150 kilowatts at peak, 120
kilowatt on average with a an efficiency
of 70 kilowatts per ton. So
great, I guess I it's a lot to
uh to try and understand. And I've had
people, well, this will never make
financial sense. I go, then it'll never
happen. But if it does make financial
sense, it will because the technology
exists or can exist quickly. They're
getting it prototyped so it can just be
built and the day the accountants say it
now makes sense, they'll launch it.
Thoughts? So, several things that uh
SpaceX announced just a few days ago
when they unveiled this very first
generation of their AI, you know, data
center in space. So, number one, it is
easier. They claim that it's going to be
simpler to make than people realize.
Why? because the V3 Starlink satellites
uh you can see the size. This one is
bigger longer but actually the bigger
longer makes it easier to create than
the V3. They're saying that the V3
Starlink satellites are the most complex
and they've been building that at tens
of thousands units. I just interviewed
Brian Wang and he went through all of
this data with me and he says this is
actually much easier to make. Number
one. Two, Elon then says we're going to
have one gigawatt
in space 2027, not 2028 that everybody
thought it was going to be. 2027. Now,
is that possible? It's all about whether
or not they've got the Starship ready to
go and doesn't have to be reusable. By
the way, Brian Wang just pointed out
that all that matters really is the
booster needs to have a second burn to
be able to get out of the way to be able
to
&gt;&gt; not
de-orbit. If they're not, if they can
take care of that, it doesn't even
matter if they can reuse the booster or
not because that's these are the numbers
are important, but they're not that
important if they don't solve
reusability. What matters is getting it
out there with that capacity so that
they can he he believes that they can do
the 1 gawatt.
&gt;&gt; Can they do in 2027?
I don't know. But this AI data center in
space is a work you they're sharing it
with you in detail. In fact, Brian Wang
says they are so they are sharing every
little thing. You can see every little
thing about this because there's no
competition. It's not like I I don't
want to share you my robot because
you're going to copy me. But here,
&gt;&gt; okay. And now I push back on him saying,
"No, China is going to copy them, you
know, frame by frame exactly how they're
building these AI data centers." But
they have now said, "Here's our
prototype. Here's what we're going to
do." And they also said that uh Gigasat
which is the um
terrace what is it called the gigasat
right which is where they're going to
make the satellites
&gt;&gt; they already have the the location where
they're making the V3 satellites and now
they're going to expand it to make these
ones. So it's and then they've said that
the same technology there's nothing new
here and there's some new things of
course radiations uh shielding all these
things but that's not the hard part. So
if you believe their words, then they
feel pretty confident that this is not
as hard as a V3. They've already know
how to make thousands of V3 satellites,
Starling satellites, and so they can
make this. And then they can, if they
can get enough Starship launches by next
year, then this is good to go. So it's
all, you know, that's how they
positioned it. Yeah, there you go. See
that one in the middle, that one with a
U-shape kind of thing?
&gt;&gt; That's the one that exists today. And
then they're planning to build these
other facilities to expand it. But Brian
says that what what Elon has decided to
do was in their initial targets of how
many V3 satellites that they were going
to make, he just cut that down into more
than half less. And then he said the
rest of it we're going to make as AI
satellites.
&gt;&gt; Mhm. So this uh you see the little uh
looks like a little tent here. It kind
of is. It's a steel building. That's
where the Boring Company is. uh
landowned under contract is where the
words are closest to the Boring Company
equipment and across
&gt;&gt; We were there, weren't we?
&gt;&gt; Yeah. And across
&gt;&gt; there uh recently
&gt;&gt; in the middle is the user terminals and
gateways where uh you can just see it
from the road. You can't miss it. And
yeah, these other ones are proposed
expansion. I'm sure the neighbors will
be thrilled,
but it's Texas, so you can kind of do
that if that's what you need to do.
Yeah. So, this is all happening. Is it
good news? Um, I would argue all of the
things we covered are good news. Uh, if
you disagree, you are welcome to leave
it in the comments. Uh, and but but
remember, you have to disagree with both
of us because we got you outnumbered.
Uh, so guys, what did we miss? What do
we misunderstand? Leave it in them
comments. Everyone else, uh, like,
subscribe, do what you do, and stay
tuned. Stay juicy. And I cannot wait to
hear from you clever robots in orbit.