Channel:     brighterwithherbert
Title:       Tesla Is Hiding 100 Cybercabs In Palo Alto
URL:         https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ETA62z5jBKE
Published:   2026-09-08 18:32 UTC
Fetched:     2026-09-08 19:00 UTC

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Today's show starts with 100 cyber casts
found hiding in Apollo Alto parking lot
and ends with suppliers saying the
Optimus mass production order just
landed. First, Phil byel, a regular in
this channel, just found what he calls
the motherload, a secret parking lot in
Palo Alto, California with about 100
cyber caps. Now, here's the thing.
Currently, Tesla can only operate
rideill services in California. Similar
to Uber, they're not yet able to offer
autonomous robo taxi. So, might this
mean that a permit is coming soon? We'll
discuss second. Slovenia just approved
FSE supervise. That's country number six
in Europe. Every yes strengthens Tesla's
hand going into the EUwide vote October
6. But even with these success votes,
it's still only less than 10% of the
required 65% population rule. Third,
cyber cab riders keep finding things.
This one is very interesting.
Apparently, Cyber Cavs have onscreen
manual controls, pretty much like a
virtual joystick that allows you to
drive the car by pressing buttons on a
screen. Fourth, we'll watch a video of
Ashok excitedly and adamly explaining
why Teslas carry no LAR. His line, no
sensors in the world can tell you the
future. And finally, the big one. Supply
chain reporting from China says Tesla
ordered roughly 5,000 Optimus robots,
its first production order in the
thousands, targeting up to 2,500 a week
by year end. A report, not a Tesla
announcement, but China's robotic stocks
jumped. Got Joe Bacti here with us
today. He's an economist, investor, and
tech entrepreneur. He has a YouTube
channel covering both Tesla and AGI.
Check out his website and community at
pioneerlands.org.
Welcome, Joe. Good to be back.
appreciate you very much. Let's start
off with this find. This was
interesting. You know, we've been
reporting every time we somebody goes
out there, finds parking lots full of uh
solder caps. But this one is interesting
because this is in Palo Alto,
California, which today
does not have uh per uh Tesla does not
have the right to do a robo taxi
service. They only have the right to do
rideel just like an Uber. There's a
human in the seat. Now they are using
supervised FSD but still according to
the law it's just like an Uber or lift
cyber gold cyber cap gold vein in Palo
Alto. This is Phil by cell. He was
driving around Palo Alto and he saw six
cyber caps around the page mill road
area near Tesla's California
headquarters. Then he says he hit the
motherload a secret parking lot with 100
cyber caps. Everything from engineering
prototypes to what looked like
production vehicles. California,
Florida, and Texas plates. Needless to
say, I stopped counting. Um, they're all
there. I'll play the video uh that he
shared as well.
Yeah, he was walking around. So, if
there are cyber cabs in Palo Alto, yes,
they can just be like other states where
they're testing it out and then they're
improving FSE. But could it mean Joe
that they're actually possibly getting
ready for a permit? Because you can't do
you can't do ridehill, Uber, ride with a
subway cab. It must only be a robo taxi
service. What do you think?
&gt;&gt; Yes, we did an analysis last year. What
was it last year? It was last year on
the exact schedule for California and
all the other states where we dug deep
into with the Pioneer Lands research
team into the rules and regulations and
the exact miles required and all these
complicated things in California for
Tesla to get approval and we are now
getting very very close if not even
beyond the point where they should have
that data ready. So I would not be
surprised in fact I would expect in Q4
uh that Tesla will get the approval in
California. So that can very well happen
you know and if that happens I think it
will be a good catalyst then California
is open for business.
&gt;&gt; So you do think that that is going to
come soon. Um what how what's your
thinking at this point in terms of cyber
cabab counts?
&gt;&gt; Uh 41 is my thinking. We have on on
pioneerlands.org. Go to pinance.org. We
have a new cybercap tracker that
consolidates all these different pages
into a very simple big fat number that
you will see. And right now it says 41
updated every hour and that counts the
commercially deployed cyber caps. So 41
is a good number, right? But I say I
expected 20 to 30 at launch. Now we at
41. It's ticking up slowly. So it added
like two over the last two days. It was
mostly at the launch and then Friday and
Saturday. Uh and we got a little like
confused when what happened. But since
Saturday we only have two new ones, but
41 is a very good number. If you would
have told me on Wednesday last week, we
will be at 40. That would be more
bullish than bearish. Right now, now is
the question. how does it go up? That's
why we have the tracker. I watch it not
just every day, every all the time. Uh,
and we will add to the widget, by the
way, over the weekend. Two more cool
features where you can basically put in
your target number for December, what
you think it would be, and then it tells
you the trajectory on a compounding
rate, how many Tesla would need to add
each week to hit your number. So, you
can basically track it. Then if you
think it's 10,000
&gt;&gt; well then this has to happen or it also
allows you to project out well based on
what happened so far since launch what
is the current trajectory in December. I
think these are the most important
numbers for for Tesla stock.
&gt;&gt; Yep. So uh yeah I think they have 45
that was registered with the state cyber
cap so far. They can easily increase
that at whenever they want. And then we
know that the um they have this wait
time and it's like sometimes it's an
hour wait time because people really
want to test out the cyber cabab over
the weekend and as they launched it on
Friday I had several rides on the on the
cyber cab myself and then I think they
changed like if you wait 7 minutes then
they will re you know they'll cancel
your ride if it's sitting there for too
long because they want to use it for
other cars. They reduce it to four
minutes. So they're being pressured to
increase the number of cyber caps. So I
don't I'm not surprised if they do start
increasing it but it's so far been a
very successful launch and cross fingers
but it's looking really really
&gt;&gt; and it's a it's a different thing. So
you mentioned 45 that is the number of
cyber caps registered with California
they now allowed to deploy 45. What we
are tracking is how many have been
deployed like in the wild spotted cyber
caps
&gt;&gt; and so but you're right it's now
approaching that number. If you are a
very tactical Tesla alpha generator,
Tesla trader, I think this is a very
interesting signal for this week because
I think it will be very bullish, if they
hit 45, which they probably have hit now
or will hit tomorrow on Thursday when
you see that going up, right? What they
register with Texas, right? If on Friday
you see now they have 100 registered.
&gt;&gt; Yep.
&gt;&gt; Okay. Very interesting. So the other uh
big news that happened yesterday was um
Elon and Tesla announced that FSE
supervised was approved in Slovenia.
FE supervised now approved in Svenia
roll out will begin soon and uh there's
a video that they shared with that. So
Tesla's FSE supervised has officially
been approved. Countries in Europe that
have approved FSE supervised is Belgium,
Netherlands, Denmark, Lithuania,
Estonia, and Slovenia. So tiny little
countries.
This is uh where they're at. You can see
in the map here. Um they're the small
ones.
&gt;&gt; One thing important, of course, we
always avoid politics on this channel.
But in terms of Tesla, it's very
important to notice that we had a very
world changing election on Sunday in
Germany. That was reported all over the
place. Trump tweeted about the New York
Times CNN. So it was funny. It's a tiny
little state in the middle of Germany in
the east. Zak Nanhal and the AFD won a
landslide victory and Elon already
congratulated them and the leader of the
AD like tweeted back with them and thank
you Elon for everything. That is
important because East Germany are these
uh states in the east where the FD is
very strong. Elon is very tight with
with them and we already saw that in
Brandenburgg
they had this discussion which I covered
too with Tesla about potentially
piloting
uh autonomous vehicles cyber caps or or
model wise I don't know which one uh for
something extremely interesting
that I projected to be basically 2
million cyber caps in total like
globally that business uh and that was
covering remote regions
and so that would be a deal with the
state of Brandenburgg which is
neighboring Zaxon Anhalt. So these are
all related states and the idea here is
that these states have to provide
transportation to people who live in
remote areas and they are in Brandenburg
thinking with Tesla about doing a pilot
to have these autonomous vehicles reach
remote regions and that is also a
political thing. So I think Germany,
this whole movement of Germany towards
the AD will be very beneficial for Tesla
and could crack Germany open. And if
that happens, you know how it is. That's
the most important.
&gt;&gt; It's almost over. Yeah. Because the rule
is that you have to have, let me let me
do it here. So the vote is on October 6.
Tesla currently has six out of 15% 16
out of 15 votes representing under 10%
of the population. you need 65% of
population. So the issue is that if um
France and Germany together is almost
the 25 the 35%
the 35% they're 33%. So if they both say
no then Tesla will probably not be able
to get this passed. And if they don't
get it passed on October 6 by the way
all these countries that have said yes
they have to pull back. It's my
understanding they are not allowed to do
this. This is an exemption only.
&gt;&gt; I'm not totally sure. Uh as far Well,
the actual rule is that the countries
can approve it if the European Union
does not approve it. So, it's like an
optional. If the European Union approves
it, it becomes a rule that everyone has
to follow. If they don't approve it, it
doesn't mean a singular country cannot
do it. But some of these countries, I
think the Netherlands, have had an
approval where they had to withdraw the
approval if the European Union says no
and then have to redo it. So it's a
little complicated, but the general rule
is if the EU doesn't do it, you're still
allowed to do it.
&gt;&gt; I hope some of them now did it in a way
where they would have to do it in again
or something like that.
&gt;&gt; Okay. Now, France, uh, I think they, uh,
remember that we reported last week that
Elon actually spoke with the prime
minister of France and, uh, it's looking
like that might work. We'll see. Don't
know yet, but that looks like that he
got personally involved and he said he
replied saying, "I do this quite often."
So, it's uh, looking good so far. We'll
see. Actually, the next uh, story here
is very surprising. A lot of these
stories are very surprising, this one
here. And so people wonder how do you
sell a cyber cabab if it does not have
steering wheel and pedals. And so of
course they put steering wheel and
pedals on them so that peop uh human you
know these employees can drive them
around all over the US to rack up the
FSD miles to just ride them up into a
semi have them transferred and make it
easy. But these steering wheels and
pedals are very easily removed. Joe
Tagbar has shown how it's really
plugandplay. It can be done anywhere
honestly. um doesn't have to be brought
into a service center.
&gt;&gt; Having said that, you also if you have
the cyber caps in practice now and
they're in service now at all and
eventually many cities, how do you
control it? Well, this guy discovered
something.
Uh weird cybercap situation. When I got
in the vehicle, the display was was in a
different configuration with a virtual
joystick for manual driving. I have a
feeling I wasn't supposed to see this,
but I tried to manually drive the
vehicle. Anyway,
first look at how cyber cap can control
manually using onscreen controls. Let's
uh take a look at what he said.
&gt;&gt; Guys, look at this. Somehow in my Cyber
Cap that I just stepped into, we have
the
manual driving controls on the screen.
So, this is a configuration here
presumably. Clearly, this car is in like
the the engineering validation
configuration.
I can't
I can't drive. The door is open. I'm
going to close the door. We're going to
see what happens when I close the door.
But you can see there's a horn button
which honks a horn and then there's a
stop button. Look at this.
&gt;&gt; Isn't anyone watching him?
&gt;&gt; Okay, door is closing.
says. So, it says swipe up or down to
shift gears. I don't have the swipe up
or down to shift gears. So, that isn't
here.
I'm going to call support because I
can't I can't start the ride.
Wow. He can't start the ride. Obviously,
he wasn't supposed to see that. What do
you think, Joe? That's pretty cool.
&gt;&gt; I mean, it's a it's a nice Easter egg in
there.
&gt;&gt; Um, yeah, there's not much to say about
that. It's just something that's not
supposed to happen, but it's interesting
to see how these things operate behind
the scenes. So,
yeah, these are just the little
glitches, I guess, that should not
happen at scale.
But I don't think it's a big deal. It's
good that he posted it so Tesla can make
sure it doesn't happen.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. I mean, I think that there's
probably quite a number of different
features we're not aware of. That's a
big one. That's a big one to be able to
control the car. Um, and I'm sure that
the um remote well first remote
operators can always dial in. They can
control the car. And then I guess this
could be for fire emergency vehicles. um
if you yourself are stuck there I don't
know but it just they have many options
and then of course you can also use
Grock you can just talk to Grock and
they have
&gt;&gt; it's also crazy like when you look at
these video videos
I mean it is kind of obvious that they
would do that but still uh it's just
magic when you see this you just talk to
the car and it does all these things
pulls up YouTube videos and plays them
or drives you wherever you want it's
kind of a when you really let that sink
in, you know, that's what I mean. We
like the frogs that are getting boiled
with the AI magic and was like, "Yo,
okay, drive here, drive here." Like even
even two years ago, everyone would have
said, "Are you nuts? What are you
talking about?"
&gt;&gt; It is kind of crazy. Like we were I was
on Cyber Cap with CERN and he was just
talking to Grock and he said, "Pull up,
you know, YouTube videos of my channel."
And uh and I thought, how well wait, how
it needs to not only pull up YouTube, it
needs to search for my name and it's got
to be able to like show you the name and
then play it. So it's it's deeper
integration than just, you know,
pressing buttons, I guess. I guess
&gt;&gt; G rockbot technology. It has control
over the whole computer. It can do
anything.
&gt;&gt; So I at first I thought there's no way
it can do that. And it did. I mean, it's
obviously a very simple thing, not a big
deal, but still. Um,
yeah. Okay. So, that I just I just think
that that is a really cool find.
Manually controlling the car using kind
of like just a screen thing. Um, okay.
The other thing that you can do with a
car, of course, is rain. This guy
posted, "This is the way heavy rain in
Tampa. Thank you for keeping me and my
family safe. We love you Tesla." in
Ashok replied saying, "Tesa Robbo taxis
work equally well in the rain." Just
very confident about that. Yasai said,
"We work hard to make sure the robot
taxi works comfortably and safely in all
weather." I just think that um this is
something people don't know.
&gt;&gt; I'll take out the music. You know,
people don't realize that.
Yeah. This is one of the biggest
misunderstandings, by the way. People
say, I had a a friend tell me, I think
you need lidar. And I said, why do you
need lidar? He said, because if it's
rain or fog, I've seen planes able to
drive rain or fog, and they need liar to
do that. And the complete
misunderstanding is that actually lidar
does not work in rain or fog because the
lasers reflect back from the water
droplets or the fog. And it's actually
worse in rain or fog versus what he's
referring to is radar. And you need high
definition radar to even be effective.
But here the vision is enough to be able
to do this. Yeah. So
&gt;&gt; I it's just so uh I Yeah. I Yeah. We
will never know why people think these
things. I have no ability to simulate
their brains. Like it is so obvious
everything. It's like dude, what do you
think you do with your eyes? You see it.
This thing sees more than you. How hard
can it be to I mean, hello. I don't even
know.
&gt;&gt; No, you're wrong. You're wrong. This is
this is cyber cap. You need all these
sensors.
&gt;&gt; You can't just do this. No way. No way.
It's impossible. Um Elon Elon replied to
that saying pretty much. Yep.
Uh I wanted to show this video of Ashoka
Swami and he actually very um this this
is not the video yet. I'll play it
shortly, but he was actually very
adamant, very adamant about how uh
people did not believe that he was that
he was going to be effective. So, let me
play this video. Listen to him.
&gt;&gt; People drove here with their own eyes.
Um
and then, you know, obviously you can
like walk around this building with your
own eyes. Like, it's it's so obvious
that you can solve this with cameras.
For me at least. Um like why wouldn't
you solve it with cameras? It's like
2026.
like it's uh it should be solved with
cameras just like how every other human
and animal lives around this world. It's
just like you know very simple sensors.
The cell driving problem is you know
thought of as a sensor problem. It's
actually not a sensor problem. It's an
AI problem like you need to understand
the world. You need to understand what
other people are going to do. Uh and the
cameras have enough information um
already. It's just the problem of
extracting the information which is an
AI problem. um the the sensor solution
was developed back in 2008 or whatever
during DARPA DARPA days when there
wasn't enough intelligence around back
then to extract this information it was
and that's why you um need to depend on
all these other sensors back in the day
but nowadays intelligence has grown
tremendously you can obviously extract
this information uh and uh once you have
the AI you don't need the other sensors
you just yeah
&gt;&gt; but okay but watch this this This is
him. I was there at the Cyber Cab event
on Thursday. Yeah, Thursday. And listen
to how how he's just he fired. He was
fired up that day. He was jumping up and
down. He was high-fiving. He was loud.
Um he really means it. Listen to this.
&gt;&gt; You know, every expert expert in the
field has told us that you cannot build
a safe self-driving vehicle with just
cameras. They said you need a light, you
need a radars, you need HD maps and
everything else to drive the car safely.
We at Tesla have never believed in this.
We always thought the core issue for
self-driving is one of intelligence. You
need to understand what is going on. You
need to predict what is going to happen
in the future. And no sensor on the
world is going to tell you what's going
to happen in the future. It is something
an intelligent agent is going to have to
figure out what is going to happen in
the future and act accordingly to
achieve the safety.
That is why we have built on a AI first
end to end driving stack that takes in
camera images from all around the car
constantly paying attention and is
solving for one thing which is driving
you safely.
How do we know this is possible? Because
humans drive around all day long using
cameras. It is not something that we
invented. It's already there. We just
needed to find a way to put it in a
digital computer. And that's what uh we
believe we have. As a testament to the
safety, I am happy to announce that we
have achieved 1 million miles of
unsupervised robot taxi operation.
&gt;&gt; Wow.
What you're thinking about all that?
&gt;&gt; Yeah. I mean, as I said, I have no
explanation what's going on in the
brains. It's like saying my kid is bad.
Like my kid failed the math test. It's
like well maybe he needs more pens or
something. It's like no the pen is not
the problem in a math test. You know the
multiple choice or whatever. It's the
brain. So it's the same here. It's it's
of course not the sensors. We have two
eyes. We solve the problem. They have 10
cameras or whatever. They already have
more than us. It's the brain. That's the
bad news for Whimo.
&gt;&gt; Pretty obvious. Um 1 million miles means
that they've been doing 17% week-over-
week growth rate. So we're hitting maybe
a thou 2,000 cars by the end of the
year, maybe even more because it could
increase this. We'll see what happens.
Um we already did a show yesterday
talking about the Nitsa uh probe, which
actually is good news, not necessarily
bad news. We'll see what happens. We
don't know yet but um people assume that
it's bad news when actually no this is
normal process what happens once you
sell certify Nissa wants to go and take
a look at it deeply to then validate it
and then to change the rules we did that
show yesterday
okay uh what was your point on Nitsa you
had something on that too what's your
you said it's not cyber
&gt;&gt; and it's like it's a long story and
people say people who want to just be
Tesla bulls said, "Oh, this is
It's like, you know, it's an audit. It
always goes fine." And you know, I think
that's a little shortsighted, but
they're right. But they don't know why
they're right. Here's what's happening.
So, when this audit happens, the current
situation is that Tesla is a little bit
pushing its luck. Not just its luck,
this audit at the current state of
things will definitely fail. Like, they
have no chance of surviving the audit
because they're clearly violating this
thing. Even if Nitsa want to be the
nicest Nitsa in the world, they can't
let them get away with it. That's the
bad news because these audits, the FMVSS
says you need breaks and it can't be
like it's just obvious. You can argue
some convoluted stuff, but it doesn't
help you because it clearly says it.
That's the bad news. The good news is
that Nitsa wants to solve this problem
and has already put in a new rule for
review that would resolve the main
issues and then they would pass the
audit if the rule passes before the
audit happens. Now on all reasonable
timelines the decision on the rule
should definitely be completed before
the audit. So the remaining risk is that
the rule gets rejected
&gt;&gt; and my and that is very unlikely because
the NITSA wants the rule. It proposed
the rule now it's reviewing the comments
and earliest end of the year they're
going to vote on the rule. If it's a
positive vote this new rule is in it
changes the regulations and then they
can pass the audit. That's the most by
far the most likely outcome. And my
thesis that's just a little drama on the
side. My thesis for cyber cap event
scheduling
is that that was actually related to
this rule. My thesis is that Tesla is
very aware that they would not pass the
audit. They're very aware they need the
rule. I think they're doing a lot of
lobbying behind the scenes. They are
very aware that Whimo and Uber are dead
if this goes through and Tesla delivers.
Uh and I think Uber and Whimo are also
aware and they will do they will move
heaven and earth to stop this. There you
&gt;&gt; if Uber can make force Nitsa and Tesla
to do a two and a half thousand car cap,
it buys them two years of survival or
three. And if not, they're dead end of
next year. So um well Uber is a long
story but
the interesting thing is that when you
look at when the rule went live to be
reviewed by the public in June this year
when the comment period closed that was
10 days or something 10 days or a week
seven or 10 days before the cyber cap
event the comments were closed. So when
cybercap event was announced that was
basically within 48 hours of that three
months commentary period closing. I do
not think that was by accident because
if if Tesla would have launched cyber
cap let's say a month before the common
period was closing that sends like shock
waves to Uber and way more what do you
do? You would have swamped the comments
and say this is the most dangerous thing
that ever happened to humanity. We will
all die. they would have time to collect
all kinds of arguments and crazy laws
and and put it all in the comments. Once
you do that, it's a big problem because
Nitsa is required. It's a public
institution. They need to review all
comments. They need to address all
concerns. You could have swamped this
thing. And so, I think it was maybe it
was on purpose that Tesla waited because
it's a little weird coincidence that
that they announced the event pretty
much exactly after three months comment
period was closed. So,
&gt;&gt; good. I think this and and if people
say, "Oh, Joe, you're dumb." Like they
way more Uber knew that they're not. No,
it's a very different thing. If if the
whole world says this will never happen,
look how slow the rollout is. Tesla is
not ready, blah, blah, blah. You know,
that sends a very different message to
way more Uber, then Tesla saying boom,
cyber cap launch. And so I do think it
was timed that they that Tesla did not
want to send this giant signal while the
comments are open. So all the lawyers
freak out and swamp the comments. We do
know that Uber is out in force now
trying to slow down AV regulation or
slow down AV progress. Uh, by the way, I
did have a really long a chance to speak
with uh Eric Early who is the guy in
charge of um Tesla Robo Taxi and Cyber
Cab and we spoke quite a long time when
I was there at the event. One of the
things he kept he spent a lot of time
talking about was that they are very
much in constant contact with Nitsa.
It's not like they're two separate, you
know, that they don't know what's going
on, either party's going on, they
communicate regularly. They're both
aware. That's one of the reasons why
CERN was very um skeptical that the day
after Cyber Cap launches, the day of
Nitsa launches a probe and then somehow
shocks everybody going, "Oh, they're in
trouble." When in fact, what you end up
seeing after, even after they announcer
probe, what did you see? You see
Yashock, you see Elon, you see a bunch
of Tesla executives all very positive
saying, you know, Duncan and Whimo,
you know, very positive. So, they
wouldn't be doing that if this was a
surprise. So, anyway,
&gt;&gt; well, it's not a surprise, but we have
to understand it's not just Tesla being
in constant contact with them.
&gt;&gt; It's also way more cool and so
&gt;&gt; it is a battle. I think Nitsa want skews
more towards Tesla and towards progress
because it's Trump administration
everything and we know they're friendly
but they are also a public institution
and they cannot look biased and they
need to take Google and all these and we
were very seriously to not get in
trouble and so they will
follow the process right they have no
choice it's there in the middle of it
and they say we need to follow the
process there are rules and Tesla has to
play by these rules and outplay the
other two And I think they can.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Well, they're they're not uh
biased towards Tesla. They're just uh
they they want to give its fair shake.
If it's safe, then it's safe. Don't tell
me.
&gt;&gt; Well, but they're clearly biased towards
autonomous vehicles. They made it very
clear.
&gt;&gt; They want autonomous vehicles. They want
that to happen. Uh it's going to happen.
Um
&gt;&gt; all right. One last thing about um Tesla
is Optimus robots. Now, this is rumors,
but again, sometimes when it's reported
by the news, GM news, and according to
supply chain vendors, it seems to be
fairly accurate. We don't know, but
apparently Tesla has issued an initial
batch order for roughly 5,000 Optimus
robots. Now, this was, you know,
reported last year, so we don't know how
real it is, but it's more likely true
now. Following earlier pilot runs of
just a few hundred units, this marks the
program's first production order in the
thousands. The new order establishes a
firm baseline delivery target of around
15,000 units this year. More
importantly, it signals a critical
pivot. The supply chain is moving past
merely proving the robot can be built
and into the phase of testing real
volume manufacturing. Shiaoang just came
out with their uh video that pretty
shocking. They're automated the creation
of these robots, the you know the
building of these robots and they're
walking off the line. uh they claim it's
the very first kind of mass production.
The immediate hurdle is a crucial round
of domestic supplier audits scheduled
for September. Tesla's standard gateway
for bumping vendors from provisional
status to certified mass production
partners. It fits right into Tesla's
procurement guidance which calls for
suppliers to hit a run rate of a
thousand per week in September, ramping
up to two to 2,500 weekly by year end.
Okay, so that's the latest news on
robots. Do you believe it?
Yeah, I definitely believe it. I think
the type of news that makes sense. Uh
Tesla Ming is not talking about
generally just supplier deals, but it's
about the order to supply and that this
is in on track. It also, you know, is in
line with the general strategy and
timeline that I see on the robots that
they have 5,000 even 15,000 will be only
internal for testing. So this all makes
sense. I think we are looking at 2027 as
the year where this becomes real and you
can buy Optimus robots or pilot or
partners will be able to buy them. And I
do think that means in Q4 we will see
many thousands produced in Q1 tens of
thousands for internal use and testing
and all kinds of things.
Maybe then a quarter later or two
quarters later it will be live. So I
expected summer or Q3 next year to
actually see Optimus.
Perfect. Thank you so much. I appreciate
you, Joe. All right, so this is uh the
news for today. Things are moving.
Things are moving fast. Things are
looking good. Thank you so much, Joe. Uh
follow him on his website,
pioneerlands.org.
Thanks, everybody.
&gt;&gt; Thank you.