Channel:     futureaza
Title:       Europe Wasn’t Ready For Tesla FSD
URL:         https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OEIXYDFv2Yg
Published:   2026-04-15 12:00 UTC
Fetched:     2026-04-15 13:00 UTC

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

While 14.3 is rolling out in the US,
however, slowly there's a bigger story
going on, which is that FSD has been
approved in the Netherlands, and that
could open the door to broader EU
approval. So, of course, if I'm going to
discuss that, I got to bring on somebody
who knows what we're talking about. I
got Case Roland Champ from the
Netherlands who is driving at the moment
on FSD. So, if he doesn't make eye
contact, it is not to offend. It is to
obey the rules of the road. Uh, probably
shouldn't be doing this, but we're doing
it anyway. I'm Brian. Welcome to
Futurasa.
&gt;&gt; So, Case, we've got uh some exciting
stuff going on here. Uh, tell me what
happened.
&gt;&gt; A big bombshell dropped. Um,
first of all, on a Friday, we got the
the big news. We were waiting all day
and then at like 11:00ish 10 11 uh local
time Amsterdam uh we got the news and uh
within 24 hours of getting this news I
got the email for early access and I
actually got confirmation that I was the
first nonTesla employee who received the
update.
um didn't take long because there are a
little bit more people in early access
and also some people who don't have
early access but got the regular FSD
version FSD supervised but without the
camera logo uh for uh extra input and
clips.
Um instantly started downloading it and
went out on my first drive and haven't
stopped since. So I'm almost at the
thousand kilometer mark in a little bit
more than two days.
&gt;&gt; That's very very cool.
&gt;&gt; It's my turn.
&gt;&gt; So I'm gonna just read a little bit
here. Yeah. FSD supervised is officially
available in Europe and the first lucky
testers this guy are uh already doing it
following the landmark approval from the
Dutch Vehicle Authority RDW last week.
Tesla has wasted no time in pushing the
software to the public roads. early
footage and screenshots
uh let's see uh have provided a deep
dive into the unique features Tesla has
baked into the European build from new
speed settings to strict safety
requirements. Here's what's going on. So
there so it is a 14225 build uh but it
is a slightly different one. Can you
tell me what some of those differences
are?
&gt;&gt; Uh yeah. Yeah. So uh contextual speed
um that's the biggest difference I
think. Uh so uh where autopilot and FSD
usually uh or before we got this had a
max speed limit of 140 km/h
that is now set to the country maximum
of 130. So it's 10 km less but the car
really listens to what I do as a driver.
So um for instance
we have uh daily uh changing limits uh
no hourly changing limits. So from 6:00
in the morning until 7 in the evening it
would be 100 km per hour and after 7
until 6:00 the next morning you can
drive 130. If at night you enter the
highway with uh FSD activated it will be
on the cautious end of things. So around
100 km/h, cars will be overtaking you.
If you press the accelerator, it notices
that the rest of the vehicles are also
doing 120, 125, 130, and it will stay at
125. If you then push it a little bit
more, it stays consistent at 130. And
that was my biggest annoyance doing the
30,000 kilometers in the US last year,
especially where there when there were
no cars. It would go below the speed
limit and not even adhere to the speed
limit. And I could push the throttle
whatever I wanted to, but it kept on
slowing down quite quickly. Uh so that's
a big difference. Um the lead vehicle in
front of you gets displayed in yellow. I
don't see the added benefit uh of that.
Everyone needs to watch a uh mandatory
three and a half minute instruction
inter uh video where it clearly shows
and says what you are supposed to do,
what you can expect and what what to
look out for and how to recognize when
it's working on autopilot or FSD and
when it's not working on FSD. And you
have to answer two questions. I really
like this feature. And that's exactly
what I did with my mom today. I let her
watch the video and I gave her a little
bit of information and then just let her
drive. And it was 30 minutes roughly,
start to finish, no interventions
needed, uh, from house to supercharger.
And the only thing it messes up is the
parking at the end of things
&gt;&gt; um, if you have FSD activated. But if
you use auto park, it works like a
charm.
Uh so for me, those are the biggest
differences I have right now. And I
think it's a little bit more assertive
with vulnerable road users or in the
regular speech, pedestrians and
cyclists.
&gt;&gt; Mhm. Um aggressive in that it'll get
closer to them or farther from them?
&gt;&gt; Closer. and it will start to creep
forward a little bit more to make clear
to the other road users what the
intention of the vehicle is because what
I've noticed in Amsterdam and Amsterdam
is wild. That's like the biggest
difference with the US is the amount of
pedestrians and cyclists but also um
jaywalking in the US rarely happens. I
only saw it a couple times. Whilst
jaywalking in Holland is I think it's
almost mandatory in every uh education
you get. Do not
uh look look at the red light, just
walk. And cyclists will always go in the
wrong direction and bike where they
aren't supposed to bike. And of course,
as a car um which cannot really
communicate, you need to communicate in
a different way. And that's by showing
your intention in a bold manner. But at
the same time, they need to be very
cautious because FSD cannot afford to
make mistakes right now. Um, so it's
it's still sometimes a little bit too
little of a dick. Uh, in my opinion, it
needs to be a little bit more of a dick
sometimes, especially in the the city
center where it's super crowded
&gt;&gt; because other road users will take
advantage of you being too cautious. Um,
and there are some people who
&gt;&gt; who politely wait and wave like you can
go, but then I'll do like I'm not the
one who's driving, you know, and then of
course they start walking, but other
people are walking too. So, um those are
itsy tiny bits that you um encounter and
of course the naysayers and the negative
nies have this as a complaining point.
But yeah, if that's all that they can
complain about
&gt;&gt; and I think those complaints are fair
for the very first time it's authorized
to for use. And I would agree with you
if I if the 14.225 225,
which is what I think I'm on. If I were
to be using that right now on a crowded
place like the streets of Europe or
Asia, I think it would be constantly
hard on the brakes because am I about to
kill somebody? No. No. That's just how
we travel Europe. That's just what we
do. Uh in this article, it does show
contextual speed awareness and it shows
your screenshot. So, that's kind of fun
uh because it's explaining how it works.
Uh now, uh in a I would like to ask the
audience in the comments, uh would you
like to have Tesla add videos like this
for all users, especially first-time
users. I'm not saying you guys need to
see it now, but for all new users, new
cars, new profiles. It's a 3 minute,
three and a half minute video. I think
that would be helpful. What does the
audience think? and on this. So, now
we've got the question of what happens
next. And I suspect what happens next is
they bring it to the uh European Union
and say, "Let's vote." Uh what do you
think's going to happen?
&gt;&gt; Uh sorry, I wasn't paying attention
because the car was doing something
amazing. Um
there was a situation where this guy was
at like really close on my ass. Um, and
somebody was overtaking me and the car
noticed that I can go to the left. It
started indicating, but the car in front
of me went to the right and it just
cancelled the maneuver and stayed in the
lane instead of doing the lane change
and then revert back to the old lane.
So, I needed to pay attention because I
am supervising.
&gt;&gt; Um, what was your question? Can you
repeat it?
&gt;&gt; There you go. The question was, what
happens next with European approval and
how likely is it? Um well essentially
the RDW approval is ready to be taken
for granted in every country. Um so they
can accept this ruling and just start
implementing and adjusting their
national regulations.
They can also choose to have additional
limitations by their own type approval
authorities or governing bodies for
specific rules. But in essence, now
Tesla has requested
uh EUwide approval and that means that
the economic commission uh will need to
vote on this and I think it's a majority
vote and if that majority vote gets
passed um then
&gt;&gt; well from in four to 6 months from now
&gt;&gt; uh that could be the quickest timeline
where all the other EU new member states
uh can experience it too and have the
update start pushing to them when you
have it either bought or subscribed to
it. So it can be very quick and I think
it will the dominoes will start to fall
&gt;&gt; quickly.
&gt;&gt; Now you know that the stats page that
you have is different than the stats
page that I have.
&gt;&gt; Okay.
&gt;&gt; Uh can you explain that? Um, yeah,
&gt;&gt; because you've got, you know, it shows
you by day.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Yeah. And it also shows if you are
on a streak. So, right now I'm on a
two-day streak. Um, and it shows you per
day and actually also per month in a
graph how much you have driven. So on
the right side you have the amount of
kilometers.
Um, so that's the vertical axis.
The horizontal axis right now displays
months and at the at the top of and it
gives you the possibility to uh see how
much percentage of self-driving it is
and also you have at bottom you have
some tutorials.
&gt;&gt; So you've been sharing this with uh
people with uh friends and family. What
is the consensus overall?
&gt;&gt; Everybody's blown away. My mom instantly
got used to it in a matter of I think
three minutes after she started driving.
The first thing she said, "Oh, I think I
want to have this on my trip to Spain."
So, they drive to Spain and and Holland.
Uh, so that's roughly 2,000 kilometers
that they need to do.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Calate the miles whatever way you
like. But um it's it's a two three day
trip of driving. Um so this will be
killer if they have this. Um and it's
she got used to it very quickly. And my
sister, she's 43, 44ish.
Um she was actually more scared than my
mom when trying it out for the first
time. Um but also got used to it fairly
quickly. and the rest is just like,
yeah, it's solved. Um, it's doing a a
heck of a job and I have all my faith
and confidence. So, it's overwhelmingly
positive uh the responses I get and
especially for first timers, it's
blown away like that.
And I even myself I have moments
throughout the day where I am like god
damn it. Even this it pulls off like
like a legend.
&gt;&gt; Um
&gt;&gt; yeah it's it's amazing to see what
they're capable of and how good it is
and has become.
&gt;&gt; Well, I'm hopeful that this will drive
sales, but we will find out as it uh
begins rolling wider. Uh certainly we
can expect to see some revenue uh from
subscribers uh if not outright purchases
which I understand are still available.
Uh I'm going to go ahead and wind this
down because having connectivity issues.
Uh so guys, what did we miss? What we
misunderstand? What questions do we ask
of Case and thank him so much. Uh his
socials will be in the description.
Check them out. Everybody else, stay
tuned. Stay juicy. And I cannot wait to
hear from you clever robots when your
robot is driving you around.