Channel:     jobhakdi
Title:       Why Tomorrow Is PIVOTAL for Tesla, Micron And The Market
URL:         https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tA7tQXsyO7w
Published:   2026-07-28 19:46 UTC
Fetched:     2026-07-28 22:00 UTC

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

to shock us. And what happened today?
Well, it's already tomorrow over there.
But what happened with Korea is another
shocking day with the South Korean
stocks plunging nearly 11%.
That's crazy. And of course dragging
down and destroying
American semiconductor stocks in
response today with you know some of our
favorites and my biggest biggest
position right now a net position uh
micron being hit very brutally and I
told you yesterday I need this thing to
be above 850 to make money this week.
So, not looking too good. That that was
definitely unexpected, especially after
this brutal drop that already happened
before. I'm playing it normally very
safe, right? I need to make the money
for Pioneer Alpha and Pioneer Bonds. So,
I don't want to take too excessive
risks. But this time, fortunately, I'm
only trading privately right now because
the Pioneer Alpha uh portfolio in July
is in transition into our institutional
instrument. That took a little longer.
maybe a good thing. Uh so we got hit in
June a little bit, gave up some of our
gains. Of course, not all of them, but
some. And in July, we had this
transition. So I was just trading a
little bit for fun. Uh but that trade,
let's see if I come out of this with a
profit. I still think I could. But we
have to discuss today what is going on
in this crazy market. I mean, Micron
down so much on no news just because the
Koreans can't get their margins under
control. Amazing. I heard that
3% of Koreans or some insane number got
margin called not of portfolios but of
the entire country. That is nuts. So
this is really extreme stuff. And today
we are going to dive a little bit
deeper. First of all, what the whole
situation is with the market. why retail
investors are so frustrated
and to put everything a little bit into
perspective because I think a lot of
people including institutions by the way
who are also looking bad hedge funds
looking very bad this year so far retail
looking very bad so far and at the same
time we are close to all-time highs so
everyone thinks they're a loser and are
depressed down 40% down 12% whatever is
and thinks am I the only loser here. Why
is everyone up and I'm down? Not
everyone is up. It's actually a
disastrous year so far with the absolute
worst July in a very long time. We're
going to look at some of these some of
these things right here. So, look at
this for example. Look at this. Just to
put it into perspective. If you're a
Tesla shareholder and you think you got
hammered, look at your colleagues over
here. Maybe you're a Tesla and a Micron
and a whatever Marvel shareholder, but
look at what happened from the highs
over the past month. This is not a
correction. This is a hardcore crash if
you ask me. From the highs, SanDisk down
50% in a month. Pretty bad. All of them
50%. Micron 30%.
Look at this. Isn't that crazy? So, we
are in a fullblown crash. Let's make no
mistakes about that. Um, we have very
good contrarian news today. Jim Kramer
has said that the AI financing is like
the com bubble. So, that signals
probably a bottom because that's first
of all not true. And second, Jim Kramer
says something like this. We are very
close to the bottom in my opinion. We're
getting to this a little bit more. We
get fundamental news on the whole
semiconductor trade of course that
everything under the surface is
incredibly bullish. All the fundamentals
looking incredibly good. So here Trade
Whisperer says a leading research firm
released new 2027 DM data today. It is
bullish of course. New supplies absorbed
by HPM before it ever reaches the
general market. Of course look at Elon
what he said in the earnings call. Look
what Nvidia does. They are sold out all
the way to 2029. And if you ask me,
wafer input dedicated to HBM is
projected to increase roughly 40%
year-over-year in 2027 to meet HBM 4bit
demand. Conventional DRM waiver input
grows only 12%. The DAM industry
sufficiency ratio is project to worsen
in 2027.
Think about that. People are selling off
SKH Highix and Micron because they're
thinking they're losing pricing power
when it's clear that they're gaining
pricing power next year. It's crazy. So,
that's happening. Totally irrational
market. I want to show you this one.
This goes straight into our weekly
brief. I love this chart. Straight in
our weekly brief this Sunday coming out.
If you go to pioneerens.org, you see the
weekly brief from last Sunday, which is
only two days ago. I will get into that
in a second. But very interesting things
to put things into perspective. If you
feel very bad and very dragged down and
you think your portfolio is down,
well, look at this. Here you see the Mac
7 outside Apple and you see the
valuations of these things.
uh it's actually not outside of Apple,
it's outside of Tesla, but the 12 months
forward PE ratio and what you see 2016
was the last
uh was the last lower valuation point of
time. They're all down to 20, Microsoft
to 20, Nvidia actually, well, it's at
20. Amazon down to 20. Uh Alphabet a
little better, but also below 20. Uh
Apple is the only one up. and Meta
also looking pretty bad. And you have to
consider that was 2020.
That was the pandemic I think.
So the bottom line is Amazon is as cheap
as it has ever been over the last 10
years. Okay. Similar things is true for
Nvidia actually, right? It's like right
at the lows of the 10-year lows. uh for
meta we are seeing also 10ear lows with
the exception of this I don't even know
what that exactly was uh and alphabet
also relatively cheap so all of these
valuations are down dramatically
so we are in a weird market where in the
middle of an exponential AI boom
everyone is selling the most important
hyperscalers
so what else do we have here sandisk I
mean look at this
what a disaster
Uh,
what else do we have here? Kevin Baker.
This also goes straight into the weekly
update. So, I'm giving you a little
preview here. But of course, Gavin Baker
is a very smart VC and investor and he
gives us the big rundown here. Uh, very
smart where he basically makes the state
uh he makes the case for the market is
totally overreacting to hypers scale
credit spreads widening. From my
perspective,
TLDDR spot pricing for renting GPU
compute materially above contracted
rates implies hyperscalers are under
earning while operating cash flow
accelerations and underestimate source
of funds. Absolutely. So people
see that the credit spreads are
widening. Okay. So the credit that the
hyperscalers take on to build out uh the
big GPU infrastructures, this credit
gets more expensive because the market
is pricing in more risk which makes
everyone nervous. Why does Google, Meta
and so on have to pay higher interest
rates? Is there something wrong with
them? And basically Gab Baker says,
"Dudes are you kidding me? there is
massive backlog people overpaying GPU
compute uh spot pricing so basically if
you rent long term you get your deal but
right now it's above these deals so yeah
the fact that spot price for GPU rentals
are at least two times higher than
contracted rates is the missing piece so
basically contract long-term and if spot
price if the prices currently that are
being paid by people to rent these GPUs
from the hyperscalers is 2x over
long-term prices.
It tells you how bad the squeeze is. It
tells you how badly people want compute
and we know that anecdotally from
anthropic for example.
So all of these signs from pricing power
for micron and DRAM
to spot pricing for GPU compute like the
entire AI stack on all entry points
where you have measure points about
market health shows you one thing. There
is a massive demand supply imbalance.
The demand massively
exceeds supply all the way into 2028
based on the backlogs
you have when you actually spend capex
right now as these hyperscalers you have
massive demand against that and that
makes this one of the lowest risks
so-called bubbles we have ever seen. I
made a little joke. I made the little
joke on X.
Here's the joke. You have to use your
brain for the joke. You have to do a
little math.
If your neighbors
sign a deal with you for your little ice
cream stand for $500 worth of ice cream
that you don't have right now, and
they're signing off their houses. It's
secured with their mortgages. Not with
the mortgage, with their house, with
their assets. and say, "Here, little
Joe,
you get me $500 worth of ice cream. I'm
paying your ice cream number." And you
say, "Okay, fine." And you go to your
mom and say, "Mom, I need $200 to buy
whatever milk and sugar. I don't even
know how to make ice cream. It's made up
this example. I don't know how to make
ice cream." You go to your mom and say,
"Mom, I need $200 because the neighbors
already signed $500 in backlog
commitments. And with his $200, I can
buy the ingredients to make the ice
cream to give it to my neighbors. And
the $200 actually buy me $1,000 worth of
ice cream. But I need $200 and I make
the $500. I make $300 gain. And I have
50% more ice cream on top of it to sell
for a pure margin.
And your mom says, "Little Joe,
this is the most outrageous credit
bubble I've seen in my entire life. then
your mom is dumb. That's the bottom
line. So that's pretty much what's going
on here. That's exactly what Google
does. They're building out $200 billion
worth of capex GPUs
with a $500 billion backlog for that
stuff. And when you do the math, the 200
billion actually buys them more than the
500 billion revenue that it buys them
more.
So Kevin Baker is absolutely right. This
is all bogus.
the dumbest thing I've seen in a very
long time here. Even Kim Yang Uno,
whoever that is is
happy. Uh what do we have here? The Red
Sea. And so that is basically going on.
Uh we see here the semiconductor
sector. Okay. All stocks of the
semiconductor index SOX are now trading
below the 50-day moving averages. the
first such occurrence since April 2025,
which is funny. That's the times we live
in. That just happened last year for
totally different reasons, of course,
liberation day and stuff like that. But
here you see basically
percent of components above 50-day
moving average. And you see this hits
like a total low, which is also a sign
that we are a little on the
bottoming out side here in my opinion.
And then this is the one I want to
finish that review of what's going on.
This definitely also goes into the
weekly update on Pioneer Lands. Uh here
you see Goldman US high beta momentum
monthly. What does it tell you? This is
the worst selloff of momentum stocks we
have ever seen. This is worse than the
2008 and 9 crash. It is worse than the
do bubble.
So, if you think the market is bad and
you're depressed, well, I'm not
surprised. This is literally the worst
sell-off in history in recent history
over the last 30 years. Let that sink
in. So, what we experienced is an
absolute bloodbath that we actually do
not recognize when you just look at S&amp;P
and NASDAQ, even though the NASDAQ is
also now in correction territory. So
yes, it is extremely bad what's
happening right now. Just in case
you think it's just you and you know
Micron is a of course one of the main
victims here. We see that Tesla is
actually doing relatively well today and
Nvidia is doing well today. It's
actually green. It recovered. It was
also down dramatically. I mean not
dramatically but it was down nearly 2%.
recovered.
Uh micro was also down much more. Tesla
is doing tremendous for Tesla. We should
be very proud of Tesla. It's only down a
little bit today, you know, only down
$1.78. That's like a dream performance
for Tesla. So, uh SpaceX is up. Where
SpaceX? SpaceX is up today, which is
interesting news. The earnings of course
are coming up for SpaceX. Why is there
no SpaceX here? Earnings are coming up
for SpaceX
and SpaceX did pretty well today. 2.56%
up also after being totally pushed down
in the beginning. You see SpaceX is in
the middle of price discovery here. That
thing got totally slaughtered. People
thought, "Oh, it's an AI stock. Let's
drop it 5% and then it ended green plus
2.9%." So very interesting action here.
That implies to me that the sell off in
SpaceX for now is seizing.
Look at this crazy is seizing after of
course being dramatically sold off from
the IPO, right? It was at 2016.
So it's also down nearly 50%. Uh from
its peak. Uh I think it has a little
more way to go because a lot of unlocks
are coming. But SpaceX is becoming
actually attractive down here. So that's
going on. And now what happens tomorrow?
Why is this also interesting? Because
tomorrow is actually a huge day for the
market. When you look at this here, I
just summarize why tomorrow is
important. So tomorrow morning 10:00
a.m. So tomorrow is a very big day. Some
people would argue it's the most
important day of the quarter tomorrow in
terms of signaling to the market.
I think the bottom line of tomorrow is
I'm a little more bullish than bearish
on tomorrow for one simple reason, but I
would also predict all these earnings.
We have tremendous earnings coming up
tomorrow. They probably won't go that
great because they're all capex
spenders. So, let's go through it.
Metropolitan area employment and
unemployment not that important. But
then, of course, the big one at 200 pm,
the Federal Open Market Committee
Committee rate decision. So, the Fed
meets and will announce its rate. And we
had some people out there creating a
little bit of panic and saying, "Oh,
they're going to hike rates."
I mean, I'm not sure, no one knows what
happens. But given the situation, given
the Iran war, given the oil price drop
that we just saw, given the complete
bloodbath and panic in the AI trade,
given that Kevin W is only in there
because Trump told him to lower rates
and that this is his one job. I mean, I
I like Kevin Walsh. He's makes a very
good impression. I think he's very
smart. But given where the market is,
given where the economy is, given oil
price implosion,
hiking rates in this situation seems a
little insane to me. And the market's
actually pricing in 65 to 80% hold, 20
to 35% chance of 25 basis points hike,
which means if they don't hike, should
be pretty good for the markets.
Uh so 200 pm watch that 2 pm 2 hours
before market close we will get the
decision
more important we will see the press
conference and then wash was very short
and I think he wants to actually not do
all the signaling stuff too much he
wants to actually make it a little more
rational so that's good but we have to
be of course watching out for financial
condition growth inflation but also risk
assets and API capex related Thanks.
So, what do I expect? Yeah, I'm going
here with the with the majority. I think
we are not hiking rates. It seems that
too insane, but you'd never know. And I
think WH did a very good job last time.
So, I'm bullish on his press conference
abilities that he's not going to say
something stupid and keep it very
neutral, not say too much. Going to say,
"Oo, it's all difficult. Blah blah blah.
Inflation unclear. It's keeps popping
up." But it might be also Iran war
related. Who knows? So I expect him to
not say, "Oh, we are all going to die of
inflation."
Then why is this so important? Tomorrow,
it's not just that. It's after the
close, we have a massive the biggest day
in AI earnings of the quarter. We have
meta reporting. And of course, we know
there's massive AI spend. And so meta
will be very important. these psychos
that are right now in charge of the
market, they're going to say, "Oh my
god, he said they're going to spend
money on AI, sell everything." Uh,
Microsoft exactly the same. So, we have
these two giants, Meta and Microsoft.
Okay, Microsoft's going to say, "Oh my
god, we drown in business. We drown in
money. Therefore, we have to build more
data centers." And then the market's
going to say, "God, sell everything.
Sell Microsoft to zero. They have
infinite business and I want to invest
in it. That's horrible."
So that's very likely to happen kind of
predictable. Uh we have Qualcomm very
very important. So here we are looking
at Snapdragon Edge AI and all their
little uh CPUs and whatever they have
and we have ARM very interesting
company. ARM was a very big soft bank
play. Uh so again we have two very
important semiconductor names and we
have two make sevens. And so what are we
watching?
You know, we watch Asia and AI spend on
Microsoft. We watch AI infrastructure
spend and scale.
And it doesn't really matter what they
say. It's going to be super bearish in
this current sentiment. If they say
they're scaling back investments, I
think that would be the worst thing that
could happen.
Then then, you know, that's the end of
the world. If they say we spending less
than expected. If they spend more than
expected, that's also horrible in in the
eyes of the market. So basically, they
can only lose. They either say we spent
more on AI, then they will drop like a
stone, or they're going to say we spend
less on AI, then they will go to zero
and the entire market will crash. So,
which is a little irrational when you
think about it, but that's what it is.
So, I think both of them might go to the
upside and spend more than expected.
That's what I hope. But the market will
not be nice to them if they can't offset
this with some insane earnings
uh growth. I think Meta I'm not playing
earnings. You never know. But I mean
Meta normally surprises to the upside
especially with AI. They're very good in
deploying AI for the core business. So I
would be more bullish on Meta than on
Microsoft. I don't even know what
Microsoft is doing. They're like very
confused. uh but meta wellrun use you
know they're trading the lowest at the
lowest P ratio of all the makes seven so
Meta probably outperforming but what
will the market do in reaction I'm not
sure very likely they get punished for
spending more on AI
so what do I do here I'm not playing any
of these earnings I'm holding my micron
I think micron is just absolutely
ridiculously low here even though you
have to be cautious right you don't know
what that market plans to
Uh but this is kind of ridiculous and I
will hold my micro positions through
these earnings unless the Fed creates
some panic because if the Fed creates
panic oo these earnings will just
accelerate the panic. All in all we are
in dire straits. We are in panic not me
the market which is more like a bullish
sign than a bearish sign. And as I said,
if you think things are bad, you're
right. Things are actually horrible.
They're absolutely horrible. Uh
the question is, will it get worse? I
mean, here's here is where do we have
this? This was my favorite chart where
they actually compared
um
CXMT, the new
the new Chinese company that just
dropped everyone. the new Chinese RAM
company
that this company actually trades at
$500 billion dollar.
Here's AJ with some very good comments.
We estimate Micron Technology will earn
44%. Let that sink in. 44%
of its current market value of its
current market cap nearly half of its
entire market cap. It will earn in
earnings over the next eight quarters.
Let that sink in. We estimate next eight
quarter non-GAAP earnings of $41
billion. And they are not the only ones,
by the way. Everyone kind of assumes
that who knows a little bit about it.
Market cap at 920 billion.
That's nuts. Just think about that. If
you have a 10 PE, that's extremely low.
In a non-growth company, even it's kind
of low. So here you're assuming that
this company within two years makes half
of its entire market cap in earnings.
What's even your assumption after that?
Even if these earnings go down after
that,
you will make your entire money back
within five years or something depending
what you project after that five to six
years. You're buying Micron and within
five to six years you're getting entire
market cap back in earnings and you
think that's too expensive. That's
completely nuts. And that's taking into
consideration a drop in earnings.
Uh what do we have here? For every 10 of
industry revenue,
uh went do something. Okay, fine.
Here. This was the crazy thing. The
irony here is that the Chinese investors
have chosen to value CXMT. Okay, that's
the company that just went public, went
up 490% or something, 450%. That is the
company that just dropped Micron, SK,
Highix, and Samsung and the entire
market.
And investors are giving that thing 500
billion dollars market share when Micron
Micron actually only has, as you just
read, 900 billion.
And you know based on the market share
500 billion CXMT implies Micron should
be at 1.4 trillion not to mention all
the advantages it has. So completely
nuts. The bottom line here is I wrap it
up and then we go into the comments. The
bottom line here is the market is being
very irrational right now. Very
irrational. I know it feels very scary,
but if you're a cold-blooded value
investor or pioneer investor who looks
into the future and understands the
basics, this is kind of very easy easy
wins. Mac 7, super cheap. Meta super
cheap. Amazon, Google, mega cheap.
Nvidia ridiculously cheap. micron.
Whatever you think about cycle tops and
everything and that the earnings go
down, the earnings will go up massively
next year. Guaranteed the earnings are
probably stabilizing even in 2028 and
potentially go up even more. And if that
thing crashes after, which is also very
unlikely by the way, even then it's too
cheap right now. And then don't get me
started on Tesla. I just had a
conversation with Herbert. I mean Tesla
is a total ridiculous buy because they
are on track with Optimus. Maybe Cyber
Cap is delayed in Robo Taxi a little
bit. Maybe we see it in Q1 and not in
Q4. It doesn't matter. These people are
killing it and executing and Tesla's
very cheap. So I think for anyone who's
a little bit more long-term focused,
this is a gift. Now, is it going to get
worse? Is it going to get a better gift?
Of course it could happen but I think
also I feel on all fronts
oh we are we are reaching a bottom here
in my opinion because you can't this is
the difference to a bubble. What are you
going to do with micron at four forward
price earnings? What are you going to
do? Where's your bubble? Would you want
to sell it down to two forward price
earnings? Do you want to drop it another
20% so you actually make 60% of the
market cap in the next eight quarters?
Like it just gets too insane here with
these companies. So, so I think I'm
getting more and more bullish, but I'm
kind of, you know, based on my risk
profile, fully invested. I can't do more
right now without pushing it too far.
And once we are institutional, once we
have the Pioneer Bonds live hopefully
next week. This was also a little
journey. Everything gets delayed.
There's too much regulations.
But we will live. We we will be live
probably next week or the week after. Uh
I will stay cautious of course I need to
deliver my returns so our bond holders
are happy but uh portfolio link but um
this market is very good in my opinion.
This is a great entry position. You just
have to be cautious that you can stomach
any kind of crazy drop that can happen
anytime in between.
So let's see what's going on here. Uh,
where is the chat?
Let's see. Hello. The chat is lagging as
always.
Why is this chat so messed up? I'm
trying to see you guys's chat.
Maybe I have to go on YouTube again. I
use uh
Riverside and it just had a problem
with this whole thing. How can I do
this? Public chat. Hello.
They messed up their own technology.
Maybe I can go here. View. And last time
I checked it,
it actually started appearing also in
Riverside.
Skip. Okay, there I am.
We have the chat live. Is it now here?
Now it appears. This is this is
this is a major technological problem.
Riverside. Okay, now I got you guys.
Hello everyone. Let's go to the
beginning. Joe, does Tesla hit 4,000 per
share before or after they release the
flying car?
After. I don't know if they're going to
I think after more pain to come.
Maybe maybe maybe I've called debit
spreads on MU and Tesla.
Interesting. Uh the Trump effect.
Yeah, we didn't even talk about Iran. I
mean, this is totally ridiculous. I
think you guys know what my stance was
on Iran. Everyone was criticizing me. I
said this can't go anywhere. If there's
any remaining rationality in the
administration, they just can't go to
war against Iran. So, it's that simple.
I mean, they can drop little bombs from
time to time, but they can't really do.
This bounce will be epic
probably. I mean, Micron going up 10% in
a day for absolutely no reason is
definitely in the cards.
Uh, John Fraso says, "Kramer says,
"Sell, buy every share possible." Yeah,
I mean, Kramer is like spot on as a
critarian. He always says exactly the
wrong thing. It's kind of amazing
here. Bullish as fuk says just remember
folks a great man once said buy when
there's blood in the water
even if that blood is your own.
I a great another great man called Joe
says when they cry we buy.
Okay. Even when we cry ourselves we buy.
Okay. To make that what Crosby says.
Yes. Wait. Crosby. What did Crosby say?
Where's Crosby? Exactly. The flying car
joke. Little Snot knows children should
be banned from com commenting. Who is
that?
Uh, is the Democrats trying to
destabilize the markets before the
midterms can't have all-time highs or
they're screwed? I don't know if they
can do anything.
Uh, here street credit zero. The way you
say, "Mom, Joe is quite poant."
Also, ice cream is mostly cream with
sugar. Is it? I have. That's
interesting. I never made it. Uh, so you
take cream and freeze it and put in
sugar and your little whatever it is,
strawberry or something.
Uh,
Democrats also are ruining the
cryptoclarity bill, destroying the
economy on purpose. I'm not following
the clarity bill but yeah someone is
holding this thing up
uh
street credit zero the institutions and
hedge funds can be bogus for longer than
you can remain solvent. Well, we also
have to understand most hedge funds are
victims the same way retail investors
are, right? They don't control this.
Like sometime it's like the matrix.
Sometimes they can plot something, but
it's not that they're moving as one.
Like a lot of hedge funds get screwed
all day long because they're making
mistakes.
How is this one of the worst crashes
since 2008? Well, that's just a fact.
It's just what it says. Uh this is the
highest loss of momentum stockh stocks
on a monthly basis so far.
That's just what it is.
And you have to consider that's on a
monthly basis. So in these massive
crashes when you look at the actual
statistics here you see the crashes
accumulated right? So on an on a
cumulative level that here is much worse
than what we have experienced now. So
they are talking about a singular month.
This is the worst month we have ever
experienced in the last 30 years. It's
just a fact. These crashes are just
worse because look, it's like month on
month, right? Look at the 2000 crash.
This is this month and then boom, the
next month is also bad. The next month
is bad and then you're getting
destroyed. Same with the 2008 crash.
Whereas this is a singular concentration
here. And I don't think this sets up
sets us up for a giant crash even though
it looks like the com bubble.
But you have to make a distinction here.
You cannot crash stocks like Micron like
that or Nvidia because there is a flaw.
Remember in the com bubble Cisco was
trading at 120 price earnings not at
four. Like think about that. Cisco the
big one that crashed
traded at 120 price earnings ratio. We
are trading at four.
Think about that. Forward.
Boom. Boom. Boom. Here. Bullish as f. I
stopped looking at the portfolio. Lost a
couple brand new Teslas worth of net
worth. And I'm not concerned. Been there
before. Exactly. If you if you're not on
margin, you're long term. Like this is
means nothing, right? I'm a little more
stressed because I have to actually do
things every day. But I mean, you know,
I mean, it can get worse. If we crash
tomorrow, if the market crashes 50%, I'm
a little screwed. But so far, I mean,
it's all, you know,
if you are too obsessed with your
portfolio, don't go super duper on
margin and do crazy things or if you do,
you have to be very skilled. Um, and you
always have to, even if you have an
aggressive investment strategy, you know
what you're doing. Even if you're down
50%, it's not a big deal if you're up in
the bull runs 200%. Right? You have to
be like,
you know, it's bad if you're down 10%
and the bull runs you're up 10 uh 5%.
So, you have to balance this out and
definitely you have to avoid getting
wiped out. That's very important.
In my retirement accounts, I sold out of
a bunch of Tesla at 307, then turned
around and sold 30750 puts. Yeah, that's
one of my favorite little strategies
because it's like peace of mind. If it
goes up, fine. It goes up. If it goes
further down, you saved some money.
I'm an invader.
Street Zero is an invader. An investor
and trader.
Uh I try not go beyond 10% with my
trading.
Yes. Smart. Fun fact, there is there was
a study done and the portfolios that
gained the most were the portfolios of
people that died.
But then also the benefit for you is
limited
because you can't take the dollars to
heaven or wherever you're going. Okay.
Thought I'm the last one. would be a
nice shareholder meeting. Yeah, that's
Tesla.
Um,
hi Joe Minu. Minio, hi Mino. Andrea
Ziggmund, can't listen to your video
anymore. You are always wronger than
wrong. That is We will see about that.
So far, I am not. Remember
remember last week on Wednesday before
the Tesla earning score where I said ooh
ooh ooh I'm lightening up on my
position. I don't like the setup. H
you're always wronger than wrong. Like
last Wednesday when I sold out of Tesla
I'm always wronger than wrong when I
said Iran is not going to escalate
further or I would be very surprised.
Did me think about that?
This is nothing. I learned my trading
philosophy from my grandfather who lived
through the Great Depression. He went
through something bullish as fuk. He had
a safe in his floor full of gold coins.
Wow, that's a rich granddad.
Um,
sound is low. Not again. How sound low?
I fixed everything. It can't be low. Oh
no. How is the sound lower? I don't
believe you because we literally fixed
it yesterday.
Don't say the sound is low again.
Here I can look at my sure microphone
setting.
What is that?
It can't be low. Don't tell me it's low.
Uh, the world ended 30 times already.
That's true.
Farms wouldn't be a bad investment. They
retain value well. Canned foods, on the
other hand, are still a depreciating
asset, even if slowly. But I agree with
his sentiment.
Yes.
Ragna says, "I've heard this paradox."
Paradoxon is known with cyclic stocks
like Micron. The traders buy when the PE
rationally
rational high and sell when the PA ratio
is low because they know the cycle is at
its peak. Yeah. And that's not even a
dumb idea if the cycle is reliable. But
this cycle is definitely different. Even
if it's true, it's shifted.
Smart
AI money says, "Yes, Andreas is wrong."
Yes, he is extremely wrong. I just
listened to Joe on my way to work saved
me a ton at Tesla earnings.
Yes, your valuation for CXMT was made
funny. Cattle makes nearly half the
batteries in all the world and supplies
most of Tesla batteries.
Yes. What does it have to do with CXMT?
I think this pullback is the only sane
thing the market has done in the last
couple of years. I thought this spy was
overvalued when it went above.
Oh, we have Johannes. That's a nice
name.
Johannes. Someone has my name.
There's to to be a little rotation. the
market is going to start having micron
PE ratios in complex numbers. Yes,
Joe. One of the key differences is that
the market almost never wants the
obvious to pay off cleanly in the short
term. It tends to move in the opposite
direction first, especially in options
heavy names. True.
Kristoff Machetto
Maketto, I love love your work. Hi Joe,
love your work. Thank you.
I appreciate it.
Uh feet is frozen.
Do you think Trump will taco and do you
think this his right hand man will turn
on him like they did Maggie Thatcher and
so many other in politics? It's a
complicated situation. We don't know
something is wrong with this whole Trump
situation because he's damaging himself
in a pretty dramatic way. At the same
time, I think there is a very
significant forcing function against
escalating the war on the economic side,
on the political side, on the weapons
side, on the military side. But there
are definitely forces that push him
extremely hard in some form of into some
form of escalation. We just have to
understand if this gets escalated, it
would be absolutely devastating for the
United States and for Iran too probably,
but they don't they care much less.
So I think it's just it would be
complete insanity and normally insanity
an insanity like this doesn't easily
happen.
So that's why I put a 70% chance on not
on this thing not escalating. And if
they keep bombing something, that's not
escalation. Escalation means actual war.
Tesla needs to drop the Roadster to get
some hype back into the stock. Uh no,
they can't just single-handedly hype up
the stock. If the entire market is in a
depression, I think Tesla shouldn't do
anything right now, to be honest. They
can't do anything. Tesla should just
keep doing what they're doing and this
whole tantrum will, you know, go away at
some point because it's not Tesla that
is negative here. It's the entire
freaking market. Look at this. Look at
this chart.
Okay, Tesla is a momentum stock.
So, highlights how undervalued it looks.
Tesla's in a different situation. It
hasn't really moved much for years
despite substantial progress and the
enormous optionality in robotics
anywhere. Yes,
fed old Black Panther. Hi Joe, you were
not so right lady, right? I don't know
what you're talking about. I was wrong
on Micron today. That is true. But let's
see how the week ends. If Micron ends up
um if Micron ends up under
850 for the week, I lost money on
Micron. Yes. I mean, it's not going to
kill. It depends where it ends up, but
uh
if Micron ends the week over 850, I was
right on Tesla and on Micron. So, I
don't know exactly what you guys are
talking. You are a little bit in your
bubble. I say things spot on. I'm very
proud of myself. Actually, that Tesla
call was pretty good.
Micron call so far looks bad, but let's
wait.
The short-term market dynamics simply
aren't the same. Yes,
here joining train toy train from Tesla
pot to Tesla pot. Where are you? Brew
Bruther. Wait, who's heavy driver?
Train toy train.
Who's heavy driver?
Uh, oh no,
Trump. Just another Zionist puppet. Oh,
you're not going to talk about this kind
of stuff. Then everyone goes nuts. Uh,
in looking back, this will be the dip
everyone has been waiting for but are
now afraid to buy. Austin for. Yeah, if
you're systematic about buying this
stuff, this is a good time to buy. As
long as you're mentally prepared that it
drops a little bit more. Some nice ice
cream sounds fabulous. Oh, it's too
late. I can't buy more ice cream right
now. Never made an ice cream I didn't
like. There you have it.
Your thoughts on France rejecting FSC?
It doesn't matter. It's France. France
rejects everything. So, it's fine.
Everything except mass migration.
Uh
here,
France invented hairy legs on women. No
one cares about their opinion. Exactly.
I'm Everyone is mean to the French
because the French are mean to everyone.
So that's fine.
Uh Mark says, "Sanctions always win.
Nuclear proliferation led to one country
in Middle East getting nukes.
Wolf amendment led to Chinese space
station.
ASML made lose 40% of their business
already 25% loss.
Joe when when you going to lose all your
hair? I don't know. I hope I mean so far
it's fine. I don't want to lose my hair.
Herbert has a lot of bald gurus.
Do I need to be bald bald for being a
guru? I hope not.
Do you think starting September we can
expect rally back again up to December?
I mean Kristoff
Marquetto we have to be very cautious
with these predictions right now. The
market is insane. But I I really think
uh I really think
you know given the fear and panic and
sell off and everything here in the
momentum stocks
against all you know common sense
and I'm looking at micron as an
indicator like how bad can this actually
get? I mean it can always get worse but
there is exponential resistance the more
this falls.
Uh my Tesla cost is currently 387. I'm
all smiles. I I think that's totally
fine.
Audio is perfect. Very good. Oh we have
so many comments. What's going on today?
Tesla Autonomy UK is back. Love your
hard work Joe. Keep it up. Ignore the
muppets. Sound is good by the way. Thank
you. The most the most important
encouragement I need from you guys is
that the sound is good because people
always make me nervous. I say I can't
hear you.
Uh Joe, this big drop is what I was
thinking of when I was messaging you on
your live stream when Tesla was about
425 just to be cautious and deploy when
a big opportunity presents.
Yes,
it's Michael Bur's fault. I don't know.
Michael Bur is nearly always wrong. He
just happened to be right this time. So,
Ken Clifton says, "Hi Joel, I love your
information. It's not easy being a
long-term investor in Tesla, Nvidia, and
Palenteer." That is true. Sound is fine.
Very good.
Uh,
very funny. So, this is the situation
for today. Um,
what else do we have? Should we look at
some? So, we know Micron got
slaughtered. We know AMD got completely
destroyed for also completely no reason.
Uh we know that actually uh the cryptos
got very killed in the beginning and
then totally recovered which is very
interesting.
Um
we see what else did we see?
Palanteer is down a lot. Not surprising
actually. I this is not a good watch
list here. This not very complete. I
never used this watch list.
So yeah, this is going on and Google is
nicely recovering of course because
these drops, we also have to understand
these drops are so stupid.
They're so phony and stupid that I can't
even put it into words. And this is
exactly what happens if you like look at
this. Look at five days Google. That's
exactly what I'm saying. If you drop
super stocks like Google after great
earnings like a stupid person, they're
just going to rally back. So it's kind
of an easy play and even if they just
bottom a little bit. So that's what we
have to wait for tomorrow. If Meta
drops, I'm sure Meta will have amazing
earnings and it's probably going to drop
because of capex. This these are easy
buys and if you're if I'm wrong and it
doesn't bounce back right away, you just
keep hold it for three months and make
money. So
um Amazon reporting Thursday. Exactly.
Those saying they will buy when the
price drops to some amount never do due
to fear.
Many of these are these people are
spreading FUD and negative sentiment by
making traders imagine lower prices.
Yeah, exactly. You have to sell some
puts and enjoy the ride. 10 years from
now, no one will remember today. Yes,
just be cautious how many puts. Do you
speak on the robo taxi rollout opacity
as a very important strategic move by
Tesla to avoid any kinds of attacks or
their roll out by not telegraphing their
moves? I ignore the doomsayers. You go
on record all the time. Microsoft and
Amazon reporting Wednesday and Thursday.
Yes.
Exactly.
Street Cred Zero says, "I'm a Palanteer
bull, but I've been making dollars by
selling and sniping Palenteer calls." H
I mean bold move street KZ I mean it
works when it goes down it doesn't work
when it goes up
is this
no
um
Google has 10 year track record on their
TPUs for a compute they will be fine as
will rent the V2 from 2017 it doesn't
even matter Google is just killing it
and now they're buying more TPUs and
Nvidas So, there's no problem. It's just
amazing.
Okay, guys. Let's wrap it up. I have to
do one more workout before I go to
sleep.
Uh, but let's see what tomorrow brings.
It's going to be wild as always. This
market is totally nuts.
These drops are rational. That's a very
good
That's a very good final comment. Amul
de Pari, are you French? Do you know why
they rejected the France rejected FSD?
Um,
we will see what happens tomorrow.
I'm half relaxed because I'm not even
really trading.
But it starts very soon and in this
market I will be very very
aware of risks because I don't want to
lose. So
let's see how it all goes. I hope you
guys enjoyed this and I see you tomorrow
for a wild and important day in the
market.
So see you then. Thank you so much and
enjoy the wild ride into the age of AGI.