Channel:     futureaza
Title:       Nissan Alone LOVES the new Ferrari Design - Plus a TON of news
URL:         https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KElR1Lht1EU
Published:   2026-05-29 14:50 UTC
Fetched:     2026-05-30 08:00 UTC

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

What's up everyone? This is the Tesla
Beat podcast number 147. Sorry we missed
you all last week. Uh long holiday
weekend and had some birthday
celebrations so we were not able to make
it. Uh but we are we are back. Um just a
quick announcement. We next week we will
not be um doing a podcast because two
events going global uh the test to take
over Europe uh which is happening in
Flakout Austria. So if you are watching
across the pond, please join us. Again,
this is kind of your your opportunity to
kind of come to an XT takeover type
event run by the Tesla owners of
Austria. So go to tesla takeover.eu.
Um, they've announced a cyber cab will
be there. So, if you haven't seen one in
person, you definitely want to make sure
you get there. And, um, Brian, what's
going on in Moskegan, man? Rumor has it,
a summer meetup. This is our, I don't
know, sixth year doing it. My fifth
year, uh, something like that. This is a
big event for the Midwest. It's going to
be great. We've got, you know, speakers
uh, plenty, myself included, Jordan
Gizigy, and others will be there. We've
got, uh, vendor booths. We've got test
drives for Rivian and Tesla. It's going
to be a whole lot of fun. And rumor has
it we might even have an R2 there. Uh
though uh we might not find out until
the last minute. Tickets are still
available for both of these events. The
Flack1 is great. They've got vendors.
They've got food. They've got all kinds
of fantastic speakers. Joe Tagmire,
Sandy Monroe will be there. Even John
will be there. Can't miss it. And for if
you haven't seen the cyber cab in
person, you need to because it'll answer
a whole lot of your questions. Why I
can't get in that door. I promise you,
you can. You'll understand when you see
it. Come out to one of these two amazing
events. Uh this one is at teslamman.org
and theirs is at uh xtakeover.eu, I
think you said, John. Yes, tesla.eu.
But, uh, Joe, um, you know, sometimes
people have to pay crazy bills to look
as good as you, but tell us what what's
making you look good today, man.
&gt;&gt; Oh,
dude. [laughter]
Smokey. Smokey. Smokey made me look
good.
&gt;&gt; So, that and then also too, man, you
just, you know, the the imagery, bro.
Tell me about the imagery is what's
making you look so good today, dude.
&gt;&gt; Oh. Oh, you like that? You like that?
&gt;&gt; I do. You should get you one of these
&gt;&gt; Insta 360. So, uh it's a Link 2C. Uh I
know I will be bringing mine in case I
got to jump on something. I know Brian
will be carrying his handy dandy one.
It's the Link 2C Pro. Um it really uh
really brings the quality of um of just
you know um live streaming everything up
to speed.
&gt;&gt; So easy to use.
&gt;&gt; So easy to use. Super lightweight. So
quick shout out to them. But let's jump
into it. SpaceX, uh, if you didn't know,
the new ticker for when they go public,
I believe it's June 12th, will be SPCX.
So, check that out. Look out for that.
All right, just getting into this. Uh,
again, I know we didn't meet last week,
but if we did, the stock is uh still up
about 2%. It is down from like
yesterday. I think it got up to what,
442, maybe a little bit higher. Uh but
it's definitely been uh doing well. I
don't I have not been tracking all of
the other stocks, so I don't know if
everything is doing well in the market
right now. Um but either way, uh Tesla
stock is up 2% in the past five days.
All right. Uh Joe, you could kick this
off and then I would love to kind of
give like an inerson, you know,
experience um rundown as well.
Yeah, we uh we bid farewell to the Model
S and X. End of an era as a Model S
owner. I loved it. 2013 Model S. It was
awesome. But uh
Lars and I mean the the crew were there.
You were there. It's pretty awesome. I
know uh MDR also has someh takes on
this, but go ahead, John. What What was
it like boots on the ground?
&gt;&gt; Well, MDR, did you want to hit it real
quick?
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Well, I I I loved following it. I
I watched your your video, the walk
around of the car. You know, it truly is
an end of an era. It's how a lot of us
first got into Tesla. You know, my my
first car was a 2013 P85 Plus and still
one of my favorite cars I've ever owned.
It was just just phenomenal. I remember
driving it out of the showroom in in
South Seattle, you know, from the
building. And back then, you barely saw
any Teslas. You know, we I think we have
a slide later about how Tesla's the most
popular brand here in Washington State.
But back then, people would stop you at
traffic lights. I had people like
running out of their cars to come ask me
about it. Um, you know, I remember when
I took it home, my next door neighbor
who's an engineer at Boeing, you know,
he's asking me about the electric motor
and everything and asked how often you
have to change the oil and like he's an
engineer and couldn't believe, you know,
there's no essentially no maintenance on
the car. So, you know, the the car it it
did what it was supposed to do. It it
made electric vehicles um affordable, at
least in the, you know, in the luxury um
segment. It allow it paved the way for
things like the Model 3 and the Model Y.
And I I thought it was a very
appropriate sendoff. And I think it's
probably the last we'll see of of a
Model S, but I definitely expect a Model
X replacement later this year. And and
the Roadster, of course, will take the
place of the flagship vehicle.
Yeah. Uh what a way to send it off. And
I felt like so the event itself like my
my personal opinion the event itself um
you know I think there was kind of like
two levels of access. It was like you
know people who are just getting the
card getting the car and they kind of
had more of like the regular entrance
experience. You drop in I think it was
like you start lining up around 3:30 3
o'clock. you they open the doors at 4
and you go in and you like walk through
the factory um to Optimus, you know, um
handing out water. Um there was, you
know, swag and then there was like a
cafe experience. Um and then they had
the last Model S obviously that they
built with all the signatures from the
employees and and then they had the
stage with, you know, the end of the
line for the S and X and the last ones
that were they were going to display. I
think they gave out 10 six six to 10 of
them um at least you know in the the
actual event. So the event itself like
it was pretty it felt pretty small but
then there was an experience I think for
some of the other creators like uh Ride
the Lightning um Techie Danny um Kim
Java Everyday Tesla. It definitely seems
like, you know, it's been like four or
five, you know, creators that have, um,
it wasn't like a huge crowd. So, it was
definitely a smaller event. Um, but that
was pretty much the event itself. So, I
think it was it was perfect for people
who were coming to this event to kind of
geek out, who were big supporters from
the very beginning, who understand, who
who uh appreciate obviously the car
itself. So because and the and the main
reason why is because Rushi Lars Fron
and Elon got up and that's the main
reason why obviously they pushed out
this event. I know a lot of people were
frustrated and I totally get it. But
sometimes when the president calls and
it wasn't just Elon who went, all of the
major tech CEOs went and I know Elon
wanted to be there because there was
people who got the cars where they
showed the before and after like you
know here's their original Model S uh 14
years ago and then here they are today.
You can just see them and some of them
you know 14 years is a long time. So you
can see, you know, some people have
definitely grayed out a little bit just
because so much time has passed. But
what was really cool about it in my
opinion was just they were having a
conversation reminiscing on the history
of this car talking about how you know
they all wanted to make a car that they
would love to have in their garage and
um you know and they literally built
this thing in the back of a SpaceX
factory. You know obviously Elon
recruited both Fron and Lars um Lars
came from Honda. Um, Fron came from
Mazda. And so it was just like it was a
really cool exp I think that was the
whole that was what was special about
the event was that conversation. Um, and
and seeing, you know, the owners who got
the car, the the the before and the
after. Um, and then I did a walk around
the day after. Um, I met one of the the
people who got 200 one of the 250 Model
S's and um and it was like if you've
seen a Plaid um you know you you have
the core of it but you know again it was
just special things like the badging on
the front and the back you know the
signature throughout the signature name
throughout like the door seal kind of
like in the same area on the passenger
side that um and just like again the
signature name around um you know,
several different spots. Obviously, the
opening screen is special as well with
the signature. The gold uh the gold
plaid badging on the back. Um the
stitching inside was gold. Um and then
you had the Alcantara. So, there's just
like a lot of really cool specialties. I
think I personally thought they did a
really good uh job with the subtleties
to really send this vehicle off because
if it wasn't for the S and X um you know
we wouldn't have electric vehicles on
being mass-produced today in my opinion
they really made something that was so
far ahead and it's kind of like now
right where with the Y and again you
consider some of these other EV brands
and some you know when you experience
full self-driving like getting a Tesla
versus everything else is that big of a
leap. forward from and and that's just
my opinion, but that's how the Model S
was and it was probably 10x that because
it was just that that much better of a
car than anything else. So, if you were
at that price point and you could afford
it, you know, people were were making
moves to get those things. So, um I just
thought and I think, you know, again, it
got motor trend of the year where it was
like the best vehicle I think ever,
which is like kind of unheard of. Um, so
there was a lot of things like that, but
that, you know, what was what made the
event special wasn't
um, you know, all of the crazy things
they had going on because that, you
know, it just kind of felt like a little
bit like um, normal as far as like, you
know, what they would typically have
like it's like what I would see at the
diner kind of to be honest. But what
made it really special was just that
conversation with the four of them and
them reminiscing about the event. Um, so
that that was my thought on that.
&gt;&gt; That paint looked uh pretty cool for
people who who made Yeah, that that
looked pretty amazing. But I mean, uh,
Matthew knows this, but the Model S
paint job, I don't even I think until
they barely got some of these new
paints, it didn't really eclipse that
that paint job. My the brown I had was
like so deep and rich in in color, like
people used to always be like, "Man, you
wax this?" I'm like, "No, I just wash it
every every week." And and it was it
really had a really deep nice paint job
and the clear coat and everything was
really really nice on it. So, and I I
don't think the Model 3s and and and
Model Y's have even reached that until,
like I said, more recently with the
current paint colors and stuff, but it
but that red looked really awesome.
&gt;&gt; I'm disappointed they didn't bring back
the, you know, the classic panel gaps. I
I was just sure we'd get to see those in
the going away edition, but I guess uh I
guess they decided to go a different
direction.
[gasps]
&gt;&gt; They can't all be winners.
&gt;&gt; They can't all be winners. Matthew, you
want to say something?
&gt;&gt; Yeah. No, I definitely the the early
Model S's had some incredible paint. You
know, the the signature red, even the
pearl white, I think, was more pearly
than the the current version. And then
for a while they they discontinued it,
but there was like an onyx black color
which is different than the metallic
black. And uh it was it was incredible.
My so my first couple of Model S's were
black,
&gt;&gt; the onyx black. And yeah, I was
constantly,
&gt;&gt; you know, washing them and ceramic
coating them, making them sparkle. And
uh yeah, definitely miss that color as
well.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. No, they uh they did a really good
job, especially with the the garnet red,
right? For some reason, I I I think
walking in I thought it was the
signature signature red, but you started
to see the differences because they did
have um you know, an original. They had
a whole I didn't get to see it, but they
had a whole section of just you know,
the history of the Model S as far as
like the actual vehicles, so you could
see it over the years.
Um and you know, it it really is um you
know, those colors, that signature red,
they they really did a really good job
with it.
All right, FSD is for everyone. Um, FSD
supervised is now available obviously in
all of Well, this is crazy. Yeah, it's
just all of North America, Puerto Rico,
China, Australia, New Zealand, South
Korea, Netherlands, and Lithuania. I
mean,
&gt;&gt; well, they added three more countries.
&gt;&gt; There was three more added uh yesterday,
I think.
&gt;&gt; Really?
&gt;&gt; Uh, do do you remember what regions
Uh,
&gt;&gt; all good if you don't.
&gt;&gt; I don't know. Yeah, I don't remember.
&gt;&gt; But yeah, just uh just wild to to see,
you know, this is continuing to expand.
I didn't actually, for some reason, I
don't know why I didn't know about
Mexico, but um, you know, either way,
all of North America now has it, um,
including Puerto Rico. Um, so really
cool to see the them expand. I'm really
excited again for Europe. Like for me,
I'm glad two of the two of the countries
have done it now. Um it's just going to
be a matter I feel like over the next
year you'll you'll see all of Europe um
really roll out. But um having the
Netherlands again watching Keith and
Peter and some of the other guys out
there Netherlands has especially
Amsterdam that is one of the most
complex areas to drive in. You have
bikers, you have you know small small
roads. I mean that's like as Europe as
it gets. And so, you know, if they're
able to tackle and handle those, you
know, that that downtown location, which
it has been from the videos I've seen,
you know, they're really set up well to
expand to the rest of of Europe.
&gt;&gt; Uh I think the next slide is uh for
Matthew because he experienced something
that was pretty cool for the new FSD.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Yeah. This happened I I posted the
video uh yesterday, but it's it's from
about two weeks ago. I was uh you know,
I live in Kirkland, Washington. And I
was leaving Costco uh heading home and
there's this giant intersection that
they're doing like a $90 million um kind
of remodel getting on the 405 freeway
and uh there was a temporary on-ramp and
the on-ramp that temporary on-ramp
finally closed after being open for
months and months and months and the
permanent on-ramp had opened and I I had
no idea it had opened. There was no
signage yet. It was not on the map. Um,
the Tesla drove by what was the previous
temporary on-ramp and that was blocked
off and it just kept going and it was
showing me on the map. It was going to
kind of take a loop around and and pull
a U-turn to get to get on the freeway on
the other side, but it noticed the new
on-ramp. Again, no signage and just took
the on-ramp. And, you know, at first I
was like, "Wait, where are we going?"
And then I realized we were on the right
road. So, the car understood the correct
place to go before I did on a brand new
road. It was the first day it was open
with no signage. And you know in the
video you can see I'm showing the map of
the car. The Tesla thinks the Tesla map
is showing an incorrect navigation and
FSD is taking the correct navigation. So
I was totally blown away. You know, it's
it's not often that FSD surprises me
anymore, but that was one of those one
of those cases that it surprised me. And
then a little bit later on in the drive,
you know, there was a road uh towards my
house that was closed. And this one was
not surprising at all, but FSD just, you
know, responded to the flagger, stopped,
waited for the cars to go, then pulled
into the opposite oncoming lane of
traffic as the flagger had recommended
and drove around the construction site.
And it it really makes me think of, you
know, car journalists, you know, people
like Doug Demiro who say things like,
"Oh, you know, Tesla has, you know, this
these autonomous features, but every car
has that, you know, he he he he's
refused to ever review FSD." Um, every
time he reviews a Tesla, he never
actually uses FSD. Um, and it's like I
would I would pay any amount of money to
see any other car be able to handle a
situation like these two. There's
there's not a car in the country other
than Tesla that can do it. And it's it's
wild that more people don't know about
it.
&gt;&gt; Well, you not only would you and I pay
to see other car companies do it, those
car companies would pay any amount of
money to do it. They just won't pay it
to Tesla for some reason, which is okay,
fine. Good for you. The thing I've seen
a lot and this goes to what Matthew was
saying is a lot I've met people who say,
"Oh, I had to disengage because and then
they'll describe the scenario you well
it came up to a new thing and I didn't
know what it was going to do so I
disengaged." You didn't have to. You can
ride it out. It might take it a little
bit longer than you would. Uh but it can
do a lot of things. So, a lot of the
disengagements I see from civilians, I
don't know what you call them, casuals,
is uh comfort related. I have a
situation in my town where periodically
it just forgets where the entrance to
the supermarket is and tries to go on a
to an entrance that you can't get to
from this direction. Uh, so we loop
around the back of the building and then
it does a weird zigzag over by the
bowling alley and I'm like, "Well, we'll
get there eventually." And the reality
is if I wasn't in the car, I wouldn't
even know it's doing this. And if it was
a taxi, I'd just look at it and go,
"Well, this driver's uh not super
comfortable around here." I guess
wouldn't affect me in the slightest. So,
I think we hold our personal chauffeur
to a standard that's unnecessarily high.
And a lot of we just watched David Moss
and the team uh cross Canada just like
they did in the US, just like others
have done in the US on FSD. The car can
do a lot of things. Uh sometimes you
just have to let it.
Just let it is the lesson. Yeah, it's,
you know, um I think again probably the
biggest issues that I have with FSD 143,
um is is mainly sometimes I don't like
the route that it's selected and
sometimes I won't get and that's
probably what I'm like disengaging and
then once I make the turn for the
direction I want to go, I'll re-engage
it. Uh, but when it comes to testing out
new routes and you know it's going and
doing something that you're not
expecting, let it run. Like see what
happens. Um, like there was another
scenario the other day where I just my
car starts to like pull over to the
side. I had no idea that an emergency
vehicle was coming and so I just
disengaged cuz like what what is going
on? And then within a second it's like
and I'm like you know so sometimes it's
it's able to see and do things and know
things that you you know don't even know
that are happening like with Matthew's
case where you know this road had opened
up and and it probably didn't even know
it just went down the uh the route and
uh was able to navigate because it was
intuitive in front of it right um but
yeah just it's always better to let it
let it run its course um obviously
disengage if it's, you know, a safety
issue, but, you know, if you have the
time, let it let it run its course.
All right, Joe.
Yeah, this is [laughter]
all the haters. Uh, yeah, they're coming
around. Apparently, uh, Dan Odow's
account was hacked. No, it really
wasn't. But uh he he had a really nice
thing to say which is random for him
about FSD which was pretty cool. And
then uh our very own MDR had reposted
the uh Doug Demiro and Jason Kamisa
intro. That was pretty hilarious with
Doug Deo. [laughter]
But yeah, this is uh it's it was pretty
cool to see people actually come around
and realize that it's not the end of the
world. There is a space for these
things. Just like the people still have
horses even though there's cars that
exist today. It's like calm down. You'll
be fine.
&gt;&gt; Oh, MDR, were you into something?
&gt;&gt; Oh, yeah. No, it's it it was an
interesting, you know, video from from
Doug and and Jason. Uh, you know, Jason
saying, "Hey, the Cybertruck's the best
best vehicle ever ever created." and
there wasn't really any caveat around
that and he's probably probably right.
So, uh I'm really excited for this this
new, you know, standard Cybert truck to
come out. We see those pouring out of
the factory. I think it's going to
really increase the visibility, you
know, of the vehicle. Um and then Doug
at the end of the video saying he
recommends everyone go go electric. You
know, it is it's he says it's the best
uh mode of propulsion for 99% of people
and 99% of trips, which is which is
true. And it's kind of like, you know,
gas cars of the future, they'll kind of
be like a a fancy watch. You know, you
might you might have a PC or Rolex or
something. And, you know, those are
incredible mechanical machines and
they're there for beauty uh and for art,
but they're not there for telling the
most accurate time. It's going to be the
same thing with with, you know, ICE
vehicles and EVs.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. My thought is that, you know, once
you can get past the look, it's more
importantly just go drive the car. Uh,
drive the Cybertruck and you'll like it
really is unmatched. I mean, my I I love
my wife's X, but I will drive my
Cybertruck 10 out of 10 times over that
because just the experience is so much
better still. Um, and I know even Joe,
uh, you know, his wife has a Juniper
launch edition and yeah, it's just it's
a better experience. um you know, from
the way it turns to the ease of use,
even the functionality, there's a lot of
really cool things. Uh but with that
said, it's it's something you just got
to go experience. Don't take our word
for it. Um but yeah, it's it's kind of
crazy. It's like I don't know if we're
passing a certain threshold of just like
acceptance
for some of these things, but it
definitely feels like um
the tides have turned a little bit. Um
which is surprising. [laughter] We've
been
&gt;&gt; Whenever Whenever the stock is up,
people tend to people tend to relax a
little bit.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, [clears throat] exactly.
&gt;&gt; All right. Um Joe, this one's to you,
man.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, I thought this was pretty cool.
They had a uh
uh Hallmars had had uh mentioned this
like there was this thing that went out
like manually o override the remote
start for the driverless vehicles. It's
in the app. So, it's pretty cool. And
but then um you see the robo taxi
without a steering wheel, mind you, uh
coming out of the cyber cab is coming
out of the uh Giga Texas factory and and
I got Gregor truck here because they
showed up in Arizona.
It's like what? So they're everywhere.
And I mean you could see like on some of
Joe Tetm's videos. I mean they are
planning a huge release. Regulators be
damned I guess.
Yeah, it's um and then I don't know if
it was AI, but did you guys see a photo
of uh the cyber cab in black mat? Was
that real?
&gt;&gt; It was AI.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, I I figured it was. I figured it
was. All right. So,
&gt;&gt; um so I think the biggest news of the
week, obviously, we're going to get to
um one of the other things. So, but is
is obviously the loose, right? So, I'll
let Brian I'll let you handle this one,
man. Well, first of all, what a striking
thing of beauty. Uh, and I get it. I've
been calling it the Lucy Goosey.
Apparently, it's pronounced Luche Gu. I
don't know. It's fine. But, uh, Nissan
sees the moment, said, "Wow, y'all made
a $600,000 bar of soap. Uh, we sell
those for 30." I showed the vehicle to
my kids. They said, "I you know what?
Honestly, I don't hate it." I go, "Guess
who makes it?" like some Chinese
company's a $30,000 car. I go, "Nah,
it's a Ferrari." Oh, I hate it. At that
price, with those specs, it ain't going
to sell. And I think that's the
objective. They don't want to sell it.
It's got more horsepower than a Plaid,
but can't get it to the ground. It's got
a bigger battery than the Cybert truck
and less range. Who is this for? People
with more money than taste, certainly.
But, uh, I don't think this car is for
anyone. I think it's designed to not be
sold. I think it's designed to say,
"Look, we tried to offer an electric
Ferrari. Nobody wanted it." Well, right.
Because that is a hot wet poop emoji. I
don't know what to tell you. Maybe that
design would have been more popular. But
Nissan recognized, "Hey, man, we make a
$30,000 car. We would actually sell
this, just not for that price. The flat,
we're flattered. Thank you so much uh
Ferrari, but we'll keep doing what we
do.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. No, it's uh Yeah, I think I think
you hit it. I think you hit it like
right the nail on the head. Like like I
don't think they really plan to sell
them. I think it's like just so they can
say like, "Hey, you saw that we tried.
&gt;&gt; People didn't want it. [laughter]
&gt;&gt; They'll sell they'll sell some in China
and maybe the Middle East, but you know,
Ferrari Ferrari buyers certainly don't
want it, right? they want. When you sit
in that car, it's going to feel
incredible. The materials are going to
be better than any other car you you sit
in. I'm sure the, you know, the user
experience, you know, no one's used it,
done a really a full review yet, but I'm
sure it's actually pretty decent. But,
you know, if you're dropping $600,000 on
a car, it's because you want people to
see you driving it and be impressed with
you and your accomplishments. And that's
not what this car, [laughter] you know,
this car is not that. Well, what they
did, they actually there are two drives
of it out there. And what they did is
they didn't give it to influencers. They
didn't give it to analysts. They gave it
to their own F1 team, their own Ferrari
drivers on the track.
&gt;&gt; Guys, they paid
&gt;&gt; the guys that they already pay. They're
they're going to say what we want. And
they had fun with it. They're like,
"This is a fun car." And I believe you.
I believe it's a fun car, [snorts] but
uh that doesn't mean anybody's going to
buy it. Again,
&gt;&gt; if you're if you're a F1 driver making,
you know, 30, 40, 50 million a year, uh,
you know, that's a great car. That's a
much easier car to jump in and drive to
the supermarket back than your, you
know, your F40 that you take out once a
year, but it's not the kind of car that,
you know, your your average Ferrari
owner probably owns like three or four
or five cars.
&gt;&gt; This isn't this isn't the vehicle that
they're going to buy as the grocery
getter. you know, they'd rather a
Porsche Tacon or a Model X or something
like that. So,
&gt;&gt; right.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; Check no boxes.
&gt;&gt; The whole point of building an EV for
Ferrari so they could continue to sell
their their IC vehicles in Europe. And
if this doesn't sell in Europe, it
really doesn't accomplish that. So, you
know, I think they should have, you
know, gone the Lamborghini route where
they make the the Urus the Urus is 75%
of all Lamborghini sales. I don't know
if you've sat in a modern Lamborghini
and a modern Ferrari, but the Ferrari is
much better fit and finish, much better
you, you know, much more luxurious of a
vehicle. And, you know, I if I was
Ferrari, I would have just made a luxury
electric SUV and a car that doesn't need
to have the best performance, a car that
doesn't need to be this the sexiest car
you've seen in months. Uh, so I think
it's it's not going to sell and I
imagine within three years they'll stop
selling it. Well, you look at
&gt;&gt; three years.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Well, that's how long it'll take
to make 20 of them. If you look at the
luche and you say, "What is a Ferrari?"
It's just like the mache all over again.
A Mustang doesn't have four doors.
That's crazy. It's a four, five door
vehicle uh when I'm expecting two doors.
And GM has said the same thing. Ford has
said the same thing. Look, we tried. But
customers don't want EVs. No, my friend.
They don't want the EVs that you're
making at the price at which you're
trying to sell them. And I get it. I
don't want an $80,000 wagon earer or uh
Cadillac. It It's not
&gt;&gt; It's not right for me.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. I thought like I I I mean I think
I I really like Matthew, you brought up
the um a great example of the Urus
Lamborghini. It's what 75 80% of their
sales. I I thought that like I don't
really know what they were trying to
accomplish. Sure, when you drive a
Ferrari, you definitely are sending
signal, but this was not even one that
people in my opinion, I don't care how
much money you have, driving this is not
sending signal. It is ugly. It literally
looks like a Charger and a Prius
combined. And sure, of course, this
thing is going to, you know, it's going
to be the best thing I ever sat in. Of
course, that's like kind of expected,
but Ferrari and a lot of these uh luxury
companies are known for making really
nice aesthetic uh you know looking cars.
And I just thought this is this felt
like literally as as Brian said, a
$30,000 BYD car. Um it also looks like
it has lidar on it too. I mean just the
way it literally like looks. So, just my
thought is that I thought that they they
dropped the ball here. Um, I think they
could have done something that was even
if it was 250,000 that would have
brought a lot more sales. Um, but if
they just changed the design a a lot.
Um, you know, they they could move a lot
of these. Um, but at 650,000, I mean,
that's more expensive than even the
entry level stuff that you have.
&gt;&gt; Um, you get an SF90 for 500 550. No
one's No one's choosing that over an
SF90, right?
&gt;&gt; You know what's wild to me is is that
they had to go through an a design
iteration process and this was the
approved one.
&gt;&gt; Like [laughter]
this is what they came to and said,
"Yeah, yeah, go. We'll go with that
one."
&gt;&gt; Like that,
&gt;&gt; holy cow.
&gt;&gt; Like I would love to get some Italians
perspective like you know where they
where they launched this thing in Rome.
Like what do people actually
legitimately think of this thing? Like
is this even I don't from [snorts] what
I know like when I went to Italy cars do
not look like this. They they this is
not even like an Italian thing. You know
what I mean? So I don't know what they
they they went to chi China copy paste
and brought it over to Italy or
something.
&gt;&gt; Designed by an Apple engineer.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. I don't know if you saw but they
actually brought it to to the Pope and
even he couldn't perform an exorcism.
It's that bad. [laughter]
&gt;&gt; [gasps]
&gt;&gt; Oh my gosh, dude. The jokes today. The
jokes today.
&gt;&gt; That the Pope really was like he was
just like sitting in it and he was like,
"Okay, okay." But [clears throat] yeah,
you could tell it was
&gt;&gt; I So, uh, the Cybertruck account posted
a first time video or first time meme.
I showed it to my my friend who who
owns, you know, a bunch of exotic cars
and is pretty anti-Tesla and he thought
it was hilarious [laughter] that post.
&gt;&gt; Yep. Design.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, it was I don't know. We'll we'll
see what happens.
&gt;&gt; But unlike the Cybertruck, like it
eventually people warmed up to it. I
don't think people are going to warm
[clears throat] up to the Luch though.
Like that just looks really bizarre.
It's just it's it's at a price point
that is, you know, again, the 1enters
probably. And then um not only that,
it's just an ugly design. So, you have
like two things that will just that
thing is just going to be a paper weight
in the, you know, Ferrari dealerships
&gt;&gt; there. There's literally no precedent
for it. Like we were saying before the
call, the the uh Batista is is electric.
The Pin and Firina Batista is electric
and it doesn't look anything like this.
Rhyac Nea has a has a a very nice $1.4
$4 million freaking vehicle that has
really great range and can it has a
little bit of a autopilot on it, but it
doesn't look anything like that.
[laughter]
So, yeah, I don't think the 1 percenters
are even going to go for I don't know.
It's going to be I bet they sell maybe
10 or 20
&gt;&gt; when you're making um unless you
literally want to buy something for your
family, right? But at that point, you're
probably buying the Rhyac and the the
Ferrari. But um uh kind of funny,
Landon, what what chance is there that
this prototype doesn't make it to
production? What would you guys say?
&gt;&gt; Oh, it's
&gt;&gt; I think I think it'll make it, but uh
what are we calling production? Is 50
units mass production? If you if your
answer is no, then the then because that
counts to someone, but they're not going
to move serious units. They'll produce
it even if it's just to put it in
showrooms and say, "Hey, you know what?
you shouldn't buy. Come on over. Let's
look at a real car instead.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, because the Macan is still the
Macan sells more than the than the GT2
RS 3 RS and 2 RS, you know what I mean?
Like this is like you need a bigger
vehicle and Lamborghini knew it with the
Urus. Like this is just proven like like
what Matthew was saying. But but yeah,
this was not the way to go. They could
have made something else.
&gt;&gt; Even if it was a great looking vehicle,
no one buys four-door sedans anymore.
you know, if they did, Tesla would be
making a new Model S. Like, it's just,
you know, the the TCON does not sell a
lot of units. That's why the Cayenne and
the and the um what the smaller Porsche
SUV, what's it called? The Macan, you
know, they they sell a ton of units.
&gt;&gt; Um yeah, it should have been an SUV. If
they're going to make a nonexotic
&gt;&gt; supercar, it needs to be an SUV because
that's what people buy. But I know I
think we've beaten this horse uh enough.
I I would just say in conclusion, the
reason you're right on that, Matthew, is
because uh when you're benchmarking
performance against your other vehicles,
you get to say, of course, it's not as
fast as the others. It's an SUV where if
you're trying to make it a car, it just
looks slow.
Just looks slow. That's probably the
best way to do it. That's the nicest way
to say it. All right. Cyber cab
maintenance. Uh, shout out to Marco. Uh,
Tesla is planning a new maintenance
facility for Cyber Cabs. Um, and Robo
Taxis in Irving, Texas, which is, uh, I
believe that's actually where the Dallas
Cowboy Stadium is in Irving. So, um,
it's essentially, if you don't know
Irving, it's outside of Dallas. Um, but
yeah, it's I think this is the second
one I've seen. I think I saw the, uh,
Las Vegas one, now this one. So, um, and
with that said, I believe it's the next
slide. Um, but yeah, this was probably
the biggest Tesla news that I've seen
all week. Um, shout out to Texas. Um,
one thing I will say, you know, as a
Tesla fan and obviously local here in
California, been really bummed that, you
know, Tesla left. But one one thing I'll
say is I do love how Texas is just
really allowing Tesla to spread its
wings and really fly. um and they've
been taking care of them, you know, very
well. I mean, you're just seeing it
across the board. And that's not showing
favoritism. It's just they're allowing
businesses to thrive, right? That's
that's as much as it sucks um here in
California. Love seeing these, you know,
companies being um the amount of
companies that start here and really
impact the world. But like, uh Tesla has
been authorized by the state of Texas to
operate driverless vehicles commercially
under the new law that took effect May
28th. Tesla has officially certified the
software running on its robo taxis as
level four. So, we are getting there. We
saw, you know, Elon drop a video
yesterday with the cyber cab leaving the
production line and just going out
without a steering wheel. Uh we are
seeing uh shout out to um um SE Robinson
Jr. Um he literally uh posts videos of
Houston the cyber cabs there. I've seen
them in Dallas. there's just they're
waiting and um you know I can't wait to
see you know the first unsupervised uh
robo taxis or cyber cabs go out and uh
it's going to be really cool and the the
the road is being prepped and in a lot
of ways has been has been made so it's
just a matter of when Tesla you know
will will roll it out.
A lot of the haters are already uh you
can see them getting to a little bit
they're through their seven stages of
grief. Denial has been the biggest one
to overcome. Uh but even uh in terms of
the Dan Odow uh hack he wasn't hacked of
course but even he was saying on the
hardware 4 we did the the school bus
test what a hundred times 50 times and
it passed every single time. Uh, there
are going to be a handful of people who
are still trying to move the goalposts.
May I suggest using a robo taxi to do
it. It'll save you time and money.
&gt;&gt; He's muted. What he's saying is that was
hilarious.
&gt;&gt; Way to go, Brian.
&gt;&gt; The fact that Dan Dad would comment. No,
I'm joking. Um, but yeah, it's it's
happening. This is, you know, we've
been, you know, it it's something like
back I saw this stuff in 2018 and again
I'm late to the to the show um amongst
you know some of the people here and you
know back in 2018 you know when I got
when I was able to actually afford a
Tesla which was you know the Model 3
um it really um it really just you know
showed me what the future would would
look like mass mass-roduced. Now I get
on the highway, I can't tell you. I'm
seeing even cyber trucks three to five a
day. Um, and not even always the same
ones, right? It's three to five a day.
It's it's becoming kind of normal. Um,
and then you're seeing like I'm actually
seeing even more Model Y junipers on the
road. Um, I'm seeing a lot I'm actually
surprised that the standard range uh,
you know, Model Y's I'm seeing a bunch
of those as well because they're they're
affordable and entry um, at a price
that's clearly making a difference. I
wasn't I thought that um I wasn't sure
how long that trim was going to be
around, but based on what I'm seeing, I
I think they're going to keep it around.
I think it's doing fairly well. Um so,
again, it's just, you know, the signals
here and it, you know, really rolls
through the the rest of the world, but
they're really doing a good job. Even in
my little town, Long View, I see Cyber
Trucks regularly. There are two or three
people in town who have them. There's
others I'll see just passing through.
Uh, it's [snorts] not an unusual site
anymore.
&gt;&gt; Not unusual at all. All right, Joe, tell
me about Norway, dude.
Yeah. So, it's pretty cool. The Y is
dominating Norway. And this is They
don't even have FSD.
Can you imagine once they get FSD how
this is going to be like rampant? Like,
it's pretty crazy. But anyway, the Model
Y has become the first EV to achieve
100,000 registrations in Norway. This
means that one in around 29 passenger
cars on a Norwegian roads is now a Tesla
Model Y. That's crazy. In just four
years.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, that's wild. And it's only going
to increase because like I said once FSD
comes with the way Europeans just love
to travel in their cars. I really think
it's just going to be there's going to
be a big gap. Now you've had these a lot
of these companies catch up like not
necessarily put out the same volume but
there's more options. People were like
ah why do I need to buy a Tesla? can go
buy a Mercedes does the same you know
lanekeeping thing in Europe or whatever
they've allowed it to do right and you
know that's one thing that kept Tesla
ahead for so long and then because of
the the regulation they could only go so
far and now you're seeing a lot of that
kind of um you're seeing it change
because FSD supervised V14 is rolling
out there so um it's like I said once
this becomes more mainstream in some of
these the bigger European countries it's
just um unless you literally don't want
to buy it because of Elon, which people
are out there um you know people will
will buy the best product because the
best product is greater than the brand,
right? Um as Elon even said the other
day.
All right, so we were just talking about
this uh behind the scenes. Um Starlink
is crushing it. Not completely test
related, but um you know, in a lot of
ways there's a lot of overlap. I mean
you see the Cyber Cabs with the Starlink
services. is we know that even if
there's a power outage, Tesla's vehicles
are able to stay connected and you know
because they're not Wi-Fi dependent. Um
but with that said, you know, you also
have that backup. So even if the cell
service did go out for whatever reason,
you have now satellites from the sky
literally providing um internet. But
[snorts] uh Sawyer put out United
Airlines expects uh Starlink at 80% of
its fleet. Southwest expects to have 300
plus of its airplanes uh by by the end
to have Starlink by the end of 2026. The
thing I'll say literally the only
company that has decided not major
company is Delta.
So, um it's it's one of those things
where people will start deciding with
their like for my opinion Delta doesn't
like it's different like with Alaska,
right? Alaska, you know, when you think
of like the West Coast, that's like one
of the the major airlines up and down
the West Coast. Delta is all over the
place, but I can choose whether it's
United, whether it's American.
And why am I going to fly Delta when I'm
going to get crappy experience? I'm
going to have to pay for it. uh when I
can fly, you know, with United,
American, Southwest and get a great
Wi-Fi experience.
Um and uh yeah, it's I don't know. It's
pretty cool.
&gt;&gt; So, I have perspective on Delta. Delta
is my go-to carrier. Has been for years.
Their internet on most flights is pretty
good, and it's not. It's usually free.
It's supposed to be free for Sky Miles
members, but if the plane is over a
certain size, they have to charge or
they'd run out of bandwidth. So, it's
been pretty good compared to Starlink on
United is the internet. That's all it
is. It is straight up. It is It is like
having fiber at home is what it feels
like. You can work, you can uh do
anything you would need to do. Stream,
it doesn't matter. Um, Delta announced
that this is a better this is a better
option because uh because we can
integrate our portal into it and brand
it the way we want to. Look guys, nobody
gives a darn it's the internet. Just
give us that. And they said, "Well,
yeah, it's a more competitive option.
They don't have the satellites. They
don't have the coverage." And
unfortunately, we saw that terrible
mishap from Blue Origin yesterday. And
even though we're Starlink people, we're
SpaceX fans and advocates, none of us
are cheering for those kinds of mishaps,
this will delay your constellation. You
can switch to having your satellites
delivered by SpaceX, but it's probably
going to take you 8 to 15 months to get
on the calendar. You've lost all that
time. So, it is, you know, a a real
misstep on Delta's part to go with
someone. I don't care if they were a
little bit cheaper. It doesn't exist
yet. It's not a product. Uh go with a
product that exists, that works, that's
effective. And Delta, when you were
talking about it about Alaska being a
West Coast carrier, that's so good for
uh getting your internet connection if
you're in a small region. Delta is
global there. Do you want internet over
the ocean or not? I'm on this plane for
15 hours. I'd love to be able to send a
message with uh without Starlink today.
It gets real tough to do that.
&gt;&gt; I hope you're happy, Delta. See what you
did. See what you did to Brian.
&gt;&gt; See what you did to me.
&gt;&gt; I know. He's gonna have to change his
loyalty rewards points.
All right, Matthew. I'm gonna pass this
because this is uh your hometown.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Yeah. Tesla's the most popular
vehicle in Seattle, the most over
represented compared to other brands and
the national averages. Um, not not a
surprise for us here locally. I mean,
you see Model Y everywhere everywhere
you go, especially in kind of the
suburbs like, you know, Belleview,
Kirkland, Redmond, the areas where
there's a lot of internationals. You
know, a lot of Seattle is very much an
international city. There's a lot of
people um moving here to work at
Microsoft and Amazon and and Meta and
the other big hiring companies here and
most of those immigrants are buying a a
safe, affordable, reliable vehicle and
the the Model Y is the best vehicle for
for those people. So Model Y has been
the bestselling vehicle in the state of
Washington for several years. You know,
they're they're about as common as a as
an F-150 here. So yeah, not surprising.
It's the most over represented car. And
one of the cool things about Washington
is we we never have backups at
superchargers. You know, even the even
the city chargers, you know, you might
have to wait five minutes to use them,
but you know, when we see Supercharger
rolling out features like a like a a
queuing system, something that's just
not an issue here. You can you can drive
all over the Northwest with just
absolutely no worries at all. So, not
surprising. and glad to see the sales
here continue to grow. Um sales have
gotten so big that um Tesla's constantly
looking for new uh locations. They're
actually currently shopping for a new
kind of storage facility. They need a
large parking lot essentially on the
east side of Seattle to store the
vehicles and they've been having trouble
finding one. They they've had to stop
doing vehicle deliveries at their
Belleview uh 20th Street store, which is
their biggest retail or kind of their
biggest uh service center here. They've
had to stop doing deliveries because
they don't have the space. So, it's just
100% service. So, when you buy a Tesla
now, you know, here on the east side, I
can't go to Belleview. I have to go up
to Lynwood or or Sodto in South Seattle
or Reton south of Seattle just to buy a
car because they're so busy.
&gt;&gt; I I will second that. We were in uh we
did a drove up to SeaTac to visit our
cousins for Thanksgiving last year and I
was wondering am I going to experience
my first Washington state delay at a
supercharger. It's Thanksgiving you
guys. And uh when we got there it said
you are going to be uh limited to 80%.
If you go over that you're going to pay
idle fees. We get there there is one
spot open. It was a goodiz place but
every couple minutes another car's
turning. And by just restricting us to
80% unless we want to really pay extra,
it keeps the line moving. Uh Tesla's got
the ability to vertically integrate and
make everything happen in the way that
makes sense. We saw we talked about that
uh recently. We saw that uh there was a
location where the neighbors were
complaining about noise. Tesla added a
little popup on the screen when you pull
in. It says this is a quiet zone. Can
you keep it down at night? On the
screen. Who else can do that? Uh it's
it's amazing what they're able to do.
And in Washington, I have never once
waited for a spot.
&gt;&gt; That's uh pretty cool. I I was at the
the service center here in in Stockton
and they were telling me that after the
gas prices went up, they've been
bombarded with sales. It's been kind of
crazy. Like they haven't been they've
needed to hire new more people. It's
been that nuts. I thought you were going
to say that they told you that that was
a quiet zone for you as well.
&gt;&gt; My loud cyber truck.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. One of the joys of living in
Washington, you know, we pay like 12
cents a kilowatt hour for power. So,
it's it's already pretty cheap state for
for buying power. Um
&gt;&gt; I don't like you.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. I had to buy gasoline for my boat.
It was $8.50 a gallon for the ethanol
free gas. That was [laughter] that was
pretty pricey. So, my little public
utility, we're still at 7.8 cents a
kilowatt. And people, oh, you should get
solar. I can't afford solar. It would
take 500 years to break even because I'm
also not allowed to cut the trees down.
Uh, the city owns the trees. It's a
historic area. So, uh, yeah, no solar
for me. But with power that cheap, I
don't know, leave the lights on. Uh,
[laughter]
you don't need solar at that point. I
mean, it's got to it's got to make
sense. Like for me, I I made the
decision for solar because P Gen would
shut down my power 6 to 10 days a year
and by the time you're [clears throat]
rolling past the 24 hours, uh you know,
your food's going bad, right? Or
whatever the amount of time is and
you're paying for a hotel maybe just
depending on the season, if it's
raining, if it's cold, whatever it may
be. So, it just, you know, now I have
that peace of mind. But yeah, it's got
to it's got to make sense.
All right, Joe, what's the Tesla beat,
man?
&gt;&gt; This is our rapid news segment. Quick
answers, please keep it moving. We got
like five minutes left. Let's go.
&gt;&gt; All right, MDR, quieter charging.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, this this is fun. So, this is a
location where the local residents have
complained about the the noise from
people pulling into to Supercharge. So,
as soon as you pull into Supercharger,
there's a little popup asking you uh you
know, politely asking you to lower your
volume. and when you press the button it
it lowers the volume for you. Um it's
just an example of a of a
softwaredefined vehicle where um Tesla
controls the entire experience. You
know, this was I'm guessing a piece of
functionality that was asked for by
somebody in leadership and then one
individual programmer probably wrote it
in a day and they ran it through QA and
then just released it with the next
release. And there's no other vehicle
for sale in the US that would be capable
of doing something like that. So, it
just it's just Tesla being a good
neighbor um because they want to and
because they actually have the ability
to be a good neighbor.
&gt;&gt; I think it was tacked on on top of the
car wash mode where if it's a certain
location, it triggers an action. And in
this case, the action is if approved,
cut the volume.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Because because it doesn't pop up
all the time. It is certain areas.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Yeah, I would assume probably
especially by the diner, right? Like
that would be a great area because
they're literally stacked
&gt;&gt; on top of, you know, um like uh
&gt;&gt; residencies. Yeah.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Exactly. And it might even be it
might even they may come to one of those
things where again depending on you know
city it's kind of like pickle ball,
right? It's like at some point you kind
of you don't have a choice. You have to
lower you have to lower the volume um
just because of reg whatever the
regulations are.
How do we get to pickle ball?
&gt;&gt; I've heard a [laughter] lot of people
complaining like to the cities about
pickle ball courts and just this random
sound. So, I don't know.
&gt;&gt; Uh, shout out to Marin for spending two
or three million dollars just to shut
down a park because people were
complaining. So,
&gt;&gt; also shout out to Bill Gates for
inventing pickle ball. You guys can
Google [laughter] that.
&gt;&gt; Really?
&gt;&gt; I thought invented the internet. No, he
he kind of he I think he made a joke
about it because he used to play pickle
ball as kids, I think, over on like
Whidby Island or Banebridge Island.
[laughter]
Um, and now it's become popular and he
made some joke about how like they
invented pickle ball and it got taken
out of context. [laughter]
&gt;&gt; That is hilarious. Definitely. Well,
&gt;&gt; next Brian, uh, Giga Racetrack,
&gt;&gt; as Joe would say, probably nothing. I
had Joe Taggmire on uh yesterday to do
an interview. We discussed this in depth
and I said, "Look, uh is this for the
Roadster? We now know Roadster is going
to be built in Texas." And he said,
"Well, uh probably not specifically, but
yes, definitely. It is a car. It go real
fast. Racetrack is place where car go
real fast. It doesn't have steep banks
like we see in Fremont, but it's pretty
unusual for a car factory of that size
to not have a test track. This is a test
track. It's got multiple configurations,
multiple options, and what you want to
do with it. And I will I will be
surprised if we don't periodically see
vehicles out there uh stretching their
legs uh from the company. I will also be
surprised in the middle of the course.
There will also be uh chicaines that you
can, you know, play with the suspension
a bit. Uh and it would have been done in
like a week and a half. the pace was
rampant and then the rains came and uh
that just stopped everything. So, it'll
be done soon.
&gt;&gt; Well, why why do you think they don't
have the embankments? Because I I've
been on a test track at Fremont and that
is probably the fun part.
&gt;&gt; Sure, it is the fun part. Tesla didn't
design the Fremont track, but on this
track, Joe and I, it could be because uh
autonomous cars don't go real fast, but
it could also be because the Roadster in
theory uh can bank without a bank, can
turn sharp without needing the bank. It
may be able to pull itself to the ground
like the uh uh like the what is it? The
Mc Merry Sparling. So that would be
&gt;&gt; it could be that it's more impressive to
pull high lateral G's without a bank,
&gt;&gt; but we don't know.
&gt;&gt; Interesting.
&gt;&gt; We we don't know. Uh and with that, Joe,
wrong weight certification sticker.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, this is uh yeah, this happened. So
for Model Y's, they got a recall
[laughter] for 14,500 Model Y's because
of they were missing the weight
certification. uh label, but it happened
to actually be the the wrong weight.
Apparently, I had a I had a friend that
was that had hit me up because that they
had got a Model Y and they were delayed
and they were like, "What's going on?
Why is Tesla doing this?" And I ended up
finding out before this was actually
public that that was the reason the
certification sticker was was um
mislabeled and so they had to halt the
whole shipment and yeah, now it's a
recall. So, that's fun. And I don't know
how critical it is. I just got my
license renewed and I can assure you it
has the incorrect weight certification
as well.
[gasps]
&gt;&gt; Yeah, I I think somebody just finally
check. [laughter] You know what I mean?
Somebody just finally paying attention
is what it seems like.
&gt;&gt; Um, one last quick plug that I wanted to
do uh before we kind of also go over
some of the events. Um, if you remember
watching the uh Monroe Live uh probably
like four or five years ago, the very
person who brought it and made it um who
was kind of like the brain behind all of
the production was Corey
um Stein and he is now at Lucid as the
director of cost engineering. So either
way, we he's here in the Bay Area, moved
here. He um is no longer with uh Monroe
Live um and he's been here almost three
years now. Um, and we got an opportunity
to sit down with him and talk to him
about, you know, the cosmos, Earth and
Lunar and the robo taxi. So, it was a
cool conversation. Um, you know, check
it out. It's on our YouTube and X
channels and and Facebook as well. Um,
make sure to just check that out. just
again, you know, a friend who ended up,
you know, going from Monroe Live to
Lucid and, you know, having a
conversation and it's really cool to see
the work that he did at Monroe now being
able to use it at, um, all of that
expertise over at Lucid.
Um, so with that, uh, Brian, tell us
again about Muskegan.
&gt;&gt; June 5th and 6th, we've got a light
show, we've got speakers, we've got
vendors, all that good stuff. Tesla
Michigan.org
is where tickets are still on sale. And
if you can't get enough, well, there
will be a meet and greet Friday night.
Tickets are a little bit more for that.
Whole bunch of fun. Please join us. See
you there.
See you there. And with that too, if you
are across the pond or, you know, even
here and want to take a last minute trip
before it gets super hot in Europe, go
to, you know, flying to Frankfurt or
Vienna for the Tesla takeover, uh, 2026
in Flakout, Austria. I know a lot of
people will be doing Giga of Berlin
tours as well, making their eight hour
trek up there and maybe even passing
into, you know, Amsterdam for some FSD
Europe uh FSD supervised tours or
experiences. Um but with that said, um
you know, definitely check out both
events, support these events. Uh there's
a lot of you know, again, these events
are being put on by Tesla owners and um
and volunteers and so, you know, make
sure to support them. Um the for the X
takeover specifically too uh which is
happening on October 10th there's a wait
list. So if you go to xtakeover.com
click on registration join the weight
list uh there may be an opportunity to
to broaden tickets. Uh we are also too
there's you know some people
um who may not be able to make it. uh we
typically don't refund but in this case
you know there's because there is a wait
list we have been um you know uh
allowing some refunds here and there you
know when it's made sense um but it's
completely sold out so 1500 tickets gone
um you know May Musk is the keynote
speaker there's a lot of cooking
happening in the background um and also
too uh we have uh site view AI as the
presenting sponsor we have more to come
on that um and you know to kind of go
into like what what they do. But shout
out to them and that whole team Andrew
for for for being the presenting
sponsor. So again, more to come on that.
And if you want merch, um you know, Joe
has created some amazing jackets that
will not be here forever. Um so
xtakeover.com to go get those jackets.
Um they are definitely
really cool. Um something that you would
love to to wear.
But with that said, I hope everyone has
a great week. Please give Brian, MDR,
and Joe a follow. Go check out their
YouTube channels. Um, and they are
tagged on X. Give them a follow.
Subscribe to them. Uh, support them for
all the work. Thanks to Joe for the deck
this week. Um, and again, reminder, next
week we will not be here because, uh,
mainly because Brian's fault. He's going
to be in, uh, the Tesla summer meetup.
Um but I also will be in Europe and they
will be kicking off a lot of their
festivities
um in the evening. So which will be this
time right now. So with that said uh
appreciate the support. We will see you
guys in I guess in June uh the second
week. Um and have a great week everyone
and
see you next time.