Channel:     futureaza
Title:       What SpaceX Investors Are Missing
URL:         https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HNlRWjsdTJw
Published:   2026-08-02 12:00 UTC
Fetched:     2026-08-02 13:00 UTC

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Yes, Elon's right. In order to get to
the mission, which is Mars, uh, in order
to get to the big big big big numbers
that we will get to with orbital data
centers, there's still two really,
really significant businesses that would
make the stock worth way more than it is
now. And that is Starlink, which is an
unbelievable product and will just be
growing like crazy. SpaceX stock is down
quite a bit. In fact, uh quite a bit
depending from where you measure it,
quite a bit more if you pick from the
highs. Uh where is this going? And uh
how does Elon feel about it? How do the
shareholders feel about it? How should
you and I feel about it? I don't know. I
need to get in touch with my feelings.
That's why I brought on Randy Kirk uh
who is going to be my mental health
counselor for the day. Thank you.
&gt;&gt; Thank you, Swami. Uh I'm Brian. Welcome
to Futura.
[music and singing]
So, Randy, I don't know if you've ever
heard of this little company called
Space 10, I think. Uh, Space Shia. I'm
not sure how you pronounce it. Uh, but
&gt;&gt; that's pretty good. That's pretty good,
Brian. I I got to give you chops.
[laughter]
&gt;&gt; SpaceX uh has uh Space X AI. And by the
way, I love their updated logo. That's
fantastic work. SpaceX is down 49%. Elon
Musk says that's exactly what investors
should expect. I think you're putting a
little interpretation on that, but okay.
SpaceX priced its IPO at 135 and that
was, you know, the pre-IPO price. It
debuted at like 160. Uh, it now trades
around 114, which is 49% below its IPO
high. Musk openly warned SpaceX will
miss earnings quarters to fund moon and
Mars bases, prioritizing decadelong
returns over short-term profits. SpaceX
broke Wall Street tradition by reserving
a significant IPO allegation for retail
investors, not just institutions and
hedge funds. Uh so let's start there and
I'll I'll just show the show where we're
at. This is the year to date. Uh and I
could probably refresh it. We did shoot
this on Monday. Uh so we'll go back to
year to date here and we we see that
from its high it is down 43.8%.
Uh that's not super exciting and that's
actually not from the high because the
high was actually 225 and that's 2011
&gt;&gt; which is the highest day. So 225 to 113
is about half
&gt;&gt; right.
&gt;&gt; So
first impressions should people be
freaking out? Well, it isn't a first
impression. I spend massive amounts of
time on this subject uh trying to
understand it for my own uh share
purchases which we have made a purchase
on on on SpaceX um as well as for my own
channel. So, and for X where I actually
just posted today the full year 2027
expected revenues and profits. Allah
Grac um and uh very few people that I've
seen anyway have been making these
projections. Brian Wong is one who has
also made them. And I I just I I wanted
to see if I came up with the same
numbers as him. What we're looking at
right now is a company that is going to
that did about 20 a little less than 20
million 20 billion a little less than 20
billion in 2025.
Almost everybody thinks they'll do 40 or
more billion in 2026.
uh there is a very good chance that they
will make money in 2026, but it might be
a very small amount and it might be an
operating profit positive with a a uh
what do you call it? A gap a non-GAAP
negative, but that's going to be close.
It's going to be in the ballpark. It's
going to be around there. Then you go to
2027. 2027 it's just profit profit
profit. The numbers that people are
talking about 80 85 billion. So, another
doubling. Brian Wong again is at I think
at 110 billion and the profit numbers
are on the level of Tesla. We're talking
about 15 billion, 20 billion in profits.
Next year, um everything that they're
doing is just right now adding to the
potential profits for next year. Mostly,
almost all of it has to do with
terrestrial data centers. That's where
all the improvements are coming. So, uh,
if that's true, if everyone knew that
this quarter was going to be rough next
quarter and so on, uh, until we turn it
and we I don't own any shares until it
is turned around, uh, after that, why
the sell-off? So, the best answer, I got
two answers. This is what I've been
talking about for two or three weeks now
is number [snorts] one and probably the
most the biggest one is hedging against
the voters. I'm sorry, the voters, the
stockholder unlock that's the the
private holders unlock that comes a few
days after the next quarterly earnings
which is on the 4th. Now, I don't
remember what day it is that these
unlock, but what that basically means is
there's a whole bunch of people that
they were either employees or they were
private holders uh who got in on some of
the early opportunities to buy private.
They have various unlock dates and so
they might unlock on this this a bunch
of it maybe the large I think the
largest tunch by a lot unlocks a couple
of few days after the earnings call and
then other people it's six months it's
almost a it's a year for for the board
members or you know like like Elon Musk
and other people they got to hold it for
a year before they can sell any so with
this first unlock though we're going
from 5% float which is really really
tiny to maybe 25% % or 35% float, a big
big big increase. And so people are
thinking hedge funds, others that do the
are hedging on this uh or shorting or
selling puts or whatever, buying puts
any selling puts. They're hedging on the
idea that a lot of these people are
going to come out of the woodworks and
they're going to be like, I want to sell
my shares. I want to sell my shares.
I've been sitting here for all this time
and boy finally I can buy that house for
grandma and you know so I'm going to I'm
going to sell.
&gt;&gt; So there are um a lot of people who are
locked up because they are employees at
typically a company that gives shares
will do so over a three to five year
vesting. A lot of those shares will
remain locked for years. Uh you could
sell off a small sliver. I had a client
once when I was a a banker who every
time she would get her shares, she would
not wait to vest them. She would cash
them in immediately. So, she'd get a
100,000 of shares and on year one when
it hit 20,000, she'd sell it. And I was
looking at going, "You are a lunatic."
Nope. Turns out it was the right move
because the dot bubble burst like three
months later.
&gt;&gt; And uh she's she's like, "I don't know.
I just I I didn't I wasn't confident the
company would last five years." I'm
like, you're one of the few who made
money. Anyway, I don't think that's why
anyone is selling at SpaceX. It's
unfortunate that so many retail
investors uh got got in high and are now
facing potentially even more downside.
Looking at this, a different kind of
IPO. Most IPOs overwhelmingly favor Wall
Street. Large investment banks typically
allocate the bulk of available shares to
institutional investors, hedge funds,
and high- netw worth clients, leaving
retail investors buying only after
trading begins, often at much higher
prices. Now, I would love to see
significant evidence of this, but I have
not. And I have looked and I have talked
to my viewers. I have asked them how
many shares they got, and I think the
highest number I saw was 10. They
requested hundreds, thousands of shares
and got 10. And I I would argue that
those people had they been permitted to
buy would be ride-or- die investors.
They're Tesla people. They would still
be holding on. None of them would have
sold even a single share because uh
that's not that's not what Tesla
shareholders love to do. At least not
the ones that watch my channel. Very few
traders in my mix or traitors if you
will, but um they could instead. Uh I
think a lot of this faltering that we've
seen is because there were is it because
the shares were I I mean honestly I do
not know who got them all but if you
&gt;&gt; So here you here here you got a
situation like almost every IPO we we
can all remember when Rivian was valued
at hundred billion dollars.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; And now they're valued at 12 or
something. You know, we can all remember
these million o so many other IPOs that
go crazy and then relax. I thought this
one would relax around that first day
price of 150. So, I was a little
surprised to see it keep going. But
remember, the float is only 5%. So, you
don't have necessarily
a concentration of retail investors who
are Elon lovers. you may have way more
people that are playing playing it
playing with the stock trying to figure
out what to do with it. The other point
though I was going to make a minute ago
is I think that the starship
everybody talks so much about how
important Starship is. It is the it is
the thing that's going to change
everything for the world actually but
especially for SpaceX. And so when so
when we were coming up on that launch, I
think that was where we got the other 10
20 points down is especially when it was
uh put when it when it uh was what do
you call it called off at 0000. So we
saw it go down after that. So, I there's
something kind of more, how would you
call it? More exciting about owning a
stock where they send massive rockets
for the very first time into space and
you don't know how that's going to work
out. So, you know, there's a what's the
old the old saw about, you know, not
going into a long weekend uh long uh
because you never know how many things
could happen over that weekend that
would would be a problem. Well, imagine
that you're sitting on Tesla shares uh
Tesla SpaceX shares at 150 or 175 and uh
all of a sudden the rocket, you know,
gets up a little ways above the maybe at
5t or 10 feet up and it blows up taking
the billion dollar uh uh mechazilla with
it. um that becomes a big setback
[laughter]
and so you may want to hedge against
such an event uh until they're regularly
sending up Starships uh that that are
are you can have confidence in.
&gt;&gt; I will share this fun post from Earl of
Frunk Puppy. Once Starship stops
crashing, SpaceX will do the same. And I
did say that's a fair compromise, right?
And Anthony Smith saying by his own
admission, Elon says the entire company
plan isn't possible without Starship and
currently it's not orbital. It's an
immensely difficult engineering
challenge. But hey, roll the dice.
&gt;&gt; That's right.
&gt;&gt; And and I think that's fair. You can't
The moon and Mars are not possible
without Starship. Trying to move forward
with the existing plans on Falcon Heavy
would be difficult and expensive and
complicated.
But I mean Starship is those things as
well but for greater throughput and
potential. Getting orbital data centers
will not happen without Starship. Uh and
we know it's a constellation not a data
center. Please to my faithful pageantss
in the comments.
&gt;&gt; So I think we I think we would we would
be doing your your crowd a disservice if
we left it at this place because yes,
Elon's right. in order to get to the
mission which is Mars. uh in order to
get to the big big big big big numbers
that what we will get to with uh orbital
data centers that there's still two
really [clears throat] really
significant businesses that that would
make the stock worth way more than it is
now and that is Starlink which is an
unbelievable product and will just be
growing like crazy with Falcon that
doesn't need Starship to do it although
it will be way more profitable when
Starship is launching but you also have
terrestrial data centers. And there is
nobody on the planet like Elon Musk in
his ability to find the energy, find the
location, build the location out, and
then light up the chips than Elon Musk.
And that's what they're going to be
doing. Various people are projecting
three gigawatt hours next year. Their
total that they have right now is just
over a gigawatt. So, you know,
increasing that by 3x and probably
renting out the entire 3x, you're
talking about really significant income.
&gt;&gt; Significant income for sure. And when
you look at So, I believe there are
other companies that can find power and
find locations, but it is undeniable
that no one can stand up a data center
as quickly as uh SpaceX and Tesla. They
are very adept at it and that's why a
lot of these companies are hiring them.
If we want to build our own, we can and
it will be cheaper next year or maybe
the year after. That's not good enough.
Um, we may not survive that long. This
is the part I wanted to look at real
quick. SpaceX has been warning investors
all along its long-term ambitions could
conflict with quarterly earnings
expectations. Gwen Shotwell said at the
time of the IPO that the company's
measuring its operating horizon in
decades, not months. Musk reinforced
this message in a recent interview uh
with the economist. He acknowledged that
public companies face relentless
pressure to produce strong quarterly
results instead of investing over the
next decade. Uh I did have someone
recently tell me, "No, what Tesla needs
to do is give up on this silly autonomy
thing and make some vans and some
campers." I'm like, boy, their
competitors would love that. Oh, if GM
saw Tesla do that, oh my, they'd be tap
dancing in the boardroom. Uh, but
fortunately, that's not what they're
doing. And if if they did that, I don't
know if I'd hold. I think that might be
my signal to exit because giving up on
autonomy giving up on I mean for Elon's
trunch to complete what is it 10 million
paid subscriptions
&gt;&gt; something like that. Yeah.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. 10 million. So that's even if they
don't increase the price that's almost a
billion dollars a month right
&gt;&gt; in something that has no marginal cost
&gt;&gt; right. Yeah.
&gt;&gt; So uh
&gt;&gt; Yeah. So,
&gt;&gt; so there are people who are in for the
mission. Um, but that's that's one one
part of the folks that are involved.
Some of those are employees. Some of
those are people, you know, that we all
know like Rob Baron, uh, who probably
will never sell. Um, I'll probably never
sell. My heirs might. Uh, but for those
who are in for the mission, uh, it
doesn't really matter quarter to quarter
or even year to year. However, I think I
think it's a great warning that I think
that the company based on what I'm
looking at anyway, based on, you know,
50 60 years of experience watching
companies, owning my own companies, I
think they're going to make a lot of
money. And yes, at some point they may
decide to put a lot of money into the
Mars mission. Uh, but that's not going
to be next Thursday.
So a a [clears throat] closing question
for you Randy is to all the people
saying a merger is not just likely but
imminent and I've seen a number of
people highly respected people saying
this is happening and immediately my
question is uh do Tesla shareholders
have the stomach to wait decades for the
profit to build? Uh
&gt;&gt; well they've they've already been
waiting decades. Well, that's the thing
there. There's a limit to your patience.
And if a whole new if you round the
corner and see another 90 mile
straightaway, you might say, "Ah,
[sighs and gasps] okay, I'm out."
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Again, I think uh any honest one
of the problems is right now again my I
I made the point very early in this
conversation is nobody is really putting
out I mean okay 30 out of 32 of the
banks and institutions that have come
out and started to follow or cover
SpaceX
average PT average price target for 12
months from now was $230
and the highest was $800. $100 a share
PT for 12 months from now. And these are
not dumb these are not dumb people.
These are these are major major
institutions. And they've done the math,
okay? They've created the spreadsheet.
They've gone out and said, "Here's what
it is 20 years from now. Here's what it
is 10 years from now. Here's what it is
next year." But very few retail people
have done that yet. We normally have
people, you know, like uh Stephen Mark
Ryan and others who have done this kind
of math for Tesla, but they haven't done
it for SpaceX yet. So Brian and I have
done it, Brian Juan. And we're pretty
much in accord and we're also pretty
much in accord with the ones we've seen
from the street. 40 billion or more this
year, 80 billion or more next year and
then off to the races in the third year.
So I would uh disagree that these are
generally smart people in the analysis
sector because as we saw from 2019 from
2017 to 2020 their price targets were
like zero. I mean they round to zero
based on today's share price and they
were all in accord and Tesla Q was in
accord with them and they were all
wrong. They were all wrong. And you can
say that this time Wall Street is right
and that you and Brian Wang are right.
But you two are have a tremendous
reputation for being the most optimistic
uh analysts. Yeah. Yeah. Because I mean
uh I get heat people saying, "Brian, you
keep saying a thousand dollar price
target." And I go, "That's not something
I have said." Uh he's like, "Well, your
guested." Well, he's he he says a lot of
things. That's what I'll say. I don't
know. Uh I do want to give investors a
word of uh temperance, which is if you
see a rocket blow up, that does not mean
the company is in trouble. Launches are
a small part of what the company does.
Uh and the track record for Falcon 9 is
better than any rocket in history. And
it isn't even close,
&gt;&gt; right?
&gt;&gt; Falcon 9 Block 5 is the undisputed
uh reliability champion. Undisputed. And
you've got uh and
uh Starship is still getting some little
bugs worked out. Uh but it all the
pieces are there. We've seen them catch
it twice. We've seen them refly one of
those. We've seen the second stage
splash down so gently it didn't even
crack, which is stunning. So, if you see
some bad news, uh give it the context it
deserves. Uh and remember that
absolutely anything can change in
geopolitics,
in macroeconomics
at any time. And if you're looking at an
investment horizon under five years, I
don't know many people who would tell
you to buy an individual stock. And if
you do, um,
you know, if that's something you choose
to do, understand the risks before you
do it. So guys, what did we miss? What
do we misunderstand? Was I too tough on
Randy today? I feel like I might have
been.
Yeah, you can leave it in the comments
and Rob Wulmarmac will tell me I wasn't
hard enough. He is uh he still watches,
but he is not delighted uh sometimes.
So, we'll find out. Everybody else, uh
like, subscribe, do what you do. Head
over to Ry's channel, subscribe to him.
It's fun. It's so much fun. You do it
and the button changes color. Everybody
else, stay tuned. Stay juicy. And I
cannot wait to hear from you clever
robots on the flippity flop.