Channel:     brighterwithherbert
Title:       The Humanoid Robot Factory War - Optimus vs Figure vs NEO
URL:         https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FI-xNk-hjjE
Published:   2026-05-03 13:30 UTC
Fetched:     2026-05-03 14:00 UTC

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

This is the moment Elon Musk has been
warning about for years. The human race
just stopped being demo videos. It's now
a manufacturing war. And every Tesla
investor needs to understand exactly
where Optimus stands against Figure 3
and Neo. Because the answer changes the
long-term thesis. Two humanoid robot
companies just put America on the map.
Last week, Figure went from making one
robot a day to one robot an hour. That's
a 24x jump in 120 days. They'll ship 55
humanoids this week alone. Brett Adcock
says they're scaling to thousands then
millions. Their new Vulcan controller
lets the robot lose three actuators in a
lower body and still hobble away without
falling. Then 1X backed by OpenAI opened
a 58,000 ft NeoAC in Hayward,
California. 10,000 pre-orders in 5 days.
Built the whole facility in 3 months.
America's most vertically integrated
humanoid plant. And they claim the
cheapest, most performant actuators in
the world. Today we have robotics expert
Scott Walter, a two-time robotics
company founder joining me and he'll
explain the big announcements. Welcome
Scott. How are you?
&gt;&gt; Hello Herbert. Good to be back.
&gt;&gt; All right, we got a lot to cover today.
We got a lot of videos. Uh we're going
to start off with um Brett Iok and
Figure. So this is uh first of all, he
was playing having fun. So, he showed
off this little little clip here and uh
&gt;&gt; now uh you know what the reference is
from, correct?
&gt;&gt; Yeah,
that movie
&gt;&gt; Wilson
&gt;&gt; 2005 Iroot. Yes,
&gt;&gt; I
famous scene where the
&gt;&gt; the sentient robot is sort of hidden
amongst the the factory of all the
others and Will Smith is trying to find
it. And there is actually a scene kind
of like that. So it very reminiscent of
that. Uh and but that was a leadup to
the the full video uh which is giving us
a lot more behind the scenes of the
actual production of the bots and how
they did the scaling. And I think you
know there there was also a post that
came a little bit before that one. Do
you remember?
&gt;&gt; No. What was that one?
&gt;&gt; Okay. that that's uh when Brett first
showed the what the S-curve kind of
looked like and there was a graph with
the x- axis and then it was missing the
y- axis
&gt;&gt; this one right here which was kind of
showing the the scale on it. So it was
kind of left as like an exercise for the
reader to figure out exactly what the
height of everything was. Um it
certainly got a lot of scorn but it also
got a lot of engagement as a result. Um,
and we've ended up seeing what the
actual numbers are on there because
along with the video, there is also a
white paper uh on the figure website.
And this is something I I want to point
out to everyone that when you see a lot
of these these videos, they usually have
a white paper that goes along with it.
So you a lot of the questions that
people have are actually answered in
there. And so those horizontal lines
that we see on there, those are all
marketing 50. So uh at the time that
they posted that, which is like April
21st, I think So the month of April
wasn't over. They had already hit a
production bottom of 150 for the month
of April. So we can get an idea of what
that S-curve looks like. And again, the
most uh important thing is the scaling
of going from very slow manufacturing to
now doing about one an hour. And this is
pretty uh important information because
you know CERN um I think within maybe an
hour of that post figured out what the
numbers were on there by I think maybe
by counting pixels and do a few other
things because we knew one of those was
probably a one.
&gt;&gt; So
&gt;&gt; well now we know for sure because he
said in the last 120 days figure scaled
manufacturing 24 times. So now they're
making they used to make one robot a
day. Now they're doing one robot per
hour. So he said 55 human or robots per
week. So I wanted to show this video of
the actual
um scene here. I'll take that music out.
Tell us what we're watching here.
&gt;&gt; Okay. So uh when the manufacturing is
done, uh the robots go over to another
building. So this is bot Q. Uh the first
building is HQ, headquarters, and then
bot Q is like the headquarters for the
bots. And then when the bots are done uh
after they've gone through um a little
bit of burnin over there that they
verify that everything they do
everything all right they walk across to
this third building here which is known
as the grid and here is where they plan
on having a very very large training
center. So, a lot of training is still
going on over at HQ, but this is a new
building that they're getting ready to
stand up. And it's uh one of four
buildings that they have on the campus,
and we'll see when the the bots enter in
here uh you know why it's kind of called
the grid because there's a grid of
robots that we're about to see here. And
do you have an idea of what the size of
the grid is?
&gt;&gt; No.
&gt;&gt; Okay. There there is one shot that
allows you to kind of figure it out. I
mean, you can go through enough and and
start counting and everything, but uh
it's actually a 14 by4 grid. So, if my
math is right, that's like 196. So, kind
of in one shot, we almost see 196 bots
that that are there.
&gt;&gt; Wow. So, this is real. That was
&gt;&gt; Oh, yeah. That's real. That's Now, the
crazy thing is if like that image right
there almost doesn't look real.
&gt;&gt; And and this is the thing is like a lot
of the bots that have these very shiny
surfaces and and like the rooms that
they're in. Um, and when you do a drone
shot like that, it almost looks
artificial,
but it's it's for real. Um, because I've
I've been in those buildings. I've seen
uh this this production, not when they
were at this high a volume, but I know
they are building bots, so it's it's not
CGI. I can I can tell everyone that for
sure. So, it's not CGI, but I was going
to I I thought we were going to show the
a little bit of the actual um facility
itself. But before we do that, I want to
show Elon um sorry, Brett Adcock being
interviewed and what he said because he
they're often um accused that what
you're seeing is faked in CGI and
whether the bots are actually tell
operated. So, let's listen to what he
said.
&gt;&gt; Welcome to Sorcery.
&gt;&gt; Thanks for having me.
&gt;&gt; I don't know if this is going to be part
one or part two, but this is a series
now. Yeah, great. Great.
&gt;&gt; We did the entire tour and now we're
going to do a sit down interview. I
figured uh we recently went viral for a
lot of these hot takes at Hillen Valley
and so I think it would be great if we
just start there. So what is your
hottest take right now
&gt;&gt; on in robotics?
&gt;&gt; Yeah,
&gt;&gt; hot take. Um
I think one thing that we spent a lot of
time on is doing things with like fully
autonomous and end to end
&gt;&gt; and you asked us a few questions uh here
when we walked in of like is this like
teley operated? We're not telly
operating this stuff. I think our hot
take for robotics is just it's like it's
kind of really difficult to see what's
really happening in the space without
coming on site and really seeing stuff.
So I hope I I hope you had a good
experience here today seeing everything
we're doing. Um, I think my and I think
the hottest take I have is like
we just want humanoid robots to work and
like they're working now. It's pretty
simple. Like we're seeing robots um to
do everyday things like we saw it clean
up a living room, do commercial work.
Like it's just it's cool to see it. Like
it's cool to see that this is going to
happen the next few years.
This is a very hotly contested space and
it's becoming more and more competitive
as it was funny because we did this
interview with Skyo and he was talking
about Adam was talking about the drone
cycles. There are drone cycles where
there's hype cycles and that kind of
thing, but humanoid robots
are certainly at a different scale and
pace than before. So, how does this feel
with the competition?
Um
I think like the listen our internal
goal is like how do we get these things
to do real stuff and get paid for it and
um so we we think a lot about how do we
do autonomous useful work that's our bar
and um we need to do that with like AI
models really well and we need on good
good hardware it's like you know cost
effective we could make a lot of it make
a lot of robots um you know we think
we're probably at this point a few years
ahead of everybody globally doing this
at this level which is like um we're
kind of early in the humanoid you know
book and um hopefully the next step is
like how do we get more robots out at
scale and I we want to be first to be
able to do that how do we get you know
hundreds and thousands and tens of
thousands of robots in the world that
run every day and the space is just
early there's a lot of uh we're just
like we're like in the first chapter of
humanoids coming into society at scale
and um yeah we're we're pumped about
here internally is it's working and it's
just chapter one. Chapter two is like
get more out the door and get them
working even like a bigger scale. Then
at some point we want to really be able
to generalize to do everything we can.
&gt;&gt; So Scott, he said a couple things there.
Uh one that it's actually they're
working now. It's it's uh nothing's
teleoperated and two that we have a
factory and we're building it. We want
to be the first. Uh what are your
comments on those two?
&gt;&gt; Well, yeah, we've known for a while that
um all the videos they show are not
teleoperated. They've always been
autonomous. Even going back to I think
one of the very first figure one videos
with the the curig, the reason why they
put it out is like, holy cow, it's kind
of working these these neural nets and
being able to get the the bot to do what
it was always something very difficult
to do with with classical kind of
robotics and and normal teaching
methods. Uh they've come a long ways
from that where we we've definitely seen
a lot of demos that you didn't expect. I
always thought like doing things in the
factory floor would be a lot easier than
doing things in the home. And then we're
starting to see these bots are actually
able to take care of a lot of chores in
the home that would have been very
difficult years before. But again, he's
right. We're still very early in in this
this story of what the humanoids are.
It's chapter one or you want to say
early innings. There's all sorts of
metaphors you can use for that. Um and
you know, they can clearly say that they
are in one of the leadership positions.
Um and you know, it demos is is
definitely one thing. Um, but being able
starting to see these more in in
production and we're beginning to see a
little bit of that and the other is then
you know the ability to scale to show
that you actually putting a factory
together and right now we have not
really seen that coming from the North
American humanoid companies. Been seeing
a lot of that coming out of China
clearly a lot of scale not one company
multiple companies doing that. And then
coincidentally right around the same
time that that figure is showing that
they have their bot queue. We're also
seeing that 1x is getting ready to also
scale on similar levels. And and I
should also back up a little bit is you
know agility has mentioned in the past
they built a facility years ago to go up
to 10,000 uh capability of doing that
but we've never really seen them kind of
scale those kind of numbers yet with
with their digit bot. So um you know
seeing seeing production of hundreds of
them uh in a month I think is might be
the first in the US. Yeah, that's uh
Digit you were talking about. And so
we're we're watching this now being
built. And so this is uh wanted to show
you this. This is
&gt;&gt; them walking around the factory.
&gt;&gt; You were there.
&gt;&gt; You were there. I have not actually
visited their new factory yet. And so
I'm looking forward to this. But um you
know he was he was showing these bots uh
actually right when they are first
built. Is this what we're looking at?
they actually go through their own uh
kind of movements just to get
calibrated. Correct.
&gt;&gt; Yes. It's it's like a calibration and
verifying that everything is sort of
working before they walk across the
street.
&gt;&gt; Um and so then they they definitely have
a lot of other quality assurance test
that they want to go through because you
never know just because you put it all
together. You're hoping things are are
going to pass a lot of these different
tests. Uh when I was there was like late
January. they were just starting to
stand up bot Q and they there were a few
things there but they weren't uh really
let's say as populated with what they
have right now. So a lot of it is
bringing the full equipment in um hiring
the technicians, training the
technicians, finding what are the things
that are slowing the process down.
They're allowing them to to come down.
So as as far as the scale, so I you know
I I think CERN was like literally
counting pixels to try to figure out
what the what the numbers were and I
took like a different approach. We came
up with basically the same number and
what I did is I'd used a public
statement. So, so Brett had mentioned on
an interview in Sean Ryan that they were
down around 90 minutes uh per bot and I
said, "Okay." And but I wasn't sure
like, you know, how many hours are they
working per week? So, I just said,
"Let's just assume one shift per day,
Monday through Friday." So, I had like a
40-hour work week. And by using that, I
came up with a number that was like 107,
which is about the same as as what CERNs
is. And I think that's actually number
that's there. It's very close to that.
But I was a little bit off because again
it's it's not like things were just
dropping down in big quantum steps. They
were slowly getting better. So if you
actually look at the numbers for the
month of March and you use the real
hours which looks to be closer to like
about uh six days a week probably nine
hour shifts about 54 hours. Um they were
they averaged about 120 minutes per bot.
But it meant that the time he made the
statement they had finally got it down
to like about 90 by the end of the
month. So the average was pretty high.
So it was probably really bad at the
beginning of the month. You know March
1st it was more than 120 and it started
to come down. They brought it down
again. So now so far in the month of
April they seem to be hitting about 60.
Uh so that's already a pretty good drop
down from there because it looks like
they're going to be doubling the
production also uh for the whole month
of April with a target by May. and he he
ends up saying it in the sorcery podcast
with Molly O'Shea that it's they want to
hit 90 and now that I know like the
hours and and those things there have a
better chance of being able to forecast
what they're going to do just kind of
based on one shift and so
&gt;&gt; you think by the end of the year 200
&gt;&gt; oh easily I mean even without any
improvements right now they they're
going to hit two they can hit 200
because they're doing like 214 a month
and they still got like you know 10
almost not quite 10 months but enough to
be able to get there, but that's going
to improve. And it looks like they'll
probably be hitting a run rate close to
400 a month, which means they're
probably going to be
three somewhere between three and 4,000
are possible. Now, um Brett, you know,
didn't give any firm numbers. He said
that they they hope to produce thousands
of bots this year. Okay. Now, thousands
does not mean ten thousands. If they
were really going to do 10, he would
have said tens of thousands. So, so they
were going to going to do thousands. So,
we know somewhere between a thousand and
maybe 9 10,000 something like that. I
have a feeling the target might be in
the order of 5,000 somewhere around
there. And he did also say and in that
in that podcast he also said they have
parts on hand to be able to do that.
&gt;&gt; So, they're not going to scale up to be
able to produce
&gt;&gt; 400 a month and then just say let's stop
building them in October. They're
they're going to keep that and they're
going to be uh moving ahead on that, I'm
sure. So, so that's what you're looking
at. Now, the big question is like where
are they all going, right? No.
&gt;&gt; So, so, well, I I have some guesses, but
let me That's exactly what I'm asking.
&gt;&gt; You don't have to guess.
&gt;&gt; Well, BMW, they said that they're
working at BMW, and one of the uh
episodes there was, does this actually
already help with car building cars?
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; And he says it is, but I'm assuming
they'll be announcing other customers.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. So, there will be announcements
coming. Now, if you go to the white
paper, you will find out exactly uh what
it's using. So uh the main one is like
uh for for research and development
internally. So they've got the groups
that are going to be doing that. They've
got another group which is just doing it
also for the the o overall training.
They have an exterior partner that
they're using for a lot of the end to
end home. Uh and that's Brookfield that
was announced way back in October if you
remember that. They're going to put them
in empty apartments so they can figure
out where the
&gt;&gt; dishwasher drawers and practice in
those,
&gt;&gt; you know, let's say they have a hundred
of them and they'll put a 100 bots in
different configurations and watch them
work.
&gt;&gt; Yes. Yes. That and then the the final
was, you know, basically um uh used on
customer sites. So they have some
customers without really announcing who
and what they are. So you know the
speculation is, you know, maybe it's
still BMW. um you know, could be some
others. We've seen a lot of things with
logistics, so it's up to you to sort of
guess who that potentially could be and
some other partners that they'll
probably announce pretty soon, but right
now a lot of times it's like the the
partners are the ones that don't want
the announcement to be made. So that's
what kind of prevents them from be able
to say anything. So So that's pretty
much where they're going. Um it's not
like they don't know what to do with the
bots that I'm sure every bot coming off
the line, they have an idea of exactly
what it's going to do and where it's
going to go.
&gt;&gt; Sure. Yeah. I mean uh Elon has said that
20 to
&gt;&gt; I think did he say 15 20 25,000 bots
they can use it in a digital playground
just to test reality and then use that
as part of simulation
&gt;&gt; and and they're building a similar I
mean that's the idea of the grid is is
Brett had explained that on Moonshots
&gt;&gt; um podcast back in January that that
where the they were assembling over
there they're going to have a very large
area where it's going to be like a
gymnasium where they're going to be
testing out all sorts of things and
they'll have like a raised um viewing
area that you'll be able to look down
and see what all the bots are doing. He
referred to it as like a James Bond kind
of viewing uh port and uh from there
that's where they're going to try to
amass a lot of training. So they'll have
no problem finding some use for the bots
and and they also have another building
that I think they have a lease on but
they are yet to occupy so that they have
plenty of room to be able to move into.
&gt;&gt; Okay. So so thank you. That's what
you'll need to know. Two to 5,000. But
then the question is, do they really
work, Scott? Do they really work? Uh,
are is this the figure three? Is it
already design complete that this is it?
You know, you got the AI to be able to
teach it with to-do skills and then
you've got the bot itself and they're
producing thousands. But even with
thousands doesn't mean that it works,
but they showed off this video. Uh, they
called it Vulcan, a new AI robot
controller. One of the most important
safety features is allowing the bot to
lose up to three actuators in a lower
body and still hobby hobble around
without falling. So, let's take a look
at that video that they shared and you
can tell us what's so important about
this.
&gt;&gt; I want to show you guys something really
cool.
&gt;&gt; Okay, this has happened.
&gt;&gt; Let's listen to what he's saying about
balance where traditionally if we lost
any of the joints in the lower body, uh
we would fall. We now have a new AI
policy called uh Vulcan where the robot
can lose up to three actuators or joints
in the lower body and still stay
balanced and not fall. So, let me show
you uh we're going to show you example
here a live demonstration. Morris, who
led the project, is going to kill the
right knee. Let's kill it. Done.
So, now the robot has no right knee.
What we want to see happen is we want to
see the robot limp off into service.
It looks like both his arms and wrists
were already disabled, too. Then
&gt;&gt; head to the repair and maintenance lab
to get checked out.
&gt;&gt; And you can hear it squeaking along the
floor
as it moves moves along there.
&gt;&gt; All right. Nice work, Mor.
&gt;&gt; Yep.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. So, I mean, uh, one of the knees
goes off and then it's going to go walk
itself to get fixed, but it looks like
both wrists were, uh,
&gt;&gt; my understanding is is what happens is
that is that when you lose that, the
others just say, "Okay, we're just going
to kind of lock out and stop moving
because the movement of that could also
cause
&gt;&gt; if only one is gone, go and get fixed."
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. So,
it So, they can lose up to three. Um,
but the thing is, they may have just
knocked out like one knee at that point.
And if you think about it, you can
almost walk with just one axis of moot
if you want. So it's it's a little bit
difficult, but you know, we can do that
with our knees if we put a knee brace on
there or something like that that you
can do a very very stiff walk. So in
theory, this is always possible. It's
just that it didn't work before. And
there's a variety of reasons it can
happen. Well, it's like just something
happens with a loose cable, you lose
communication, something else. Could be
that the motor overheats or mechanical
thing, you know, there's just a variety
of reasons that this can happen. And
usually when that happens, it just means
the bot falls down. Um, now when they
see something like that happens, they
they can just lock the whole thing out
and um find a way to hobble over to um
basically what I call the the bots. Um
so they they've got a place to to go
ahead and repair it. And also
the it's not just the Vulcan, but they
they do have something that is
controlling everything. So all the bots
know what they're doing. So, so bots
know when another bots's uh low on
charge will come over and replace and
stuff like that. So, a similar thing
will happen. The bot goes, "Whoops, I'm
I'm gone." And another bot that happens
to be nearby will then come in and take
over on that place.
&gt;&gt; Wow.
&gt;&gt; So, and they they've been doing that in
in many of these cases where they've had
operations run flawlessly uh for over 72
hours just running non-stop where they
were be swapping the bots out. So one
would come in, the other one would take
over and it's going and and they were
not having any errors, any software
errors or anything like that just
running and and this is really what
limits the deployments out in the field
is like when do you get to that level
that you're at human level efficiency?
Um if you're below human level
efficiency, it's very hard to make the
argument that we're ready to go in and
replace them. So they've got to get up
there. And so that's what they're
beginning to show is that they've got
the the reliability from the hardware
standpoint, you know, the uptime that
they're going to have as well as from,
you know, number of software errors that
you're doing for a particular task. And
so they're they're starting to hit those
those metrics. And we'll probably find
out later this year um a little bit more
as they they start to to show us the
results and some of these u PC's that
are doing. So yeah, in the beginning of
that clip, there was this bot here
working away, but prior to them
purposely disabling it,
&gt;&gt; and it looked like that uh it was doing
a pretty good job. And if they're
claiming that this is not teleoperated,
this bot is independently doing this on
its own now and it's moving faster than
remember when we first showed this.
&gt;&gt; It looks like that they've figured it
out. I mean, this is it, right? Is this
is that how you interpret this? It's
working.
&gt;&gt; I see it as being very, very close. Abs.
Absolutely. So, um, and I'm sure they
they probably already have them deployed
out in the field, but at the same time,
they have a mockup uh internally in in,
uh, in the headquarters to be able to
check for any errors and and it's going
to be the same thing like, you know,
when FSD has a problem, right? Reports
it and then someone has to go ahead and
analyze and take a look at it. So they
they definitely want to make sure that
they have a twin of that there that if
they're seeing some issues actually in
production, let's go ahead and then
let's see uh if we can duplicate that.
So the reliability seems to be pretty
good. And as you can see, that's a very
chaotic scene. It's something that's
very hard to to program traditionally.
And also, I think it'd be really hard to
do that teleoperated. You know, it's
it's too smooth. It's too fast.
Teleoperators cannot go that fast.
They're
&gt;&gt; Okay. So Scott, the the biggest uh uh
criticism I've heard I still hear people
saying one is that uh that's being
faked. Okay, you're he's saying it's not
it's not it's not being teleopated. Two
that u you can produce thousands, sure,
but they're still going to they're just
they don't have the reliability. The
actuators will break. And in fact, if
you see this for them to say if one
breaks, go get replaced. That's is
proving that maybe they're not quite
ready there. Uh, are you ready to say
that a these bots can be sold now to
customers that they can be worked and
they just add extra bots to replace it
if the actuators break or where do you
think that we're at on
&gt;&gt; Yeah, you're you're you're pretty close.
The end of the day, all the customer
cares about is ROI. Is there a return on
investment? And can you provide this
service for me? So, it's going to be
robots as a service, which would be the
same thing as labor and the contract can
be set up. It's like I I don't care how
you do it. just make sure we see this
throughput with this kind of efficiency.
And uh if it's like one bot per person,
fine. If it's two bots or or you know,
two and one and a half bots, whatever,
we don't care. Just go ahead and do it.
So, at first, you know, the the bots are
able to run maybe four hours on a charge
u before they have to get swapped out
anyways. So, they're they're already
kind of set up to be able to do that
swap out. And um the question is what
you can do with that ratio. Is it going
to be that, you know, two bots for one
operation or can you kind of make it
like, well, wait a minute, I've got
three operations. Maybe I can do it with
four bots and then depending upon how
widescale it is, you also make sure you
have like an extra one in there at first
in case one of them breaks. The the bots
are also designed to be highly
serviceable. So if some one of them does
break, you can get the replacement
pretty quick. But from the standpoint of
the swap out, it can be done pretty
quickly without impacting the overall
throughput in production, which and and
that's what's important. You don't want
to stop a line because when that
happens, it then all the lines are
designed to be able to handle a small
interruption, but when it gets too long,
it then propagates through the system
that becomes a problem. So
they're they're all very close to the
point that customers are willing to
really start testing them in a real
production environment because they they
believe it could be handled.
&gt;&gt; Um so I think you know the hardware is
there is going to be part of is going to
be charging. We know they're going to
fail every now and then but the same
thing happens with workers. You know
workers suddenly you know they they get
injured or they get tired they have to
take a break too. they can't they don't
really run eight hours straight. You
know that it's a couple hours and then
then you get a 15-minute break and then
a couple more hours and then you get
launched in 15. So if you want to be
comparing it one to one to a particular
human, you could do the same thing. And
and we've shown this in the past that
the charging rates are such that if if
you give it a 15 minute break and then
the half hour break and then the other
15 minute later on in the day, it can
also run the same amount of time as a
person without having to swap the bot.
&gt;&gt; Makes sense. And then the other
possibility is in many cases you can
charge in place,
&gt;&gt; right? Yeah. You can just even just have
a cord plugged in. Yeah. Or step
stepping on
&gt;&gt; that case of figure you actually stand
on on something. So you can have
induction charging that they can be
&gt;&gt; the induction charging at the bottom.
Yeah. So here's what Brett Al said. He
said also also the bot your robot you're
seeing here is doing a high volume
package logestic use case and it's doing
it fully autonomous with Helix 2. He's
claiming that that is 100% fully
autonomous. And he goes, "A few years
ago, I wouldn't have thought this was
possible. Before this, if we lost a knee
actuator, we would fall. There was no
way to stay balanced. Today, we can lose
up to three in the lower body and not
only stay balanced, but hobble off
safely. So, with the numbers of 5,000,
let's say 2 to 5,000 per year at this
point, and we're just getting started.
They have a factory, pretty big
facility. Do you think that uh it's
mostly automated or is it still all hand
you know created
hundreds of employees?
&gt;&gt; It's a it's a little bit of a mix. So uh
we were able to see in the video they
were showing bot Q at the beginning and
that there's a lot of technicians that
are doing the assemblies. So the one
thing I just wanted to make clear on the
numbers of two to five is that right now
they're they're definitely going to hit
based on their their monthly figures
between two and a half and three. If
they scale it up, they'll probably be
three and a half to four. And then by
the end of the year, their run rate, or
maybe even by midsummer, their the run
rate would be that they could do 5,000 a
year. So that that will be the actual
run. This they could not hit 5,000 this
year because they've already lost enough
months in the beginning on that, but
that would be single shift. If they
decide to go to a second shift, of
course, they could bump that up a lot
more. And that always depends upon the
supply chain. and you know um so they
have parts on hand for whatever it is
that they want to be able to produce
this year. The question is you know
whether they would have enough if they
wanted to suddenly double overnight.
&gt;&gt; So when it goes to to automation yeah
there there's a certain amount of
automation we see in there for um
inspecting of the the head. So we've
seen that be before they show that
moving around for testing of the battery
line. uh you will see a couple of robots
out there that are are doing these the
different aspects but there's still a
lot of manual assembly
and
the intention is to bring the robots
somehow in there somehow um I don't
think they'll be doing exactly what the
technicians are but they might be able
to do some movement of materials around
so when we look at
&gt;&gt; is that real is that a real thing like
robots building robots
&gt;&gt; because we already
&gt;&gt; we've already seen it I mean Fanic
already did that I'm thinking 30 40
years ago already that they were doing
the production of of the fanic robots
pretty much all fully automated. Uh now
it wasn't super efficient necessarily.
It was more or less to prove a point
that they said okay we're going to go
ahead and do here and do the whole
thing. So in many cases it it becomes
very very difficult to do abso and the
question is like what does it really
mean to completely manufacture it
because you're these components you're
probably buying from somewhere else that
probably had a lot of hand assembly you
know like a lot of the motors and stuff
like that many cases there's probably
some hand assembly and you're just
saying oh just I just take it out of the
box and put it in in my robot so there
will be a certain amount and uh you know
1x also released a video of of their
Haywood plant and they are showing that
Neo is kind of helping out. But doing
very simple things of like you know uh
picking up some material and maybe
bringing it because
&gt;&gt; that is an important part of um usually
you have what what they might call like
the milk run where when you're doing
production people are constantly running
out of parts and you have some people
that all they do is they have a trolley
and they're just pushing around with
fresh parts to kind of keep you know
they're going around okay you're running
out of washers you're running out of
screws what do you need I'll go ahead
and get those things so there's all
these gophers that are going around to
make sure that amply supplied so they
don't have to get up and and and go and
find those things. And a lot of those
things are done on a pretty good
schedule because you you know how
quickly people are going to run out of
parts. You want to make sure at the
start of the shift everyone has 100% of
what they need. You know how they're
going to drain it down. You go around
otherwise
you you route
it can become very chaotic. People
running into each other because they're
all trying to get parts at the same
time. So so there's a certain amount of
scheduling and logistics to make sure
that's done. And typically that's done
today. you know, if not manually, you
might have AMRs. They're doing
autonomous mobile robots that are the
same thing that they go off over to some
storage facility, get some parts, and
they go around to wherever people are
doing assembling, people take the totes
off and make sure everything is
serviced. And sometimes the robots will
do the loading and unloading and that.
So, there's no reason why you couldn't
do it with a humanoid. And in some
cases, the humanoids might make more
sense for these lower volume kind of
applications because this is where it's
really hard to automate is the ones
where the volume is so low, it's just
not worth it. You're like, yeah,
&gt;&gt; you know, the the programming, the
special everything that you have to do
to to get that to work, you just say
it's not worth in the end of the day.
It's cheaper to hire a person off the
street. But now you get the robots are
doing you might say it's still a little
bit impractical, but you got to start
somewhere. You got to learn. And you
know eventually you would get into the
state that they do make financial sense.
&gt;&gt; They're helpful. So so at this point I'm
pretty impressed because uh I was not
expecting we would be at this stage at
this time. So number one I don't know
how much of this is marketing and how
much of it is real. The bots are built
and we went through how many they can do
at this point which is a pretty good uh
clip at this point. Very early but let's
say one bot an hour. That's fantastic.
Now they then wake up on their own and
then they go through their calibration.
That was pretty cool to see. I don't
know how real that is. Then you told me
that they actually physically walk from
one facility to another facility. I
guess that's a good QA step as well just
to test to see if they can walk. Why not
make them go from one location to
another location that you want them at?
&gt;&gt; And then you're saying to me that they
can actually do autonomous uh skills in
this case pick and place or this one
where they're flipping off packages.
They seem to have learned that well
they're currently working a BMW so
they're physically moving picking and
places uh parts in right now and you
believe that with the hours that they
work and then the the quality that they
are already at the point where they
could actually be ROI to the customer.
So they have the skill, they have the
hardware and they have the kind of the
me the uh the metrics that's required
for this to truly be there or is there
anything that we are still waiting for
before this really become something you
can sell and make money on and become a
real business?
&gt;&gt; All these robots I believe there is
lowhanging fruit that they could be
going after. Um the idea that these are
going to be in our homes next week is
like
&gt;&gt; right
&gt;&gt; you know question well well maybe you
mean 1X has got something to say about
that but but to be able to do everything
you need in the home we're still years
off from that but it doesn't mean it's
not useful. Um, again, I keep on
bringing up the Roomba, you know, that
it does it really doesn't do a good job
of vacuuming and it's slow and it's only
able to cover some yet for some people
it's a it's a proper use case because a
lot of times they just want the
touch-ups between when we actually have
to go in it. So, you could say it saves
a little bit of time here and there even
though if there's some other things I
still have to do. So many cases, the
these robots, even the ones that come in
the home, at first they may be the same
way. They'll they'll get some of your
tasks done, which will free up some
time. You know, maybe it's like folding
t-shirts. I mean, a lot of people
complain about folding t-shirts. Um, and
it's going to be a lot slower than me,
but I probably don't care when I come
back. And so, there will be the early
adopters that are willing to do that
because part of it, it's just
entertaining to have a bot in your
house. I mean, for a lot of people, it
just be a hobby and others, it might
actually be getting some useful work.
Now whether it gets the useful work down
to the level you can say it's economic
compared to traditional ways of doing
it. We're still a little bit ways off
from that but again you only will get
there by starting these implementations.
They're going to be some some trial
runs. I'm running out more and more I'm
surprised number of companies that are
interested in physical intelligence.
It's just there's way more and and
others popping up all the time. Um, the
reason why, you know, I think Unitry
made about 5,000 robots last year and
they were bought by a lot of people and
they weren't just universities. There
are a lot of companies that are buying
up the Unitaries knowing that they
really can't do anything useful with
them.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; Except this is how they understand the
deployment and what the issues are. So
many of them are going with the idea
that we're a couple years away from a
really useful humanoid coming and we
just want to make sure we're ready. Um,
and so this is sort of what you're
seeing. And a lot of companies have
these R&amp;D budgets that we can put them
over there and we can have them run a
part of a facility and we can have it
kind of run technically at a loss
because maybe it's not as efficient or
or maybe it's got the right efficiency.
It's just that it costs too much because
you have like extra engineers and all
these other people that you're paying to
keep the thing running at the rate. and
they're like, "We don't care because we
always have an R&amp;D budget that we need
to to always spend to make sure we are
going to be more efficient a couple of
years from now." And if you don't do
that, that's how you lose your
competitive edge. So that's probably
what a lot of the deployments are that
you're going to see this year is they
may not have the KPIs to say that
there's return on investment, but
everyone will see the trajectory is
right there. Just like, you know, where
was the beginning of the year? one one
one robot a day which actually is pretty
good because I think a few years ago
they were like maybe one robot a month
it was because it was so intensive and
so difficult to to kind of build it to
now in a short period of time you're
seeing it going down and uh you know
it's the same thing with the
productivity you're going to see on the
floor.
&gt;&gt; Okay, thank you for wanted to know where
you're at. So here's 1X. 1X is uh a
company that uh is going a completely
different approach. You and I
interviewed Burnt uh Borneick. you've
been to their facilities uh several
times now as well. This is Neo and uh
their approach is very different than
all the other human or robot because
they're going straight to the home.
That's what they say. Although they
believe that by going to the home first,
he says that we can actually get to the
factory before the others do because he
believes that training, generalized
training is what's more important and
what better environment than the home.
And so for the home, take a look at the
bot. very differently built than all the
other bots like the way figure or um uh
Optimus or the Chinese do it. They try
to remove as much um physical heavy
metal stuff, make it soft, make it
light, make it short. Um so this is a
beautiful cute little bont, cute little
face. I'll play some videos of it. Um
different kind of uh you know look and
feel to the whole thing. And uh we're
going to watch the factory tour and then
let's see how this uh how this looks.
&gt;&gt; Now, one of the things they also claim,
Scott, is they say that they they're
truly vertically integrated. I mean,
they make every single part themselves.
Um is that marketing or is that real?
&gt;&gt; It it's real and and there are some pros
and cons uh to take an approach like
that. Part of the reason why they're
doing it is that they have a unique
actuation strategy and and their own
actuators. So they it'll be very
difficult for them to be able to
outsource that. So they're one of the
few American companies that actually
build uh their actuators themselves. Now
part of a lot of actuators as you know
is also like the reducers you know
planetaries or harmonics. They don't do
that. So they they don't need that that
part of the supply chain because they're
using the caps and drives because
everything is tendon driven. So so if
you're going to go in the home your bot
has to be safe. I've said this numerous
times. Doesn't matter how capable, how
cheap. If it's not safe, it's not going
in the home. And the only way to get
safety is that you have to make sure if
it hits you, it's not going to harm you.
So you need the, you know, low reflected
inertia if it accidentally bumps into
you. Also, if it falls on you, it needs
to be very light. So Neo was designed to
be about half the mass of all the other
bots. And it's still, you know, adult
size. So it's at coming in weighing in
at um something like 30 kilograms where
everyone else is like somewhere between
50 and 60. uh some some as high as 70.
So it's it's much lighter. Uh and part
of it gets that from the idea of the
tendon driven drives um that reduce the
part of the mass of the actuators. So
there's a lot of components that they
probably just they couldn't source even
if they wanted to. Um but there's a
certain degree of cost that they have
because um this is kind of a very early
generation of mass production where you
you'll see in this that there's a lot of
CNC machines and 3D printers and
typically when you really want to go to
scale you you want to start using you
know castings and stampings and
injection molding when you go to it.
There are some components they probably
have to 3D print. For instance, you
know, the um the soft skin that they
have that we'll talk to about in a
minute. Now, say one of the differences
that when you look at at the figure
video, you can see that a lot of the
parts that they have are set up to be uh
mass manufacturable because they they're
casted or stamped or something like
that. And usually that means you're just
going to a local supplier to be able to
produce those things. But, you know,
you're designing that stuff. you're
given the specifications and you know
stamping presses are um are are pretty
expensive and it takes a while to design
the the dies and it's not something that
everyone needs unless you're an
automotive manufacturer with very very
very high volumes. So that's where you
see a little bit of the difference
between the two. Um both of them are
assembling it but they are let's say
doing things at maybe a much lower level
just because they have to because of the
unique properties of a lot of what's
going on in the bot. And again, when it
comes to safety, um, you need to make
sure that, um, the bot is going to be
very soft if it was to accidentally hit
you. So, they are using an endoskeleton,
which basically means, you know, they
get bones. The bones are made out of
aluminum. So, that's all very, very
light. And then they've got a covering
around it, which is a lattice structure
kind of covering, which is very, very
soft that fits around there. And then
they they put the the outer garment on
top of it. So, there's another layer. uh
that particular
uh lattice structure may not be
something you can injection mold that
easy. You know, I might be wrong, but I
think the way it's been set up, it's
like it's one of those you just have to
3D print. So there are are and 3D
printing is not necessarily a bad thing
in mass production because some cases
it's the only way you can build the
part. Just ask SpaceX, you know, it's
like the stuff that they're putting in
there, the only way you can do it is you
have to 3D print the part. It's not
something you can do the oldfashioned
way. So is it going to be able to do it
in scale? So this is what they
announced. Um first of all, beautiful
totally different approach, isn't it?
The the approach. So they announced that
they have a NeoActory in California.
&gt;&gt; It's scaling manufacturing was always
the plan. But after receiving 10,000
plus pre-orders in the first 5 days, you
and I both have a pre-order for one of
these. We accelerated everything to
urgently increase production capacity to
fulfill demand. In just three months, we
built America's most vertically
integrated humanoid robot factory right
here in the Bay Area and it's 58,000
square foot factory and they're going to
shoot for 10,000 home robots
um in pretty soon. What's your take on
the progress in the factory?
&gt;&gt; Okay, so uh 10,000 is still a big
number. Um, and I I guess to kind of put
in perspective is that um, so if it gets
down to one every 30 minutes, then
you're you're looking at almost five. I
think I've done kind of the calculation
before. If you're going to get down to
almost like one every 10 minutes based
on different shifts, well, single shift
and to hit that 10,000. So the question
is whether they're they're going to go
two or three shifts to be able to hit
that number, which could be um, you
know, somewhat achievable. If you look
at the size of the factory they have in
there, it looks pretty big. And if
you're looking at where the final
assembly is, they had a lot of bots up
there uh being assembled. So you you're
you're seeing like dozens in the
picture. And the question is, are they
producing dozens per day? So to hit
10,000, it's like about 48 a day.
&gt;&gt; Um and right now, uh figure is doing
like 55 a week. So you you see you need
to have like kind of bump that speed up
a little bit. But um so that's just to
kind of put in perspective. They could
hit it. You know 10 10,000
&gt;&gt; sounds like both a big number but at the
same time when you break it down to like
the number that you would need if if you
could build 48 in one day and that's an
eight hour shift. If you go to like a
double shifts then it's like oh it's a
little bit easier. It means I only have
to pump out about 24 shift. And then
then you're talking about like every 20
minutes, something like that, getting
them out
&gt;&gt; and and they're designed to be so
simple. And I'm going to show the inside
of them, but this is the build 10,000
human robots. Looks like that it plans
to make a 100,000 robots by the end of
2027. So they're saying 10,000
&gt;&gt; this year.
&gt;&gt; That's what they're saying.
&gt;&gt; That's their goal. Yeah. That's that's a
pretty big goal. Yeah. And it looks like
they just stood it up. So they've
already lost the first three months of
the of the year and and wanting to be
able to hit that. So, it'll be
interesting to see what the um the final
numbers are. And again, they they may
have some advantage in that there
there's some simplicity in some ways in
that maybe they're um their actuators
are easier because oh, we don't need
harmonic drives. Uh in many cases,
something like harmonic drives can be
very limiting because the number of
suppliers that are out there and the
number of people who want them and the
number that you need for a bot. So in in
many ways they were probably looking at
like ah you know guess what we we don't
need these these expensive difficult to
source components uh we can and we can
build everything we want on our own.
&gt;&gt; I mean it makes sense. I like that what
they've done here. Take a look at this
um this is like the
&gt;&gt; first kind of look like what's actually
inside the bot and it's nothing.
&gt;&gt; It looks looks like a cat without its
fur. you know, this that kind of thing
is that when when you finally see it
without it, you begin to realize that,
yeah, there's not a whole lot to that
structure and it's very light and then
it's all the padding and everything else
they kind of put on there. But that's
the key to getting it to work is uh the
less amount of mass the the better
chances it has of actually functioning.
So, that's always a problem is how do
you build something that uh is as light
as possible?
And then there we could see that this is
where they're running everything through
a cycle test to make sure that they're
they're functioning right.
&gt;&gt; Their their strategy was like like I
said, you you you make it so simple that
if it falls, it's not going to hurt
people. It's not going to hurt
vulnerable humans, children, people. And
so it can be in the home. It's going to
be safe. They approach it that way.
Smart. Because no one else has done
that, right? Because now the question
is, okay, it goes in a home. It looks
cool. Can it actually do any tasks? Now,
these guys did partner with OpenAI,
but you heard Brett Adcock basically
repeat again. He said, "We initially
partnered with OpenAI, then we fired
them for two reasons. One, he said, of
course, he's going to say this." He
said, "My team is smarter than their
team." I wasn't impressed. But secondly,
he said, "They decided Openai is going
to create their own bots. Why would we
use their thing and train them to do
that? They're competitor now." And so,
we decided to do ourselves. Here's 1X
partnering with OpenAI saying there are
partners.
&gt;&gt; Is there a recent partnership? Because
all I was aware of is that um going way
back maybe four years ago that one of
the maybe series A or something like
that that um I think Open AI invested in
1X when they were still over in in
Norway. I don't know if they followed on
since then or
&gt;&gt; who's the brains of these guys then?
Yeah.
&gt;&gt; Oh, they they have their own. So they
they have their their own internal team
uh that was uh led by Eric Hang. Uh he
recently left the company, but there's
some other people that I know they
recruited in. And you know, a lot of
people recently left Meta. So there's
there's a lot of good researchers in the
Bay Area that have been heavily
recruited by a lot of and I believe OneX
was like uh a recipient of of a couple
of them. They may have been able to
persuade like a person or two to come
over from Deep Mind. So, so they're
that's the reason why they moved from
Norway to the Bay Area. Uh, so they were
doing all the mechanical design over in
Norway when they first had their Evebot.
That was when uh Open AI invested in
them around that time. And then they
came to the Bay Area. They said, "We've
got to be here because this is where the
training is done. This is where we need
to have the AI talent." And they have a
fairly good amount of autonomy. They do
a lot of tea operation for training. And
you can tell up um pretty much you know
remotely in from anywhere in the world.
And this is the one thing I want to
point out. They have stressed repeatedly
repeatedly all the safeguards they have
taken on the teleotic control of their
bot. So it can do a lot of things
autonomously
and if there's an issue you can schedule
to have a tea operator come in with your
permission and approval begin to tea up
the robot. And you can also geoence
areas of the house to make sure the bot
only operates there. So you don't have
to worry about some stranger coming in
and seeing what you know the state of
your house or watering around your house
or something like that. So you do have
full permissions for that. Unfortunately
they they did a very poor job of
communicating that even though I thought
it had been very well communicated to
me. It was not as well communicated I
think to everyone during the
&gt;&gt; So the 10,000 bots that they're going to
create you and I will have in our home.
It could be very likely very likely that
it won't actually have the skills to
create maybe it might have one or two
skills but not too many that's we're
going to find useful but what we'll do
is they will have a tele operator I
don't know how how you feel about that
let's say in my kitchen and this tele
operator is going to wash my dishes
using the bot to do
&gt;&gt; I I have people come into my house all
the time to to fix this and that and
stuff like that.
&gt;&gt; You're okay with it? But in you know
they're training they're using that as
training. So the 10,000 bots are out
there in homes training. So they're not
like worried that it's not yet
autonomous 100%. It's all training. Now
you and I might find it kind of fun to
have something there, but we're not, you
know, that's that's the plan. Um,
&gt;&gt; so just to wrap things up here, this is
the machine that makes the machine. We
just talked about the NeoAC. It they
they make a big deal that they make
everything. the motors, actuators,
tendons, tactile fingers, hands, suit,
battery, packs, all manufactured,
assembled into the final product in
house. It's 58,000 ft, 200 employees.
Fully operational now, they said.
Interesting. 10,000 human or robots per
year of target capacity. The 17,000 Revo
Rev 2 Revo 2 motors already built here,
they power Neo's tendon driven
actuation. You talked about that. It's
very different actuators. 22 degrees of
freedom tendon driven hand. Everything's
tendon driven. They've already received
a 10,000 pre-orders. We talked about it.
U Burnt said assembly is not vertically
integration. So he's basically making
fun of other companies who've assembled
their bots. They say we do everything.
We 1X bends the copper, solders the
phases, pots the stator, and builds the
magnet arrays, raw materials to finish
actuators on our automated line. That is
true vertical integration. Um, then they
showed I I'll play this later, but Dar
who's works at uh 1X said, "I do think
it's kind of fun that everyone is
their pants about how America
can't do actuators and 1X has the
cheapest and most performant actuators
in the world by orders of magnitude.
We're an American company manufacturing
our actuators in house."
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Um, we there are a lot of
companies that also make motors which
are similar to actu Well, actuators are
are motors. They're just smaller uh
ones. Um, so there is already like
American manufacturing that's able to
make that. So it's just sort of
re-industrializing that down to to a
smaller level. The other thing you
the question is like what do you mean by
vertical integration at some point you
have to buy something else. I certainly
hope Burnt isn't buying his roller cross
bearings or he is buying them from
somewhere and he's not building them
themselves. So like there there's a lot
of things like that that you do want to
go to supply base that makes a little
bit more sense in many cases like if you
are have parts that need to be injection
molded a lot of times it makes more
sense to to actually have a third party
do the injection molding for you because
they're experts on that. You just kind
of give them the design and they produce
this parts. What's important is that the
parts that are very critical that you
have control of that and that your
destiny is not determined by the fact
that a supplier is not able to deliver
something to specific sex uh sex uh
specs that you need to have. And again,
I mean, you can always find something.
Are you making your own chips? No. It's
like because there was one scene in
there where I saw them picking up a an
Nvidia chip uh or uh that is going to be
going inside of Neo to be able to do it.
So there's always at some point you've
got to go outside your supply chain.
It's just a question of of how much is
it vertical and and how much are you
actually having to reach up.
&gt;&gt; Okay, I want to play a segment here of
actual B burn Bernage Bernitch himself
talking and I think this was in January
so several months ago when they
announced this. Today we're releasing
the 1x world model. Neo can now turn any
prompt into autonomous action.
But with the world model, Neo can create
unlimited data of itself doing real
world tasks, creating a flywheel that
enables Neo to teach itself anything,
marking a true paradigm shift in AI and
robotics.
thoughts on that?
&gt;&gt; Okay. Yeah, it was interesting when that
came out because uh this is pretty much
when everyone in the valley started
talking a lot more about world models.
Uh and there's been kind of this
paradigm shift of like how how are these
uh vision language action models going
to work? You know, the idea of tying an
LLM into a VLA and they were only able
to get so much out of it. And now
everyone is going more towards the idea
of uh producing a a video which is going
to start showing the actions. Um, and
you know, later on in that video, they
they kind of show the two overlays of
Neo imagining what it's about to do and
then actually doing it and and seeing
it. And this is something that you've
similar kind of things. You've been
seeing a lot of other companies recently
doing something like that. Roa AI is
another one that was kind of working on
the same thing, same kind of idea. And
all of it comes down to everyone saying,
"Oh, we've got to have this really good
um world model where we understand
what's going on and then the system in
the inference part is going to truly be
imagining what the actions are going to
be and then executing the actions based
on that. In some cases, looking at a
couple of possible outcomes of doing
something like, oh, imagine this and
this is like, oh, this one here is the
best one. So that's that's how we're
going to go ahead and do it." So that
they're showing how they are planning to
do autonomy, what they, you know, that
they do have a certain degree of
autonomy, but the home environment is
very chaotic. It's always going to be a
situation where you're going to probably
need someone coming to to tell up around
a particular uh situation, but I'm I'm
pretty sure they'll have a fair amount
of things that will surprise everyone
what it'll be able to do.
&gt;&gt; Beautiful bot. I want to show this, too.
This is the case that they're planning
to send it to you. Gorgeous case. And
then Bert uh was uh interviewed and he
was saying actually uh were debating
internally. Huge debate because the bot
should just be driven by a Whimo. They
said, you know, put in a Whimo. The
Whimo drives it to you autonomously,
comes out of the car and goes into your
door and knocks.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Yeah. Should be delivered,
&gt;&gt; I suppose, in a way, but everyone's just
imagining it's going to have to to get
shipped and maybe with air freight,
depending on where it's going to go. Is
that the safest way or do you literally
want it to be a passenger on the
airplane? You know, it just buys a
ticket, walks on board, sits down
&gt;&gt; if it can. I doubt it can. Well, I guess
they can tolerate it through all the
way, but yeah.
&gt;&gt; Anyways, that's just fun. Beautiful
design. These guys are amazing. 1X. So,
let's talk uh Tesla. We just covered
Figure and they showed you their
factory. They showed you what they're
trying to shoot for. You got the 1X.
They got an in operation now 10,000 uh
bot factory. We're now moving in this
direction. We've not been shown uh
Tesla's Optimus version three. Elon said
that the reason is because we don't want
people to copy us. Uh but uh it looks
like that uh they are certainly on their
way to uh you know uh to building it
now. So this is the latest shots. Thank
you to Joe Techmar of the Optimus
factory. There's one in Fremont that
they're going to convert the lines as
Model S and Model X lines into a 1
million per year factory Optimus bot
line. But then there's is the Optimus
one, North, they called it North Campus
Manufacturing. There's a new permit now.
And it's a new address. This is supposed
to be 10 million. This is the whole
factory. It's massive. So, we're not
talking tiny. We're talking massive. And
here they're already building it. Now,
uh, this is the building permit for the
north campus manufacturing. So, you can
see progress working. Um, so I know that
you've had some, uh, controversial takes
on what you're what's going on with
Tesla. Uh, do you want to just share
what you're thinking?
&gt;&gt; Okay. So, um, that's obviously looking
into the future because there's still a
ways for them to be able to to stand
that whole thing up and then, you know,
fill it with everything. Um the the real
thing is right now is that uh we've got
pretty much you know five US humanoid
companies um Tesla Figure 1X Appronic
and Boston Dynamics and right now it's a
foot race between Tesla Boston Dynamics
and Appronic to be the next one to sort
of show their scaling. Uh and we've
already seen what is like the next
generation Atlas. Um we know Boston is
planning to start scaling that. We don't
know whether we're going to be seeing
that later this year. And uh Appronic
will probably be showing their next
generation also sometime later this
year. So really it's a question of like
who's going to be number three right
now. Um because you know Tesla
um we've been we've been seeing a big
delay on V3. Uh I think there was a lot
of disappointment that we had a lot of
hope of being able to see it for for
like almost 15 months now. I mean, if
you remember, this is almost the second
V3. The first V3 was supposed to be uh
end of I think 2024
was the original one and then we were
kind of hoping maybe by the end of 2025
and then first quarter of this year and
we haven't seen it. And so right now the
timeline seems to be late in the summer.
I think it's going to be much later than
that because a lot of things don't line
up, especially if you look at at at the
main rationale. So that the main
rationale is that the frame by frame
analysis that competitors do to copy
their design. And we saw another example
of that last week of um uh Xiai with
their Cyber One robot that looks like a
cross between Optimus and and the
Figurebot. For the most part, the
kinematics are almost identical to
Optimus um with like a lot of soft
padding that is very reminiscent of what
you see on Figure 3. So, you know, it's
understandable that if they've got any
new tricks up their sleeve as far as how
they're doing certain things, they
probably would not want those to be
revealed or seen. Um, that said, based
on the book that we have, the whole
thing is kind of behind the skin. Like
for instance, I've had a hard time
telling anyone what's on the inside of
Neo because it's always covered up. I
wasn't sure what kind of hip design it
was. I mean, that's the first time we've
actually been able to see what the Neo
frame looks like. Um, Optimus has been a
little bit more obvious because
everything has been way more exposed
where the actuators are. But if the next
generation is going to really be a man
in a suit, then it will be very very
difficult to intuit it on exactly how
they're doing it. Now, maybe you can do
a little bit by looking at where certain
bulges are, way the move movements might
be. Um so I understand that degree of
the concern but a lot of it is that uh
whether the the bot is really ready for
for scale at this point whether the
supply chain is able to provide
everything that they need. Um and
the this idea that the SNX line is kind
of what's holding it up. uh I haven't
bought that excuse because if you have a
product that you believe is going to be
one of the most important products of
all time um then you just start plan to
have your the space that you need to
start manufacturing it and if a lot of
it comes down to the SNX line I mean
it's like those should be completely
independent separate solutions either
you still need the SNX or you have
decided a long time ago that the S it
was time to to get rid of the SNX and it
seemed to be holding on a little bit and
then they've got to tear down a line
before you could even start building it.
So th those these are some of the other
delays that are on there. Um I think
part of it is that the the program is
having um probably more problems right
now than we able than Tesla is probably
willing to admit. That's that's what it
feels like to me because the the delays
kind of happened and if things were
imminent we would have been given the
signals of it sooner because everyone
was saying hey it's the end of the first
quarter when are we going to see it when
we see it and then it's like only now it
kind of dripples out and like it's
probably the fall at this so the
question is who's next version bot do we
see next is it going to be Tesla is it
going to be upon who's who's going to
show us scale next is it going to be
Tesla is it going to be upon or is it
going to be Boston Dynamics right now
it's it's a fight for third place.
&gt;&gt; Sure. Uh in terms of who's going to show
us what they're doing.
&gt;&gt; So, you know, first of all, totally
agree that you cannot trust um Elon's
credibility in terms of when he says
there is a you know, whatever date he's
makes statements that he's trying to
shoot for for company objectives,
doesn't mean that that's what they're
going to be able to achieve. He's always
trying to shoot for the moon, which is a
great great thing to do. Uh so when he
says we're going to have a million
whatever how many bots per end of the
year, we can't believe that and he's
been
be careful is there have been some of
these kind of public statements that I I
will credit I I will say that have been
exaggerated because they're going to
build they're building a line with a
production capacity of a million bucks.
Okay.
&gt;&gt; And you know agility built a factory
with a potential output of of 10,000. I
don't think they've hit that yet. So,
it's one thing to say you you've got
something with that capacity. The other
thing it's going to be there.
Unfortunately, you were seeing a lot of
people saying, "Oh, there's going to be
a million optimists at the end." Elon
made Elon multiple times over the past
couple months that the ramp is going to
be very, very slow. And no one wanted to
hear that. They I mean, and I was
hearing it and I was letting everyone
know that ain't going to happen. and
you're not going to have a million at
the end of the year because even Elon's
admitting that the initial ramp is going
to be slow to the point that he was very
optimistic a year ago that he could
actually give a number in an earnings
call to now in the earnings call saying
it is literally impossible to predict
what it's going to be because there's
all these so many different moving parts
and everything else that kind of go
there to putting together that he right
now is reluctant to it and just said
it's going to be slow. So that means do
not expect more than a couple of
thousand at the end of the year. You
will not see 10,000 optimized in by the
end of December. At best it will be a
couple of thousand.
&gt;&gt; Okay. Well, that that's your number, but
yeah. So,
&gt;&gt; and yeah, and and I'm going to stick by
it. I'm going to stick by it. And I've
got a lot of push back from a lot of
people recently. And the thing is like,
okay, show me where you think that's
coming from. actually the only said is
what I want to say is this is that yes I
totally agree that you cannot trust what
Elon is saying at this point in terms of
timelines because he's been wrong so
many times this time he says I cannot
it's impossible for me to give you a
number so that's at least you know thank
you appreciate you actually
&gt;&gt; but it's a sign of what you're saying
but the other push back would be that if
you look at where a company spending
their money Tesla does not and imagine
the amount of money that Tesla will have
leaving there for a factory. Now, we're
not saying the entire factory is going
to be devoid of Model S and X and it'll
be sitting there empty and they're only
going to produce 2,000 humanoid robots
by the end of this year, but it is still
a thing to think about, okay? If you're
going to put that much money on a
factory and and look what we just showed
you, you're they're building you a 10
million per unit per line that is
probably not when I said it's going to
be two three years from now. I had a lot
of experts tell me no, it's going to be
up and running sooner than like a year,
two years from now, not three or five
years from now. So if you split this
much amount of money in that big of a
facility and you're only going to do
10,000 robots a year, you are bleeding
money just like he did before, you're
trying to get the production level to be
at scale as fast as possible when you're
when you've got a factory already up and
running. And so there's that that you
got to look at where they're spending
the money. And if they're spending the
money, then we're expecting that to come
out. Elon would not want to spend that
money. Otherwise, he'll postpone
everything in terms of spend by two
years if that's the case.
&gt;&gt; So, part of it is that
&gt;&gt; that building takes a little while to
stand up. So, they're hoping by the time
that building is ready to be populated
that they've got enough learnings that
they probably will be gen four or maybe
even gen five at that point because he's
he's talked about the iterations. So,
I'm pretty sure his statements have
been, "No, we're not going to be doing
10 million of gen 3. That's not that's
not going to happen. It's going to be a
different gen." Yeah, it's going to be
gen four, potentially gen five,
depending upon how how quickly they're
able to iterate. And that you the the
thing is you don't build a line with a
capacity of a million until you learn
how to to actually build like 10,000. So
I mean first you have you have to build
thousands and then learn how to do
10,000s then 100 and then then
&gt;&gt; well that's what this is. I think the
Fremont factory I had I told you this is
that I think the reason they're doing
that because I know one statement you've
made in the past or just recently is
that why do the Fremont one and I'm like
well of well this is where they
engineers live and so they want to build
it there just like they did the Model S
there first before they built it
everywhere else the Model Y in fac in
tents. So this is what they're doing.
They want it there. It's probably is the
5 to 10,000 line. He calls it a 1
million line but it probably is the tens
of thousands. It's a 10,000. And so if
you can figure out how to do 10,000,
then maybe you duplicate that line a few
times and then you can start.
&gt;&gt; It's not really a line, right? You said
&gt;&gt; earlier, it's not there's not going to
be a line that produces a million. What
there's going to be is there's going to
be a factory with a capacity of an
output of a million and you can only do
that with with multiple lines.
&gt;&gt; So I mean, they're going to learn fast,
but you know, anyway, so the the thing
about Elon and Tesla is always slow
slow. Uh Whimo has 3,000 cars already
out there. Uh lots of companies are
showing you I can get a car out there
and look at all the LAR stuff. Why?
Because they're, you know, they're
they're crutches. And then then who's
the one that's actually going to produce
millions at a time? So whether or not
this turns out to be the case, whether
or not the other robot companies are
able to build 10,000, 100,000, a million
talent before Tesla can do a million.
&gt;&gt; Maybe that's the question. Yeah.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. And part of it could also be how
vertically integrated they're going to
be because again there's a lot of
critical components that go into the bot
that right now you can only source from
the supply chain and the supply chain
has a very small number of those things
and those are the things that are are
sort of limiting the capacity and why
you could not build a million optimize
right now even if you had your line set
up because you can't bring them in.
question is how much of is that are they
going to decide to source internally now
they say that's it we're not going to go
we're going to start producing these
high precision components internally
&gt;&gt; which you and I have guessed that
probably correctly
&gt;&gt; yeah but the thing is you need the
specialized equipment for that and the
specialized equipment for that takes a
while as well so we all know what it you
know how long it takes to get get a giga
press okay it's not something you can
just order and have it tomorrow there's
a very long lead time and it's the same
thing with these CNC machines is you
don't need one. You are going to need a
lot of them and there's no one in the
world that can even produce those CNC
machines yet. So that means there's a
long lead up before you're able to do
that. And right now we don't know what
we can guess what the critical component
is. Uh it depends on what the final
design is uh for V3 and that's about it.
But I'm not sure what that what that
number is and it it could be the
planetary roller screws that that that's
going to be uh what limits the numbers
for now. But again, it depends upon the
final design.
&gt;&gt; Well, that's my theory is that just as
you heard Elon say, hey, I need, you
know, tens of millions of chips.
Therefore, I'm going to have to build
new chips myself. Let's go and build
terra fabs. In the same way, if I'm
expecting to build tens of millions of
human robots, and I'm going to need 400
million actuators for those tens of
millions of robots. Uh,
&gt;&gt; and those actuators are also made up of
that, you know, just count like the
number of ball bearings that are in
there is very, very, very high. that you
need to have.
&gt;&gt; I'm pretty sure they're gonna have to
make that. That's what why it's been
delayed.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Yeah.
&gt;&gt; But
&gt;&gt; there's no doubt it's been delayed.
&gt;&gt; But I'm not as worried in the sense that
um what matters is if the if it's the
delay, I think they're building the
25,000 human robots for training. That's
what the concern would be. If
everything's delayed that they can't get
the 25,000 human or robots required for
training, then everything becomes
delayed. Thank you, Scott. That was
great. We covered Figure 1X, a little
bit of uh Tesla here, and this is it.
The race is on. Um it's fun, isn't it?
Here we are. Ulaining
saying,
&gt;&gt; "These bots are just fake." And then now
they're being made and now the debate
is, "Yeah, but it's only 10,000. Who
cares?"
&gt;&gt; You know,
God, baby steps. Everything takes steps,
but we're moving forward. And uh there's
less and less debate whether or not
they're actually going to be useful.
Still being debated.
&gt;&gt; We're still going to find out. We're not
100% sure yet, but becoming more clear
that it's less likely more likely that
they will be useful at this point.
&gt;&gt; I believe so.
&gt;&gt; Thank you so much. Thanks, Scott.
&gt;&gt; You're welcome, Herbert.
&gt;&gt; Yep.
&gt;&gt; I've created a website that is the most
comprehensive resource for the Tesla
investor. Please check it out. So simply
go to my website at herbalm.com.