Channel:     investingagainstthegrain
Title:       Why They Say You Can’t Beat the S&P 500 & My New Trades
URL:         https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s7HYZbLVuRo
Published:   2026-09-21 00:00 UTC
Fetched:     2026-09-21 04:00 UTC

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

I think you've been lied to your entire
life. And today, I'm going to take you
behind the curtains and show you how I
look at finances, how I look at the
financial markets through my eyes. And
many people think that in order to trade
options the way I do, you need to have
millions of dollars, hundreds of
thousands of dollars. Well, today I'm
going to prove everybody wrong with the
help of a couple of friends. And this
week's going to get very interesting.
Things in Iran are heating up, but
there's also a glimmer of hope for
peace. And finally, with all the chaos
behind us, but more chaos ahead of us,
what stocks am I starting to trade? I
think this might surprise you. Let's
discuss.
&gt;&gt; You're crazy.
&gt;&gt; This past week, Fed Chairman Kevin Worsh
announced rate hikes for the first time
in 3 years. We are going from 3.75% up
to 4%. And this was a unanimous decision
by the FOMC. As many of you know, Trump
did respond to this by saying, "What
could Kevin do?" Told him to go ahead
and vote with everyone else because he
doesn't have the votes. He's one person.
This is the first time in 3 years that
we've seen this. The last time we saw
this was 2022 and actually at the end of
2021 and it went into 2022 and into 2023
and we had a bit of a recession there. I
know the history books will eventually
correct this. It was a recession and we
were in a recession for about 9 to 10
months and then we came out of it. Now
that was from January to October where
the stock market just essentially went
straight down. You can go take a look at
on chart. Not making this up. You can go
look at the whole GDP. Go look
definition of of a recession. I'm not
making this up. But this is the first
time we're here in 3 years. So what do
we do from here? And how should you be
thinking about things? And I thought
this would be a good time to really show
you guys how I truly look at the
markets, how I look at finances, and why
I believe the vast majority of people
are lied to from the day they enter the
system. Actually, before that, when they
enter school, there's a reason we don't
educate people about financial literacy.
There's a reason for that. It's all
designed and most people won't talk
about it. People don't want to point it
out, but it's true. It's intentional and
it happens for a reason. So, let's start
off by talking about everything I heard
this past week after the Fed chairman
announced that they are raising rates.
We had Goldman Sachs, JP Morgan, we had
people on Bloomberg left and right
coming on, people on CNBC coming on, Fox
Business, everyone and their mother were
coming out of the woodworks after he
rose rates on Thursday saying that we
didn't have to do it, that we shouldn't
have done it, that he was going to do
it, but we shouldn't have. It's funny
because I didn't hear anyone saying that
prior. Well, maybe one person, you know,
one one person I I heard saying this
over and over. And why why was that my
take? Why was my take? And why are these
people also agreeing by the way? Even if
it's after the fact, even if they didn't
have courage beforehand. Not say I'm the
only person in the world who said it.
There was a couple other people, but
most people were silent. But why? Well,
because this is this is as this is on
the back of trying to fight inflation.
And if you look at the inflation we
have, it's supply side inflation due to
energy prices. In fact, if you chart out
oil prices and the 10-year bonds, you'll
see they are tick for tick. And that is
why we have inflation right now. But
it's supply side inflation. It's trans
transitory inflation. And when it's that
type of inflation, no matter what we
have when it comes to the the rates
being being increased, it's not going to
help it. Raising by 25 bips or basis
points is not going to reopen the
straight of hormones. It's not going to
create peace between Iran, the Gulf
States, and the United States. It's not
going to magically bring data centers
online and help uh help Nvidia and
Micron create more fabs. And I'm
checking here right now to see what the
market's doing. So, we keep things as
lively as we can and as on time as
possible. Uh but it's not going to help
any of that. And so, the inflation that
we have is transitory and it's not
something that's really going to to be
affected by raising rates. By the way,
markets are slightly up right now in the
pre-markets and let's see what oil is
doing. You'll see why this is important
in a little bit. Oil is slightly up.
Okay, we're going to talk about oil a
lot in a little bit. Okay, so so they
raised rates and I think it was a
mistake, but regardless of what I think,
they did it. So, we got to live with it.
Now, the lie that you get fed constantly
is that this market is overpriced. That
this market is overheating. That's
expensive. Okay. Well, take a look at
this. Did you know that the market's
actually cheaper now than it was at the
end of 2025? And if you remember 2025
was a great time. Everything was set to
at all-time highs. But right now, we're
actually cheaper than we were then. Even
though the S&amp;P 500 is much higher. Why
is that? Well, the reason is we have
crazy amount of earnings. You see, the
earnings have allowed for the multiples
to compress. It means that the companies
grew into their earnings. That's a very
big deal. So, at the end of 2025, we
were at 22 times forward earnings. Now,
we're at 19.1. This is actually the
historic average for the S&amp;P 500. So,
not only are we not expensive, we are
average. But this is not something
you're going to see on normal financial
TV. You're not going to see on CNBC.
You're not going to see on Bloomber.
You're not going to see on Fox Fox
Business. They're just not going to
cover it. But why is that? Well, the
reason is they want to keep you in a
certain bubble. in this bubble that
they've created is the same reason why
they don't teach financial literacy in
schools. You know, that's why they teach
you that you need to have credit. You
must have credit. I'm not saying
credit's bad, but they tell you you have
to have it. And they encourage people to
go get credit cards, but they don't
teach people how to use credit cards
responsibly. They teach people how to
get credit and get credit cards before
they ever teach anybody about what a
stock market is. In fact, all you're
told is when you graduate from college,
because you don't really get any
financial literacy in there. Even if
you're in your degree is in finance, you
still don't get any proper financial
literacy. But all you get told is, "Hey,
open up your 401k, invest in there, max
it out, work until you're 60 years old,
and then quit and retire and live your
life, and you're going to be happily
ever after." Right? That's that's the
bubble they want you in. That's the lie
they want you in. But they don't just do
that. They pack it on with other things.
So, take a look at this. They tell you
that you can't beat the S&amp;P 500. They
tell you you can't. Now, many of you
might believe it. In fact, many of you
might throw some Warren Buffett quotes
at me and I'll push back because Warren
Buffett didn't actually say you can't
beat the S&amp;P 500. He essentially said
that if you don't want to do the
research, if you don't want to learn, if
you don't want to invest the time, then
you're better off just investing the S&amp;P
500. And I agree with that. But these
are also the same people him and Munger
that said diversification is a hedge
against ignorance. I could not agree
with that more. The first episode I ever
made on YouTube was that was talking
about two people that I idolize, Buffett
and Munger, who said such a profoundly
contrarian statement. Diversification is
a hedge against ignorance. Who else says
this? Drunken Miller, he also says it.
Ron Baron, he says it. Funny how all the
really successful people that aren't
constantly going on CNBC commentating
are the ones who say this. Now, the
reason they tell you to go in the S&amp;P
500 is because they want you to think
that you can't beat the market. They
want you to think that you're better off
putting your money in there because it's
a fool's errand to try and beat it. In
fact, most funds don't beat the S&amp;P 500.
Well, that's a whole different
conversation we can have another time.
But the point that I'm trying to drive
home is that they're trying to tell you
that you can't do something before you
even tried. They're telling you don't
even attempt. Just go ahead and play
this game. Invest in the S&amp;P 500. Now,
we'll talk about that in a second. But
what else do they tell you? They tell
you don't invest your own money. Don't
be a self-directed investor. That that's
a fool's errand as well. They tell you
don't pick so stocks. That's dangerous.
Don't pick stocks. You can't do it.
You're going to you're going to blow
yourself up. You can't do it. It's
gambling. If you pick stocks, they tell
you that options are gambling. Actually,
they tell you options are gambling. If
you're playing with options, if you're
investing with options, you're just
gambling. You're throwing your money
away. They tell you that uh time in the
market beats timing in the market to a
degree. I could agree with this, but
this also lacks a lot of nuance. They
tell you to max out your 401k and forget
your password. Right? You constantly
hear this whole story that the best
investors are the ones who are dead when
we look at the 401k because they didn't
do anything. They didn't touch it. All
right? They also say buy and hold is the
only strategy that works. In fact, I
hear a lot of that in the Tesla
community. Yeah, I'm gonna ruffle a lot
of feathers today. And I adamantly
disagree with this. I think it's
actually borderline foolish to do that
if you're willing to learn and put in
the work. They tell you not to look at
your investments. This one really irks
me. They tell you don't look at your
portfolio. Don't look at it every day.
Don't don't constantly track it. That
you'll get too emotional. You'll get
your adrenaline up. You'll get your
cortisol levels up. I think that's
foolish. Fees are the only thing you can
control. So you can only control how
much you pay. So your only decision that
you have is to find the cheapest, most
affordable index to invest in. That's
all you can control. Everything else is
out of your control. So just give up.
Don't even try. And then they tell you
to stay fully invested no matter what.
Again, another thing that I think is a
big mistake. Now, these are all things
that you may or may not agree. Maybe one
or two of these you actually agree with.
Maybe you don't agree with any. Maybe
you agree with all of them. But I would
ask, why do you think that? Think back
to it. What act who or what experience
do you have that's actually led you to
believe that all these are right? I can
quickly dispel each of this. You can't
beat the S&amp;P 500. Sure you can. Go ahead
and invest all your money into the top 7
8 9 100 stocks in in the S&amp;P 500 or in
the NASDAQ. You'll beat the S&amp;P 500 all
day every day. Very easy. There's
actually funds out there that do this.
Very easy. Options are gambling.
Interesting. They can be just like
anything else can be. But if you know
that there's another side to options,
you would know that's not gambling. If
you understand that actually options
could be less gambling than even owning
the stock. Do you know your
probabilities? I bet you can't tell me
the probability of a stock going up or
down for you. I can tell you every
single probability of an option. In
fact, people who take take my course,
they know the probabilities of every
single option that they've ever placed,
but you probably don't even know the
probabilities of the stock that you own.
What about don't invest your own money.
Okay. Well, this is just essentially
telling someone else, hey, you can't
invest your own money, so give me your
money. Let me invest it. I'll do it. I'm
the professional. Look at my
certifications. I went to school,
degree, MBA, finance. I'm the guy. Look
at the company I work for. That
obviously gives me street credit, right?
Obviously, don't do it yourself. Pay
someone else to do it. Does that make
any sense? Time in the market beats time
in the market. Okay. To agree. To a
degree, sure. But if you could have
understood how interest rates work and
how rate hike cycles work and been able
to, I don't know, maybe sell some
covered calls against your portfolio
before 2022. Yeah, that would have beat
just being in the market. Yeah, pretty
simple. What about buy and hold is the
only strategy that works? I'm living
proof it's not. All my clients are
living proof that it's not. It is not
the only strategy that works. By far,
it's not the only strategy that works.
Don't look at it. This is by far the
dumbest one. To not look at your own
money, the thing that you're going to
work for every single day so that you
can provide for your family. The thing
that's going to be the security blanket
for your family in case something
happens, the the thing that if you have
a charge that was unexpected or if you
have a a investment that is going south
on you or just anything like that's
insane. That's insane to not look at it,
to not know where you're at. In fact, I
would disagree. I would say you need to
look at it every day. It is financial uh
suicide to not look at your your
investments every day. Understand where
you're at. That's that's insane to me.
Fees are the only things you can
control. Well, we're about to learn how
that's not true. And to stay fully
invested no matter what. I don't agree
with this either. I think having cash is
extremely powerful to allow you to have
opportunity. Let's let's take a look at
the breakdown with all this brainwashing
and all this illiteracy that they want
to make sure people don't understand
finances and you'll hear people
politicians everyone say that we need to
help people understand finances. We need
to help people understand uh h how to
invest properly. There's a certain
degree where the onus is completely on
the individual because at this point
there's no excuses. If you want to learn
about money, you just type anything on
YouTube, you're going to have a million
things come up. Yeah, sure, some of it
may not be good, but honestly, most of
it is going to be pretty good. The vast
majority of it is going to have some
pretty good discipline, uh, and good
advice, you know, like pay off your
credit cards, try to get out of debt,
uh, you know, make sure the amount of
house you buy isn't going to put
yourself in strain, uh, make sure you
don't, you know, get a whole bunch of
car loans that you can't afford. Have a
little bit of safety net of money,
investor money, right? There's a lot of
good advice out there. How much of that
actually trickles out? like how how many
people are actually actionable about it?
Well, let's take a look. So, this is
where things get maybe a little sad or
maybe a little eye opening. In the
United States, people who own stocks or
any stocks through a 401k is about 166
million people. That's pretty good.
That's 62% of all US adults. That's
that's actually probably more than what
you thought it would have been. Now, 62%
still means there's 38% of US people of
the population that do not invest at
all. not even in a 401k. Now, outside of
a 401k, we've got about 91 million
people or 34% of US adults. That's
actually also a little higher than what
I would have thought. So, that means no
401k. Inside of 401k, we got 70 million
people and that's having at least $1
invested obviously. Now, 91 million of
adults have a brokerage or something
outside of 401k where they're investing
again where they're at least buying one
share. So, opening up a Robin Hood uh
brokerage and buying $5 worth of Lucid,
shots fired, right? Buying $5 worth of
Lucid, that counts in this number. But
then we get down to trade options. Did
you know only 5.3 million people trade
options? That's then this statistic is
about that this means have at least
bought or placed one trade. That's it.
And that's 2% of US adults. Now, what
I'm about to show you is going to be
even crazier. Look down below this. Of
that 2%, did you know that 87% of those
options that people traded were buying
options and only 13% were selling? Of
that 2% of adults, only 2% were selling.
That's what we're talking about here.
What I teach, what I talk about is so
niche, so small that only 2% of people
just touch options period. And of that
2%, only 13% ever sell options. Why do
you think that might be? Again, all of
this is, in my opinion, to funnel people
into certain pockets. It's hard to trust
an industry that is telling you, "You
can't do it. Don't try it." Yet at the
same time saying, "Give it to me. I can
do it. I'll manage your money. I can do
it." Well, right? So, it's like, if they
can do it, why can't you do it? If it's
so complicated and so hard, then why is
it that people like me and my clients
are able to do so well? Why is it that
someone like would go extreme like Elon
who invests extremely simple is able to
do so well? How is it like someone like
like Bobby who you might have seen on X,
he's able to do so well? All you need,
as Warren Buffett said, is a handful of
really good investments in your lifetime
and you can be financially secure. You
can be financially independent. Instead,
we've got people telling you you can't
do it. You must invest in index fund
because it's passive. Meanwhile, let's
remember these passive indexes actually
have fund managers and these passive
indexes actually rebalance frequently.
And so this passive index, this whole
narrative is a bit of an oxymoron. The
passive is actually a a sheet being put
over your eyes so you don't see who the
actual fund managers are. The only
difference is you can't complain to the
actual fund manager. And they do this on
purpose. And there's a reason why
there's so many of these instruments out
there. There's actually more of these
instruments out there than there are
stocks in the S&amp;P 500. Isn't that kind
of insane? It's a business. At the end
of the day, if someone's telling you you
can't do something before you ever try,
you have to have red flags come up. Why?
Why is that? Why are you telling me I
can't do something? I've always been
told you can do anything you put your
mind to. And you're telling me you can
do it, so why can't I do it? We all went
to college or most of us went to
college. Some of you were smart. Maybe
you didn't go. But I think most of us
have probably seen that you don't learn
how to do a job in college. So it's not
like you went to college and got some
special learnings that really taught you
how to do anything. Look, I graduated as
an engineer. I didn't learn how to be an
engineer in college. I learned how to be
an engineer out in practice. I didn't
learn how to invest, how to trade by
going to college. I learned by doing it,
doing the job. You don't become an
amazing surgeon by going to college. No,
I mean, don't me wrong, you got to
practice and all that. Maybe doctors are
a little bit of an exception because
they don't just go to college, they have
residency. They actually have go they go
out there and they get they get I forget
what they get placed, right? They get
placed at certain hospitals. They go and
they train and they actually have kind
of like realworld experience before they
become full-fledged doctors that are
practicing on their own. So they
actually go out and work. They do the
thing. They're not just in there reading
books. And so you got to understand if
the people are telling you you can't do
it, you got to wonder what's their
incentive. They get paid to manage your
money. So they're never going to tell
you you can do it. It's like going to a
car dealership. Do you really think the
car dealers can tell you you don't need
that car? You think that the dealer is
going to tell you, the salesman at the
dealership is going to tell you you
don't need that car, man. You look at
your bills. You don't don't do it. Don't
get overextended. Go home. Just save. Go
invest your money. No, he's not going to
say that. It's going to tell you you
would look really good in this car. it
it actually fits you. And with your
family, this would be perfect. Imagine
the road trips you could take. Oh my
goodness, right? They're going to try to
sell you on the vision, on the dream.
So, let's let's talk like if if I'm
telling you this, I understand the
skepticism around this, especially when
I sit here. You guys are probably like,
"Well, Nick, your incentive is that you
want people to take your course. You
want people to take your options crash
course. You want people to take your
zero day course." Truth is, no, I don't.
I want you to take it if you want to
learn this. That's the truth. I don't
charge a lot of money for this. I do
this as a philanthropic thing. I want to
be the Dave Ramsey for people who
actually have a good amount of money
invested, a good amount of money saved
up, people who are retired, who want to
have a little extra alpha. That's what I
do this for. I love this stuff. I could
talk about this all day. I use the
example frequently just like Michael
Jordan, LeBron James, and Steph Curry
all have basketball camps. Cristiano
Ronaldo has a soccer camp just like they
do that. They don't do it because
they're trying to make money. They're
doing it for the love of the game. Now,
yes, I charge for it because it's still
a business at the end of the day.
Cristiano charges for his clinic. Jordan
charges for the UNCC basketball camp.
Back when I used to go, it' be $500
every single year. So, yes, of course,
right? You got to gate things somehow.
And you want to make sure that people
who are coming are actually ready and
going to show up and want to learn, not
going to be disruptive, right? But if
you're not ready for it, I don't want
you to show up. But if you are ready for
it, I want to show you something here
because it is for everybody. And I'm
about to prove that. You don't have to
be a multi-millionaire. You don't have
to be a multiund,000 a year. You don't
have to have a lot of money at all. And
I'm going to prove it thanks to two
really amazing one-on-one students I
have. So, take a look at this. This is
what you guys have probably seen me
share a few times. This is from Lori.
I've talked about her a couple times,
and this is her current year to date
since she started trading. Now, she
started trading about two months ago
now, and she's up $195,000.
She's got a year-to-ate win rate of
98.7, and you can see how many trades
she's placed. Okay, so year to date, her
gain on her net lick is net liquidity is
21.74%.
And that's just the money she has in her
trading account, right? So, she's
crushing it to say the least. Now, her
and her husband Ker, both of them are
crushing it, by the way. They have been
talking about this with their family and
their friends. In fact, they enjoyed the
course and they found such good ROI on
it. They had their son join the course
as well and now he's trading as well.
But many of you might be thinking,
"Okay, but Nick, clearly they have a lot
of money." And yeah, they're not broke.
No doubt about that. They're not trading
with all their money either, right? They
have a they have a nice account that
they're trading with. But they were
getting annoyed with this question and
this this accusation that the only
reason it works is because they have
money and they have a good amount of
money. And so they set out on a quest to
prove the naysayers wrong. And they
wanted me to share this with you. What
they did is they created what they
called their small account. Lori and
Kurt, they decided that they wanted to
prove the naysayers wrong. And so they
created new Tasty Trade accounts where
they were they where they put $20,000 in
there. Just $20,000. and they decided we
are going to prove to everybody else
that this is doable no matter what your
account size is. And so they started
trading in that. Again, this is I think
they started in August. So they started
trading that and here are the results.
So for Lori, you can see here uh this
was so far for September. In September,
she's won 100% of her trades. She's done
35 total trades. She's made 3.5% of her
net liquidity and her P&amp;L is 600 uh
$676.
Let's look at her year to date in that
same account cuz like I said, I think
she started in August. So, since August,
she's she's also she's yearto is up 100%
still. She's up 87 uh she's won 87 of
her trades. She's up year to date $1,737
uh and her net gain to against her
liquidity is 7.99%. So when I tell you
guys 1 to4% per month, you can see even
with a $20,000 account, she's making
3.5% so far for the month of September
and for with August and September so
far, so month and a half, she's up 8%.
Proof is in the pudding. Take a look.
Look at this. This is Curts. Okay,
here's Curts. In fact, he had a whole
message here. He said, "Hi, Nick. I just
wanted to update you on the progress
I've had with my small trading account
that was initially funded with only 20K.
This is where the account stands in less
than 2 months of trading. I believe it
demonstrates that anyone can be highly
successful trading in terms of winning
percentage and percent gain of net
liquidity. Regardless of account size,
I'll say that again, regardless of
account size. Lori and I both took on
trading in small accounts to prove that
the I A method, investing against the
grain method for options trading is not
guesswork, is not risky, and is not
simply luck. We both are so appreciative
of the community you have built and for
teaching us the skill set. Always want
to share your our appreciation for
Daniel in the IEG journal as well. I
wouldn't want to trade without it. If
you guys are wondering these
screenshots, everything been showing
when I do my trade reviews. That's the
IEG journal. You can find a link for
that below. But let's take a look at how
Kurt's been doing. Kurt, just like his
wife, just like Lori, 100% win rate year
to date, 2275,
right? He's crushing it. They both are.
And they're doing this in a small
account. This is what's possible when
you have proper mechanics, proper
discipline. This is what they say you
can't do. Now, mind you, they haven't
had to sell any shares to do this. They
don't have to sell shares to do this at
all. They get to benefit from their
accounts growing, their Tesla growing.
If they have Nvidia, if they have
Palanteer, if they have Marvel, if they
have Sandis, whatever they have, they
get to watch that build while trading
around it. That's the beauty of this.
That's the power of this. This is why I
tend to say anyone who has $50 to
$100,000, you're a good fit for the
course. But the idea is to help you
learn how to make 1 to 4% each month.
Now, this is what they say you can't do.
They tell you you can't beat the S&amp;P
500. Well, let me give you a little
scenario where you could easily beat the
S&amp;P 500. If I put all my money into just
the S&amp;P 500 and all I did was trade
around that portfolio, I just beat the
S&amp;P 500. Isn't that kind of crazy? So,
this is why I say like this brainwashing
makes no sense. The 401k, another great
example. Look, many of you, if you're
watching this, you're going to be very
wealthy. You're going to be It's really
hard to listen to my my backwards hat
per what I'm trying not to insult
myself. I don't want to get demonetized,
but some fool on the internet with a
backwards hat to listen to me and what I
talk about. Eventually, you're going to
take the course. Eventually, you're
going to learn. Eventually, you be like,
"Oh crap, what did I wait for? He's not
BSing us." And you're going to be able
to learn how to be capital efficient.
Eventually, Tesla's going to go up.
Eventually, Nvidia is going to go up.
Eventually, your portfolio is going to
go up and you're going to learn how to
generate a lot of profit off of your
portfolio without having to sell your
shares. And guess what? The bigger that
portfolio gets, the bigger that 1 to 4%
is. So, it is my guess that most of you
will be maxing out the the tax rate. I'm
guessing most of you will be in the
highest tax rate one way or another. And
the truth is once you learn how to do
this, you're not going to stop. So, this
is why I don't like 401ks. Personally, I
believe in 401ks up to a company's
match. After that, I personally would
not put a single dime in there. Why?
Well, what's the point to tie up my
money? I'm eventually going to have to
pay taxes on it anyways, right? When I
when I withdraw it. So, one way or
another, I'll have to pay taxes on it.
Now, people will say, "Oh, but you'll be
in a lower tax bracket." No, I'm not. I
hope you don't plan on being a lower tax
bracket either. I hope you're in a 37
plus% tax bracket for the rest of your
life. That's the goal. That's what I
want to teach you how to do. That's the
whole point. And so if that's the point
and you're going to be in the highest
tax bracket no matter what, what's the
point of investing a 401k? Now again, if
you get a match, okay, that makes sense.
Max out the match. That's free money. I
would never tell you to not take free
money. But beyond that, to me, it's
pointless. So So is it just K? Is it
just Lori? Well, no. They also got their
son involved. Okay. Like look at this
message from Lori. She said, "The
returns we've seen on your course fees
is mind-blowing. I'm so grateful you
took the time to teach my husband, my
son, and me how to fish. And I said to
her, I'm only as good as the students.
You are all amazing. I can show you the
way. I can teach you how to fish. I can
teach you how to how to put put the the
bait on the hook. I can teach you how to
properly cast. I can tell you how to
reel it in. I can tell you how to be
patient. I can tell you how to clean up
the fish. I can teach you everything. I
can't make you do it. I can't make you
be disciplined. I can't make you show up
in the morning. I can't do that for you.
That's up to you. But if you can do
that, then you're going to have great
results just like them. And it's not
just them. Take a look at this. This is
John. Nick, you have no idea how you
have helped me in my retirement years.
Setting up the one the one-on-one
setting up the one-on-one soon. I'm so
excited for my future years. Thanks to
your class. I've even taken it twice. Uh
think Italian from New York, but hitting
on all cylinders. Thanks for your class.
He's crushing it. He's doing amazing.
Look at this. Tesla Tesla thinker here
says, "Hi, Nick. had an awesome August.
Thank you. Thanks for the learning. Uh,
thanks for learning me how to fish. Now,
back to zero. What's he talking about?
So, here he is. And this was his August.
He made $6,000. He crushed it. This is
his first month. 90.5% win rate on his
trades. And now he's back to zero.
Meaning, we're going to September. Every
month you go back to zero. You start
from scratch. We don't care what you did
in August. September has to stand on its
own every time. It's not just Tesla
Thinker. Look at Gio. Gio said, "Place
my first ever trade." exactly one month
ago on the 18th of August. Still can't
believe this is real and possible
sometimes. Can't thank you. Thank you
and the IG team enough, bro. He made
5,300 in his first month. Look at that.
4.8% year-to- date on his net liquidity.
What I tell you? 1 to 4% is
conservative. So, why do I harp on this?
Because I'm not here to just talk about
Tesla. I'm not here just to talk about
the markets. I'm not here just to talk
about what's going to happen with Iran
and oil and all that. We're going to get
to that. I'm going to talk to you about
what I'm doing right now for trades, but
I'm here to help change the world one
person at a time as much as I can. I
want to teach everybody what I have
learned and what I'm helping these
people become successful doing. Look at
this. Here's another one. This is from
Kim. She says, "My husband and I picked
up a new Tesla this afternoon. Nick, you
were huge part of this purchase. Many
thanks. love options trading and the
Nick Gibbs I AG way. Right? So this is
the impact I want to have on the world.
A lot of these people have worked hard.
You've worked hard. People have
invested. People have saved. They've
sacrificed. They've done a lot of the
right thing. Many of you are doing this
very young. Many of you are about to go
into retire. Many of you are in
retirement already. But you don't know
how to properly use your engine that
you've built. But you have got this
engine. Now it's time to learn how to
extract profit from that engine. It's
time to make that engine give you some
returns and that's what I'm here to
teach you. Now, if you want, you can
find the links down below. November,
December classes are live. These will
fill up fast. So, what I've decided to
do is I want to reduce the amount of
people who are attending. So, I'm going
to raise the price as they fill up. So,
right now, you can go ahead and sign up.
Links are down below. Also, the journal
that links down below. Now, we need to
start with all that. How do we take
advantage and how do we know what stocks
to find right now? What am I looking at?
Right. So, in this world where
everyone's telling you you can't beat
the market, where everyone's telling you
just give me your money cuz I'll do
better with it than you. I have I I
think we all need to take a step back
and understand what's happening in the
market because there's you have to
understand this same this same world is
the one that's feeding you information
and you got to wonder like why are they
steering me one way or the other? Okay,
it's it's the same way with a lot of
these polls that we see. They're just
always wrong with the elections, right?
It's it's the constant manipulation. If
you're in the Tesla world, you know what
I'm talking about. You've seen it. If
you're in some other world, maybe you're
in the medical field, maybe you're in
something else that you have true
mastery on. You know what I'm talking
about where you hear people talk about
certain topic that you have true mastery
over and you see the manipulation. You
see the halfass reporting. You see how
they're not giving the full picture, the
whole message. That's the same thing in
the markets. That's the same thing
that's happening here. So let's talk
about what's happening in the markets
because we had the Fed raise rates and
we see that currently we've got this
tension in the in the world with Iran,
the United States and the rest of the
Gulf Coast states, meaning Saudi Arabia,
Oman, Bahrain, right? All those
countries. At the same time, you've got
everyone telling you that the S&amp;P 500
and everything is overvalued,
overpriced, and all that. The truth has
to be somewhere here, right? Like
somewhere there's got to be a way we can
make sense of this. we have good market
awareness. So, let me try to tie all
this together for you. And this is why
it's so critical to be invested. Even if
you don't take the course, please,
please, please, please, please, please,
if there's one thing you do that you
tell your family, you tell your kids, be
invested. Please be invested. And I'll
tell you in a little bit, too, why
having cash is important. I'm not
telling you don't don't I'm not telling
you to invest everything. I think you
should always have a little bit of cash
on on the sidelines and I'll tell you
why in a second. But let let's let's
talk about this. With rates going up, we
are going to continue to have inflation
and it's intentional. The Fed wants to
have 2% inflation, but the Fed doesn't
want to see higher inflation. So, what
they're going to do is what they're
doing right now. They're going to slowly
try to inflate the debt away while also
having growth. Because if we can keep
growing as a country and we can somehow
reel in our deficit and we could somehow
continue to have inflation without
screwing up the bond market or blowing
anything up or causing any kind of like
bank crisis, then we can eventually
inflate our debt away. The 40 trillion
we have because eventually what we have
as a growth in tax income will be enough
to to overcome our debts. That's the
idea. And it will work. It has to work.
Let's put it to you that way. And it's
worked before, too, right back in the
50s. So, over this past weekend, take a
look at this. We saw Ukraine struck an
oil refinery in Moscow. These are
ongoing attacks on Russian oil
facilities. Could crush global energy
prices or excuse me, could push global
energy prices even higher. Now, that's
why I looked at oil a second ago, uh,
because right now, oil is up not even
1%. Okay? Actually, oil's down. Oil's
down. WTI just went under $100 right as
I'm saying this. Okay, this this is
hilarious. So, oil is actually down.
Interesting, right? So, Ukraine hits oil
refineries in in Russia uh literally 15
hours ago and oil prices are up in in
the pre-market here. Okay, so what else
is happening? Well, take a look at this.
I'll tie all this together. Uh this was
two days ago that was announced on
Friday essentially that US President
Donald Trump is scheduled to meet next
Tuesday with Gulf with Gulf Cooperation
Council leaders from Saudi Arabia, the
UAE, United Arab Emirates, uh Qatar,
Bahrain, Kuwait, and Oman to make a big
decision about the future of Iran. Okay,
so we got Ukraine hitting oil refineries
in in Russia. Then we get this
announcement that Trump will be meeting
with the uh Gulf Cooperation Council.
And then this morning, this morning on
Fox and Friends, we get this. President
Trump told Fox News chief foreign
correspondent Trey that he is in a
deciding mode and a and very big things
are going to happen in the near future
regarding the US and Iran war. Trump
said, "My question is if and when do I
blow the entire nation up, meaning the
IRGC, they better behave." Trump also
said he's open to meeting with Iran's
president after Tran sent a list of
warending demands. Okay, let's talk
about this. What are these warending
demands? This is where things get
interesting. I talked about this maybe
last week, maybe it was two weeks ago.
Iran is starting to get soft on their
demands. So what are their demands?
Okay, so this is very interesting. They
have three main demands. Now remember
before they had like 14 demands that
were like the US has to repair
everything, pay us reparations, we get a
toll for the straight of hormones, all
these crazy things. Remember that. Uh
here are the new three demands. Number
one, the blockade, the US blockade
that's essentially not allowing a single
Iranian oil or just any vessel to come
to come out. The blockade has to go
away. Okay, that's number one. Number
two, the US has to unfreeze Iranian
assets. And then number three, the wars
and the fighting in the Middle East has
to end. Weird. It's almost like that was
the same the same agreement, the same
cons uh the same deal that Jared Kushner
and I think Steve Whitlock had tried to
get them to agree to all the way back
during the ceasefire. Isn't that funny
how that's where we we are now? It's
also interesting to see Iran start to
come to the table. I told you guys this
last week. I believe that as we get
closer and closer to these midterm
elections, Iran's not stupid. Look, they
may be insane. They may be crazy, but
these people aren't stupid. I I believe
algebra was created that, right? Like
these are this is the fertile crescent
we're talking about here. Like they are
smart people. They're not idiots by any
means. They may make stupid decisions.
They may be overly zealous. They may not
be great to their people, but they're
not stupid. So, they are being very
tactical and they know that as we get
closer to the midterms that and we get p
and we get past the midterms, they have
no leverage anymore. Everything they
would want is gone. And so, it makes
sense that they would use this
opportunity where they have the most
leverage they have to their advantage.
Why? Well, because if we could get into
October and the war in Iran is over,
Ukraine and Russia is over and the DNC
is still destroying the Democratic Party
or DNC. The DNS de Democratic National
Socialist of America, DSA, DSA, that's
it. Whatever. They keep destroying the
Democratic Party. Well, then this is
going to be very easy for the
Republicans to sweep. And that means
Trump doesn't get impeached, right? That
means that the Republicans can continue
and actually start to focus back on the
United States. You see Greenland, that's
done. Venezuela, that's done. Cuba,
that's done. So, this would be a really
big win for for Trump. And the Iranians
know this. They know that they have this
moment of leverage. And I think they're
going to try to use it. And honestly, I
think it's going to work. Now, I don't
think they're going to get anything
crazy out of out of the the United
States or Trump, but I think it'll work
to get into a place where things end.
So, maybe I'm overly hopeful. Maybe I
just want peace. But how do we use this?
Okay, forget the politics. Forget the
wars, forget the drama, all that. Let me
be selfish here for a second on both of
our behalfs. And by the way, all war is
bad. I don't want any war. I don't want
people dying or anything like that. But
you know, as a former service member,
look, we have to defend our country. We
have to defend our own interests. And
one way or another, it takes people
putting their lives on the line in order
to defend the freedoms we have here.
Freedoms that so many people take for
granted and people don't even understand
they do. It's kind of funny that I see
so many people complain about this
country. It's very evident that they
never took a step outside of this
country or that they've never been in a
conflict area. They've never seen true
poverty. They've never seen true chaos.
They've never seen what it could be like
where when they're outside of the
comforts and the safety of the United
States. And that extends to, you know,
even if you spend in Europe or anything
like that or a country like that or
Australia, you're under the shield of
the United States there as well. You go
to some of these other countries where
you're not, I'm telling you right now,
it's a whole different eye opening uh
eye opening experience. But anyways, how
do we take advantage of this from a
trading and investing perspective? Well,
I'll tell you. Number one, from the oil
perspective, oil is going to probably
keep going higher, and it's going to get
more painful until we get to a point,
and it might be there, right, right?
That might be this right now at at $100,
but it's going to get painful until a
point where things break to the
downside. This is great for investors
like Tesla. I guarantee you Tesla's
going to have blowout deliveries.
Guarantee it. Because people are sick of
this game with oil prices. Not only
that, but FSD is catching on like crazy.
I'm seeing so many people who I never
thought would would talk about FSD or
have a tassel writing thing posting
about it on Instagram, on X, even on
LinkedIn. And I don't go on LinkedIn
that often. So when I went on once, I
think it was last week, I was a bit
shocked to to see it. Anyways, so so
we've got that. That's the oil part. But
oil coming down is also going to be very
positive for the stock market and for
interest rates. You see, right now
everyone's focused on the Fed just
raised rates and they are focused on
oil's high, but you're not looking two
steps ahead. And I like to take the
contrarian take. When everyone thinks
that they should be avoiding oil, that
oil is scary, that oil price is so high,
you know what I'm doing? I'm selling
calls. That's what I'm doing. I'm taking
the other side. When stocks are falling,
I'm selling puts. I'm taking the bullish
trade. I take the other side. Now, how
do I know when to do that? How do I do
it? Well, that's what the course is for.
Links down below. That's why we do that.
We we teach people the proper mechanics,
how to enter, how to manage, how to exit
trade properly. But right now, we've got
the situation with oil and that is going
to become deflationary at at at probably
sooner than we think. And when that
happens, when that happens, that is
going to trickle across the economy. In
fact, right now, if you were to strip
out energy and AI, we are under 2% on
CPI. Just think about that for a second.
So, when oil, which is transitory,
starts to settle down and and it'll
happen way before the numbers come
through, you'll see the markets react.
But when the war is over or appear signs
of it being over, you'll see the bond
market calm down. Like I told you
before, the 10-year and oil prices have
been locked step. I wish I had a graphic
here to show you. Maybe I'll find one
and put it up five time. But they've
been in lock step. So when you see oil
come down, you're going to see the
10-year react as well, which will ripple
to the 2-year, which will affect the
10-year, right? You're going to see all
of this happen at the same time, which
will actually make Bessant look
brilliant for buying back 30-year bonds
to issue new shorter term debt so that
when the 30-year comes down, he can then
refinance those out. I mean, it it will
actually make him look extremely
brilliant. Now, probably going to be
right about this as well. So at the same
time all this is happening with oil with
the wars with the Gulf States all that
and this all happening this week
Tuesday. Okay with all this happening we
also have a whole separate world when it
comes to AI and this crazy doomsday
apocalyptic
existential crisis that is being created
out of thin air by Sam Alman Daario Elon
signing off on it. Meanwhile, you have
Elon kind of not walking it back, but
softening his language. You have Jensen
saying, "You're all nuts. That's not
what's happening here." So, what's the
truth? Like, what's my take? And look,
again, I'm just some idiot on YouTube
that some of you have decided to listen
to, and you made a lot of money, so
congrats. But here's my take. I think
it's all BS. What we see right now are
two CEOs, Sam Alman and Daario at
Anthropic, who are worried. There is an
existential crisis and it's in their
companies. Their companies are at risk
of losing out to open source. Did you
know that there is now more money being
spent on open-source models than there
are with anthropic or open AI? Did you
know that there are more tokens used now
with open source? The world is moving
towards open source. token cost is
becoming extremely deflationary. This is
why Jensen is building his models. This
is why Elon is reducing the price of
Grock. There's a reason for this because
token cost is going through an extreme
deflationary cycle. This is not good for
anthropic. This is not good for open AI.
Grock, SpaceX, they don't have to worry
about that. Why? Because they have all
these other businesses. They have a
neocloud business. They have a rockets
business. They have a satellites uh
business. They have a telecommunication
business about to start up. They have
all kinds of businesses in SpaceX.
Jensen, he doesn't have to worry about
this. He's got data centers. He's got uh
he's got CUDA, he's got networking, he's
got obviously GPUs, right? He's got all
these other profit generating parts of
the business. He doesn't have to worry
about making money on tokens. Anthropic
does, OpenAI does. So, if they see that
open- source models are starting to
creep in and starting to dominate, what
are they going to do? Well, they want to
create a sense of fear and they want to
scare the government into making
restrictions that make it very hard for
other companies to come in and start up
and challenge them. They want to create
what's called regulatory capture. They
want to box out their competition and
they want to have stringent rules
essentially to say no Chinese models, no
this model, no that model. And this is
not okay because what they're doing is
they're using fear-mongering. Notice
that the conversation has changed from
from oh it's gonna take all your jobs
everyone's jobs are going to go away and
you're not gonna have any jobs to you
you had all the students universities
push back on that and now they don't say
that anymore. So instead they pivoted to
this new narrative because this new
narrative somehow doesn't get the same
hate and you might be wondering like
well why would they do this like this is
against their own self-interest. No,
it's not. People, companies want to use
the companies that are on the forefront
of the best technology, who are the
leaders in this AI revolution. They may
not want to use that model that did XYZ,
but they want to be part of the company,
part of that ecosystem. They want to
make sure that they are buying the iPod,
not the Zoom. And if you're sitting
there saying, "What's a Zoom?" Exactly.
That's my whole point. So, they want to
make sure that they do not get
displaced. Companies want to make sure
that they're using the best models from
the best companies and they want to make
sure they don't accidentally choose the
Zoom company and they choose the iPod
instead because Apple was the right bet
there. And so, the company that is
arguably having the most dangerous
issues, the craziest things happen,
they're clearly on the forefront because
these other companies aren't having
these same issues. But I would push back
because this is just telling me how
negligent these companies are and how
how they're just training out of
desperation. They're not doing good QA.
They're not setting up their
environments correctly. They're not even
looking at the training data properly.
And it's crazy to me. Look, what
happened with the Open AI? I get it. It
was a zero day security issue, right? So
meaning it was a security uh a security
flaw that wasn't patched because it had
never been discovered until the model
discovered it. But you're creating a
model with the intentionality of being a
model that can hack and can break and
can find these vulnerabilities. So when
it inevitably does, you shouldn't be
surprised that it did it. You trained it
to do such a thing and it did the thing
you trained it to do. That'd be like me
thinking it's crazy that I just trained
FSD to drive and now it's driving. Like,
oh my goodness, you know? It's like, oh
my god, it made a decision to go and
park over there. It must be sentient,
right? It made this decision. No, that's
not what's happening. It's not it's not
making a nefarious decision to park over
there. The same way when people are s
talking about, oh, it's leaving copies
of itself and instructions uh so that
when it comes back to it knows what to
do. Like that's not nefarious. That's
normal. Everyone does that. When you
write an essay, when you have a project,
you save it. When you're playing a video
game, you're halfway through, you save
it. When you're working on a project,
I'm editing a video, I save it. Right?
That's normal. And that's all the AI is
doing. It's it's literally repeating.
It's using the tools that it's been
given. And the second it starts using
those tools now we want to start uh
anthrop I don't know how to say the word
anthropolizing it anthropol I don't know
how to say the word you know what I'm
trying to say they're assigning human
characteristics to it English isn't my
first language if you didn't know this
so forgive me but they they're assigning
human characteristics to this and making
it seem like the AI is being nefarious.
So what does this have to do with
everything else? Well let's go back to
the markets and let's talk about
trading. So what am I doing right now?
What I'm doing right now is, believe it
or not, more of the same. I'm still
trading Sandis. I'm still trading
Micron. I'm still trading Dell. I'm
still trading Marll. Still trading Alab.
All these companies I'm still trading.
And I'm now trading Tesla. Yep, you
heard it here. I'm trading Tesla. Let me
be very clear about what I'm doing with
Tesla. I'm scalping. I'm not doing cover
calls. I'm not doing any uh short puts
at the moment. What I'm doing is I'm
scalping. Meaning again, if you took the
options crash course, you'll know more
about what I'm looking for. But I have
the right setup. I'll go in, I'll sell
some calls against it. I'll get out
quickly, right? You're going to see that
on my trades when I share all of them at
the end of the month. If you're
subscribed to me on X, you're going to
see that. So, I'm scalping at the
moment, just going a little in and out.
Why? Because there's a little
opportunity there. Premiums have come
back in, but I'm still not selling true
cover calls on Tesla, right? That to me
is still a no-go. In fact, I will not be
selling anymore or I won't be scalping
anymore on Tesla for the until we get
the shareholder meeting until after
October 1st. I'm no longer scalping
Tesla, but you're going to see that I
was dabbling a little bit in it. So, I
just want to be fully transparent. But
the AI narrative, that's the place to be
in right now. Any of these stocks that
you see sell off to me is opportunity
right now. These are where I want to be
placing my trades on. and Tesla. The
other reason you want to stay away from
it, honestly, for cover calls, it is
setting up for one of the most bullish
setups that we've ever had going into
the end of the year. If you, again, in
the crash course, we talked about this,
but if you look at the setup that we
have for the BX tender and you look at
the right dates, you can see right now
it is set up the most bullish it's been
for this time of year going into the end
of the year. This confirms to me that
there's a good likelihood that we hit
all-time highs by the end of the year.
Now, Tesla starts to perform. They still
have to deliver. They can't flop. They
can't have a crazy accident with FSD. We
need to see more cities. We need to see
more cyber cabs. We need to see the
buildout. We need to see good delivery
numbers. All that's still true, but it
has the opportunity. The potential is
there. It's up to Tesla to to meet the
situation uh or meet the occasion. So,
right now for me, I'm continuing to
trade against my portfolio. I'm
long-term buy and hold. I haven't sold
anything. Got every one of my Tesla
shares. I've got all my Amazon shares.
Um, but I'm currently just trading
around my portfolio. I've started to add
more trades lately. So, I'm increasing
the mind of buy amount of buying power
you percent I have on. Right now, I've
been I'm sitting about call it 30 35.
Uh, when I was light, I was closer to
like 20%. Now, this changes based on
your portfolio size, but in general, you
don't ever want to go over 50% of your
buying power usage percent. You want to
stay below that. That's that's going to
be your sweet spot. Now, as we get into
juicier, maybe end of the year, I will
probably crank this up to about 50%. But
we got to see what the situation is. We
got to see the premiums. We got to make
sure the setups are there. All right.
This has been a different type of
episode. Maybe I just I want to kind of
get back to kind of the core of the
things I want to hit on. I want to help
people learn how to be financially
independent or for people who are
already retired, how to better utilize
their retirement, even if it's a small
portion. And this and just so you guys
know, I get asked this all the time. No,
you don't have to sell any stocks to do
what I'm talking about. No, it doesn't
matter if you're all in Tesla. And no,
we're not only trading Tesla. That's I
don't know why that's the the perception
out there. We're not only trading Tesla.
Yes, you can do this in the IRA.
Absolutely. I in fact, uh, one of my my
coaches that that work with me, Ben,
he's our our IRA
expert. So, we literally have someone
who is designated for really mastering
IAS. Um, and of course, we've got our
amazing IEG journal that helps you guys
do everything. But my goal is to really
help people find the success that I've
had to enjoy financially financial
independence the way I have. And I just
I really think that there's another way
out there so that we can better live the
lives that we want and have a more
impactful uh experience while we're here
on Earth. So for me, what does that
mean? Well, that means retiring my wife
so she can be a stay-at-home mom and be
present with our son so he doesn't have
to go to daycare, right? That means for
me to to eventually make it so that I
don't work my day job, which will be
coming up here soon. We'll talk about
that eventually. But I want to get to a
point where I spend my my my my time
with my son and I want to be there to
hang out with him during the day, to go
in the pool with him, to take him to
practice, to to go and experience, to
travel with him, to when he's in school
and they're learning about Rome or
they're learning about Napoleon that we
can go to to Paris and go to the museum,
we can go to Italy and go to the
coliseums. That's what I want. And I've
thought about this for so long. Uh,
look. I I'll get You know what? Stay
right here. I'm I'm going to show you
guys something. One sec.
I've got two pieces of paper here. Okay.
This first one I wrote and it's
extremely wrinkled up, but I wrote this
back in 2016. Okay. And I had some goals
in here. I said that I said that I will
be worth 1 million by the time I'm 30
years old. And that will be only my
brokerage account. It does not include
my house, does not include my 41ks, does
not include my checking account. Uh, and
I said that I will do this by the time
I'm 30. Um, spoiler alert, we did that a
lot sooner. Um, but this is something I
wrote wrote and this was a goal card I
had. And everything I wrote on this goal
card came true. There's a few other
personal things in there that I wrote
that came true. And this is one that I
wrote. Um, and it was a goal. This was
after I got uh this was uh for my
four-year anniversary with my wife
before we got married. And we had we we
wrote some stuff down here like get
married in Costa Rica in 2023. Well, we
got married in Greece instead. We went
to Costa Rica, we couldn't find the
venue or we went to the venue, we didn't
like it and we kind of flipped the
paradigm. In fact, you guys can go into
uh my shorts and you can actually see
our wedding there if you want. But
instead of 2023, we did it earlier. We
did in 2022. Um, I talked about having a
a net worth of 3 million uh by 2024.
Again, spoiler alert, we beat that. Uh,
I have a net well, I'm not going to keep
talking about net worth here because I
don't want to overexlain that, but I
have here start a family after we get
married. And I wrote 2025, we had our
son. And the last thing on this is build
our dream home. All right, that's the
last thing that isn't checked here on
this list. And again, I made this goal
card in 2021. This is our four-year
anniversary of, you know, while we were
dating. And so, it's pretty cool. Like,
I can't encourage this enough. Manifest
these. Write them down. I'm telling you,
the things that you think about, I swear
to you, they come true. And so, why do I
say this? Well, because when I was
younger, um maybe I was maybe I maybe it
started when I was like 22 23 um I
started thinking about what type of life
I wanted to have. I I always knew I
wanted to be financially independent
very young. Uh the whole idea of working
till 60 or whatever and never made sense
to me. In my mind was like if you could
have you know at least a million dollars
by 30 like then you're done. Like what
else do you have to do? Um, you know,
luckily we've been able to really exceed
that. But the point being that I always
knew that I wanted to get to that. So,
okay. So, my thought was, okay, I'd be
30 and I would be retired. You know,
retired is a retired from working for
someone else, right? I I'm always going
to be I'm an industrious person. I'm
always going to be doing my own thing.
I'm especially always going to be
managing my own money. But what what did
I want my life to look like? And one
thing that I always thought would be
really amazing would be to actually be
like a a stay-at-home dad. And when I
say that, what I really mean is to well,
one, do what I do right now. Like be
home and be able to be with my son or or
or daughter or my kids and be present in
their life rather than having to leave
and go away. See, I I grew up with a dad
who would have to go away for stressive
times, three months at a time. you know,
he worked on ships and so he'd have to
go overseas and he'd be gone for three
months and then he'd come home, he'd be
on vacation for three months, but he'd
be gone for large, you know, sprints of
time. So many of you maybe you had your
parents go away for like a 9 to5. Well,
I had my dad leave for months and months
at a time. And don't get me wrong, like
we, you know, while him and my mom were
were still married, we had a great a
great time, great upbringing, great life
and all that. Um, but I didn't I didn't
want to be that type of father. Um, and
great father by the way. But what I'm
saying is I didn't want to be I don't
didn't want to be gone. I didn't want
that type of life with with my kids. And
so that's something that I've I've like
manifested so much thinking about. And
this might sound a little like whatever
silly, but but it's true. Like the
things you think about over and over and
over will eventually perpetuate
themselves. You will eventually put
energy towards the direction to make
those things happen. So anyways, where
am I going with this?
I don't even know where we're going with
this. Just all I can say is believe in
yourself. And if it helps you, here's
this little trick. Where did I get this
from? I got this from Jim Carrey. Uh Jim
Carrey wrote down a check for himself
for $10 million. Uh he wrote actors uh
actor fees, rendering fees or whatever.
Uh and he wrote a check to himself for
$10 million that he would get by the
time he was 30. And sure enough, he made
that just in time. and he kept in his
wallet. So, I've had these again. I've
had this one since 2016 and I've had
this one since uh since 2021. And this
one, the only things left is missing is
uh building our dream home. And some of
you know that we're in the process of
doing some big things. Um but more on
that in the future. All right, we're
going to leave it there. Uh I don't this
kind of ended a little differently, but
I love you all. Thanks for watching,
especially if you stuck to the end. You
guys are the real ones. I really
appreciate you. I hope you guys have a
great week. Let's go crush it. Trade
small, trade often. Love you all.